The road was shut up to the old Blockbuster/current Sainsbury’s on South Clerk St!! Wtf?
What politics? Mercedes is way less political than Ferrari. Alfa aren’t Ferrari but they’re heavily connected.
Gio’s seat is the Ferrari junior seat so not an option.
You think that’s likely?
Oh that. I can’t believe people think that happened.
In the UK MotoGP is BT Sports.
I’m not. It’s NYE, if it’s NYE or Diwali then everyone knows that fireworks will happen and can plan accordingly. My city does a huge show at the castle on a hill in the centre of the city. They spend millions on it cancelling it when there are several ways to dampen the sound in your home if you need to would be like cancelling Christmas.
&gt; Mainly because so much of the population of Edinburgh is temporary (ie: students or visitors Being from Edinburgh that really frustrates me to hear you say that because it really didn’t used to be like that and still isn’t in the residential areas.
Is this a French thing? To hype yourself up this much? Probably just an Abiteboul thing.
What makes you think that?
They got a telling off for this.
Agreed.
100% no. However he’s probably top five on the grid for the first lap and fast enough not to go backwards but not quick enough to go forwards unless strategy is involved. It’s weird because it’s not necessarily that his **starts** are good, he’s not quick off the line, but that he’s good at navigating chaos.
Yeah but this is his 3rd season and after a point your ability to make big improvements plateaus. He can only improve so much after this much experience imo and he needs to make huge improvements in qualifying.
Well nothing is a bit of an exaggeration but they definitely were all (well idk about Vettel) of average wealth. Which makes them unicorns in racing now.
Like who? I like Stroll but his Junior career is the standard for F1. Especially with all the Red Bull drivers who skip F2.
They don’t want the uninvited to hold a grudge against them when they still have to see them at family events.
ESH He did give you veto but then it is his mum’s name... Even if she hates you, idk if you wanna keep the peace just play deaf to it and hope you have boys. Also it’s Alexander.
For his sake I hope so.
Just a talking to by Charlie.
He is really going to do it.
&gt; but they are prohibited from talking during the formation lap unless there's extenuating circumstances. Wonder why that is? I could’ve sworn I’ve heard engineers talking during the very end of the formation lap.
The McLaren deal in the past had Mercedes own quiet a bit of the team, I don’t see that now.
Didn’t they continue racing most of WWII?
&gt; In any legal system the state has an advantage of power. This is why countries like the United States with adversarial judicial models have measures such as exclusionary rules built into the legal framework to protect the rights of the accused. &gt; &gt;Japan has been deficient on this point. The prosecution exerts its authority to the detriment of the defense, and this imbalance has been allowed to become the status quo. This and the other issues I mentioned previously are what have produced Japan’s 99.9 percent conviction rate. And &gt; I have heard some judges admit that they fear the level of authority wielded by prosecutors. This creates a situation where they are unlikely to hand down a verdict of not guilty—a decision that would nearly always lead to the prosecution appealing the verdict, potentially overturning the decision in the higher court. This makes it exceedingly difficult for judges to acquit a defendant. Lastly; &gt; Japanese prisons actually have a very good reputation internationally. Prisoners go through rehabilitation programs aimed at helping them return to society and keeping them from reoffending. By comparison, the penal systems in many countries just lock prisoners away, making it hard for them to integrate back into society when they finally get out.
The million million makes more sense logically. Ten tens and a hundred, a thousand thousand is a million so why wouldn’t a million million be a billion? That said a hundred hundred isn’t a thousand...
I beg that they don’t involve AKB48.
Yup! He’s good.
Ah yes sorry. That was pre formalised F1.
You can bet they’d make up in a way quite quickly if it meant stopping a film being made about them. If neither have written the book yet I have a feeling it’s still a little too raw.
Yup. They didn’t race together in junior single seaters.
They both started single seaters at 16 in 2001 but not as teammates. See the MBM on Nico’s shirt? That stands for their karting team Mercedes Benz McLaren.
3Legs4Wheels.
INFO What does your Gran think?
Well then NTA, if your Granny doesn’t care then why is your mum getting involved?
I’m not sure it’s great to be starting such a negative thread. Everyone with even a slight amount of fame has, for lack of a better word, haters. I find it a bit cringy when people tag him (for the love of god don’t tag him here) but I’m a strong believer in try not to say anything negative a about a person if you can help it.
London. Very common very not offensive.
Did you have sex in the middle of the day? Congestion stops at 6pm. Also baby daddy? What is this 1995? You said yourself it was only sex who cares if she’s had previous partners? ESH
Canada? I remember them doing a slowmo of his tyres because he kept locking up.
He, from what I heard, doesn't want personal sponsors. Tbh $40 is more than enough without sponsors.
&gt; I'm honestly really disappointed in Vanessa for still skating and associating with him. He’s not technically a criminal yet, hell we don’t even know if the police in Florida are investigating. I’d love to see Vanessa disown him but they’ve been close for so long it’s tough.
Safe sport has zero authority over him. It’s up the police (hopefully) and the French Fed.
Highly likely as they’re not FIA.
Have you been to the Parisien suburbs? Everywhere has shit houses somewhere.
Love the Sassen and Goo Par ones.
It’s mildly annoying when non Scottish people go on about this.
The reg change is 2021 not 2020.
Afaik Williams paid for her Euro F3 testing.
Merry Christmas!
It is Christmas today in Russia and other Orthodox countries.
Red Bull never pay there drivers that much.
Yup. He’d be stupid not to.
&gt; Trade minister Simon Birmingham said full free movement would not be accepted because it could cause an exodus of highly trained workers to the UK and an influx of unskilled British workers to Sydney and Melbourne. That’s 100% what would happen. A lot of Aussie skilled workers come here already and that’s with the fact that they have a better quality of life over there.
Tell that to St Vincent, that’s how the majority of their tourists arrive.
In theory but most British employers don’t want to hire outside the the country. Academia being the huge exception.
I feel like they’ve made that exception for their World Champion first.
Well I stand corrected then. Wow, I wonder what the definition of “competitive” is?
But I mean contractually I wonder how they’ve defined it.
£££££
If only they can convince the rest of them to step back...
&gt;What now? Thank you, next.
She sounds very rude so NTA but let’s just say I sympathise with her, I’ve been saved many times by kind shop owners letting me use employee only toilets. So I’d like to think if she wasn’t so rude you’ve helped her but that’s just me.
&gt; Some people are outraged that he'll likely still be receiving a substantial amount of benefits from the state/royal family (security/protection officers, etc) by virtue of his position, but no longer taking part in duties associated with the position. This is the main one I heard.
Yes they will.
YTA You’re 22 not 12, birthdays aren’t important. You’ll definitely be TA for not attending the wedding. I mean yeah it’s a bit odd that she chose your birthday but you’re not a child.
I don’t know one person who celebrates their anniversary after the first year and then the 50th. Perhaps my family is just weird like that.
Whatever helps you sleep at night man. The conspiracy theories were excessive 🤷🏾‍♀️
&gt; What were the ratings of the two shows? About the same.
Williams as a team had a lot of problems but they effected both drivers. The only issue of merit is the steering wheel but the team straight up said they delayed working on it to focus on sorting out other issues. I mean take for example your claim about the old engine, you’re verging on accusing Williams on blowing up the engine themselves. It took time to fix it that’s why he was using an older one. Plenty of other drivers had to frequently use older engines when they had failures.
You should have told her mother what you were doing and frankly her as well before doing it. Especially as you’ve turned a twenty day suspension into a two year one. However it was absolutely the correct thing to do. NTA
I doubt just one man could fuck a whole organisation, but I’ve been wrong before.
&gt; Is Sergio Perez really that big of an asshole? From what I saw, it almost looked like he intentionally sabotaged his teammate, and screwed his team out of sure-fire points. They were both arseholes in that situation to be fair and couldn’t see the forest for the trees.
The producers have confirmed Mercedes are in the new season. Hungary and Germany.
It’s sport they’re all selfish, they have to be.
&gt; Mr Dewar was speaking out after the Edinburgh Hotels Association expressed concern that the industry was being put at risk by “constant anti-tourism messaging” over the winter festivals, which are estimated to be worth £150 million to the local economy. I feel that potential tourists don’t read our local press and even if they do that doesn’t mean we all have to pretend everything is fine. I’d like to think that local quality of life isn’t for sale to tourists. As for “fabricated” show your receipts man, what lies have been told?
They meet on Sundays don’t they? Not sure about 3am.
Hmmmm. Your mum is correct you could’ve been more tactful but this is less about not accepting the house and more what this may do to your relationship. I’d advise you not to put yourself in the position of making her choose a side because it’s a lose-lose situation. NTA but be careful.
Tough one. NAH I think. If she was important enough to have as one is your bridesmaid I think you might have just spoken with her first before kicking her out? On the other hand Joy shouldn’t have made it about her.
NTA, for your own personal safety stay the fuck away from this man.
Happy wife happy life my friend. ESH sometimes you’ve got to take one for the team.
I think they meant ment that replace DUI with illness or (her) family emergency for example. Both situations where you’d like the support of your husband.
YTA as someone with adopted relatives most children just want a family even if they end up being the ones having to teach their parents how to deal with race. Also if your sister’s attitude was a huge issue the adoption services would spot it a mile away and do the right thing. Your sister has just gotten through a major depression just be supportive.
Source?
I’m gonna need more info here? Why were the protesters there?
I think her show is also on the main channel sometimes and when it is it gets similar ratings.
To be fair her punishment was the fine and criminal record not the holiday stuff.
&gt; This astonishing fact combined with the fact that she basically allowed Boris Johnson to make her his b!tch last autumn massively degrades her prestige in my view. Huh? I’d bet money she did have a meeting about Andrew it just wasn’t in the press.
The reporting on this Harry and Meghan story is, I’m told, very consistent with the level of coverage they’ve gotten their other nothing stories. Just slightly more because this decision is more of a story compared to how her relationship with her dad is.
The Dakar makes sense though, you can’t replicate that kind of location but that’s not the case with a race track. It’s likely the paddock will be more free but there’s something off about going and working in a country where genders are segregated.
Did you seriously look through his comment history just to point that out?
&gt; ... except a certain locale in Africa that's still the namesake of the rally for some reason? Obviously!
They’re included.
And the British GP had to compete with Wimbledon and the Cricket World Cup. 🤷🏾‍♀️
Fair play to her, I couldn’t do it.
Huh? You’re just throwing out buzz words now.
NTA I’d dig your heels in on this one. What’s wrong with bringing in awesome sweets?!
Hauls also promote commercialism which is gross. It’d be cool if companies sold more testers to cut down on waste of people still really want to try new things.
Yeah it’s a sellers market unfortunately.
If your mum is okay with it then that’s fine take the money. NAH.
To be fair he threatened Britain, France and Germany, all of whom caved.
McLaren is Bahrainian funded isn’t it?
They’re either talking about Megan Markle (she’s currently suing a tabloid) or maybe Nicola Sturgeon?
Eh. It’s fine, like an adult panto. Not my thing but I understand it. What I don’t understand are why people like Always Funny in Philadelphia or Community.
NAH You do you but I’d think really hard before, effectively, telling this guy to fuck off. He’s hurting too it seems and what may be an uninteresting hour to you might mean the world to him. If it’s too awkward then don’t give him your phone number but you’d be doing a really good thing meeting him.
She’s 50% black in the UK most people, including myself, would be called black in that situation.
Fair play to be honest. I think most will be happy with this outcome. They have been treated very badly by the press but the idea that they could part time being in the Royal Family and still receive some funds was untenable.
To be fair they were but just not as much.
Google says £39,000 per episode so £624,000 a season?
I think it’s that Reddit in general is mostly young men. It’s clear here most people don’t have a lot of experience with maintaining long term relationships - romantic or not. I’m not against telling people to go fuck themselves if it’s too emotionally draining but you’ve got to accept the consequences. No one wants to be around selfish people who always put themselves first.
YTA Her relationship isn’t your problem or business.
By all accounts not much money.
You hear that in Switzerland about people moving between different Cantons.
NAH My mother’s greatest fear was that my sister and I wouldn’t feel black since we grew up in a white area. It hasn’t all been perfect but luckily for her I guess we both looked dark enough to feel black. By the time my brother cane she’d worked through her issues. I think you’re wife just needs a lot of understanding right now and to know the more she pushes her son the more he might never feel Chinese. As for your son unless he’s 100% passing l (going by your description probably not) he’ll unfortunately learn soon enough that the world won’t let him totally forget his otherness - unless things have changed from about ten years ago.
It took my dad over 25 years before he said “fuck it” and got a hotel. Sure you can get a hotel if you don’t mind dealing with a very upset wife but all I can say is I bet there’s some innocuous thing your family does that she hates and this’ll bite you in the arse later. NAH
Charles. He’s in the better car.
Your sister and family sound very insensitive but cutting someone off forever is huge. If your partner is telling you not to, and I’m sure he’s suffering as much as you are, then he might be on to something. Since I have to vote and you didn’t ask for us to judge on your sisters behaviour just your reaction: NAH
&gt; He graduated with high end IT skills and can't get a job? Probably something to do with recovering from a brain injury?!
YTA but I get why you want to do what you’re doing. Your son’s career was derailed because of something that wasn’t his fault, and it’s only been a year since the incident? I understand sitting down and making a game plan but have a heart.
Get a colour wheel and the colours opposite each other always go together.
I’m gonna need context if you want suggestions. The colours I’ll give you for clothes will be different than I’ll give you for the walls of a small flat.
Emerald green and maroon with gold accents is in rn.
Ally Pally in London is a rink in this huge old grand house on top a hill on huge grounds.
A lot of the rinks were originally built before there were standards and so have been converted afterwards.
Wtf is going on with Warren? Has she lost it?!
In two years your username will make no sense but I still love it 😊
Can’t you take out injunctions on paparazzi now? I’m sure that’s what Sienna Miller did.
McLaren should continue to: Unboxed, best videos from any F1 team. McLaren should start to: Perhaps videos following different McLaren personelle? McLaren should stop: I can’t think of anything really. Additional comments: I’d love to see a video with any team members that were there in 2008, your last championship year but in a way I like that you’re focusing on the future.
That looks amazing. I’m willing to admit I had doubts but wow.
You got one downvote, chill out.
Question, does any still believe what this guys says?
Norris, and Aitken looks okay. Off the top of my head there’s always one or two Brits there or there abouts in the lower categorys.
That’s only slightly more depressing than what actually happened.
NTA what is she expecting exactly? For you to hide your joy? That’s selfish on her part frankly.
NAH you and your sister are much to young to be caring for your mother. Where is your dad in all this? Going by what you’ve posted your mother needs serious help, from doctors or the state. Tell your school if possible. I really hope this turns out well. The only way things can get better is if more people are made aware of this situation. I’m sorry for your family’s loss.
Because this might cause an irreparable rift in her relationship with her sister? It seems unfair but that’s what will happen. Sometimes you’ve just got to concede to keep the peace.
YTA trust me the fallout from this will not be worth it and it will follow you for the rest of your life. My mum still doesn’t talk to her uncle because he was offended he was not invited to her wedding. This is like 15 years later. I 100% get your point of view but you’re not gonna come out looking good on this one, sorry.
In this case it’s best to support your husband in this since he’s taking it personally. YTA but not a big one. She’s so young, maybe to young to make a decision like this.
Zoe Jones didn’t have hot water either but she’s the only I know who had that problem.
NTA
NAH tell him directly you’re not interested. He just sounds awkward.
Maybe it was a fantasy? That feeling of unity. Things might be worse right now but perhaps it’s better that it’s all out in the open now?
I know someone who refused, they had smelly feet.
Girl NTA. He’s proved he cannot be trusted. Keeping his cards should be the least of his worries because he should be grovelling at your feet begging for your trust and forgiveness.
Like in the US?
Didn’t happen in ‘08, it won’t happen in ‘22.
You’d think but they probably just think about the loss of independence that that elderly person will have in a place like California and feel bad for them. Scary.
You’d be surprised how nice it tastes. I’ve not had Tartar but I had rare stake many times and the texture is really nice. Have it in a proper restaurant and the risk is low.
So she will give it out eventually to everyone?
Yup. I think I’ve almost got them all though.
Randomly?
Thanks!
I’m pretty sure the Trump banner was sarcastic.
Yup.
Originally you could because it was sped up English but I think now it’s half English half gibberish.
Apparently they changed it, I’ll try find the video.
It’s up to you. I personally don’t.
I’ve literally been talking to Meringue for forty minutes and she hasn’t ask to move to my island. I got her from an amibo, do I have to invite her again tomorrow?
Apparently this happens if you had full pockets when getting the diy.
Ah Coolio, thanks!
Store the stars. You’ll get diy’s eventually from Celeste.
It’s on the Nook stop isn’t it?
Definitely very rude in general the Dutch, or at least come across that way. A friend of mine worked for a Dutch charity that worked in East Africa and she had to be the spokesperson for them there because the people they worked with there found the Dutch manner to be to abrasive.
Chadder is making a golden flooring if anyone wants.
To be fair did you really think a PS2 and an old monitor was a substitute for a 60” and a Switch? Your siblings are 4 and 6 not 0 and 1. Talk about rubbing salt in the wound! But yeah NTA. I think it’s reasonable that your parents expect you to share with your siblings when they’re so young but I also think it’s fair that you didn’t wish to and as you were the owner you could return it. Seem fair to me.
YTA Look I get it, she’s 16 you tried to warn her and it’s just deserts. However I think you’ve made you point now, don’t you? If you’re not allowed to be silly at 16 and make silly choices then when are you? I’d be more sympathetic if she didn’t need to move schools as well. I think we all know it’s time to let her come home.
It gets delivered tomorrow.
Yup.
If you don’t want to buy more wedding furniture I’d keep the hearts and sell/give them away when June ends. Since once June ends they’ll be in high demand.
If they wanted to craft wedding items. Apparently we will get some diys that will need the hearts.
It’s a customised item so just take the food version and use a customise kit to change it.
My villagers were also all snarky yesterday being like “you were busy yesterday weren’t you?”
Perhaps you were to far south?
The robot gundam uses it in its diy.
And you post a picture of your big pond?
Nope.
I love it! I’m gonna make a classy restaurant with the items.
Wow! It’s awesome!
I heard the first couple of days the max is 11 and then it’s 15.
I second this. There must be a way Nintendo can stop that shirt.
Did you make sure it had a see through base?
So I got my Merange amibo to move in and she straight up just asked me who I wanted to leave so she could move in! Has this happened to anyone else?
Yup.
I’ve got Ava in boxes if anyone wants. No tip please and there are some free diys in the entrance. x
Hey I’d be interested!
Isn’t it a diy? If you have the materials I’m sure anyone would make it.
&gt; Does Williams have zero running cars now? They do track days quite frequently in fact. Well until very recently of course.
Yes I do mean heritage cars. Like the other user said probably was cheaper to use the Lotus. Williams do their track days a certain tracks (one n in the USA and one in Spain) and only tend to send them to other track if the driver pays.
Bad bot.
This picture you posted is Trafalger Sq isn’t it?
I’ve got mixed emotions. It feel like some people are wearing BLM like a poppy in November that they can take off when this is all over and yet I see things like Outside Xbox’s Animal Crossing stream raise 15k for the NAACP and I’m touched. I’m black, I’m mixed race and I’m a gamer. But I totally understand people being drained by everything. What I really want to see is people taking time for themselves to just really educate themselves and reflect on the state of the world. I won’t judge people if they don’t hashtag about it since I’m more focused on the people I know irl.
Fuji 2007?
But it is called Formula One..?
CJ and Flick tend to spawn in weird places. You might have just missed them.
I can get you some! Send me your dodo code. I’ve got two boxes in my recycling.
I’m shocked you’re the only one saying ESH. Totally agree.
Totally, but perhaps not quite as petulant as Sainz and Verstappen were when they were teammates. I think Sainz has grown since then - but not enough that there won’t be a couple of classic moments!
&gt;Unluck It’s just luck.
Cute dress!
I guess I moved one house and took it from there. It helped that I didn’t need so many fruit trees and that freed up space.
Hmmm. I think two wedding arches might be okay for the white structure but as for the fire they only, afaik, have the camp fire, bonfire and flaming leaf pile.
If I were you I’d just wait until they were gone before TT. Glitches tend to happen when you TT with a villain boxes.
Sold them or gave them away. I keep four type of each that I can clone if I need them.
I bought a home made one for £3, totally worth it! I got the villager I wanted and £3 is nothing.
It’s not seasonal as it doesn’t use young bamboo.
The acronyms Everyone Sucks Here.
Agreed. As my parents used to say, two wrongs don’t make a right.
YTA Funny but assholish.
NTA you cannot trust this girl.
Closed now!
Can I have the amber?
Thanks!
Oh no! That’s a shame.
YTA You couldn’t do your sister a favour just one night? As far as they knew her BIL was seriously injured. I just hope you never need someone or something because you’ve made it clear it’s all “me me me”. As for the clock no lawyer in the world would take your case. You left three children under 10 on there own.
If anyone has the flower stand diy I’d love them forever. I can give 30k or 5NMT. Or just ask me what you’d like in return.
Omg! I’m gonna DM you!
Personally I post them on Twitter then download them on my phone. However you can skip a step by using the micro sd on your switch and downloading it on your PC.
That’s just a rumour Mercedes has denied. Not saying it’s 100% untrue but they have officially denied it.
Let’s hope the OP never heads to Aberdeen if he thinks De Resta’s is thick.
Assume it’s not gonna happen and then if it does it’ll be a nice surprise.
I once had a day at Nooks where I had a diy Dino Standee, an Outdoor Bench and a Yuuca as my three items. Sometimes you’re just unlucky.
Isn’t it 17 not 27? Because it’s ten 100b, five wasps and two pieces of furniture.
I’ve got Redd with a fake wistful and scary. Any takers for the next 30 mins? (No tips please)
Hey could I get the surfboard?
I’m interested!
Really? That’s brutal!
That’s so cool! Happy birthday!
It depends. Maybe the parts that are finished are amazing but there is still some unused space.
I’m jealous! I’d love to go to Hawaii.
It’s random.
You can have a garden cart diy for free from me if you like.
You can get it if you download pocket camp.
I don’t think I can get chats, can you dm?
Take as many DIYs as you like btw.
If you save me one black Cosmo or Green mum or purple pansy (I don’t mind which) I can give you a free Construction Sign Ongoing work. I think if you catalog it you can’t order it because it’s from the nook miles stop.
&gt; He got mad at me once, so he dropped my cat off at a shelter two towns over, and refused to tell me where he was until he’d been put down. Stopped reading NTA.
If I had space I would Gladys was one of my OG villagers.
Hey sent you a Dm about the Sauna Heater diy!
YTA Sari is just clothes and there is no symbolism involved.
INFO Want me to be 100 with you? Do you look black? You said your skin is “darker than you would expect” but that could just mean that you’re anything from Mediterranean to more typically mixed race. I think you’re totally within your right to be included in the black community and black aimed activities but there is a difference in experience if you’re passing. Edit: I should mention that I myself am half black and have nephews and cousins who are blond and passing and I know wouldn’t be accepted as black unless they were with there parent.
I’m glad the racing it starting again soon.
I think it’s possible, especially if there is a second spike. However if the Austrian and British races are fine then I think it’ll be fine.
Gwen is crafting a Bamboo Speaker if anyone is interested. No tips!
Yup
Two or three at a time.
Considering the amount of mentally ill black men that die in custody I’m certainly not proud of them. Being better than the Americans isn’t even the bare minimum it takes to be good police, it’s lower than that. I mean even my white family has had unpleasant run ins with the police because they’re from a bad area of town and the police thought they could what they wanted with no consequence. I guess if I had any positive notes it’s that despite the internal pressure groups I know they have they’re no closer to getting guns on the normal PC than they were ten years ago. Well except in NI.
Google Sean Rigg, he the first that comes to mind. Unfortunately I can’t find exact numbers but here is an interesting article: https://www.donsidepiper.co.uk/read-this/black-people-are-twice-likely-die-police-custody-uk-according-statistics-2876490
You don’t get it because it doesn’t make sense. Skeeter is just a typical hack journo.
Well the womanising and cocaine are whatever, it’s there personal life so I don’t really care. Remember when the former French President had an open affair with an actress? At least Boris isn’t married. My guess is they support the Tory policies or oppose the Labour ones.
YTA Come on you know that this is an AH move. You never upstage the bride at her wedding.
YTA Look I get it you need time to deal but you dealing with it shouldn’t be by punishing your son. I am sympathetic though.
NTA. I know why your mother feels the way she does because your children won’t be Jewish if your wife isn’t and I’m sure that must be heartbreaking for her but you’ll only be setting yourself up for problems if you agree to her demands because what if you fall for a non Jew? Perhaps if you say it to her from that angle and say you will consider Jewish girls it’ll be easier for her to bare?
Anyone got the Sauna Heater DIY?
Thanks for the offer! I’ll dm you my Dodo.
Felt a bit shorter than Monaco. Happy for GR! It’d be cool if they could get the whole grid for the last race in Canada.
&gt; I know that's why I said to the same extent? I’ve been to Palestine protests in Edinburgh much bigger than the BLM protest today. I don’t know what you want people to say?
I don’t know about you but this is the only global pandemic I’ve ever lived through and I don’t think protests about the Israeli occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip were big in the 1918 Spanish Flu Pandemic. So again what is it that you want people to say? Yes the BLM protests were the only that have happened in the last three months of Covid-19.
&gt; I am sorry but who are you really kidding with this? You know that my point was the worst periods of Isreali oppression towards the Palestinians would never get this much of a reaction from people in the UK And I’m saying I disagree and have been to many more and many bigger pro Palestine marches in the past. If you want to take media coverage of these different issues then we’ve got a conversation but the BLM march that I was at in Edinburgh and that I saw in London wasn’t even half the size of the ones I’ve been to in the past for Palestine. &gt; that they would be willing to flout lockdown rule [for BLM] How can you know they wouldn’t do that again tomorrow for Gaza? You can’t because, as I’ve pointed out, this is the only lockdown we’ve experienced in most our lifetimes.
Remember you can only buy eight items a day so don’t wait to long to buy.
If he’s non verbal then fair enough. NTA.
You and me both! I still don’t get it.
I’ve got a whole bunch of hybrids to give away if anyone wants. Including a purple tulip.
Ah sorry that along side the purple pansy, black cosmos and green mum is one the one I don’t have. Well actually I have two but not enough to give away unfortunately. I have everything else though!
I can give you a purple mum! Just waiting for my blue rose to clone so I can’t give them away yet.
Omg that would be awesome! Thank you!
Yup but you might want to delete this comment so no one crashes your island. I’m Natalie from Ecosse.
DM’d you my code!
Can I come buy the Miko attire? I can send chats but can DM you.
DD?
Yes but it’s random so they might suggest the same person a couple of time but they do change eventually!
Not really. If you had no trees to get supplies you could go to islands and eventually sell weeds to get and axe or shovel.
But actually who cares? That table is awesome and that should be it’s own reward. Don’t worry about fake internet points.
I really miss the cute petals that fell in the last week.
Yeah well apples and pears and oranges all blossom too. I suppose the reason the game has the non fruit trees bloom is in Japan the cherry blossom tree that are most common aren’t fruit baring trees.
Hey could I come too?
NTA. Your body your choice. You guys used a condom but thems the breaks.
&gt; but if a man has sex and doesn’t want a child, boohoo, too had for him? Pretty much because men aren’t the ones who take the risk associated with carrying child to term. You can’t compel any woman to have a medical procedure against their will, just as you can’t deny them access to it - in my opinion at least. If he really wanted to be sure he could have had a vasectomy. Let’s hope the male pill becomes more available in the future.
Abortion isn’t just about an “opt out” it is a choice because it is a part of their body. If men carried the child they’d have the same choice but because of biology they don’t. Child support is for the child not the mother and the parent who isn’t raising the child has a responsibility to society to provide for their child. Alimony is a con though. No need for it in 90% of divorces in 2020.
I’m not sure it is totally fair but it’s not fair that women have to be the ones to be pregnant - but that’s life. You know I’m some countries it’s not so uncommon that women die in childbirth? It’s five months of your life you are going through hormonal hell. No one is saying the man has to be a father but he does have to provide for the life he created. He could be no contact of he wanted.
Did you read the story? He didn’t want to use a condom but the OP insisted. The man didn’t even know that the OP was told she was infertile by a doctor! He’d have been in the same situation if she done what he wanted!
No they do only come from cherry trees but they’ve been bred to flower with fruits or with only very small fruits.
It certainly changes who I view as the AH. The point I was trying to make is that it is unfortunate fact that only females are able to get pregnant. This means that, because of body autonomy, they are the ones who choose if they wish get an abortion or not. However this fact doesn’t mean that if the man consented to have sex and, even if it was accidental, create a child their responsibility to that child goes away. I have a lot of sympathy that if a man doesn’t want to have a child they are still compelled to pay for half of its cost but due to biology the time to protect themselves from having an unwanted child comes before they have sex. Like a vasectomy or maybe only doing oral or the back door. We’ve all got to play with the cards we were dealt.
Grand Prix (1966), it has cameos from real ‘60s F1 drivers like Jim Clark and Graham Hill. Plus the mum from Arrested Development is the love interest. Awesome film.
I’ve got loads of blue windflowers and a few blue pansys if you want, no charge.
I’ve got loads for spare flowers, all hybrids, that I’m going to throw away in the next half an hour if no one wants them.
DM me your dodo and I’ll bring them.
I get you and I kinda agree but money is too big an issue not to give it a half hearted go. I’m going to support F1 trying to give it a go but in my heart of hearts I know 2020 is a write off.
NTA Unless the mistress can afford to buy it off you it’s to much to ask that you be responsible for it for the next eighteen years before giving it to that child. Restaurants are risky investments and usually money sinks.
If only! I’ve only got two of each unfortunately!
That’s a shame I can’t use chat.
I can’t chat but I can DM?
&gt; We've reached out to Williams and Formula 1, and we are working to set up a fundraiser to benefit the team. What did they say?
I’d be willing to contribute but I kinda agree.
I don’t know I don’t think Renault would want him. Better for a fresh start with a driver who has potential.
That’s why I’m weary of all this. I’m all for giving £50 for an emergency fund but while McLaren are actually my favourite team the reason I like Williams is the proud streak. I’m sure they wouldn’t want a hand out.
YTA It’s just a tampon and it’s totally natural.
Dude stay strong NTA. You did everything right. Would you ever really want to keep a secret like that from your child?
NTA Everyone has a line in the sand and she crossed yours. Hopefully this rift will cause her to see the error in her ways.
You definitely made a mistake my friend but NTA. Not that that’ll get you out of the shit house! Good luck!
&gt; An important note here is that she is reaching menopause and it would be very unlikely that she would have a child again if she aborted. Menopause happens in your mid to late fifties not early thirties! YTA unfortunately you can’t tell your wife what to do in this situation. However you’re not the AH for considering this to be a deal breaker. Look it might sound pedantic but rather than framing this as “get an abortion or I’m leaving you” you should frame it as, I think, it really is “I cannot remain married to you if you want me to raise another mans child.” Same result but actually expressing why you can’t be near that child.
I’ll do it for free. Dm me your Code.
Raymond situation?
Why them? The UK the the only country party to the “One Country, Two Systems” treaty and the US is the country that China is accusing of interfering in HK. So why Japan?
Can you pm me?
Aw man! I understand but it kinda sucks.
NTA
When the cursor is on the item push “X”.
NTA and don’t let anyone tell you any different. He was your ex and you weren’t 100% sure that your new child meant that your husband wasn’t the father of that other baby.
Hey now don’t associate these types with Horse Racing.
YTA you weren’t her Maid of Honour or even a bridesmaid, just a coworker. On her wedding day, my god. Time and place!
ESH. Look I get it you panicked, they made plans about your life without talking to you first. However when you cut people out of your life there are consequences. Them perhaps not being there when you do want them in your life is one of those consequences. You’re 27 not 2, why before leaving couldn’t you have spoken with them rather than just running out? That’s beside the point now.
NAH You could’ve said all this in private rather than at dinner. Tbf it was the day after and I know someone who admitted that even twenty one years later she still thought about the child she lost around that time. The difference being that for her it’s a private thing that she didn’t bring up. If you want me to get really real with you, while you’ve implied you feel she brings up her stillbirth for attention, some people really do never get over things like this. Ever. That said that isn’t an excuse to unload constantly on your family. You could’ve told her in private that you are finding it hard to hear about her stillbirth and to please be mindful when bringing it up when you are around. That way if she still brings it up at least you tried.
YTA Children are very resilient and you should have told her before this situation arised. Unfortunately you have no choice now.
NAH You and your mother are obviously going through a very stressful time right now and that made her lash out. Totally understandable. You made a very reasonable decision. I’m sure I don’t need to tell you but try to patch things up before you get too ill.
Honestly? No-one. Not God, not Ghandi, not Nelson Mandela.
Anyone’s Ables got the Tube Top?
Any colour but red is probably the one I really want. If I can catalog them I’d love you forever! Plus water your flowers?
I love it!
Sweet thank you! Don’t worry I’ll just catalog them and water as many flowers as you like!
I won’t be happy until it’s lights out.
I don’t get chats but I sent you a DM. :)
YTA. Hun, $350 is cheap. Over ten years ago my mother’s dress cost £1000 and she didn’t even buy a white one! She is massively budgeting asking for only $350.
NTA. Your father shouldn’t have put you in this position.
I actually know several people who don’t like tea but they all drink coffee. Do you not like any hot drink?
I think after China he started practicing way more.
Look I like Russell but Ocon second last? Ummmm...?
Ah you’re right! I feel silly.
Dark brown okay? You can catalog it. I need a white one but you don’t need to do anything to catalog my brown one.
Hey Clay is making a Zen Style Stone if anyone wants. **No tips** but if you could water the flowers right against the airport that’d be nice but it is 100% not necessary. So don’t worry!
Hey I’m missing three I think. The diplo torso and the everything but the quetzal torso. So I guess the wings? You’re awesome!
Hey dm me!
Just enjoy the races.
I’m pretty sure it’s happened several times before.
I’m glad she pulled through!
They actually are attracted to you terraforming and placing items.
I’m being serious.
This was hardly our fault. A doctor in NZ let them out of quarantine early.
So this is your first day on Reddit?
Actually that isn’t clear but what is clear is they were let out of quarantine early by a doctor in NZ.
Confiscated by who customs? The police? Or the post office?
Wow! After the cancellation of the W Series in 2020 this is awesome news! So Arthur Leclerc and her will be teammates? Can’t wait to see Jamie push forward.
True but much more competitive series this time I’d say. So I’m more excited.
The thing that gets me is how only one Art driver does really well and the other is like 11th.
Me too. However for some at least it was because the actually knew him (he had crashed into Leclerc twice in F3 I think) not just because they knew of him and his reputation.
Fishing rod stand is an exclusive item from the fishing tournament so that’s a problem but the tin bucket is at my nooks.
I’d totally understand not allowing UK citizens right now too. At least until we’d had a few weeks of no/very few new cases.
I’m not a huge fan of points scoring from anyone including us but I wouldn’t blame them sure but I think it’s important that people know the facts.
It your car and your Aunts reaction was extreme. I don’t blame her for asking but she should have respected your answer. NTA.
&gt; You have an open door policy between your legs and as a result you keep having different kids from different dads, I lived with you because the legal system was forcing me to and you didn't treat me like a son, you treated me like you're free baby caretaker, now you expect me to give up this blessed fortunate life just to go and live in a shity moldy apartment and take care of 5 kids while you go out and keep getting fucked by strangers Raw? goodbye Jane" (fake name) UMMMM. Look it’s NTA but yikes you seem like a... nice guy. Your tirade almost pushed me to a E S H.
NTA She 12 and there are certain things you don’t share with 12 year olds, even if that means you need to lie.
Personally I think if it’s a competitive third then that’s a win.
I mean right now maybe but unfortunately I have a very slim body type so I really like to try stuff on before purchase.
Well until devolution technically Wales was a part of England. That’s why it’s on represented in crests the same was Scotland and Ireland were. However culturally obviously Wales is very separate.
Fair.
The answer to your question is Pandemic. You’re stuck with her for now I’m afraid.
NAH Awful situation with no winners. Yes in a perfect world you would’ve responded to the text about why you couldn’t call but it’s a very emotional time for everyone. Hopefully once emotions are less raw everyone will see sense.
He’s an adult, he knows the risks.
I wasn’t on Reddit so I can’t compare the responses but my mum then and now didn’t like him. On TV I remember Hamilton talking about him on Graham Norton so it was discussed but the last time I remember the general public in the UK being excited by F1 was 2014 when Ham won his second championship.
$$$$ The Finnish government won’t subsidise a race (quite right imo) and there wasn’t a promoter willing to foot the whole bill. If they’d gotten in when the fees were less ridiculous they could’ve gotten a sweetheart deal like Monza and Silverstone but even they have to pay tens of millions. Finland doesn’t have a very big population even if Racing is popular there and why would other Europeans travel to Finland when they have several other race options? So tickets sale might not be huge. Also there is a small window weather and light wise for when it could be held. It might happen in the future still but still it’s less of an attractive idea when you think about it.
That broke woke joke is pretty good tbf.
Make it with the other character and place it on the ground. That way the character you wish to own it can pick it up.
Afaik the only one who pays is Nissany.
Love the arch!
Blame the organisers for not inviting them.
Very very fair advice NTA so long as you made it clear that to your niece that you’d support her decision even if it was to walk away from the money. Frankly I think most people would wait one or two years for that amount of money.
NTA but rather than saying it “needs to end” I guess reiterate the need to be discreet again. No one needs to see that kind of blood.
I’d rather not. Unless they were in pain and I didn’t know why.
Apparently Claire Williams met her when she was visiting the W Series and wanted to support her career. I know Williams have got her testing on international F3 machinery. As for Dan Ticktum I don’t know but despite the rumours there has never been any proof or credible sources that his family paid Williams. I guess we’ll have to take Williams at there word that they felt he was talented. My theory is that they didn’t want a repeat of 2018 with two pay drivers so wanted to groom a Russell replacement and Aitken and Ticktum were the two best prospects.
NAH You aren’t actually disinheriting him since, by your account, this money was to be used to take care of you anyway. In the UK unless your parents are unwell or single it’s uncommon to have them live with you. If his wife is just finding this out now that you were expecting to live with them I don’t blame her for being shocked. As for your son, perhaps he could’ve been more upfront but he grew up in America and of course he’ll support his wife.
Hmmm. If the only reason he left it to you is you became a nurse like his daughter then personally I’d split it with my siblings to keep the peace. Ultimately your grandpa is free to do as he pleases with his money so NTA. If you’re happy never speaking to your family again without lawyers then keep it all but just do what is right for you. If you’re not close with your family then that might be okay. Money is funny and it makes people do crazy things.
&gt; used water and a brush on a stick to clean them (no soap) This is actually quite common for small high windows. But yeah NTA.
Not even going to read NTA. You don’t need a reason not to go through another pregnancy.
NAH Look I get but personally I’m not sure I could be that close to someone who has tattoos like that. Knowing what they represent against people like myself. Your reasoning is sound though.
You know is you put dirt on the ground before the rock spawns you wouldn’t see that grass.
I can’t this now but if you could save me two green mums I’ll I’ve you 2NMT.
I played New Leaf. I found while superficially there was more to do you had less overall control over the way your island looked which meant, imo, less insensitive to keep doing and redoing and perfecting.
YTA I feel like I’m always giving the opposing view on this sub. Look ban her friend from your house, install a lock on your door; these are reasonable reactions. Kicking someone out during a pandemic because she giggled at her AH friend being crude is not. I’ll even go so far as to tell her without an apology she should consider (not be forced but just consider) looking for some place else because you don’t feel you can live with her anymore. However you’ve jumped so many steps here. Luckily I don’t care about karma lol this is my honest opinion.
I heard it’s because he was linked with Mercedes that Williams were hesitant to sign Russell. Feeling despite the discounts they didn’t wish to be seen as a Mercedes junior team.
&gt; But during the construction our relationship deteriorated very quickly. Within the year we got divorced and I got to keep the unfinished house. Sounds like a episode of Home Designs. I digress. Depends how old these older children are. 17 they get to decide but 13 and I think it’s up to what you agreed in the divorce. At the end of the day you all have rights and what happens next needs to be fair to everyone. NAH
&gt; Well to my surprise a week ago I got a weird phone call from someone who turned out to be my mother, how she got my number, no idea. Well this isn’t a great start. There is obviously either a huge piece of missing info (who told your sister she could move in?) or it weird that she felt the sister she hasn’t spoken to in seven years would let her crash with no actual contact confirming it. Even if you’re mega entitled that’s odd. I can’t really judge this. Obviously you need to talk to your sister first about her situation before deciding if she can stay.
I try to give spares away and as a rule keep no more than eight.
You’ll have to place a new plot.
Something I learned recently is that rocks spawn on dirt without a grass boarder.
NTA You were giving him straight facts.
YTA I don’t think it was obvious to others that she was talking about you or being passive aggressive and so by responding in public you did make yourself look like the AH.
&gt; years or decades before there were any academy programs by F1-teams, which completely subsidize their junior drivers. Only because it was much less difficult money wise to get into racing. F1 drivers then could come from anywhere. Didn’t Mercedes pay for Schumacher’s drive at Jorden? When did an article about fitness become a competition about class?
I understand you feelings but NTA. If you had dug up a young tree or the turf but I can see how the thought you’d leave potted plants? NTA
Preach! Life is full of shades of grey. I find I’m much happier educating myself about what I like that way if I do still like it despite its bad associations I’ve made an informed decision.
NTA I don’t understand this need to hide women’s body excretions like they’re radioactive. We all need to talk about discharge more imo lol Unfortunately for my impartially you are preaching to the choir here. I understand your daughter’s embarrassment but your wife should know better than to indulge it.
The warm thing I’m sleeping on deciding to get up to get another cup of tea.
You’ll have to have one square of the path for each stair unfortunately.
You can’t place flowers on custom paths.
They do but say if I tt to the 30th of May my azalea bushes would all be buds and then I the next day, 31st or tt’d to the 29th, they would be flowered.
I don’t know what they’re saying you can by moving the save to an SD card. So long as the new switch has the same Nintendo account.
&gt; My wife and I feel bad but we want to make sure our daughter knows that she has the right to say no and have that be respected if she isn't comfortable with a situation even when it's family. Good point. Good outcome I like updates! I even understand your wife’s POV even if I think this is the best outcome for everyone.
The Zulu in the film Zulu (1964). In that situation I’d have attacked the British too as they were using that missionary base to eventually attack and invade their lands.
ESH. You both are acting petty.
Tell your daughter that the money for these grandchildren is payment for help around the house \*hinthint* If that doesn’t work then tell her that you’ll do as you please with your own money. You have a very fair and valid reason for giving them extra, they had to work to earn the money for university and now you want them to focus on their studies while they are there. They had less than the others. NTA, those are good reasons. Your daughter will come around.
Seriously? Nothing, maybe laugh?
He’s better than I’ll ever be, I can say that much.
I’ve got DIYs I need rid of: *Floral Swag *Tea Table *Iron Garden Table *Tiny Library *Golden Gear *Cool Hyacinth Crown *Log decorative shelves *Leaf *Bamboo Shelf *No Tips* ^But ^I ^guess ^if ^you ^want ^to ^water ^my ^little ^patch ^by ^the ^airport ^then ^that’d ^be ^nice. ^Not ^necessary ^at ^all ^tho.
Hey I picked them up for you. I’ll dm the code.
DM’d!
Sorry it’s gone!
Yup dm’d.
They’re both gone unfortunately :(
I think you know the answer to this. You made a huge mistake here YTA v
Manicure and pedicure. I’m not a man but there is no this better than having well cared for nails.
Yup. They were at testing and were filming Ocon and Latifi during the virtual GP.
I wasn’t sure but this should help https://www.nintendo.co.uk/Support/Nintendo-Switch/How-to-Transfer-Your-Save-Data-To-a-Nearby-Nintendo-Switch-Console-1549113.html (Edit: it seem like they’ve actually disabled the ability to to move your save to a new switch which it outrageous. You can with other games.)
Once bitten, twice shy. NTA.
Juju Noda P2 in her first qualifying. 0.341 off Conrad Laursen in p1.
I know someone who did this and it hurt a lot to find out they were sick and a few weeks later they were gone. It made it much harder to deal with it because I would’ve spent more time with them while I could.
&gt; They are prepared to take the risk to see their friends and family. This is 100% it.
I feel like that shouldn’t be legal. Like at all.
YTA The result of this is she’ll drop out of uni and then probably do more porn.
They couldn’t do that. That’s a Williams decision.
Stakeholder just mean he makes money off them (usually) but he holds no power anymore. Though I’m sure Claire Williams would take his advice.
Racial equality not to defund the police specifically.
While he is famous in the uk he’s not “recognise with a mask on” famous like say David Beckham would be.
If I were to time trace back to yesterday at say 9:30pm would the Nooks Cranny have the same items as it actually had yesterday? I haven’t played the game this morning.
Furniture yes, ledges no.
You do you, don’t let anyone shame you one way or the other. NTA.
Well I don’t know where you’re from but where I am from (and I am at pains to say what I am saying is not connected to the mod change, I don’t know what happened there) hate speech is not protected speech.
I’ve always enjoyed your posts. Good luck with the future.
I think it’s been to soon to say if Lee has had weak results since he left TCC.
I think Samerin and Tennell are some of the top performers skating right now. They both don’t get enough credit.
NTA I’ve read some of your comments and if your family say you’re in the clear and even her parents didn’t expect you to pay you know you’re fine. So long as you do try to avoid them for a while as your father said.
I may or may not steal this. Such a great idea!
Why? It’s been basically the same here. Let’s not forget the outbreak that happened in Edinburgh before lockdown that the government knew about and didn’t tell anyone about.
&gt; Scotland and Wales went into lockdown and kept it on way earlier than the UK, Categorically untrue. I went back to Edinburgh the week before lockdown and everything here locked down the same day as the Boris announcement.
There are five bridges total. Those three and the Kincardine Bridge and the Clackmannanshire Bridge further up.
I can only speak to my personal experience but it doesn’t seem more aggressive to me.
Why?
&gt; Handy tip: if Ian Murray MP is espousing something it usually is bollocks. :) Oh god I had no idea! Can’t stand him, he’s our local. Edit: That said I’ve not seen any debunking but I’ll take you at your word.
Like I said I can only speak for myself. In Scotland at least if there have been travel limits I don’t know many who have known of them. At least travel between Glasgow and Edinburgh hasn’t been policed.
&gt; He said that I was their only daughter and I was robbing him of his moment. I mean he’s not wrong. It is some father’s dream to walk their daughter down the aisle. You might be breaking his heart. However the same can be said about grandchildren it might be easy to give in now but it’s much harder to give in later. NTA
INFO: How old is your dad’s wife’s son?
That’s now, until recently the responses have been near identical.
With that much opposition from prominent figures and it was still approved? First I’m glad in this case at least the system worked. They must really need houses in Newmarket.
Ally Pally? I’m happy they’re getting time to repair but I cannot see why, if it’s financially viable, rinks can’t open. Even if only for lessons.
There are certain plane routes where you will meet whole families on every flight and London to Sydney via wherever is one them. I think if this where a party flight to Tenerife then possibly but people with children need to travel too. NTA.
Best update ever. I’m so glad it sounds like you’ve all started to try to work things out.
If you can honestly say that your behaviour towards A was only because you didn’t want to be friends with anyone at work - only you in your heart can know this - then it’s a shallow NTA. After seeing this display: &gt; A site down joining them. This prompts the rest of the group to stand up and move to another table You could have been kinder and more understanding, if only for a moment. You did go straight to “take it to HR” rather than the more socially acceptable “oh I didn’t see that, sorry that sounds awful. I’m so tired right now and want to be alone. You should definitely tell HR.”
Nope. Once you have had one you just have to pay to keep it. Unless he did a Webber and gave it up he still has it.
Sky only applies to the UK, in English at least. If the OP was in the UK I’d actually recommend they get Now TV with the F1 add on.
That would be awesome actually.
Unlikey. It’s the old “bringing the company into disrepute”.
To be fair it does look like a noose to people who don’t know how nooses work.
&gt; my siblings have said that yes, dad should have said something sooner, but also said that I was looking to start shit with my message(s) and I could have handled it better and I may have ruined dad's longest relationship since mum. Definitely NTA but your siblings have a point.
NTA but give her the $3k back.
I can get you the bath towel wrap in pink, ruffled dress in black and the fancy mum wreath for two Taurus pieces?
YTA Your sister sucks big time but you know what you did was wrong. You don’t make someone else’s party about you - ever.
YTA, perhaps even criminal too.
I don’t mind, there will always be young wonders. However I do support even a one year increase in senior age just to encourage a more sustainable technique. What frustrates me is seeing skaters lose their jumps.
Has to be miles.
Because it’s the bug off tomorrow
&gt; "I had too many Irish car bombs last night". This makes me so angry, people died. Imagined if we made jokes about 9/11 like this? Being from Edinburgh I’ve met my fair share of American tourists and most are lovely and friendly but there’s always one or two that like to explain your own heritage to you. NTA.
You’ve more self restraint than me.
Go on to your messages and it should be next to “unread”.
Go on to your messages and it should be next to “unread”.
So cute!
Usually I don’t care about these things but when the person making the joke doesn’t even know what it is they’re talking about - as is usually the case with Irish Car Bombs - then it pisses me off.
You’ll progress slightly more slowly but I agree with the other user, you can try time traveling?
Usually the land owner will say their own personal rules. I guess don’t run?
Nope unfortunately. You could give him an item that is a similar size and he might replace the bug cage with it but she will occasionally still show the bug.
Nope it’s random. If you keep giving them the lamp everyday eventually you’ll get the photo.
Yup
Gwen is making an ironwood dresser. I need to make dinner in 30 mins though. No tips.(chats don’t work for me so dm or reply)
Hey so there is are DIYS in the entrance, take as many as you like. What’s your in game name? The usual rules like don’t pick flowers etc. Gwen is north and to the right across the river, use the map function. The Dodo is
Hey before I send you the code what’s your in game name?
I mean your NTA but you’re naive if you think she’ll pay for it now.
YTA Those items were irreplaceable and you knew what you did would hurt your siblings.
NTA What an odd thing to ask for. Especially since it was going to automatically go to them anyway if you didn’t have a will. That said you seem to be confusing children and lack of success. It fine if you don’t want children but there are plenty of people who have children and don’t leach off their family.
YTA. If you changed your mind of the £20k you should have told her. Plus you yourself admit that you’d give her the £20k if she was marrying a man. Textbook homophobia.
You are not obligated to look after your father’s other family but I just hope the children aren’t the ones who will be punished in all this.
ESH She kinda brought it on herself by asking but the kind thing to do would have been to lie.
&gt; When you have to convey criticism, use the sandwich approach: one compliment, then a very tentative sounding criticism, then a second compliment. It lessens the hurt and the defensiveness a great deal. Great life lesson.
Do you have an example?
I need to get rid of some DIYs https://villagerdb.com/user/dsq/list/current-diy-stock Edit: all gone!
Sorry gone
Sent you a dm!
By selling butterflies usually.
Sorry everything is gone.
I used this for inspiration. It also doubles as a trading lobby where only I can escape. https://youtu.be/TIF1DI-Dcl0
The count down only happens when the island owner “ends session”. ‘-‘ to leave might have issues but if someone has a dialogue up it shouldn’t work.
&gt; my understanding is that leaving any other way than the airport will mess things up Not 100% true. But leaving by using’-‘ is more prone to glitches if it’s a busy island.
Aw man this sucks! I loved them.
It gives me a choice of two seeds but then I put in the current weather and it said I was incorrect. I think I’ll do as u/CapablePage1 said and change most things to Unsure rain/ unsure no rain.
One day unless there’s a glitch.
Has anyone got a brown surfboard?
I can’t chat can I dm?
Ah I see, there is a specific rule against Discord due to the conflict with the subs official Discord. Fair enough I guess.
Thanks! DM’ing now.
I don’t use Discord so it’s no skin off my nose. But thanks for telling me! I really should read the rules before posting in new subs!
NTA It was a spur of the moment decision. If you had known you’d have warned him. Ultimately it’s your hair, your choice.
Last year I think it was £1000 for every overtake by Stroll.
Not necessarily. That’s just a bad divorce.
The max star fragments per night is 30 right?
Thank you!
&gt; What worries me most is that post brexit, they'll be able to force manadatory insurance on ebikes too, maybe even normal pushbikes. Being someone who can’t cycle would this be a bad thing?
