lol that was a lame penalty
Oh sucker. We’re rockin a warm -33
You mean the one where they showcased Drais passing and Laines shot?
Fucking Kassisn should get* another one. What a shit head
“Fuck sportsnet” Give me updoots
I did nooot
0-3 this season against us this season buddy
Pittsburgh is not a Canadian team.
Seguin for me.
lol didn’t take long for people to start bitching about anything they could
Hey if you hate the shadows so much and the camera angle is making you sick, just turn it off and stop your bitching
I can see everything fine.
I do! I love how they do unique stuff like this for unique games like the winter classic
Good luck today rags
Then stop watching it.
He does
It wasn’t even very buggy at release
Witcher 3 lol
It’d be kinda neat. I had an awesome 1v1 battle with a guy. My Yoda to his Palpatine, no one was near us and we must’ve been fighting for a good minute or two
Yes. They did a lot of things really poorly which a shame because the game itself is great.
Fucking Russia, man.
I was kind of cheering for Russia because I thought it might be funny if America got knocked out early at home but after that hit.. I hope the Americans absolutely fucking destroy the Russians.
Hellu
It’s so weird having people think we’re good
Dude I am trying to get better. You think I like getting wrecked every match?
lol Avs fans defending that shit
Dude it’s a fucking penalty. Are you kidding me? Did you think that wasn’t a penalty
Buffs getting his first goal tonight. Just watch
He was complaining about an obvious penalty. I really don’t see why you’re being such a dick about it
The map dispercment is so fucked up, I’ve had the game for over a week and played daily and I haven’t played Craig yet. I play almost exclusively GA
Does PTFO stand for *play the fucking objective*?
Oh this is really helpful, thanks
That’s not what he said.
Had that happen to me too lol. A Corvette jumped in and t-boned me.
Try spinning, that’s a good trick.
Brilliant, but as a resistance fighter myself, screw you.
So apparently the maps run in a rotation, they’ll always be in the same order. Crait comes after Maz’s castle. I don’t know if this is true or not, but people were up voting a post that said so earlier
No, people are starting to get really sensitive.
Omg. Amazing.
EH BABY BABY! OOH AHH!
Dude. Rough.
having the tourney in NA is nice and all, but there is something to all the memories of watching gold medal games in packed bars at 5am
I honestly don’t remember locations, I also might be confusing some Olympics games with that as well. But I do remember ordering breakfast and beer at a weird old times bar in Winnipeg while watching Canada play for gold
LOL
I was looking at some lower bowl tickets that were nearly or over $200 American
Makes sense, that’d be 7 for me and we drank all night and all morning for that
Jets Vs you and Canada gold medal, I feel ya
Good luck Sweden. Y’all are great.
Dude trying being 25 doing the same, substitute the cake for Rye though
Ugh. Fuck you and all your cups.
I actually like that *play less nice* Nike ad
What a fucking game
That’s not Tomlinson..
No, this is Tomlinson
HENDO SUCK IT OILERS
A hook, sure, maybe. But what a dive
But they weren’t in town for that..
Dragon Age: Inquisition. Witcher 3.
Ouch
Oh that’s easy. Shitting on Leafs generates upvotes. r/hockey is a giant circle jerk quite often.
I want Kadri. He is so awesome.
Bogo too
Ehlers is so neat
Come on already. That’s a penalty
lol lehner
WOOOHOO.
Fuck that fucking Nolan loser. What a shit head.
10 minute misconduct. He also assualted an injured player that had* his head down.
No. A game misconduct is a game misconduct
lol kane
Posting this does nothing
Feels like never
Probably not. We’ve heard nothing lately so I wouldn’t be shocked to see another delay or cancellation
Hey! They figured out we want games
Really hard to make that call on Stanley already.
It wasn’t that bad, Ehlers and Nylander were taken later in the 1st.
Yeah, I just meant later as in after 5th
Probably Ben Bishop
well fuck
Tooobbbyyy
Heh
Dibs cat
ARE YOU FUCKING FUCKED
This a big kill boys
Man that double puck over glass game was brutal
Maybe we’ll get oilers* Dub in the second
Ever been drunk before you go out drinking? Imma regret this night
Literally no idea. Other than we get our week break after this game and Helle is da man
Yeah totally but the entire central is fucking terrifying reguardless of current position
&gt; basically
25 here. Am I in real the magic grey area?
Don’t wanna wait 7 days right after back to back luze
I like it
They told they would try to do weekly updates, it’s been a month.. this patch has to be huge
Everyone should prepare for disappointment, I don’t expect this patch to do nearly as much as other people seem to think it will.
It’s really strange that they didn’t give us the patch notes
it’s r/hockey.. If a leaf says something remotely good about the leafs, they get downvoted.
I told you it’d be pretty minor. The balancing tweaks are nice but that’s pretty much all they did.
EA and DICE don’t care about gamers. This is pretty much the bare minimum they could have done.
Chia is hilarious. It takes a special kind of stupid to totally fuck up a team that got gifted Connor Mcdavid
The only real thing I could see Chevy doing would be for Morgan Riley
So say we all
I’ll likely get it, I’m excited but I will not preorder it. Game Devs and Publishers have to earn my trust back at this point.
I know, I’m so disappointed. I’ve been looking forward to this game for ages but I’m done buying broken buggy games, I’ll be waiting for reviews and streams.
You didn’t watch the game did you?
Based on the Hall trade, all it would take for chia to move Mcdavid would be a Larsson clone, a top end c prospect, a good w prospect and a good draft pick or two.
Wat
We’ve been hearing this kind of talk for years. I realize we’re finally getting crackdown* 3 and sea of theives this year but we know if nothing else in the works officially. It sounds like the fable game only just started production which means that is easily another 2-4 years away.
It’s less about wanting exclusives for me and more about wishing games like horizon zero dawn, spider man, last of us, FF games etc were on Xbox.
People understand good games take time, but it seems like Xbox only very recently decided to invest in first party games.. which is weird
PUBG, Cuphead, ReCore, Sunset Overdrive and then obviously the Halo games and Gears of War games are pretty much the only games worth looking at that aren’t on PS4.
The player base might be small (I honestly don’t know) But I rarely have much trouble finding a match, that being said, a lot of people playing are really fucking good but damn it’s a fun game with some really neat world map aspects to the pvp campaigns. If money isn’t an issue, get it. If it is,get it on sale. It’s pretty fun game.
lol I called it. We’re going to have to buy a new Xbox console before any of this “investing in games” shit comes to fruition. Sincerely unimpressed. Edit: downvote me all you like but Xbox has proven their main concerns are hardware, games as a service and peddling the Xbox as multimedia platform.
lol
Oilers because Chia is pretty much just giving away stars and picks at this point.
Okay.
lol a fucking shitty contest? what idiots are in charge of their marketing? Also, is this game super broken because it’s slated to be released in a few months and we haven’t really seen any gameplay
This is coming to Xbox?
gg Flames. You automatically win
Fable isn’t even officially announced to be in production and furthmore that game will only be coming around the time of next generation. Xbox has the more powerful console, they have BC, they have services like game pass and yet Playststion outsells then 2:1. Sony doesn’t have any of those things? If like you say consumers have proven that games don’t matter, why is PlayStation crushing Xbox despite Xbox having all those features that PlayStation doesn’t have? Also Gears, Forza and Halo are all on their 4th, 10th and 7th games. Franchise fatigue is a real thing
While I agree with your point that Microsoft is focused on multiplayer not single player, I don’t personally feel an absolute need for more mature games. I’d just like Microsoft to show some initiative on single player rpgs, if they don’t prove that before the next gen. I’m going to PlayStation. I’ve been on Xbox since OG day one, but brand loyalty only goes so far. Microsoft’s primary interest seem to be hardware, games as a service and multimedia...not single player games.
I mean.. that’s pretty much what I just said,but ok.
lol fucking refs
Remember that other time Boston passed on Connor?
lol
I thought it was infinite universes
Hah. Good luck with that
I hate our division so much.
Holy crap. That’s amazing.
Ehh. I get that they were set up, but comments like *”their hotels are questionable”* and *”I don’t even know if they have WiFi”* are begging to be written about.
*”Mr. Trump”* *”Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau”*. Could you be any more blatantly bias? That being said, as a Canadian I hope this proves that we don’t need the states as much as it seems like we do for trade, this forcing the Americans to keep with the current NAFTA.
Well actually he kinda does
I LOVE YOU
I honestly thought we were friends..
AH yes, that 7-D underwater trump backgammon
Okay so I’m already drunk because it’s like 10pm here Soooo, I’m sorry if I get belligerent or whatever
lol
Dude. Jan and Feb are the fucking worst
Only most of the time
Atta’boy Dennis.
Captain wheeler learning from caltain ladd
Fuck sakes boys. We don’t deserve this game so far.
Your mom sure is tho
Man of Glass Master Mirror Sir Save
Oh Jesus idk. Game thread vs Jets.
Haven’t you heard? They’re kinda trash at that lately
Friedman sorta reminds me of Kal Penn, especially from his role in Designated Survivor.
I need some help. I cannot decide which player to get stiched on my leafs jersey. Marner or Matthews.. help? Edit: y’all no help at all
That tall tower and the acc are neat from a touristy perspective
“I’m calling the cops and you’re gonna get charged with sexual harassment because you called a minor a twat.. enjoy 1-5 years in prison, twat.”
Prep for riot..
Beleaf*
REEEEE
Mkay lez go leaf bros. Let’s get some neat Marner shit going
Well I mean those last two are a bit exaggerated Edit: serisouly guys, dudes a wife beater but I’ve neevr seen any proof to the others
I hope it linked properly.. he said we weren’t friends and didn’t belive me when I said he said it
NAZ
God ducking damnit
The NHL is ridiculous, obviously they’re not bias for the hawks because that’s insane but what the fucking fuck
Thats not a goal based on previous calls this year. There’s some serious hawks bias going on.
Bill is actually used (for some reason) as a short for William. Is that the same with rick/Erik?
Age of Empires, LOTR Battle for Middle Earth, Star Wars Empire at War... so some rts games
You’re a monster.
Love this Laine kid
You forgot a couple vowels there bud.
Good god man, spend the extra $3 and get anything else
If you head to their brewery they’ll fill it up for for like a toonie or some shit.
Go to bed
It did. Everyone’s just being a bitch.
Wut. Matty elbowed gibby in the head..
U weird
I’d be happy with no west coast teams tbh. Fricken 9pm starts man.
Fuck this fucking Gibson guy and all his save
Funny. I was doing some repairs and just superglued my fingers together
Jesus, I initially read “Tuesday” and got super sad.
So say we all
Ya but Ros is neat and super ahl man.
OH MY GOD. Dude just mentioned sandwiches and it reminded of something that really grinds my gears. There is no such thing as a fucking open faced sandwich.. it’s jsut a shitty pizza or flatbread type thing. Open faced sandwich, ridiculous.
lol the poor dude has to go
Deal
It’s like goalie interference. More of a fucking mystery than creation itself
I’d be an alright King, I think. Like I probably wouldn’t be the best king ever but I also probably wouldn’t be the worst.
Well there were a large number that were proper insane so those hardly count
THATS FRIGGEN INTERFERNCE HE DIDNT HAVE THE PUCK AND GOT LEVEELD
God damn already.
I hope we win
My head hurts
I bought a lamp from ikea and you wouldn’t belive the fucking weird ass one in a god damn million obscure Swedish lightbulbs it uses
IT IS!
You’re probably looking for the higher voltage if it’s your ceiling light.
Any Peggers going to Letterkenny live at the Burt?
LetterKenny is a Canadian stereotype tv show. It’s friggen hilarious
lol no highstick call Give me a ducking break
Depends. Is she real?
I’d fairly similar in that idea yeah
Oh now Buffs gone? Fricken refs man
Fuck the fucking duck sucking fucking refs
CALL IT BACK FOR NOTHING I FUCKING DARENYOU REFS
LOL
lol kase sold that
LOL. They’re chanting Ref you suck... really
He was already on his knees, yes Got cross checked, yes Exaggerated the hit a bit? Yes
Seems unlikely but go ahead and believe that
sorry about gibby
Obviously you didn’t watch it.
Some penalties are automatic like high sticking and tripping and others are open for interpretation like goalie interference and most checking infractions.
Ehh. Puck bounced. I call that unlucky.
Well we good at ot now right?
Friggen Cali, man.
Laine drags us down a bunch
I hate opposing team possession in OT
It’s so stressful
Interference but whatever
This might be good for us actually
Fricken Getzlaf. What kind of man can’t even grow his own hair? Come on!
Ah yes, the daily *”the central is fucking good”* post
Canadian here. There’s a cost. Nearly 50% income tax across the board along with ridiculously slow and often subbar service in hospitals.
That was just a rumor, looks like it was wrong.
URAHOSER
About that..
WHy
Idk why r/hockey jerks off to shitting on announcers all the time
Did you know? A jets scout was the only one at a game Hellebuyck was in and he wasn’t even there to scout Hellebuyck but he was impressed by the goalie and told our head scout about him to which he replied “well.. go watch him play some more”
Obviously not
Maybe I should just move to Florida where it’s alwyas not cold
Well all the other southern states irritate me. Maybe Noth Carolina, I love Charlotte
Mostly it all goes to charity, but 5k is some decent money reguardless of your income
I hate you
Dude good luck falling asleep for real
Surely that should be up to the gamer to decide
lol you’re lame.
pfft all Mcdavid has is his speed, dudes overrated
lol still bitching about kid rock?
I would be so excited
Oh yeah he fricken quick
Seems like an unrealistic comparison
Because he’s been idolized as a saint.
Jesus Christ, people. Not literally everyone is a super racist.
Pirates of the Caribbean for OG Xbox by Bethesda is so criminally underrated
Deadlock is already out, the broken alliance is a dlc, or standalone addition. Not sure which.
Reaves and McNabb should be suspended. This is a disgrace
*”don’t dehumanize people”* Proceeds to dehumanize conservatives
YOUR SISTERS HOT
My friend folded rockets pre flop lol
People go to prison because they break the law, not because they are minorities.
This is fun. I’m sure everyone is having a lot of fun right now.
Neat
God, why do ‘famous’ people insist on naming their kids ridiculous names like Onyx and Ever? Like what the fuck.
I think probably the most fascinating thing about the modern left for me, is their complete and utter lack of knowledge in history.
Yeah, fuck it, I’m in
Twitch or many youtubers stream it, like the rooster teeth guys and stuff
I think ea got a bit hurt by going first, there will surely be ea titles premiered during the Xbox or Sony conference
Shadow too
Okay this has been a freaking awesome conference
God you people are so miserable
All in all I was thrilled with it, pretty bummed out that there wasn’t any fable though.
I thought it was actually fantastic. I really wish they would’ve shown some fable though
DAE GAMES!?!
Rage 2 looks awesome
Legends is actually pretty good folks
The Rage trailer was awesome, but these pst two haven’t been great.
I’ll buy it because it looks fucking awesome.
People jump into games mid series all the time.
Meh, many people on this are just here to downvote and bitch sonits really not hugely surprising
I don’t get how people still fuck this shit up. E3 is now more about being a showcase, not a performance... apparently not to Sony though.
It’s gotta be last of us
Yeah that sort of seems like a mistake
I think Microsoft, Bethesda and Ubisoft all had a good hybrid of performance and gaming showcase, I get that some people didn’t like Squares but I thought it was fine. This however, is too much of a spectacle for me. I really just wanna see games and hear about features in those games.
15 Microsoft exclusives were showcased, that’s fairly significant
Hey guys, I found the 13 year old gamer. &gt; gaming is in such a bad place right now. Come on, there is more variety, quantity and far better games available than ever before.
Okay but that sub is pretty much r/politics so it’s no surprise
Really? That’s your assumption? You’re spare parts, bud.
No, he just enjoys a fucking game so he’s gonna buy it. God you people suck. Let people fucking enjoy the games they enjoy.
I mean.. you understand that literally every paid health care professional on earth profits off the sick.. right?
Big time for ESO. You wouldn’t really be hindered in any way without the DLC for a long time. I put 100 hours in before getting some DLC’s. Although the thieves guild and dark brotherhood dlcs are certainly worth getting early, but absolutely not necessary.
*allegedly*
I heard it was a sick ostrich.
No, thank you!
With the fallout 76 announcement I’ve been getting back into fallout 4, man that game is fantastic.
lol that’s ridiculous
You are fake news. Edit: but folks. This person doesn’t want more threads about this, so their post is literally fake news:(
OH god
I get that it’s sarcasm, it doesn’t make the statement any less dishonest.
Fuck EA..right?
Thank you so much friend, I’ll try that.
TyMy is fucking sweet. He’s just hurt a lot.
Teams make trades within their division all the time and if OTT is rebuilding, the Panthers being good immediately doesn’t much matter anyways
He knows way the fuck more than you and more than most people in the hockey media world
This sub is so fucking ridiculous. *”oh leafs flair? I downvote hurhurhur”*
I guess it depends lots on the year, but you gotta figure around 10 should do it.
Dibs
That sort of team would be so good. You could run the season 100 times and a team like that would be winning 85% of the time.
Oh how the turn tables
The trade rumors are usually all true, but deals are hard to nail down so many don’t amount to anything.
Lame
It has a massive overhaul to scouting in franchise mode, so that’s awesome
No way in hell Engellend deserved that win. He won because he’s from Vegas, it’s a new team and because of the shooting.
I think i remember Oilers fans talking about how it’s actually a good trade and they preferred Larson over Hall anyways..
I’ve seen many people get ripped apart for being ‘racist’ on Reddit when using “black”.
I’m pretty sure he does because my gameshare friend can use all my gamepass games and mhm gold subscription.
So this is pretty much would the Avs prefer the Sens pick this year or next year? If I’m the Avs I’d take this years pick.
Nice.
I have.
Well there’s a slight benefit. You can sign for 8 years with your team and only for 7 years with a new team.
Meh. If the people and players of Humboldt are happy about this, that’s all that matters to me.
People just love to bitch about everything, that’s all.
Rick Dudley is a turd.
DAE TRADEZ!?!
they’re tyrants
Classy fucken dallas
Well he sure does but I’m mainly questioning what OP defines as an analyst because I’d rank Marek higher if he counts. Just my opinion though.
FIFA really wants Germany to win. It’s 13 minutes and the corruption is obvious.
This organization is so corrupt, which is a damn shame because I love the sport and this tournament.
Bozak would probably be the best center on the Habs
Everyone here think bozak completely blows, the dude is decent and who knows, maybe witha new team and line mates he good step up his game again
If he doesn’t sign with the Isles, I really hope he signs with the Leafs.
u/Tarquinn11 (awesome name) is correct, I very much like the Leafs.
NOOO not Nashville. Not dallas. Fuck this division
I mean, they’d obviously be awful. I don’t.. I don’t understand how this is a real question, like Evan for shit posting, this is rough.
Everything is fine.
lol wtf @ the first point. Is that a real theory?
I’ve twice in a row predicted the Leafs first round draft pick. Edit: for the Jets I have not been so lucky Edit 2: it was Liljegren and Sandin. Matthews doesn’t count.
BECAUSE HES DA BEST JET. don’t fuck wit our petan
Oh nice! There’s another one!!
Not exactly. The Jets aren’t in on Tavares but they’re in on Statsny big time. Just gotta clear space.
Except Tavares wouldn’t go for it, what if he gets injured or has a terrible season? That would hurt his next contract.
Lol, people like you are more insufferable. The amount of shit the Leafs get from this sub is ridiculous
Thanks, friend.
He’s just gonna wait until July 1 and then sign back with Isles, just like dumb no fun Stamkos
So is that dude on Reddit actually him? Or just some novelty account?
Matty P.
It’s a different type of sport, personally I love it.
Good for Gary, he deserves it.
I think odds go like this. Isles - Sharks - Leafs. I really hope he goes to the Leafs, not just because I like them, but because I’d much prefer JT to stay in the east
Honestly I’ve played these games every year since 96 and despite what people say, NHL 18 is the best game yet. With the exception of some GM mode features in the 2k games. There are so many settings you can tinker with to make it more arcadey if you’d like. **Edit:** additionally, just play it, you’ll get used to the style and controls quite quickly, I’m almost positive that once you’re used to it, you’ll love it.
So the Leafs are fucked?
Seems unlikely
Eh. The trade deadline and FA shows get ridiculous ratings, so obviously there’s quite a number of people interested in t.
He had a pretty rough year though
I’d try to line it up with my honetowns annual fair. It takes place on a weekend and on all of the Main Street, the whole town is out along with lots of people from out of town. Then everyone from home and all my neighbors and stuff could see the cup
EVERYTHING IS AWESOME WHEN YOURE PART OF A TEAM!!
I’m excited to see Kristen Vesa*laine*n get a shot.
And hopefully, 1 Stanley Cup.
Big time bud. I think he lead all defensemen in scoring as a rookie in the AHL.
It’s just a bunch of things that would’ve been somewhat minor on their own but with everything happening at once it’s a shit show. Also, Melnyk isn’t super hands on, he just doesn’t want to spend a bunch of money on player salary because they can’t compete for a cup and even when they made it deep, fans aren’t showing up. Edit: less fans = less money. Downvote all you want, but thems the facts
Actually there is something to that. Players and goalies will say there’s something about a certain team or arena that they do very well or very poorly in. Louongo was recently talking about how he seems to struggle In Minnesota. Now, that information is only helpful for a decade or less because the players and teams change.
lol that’s awesome
Depends on state taxes I suppose but my friends cousin has been up in the nhl for a few games, he says that after all the deductions, you take home around 65%. I’m not sure how much it differs with those huge contracts because he’s just on a ELC.
Come on Dubas. I beleaf in you.
Ban this loser
No link to the tweet? You people are such losers.
Ban this loser too pls
Fake. You’re a loser. Ban him
You have no friends and your family hates you
Probably kulikov
Perrault is getting traded this year or in the offseason. Our cap situation and his play have made sure of it.
Dude. Honestly, just because someone isn’t Beyak doesn’t mean he’s “anti jets”. Every single different broadcaster we have hates the Jets according to you people.
Embellishment? Really? Little dove head first into the boards, risking a broken neck on purpose? Sounds likely.
St Laurent is reffing so it’s no surprise. He’s the ref the gave us 2 penalties after the bolts or whoever literally broke Little’s back.
Fuck that buck toothed French fuck.
I don’t wish anything ill upon St Laruent but if he broke both his legs, I wouldn’t care at all.
Hardest shot on the Jets
The Canucks sub put a lot of effort into tank memes a few years ago, booing is another level though
I love how passive aggressive Beyak is. *”Connor is tripped up, play goes on”* in a completely calm voice.
Dibs
The fuck is show blocked
What does that even mean
Dat Niku flow tho
Perraullt has got to be the weakest player in the NHL.
Hold onto your stick. It should never be slashing if someone is so weak that they can’t hold their stick.
I liked it last year when we were really really good. That was neat.
Lol
Why are we so shitty this year? Like what the heck changed?
I mean but seriously. Watch his interviews. He’s really weird.
Our 4th line has had a few rough games recently but they’re usually fine. I don’t love how Maurice gives the like 6 minutes every game.
Well exactly
Dude I’m a goalie. He’s another level
lol everyone always bitched about Buff, and now he’s gone and you guys miss him?
He’s not had more than a couple good games all year. He’s struggled severely, are you retarded?
Helle has one good season, signs a super sweet contract and then phones it in, apparently.
We’re running real thin with poolguy being injured
I think you folks think I don’t like or support Hellebuyck. He’s our guy, but he hasn’t played like he can and it’s hurting us
Same
No timeline
It was 3 on 10
I know, but it still bothers me
That was a pretty darn early* whistle imo
Winning a faceoff would be helpful at the moment
I really don’t think Perrault is as good as some people think he is. He used to be pretty good but over the last couple seasons he’s dropped off a lot.
EVERYONE LOVES LITTLW RIGHT
lol hank has accidentally knocked the net off 3 times tonight. They gotta start penalizing that
Hank is like Subban is for diving. He’s really a great player but damn he’s deliberately cheated 3 times tonight and got away with it each time.
Bets on Hank knocking the net off in OT?
Kinda surprised Hank went for the cover instead of bodychecking the post
BRICKS
Pls
YAAA
Wat
I wonder if in CHL trades they take into consideration how quickly that player will be jumping into the NHL.
Little has a full NMC, we have to protect him.
Wow, this guy absolutely hates the league and bettman, that article was just dripping with vitriol
Roslovic (F) Appleton (F) Little (F) or Comrie (G)
Fake icing. Pisa off
Not likely
Gary Bettman and the NHL aren’t huge Canada fans.
Everyone hates Wilson. Everyone would love Wilson on their team.
Come on OP, it was just sitting there for you
I wonder if Ladd and Little were holding Wheeler back. Wheeler exploded when he began to play with Schiefele and Ehlers/Connor.
That’s a penalty but it’s not a brutally dirty hit. It certainly doesn’t warrant a suspension, death or death of his family like some lunatic leaf fans are saying.
Neat. Maybe once the new arena is complete, we can host the World Jrs.
Which is kinda weird because Reeves is far more “goonish” than Hyman. Hyman is every team’s favorite “battle hard” type guy.
Favorite Villian is the main villain in the Witcher’s hearts of stone dlc.
Reporters today rarely care at all about the truth. They’re far more interested in clicks.
Fledgling Republic seems like a stretch, they literally became a European superpower overnight.
Depends on what you define as worse. Oppression, or death and mutilation in Wars.
I love Buff.
Rules is rules
I think we’d need about 1 person to cover that
Strome has been looking pretty good
I’m drunk. Soooo, there’s your answer
Literally no jets fans hate Helle. Some just weren’t pleased with some of his games
Lol
That Fredrick L’acawhatever guy is a piece of shit. He’s the one that called the ridiculous Nashville game we played.
Oh yeah, players risk breaking their necks by flopping head first into the boards.
He’d get suspended for 10 games and everyone would say he’s the dirtiest player of all time
We should be on the powerplay but no. Frederik has such a hate boner for the Jets. Researching him, he’s been demoted for long periods to the AHL, so it’s clear the league doesn’t think super highly of him either.
It’s not like it was just some missed high stick either, it was an incredibly dangerous hit
THE FRENCH PRINCE
I play goalie, it’s more like one of our weird quirks. Something to do, a sprits of water on the face as a sort of refresh or restart*
He’s an RFA. He doesn’t have a huge choice atm
I sure hope you don’t lose your team, bud
Oh shit he sold it I think
ITS THE MOTHER FLIPPEN BROSS-WALL
Lame
Please win this for Brossoit, guys.
Oh lol, neat. Hello, friend.
In the predominantly Russian KHL.
If you don’t want Kadri there are 30 other teams that would gladly take him off your hands.
I’ve played goalie all my life and obviously the level I play at isn’t even remotely close to the NHL, but the whole “teammate checks a player into me” thing almost never ever happens so I really don’t understand how it appears to be so common in the NHL
Their sub and presence on r/hockey was pretty disheartening a couple years back. I understand wanting a high draft pick but they took the tank to another level.
Good lord, read a book.
So often a goalie leaves his net, plays the puck and nothing goes wrong. Not only that, but they prevent the oppenent from possessing the puck in the offensive zone and potentially creating a scoring chance. When a goalie misplays the puck and the puck ends up in the back of the net it seems so easy to criticize, but 99 times out 100 Helle did the right thing there. Edited: spelling mistakes.
It’s out of charecter for me, I know.
I hope the jets win
Jesus, dude.
If LA and Anaheim could just suck forever while San Jose continues to be competitive, I’d be happy.
Awe man :(
OH MAN. World Jrs in a few days!!!
God, the video* Rooster Teeth podcast was awful for that for a while. Constantly telling Alexa to do shit for me.
I think he try’n to heckle
I actually love the oilers orange jerseys
I think “bad” is a ridiculous statement. Not as good as usual, would be more accurate to me.
What’s “cold weather” in San Jose? I’ve only really been to California in the summer.
OH man really? That’s a nice day 9 months out of the year here
Kane is probably a better fighter than Buff, though also likely not a spits strong so it’d be interesting
LOL
I’d recommend giving the Witcher another chance. I probably put 3-5 hours into it and just didn’t like it, went back a year later and couldn’t put it down.
Probably Morrowind.
I sarctically hope that was serious
I had this issue at one point, I did a factory reset and it solved it for me.
It was really just 2 games, scalebound and crackdown 3 (which after 5+ years somehow looks and feels like a 360 game)
Well ID sorta did
Ya demons bad
What if the owner was a rich black guy? Would it be ok then?
I agree with you actually, but it’s not a race thing.
That’s awful, and your positive attitude is admirable. You deserve better and you’ll find someone better.
I’d take Manning and a pretzel
Freddy the goat just isn’t panning out eh?
Sure, why not.
Oh I haven’t forgot.
Well, you guys are currently projected to be over the cap on capfriendly. Without signing any of your ufa or RFAs
They could add a time limit, like 10 minutes or something. They have something like that for the draft.
I like this list but Greenway and Vrana to me seem like a little bit more long shots. Like they’ll improve, but the amount they improve seems to me would be more likely to less than the others.
Doesn’t seem to have been a thing. At least not in the past 10 years.
Like fuck, I’d be thrilled to get Kyle Connor at 6mil x 8 And aho is better than him.
I’ve watched Myers for years, every game, and I’m obviously no scout, but to me, he’s absolutely fine. 7 is too much but 6 is fair.
Oh weird. My twitter search must have been a bit fucked then.
His main problem for fans is that he isn’t flashy, which makes people think less of him. When in reality most teams would love him as a second pairing D and some would take him at a first. I realize we rolled him on the third pair much of the time but that’s just because Trouba and Buff were ahead of him.
Uh no, the key peice for us was the first
In morrowind there was a loading screen that said “remember to save, you never know what’s around the corner”. You’d think that refers to enemies, but no, the damn game glitched and crashed constantly.
I see someone follows EA.
So clearly you’ve never been. The whole winter thing is always exaggerated. There’s maybe 2 months where it has the chance of getting really cold.
Eh, as long as this doesn’t drastically slow down the rate of information we get, that seems reasonable.
Oh yeah I didn’t realize you had it then. Sounds great then.
I don’t think 3 firsts is even a compensation option. It goes 2 1sts, a 2nd and 3rd. Then it goes to 4 1sts.
It’s not so much based on his age, but the years remaining on the contract.
Oh yeah, this dude explains it perfectly.
The poor guy just mixed up his 5’s and 3’s
It’s becase contracts were different then. You could sign a guy to a 21 million dollar deal over 3 years, but pay him 10, 10, 1 and have the cap hit your team gets mimic that.
This would never happen. He would somehow be on LTIR, but let’s play along. If this was the case, league has enforced it every time, so it’d be ridiculously special treatment if they didn’t. However, between now and then, there will be a new CBA, perhaps the rules will be changed slightly during those negations and I think the rules will be altered because surely the league knows about this possibility and knows Weber’s age, he’ll be 40/41 in his last year, almost no one makes it that far. I believe the rules will be changed then, excplictly to avoid this situation.
Pew pew.
I think the 4 firsts would actually be 10.6 x 5+ years. Okay downvoters, here ya go. https://www.google.ca/amp/s/www.pensionplanpuppets.com/platform/amp/2019/5/3/18528900/nhl-offer-sheet-compensation-for-next-season-contracts-rfa-point-rantanen-but-not-marner
First round picks are great, but not guarantees. It would be a very difficult pill to swallow, but I wouldn’t be surprised if a 4 firsts offer sheet (depending on price) actually worked out in the long run for a team acquiring Marner. Edit: by “long run” I mean a shot at or winning the cup in the next 1-5ish years.
Right?!
Oh so now r/hockey doesn’t even take Bob at his word? God, you people just know more than anybody else don’t you?
While I agree that the 2C thing is a stretch, I have no doubt ell easily be a top 9 winger and maybe even top 6. It really depends where the team decides to play him. As in wing, or centre
Man, what a rough signing that turned out to be
That’s just such bullshit. You can not like him, but if you really think being a keyboard warrior makes you smarter, your head is in the clouds
Friedman said on a podcast one time that just because a trade or something that was reportedly in the works doesn’t happen, it doesn’t mean what they reported was wrong. A trade or whatever could have been I’m the works but fell through because making trades in the NHL is difficult. It’s not like EA’s GM mode with trade difficulty set to easy..
And it’s on game pass. I just started it recently and I’m loving it, despite not liking shooters usually.
