I already did, several years ago. I do not have problems now. That said, their drivers also suck. In fact, the entire hardware market has shit drivers, something I do not understand. But the issues I have with NVIDIA drivers do not prevent me from playing games. I'm not fucking around for hours and hours with them, trying to get them to work.
&gt; For instance, I wouldn't put the inputs up front. I'm rather baffled as to why you did that in the first place. lol
No. I can understand technical glitches, mistakes, bugs. I cannot understand the NVIDIA/AMD drivers install being 400mb with no patch option. When you download those drivers, they're likely having you download every driver for every card at once, and then figuring out what you need locally. I cannot understand the UI being a cluster fuck. I cannot understand why it would take 60-120 seconds for the control panel to open. The only explanation for any of that UI horseshit is they hired someone from a temp agency as an afterthought to come in and write the customer facing potion of their software over a weekend. I do UI's for a living, I'm not even that good, and I could do a better job than they've done with both the AMD and NVIDIA control panels in under a week. It's a joke.
because they weren't written by AMD...
How about instead, we just get the fuck out of the middle east for once?
That's not how open source works bud. They're contributors to be sure, but it's a community effort.
&gt;Sorry but i dont believe that. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to give you the mistaken impression I gave a fuck what you believe. &gt;Never have i been in a state of mind to think i was a cat or any other creature. I've never been killed in a car accident, therefor it must not be possible. Sound logic you got there.
You'll be fine. :-) I've made a metric fuck-ton of mistakes in life and the mushroom incident ranks rather low on the list. At worst, you inconvenienced a couple of people for a few hours. It's in the past now, do your best to learn from the incident and move on with your life.
I called a lawyer. She said she could get a judgement against the guy, but it would cost me more than he owed me, and would likely never pay anyway. She also said that the parole officer had no obligation to speak to me at all, so I could call and see if they're be "Helpful" but if they weren't, there would be nothing I could do. They weren't...
Come over to my house. Give my kid a sprite and a chocolate bar. You will no longer doubt the theory. It's not a subtle effect.
At too weak of concentrations of have an effect. But ok, swap out the chocolate bar for a ringpop, same effect.
And their alternative is? As long as the democratic party demonizes pro-life candidates, the republicans own evangelicals. They can say/do whatever they want, as long as they don't support "Murdering babies" as the evangelicals see it.
1/20th man... my kid doesn't weigh 10lbs.
I used to work at a place that sold the tubing used for this stuff. It's **crazy** expensive. 20yrs ago when I was doing that, it was $100 for a single 90 degree elbow.
When we adopted our son, we had this crazy long flight back to the states. The last leg was from Turkey to Chicago, and they'd booked 2 seats together, and another further up by a window. So I ask the guy sitting next to my wife and new baby if he wants to switch with me so I can help her with the kid. He said "No, I like the isle seat so I can get off the plane faster" I just stared at him... it's like an 18hr flight, and he's worried about the last 5min of it. Ok. But then the lady sitting directly behind him stood up and said "Sir, I have an isle seat, do you want my seat? I can move up front" he looked super annoyed as he realized everyone sitting around him was giving him the dagger eyes, so he agreed. At this point in the story I should mention, when you do an international adoption, they send the families over in groups. So there were 12 families with 12 kids between the ages of 2 and 5. I should also mention that intestinal parasites like Giardia are so common in the 3rd world they're usually not even treated. The diets in those countries are so low calorie that it's not really a problem anyway... unless the kid is adopted by an ignorant terrified western couple desperately trying to bribe their clearly unhappy new family member with high carb western treats. The airline was well aware of this phenomenon and had booked all the children into the same section of the plane with extra attendants to deal with the inevitable horror that was about to unfold. Within a few hours pretty much all of the kids had explosive diarrhea. This dude who was so adamant about keeping his seat quickly realized his mistake as we filled the airlines trashbin with one parasite infested diaper after another. The kids were screaming bloody murder, the wives were in tears, the husbands were trying to dose both with benadryl, and themselves with cheap airline whisky. After we landed I wished him a good rest of his flight ;-) Both the wife and I started to get sick within a few days as well. Luckily we'd already secured a doctor that specialized in 3rd world diseases (my HMO just happened to have one on staff) and so we got him in the first week. The entire family, including dogs and cats got put on so many antibiotics we didn't poop right for months, but it worked.
If it shouldn't be public, the government shouldn't be collecting it.
You could have just googled it: https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/1536/text &gt; An Act to designate a human trafficking prevention coordinator and to expand the scope of activities authorized under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s outreach and education program to include human trafficking prevention activities, and for other purposes. &gt; &gt; Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, &gt; SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. &gt; &gt; This Act may be cited as the “Combating Human Trafficking in Commercial Vehicles Act”. &gt; &gt; SEC. 2. HUMAN TRAFFICKING PREVENTION COORDINATOR. &gt; &gt; The Secretary of Transportation shall designate an official within the Department of Transportation who shall— &gt; &gt; (1) coordinate human trafficking prevention efforts across modal administrations in the Department of Transportation and with other departments and agencies of the Federal Government; and &gt; &gt; (2) in coordinating such efforts, take into account the unique challenges of combating human trafficking within different transportation modes. &gt; &gt; SEC. 3. EXPANSION OF OUTREACH AND EDUCATION PROGRAM. &gt; &gt; Section 31110(c)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: “The program authorized under this subsection may support, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, the recognition, prevention, and reporting of human trafficking, while deferring to existing resources, as practicable.”. &gt; &gt; SEC. 4. EXPANSION OF COMMERCIAL DRIVER’S LICENSE FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. &gt; &gt; Section 31313(a)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— &gt; &gt; (1) in subparagraph (D), by striking “or” at the end; &gt; &gt; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (F); and &gt; &gt; (3) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: &gt; &gt; &gt; “(E) support, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, the recognition, prevention, and reporting of human trafficking; or”. &gt; &gt; SEC. 5. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON HUMAN TRAFFICKING. &gt; &gt; (a) Establishment.—The Secretary shall establish an advisory committee on human trafficking. &gt; &gt; (b) Membership.— &gt; &gt; (1) COMPOSITION.—The Committee shall be composed of not more than 15 external stakeholder members whose diverse experience and background enable them to provide balanced points of view with regard to carrying out the duties of the Committee. &gt; &gt; (2) SELECTION.—The Secretary shall appoint the external stakeholder members to the Committee, including representatives from— &gt; &gt; (A) trafficking advocacy organizations; &gt; &gt; (B) law enforcement; and &gt; &gt; (C) trucking, bus, rail, aviation, maritime, and port sectors, including industry and labor. &gt; &gt; (3) PERIODS OF APPOINTMENT.—Members shall be appointed for the life of the Committee. &gt; &gt; (4) VACANCIES.—A vacancy in the Committee shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made and shall not affect the powers or duties of the Committee. &gt; &gt; (5) COMPENSATION.—Committee members shall serve without compensation. &gt; &gt; (c) Authority.—Not later than 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish and appoint all members of the Committee. &gt; &gt; (d) Duties.— &gt; &gt; (1) RECOMMENDATIONS FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION.—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Committee shall make recommendations to the Secretary on actions the Department can take to help combat human trafficking, including the development and implementation of— &gt; &gt; (A) successful strategies for identifying and reporting instances of human trafficking; and &gt; &gt; (B) recommendations for administrative or legislative changes necessary to use programs, properties, or other resources owned, operated, or funded by the Department to combat human trafficking. &gt; &gt; (2) BEST PRACTICES AND RECOMMENDATIONS.— &gt; &gt; (A) IN GENERAL.—The Committee shall develop recommended best practices for States and State and local transportation stakeholders to follow in combating human trafficking. &gt; &gt; (B) DEVELOPMENT.—The best practices shall be based on multidisciplinary research and promising, evidence-based models and programs. &gt; &gt; (C) CONTENT.—The best practices shall be user-friendly, incorporate the most up-to-date technology, and include the following: &gt; &gt; (i) Sample training materials. &gt; &gt; (ii) Strategies to identify victims. &gt; &gt; (iii) Sample protocols and recommendations, including— &gt; &gt; (I) strategies to collect, document, and share data across systems and agencies; &gt; &gt; (II) strategies to help agencies better understand the types of trafficking involved, the scope of the problem, and the degree of victim interaction with multiple systems; and &gt; &gt; (III) strategies to identify effective pathways for State agencies to utilize their position in educating critical stakeholder groups and assisting victims. &gt; &gt; (D) INFORMING STATES OF BEST PRACTICES.—The Secretary shall ensure that State Governors and State departments of transportation are notified of the best practices and recommendations. &gt; &gt; (e) Reports.—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— &gt; &gt; (1) submit a report on the actions of the Committee described in subsection (d) to— &gt; &gt; (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and &gt; &gt; (B) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and &gt; &gt; (2) make the report under paragraph (1) publicly available both physically and online. &gt; &gt; (f) Definitions.—In this section: &gt; &gt; (1) COMMITTEE.—The term “Committee” means the Department of Transportation Advisory Committee on Human Trafficking established under subsection (a). &gt; &gt; (2) HUMAN TRAFFICKING.—The term “human trafficking” means an act or practice described in paragraph (9) or paragraph (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). &gt; &gt; (3) SECRETARY.—The term “Secretary” means the Secretary of Transportation. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; Speaker of the House of Representatives &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; Vice President of the United States and President of the Senate &gt;
The solution there would be to not let the *government* collect them.
But they already do. Your name and address are easily obtainable through public records requests. When the government has this sort of information but we pretend it's not public, the government gets to decide *who* gets easy access to that information. If it's all easily accessed then we can all see what's being collected about us and pitch a fit about it.
Right. But I'd go further and say that the government collects a lot of information, and that information may or may not be used. But the only people with easy access to it are our politicians. How trustworthy do you think politicians are?
Why does the *government* need to collect any of that information? regardless of your political affiliation, if you do a short mental exercise of "Ok, the government is no longer allowed to retain this sort of information" you'll quickly realize it's entirely do-able. With Medicare/Medicaid for example, the solution is fairly simple, a single payer system, audited by a 3rd party. The government has no need to have access to your private medical data if they're simply paying a hospital bill. Your doctor keeps your medical records, and a 3rd party auditing firm checks to make sure billing is accurate. The government never needs to see any of it. If you're conservative then the answer is, of course, "The government shouldn't even be involved in healthcare!!" etc...
This is like a Monty Python skit. They read half the title of an article, didn't read the actual article, made completely incorrect assumptions about it's content and are now ready to dress in black, start throwing rocks and charge police barricades. It's great.
With no supporting evidence or even an argument? You're literally saying "That sounds hard! You're dumb!" It's been such a great debate.
Producers are just as scummy as the Record labels. They're ripping each other off? Oh well.
I'm getting downvoted because Reddits filled with morons that want to pretend that pots not only safe my probably the cure for cancer. They're just as ridiculous as Jeff Sessions.
Actually, wood is often surprisingly safer than plastic. Rather than go into detail myself, you can read about it based on university research here: http://faculty.vetmed.ucdavis.edu/faculty/docliver/Research/cuttingboard.htm
Great lesson, well thought out. But lose the hipster hat and embrace the bald. You're not fooling anyone. ;-p
Commercial dishwashers get up to around 150F just like home dishwashers. The only difference is capacity. Your typical water heater isn't going to be able to provide enough hot water to get a commercial washer going for the volume of dishes it has to deal with, so commercial washers have their own on-board water heating. It doesn't make the water *hotter* it just makes *more hot water* so the dish washer only requires cold water. If dishwashers used water that was much hotter, it'd turn to steam and wouldn't clean anything. There might be some special application machines out there, but they'd be a-typical. Most of the restaurants I worked in during college still washed dishes by hand. As far as chemicals go... using anything more caustic would be dangerous in it's own right.
Check the other universities in your area, there are many.
Reminds me of [True level](https://youtu.be/w-wbWGwZ7_k?t=18)
Responsible people? I would totally do this, that's why the ruse worked.
Currently you have to type in a private server ip to connect. But they're currently all on the same domain on different ports. Monetizeble? They're not. My guess is bigger servers will collect donations. I *hope* we can eventually run them on our own equipment.
Those are very specialized bacteria that feed off of sulfur, they don't make humans sick. And even they aren't living in the actual boiling water. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermophile There are some very rare examples of bacteria surviving boiling temperatures, but again, these are not bacteria that would harm you. There are no human pathogens that can survive boiling water.
If you're from NC, you know what's really going on. His still is in the middle of that 7000 acres.
I think you might have better luck in the official forums: https://www.legendsofaria.com/forums/categories/custom-content
I own this one... and this one... and this one... and this one...
So expensive, and terrible. You might as well put in your earbuds and listen to her album off pandora... it would sound better. I do not understand why people like pop music.
You *wouldn't believe* all the crazy places I've found nipples.
Cool, that's promising!
My R.A. In college had MS, was almost completely disabled and had one of those chairs with a joystick. I do not know all the specifics of the incident but she was cited for "DUI" one night when her friends took her out drinking. https://wheelchairtravel.org/drinking-power-wheelchairs-dui/ The campus police made a lot of bad press with that one. Students were heckling them down town for the rest of the school year. Considering she had absolutely no way of moving without the chair, they were effectively fining her for drinking at all.
Yea, but can I do it in the park? I'm really trying to keep my guitar playing uncluttered. I can do the whole computer thing, I have the interface and everything... but I relax playing guitar. All that mess isn't what I want going on while I'm playing guitar. I do computers for a living so... yea...
Sweet, thanks. I was kind of biased towards the form factor because I can also imagine using it to record family events, nature, etc...
On the bright side, there will be lawyers lining up for the civil suit. They might not end up in prison, but they'll be penniless by the end of the year.
Actually, that's a thing. Every once in a while a post pops up "I found this old military box in my grandpas closet after he died... what is all that stuff?" But generally people aren't too keen on injecting 100yr old heroine into their veins.
My understanding is the effect is much less substantial on consumer PCs. The real hit is on hypervisors. So yea, we might lose 5-10% but enterprise systems are the ones taking the 35% hit.
I'm a software developer and learned to knit a few years ago. The experience convinced me that most of modern computing is the direct result of pre-industrial womens contributions via Knitting/weaving. The patterns used to produce designs are programs. There's no other way to describe them. With the introduction of machines to mass produce this stuff, suddenly we had to mechanize those patterns... Here's a pattern: http://www.girlfromauntie.com/patterns/assets/simpleceltic_chart.gif and here's the key for understanding it: http://www.girlfromauntie.com/patterns/assets/simpleceltic_legend.gif Looks an awful lot like objects to me...
Read the judges ruling. She excoriated the prosecutor. It's kind of like that "Making a murder" documentary. After you watch it you're left feeling angry at the government. Not because you think Avery is innocent... but because he's probably guilty and any chance they had to really prove it was lost by a crappy prosecution. i.e. They wrongfully convicted a guilty man. At first, that seems ok... but then you think: "Wait, if they could do that to him... they could do it to me..." and you start to realize just how uncool that is.
I call it "The unreliable narrator" rule. Users don't just lie... they're often mistaken, misunderstand what you're asking, etc... Don't ask them if they've rebooted... reboot for them. Don't ask them if they have .net 3.5 installed, install it for them.
Back when Everquest 2 came out, I decided to make a female toon... which at the time was not normal at all. I had guildmates asking me if I was Trans or Gay... I'm like "No, but given the 3rd person view in this game I'd prefer to see a females but rather than a dudes all night long. Well, men that didn't know me assumed my character was being played by a woman. I got hit on constantly... to the point that I got all kinds of really rare, really expensive shit. It became a running gag in my guild... everyone would want to know what I'd scored most recently.
They would have had an equal chance of their investment evaporating in that time. Bitcoing is **extremely** volatile.
I never said they didn't. I'm saying there's plenty of reasons they can be wrong that have nothing to do with dishonesty. If I go work on my mothers computer, she's my mother, she's not going to lie to me. But I **still** don't trust what she's telling me. Because she has no idea what the fuck she's talking about.
You're assuming everything we're hearing isn't propaganda. The entire failure may very well be bullshit, as well as the price tag. Who knows what the truth is.
I don't know about this district, but in mine the average teacher wage is $58k. Our entire education system is screwed up. Compensation makes no sense. A teacher than spends her free time getting her masters... which is 100% useless in the average classroom, gets a huge, **mandatory**, raise in most districts in this country. Meanwhile the teacher that uses their free-time to prepare lessons, work with students, and teach better, gets left behind making starting pay. Often administrators and the school board are completely incompetent and use their positions for financial advantage, or to make political maneuvers rather than actually try and educate the kids. After my kid started school and I got involved in trying to improve things, I was astonished at how terrible the system was. I don't agree with either political party on this, it's a complete mess. There are teachers that try and are really invested in the system, but both parties punish those sorts of teachers in different ways. The only teachers that are rewarded are the one's that tow the political line of one of the 2 parties.
Who says it even went into orbit? The entire payload could have been a ruse, meanwhile they're landing some sort of electronics payload in North Korea.
Having a disease they know so little about is great fun, let me tell you. Half the doctors I meet treat me like I just walk in their office with a pink unicorn. They just kind of look away and pretend I don't exist.
If you're at all able to write the referral for the brain implant that'd likely fix me, I'll go catch a pink unicorn asap.
My first harddrive was $200 and 20mb
Yea, mines in my ventricle, so if they do have to remove it, it's not so bad. I wish you all the luck. People just don't understand how devastating brain disease are. Liver cancer sucks... it kills you... but at least it kills **you.** Brain disease change who you are... that's an entirely different level of loss I think most people just don't get.
OMFG We can finally return to Amiga hardware?!?!
Do what the helicopter linemen do... Attach a tether. If it's just a quadracopter then dangle a flexible piece of wire (guitar string?) underneath it and let it drag along the ground... or tether it to a wire you can follow.
Of course he was, and it was hilarious.
Except the democrats don't control enough state legislatures to actually pull off what the republicans have. Trying to argue about degrees of corruption is a bit silly. "Well my guy did it, but not quite as bad as your guy" Both parties are corrupt, and a SCOTUS ruling against the behavior is desperately needed.
Right, so just so you know how I found out I had dystonia... I had the surgery for the Nissen Fundoplication and when I woke up my head was pinned to my shoulder and I had crazy neck pain. They maxed out my dose of morphine and it didn't help. I went home in pain, and after about a month I could lift my head ok but I had crazy headaches. So I went into a Neurologist and she said "Your neck feels really stiff" and I explained that my head was crooked, it'd always been crooked, you can even see it in my drivers license, but after the surgery it got a lot worse all of a sudden. She took a step back and looked at me "Oh... you have dystonia" Dozens of doctors before her had seen my crooked head, and I'd complained about it, but none of them had ever heard of Dystonia. Even my GP who I consider one of the best doctors I've had, and is fresh out of medical school. After I got home and did some reading, I found out that there are a lot of anecdotal incidents of people with dystonia getting a lot worse after general anesthesia. Basically my symptoms weren't bad enough until the surgery triggered them to get me in to see someone that had even heard of the disease. The most common form of dystonia is "Cervical Dystonia" which means messages from my brain aren't getting to my neck correctly so the muscles constantly pull. So one way you can check is look to see if your head is crooked in the mirror. Mine has a noticeable 20 degree tilt to one side. If I feel in my neck there are muscles that are clearly pulling to one side. Dystonia can, however, affect any muscle group in the body. So some people have twister arms, torso, legs, you name it.
Nope, but you can read about their gerrymandering efforts in Maryland here: https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/06/how-deep-blue-maryland-shows-redistricting-is-broken/531492/
Woh now, this is Reddit, how dare you bring facts in here just when we're getting our pitchforks out.
He's trying to make up for Windows ME. It's still not enough Bill.
A speed square is a great device for quick and dirty measurements. They're not accurate *at all* but are good enough for framing a house, etc... If you're framing a house, you just need the joists to be generally strait up and down. If you're off by half an inch at the top or bottom, it's not a big deal. But for building furnature? You shouldn't be off by more than a 1/32... or even less. And then we get to the point that the square wasn't long enough. That's an entirely separate issue. I'm not even sure why he used the square at all, he was effectively free-handing the cut. This video was of a person that knows nothing about woodworking, pretending like he does. It's disappointing that there are people like this on Youtube... that are sponsored even!
I honestly have no idea what I have. My view of CFS is that it's likely an entire collection of as of yet undiscovered ailments that manifest with similar symptoms.
From the point of view of a person falling in, they would cross the horizon without much fuss as you say... but they as they crossed the horizon they would approach the speed of light and watch time speed up to infinity behind them.
&gt; As a consumer, there is an aspect to it that feels exploitative. I've a neurodegenerative disorder that gives me tinnitus, motor-function issues, tremor, etc... I've been playing guitar for almost 30 years and while yes, it does affect my playing, playing guitar seems to help. I think I'd be much worse without that daily exercise. So I wouldn't feel like you're exploiting him, I'd suggest looking at it like you're cheering him on through his physical therapy.
That depends on your country. In the united states it's illegal to circumvent the security/encryption of such a device. So **all** emulation is effectively illegal. Just like jail-breaking your phone is technically illegal. I've never heard of this law being enforced though.
Base on my extensive research on snakes (I watched porkies) he's waiting in your toilet for you to sit on it.
https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2015/10/28/2015-27212/exemption-to-prohibition-on-circumvention-of-copyright-protection-systems-for-access-control#h-17 &gt;Proposed Class 17: This proposed class would permit the jailbreaking of all-purpose mobile computing devices to allow the devices to run **lawfully acquired** software that is otherwise prevented from running, or to remove unwanted preinstalled software from the device. The category “all-purpose mobile computing device” includes all-purpose non-phone devices (such as the Apple iPod touch) and all-purpose tablets (such as the Apple iPad or the Google Nexus). **The category does not include specialized devices such as e-book readers or handheld gaming devices, or laptop or desktop computers.** Jail-breaking your phone is legal in a very narrowly defined set of circumstances. But there is no situation where unlocking the switch would be legal. That said, they aren't going to arrest you.
Serial killers are predominately white. They've been very few black serial killers. But that's more of a cultural thing than a race thing.
The problem is, the difference between sexual assault and normal foreplay is the unspoken willingness of the female. In our society, it's considered taboo for women to be open about this sort of thing, so the guy is left guessing. To the point that a woman will continue on with a date and even go home with the guy out of politeness. Misread the girl, you might end up in jail. I had an incident decades ago where I went on a double date and I was about to leave. Said "I had a nice evening" she said she did to. I went in for a kiss and she shouts "what the fuck?!" Shoves me away fairly violently. So I said "sorry, I misread that I guess" then the other guy comes charging in the room to save the day, it was really fucked up. She could have just turned her head and said "nope" but no, I was supposed to read her mind. From that point on I asked every girl I dated if it was ok before I kissed them the first time. **Many** women thought that was weird and specifically made a point to tell me that asking "ruins the moment" That's fucked up, the way men and women communicate needs to change.
Sweden is a whole different ballgame.
The range could be limited by other factors. The mars rovers were designed with a 2 year mission spec. They were capable of, and went well beyond that run time, but if you look at their specifications it says 2 years. Why do they list that? To show that it meets the spec that was ordered.
YouTube is where it's at for pretty much any educational programming. PBS eons, PBS spacetime, the great war, scholagladiatoria, etc... etc... Cable tv sucks
They are
I strait up had a co-worker tell me about her "Rape fantasy" once. I said "Stop right there... when you told be about that, was it your intention for me to fulfill that fantasy for you?" she laughed and said "No" to which I replied "Never tell a man about that fantasy again... I'm not kidding" If I'd been the wrong guy? Fuck.
The actual problem is leadership refuses to follow through. Start firing people for this sort of thing and they'll shape up pretty quick. As things stand, the worst that can happen to them is their boss tells them not to do it again (and then they do it anyway.)
Hate to say it, but they're not wrong. Look at all the coverage of Bill Clinton's impeachment. While the facts were true, they were horribly screwed by the press to create drama for the sake of ratings. The media discredited itself long before Trump came along... Trumps just the first to really effectively exploit the media's relatively bad reputation.
Nah, I've talked to a couple of lawyers in my life and they're more than willing to spend a few minutes discussing the merits of your case and weather it's worth your time to peruse it for free. I even had one send me a free cease and desist letter once, just because he agreed a big company threatening me were being dicks. It's worth a phone call.
Amiga
Send her to Reddit? This is like the most low impact activity there is, and lots of people to bitch at, or about depending on your mood.
Thats a good way to destroy your computer. There have been many attempts to create actual refrigerant systems for CPUs and GPUs and they all fail for the same reason. Just like taking a cold soda can out on a hot day, condensation forms rapidly... and I don't mean a little bit, I mean a **lot** which then runs down onto the motherboard. The few people who've gotten refrigerant systems to work in PCs have done so by coating the board in grease to repel the water that forms.
People are doing that for years. So I'm not sure which particular instance you're talking about, but yea, I've seen that.
It needs tiny little hands.
We are. And when he gets thrown out of office for reasons that have little to do with reality, because most of us are too fucking lazy to actually understand the issues and make rational arguments rather than debase our arguments with this good/evil bullshit, we all suffer. Because then those that argued Trump was "evil" will use the same logic to put their "good" politician into office, and just like the Trump supporters are doing now, ignore all of that persons fuckups because, how could they be wrong? They're good right? Good vrs Evil is the intellectual scourge of humanity.
Except it's not women's only here.
They only had 50 hives... to even call this a "business" is somewhat of a joke. They didn't have insurance because they didn't really have anything to insure. You can buy a hive for around $100-$150 depending on where you live. So this was a $5k+ loss to them. Granted, if the hives were well established, that has some value to, but if they order NUCs in the spring the new bees will harvest the old wax and use it so really, this isn't any sort of catastrophe. I'm not sure why it's even newsworthy. Around me, bears do a lot more damage than this. I'm not a beekeeper, but my next-door neighbor is, and I've several relatives that are farmers that keep them for pollination purposes.
Right, he only has to wait 4-5 years for his paycheck. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2017/02/17/back-pay-awarded-due-to-2013-government-shutdown/?utm_term=.f44674318371 **if** he's a federal employee. If he's a private contractor, then he's fucked.
I watched it the day it was released, and the only relevance it has to this conversation is that it's fairly clear you had no idea what the video was about while you watched it.
But I didn't say "Stop voting", I said "Stop voting for Republicans and Democrats." You do realize there are other parties right?
I had some rather major surgery about a year ago, and my 9yr old acted like he did even care what was going on... until we were in the hospital, I had my IV in and they were ready to wheel me back. Then he started getting really nervous and was a bit freaked out. The surgeon stopped in and asked "Ok, we're about ready. Do you need anything before we get started?" and I said "Yea, my kids freaking out..." and I pointed. She looked at him and laughed "Kid, you don't have anything to worry about. I'm the best there is. See you in a couple of hours!" and walked out. He felt better after that.
His statement remains correct. Your statement remains incorrect. &gt;Although active duty troops and Guard and Reservists on active duty orders are expected to show-up for work during a shutdown, they will not get paid unless Congress passes a separate piece of legislation to do so. Such a bill was awaiting action from the House and Senate Saturday. https://www.military.com/daily-news/2018/01/18/how-government-shutdown-would-impact-pay-benefits.html Quoting you: &gt;Quit your bullshit man. He shouldn't have to wonder if he's going to get paid at the end of the month. If he's got a mortgage, this is a very serious situation. You're not worried? Good for you.
I'm pretty sure any smoke at all is going to set off a smoke alarm.
Here's a how-to on something, but I left out the how-to part? Why bother making a how-to in the fist place? And what does this have to do with hacking? Anyways, for anyone wonder what the big secret is... here's your smoke bombs: http://springfieldfireworks.com/product-category/store/smoke-bombs-store/ and here's your igniter: https://www.amazon.com/Estes-Model-Rocket-Igniters-Pack/dp/B009EZS08G Cut the smoke bomb in half, dig out the stuff at the center, tape the igniter to it, apply voltage and there you go. You could also use firecrackers and such. And no, there's no way in hell that "Destroyed" the USB stick.
&gt;Hardware hacking is still hacking. He didn't "hack" any hardware in this. The post was "How to make a self destructing USB" and he specifically left out the only part of this that made it a "self destructing USB" so, yea.
I have to disagree with OP. I have wood stairs and I know what I'm talking about, I've been doing carpentry for over 25 years. I've fallen on my ass about a dozen times on those fucking stairs. Luckly my stairs lead to the garage/front door so going down them in socks isn't something I do frequently. But wood stairs from a bedroom area to a living room area would be a nightmare.
Toddlers are careless as well... buck fuck them right?
Well, in those photos I can see they've aerial power/cable/twisted pair. Against the house I can see a propane tank. So I can tell you that whatever they hit wasn't power, internet or gas. None of which should be buried shallow enough for them to hit with a garden shovel anyway. My guess is what they were talking about were law sprinklers, which are about the only "pipes" that should be that shallow.
Van Halen were with Warner Brothers for 35 years and switch to Columbia in 2010 or so. Those are both huge labels, and there are dozens of others than would snap them up in a heart beat. Van Halens last album was produced in 2012, sold 500,000 copies. Slayers last album was produced in 2015 and sold 50,000 copies. Slayer's a great band, and I'd much prefer to see them live than Van Halen, but Van Halen trounce them on popularity and profitability.
Led Zepplin were offered[ a **Billion** dollars](https://www.businessinsider.com.au/robert-plant-tore-up-a-near-1-billion-offer-from-richard-branson-to-reunite-led-zeppelin-2014-11) to do one more tour and turned it down. It's that kind of money that pulls the likes of The Rolling stones, AC/DC, Aerosmith, Kiss out of their nursing homes and back on stage. Slayer's not going to get any kind of offer like that.
Is "fucking fake" the kind of fake you see on Cinemax at 11pm?
Presidents have **nothing** to do with the economy. They have no ability to make it better, and at worst they can harm it by doing stupid shit. I refuse to give any president, Obama or Trump, credit for any of it. The economies doing well because of Good luck and near zero interest rates for the past 10 years.
In his defense, have you ever heard a sitting president admit fault in anything?
I know what Trumps goal is, but have you asked yourself, why are Chinese solar cells so cheap? Solar panels are actually fairly nasty to produce. Silver mining, glass production, etc... By buying cheap cells from China you're actually causing a lot of harm, so if there is a move to produce them inside the USA where they'll have to follow much stricter environmental regulations, I think that's a good thing.
I have a feeling that if shit really were to go down, everyone would tell him to shut the fuck up, and he'd go hide in his room.
I'm having a hard time believing someone that knew what they were doing actually posted to /r/DIY what's your angle OP?
I covered that in the "doing stupid shit" part of my comment.
In 20 years, when he's still working at a Quick-trip and wondering where his life went, remember to email him this pic.
It's not great, but it's structurally sound and not made out of used pallets. I'm ok with it.
Damn phone
I work for an ISP and used to work in the NOC. We've "remotes" all over the place, which are basically mini-buildings the size of a garden shed full of networking equipment. By far, the most heat alarms came from our remotes up the sides of mountains during winter. Because snow would pile up along the sides of the remote and on the roof an insulate it like an igloo. We'd have to send engineers out to prop the door open with a window fan and then shovel the snow off the roof and away from the building. These remotes would eventually have their entire roofs covered in commercial Air conditioners, with no more room for more, so we had to start looking for equipment that generated less heat and swapping it out because we just couldn't extract enough heat with the roof space we had available. Tell him he's lucky he only needs 1.
There are plenty of people that aren't that into politics that hear this sort of nonsense that might get confused about it. We need to remain well informed on all of this propaganda nonsense so we can valid arguments when we hear it in real life. Just shouting 'Russians!" every time something comes up harms our own credibility. We need real evidence from solid sources, so people learn our arguments are solid and worth listening to.
Why is this on the front page?
Well, that's going to be highly dependent on the card you use, and that was just the first one that popped up on google. I'm sure there are doesn't of different models and manufactures and I can't say weather this one's decent or not.
I can't remember which movie it was, but there was one where the king of England couldn't father an heir because of some mechanical problem with his... um... equipment. So his staff and the doctor threw him a party, and paid the girls to get him so soused he'd pass out and then the doctor snuck in and made the appropriate cuts. Boy, that had to be one heck of a hangover.
I've been following it for a while. They had sealed documents that only the ethics board officials had access to. The documents were leaked to the press, so they knew that *someone* leaked them, but not who. They figured it was probably one of the democrats, but had no way of proving it so they fired the entire board.
[Ebay](https://www.ebay.com/itm/1-LB-6-OZ-Scrap-IC-Chips-for-GOLD-or-PRECIOUS-METAL-RECOVERY-ELECTRONIC-SCRAP/173119705118) People sell scrapped out ICs for people to leach the gold out of and such. They are old, and probably don't work, but they'd be fine for an art project. That link is a random example, I know nothing about the seller or if that price is reasonable. I'll leave it to you to figure that stuff out.
Yea, but he'll be out of office before it gets that far. He just needs to hold out for 3 more years.
Because the GOP can't win shit with the 30% base that's only voting for them because they're afraid of brown people. They **need** moderates. Moderates generally are disinterested in the news and only pay attention to big headlines... all this propaganda can keep them confused for a short time but eventually they're going to sit down, pay attention for 5 minutes, and then swear off the republican party for good.
Bump-fire is not in any way an "automatic" Bump-fire is fucking stupid. It serves no real purpose at all. I don't know a single gun owner that thought it should be legal.
That's more of a cat-accident than a cat-prank.
Know anyone with a 3D printer? Making you a cover with a bump for the battery wouldn't be that hard.
I honestly think you guys should just start hammering all of them with negative adds targeting their protection of Trump now. Turn him into the biggest lead weight they've ever had chained to their ankle.
Oh you mean all that stuff that caused the entire economy to collapse? lol
&gt; There are going to be so many post-trump laws put in place to hopefully never allow this bullshit to happen again. Or... Trump has raised the bar for what's considered acceptable, and we'll just carry on from here with people that are just n*ot quite as bad as* Trump.
Robot? I believe the word you were looking for was *adult*
The biggest problem with fast food is the managers. You can't find qualified people willing to work for below the poverty line, so you get 95% trash, 4% want to steal from you and 1% are decent, but working for you temporarily due to some catastrophe that befell them and will ditch you at the earliest possible moment. Edit: Apparently this got popular. Buddy, I know you're hovering over that reply button because you're thinking to yourself "I could quibble over a pedantic detail like exactly where the poverty line is, or that my Uncle Bob worked at the McDonalds in Time Square and got a good wage. Seriously, I don't give a fuck, I do not value your opinion, and if you're the sort of person that spends their time searching reddit for 100+ comments for the sole purpose of trying to troll, all you're really doing is finding the shortest path to my block list. So for the sake of actually having a decent conversation with me on a topic that actually matters sometime in the future, don't bother.
Doubtful
When Robert Plant turned down close to a Billion dollars to do a final Led Zepplin tour he replied "I'm already rich."
There's less carbon and the temper is different that far into the blade. It probably doesn't hold an edge very well as a result.
The key to getting a quiet home server is to make sure you get one that supports DDR3 or better. DDR2 means it's of an older generation that was less efficient, and therefor ran very hot and requires fans that make it sound like a hairdryer. I have 2 Dell R710s and they support DDR3. They aren't any louder than a regular desktop and I've got around 20 VMs running on each. That said, they *can* get loud... If you were to max out the memory on both of them and get them working heavily doing something like mining bitcoins or something, they could kick the fans onto full blast. But in normal operation for what you'd be doing they only get loud for a few seconds on boot, then ramp down to a tolerable level.
It sounds like they were testing you for natural talent. Often non-players will hear me talk about Jimmie Page, Trey Azagthoth, Van Halen and they'll say "Well if you practice enough, you can be that good." No... I can't. Those people are built differently than I am. That's not to say I can't become good, or even great. But there's a certain level of talent that has nothing to do with practice. Good luck, I hope you got in!
One of the laid off carrier plant workers.
&gt;So have you had the desire to go swimming in Michigan — or Alaska lately? [Lake Michigan](http://www.in.gov/idem/lakemichigan/images/iStock-513706953.jpg) [Florida](http://i.imgur.com/5IsojVj.jpg) Fuck Florida.
[May I suggest another route?](https://www.harborfreight.com/heavy-duty-magnetic-pickup-tool-42288.html)
You seriously think that what you delete from your inbox has any bearing on weather or not your employer still has the email? lol
You sound like Trump.
I would definitely get in on the act and come up with my own bit... **Dude!** The hospital doctor said if you did that again they wouldn't help remove it next time!!!" etc... etc...
[Now you need to put a vampire and CF card in it!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUcJF51nFdU)
First off, all the stabbings that i know of were with class materials... scissors, pencils, etc... Parents getting into fist fights in the hallways has been a problem since the beginning. Unfortunately our school is in a district with warring leftists and conservatives. The schoolboard is your typical liberal "Lets not punish the violent kids! It's not their fault!" and then the state legislature is your typical "Lets cut all school funding and send the kids to church!" the end result is a school where the teachers are trying to implement labor heavy liberal policies to deal with school violence, but have absolutely no budget to do so. We parents got involved, and some of the stay-at-home moms/dads used the schools "open door policy" as an excuse to actually chaperone every school day. Last year we had a parent in the school every day for most of the year, documenting everything. At one point my wife was there, kids started climbing the bookcases and throwing stuff, the teachers were overwhelmed so my wife herded the "Not-crazy" kids into another room to keep them safe. While I was there I got to see a group of kids use cardboard boxes to sled down 2 flights of concrete stairs and crash into some lockers while teachers stood around. I ended up in the state newspaper complaining about the school-board rigging the school choice system to try and prevent parents from fleeing the district. Over the summer 60% of the teachers quit. They replaced them this year, cut out a lot of the nonsense in the budget (like the ipads) and brought in a liaison that specifically addresses "Culture" in the school. They also have a counselor now that works with the kids with severe behavior problems, and it seems to be doing a lot of good. Like I said, a lot less violence, the councilor is working with the kids who clearly have severe issues at home. All of us parents feel for the troubled kids (who are of all races, it's a poverty thing) and want to help them, but not at the expense of our own children. My sons African American and I specifically told the president of the school-board and the superintendent of schools during a meeting that my son was going there for diversity reasons, because I considered it important... but they were forcing me to choose between diversity and safety, and that's not a choice I should have to make. Multiple members of their staff got visibly excited about my statement, in a way that made it clear this was an argument they'd been making to... a diverse environment doesn't mean you have to ignore violent behavior, there were plenty of minority children in that school that behaved just fine, and were just as harmed by that sort of crap going on as the middle income kids like mine. Being stuck between the 2 political parties isn't fun. There are answers to these problems that don't involve doubling everyone's property taxes. No-one's helped hen politicians get involved.
I'm on both sides of the fence on this. I would have agreed with you prior to my kid getting into school, but once he did and I saw the ridiculous decisions they were making that were wasting huge sums of money... One example: The decided they wanted to be a "Community school" meaning, they thought a school should serve the entire community, not just the students. So they got a $2 million dollar grant to open the schools library to the entire community after hours! What does this mean? It means adults, not even parents, can now come into the school and use a library the size of a 2 car garage that has books targeted at 1st-5th grade. They have staff available until 8pm to help them find books. $2 million they spent on that...
Or your childs tablet. If it were on 24/7 while you were driving, maybe, but if it just flashes a brief message? No way its illegal.
Right... at a certain point decent musicians realize they can either keep making... interesting music... or they could make millions of dollars and live a life of comfort. I'm not faulting them, I'm a musician and I'd sell out in a heart beat if I had the chance. But as far as choosing what to listen to? I've very little hope of Mastodon producing anything new or innovative in the near future. Full disclosure: I like really weird music, which is what Mastodon used to be.
Right... Because Russia's role in the world is in any way equivalent to the United States? Cute.
Never said it did. But it was a clearly an award presented by people who had no ##@%@ clue what they were doing.
:-D Well done.
Folks, calm down a bit. Keep in mind... you have Donald Trump and his... stellar... staff of brilliant minds... a few in congress that are again... brilliant... verses the entire US intelligence community... I think that the leaks we're about to see designed to crush this memo will boggle the mind.
All of them.
The intelligence community isn't impartial, and aren't expected to be. They exist to defend the country. If there's a Russian plot to exploit elected to officials, they are very much expected to fuck that plot up.
As do I. But I don't expect them to ever produce anything new or interesting again. From this point on, all of their albums will sound like a cover-band trying to imitate what it was that made them famous. That feeling you got the first time you heard Crack the skye was what made you love this band, and they are not going to do that again. If you want to really enjoy music, and I mean *really* enjoy it, you need to be looking for the next Mastodon.
Yep, that's what's important, and not that the man you voted for is a corrupt traitor. He's either impeached and leaves in disgrace, or the entire US federal government implodes and you're stuck with the ruins, either way you lose. It's just a matter of how much.
&gt; Going in, I think we can assume the professionals doing this work will have thoroughly ruled this possibility out before jumping to such radical conjectures. Having worked with professionals before, I beg to differ. :-)
but I have fiber inside my house so... :-p
The easiest charge would be the emoluments clause, followed by obstruction of justice, then failure to execute the laws of the united states, and that's just the stuff that's obvious and doesn't require evidence that's already public. We also have his generally horrific behavior in public, embarrassing the entire country on the world stage. If he were a democrat, he's already have been impeached.
Actually, this is something I know quite a bit about, I used to work in a NOC for a major ISP. Lightening does induce current in copper pairs, but only over large distances (miles.) The voltages over short distances are microvolts. Furthermore, your house is wrapped in copper wire and ground wires, which effectively creates a Faraday cage around all your electronics. The only way power getting in from lightening is through a direct strike outside the home that makes it's way in. For those with external twisted pair NIDs (DSL/Cable) that had lightening strike damage to their computers, I strongly recommend checking out the NIDs ground wire and making sure it's got a solid connection to a good ground rod like: https://i.stack.imgur.com/HvDA6.jpg Those things are upwards of 8ft long and driven far into the soil. If lightening strikes, it'll fry the nid but then go strait to ground. If it's getting into your house and damaging your computer, somethings wrong. A surge protector might protect your motherboard, but you have larger issues. The next strike might burn your house down.
My picking hand pinky finger would get stuck in this really painful crooked position while I played, My teacher would drill be and drill me on it but I just couldn't relax it. Fast forward 10 years later and I find out I have a serious movement disorder called [Dystonia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wg9wcdcJ2s) that's now progressed to my head, neck and a few other muscles. The neurologist said one of the first groups to notice the effects of the disease for this very reason. Crazy stuff.
Well, lets not forget, this is the result of a FISA warrant. And FISA does suck. If there's one thing that I am glad they are freaking out about it's that having the NSA read all our emails isn't such a great thing. That said, this is like the cheating husband yelling at his wife for reading his email. "How dare you read my emails?!?!? Their contents are irrelevant! You invaded my privacy!"
I 100% support the president doing this. Donald, if you're listening, this will prove once and for all that you're a genius. The country will adore you, and there is no possible way this will backfire. Please, for the love of God, do this now.
Honestly, we should all just start encouraging Trump to be Trump. Make sure the Dreamers are prepared though... fall over crying "My arm! My arm! Please don't beat me again officer!" etc... make sure people have cellphones out ready to record.
If it's a joke, and you're giving it away, Donald will never fall for it... Jerk.
With the what now?
Yea, I figured I'd use some sort of Arduino. I've 2 of them sitting on my desk unused atm, so it's basically free.
**Lots** of republicans didn't vote for Trump. The people that voted Trump into office were new, and didn't vote it a lot of previous elections. This is why you're seeing the party change now, to a more extremist vision, because they think they can get those people out again. I think they're in for a surprise... just like the democrats were when they expected Obama's turnout again.
It says right in the article a subpoena would take months at least...
They don't hate Jews, they hate Zionists. Don't follow that logic, because it just basically circles back to hating Jews, but that's their argument and they're sticking to it.
Why do you keep talking to me like I'm a republican? You've a lot of very entrenched pre conceived notions.
Kennedy was awful as a public speaker. I'm not sure why they chose him, that was cringe worthy.
I think the message was spot on. It wasn't *anti privilege.* The whole premise of privilege requires the premise that the economy is a zero-sum game, which is pretty much exclusively a republican idea.
Again, you're assuming a rich person cannot be rich without poor people being poor. He's saying those with power and privilege (like him) don't need any more help.
wait... lower numbers are better? I thought higher numbers got played first.
What goal does it serve? They call people offensive names, so you call them offensive names back? What are you trying to accomplish? You're basically saying all these people are hopeless, so what should we do? Herd them into camps? Because that's the end-game of the sort of rational you're promoting. You've people in your social circles that are very wrong about race relations. If you expel them and pretend they've no ability to change, you're simply letting them close themselves off into a peer group that only agrees with them. They'll never hear opposing viewpoints, and then your prediction comes true, they never change. Likewise, you seal yourself off, and you never hear opposing views yourself. You're relegating yourself to the same tribalism fate. Just stop. Engage with the people you disagree with. They're not monsters, they're human beings.
You called them bigots, and yes, I really do know they aren't monsters. We're all human, and we're all wrong about quite a lot in life. Refusing to interact with someone simply because we disagree is the definition of closed minded. You want the world to change? Well, then you're going to need to change it. Get to work.
Id agree you have to keep yourselves safe, but you're also talking about, effectively, all Trump supporters with the way you were referring to the people in the video. My mother is a Trump voter, and my son is black (adopted) and she *loves* her grandbaby. So I'm not writing off any Trump voter. She's in the same trap a lot of people are... stuck in her facebook, stuck on fox news, circling her wagons to keep the liberals at bay. We can't continue to act like that. Us or them. We have to sit down and talk. Don't want to talk to your in-laws? Fine, talk to some other bigots that are more willing to listen.
[There's a reason for that.](https://youtu.be/yS_c2qqA-6Y?t=8795)
The Moto G6 is inferior to the Nexus 6p in just about every measurable way, and it's actually $250. They've got $50 off during the pre-order. I really am not sure why anyone would pick that phone over significantly better alternatives available via BYOP. Well, I guess if you don't have the cash to buy the phone outright maybe...
It's water pipes sealed in concrete. It works great, until it leaks, then you have to replace the entire thing because there's no fixing it. And no, concrete is not water tight.
What you're talking about are FDM printers. I have an FDM printer and they really cannot get detailed enough to produce a usable miniature imo. You can produce set pieces, doors, props, and larger monsters (I did a great ogre once) they're good for that. But if you do a regular D&amp;D mini it's not going to have a face... you'll barely see the nose, there will be sketchy bits all over it. The nice minis you see printed are all done on SLA printers. They look fantastic, but those printers are really expensive. They're coming down on price, but you're not going to be getting one for $200. [Here are some great examples of what you can expect from different kinds of printers.](https://www.heroforge.com/DigitalDownload/) These images accurately reflect what I've experienced. Make sure you zoom in on the image so you can see the kind of detail you're really going to get.
Right, you can use an FDM to help with miniatures, you just have to expectations set properly. As long as you realize what you're going to get, you'll be fine. I print basically everything bigger than your typical player character, then buy the actual PC miniatures. The fact of the matter is, there are far more doors, boxes, walls, chests... than there are PCs anyway. So it's still a valuable investment.
Right... so if you're going to spend time on the internet making up bullshit stories, being overly specific with the details of the story is detrimental to your own credibility.
Ah, interesting, I hadn't heard of that so I had to look it up. Apparently it has to do with permissions on certain process that does the network switching. But it was only a problem when it first came out and support is now standard on roms... Still, it's something to watch out for. If I've a problem I'll switch back to a stock Rom and see if it clears it up, thanks.
Do you have gimp or mspaint? Screen shot the invoice you have, edit the name in the image to reflect what they sent you, send it to them. It's worked for me.
You've got a practice amp... don't worry about all that...
&gt;**Square Wave** - It is not possible for a speaker or musical instrument to produce an acoustic square wave. A square wave can only exist in electronics where 'physical' mass and force do not exist. A speaker will average the electrical energy of a square wave as the fundamental period of a sine wave, with discordant third harmonic resonances. [Example](http://copyright.lenardaudio.com/laidesign/images/a05/a05_square.gif) Source: http://education.lenardaudio.com/en/05_speakers_2.html
Well, I worked for Palm Inc back in the day, I ran their support center, and I would have loved something like this over a Palm... but then again, I'm a super nerd so what do I know.
Fair enough, My printer's a year and a half old, so maybe the Ender line has some mojo or something. I don't have trouble with decent prints at all... everything works great. I just can't get detailed enough to print a face on a mini. The nose will *sort* of be there but that's about it. Likewise, swords and other skinny bits are going to be problematic.
When you want to experience a field sobriety test every single time you get pulled over...
&gt; ibm486slc21-EC1 I think that chip has some interesting history. I believe it's based on a Cyrix chip. Cyrix didn't have the production facilities to keep up with demand and were facing significant risk of a patent lawsuit from Intel which they thought might bankrupt them. So they signed a deal with IBM to have IBM produce chips for them, because IBM had licensing deals with Intel which they hoped would protect them. But in return, IBM was able produce IBM branded Cyrix chips, and this might be one of them. But while teaming up with IBM might have saved them, it was also ultimately their doom. Why would you buy a chip from Cyrix if you could buy the same chip from IBM? https://www.nytimes.com/1994/04/15/business/ibm-agrees-to-make-chips-designed-by-cyrix.html https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWGAdoMz1c0&amp;t=1126s
Relief doesn't come that quick... Takes a couple of weeks for things to get back to normal.
oh god, don't get me started on that thing... there's still a sub dedicated to it with people who are performing some rather dangerous experiments in their basement with equipment they are totally unqualified to operate. I have no doubt this sort of pseudoscience gets people killed on a regular basis.
It looks like they just updated their website. It looks totally new to me (Though, I haven't been there in over a month) The site keeps going up and down and I can't really log in. My guess is Sunday AM is their slowest time, and we're seeing a deploy of some sort. It's unfortunate that they haven't issued an outage notification, but then again, I'm not paying them anything either.
Well, hold on now... Trump is a fucking moron that may very well destroy the world... but... Canada's subsidies to their timber industry are so insane they pretty much single handedly destroyed the logging industry in the United States. In construction it's often joked that "The price of lumber is the price of shipping it from Canada" and that's not far from the mark. So Canada hasn't been a fair partner in regards to a lot of their key industries. Though, I think we could have addressed that issue in a much less ham-fisted way.
Keep in mind "The Tea party" was a real thing years ago, with legitimate views that a lot of democrats would have likely supported. They would hold fake town-hall meetings like in colonial times, throw tea in the Boston harbor in remembrance of the historic tea party, and it was a real threat to the modern pro-corporate conservative dogma. They supported individual freedom, and therefor Gay rights, pro-choice, and opposed our militarism But opposed rampant the government overruns on things like the military, farm subsidies, etc... They were the "Personal Liberalism/fiscal conservatism" party that all the younger conservatives had been clamoring for. I was really excited for it when it first started showing signs of turning into a real movement. It could have split the party, and as it rose it was probably at least partially responsible for McCain losing to Obama... but the republicans brilliantly torpedoed the movement, creating their own fake copies by branding names like "Tea Party Express" and installing their own "libertarian" leaders that were little more than republican con-men trying to confuse the electorate. Their corruption of the movement was total, they destroyed it forever, and the tern "Tea Party" will never again be remembered for what it originally was, and we may even forget the historic version as well. It's unfortunate to, because our country works better when there are 2 parties that are somewhat reflective of the electorate battling it out over some core issues. The trajectory of the republican party as it is I think will lead to an eventual catastrophic failure at some point, with democrats sweeping all branches of government with very little challenge, and that's detrimental to us all... even democrats themselves. Unchecked power is a bad thing.
Right... but the example I always go back to is Ulcers. When I was growing up, I knew people that **died** from ulcers. They were a huge problem, causing significant misery for a lot of people. The standard treatment was to reduce stress, watch what you eat, exercise, all the crap they tell us now. Then one day in the mid-90s a bunch of studies came together, and what they'd all thought was stress and diet related was actually a bacteria. After a course of antibiotics, boom, you're cured. As simple as that. 90% of people with the disease were cured over night. Was their still a core group of the "Classic stress cases"? yes, but they were less than 10% after all was said and done.
&gt;So I'm with Mi5 today doing sort of a recruitment, here's my card. So what we're looking for is to set someone up in a foreign country in their own language, wait for a call one day, maybe slit a throat or some sort of sexual activity get us some information and we'd be done with you. It would be a one-off pay-off sort of thing, you'd have to get your own job and all that, live your own life but when the call came, you'd have to... *thumb across neck*
I think for me, the big impact he had on me was: &gt;...and music? Well, it's just entertainment folks. Getting me over the hump of "Metal is life" thing. In the 80s and 90s you were defined by your music. What you listened to was who you were. Listening to something that wasn't metal was akin to a farmer paying a gardener to mow his law. It was sacrilegious. That notion was especially strong in the metal community and I think it almost killed the genre. I think Devin struggled with it as well, but eventually found peace and creativity coming out the other side. Further, I think Devin has been hugely influential on the music industry. A lot of the general public may not have heard of him, but if you look at his discography and credits, you can see that he's sat in studio recordings and helped with production of a huge number of much larger artists. He's well respected in the industry and is sort of a *musician's musician.* I've always thought of him as Metal's version of experimental Jazz. Yea, your mom probably doesn't get it, but everything she listens to would be less enjoyable if it didn't exist.
Google: baritone 6 string ukulele I have no idea where you'd find a neck for such an oddball thing, but that's likely what your friend needs.
I've been playing Rogue since around 83 or so... so I don't think I'm going to be all that interested in having someone else tell me what is, and what is not, rogue. The original Rogue bares more in common than what most people in this sub consider "Roguelites" than what you're calling "Roguelike" you're basing your definition of "Roguelike" on a series of games that were not rogue, and came out 15-20 years after the origional did. If you want to make a distinction, make one that doesn't exclude those that you consider unworthy, but instead exclude those that you consider unique. i.e. Hard-core Roguelikes, or something to that effect. All you have to do to see how negative and exclusionary the way you're approaching this is, is look at this sub. It's awash with attacks and vitriol. Look at this poor thread, you guys jumped downvote the poor devs thread, you downvoted me, you can look up any topic in this sub that has the term "Roguelite" in it and you're talking down to people, trying to push them out into other subs. You're going to kill this genre, I've seen it before, this is how it happens. Continue at your own peril.
Hey man, they're totally friendly in this sub. Just look at all kumbaya going on in this thread. lol
I want one and I don't even have a wrist injury. They just seem like they'd be fun to play and really portable. Great for campfires.
So... I tried looking up the ingredients for these things and I have to say I was a bit astonished that I couldn't find an ingredients list anywhere online. Given their target audience that seems almost surreal to me. A person with food allergies couldn't eat these at all.
&gt; But it opens up a wide grey area around what can constitute a "religious belief" in order to get protection. You can use Christianity (or most religions really) to back up a boat load of disgusting personal beliefs. Right, and actually I think that's probably good. Because you know what's going to happen next. A lot of people with very poor understanding of the law are going to use this decision to justify a lot of poor choices and the courts are going to quickly fill up with precedent making decisions. Poorly thought out challenges to the rights of protected classes are the stuff the ACLU dreams of.
Oh, well that's easy. Found [this](http://www.oldskool.org/guides/tvdog/system.html) pretty quickly, I'm sure there's a lot of other sources out there as well. I just meant it would be fun to recover the original owners data. Imagine finding the save files of some 10yr olds favorite game, tracking down who they are, finding them now in their 40s and giving them their long lost progress in some game. I'd be in tears with glee if that happened to me. Maybe I'm a weirdo. You could possibly learn how to recover data from a disk, I know a guy that says it's easy, but he could be full of shit.
Right. I can't think of a single instance of a community designed *anything* that was purchased by a corporate entity, and ended up better as a result.
Well, to a certain extent that gets annoying in Rougelikes. The dev gives you some new cool feature. If you learn to exploit that feature the dev then needs to balance your new-found abilities by making the dungeon harder, which effectively requires that you constantly keep on top of the best ways to exploit new strategies. That can get old. Sometimes you just want to play the game and not have to wonder about every gadget in your backpack. If that makes any sense.
Swap out your bridge pins for solid brass... I did that and it got bright as hell.
Right, but I was thinking of more of a coordinated effort. While comic books are art, and certainly worth saving, I was thinking of the relative microscopic size of epud text only book storage and how trivial it would be to store pretty much every book ever written without a huge investment in storage space.
You examples are kind of all over the place in regards to price, so I'm not sure what your budget is. You also don't really seem to have a firm grasp on the kind of sound you're after, so I think you're going to be disappointed with whatever you purchase really. It *might* fit what you want to do, but more than likely not it wont. My recommendation would be that you revisit modeling, but this time with something a little more professional. The cheaper modeling amps sound terrible, just like you described. They're *clearly* fake sounding, even to non-musicians. The decent sounding modeling amps are crazy expensive though. But the first really affordable modeling amp that sounded great was the Eleven Rack and that's getting a bit old... but is still in production. It's really a great modeler, I have one and love the thing. It's really got the classic fender tone down, and there are some great metal and Jazz tones as well. It's got a whole pedal section as well with all the classic boosts, distortion, rotary speaker, chorus, flanger... all of what you'd expect. [You can pick one up for $299 new.](https://www.amazon.com/Eleven-Interface-Pre-amp-without-Pro-Tools/dp/B005T2FLL2/) Or cheaper used. If you want to start playing with a band, get yourself a 1U rack power amp for cheap at a pawn shop and an old PA speaker and away you go. If you really want to go with a real amp, you can use the Eleven rack to play with different sorts of setups to figure out what you want to sound like, then sell it. They retain their value fairly well, they're well respected.
Buy craft paint and brushes at walmart. Cheap is good. Buy a can of white and black spray paint primer as well as a can of matte clear. Cheap is good. Buy some pewter minis off ebay (pewter is easier to paint) Cheap is good. Watch a lot of youtube videos. Spray on primer white/black depending on your end goal. Paint your mini realize you did a terrible job Dunk it in rubbing alcohol Repaint it Repeat until you like it. Spray with matte clear spray paint. Tada! After you think you're good at it and going to stick with it, start buying all the fancy expensive stuff. (I am not at this point yet)
You sound pleasant.
Is that related to the Google project?
I suspect the teeth that do this crimping are consumable and the mechanism is equally, if not more complicated than the original staples version. Paper is really hard on cutting edges, so the teeth probably require replacement every year or so depending on usage. And unlike staples, they likely require a service call. Not saying this isn't a good idea, I just don't think it's any simpler/cheaper.
If you're going to get a *real* amp, I'd really focus on the driver then. The #1 thing wrong with the cheaper amps is the driver is out of a clock radio. Instead I'd recommend you look for a used combo amp with a 1x12 in it. Peveay is a solid workhorse, but people think they're ugly so that makes them cheap second hand. Just make sure that when you wiggle the guitar cable it doesn't cut in and out, and that the knobs don't make scratchy sounds. Those are most common problems with used amps. Then save up and replace the driver with a Celestion Vintage 30 (or something quality) and you'll have a solid upgrade. I'm in the USA, so Peavey might not be a cheap option where you are, I wouldn't know.
Right... but I think the other issue you face is Dave from accounting comes along and puts in the staples he brought from home. Now you have a *real* service call that's going to cost you a fortune. So we assigned a person to do that sort of stuff. She knows what's up, how to do those simple things and when a service call is appropriate.
All small things, done all day every day, turn into big things. Look at handrails at the train station or the airport. Solid steel or iron, worn down and polished by nothing more than human skin. Paper is actually pretty abrasive.
lol... that's hilarious. Let me guess, the staples cost more than the ink?
That's fucking awesome. You sir, are a legend. I hope the type of music you play allows you to crank those, stand between them and headbang like a monster. I wouldn't even care if you were good, I'd pay the door charge just to see the majesty.
I was under the impression that most books area already digital... Googles got most of the pre-industrial stuff down. The only problem there is their format is odd-ball and we have to trust Google... which, I'm trying to say they are up to no good, but they are a single entity so something could happen and that data could be lost.
Thanks! I'll dig into the features and see if it'll work.
I'm still considering SuiteCRM but haven't heard of OroCRM. After looking at it, it looks like yet another fake open source project with their own custom license and closed source binaries. Boooo
Thanks! Those are well thought out suggestions. I think we want all of that, except localization. We have nothing outside the US. Your experience with support sounds eerily familiar, but we were having those problems with a huge vendors flagship product. Once I found a bug in a report function, opened a support ticket, and a month later they closed the ticket as "Resolved" with a link to the functions white page... "This function has been deprecated" Other bugs we've found were patched in future versions of the product we won't get upgraded to for a year or more. So we would have to come up with some sort of workaround for the bug in the short term that usually involved changing the business process. So why would we make the effort to change the process back once the bug is fixed? Which begs the question, why are we opening support tickets... or even paying for support in the first place? So we go back to the giant vendor "We want to negotiate a different support contract this time." and there answer was "We have 3 support packages, Platinum, Bronze and Don't call us. Take your pick." ugh
All interesting points I'm sure. But I stand by my therapy recommendation. I think you'll find it to be a valuable resource.
Microtransactions in one shape or other, will be in every commercially produced game developed by publicly traded companies, until the mechanic is made illegal or the publics willingness to spend money on them changes. The difference in profit potential is so large, it's practically illegal for them to do anything else.
Yea, but the market's also flooded with professional broadcast CRTs that local TV stations and universities have been throwing out. I've been seeing them go for under $200 for a while.
I honestly didn't know what a profile was or how to look at it until this patch. That whole page is new to me. lol Genji: Total time played = 2min It didn't take me long to figure that shit out. lol
lol... why did you take that seriously? That was 100% troll and you fell for it hook line and sinker.
I need toad slime. Where do I get this? Wait... do I have to be Chinese for this to work? Fuck it, I'm trying it anyway.
Yea, there's this whole section of reddit dedicated to men who hate women because none will date them... it's crazy.
&lt;$10
We did this on my uncles farm when I was a kid. It's actually kind of painful, the excavator is swinging you so fast it's hard to keep your grip, and it really pulls on your legs and spine. Then when you hit the water... a couple of times I actually skipped across the pond. You only do that shit a couple of times and you're done.
I did something like this once. Found a TV that was half the price it should have been. So I ordered it, UPS shows up with this big box, I sign for it, open it up... Totally wrong TV. So I call up Wal-Mart and the return process was a nightmare. So a manager finally tells me to take it to my local store. So I throw the TV in the pickup, take it to Wal-Mart and the manager says "This order says TV ABC. This box is TV XYZ." and I said "I know... you sent me the wrong thing. That's why I'm returning it." And she said "Ok, but assuming I believe you, in order to issue a refund, I need to scan in the upc of an ABC tv. The computer won't do it otherwise." Getting the refund was a fucking nightmare, took several managers, calls to the corporate office. Wal-Mart's online store is a mess. They do not have good controls, procureds or trained staff to really handle this sort of thing. I stopped ordering anything from their site after that.
Angband, Nethack and their myriad of variants are wildly different from game to game. A wand of polymorph might spawn and on the first cast turn your pet into a dragon on level 3. That said, you can also step on the wrong trap and get insta killed just as your character turns into and unstoppable killing machine. On Android, Wazhack is similarly unpredictable. But the 3D is implemented in an odd way and in that game I often get killed because my finger brushed the screen in the wrong way rather than any mistake in strategy.
It's a paintbrush. You want it strait, leading to a fine point. No stay bristles, no bristles falling out. It's not much more complicated than that. Buy a couple, you will forget a few with paint on them and ruin then.
I've a feeling you're going to have a much more pragmatic reason to stop doing business with them in a couple of weeks. lol
You mentioned Headaches, Muscle Spasms, and Restless leg syndrome... those are all fairly painful conditions to have.
But see... they don't have to. If Microsoft owns git, they can just turn off those repos whenever they want, for whatever reason they want. How long do you think this repo will stay up if Microsoft owns git? https://github.com/ekistece/vlmcsd-autokms
You have to be 18 to visit Pornhub. I'm sure both of these sites users have nothing but the utmost respect for these age policies.
&gt;Our DB is currently 2.5 TB. WAT? That's a tad large... I checked out their website... sounds like they're moving to the cloud. I've been through that... they cripple the on-premise solution and show you how easy and great the cloud is. Eventually they abandon the on-prem solution. If their cloud options don't fit your needs... sorry, that's where the profit is, they don't have the time or resources to work on the old, outadated, on-prem solution no-one uses anymore. Didn't you know? That's old tech. etc...
That's mostly just random pets walking around...
I lived in the 70s. All of our coffee tables came from K-Mart and were made out of really shitty chip board and plastic with an extremely dark "Wood grain" sticker applied to it. You don't want one of those.
Why would you want to build a Pyramid?
yea, but the animals in /r/tippytaps aren't jumping around... or even moving very much at all. It's basically /r/Awww but with... well nothing really... it's the same thing.
I know. I sit in meetings about the shit. I explain the problems we're having, and why, and how we have 100 different options that will fix the problem. Nobody wants to do anything... and then I say "I'll sponsor it!" and the managers start laughing. Just for the love of god let me do the project, if it works, fantastic, if not and I'm fired, at least I wont have to continue watch this broken pile of shit compost itself over the next decade while no-one does anything.
If that's not pallet wood, it doesn't belong on reddit. If it is made out of pallet wood, you're going to get cancer and die. How stupid of you.
But that doesn't make Obama *good.* It just makes Trump *worse.* McCain would have probably have been the better Anti-Putin president. Obama made the mistake of thinking that Putin gave a fuck about his own people.
1. It's treated wood. So bad chemicals... Probably not too awful if you're just handling it, but Reddit DIY'rs like to make Kitchen tables, and fruit bowls out of the stuff, because it's tredy and eco friendly? or something? 2. What was shipped on the pallets? If you work with them, then you understand. The trucks come in, you take the shit off, you put other shit on them, they go back out. Sometimes you have too many, they get shipped off somewhere. Sometimes you run out, some get shipped in. What the fuck was on all of those? Pesticides? Rat poison? I've personally seen hydrochloric acid and cyanide shipped on them. Have you ever picked one up, seen a smudge or bit of dust and wondered what that was? Now imagine some hipster making a baby crib out of that shit. You think I'm fucking with you? I assure you, I am not. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elHkMd1za2o https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gk3abZC_u6g
I ordered a 50 cent thing from ebay once. The seller sent me the completely wrong thing. I spent days trying to get hold of him, but no answer. So I left a negative review. About a week later, he finally contacts me, he'd lost his phone, I was a giant asshole troll for giving him a negative review. He got family photos of me and my family from my wife's facebook page (I had words with my wife about leaving her account public) then put up pages all over the internet, doxing me, trolling me on ebay, threatening my family, etc... he even made threats through the ebay messaging app. Offered to take down all the webpages if I retracted the negative review. I told him to go fuck himself. (I'm not even sure you can change a review...) Contacted ebay... they were awful, I think he got a warning, his store is still up. Then I found out the dude was doing this to hundreds of people. These pages he put me on, I was just the person at the top of the list. You could scroll down and see victim after victim. Racism rants, hate speech, you name it. I contacted the FBI, his local police department, filed reports. He continued to email and harass me, but I never replied. Thinking I had blocked his email account, he jumped from alias email to alias email. I built a list of all is alter egos, and reported them all to the police under the assumption he was doing a lot more of this than anyone realized. I contacted all the various sites he was using for his stalking behavior, and surprisingly most of them took his sites down and banned him within a few hours. Wordpress was exceptionally helpful. The sites that totally sucked were Ebay, and **especially twitter.** Twitter did not give a fuck, and actually got outright hostile. When I tried to file a complaint, they demanded I provide them with a photo copy of my drivers license to prove who I was and said they'd share it with the stalker, because that was only fair. I refused, and they went off on a rant about the 1st amendment and which point I explained to the rep I was talking to that the 1st amendment protects citizens from the federal government, not racist trolls from losing their twitter accounts. But whatever, fuck twitter, I've heard they've changed their policies around this, I tried again to get his posts taken down, they still don't give a shit. He kept putting up new websites, I kept having them taken down. It took about a year before he finally gave up. Now I only use ebay for orders from Asia. The shipping takes forever, but at least I don't have to worry about them blowing up my fucking house. I would have preferred a bobcat.
So... you have to understand. The person you talk to knows as much about networking as the person taking your order at McDonald's knows about the culinary arts. The same holds true for their manager and probably even the store owner. All that McDonalds employee is there to do is take your money and shove a cheeseburger in your mouth. Now if you were to go up to that McDonalds employee and start yelling at him that you found olives in your cheeseburger... all he knows is he's got stats, and you're fucking them up. How the hell is he supposed to know where the olives came from? Sure, a bunch of different customers complained, but the burgers come in frozen boxes, they stick them on the grill, put them on a bun and there you go. There is not a button on his kiosk for "Customer mad about olives" so he's going to tell you the first thing that comes to his mind other than the joint he smoked in the parking lot on break... "Olives lower your collesterol. McDonalds cares." and the wonder why you're still mad... please go away... he just wants to make it to the end of the day without flinging himself into the deep fryer. That's the person you were talking to at your ISP. They wanted to die the entire time you were talking to them. They had no choice in that situation, there was nothing they could do to help you.
There is nothing wrong with reselling your own property. Every industry that sells a product wishes they had a way to make secondary markets illegal or at least immoral. They're not.
&gt; The guns of the tanks and military vehicles stick out of it, mostly pointing in the one direction. Call me skeptical, but why do I suspect the direction they're pointing in is Israel? Edit: It's not pointing at Israel, my concerns were unfounded. Per /u/azdongdong finding it on google maps. https://www.reddit.com/r/evilbuildings/comments/8ps18q/the_tankstack_a_weaponized_evil/e0duwiw/
&gt;Do you? Or is it enough to say, "What you believe is wrong, here are the facts." The people you're bitching about seem to have the same attitude, hence the predicament we find ourselves. Many people, regardless of party, will have beliefs that you find loathsome. Probably even people in your mediate family. But that doesn't mean you're going to disagree with them on every single point. You need to understand their points of view so you can find out what you do agree with them on, and work on those points. Politics isn't about agreeing, or compromising on your core values. Its about finding out which points you *can* both compromise on.
I'm sure there are people in both Lebanon and Israel that you'd get along with just fine if you had the chance. Conversely I'm sure you'd find mortal enemies in both locals as well. If you stop thinking of people in terms of categories you can put them into, you will have a much easier time understanding them in the long run.
Yup... Human being.
&gt;Tell that to Israel I'm not sure who this Israel person is, but if you give me their phone number I can certainly give them a ring.
Considering her opponent was Donald Trump, and that he won the election primarily via popular resentment over jobs and worker rights... the fact that she didn't win by a landslide is somewhat of an indictment of her platform.
I'm not sure how much you know about relational data models, but actually I can do *a lot* better than that. https://i.imgur.com/lv1We7v.png
I'm still not sure what you're saying. Sorry.
"The Catholics" aren't the problem... and when you say "Do this" I'm not sure what you mean. By far and away the #1 source of CO2 emissions related to human activity is electric power generation. The largest contributor is China, which has very few Catholics to begin with, followed by the United States which does have Catholics, but they have little choice in how their electricity is generated. The Pope telling Catholics to "Go Green" isn't all that helpful... (though I think he's actually made comments along those lines on several occasions)
I'd go even further than that. "Contact your representatives" was the only point you made here that will have any significant impact at all. The rest of it is just greenwashing... well meaning and all, but it lets people think they are making a difference when they really aren't doing much at all. Your cities source of electricity is your #1 contribution to global CO2 levels... and no, turning off your TV doesn't help. The businesses and factories in your area consume the vast majority of the electricity generated, waste produced, etc... etc... The only way you're going to change their consumption is via changes to the law and infrastructure. You want to re-use grocery bags, that's fine. But when the factory a mile down the road is dumping millions of tons of CO2 into the atmosphere daily, your efforts are virtually useless.
"The word of God" isn't bold?
I used to drink... a lot. :-)
&gt;Your threat model should probably include encrypting SAML assertions. I'm not entirely positive of what you mean by that, so I'm googling and it seems to be directly related to that x509... as in, that key shows up when the SAML assertion is encrypted. But doesn't when it's not. So are you saying that, because it's missing from the failed handshake, that the difference between my working connection and my failed connection is the handshake is encrypted when the x509 is there? If that's the case, that's a pretty big clue. Some config setting somewhere is probably turned off, or has changed and I've probably got a requirement for encryption. As far as "Threat model" I've an entire team of security people I have to pass any changes through before I can get anything implemented, which this entire process has been through a number of times. If I find a difference, I most certainly will take it to them, but currently it's just broken and I'm not sure why. I've no doubt that at the end of it, there'll be at least a couple of things I have to take to them. &gt;You need to trust the public key of the x509 cert, its not necessary to use a third party external CA, it can be self-signed. I've inspected the x509 cert returned by the working handshake and it's issued by my Root CA. I'm not sure I have a lot of control over that. thanks for the response! This already has me learning some new stuff.
Everything you're eluding to have happened, did, other than me getting any sex. I do not know how Lesbians in other parts of the country... or even other parts of my city... behave at bars. But the people my coworker hung out with were basically acting out a soft-core porno in the bars they frequented. Multiple girls making out with each other, getting lit, going home together in groups of 5 or more to what I'm assuming were basically lesbian orgies. They were all cool with me as long as I didn't get any ideas, they were defiantly not interested in what I had to offer. Though some of the butch girls seemed to enjoy trying to tease me in an almost cartoonish version of the way macho men were portrayed hitting on women in the 1950s. They'd walk up, lean all macho like against the wall "Watch you do'n?" while all the girly lesbians giggled and laughed. I *think* I was supposed to feel uncomfortable like the way I would if a gay male had done the same? I'm not sure... it was pretty clear they didn't understand a heterosexual males sex drive. I can't speak for all of us, but if she's got boobs and a vagina, it's all systems go. Heck, boobs are somewhat optional. If the butch lesbian wanted to try me out, I would have totally been game. So while they were trying to make me feel weird, any squirming I may have been doing was more likely related to me trying to hide the fact that I was into it. My coworker was dating one of these butch girls, who was kind of a punk girl. She was really cool, funny, very pretty. Shaved her head, converse shoes, chain to the wallet, you get the idea. She was really into the whole macho thing... again, almost a cartoon version of male behavior. One night at a strait club we were seeing a band at, she just walked up to me, pushed me up against the walk, grabbed my crotch hard, and laid this giant make-out kiss on me. Biting my lip at the end and all that. Then walked away like nothing happened. So that was... a thing. I had to decide what to do... I'll be honest that was probably 15yrs ago or more and even today I'm not sure if I have even a basic grasp of that culture, but I decided I'd have to tell my friend about the incident, because if I was dating someone and that happened, I'd be pissed if someone didn't tell me. So I told her... and that's when I found out that some Lesbians aren't cool with bisexual behavior at all... like... wow. Lesbians kissing dudes was on par with molesting kids from her perspective. So that exploded into a giant culture Armageddon, and it was decided that I was a male and couldn't be trusted. Her girlfriend would never be interested in penises and I did not go to lesbian bars ever again. Though now I am still friends with Lesbians, just now they're more the soccer mom type.
I'm not entirely sure there's ram in this computer at all...
The direction of the CPU fan can be irrelevant depending on the heat-sink design. Those ultra cheap aluminum fin ones like this didn't really care. We could get into the whole "optimal airflow" thing, but these sorts of systems weren't overclocking, or under any great amount of load usually.
oh... I would never even consider that an issue. All fans in, PSU out, was a big thing for years. If you've got temperature problems, fan placement is *unlikely* to be the cause.
I'm generally suspicious of a government pointing a large number of cannons in any particular direction. But in the case of any country in the middle east, yes including Israel, I'm even more so. This has more to do with my distrust of institutions than the people's they govern. I don't even consider "race" to be a real thing, it's a social construct.
So... prior to the half a dozen super plagues Europeans brought to the Americas, having an open wound was less deadly?
&gt; Like, who is it meant to appeal to? Investors
Tiny hands?
This is doctored! [Here's the original.](https://i.imgur.com/nPIO1xA.jpg) https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/8pza8s/g7_lunch_break/
There's an episode of Black Mirror: "Fifteen Million Merits" that really does a good job simplifying this issue. Basically its some future scifi world where everyone has to toil away doing pointless work to earn credits to access pointless media that's similar to american idol. A bunch of crap happens and the main character decides to bust his ass, save all his money and buy tickets to get on the TV show... then he confronts the world with anger about what it wall means, why are they doing all of this? And it's a media sensation, he's a star because of his rebellion. So they turn him complaining into a regular show. His counter culture becomes a product, and he just gets merged into the very thing he hated so much. That's Emma Watson. She became famous because she was sexualized. She rebelled against being turned into the product... so we turned her rebellion into a product. She's now that super hot chick that stands up for womens rights. She's so confident, and intelligent, but more importantly look at that ass. When she gets older, no worries, we'll find a younger, hotter spokesman for the oversexualization of women. Isn't consumerism great?
You can just fire it one handed and not worry about any of that. You don't really need to aim a sawed off shotgun.
So, funny enough, the columbine kids did this. I don't know if you remember, but after it all happened they found all these videos they were making of their preparations. They did in fact saw off a shotgun, and while they were out in the woods screwing around with it one of them made the mistake of two handing it and got powder burns on his hands. He turned to the camera and said something to the effect of "This is why sawed off shotguns this short are illegal" and showed the burn he got.
Have you ever met a user that took data retention and archival policies seriously? From my admin perspective, this is slightly less awful than everyone else's: "I have a file called test.txt that's 15 years old on the server? No, don't delete it. I don't know what that is, and I might need it someday. No, I don't have time to look at it now, or ever, stop bothering me. Data retention and archival policy? What the hell is that? Didn't I tell you I was busy?" ...fast forward 5 years... "File on the server? Subpoena? Our Data retention and archival policy section 12a, subsection C clearly states that unless required by law, regulatory policy or court order, all documents should be archived after 3 years and destroyed after 5 years. What the hell have those IT people been doing?!?! Apparently nothing!!"
I guess I'm not sure why you'd do this? Off lease enterprise servers are cheap and plentiful. I guess if it's just for fun?
So, the thing is they seem scary at first when you look at the specs, but in reality that's just max output. I've got a pair of R710s and, when you first boot them up before system management kicks in, it sounds like someone turned on 12 hairdryers at the same time. But a few seconds later the bios ramps everything down and is no louder than your typical tower computer. Likewise power consumption is negligible, probably even lower than a typical tower. I bet the drives cocaine more electricity than anything. Now, if I filled out with 200 gig of ram and hosted a porn site on it, I'm sure it'd go back into hairdryer mode. On top of that, you can chain drive arrays off them in various ways. If you keep your eyes on local colleges and stuff, a lot of the cards and arrays can be had for free if you go get it. I got a 16TB San that way once. I know one key thing to look out for is to be sure it uses DDR3 memory. DDR2 servers are loud, hot and wasteful.
Christmas trees take over 10 years. The key to crops like these is you just plant them and forget them.
This is the correct answer. I have "Multiphasic drug abuser" in my chart due to an identity theft thing from a very long time ago, and that's followed me my entire life. I did my share of pot and mushrooms in college but every doctor that sees that I'm basically dead to. Yes, I know I can get it removed, and I have... many many times. Modern medical records systems don't forget easily.
I'm not sure if fidelity were your goal, that you'd be buying old tape decks in the first place? I mean, literally, they're the worst major format since wire recorders.
I'm not sure I understand your sentence. **I** bought an R710, for virtualization. You're using R710 efficiency stats to say "a server" would use tons of power. If your goal was a file server, you wouldn't buy an R710, that would be stupid. You'd get something designed for storage like (off the top of my head) an R510. No, it deffiantely would not use the same amount of power as an R710 if you don't include the drives. I've seen those selling used from local enterprise for &lt;$100 and you can find them on ebay right now for &lt;$200
Right... but see all the comments I'm getting telling me I'm full of shit. lol
&gt;Every time I've been to ER they've had to see photo ID. Did you OD in 1998? and, if you had, they're refuse to give you the (whatever the drug is that wakes you up from overdose) until they can see an ID? I imagine a dude waking up in the ER saying "Um ah... my name is... John Barlycorn... fuck you" and walking out. I really don't know how it happened. &gt; I just don't see it being reasonable that someone can screw up someone else's medical record for that long. You're right, it's not reasonable. &gt;What's to stop someone from billing someone else? I did not get a bill of any sort. When it first happened I freaked out and checked my credit history thinking I'd find some awful bill from a hospital somewhere, but it wasn't there. Keep in mind, all the details here are just what I got from random doctors and medical records folks at different facilities over the years. It may be there are details that I don't understand/know about, or things I understood incorrectly.
I'm not saying you should *use* a pre made turkey iso. I'm suggesting you should make one. Rather than a script targeting a specific distro and version, distribute the entire package with everything pre-installed and limit your script to initial setup. If you're going for easy setup, it doesn't get any easier than an iso. With regard to Ubuntu, it's probably just and industry thing. Everything is RHEL6/7 in my world.
I knew someone who's dad owned a counter top business and used the equipment there to make a Corian snare. It was loud as fuck and heavy. So loud that done people didn't like playing it. He was trying to start a business making them, I don't think it went anywhere.
lol... are you running Minecraft hosting or something?
Well he's adopted, so there's hope. You just need to get adopted, and then work that whole "I'm your only chance at a kid, don't fuck it up" angle, and you're golden.
mmmm.... Those all look like they're $1k+ I've already got a PA but even used they're $$$$ that's just a big lift when I'm not sure how long his interest will last.
I won't argue that point at all. Redhat has a problem with isolationism in the way they've locked down the commercial product and repos. If they don't fix that, they're going to get left behind eventually.
I could write that in an afternoon. I wouldn't jump strait to "State sponsor" it could have just as likely been some trailer park trump supporter on disability.
But you wouldn't, that would be a nightmare. You'd run them in VMs, each within it's own container. It's very unlikely OP has 1500 bare metal Ubuntu servers. They're going to be VMs of varying size.
Well, that's the thing... It shouldn't. You've every right to bring up the fact that it truly is a waste of your very expensive time. You cost your employer a lot of money, and your time should be spent on things that better utilize your skills. The error you're making is in trivializing the need that your users clearly have. The real problem is, why are *you* helping them? Can you pass the work to a help desk? Can you setup a automated logging system that can enable and disable common logging features via an automated form of some sort? Then they can click a button, run their test, see the result? If you've got devs on site, utilize them, these are the sorts of problems they're there to solve. When I contact my security folks, they don't even bat an eye "Are you connecting from your workstation? Cool, yep, I see it. It's blocked, you need to put in a ticket to get that opened up. Here's the link, have a good one." They used to be annoyed by this crap to. But they were so annoyed by it, they finally built themselves tools to make it less annoying. Now we buy them donuts on a regular basis and they can spend the bulk of their time on more interesting problems.
Yea, mine was 20mb on a Compaq. Cost $200 if I remember correctly. I wondered how I'd ever use all the space. It took a week I think. Then, years later, I got a new computer with an 80mb hard drive. How would I ever fill that up? Then Ultima 7 came out, and I had to basically uninstall everything to make room for it, and it needed a special boot disk because of its crazy memory manager. Now I have a 3TB drive in my main computer and don't have to wory about space. We won't mention the servers in the rack in the basement.
Android apps are written in Java. To make a distinction between them and a "website" is a bit silly. That said, OP doesn't know what he's talking about either. The two of you need to stop down voting each other and get along. There's an answer to OP's question, I'll answer that in the main thread.
Yep. I hope you offered him a cane after you robbed him blind.
Use color e-ink instead to conserve battery, put a hidden button on it to switch titles, and then let someone switch between games, and labels, plug it into a real Nintendo and play the selected game. oh... and charge the battery off the Nintendo while it's plugged in.
sorry, poor typing on my part... I wrote a thing and deleted and edited, whatever. Android is open source (yes we can argue that point all night) but point being, dude should just sideload one of the open source youtube apps.
&gt; the app on Android TV isn't just loading a web url. What makes you think that? I mean, seriously, it's really not that much more complicated than what you just said. I guess it would be hard to explain unless your wrote Java webapps... not that I write a lot of them, but they're effectively just opening an URL. https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/docs/ So the url the youtube app is opening is: https://www.googleapis.com/youtube/v3 The only real difference is the Java app can deliver a "Body" and headers to the url it's calling. You get a response with a list of content, and the app can do stuff, or wait for user input, etc... Basically any app like this is just a browser with some scripts. If you've ever used Reddit Enhancement Suite for Reddit... like that.
I'm not a reddit liberal, and I actually have a kid in school... unlike you. You're just a racist, desperately scrambling to justify your own racism. You're failing.
Well it certainly has a well know relationship with anxiety, so it's not impossible.
It has a well studied antipsychotic effect and is often used by people who don't have access to prescription medications to self medicate their disease.
Everyone's different. It exacerbates anxiety in many people.
Right... but given the amount of force on both sides, I somewhat doubt the effect is all that relevant. Much more relevent is the Lion having 2 x 1.5" teeth sunk into the rope and 16 x 2" claws dug into the ground. The rope is effectively bolted to a post.
a border collie in a metropolitan environment? Dudes an asshole.
You're probably going to fall off of something.
&gt; Truth be told if you lose to someone who you didn't see or hear you probably did something wrong unless they landed a nutty shot. Or you ran into one of the 1-5 players every match that are using a radar hack... The problem with PUBG isn't really the design of the game play as a whole. It's that they didn't even consider hacking in their game design in the first place. In the end having radar is such a huge advantage, and the match sizes have so many players, there are bound to be a couple in every match you play. You look at a game like Overwatch and subtle hacks like radar don't provide much advantage at all unless you're playing Widow and her Ult literally already is radar. (clever) The match sizes are only 12 people, so you have a much better statistical chance of playing most of your matches without running into someone running a hack.
Some do... some don't. That's what the NSFW tag is for, so you get a choice in the matter.
I don't judge. You can be grossed out by whatever you want to be grossed out by... as long as you don't decide for me whether or not I'm allowed to see it.
Air compressor... outside preferably.
So... not to make you feel even worse but... At one point we stopped at this "Women's Hospital" which was effectively a couple of cinder block buildings with beds for women to give birth in, 1 doctor, and their pride and joy a used Ultrasound machine someone had donated. While we were touring that this guy comes into the compound with a donkey pulling a cart with rugs on it. So I'm taking pictures of him like some Japanese tourist but then I realize he's got this concerned look on his face. When he got up to where we were, with the doctor giving us the tour, he pulled back the top rug and there's this dude laying there. It was is brother, he'd fallen out of a tree. This was the only medical facility in the area so that's where he took him. All the doctor could do was confirm that he was dying and there was nothing he could do. Here's my touristy picture of him before I realized what was going on: https://i.imgur.com/KymkN3R.jpg I still feel like an ass for just standing their like an idiot while this was all going on. I couldn't call 911, I couldn't put him in a car and take him somewhere, he just died right in front of us and we were all helpless.
That site is basically 1 guy ranting... He's put up other articles about iter and was forced to take them down after the threat of a lawsuit. http://coldfusioncommunity.net/steve-krivit-article-on-discrepancies-in-iter-taken-down/
What investigation? He's not accused of anything criminal. An ex-girlfriend basically ranted in a blog post that he was a bad boyfriend. People bitching about their ex's is nothing new under the sun. This happens to us all. Generally you learn how to be a good partner, by first being a bad partner over and over again until you learn how to treat people right. I know I was a shitty boyfriend to several of my ex's before I realized the way I was acting was shitty. That's is what dating is. But he's got more going on... he's a celebrity. His *job* is to manage his image, and he done fucked up. Whether she's telling the truth or not, he should have dated someone else, or realized that maybe her impression of him was poor, and he should have sucked it up and made amends with her.
Their violating PCI 4.1 and if Visa/Mastercard finds out they'll lose their accreditation and no longer be able to take credit card payments at all. I do this sort of thing for a living, and find this on smaller online stores all the time. Often they've purchased some sort of package that handles payments for them, but they've built the website themselves and their ignorance leads to SSL breaking mistakes. A week ago I was trying to order a pizza online and found their payment system unsecured like this. They had a "Bug" button so I clicked that and told them they were violating PCI. I actually got a reply from a very nice, very skilled woman within 10min. She understood I knew what I was talking about and asked if I could document what was wrong so she could take it up the chain. So I provided her with packet captures and a detailed test plan. Basically she worked for a Saas service the pizza place had subscribed to, but then they'd dumped the Saas service's billing window into an iFrame and circumvented their port 80 redirect to 443. lol
Joann fabrics... Learn a new skill.
Thanks for replying to a 2 week old post...
I think this might be the beginning of the end of Youtube. They are pissing off exactly the wrong people. These are the groups that, given the right motivation, will introduce a strong competitor.
"Madison" isn't a race.
I'd still try backing off the gain and see what happens. Maybe borrow a decent distortion pedal from a friend, see if it makes a difference.
Should really just post it here. I don't go to that sub for a reason.
She should have never stopped walking, should have never talked to them.
They're going to be buying 256gb flash ic's by the pallet. They won't pay anywhere near that. I'm betting these will be around the $100k-$200k mark.
If you can find a Peavey Ultra, it's basically the same amp but with an active EQ in the lead section. They're cheaper because people don't know what they are, but they sound just as good.
I feel like everyone's forgetting there's no way to test for most drugs... Acid, Mushrooms, E, bath salts... etc... etc... He could have been tripping balls and they'd have no way of testing his blood for that.
Martin's and Taylor's are all a rip off as far as I'm concerned. So what's that mean? "Value" isn't based on anything real, it's all in your head. Ask 5 different people what a thing is worth and you'll get 5 different answers. Personally I think you should just enjoy your new guitar and get over it. Scuffs and Scratches are part of a guitars character. Guitars without them are like couches with plastic on them. Yes, they remain perfect forever, but they're also cold and uncomfortable. Get comfy with your new couch, play a song, and relax. Life's too short.
&gt; If you're buying one thing and they sell you another, yeah, do something bout it. Yea, but he had that chance in the store when he bought it. He knew all the scuffs were there, and the "year" of the guitar being off by 1 is a bit silly. I'm sure the store got the guitar from Martin in 2017, it was just a 2016 production model guitar. What's the difference between a 2016 Martin and a 2017? Nothing, that's what. Check out the going rates for the exact same guitar on Reverb: https://reverb.com/marketplace?query=martin%20d-28%202016&amp;sort=price%7Casc&amp;page= He got a good deal if you measure that by going rate. His concern is about buyers remorse, and pride... because that's way too much money to spend on a guitar. Which is my primary problem with Martins and Taylors. They're so God damned expensive you can't help but feel ripped off every time you pick it up. And if some kid runs on stage and knocks it over? God help that kid. I want to buy an instrument, not a collectors item I have to play with white gloves on.
They major difference for me between a &lt;$1000 guitar and a Martin/Taylor is setup. As long as the guitar hasn't been sitting in the store as a floor model for 5 years, you can typically pick up a Martin and it's ready to go. The setup is perfect, the frets are immaculate, the intonation is unquestionable. But I can buy a $500 Ibanez, take it to the Luthier I always go to, and $50 later it's in the same shape. But because I save all that money, I can now invest in my favorite Machine heads, [Gotoh 510z 21:1 autolocking tuners](https://www.picclickimg.com/d/l400/pict/292519266809_/NEW-Gotoh-SGL510Z-L5-Tuning-Keys-Set-121-Ratio.jpg). And maybe a [built in tuner](https://media.musiciansfriend.com/is/image/MMGS7/Sonic-Tuner-For-Acoustic-Guitar-Soundholes/H09908000000000-00-500x500.jpg)? I'd be terrified to install any of that on a Martin.
I was a DJ in the early/mid 90s and got free tickets to any show that was in my state basically. So I went to thousands of shows in that time... I think Pantera was either the opening act or headliner for about half of them. lol I saw them play at least 100x, met them a couple of times, they couldn't have been nicer guys. Big, bad-ass tough guys that shook your hand, smile at you, and let you know you were in the big bad-ass tough-guy club with them.
My grandmother would be around 120 now if she were still alive, lost something like 10+ kids to all sorts of shit. Childbirth, disease, car accident, one kid played with a gun and shot himself. etc... etc... it was hard time.
They are probably writing a short story or something and are asking about theoretical to make their story accurate. It's a legit question.
They wouldn't brute force a password. Even a much smaller password would nearly impossible for even futuristic computers. Think of a complex password as a 500 foot thick brick wall. Doubling the thickness is pointless, your attacker started tunneling under your wall hours ago. There are always other ways in.
No, it's about half a cubic foot. Hence the 15-20lb figure. Teak is almost twice the density.
&gt;That board looks about 10 inches across. &gt;depth of about an inch You are not good at this. You should stop while you're ahead. Those staples are used in fencing, look it up. Those are 9 gauge staples and the *smallest* size they come with a square head like that is 3/8" but those are probably 1/2" Regardless, if you're 1" thick claim were to be believed, these staples would have to be 1/8" wide. That's a pencil lead. They wouldn't be strong enough to drive into wood. If we assume the smallest size these stables come in, this is 3" thick. Which corresponds to about the width of that yolk. Again, 3" wide seems about right. If you then take the yolk and measure the diameter of the board, it fits about 5x so the min width is 14-15" minimum... based on what's easily re-searchable in the picture.
Build yourself a carbon filter: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2444199
Unless there's drugs or a corpse, the police don't show up.
Correct, but keep in mind how dogs were likely domesticated. Eating humans thrown out food. So as the millennia ticked by, dogs were naturally bred to be friendlier and cuter. Because a friendly cute animal would be more likely to safely get food from humans and survive the encounter. Raccoons started late because of geography, but the same process is still likely happening. Meaning, Raccoons haven't been domesticated yet. But they're probably in the middle of the process.
That's not really true. It's a myth that's based on a really sketchy report produced by a pro-gun group. Their claim is only technically true if you accept quite a few caveats. Full explanation here: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/united-states-lower-death-shootings/ I'm pro-gun rights myself, but I like to argue with facts, not fake studies.
I wonder what kind of jacket Melania will wear for him?
Yep... profit motives. Look at linkedin. They got so aggressive they're they only domain I've blocked outright on our mail server. That spam was getting nuts.
Op didn't limit their comment to the electoral college. The whole "collusion with a hostile foreign dictatorship to use military assets to manipulate the electorate" thing looms large...
You're over complicating this. Disconnect your TV from the internet. Problem solved. You should be using it like a monitor, connect an Nvidia shield if you want the menus, Netflix and such. It's better anyway.
yea but, if he's refusing medical treatment, he had no business reading her chart.
They don't. Glass door has secret mechanism for rolling off reviews. We don't know what those are, and selling access to that information is how they make their money. *Time* is likely one of them, but God knows what the rest are. The site *is* useless as far as job reviews go. What it's useful for is sucking money out of enterprise. If they convince new employees that the reviews are meaningful, employers till pay to influence that. It's useless with regard to the thing is pretends to be... but useful in what it actually is... a profit engine.
Well, that's probably what happened here. I used to do rock crawlers, and what we'd do is go find something that was broken down for a good deal, fix it, fuck with the suspension and give it a cool paint job. I recognise most of the after market parts in the image. This is all standard stuff strait out of the truck magazines.
I wasn't questioning the Kemper. I was questioning the value of this post and the Youtube video it links to. Lets see how many other people gave a fuck about this post... oh yep... nobody.
&gt; nonetheless I always hear terrible tones from metal players. :) Well right... but that has more to do with the metal players than the amplifier. Primarily because they hear their favorite band, want to sound like them, then dial in that tone... but forget that that tone had a bass guitar in it to... So they're flubbing out their speakers and... well yea, it turns into a tiny mess in the end. Also they think Gain = Distortion, which it's not.
You can play a bass through a guitar cab just fine. The problem with Bass amps is, it low frequencies contain a lot more energy than high frequencies. So if you're playing guitar on stage with a 50 watt amp, your bassist is probably running 200-500 watts just to keep up with your volume, and the bassist is pushing most of that power into the low end. You blow your guitar amp in the middle of a show, borrow the bass amp without having any time to mess with the EQ and end up blowing your speakers to. So yea, you can use an *appropriately matched* bass amp with a guitar speaker just fine. You just have to realize what your doing, and get it setup in a quiet environment where you'll notice if your speakers are starting to flub.
I think you're making the mistake a lot of democrats made with Trump. He "stole" the election, he cheated, he colluded, he didn't win the popular vote. Yea yea... he's a dick, we get it. But those are excuses. 63 million people voted for Trump. That's a big chunk of people. The same goes for Erdogen... a **lot** of people are voting for him. He's not stuffing those ballot boxes himself. Figure out *why* they're voting for him... it's important. Just as the reason *why* people are voting for Trump is important. Learn from defeat.
You have to read your devices manuals to know what the lights mean. Usually green = connected at max speed. If your wifi repeater is at all new, it's doubtful they could even find a 10/100 wifi port to install in it. My houses thermostat is gigabit. If you list the switches manufacturer and model number we could look it up for you.
With that compelling argument, I guess you just win?
lol ok bud. You just keep arguing with yourself.
What? Wow, no, that is **not** how HIPAA works. If you're suggesting you're actually a pharmacist, holy fuck you need to really review this, you're in serious legal jeopardy if you don't understand this inside and out. You need to read this: https://www.hipaajournal.com/hipaa-compliance-for-pharmacies/ That's just a high level overview... and that just covers HIPAA. There are also likely state and local laws that offer even more restrictions, and then on top of that, company policy.
well, luckily I didn't go to a hospital while there, so I can't speak to that.
I actually have a lot of experience with survey stuff like this. I remember a study that came out about 15yrs ago that said that in a 5 star system, 95% of reviews were either 0 or 5, no in between. The lesson from that was that people only leave extreme reviews. So our goal in a review situation like that is to push the 0 customer ever so slightly higher. Because as soon as their opinion changed to a 1? They wouldn't bother leaving a review. So this is why, when you have a service experience these days, even if what just happened was horrible, "Sorry sir, we are repossessing your house, sorry about the cancer." at the end of that call, the agent will launch into some ridiculous personal thing that makes no sense given the context "But now that we've got that out of the way, I'll tell you what... we've this program that might help, I'll send that over to you and you can set up an appointment" So you do, and find out a week later it's bullshit and wont help. You're just as mad as ever now... but you didn't leave a 0 review. You may think it's dumb, because they didn't make you happy in the end, but that wasn't their goal. Their goal was to prevent you from leaving that 0.
Oh, I probably just already got my crank troll posts out of the way for the day before I got to your post. lol
This is why they want to find Hillary's emails so bad... They're trying to find out where to hide their own.
You need to educate him... Weekly.
You don't. pihole doesn't really protect you from anything in the first place. Just don't install geforce experience. Problem solved.
They assumed they were going to win, and didn't want to deny Hillary the chance.
No, it doesn't. It blocks *some* mass-market adverts. That's it. If you think it's providing you with any sort of security, you're the one who's dangerously wrong here.
I keep hearing this argument, and whether it's true or not, it's still an excuse. If you're a sprinter in the Olympics, and you just lost the last race to a guy you're pretty sure is on steroids, spending the time in between races bitching about his cheating instead of preparing your ass off is foolish. The democrats made mistakes... regardless of Trumps cheating. They targeted the wrong demographics, pushed the wrong issues, campaigned in the wrong states. The Russians didn't hack Hillary Clinton out of Wisconsin.
Agreed. This hyper focus on tiny minority groups like LGBT is insane. I agree, they need representation and their issues are important... but they're **not** important to much of the voting public. You can fight for LGBT rights, but **run** on jobs. That's a thing. Democrats need to stop fighting to win the votes of people that have no other choice to vote for them in the first place. They need to fight for swing voters.
&gt;I never even said the word security. but then... &gt; It adds another level of security to your network and can easily stop plenty of traffic from coming in or going out. lol... See the problem is, the pihole **is not a security device and was never intended to be.** But you're assuming it is, which is clear by this thread. You think it is, and the person I replied to thinks it is. It adds no level of "security" at all. **None.** &gt;You can EASILY block entire domains from your network That serves what purpose? Lets assuming accessing any particular server in the world were dangerous, how would blocking a domain prevent you from access it? Do you know how DNS works? If you even blocked the specific IP of that server, do you think that would actually prevent you from accessing that server? In the case of Nvidia running some shady shit, trying to collect your porn habits or whatever... the premise of this thread, it would have no impact at all. All Nvidia has to do is change the target IP and your pihole is useless. In fact, if you look at any of the packet captures people have linked to in the above posts you can clearly see that, that's exactly what they're doing, they've got IP's up to wazzu. Even if you blocked all of them, you're still going to update their driver... they can switch it over to a proxy. They can still switch their IP ranges, companies do it all the time. Again, I'll say it one more time: **The pihole is for blocking ads. That's it.**
I have better aim with Torb than most snipers have. lol
Well, this is a 4 day old post, and next time you might want to read the rules in the sidebar over there. Enjoy the ban.
The first amendment is exceptionally strong in the United States. We can say almost anything. That's a good thing. But it does have it's consequences.
Or maybe with shouldn't try to draw too many conclusions based on the actions of the seriously mentally ill, beyond that, we should really do a better job helping the seriously mentally ill.
Or... they could just sell keycaps for what they cost... 5 cents... and no-one would bother stealing them from displays.
The most damage these sorts of cracks cause is when the worried owner starts trying to fix them...
What you're referring to is called: "defamation" Winning a defamation suit in the United States is nearly impossible. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_defamation_law This benefits the left far more than it does the right. Yes, the right can cheat and lie and get away with it. But countries with strong anti defamation laws use those laws almost exclusively to gag dissenting opinion. Try and post an article critical of chiropracty or alternative medicine in the UK and you'll get sued into bankruptcy by their respective trade organisations almost immediately.
Coffee is the "Moonshine" caffeinated beverages. Why the fuck are you using Coffee to caffeinated yourself? You're effectively doing shots for breakfast and wondering why you're drunk by lunchtime. Try some Tea for Gods sake. lol I recommend Earl Grey.
Demeaning others, wont make you feel better about yourself, no matter how hard you try. Have a nice holiday.
Why would it? He's allowed to retire whenever he wants to. They could flat out pay him cash to retire early, and that would be perfectly legal.
The democrats lost because they ran the only candidate with worse poll numbers than Donald Trump. Literally **any other democrat** that tried for the nomination would have won handily, even with the Russian bullshit. The democrats failed you, not everyone else. If you keep blaming everyone else, you'll lose again. Next election, run someone worth voting for.
&gt; Hillary Clinton was a great candidate and received the 2nd most votes of any Presidential candidate in history. But lost the election.
Crowd source a public / open source release. I'd throw in a couple of bucks.
Are you sure your repo's are good? That your addons have been updated? I've had issues in the past where I found the repo I'd been using had been abandoned.
Visit /r/CBD for info on CBD oil. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; --- Since this sub removes short posts, please enjoy: ######[A Manual of the Steam-engine: For Engineers and Technical Schools](https://play.google.com/books/reader?id=xMQ1AQAAMAAJ&amp;hl) - By Robert Henry Thurston - 1891 &gt; CHAPTER I. DESIGN OF THE STEAM-ENGINE I. The General Design of the Steam-engine involves the study of the prescribed conditions under which it is to be operated. Such are, for example, its location and the amount and character of its work; the costs of the engine and its accessories, and the expenses incidental to its operation; the steampressure proposed or permissible; the relative value for the place and purpose of low- and high-speed, of vertical or horizontal engines, of simple or complex gearing; and the nicety of regulation demanded. These facts and data are usually easily ascertainable by the designing engineer, if not supplied by his employer. The considerations determining the type to be adopted in any given case, in which the engineer is called upon to design an engine for a specified locality and purpose, are thus such as relate to space occupied, weight of engine and often of fuel, and all the economical conditions which have been studied as part of the theory of actual engines. It is frequently the fact that the conditions affecting the case are such as to produce a very definite type, and one which, while peculiarly well fitted to the specified place and purpose, could not well be substituted for a type equally definitely adapted to another application. It is thus that the locomotive and the marine engine have always been made to differ, and the one is never made to do the duty of the other; nor is a factory engine ever removed from its proper location to do duty in place of either. The stationary; the locomotive; the marine engine: each forms a distinct and well-recognized type; and, as a rule, when the duty to be performed is prescribed within this classification, the general character of the machine is at once settled.
Must have been someone from legal...
Check for updates.
It doesn't matter. 4K and up are the new "Analog is better" It's not based on science. The average household sits 10 feet away from their TV. Figure out what yours is, and work from there. I'm just going with 10ft because that's about what mine is. If you take my 65" TV, I'd have to be sitting less than 8 feet away before, even with perfect vision, perfect viewing angle, and no other considerations, that I'd even be physically capable of distinguishing between 1080p and 4K. If you had a 50" TV it'd have to be under 6' [This page](https://www.rtings.com/tv/reviews/by-size/size-to-distance-relationship) has a chart about 3/4s of the way down explaining it. For 4K to make sense, you need to be sitting very close to a very large TV. My brother-in-law does that... he's got a 75" TV he paid more for than I did my car. He sits so close his footrest almost hits the TV. I can't stand that, it makes me sick swinging my head back and forth. But if you've got a typical setup? It just doesn't add up. I'm not saying you shouldn't get a 4k TV, there aren't a lot of alternative options. But if your options are last years high end 1080P HDR HFR model verses this years entry level model that's 4K and missing all that... go for last years model. Or, if like me, you just don't want to bother with disk space, bandwidth, whatever... again, there's no point.
I support this system. At first it seemed draconian. Then I realized, while it's true that I'm an asshole and would totally get banned from flying... But I also hate flying and my wife loves expensive beach vacations.
Not really.
&gt; Let Worf wear some weird sash that I'm still unclear as to the actual purpose of. Worf was actually a shaved wookie. According to the wookipedia that sash held extra ammo for his carbine.
In business you charge what people are willing to pay. Period. In SpaceX's case, my guess is the only reason they aren't charging more is they have to compete with the outright bribery going on in the rest of the industry. It's hard for corrupt officials to explain not doing business with SpaceX when the saves are 8 figures per launch.
[That first picture](https://i.imgur.com/eDlQ8jW.jpg) is the one that most accurately represents what early 80s computing looked like.
&gt;i have never once used a capo Why? Seriously, they're like a couple of dollars... you can do so many cool things with them.
OP is James Franco. Nice try Franco, we're not falling for your BS.
I know, we had to hire someone to maintain UI's in a CRM we have. My boss is trying to write it up and I tell him to put down experience in a CRM. He says "They don't need experience in a Customer Records Management" and I said "I know, CRM stands for Customer Relationship Manager. It's a ticketing system" and he says "No, no it doesn't. A CRM is a customer records management system. That's what we use application XYZ for!" So I had to remind him that that application was not a CRM, it was never called a CRM, and when he insisted on calling it that, not only did I argue with him for a week over it, the vendor setup a conference call to explain what the application was for and what a CRM was. They did sell a CRM product, this was not it. He went ahead and labeled it CRM anyway. We went forward with the interview process and he started quizzing prospects on their experience in billing systems. I facepalmed my embarrassment all the way through it.
&gt;These receipts contain all your info. Your email and home address and the card you used to buy this extremely glitched game. PCI violations are no joke. Whatever else you may feel about what's happened here, if this is true, Visa will turn this into a come to jesus moment for Bethesda.
It's a PCI violation. Regardless of the law, Visa and Mastercard will not be kind. The fines involved are... substantial. They could revoke their ability to process payments. If you were affected, here's how you can file a complaint: https://www.pcicomplianceguide.org/how-do-i-report-a-pci-violation/
&gt;I generally don’t like their attitude to the Kodi community who at the end of the day is giving them business It's a legal thing. They don't want to get shut down. So you're not even allowed to mention kodi.
Have you ever had Oracle as a vendor? Its orders of magnitude worse.
I've had far worse than that. They've tried to charge us insane licensing overages that were clearly fake, threatening to terminate contacts, file lawsuits... Then offer to have "High level meetings" about the matter... Only to find out later that the *specialists* they sent in were actually a sales team. It was all a ruse to get our executives into a room to hear a sales pitch. Oracle is cancer.
No they don't. This is something they should have tested months ago. There are fairly simple ways to load test the servers. A hamfisted example would be to just give us beta testers multiple logins and have an event. This is how the old RunUO projected did it. But there are far more elegant ways of automating testing. They just skipped it. My guess would be time constraints or expense.
Your ability to deal with nonsense like this is what makes you valuable. Scrubs strait out of tech school can handle the latest and greatest software. It doesn't take half a brain. A great admin rolls with the punches, digs through old documentation, and somehow bubblegums 20yr old software together with stuff that's brand new. I've got equipment that's from, and I'm not kidding, the 1960s. I don't bitch, I wear it as a badge of honor. I got that piece of shit to work, because I'm that good. (well, we... lots of people help) But, I also don't take the blame for hardware/software that's older than I am, acting like it's expected to act. I document what we *should* do, the expense, etc... someone, somewhere, decides not to replace it. I say "Sir, Yes Sir" and get to work. I'm glad I have work to do.
I'm a software developer myself, and I have a feeling I know what's going on behind the scenes at the moment. If I were you, I'd wait until after the holiday. They might be in a situation where some devs wives have laid down the law and they're facing divorce if they don't deal with the family over the holiday. It's not good, and not good for the game, but from a practical perspective, I think we'll suddenly get a lot more info a week or two into January once all the devs wives have been a bit placated.
I have chronic pain/illness that no-one can figure out. I've seen well over 100 doctors, have had a group of them refer me to the Mayo clinic but my insurance refuses to pay. The doctors had basically written me off as crazy until my symptoms started turning physical in such a way that they couldn't possibly be psychosomatic. So, when I give you advice on this, I'm speaking from experience. I am not a doctor, this is not medical advice. But I can maybe help you navigate the medical system. 1. Go to Mental health, get a therapist. * Firstly, all disease is affected my your mental health. I don't care if you have advanced lung cancer, studies have proven just basic CBT can have a dramatic effect on disease progression. Get in, get a shrink, talk about it. * You don't need to just talk about **you** in therapy. The *main* thing I talk about with my therapist is my doctors. He helps me better understand their psychology, why they might act the way they do, and how to get them to be more helpful rather than sulk about how they may have treated me. I don't care what they think of me, I want their help. If that takes a little smiling at nodding, so be it. * What's the #1 way doctors blow you off? "I think that therapy might be your best option..." and I snap back "Yep, I'm in therapy. Every 2 weeks for the past 8 years. I also have a separate Psychologist I see every 2 months. If you'll check my chart, there's a note from her explaining how/why this is not a mental health issue." Done... They can't use mental health as an excuse to blow you off, if you're in mental health already. * Advocacy: Your therapist isn't a doctor, they're great and helpful but they don't have the "Dr" flag. Your psychologist however, is board certified, fancy pants doctor with all the titles and ribbons that go along with it. When they speak, other doctors listen. That's who put the note in my chart, when doctors see it they say "Oh..." also make it clear to your psychologist and regular doctors, they can speak about you, share info if they want to. You're willing to sign releases if need be. Be open about it all. 2. Start tracking your symptoms now. * Whatever you do, don't get OCD on it. A simple notebook is fine. Some doctors will hold it against you if you come in with a briefcase full of scattered notes. * Try and categorize your issues in a meaningful way. What comes and goes. What's constant. What's brain, whats' skin, etc... * For the things that come and go, start tracking when that happens, for how long and use intensity scales from 1 to 10. Doctors like that scale even though it's fairly silly. * Start tracking your diet. Try and cook your own food, avoiding foods that are pre-made. They can put anything in that stuff, and regardless of how you feel about processed food, if you've got some random allergy or something, you're never going to know what it is unless you know what's in your food. Cook for yourself, and cook healthy. Eliminate nuts, wheat, whatever (there are lists of stuff online) and see if you get better over a period of a week or so. If you do, add things back in and see if you get sick again. Look back at your log "I started getting sick again on thursday... oh... wednesday is when I ate that walnut thing!" etc... If you find evidence like that, don't stick to this weird diet... it might be unhealthy. Take what you're suspicious of back to your doctor for tests to confirm what you're thinking. Find out if avoiding that food is safe, maybe talk to a nutritionist. * When you see a new specialist, don't whip out your chart until you get a feel for them. If they are asking for a lot of details, mention you have a log, then bring it out. There's a certain type of doctor that will roll their eyes and write you off as soon as they see something like that. 3. Learn how the system works * Most of us, including myself, think that you go in with a concern: "I think I have cancer! Send me to the oncologist!" That is not how the system works. * Doctors refer you and run tests based on symptoms. Not concerns. * You need to explain any and all of your symptoms to your primary doctor and get referrals based on those. Why are you sticking with a Rheumatologist? Even if you do have an autoimmune disease, just about every specialty there is deals with autoimmune diseases. Rheumatologists only deal with a select few. * You mentioned dry eyes. Go see your eye doctor. Explain your symptoms. You can walk into a Lens Crafters and even that dude can do a couple of tests. 4. Things you could request to be tested - Things your primary doctor can just order that are cheap and usually approved automatically. * Routine blood count * Thyroid * HIV * Hepatitis * Lyme's disease (depending on where you live) * ANA (inflammatory disease) * ESR * SS-A / SS-B (Sjögren’s antibody tests) * Just ask them if there are any other basic blood tests they can run that might help identify what's going on. Good luck! Stick with it, you'll get through this!
It is possible to have an autoimmune disorder without having the corresponding antibody or change in IgE. But that's not really how they diagnose autoimmune diseases. They run multiple tests. Total blood count, ESR, Ig tests, etc... The chances of passing *all* of those tests and still having an autoimmune disease are very slim. This is why you need a doctor to help you interpret the results and explain them to you. You *could* have a food allergy that has nothing to do with wheat/gluten. Commercially made bread can have damned near anything in it. Bake your own, with the rawest ingredients you can find so you know exactly what's in it. Do you still feel ill? Maybe you're allergic to sesame seeds or some nonsense.
I've got one scheduled and I am farsighted. I had this at my last exam but the optometrist said my prescription was correct. But I kept calling it "blurry" and am wondering if I mislead him.
Excellent! Take this with a grain of salt, I'm assuming you wanted feedback... It's hard to hear something great and not want to help make it even better. I felt you were rushing a bit. The arrangement is great, but the tempo felt but too fast for my tastes and the staccato a bit too abrupt. I like what you're going for here, if just tone it back a tad. The recording might have played a roll in that as well. This is obviously all down to taste, so if you like it the at it is, feel free to ignore me. :-)
&gt;Any surgeries or trauma? CSF leak and diplopia are rarely associated individually, there are more common binocular issues such as a strabismus to be the cause. If you do have a leak, you probably have other symptoms. Headaches? Ringing in ears? Numbness? Yes, I have *every* symptom. The diplopia was the only questionable thing. I had a block of wood hit me in the face, almost knocking me out a few years ago when this all started. They haven't been able to figure this out. I had 2 sinus surgeries this year and things are even worse now. The surgeon is baffled. But my drainage is now almost transparent. I figured out I can trigger the headache by hanging my head in a specific way (backwards/upside down) etc...
I cancelled prime last week. I ordered $800 worth of stuff. It took over a week to arrive. I tried contacting Amazon, but they have thoroughly gutted customer service. Their argument was, I got 2 day shipping, they just hadn't shipped yet. When the stuff finally arrived, one item was damaged and another wasn't in the box at all. It took be 2hrs sitting in their shitty chat app to get my money refunded. Every 5min or so the chat agent would just vanish and get replaced by some random new agent with that spoke a new dialect and I'd have to completely re-explain the issue to. I tried asking around in some Amazon subs here and it quickly became apparent they're run by Amazon staff. I'm no longer a fan.
These are all just games played by Amazon. They are 100% responsible. They put the vendor on their site and stand behind their products. Then they obfuscate that fact intentionally to make it difficult for us to notice where outs coming from and even ship in Amazon packaging.
&gt; How the hell does someone who's primary business data is CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION get a pass on this? It's mind bottling. I work in the industry. I'm often confused by the general public, and even Reddits reaction to this sort of thing. They are a business. They have a 50 year old billing system. Upgrading that system would cost them tens of millions of dollars. I know, many would argue it wouldn't cost that much, they are wrong. Systems this old are different. You're not exporting via a SQL query. This shit is nutz, and the people that still know how to work in it, know what to charge for getting yanked out of retirement. Furthermore, like you said... it's going to have the living fuck audited out of it. That's expensive. So imagine you're a middle manager at Equifax. You have to go to your leadership and argue "We need to spend $50 million to upgrade our systems." and they're going to ask why. "Well, our certs are out of date" and they're going to ask who's job it is to ensure they're not out of date... See where this is headed? "Well, we're not sure the site is secure..." and they're going to ask how the hell they are paying you $X per year and you don't know. They *don't understand* how this stuff works, and from their perspective, old things are simpler, and new things are more complicated. In IT that mechanism is turned on its head. Ever fucked around with a mainframe from the 1970s? yeesh... What this leads to is a situation where mid-level leadership has to put their career at risk to secure the company. They will very likely get fired after bringing up these sorts of issues. Not *because* they caused them... but because they'll get blamed. Everyone up the chain is going to look for a $50mil scapegoat and they're it. Even worse, the person that replaces them is going to the be whomever's willing to lie about how bad things are. "He was overblowing the situation! We just need another spreadsheet!" YOU'RE HIRED! The only thing that will fix this is legislation. The **most profitable** place to sell stolen user information should be the federal government. Place bounties on personal information like this that are greater than their value to the criminal world, then force whomever was responsible for the breach to pay the bounty.
&gt; From my point of view, this type of gross negligence is unacceptible at any level of business. But that's just it. It is acceptable... at the financial level. You read about breaches like this every other day and there's rarely any real penalty. &gt;If we’re not seeing similar breaches at experion and other credit reporting agencies, then doesn’t that put a bit of a damper on the idea that it’s just expensive and inconvenient to patch these vulnerabilities? It could be that they have better security... Or it could be that it's so much worse they're not even aware they've been breached. &gt;Also, we bought a new extinguisher last month since the one we have is set to expire at the beginning of the year. 😃 Well done. I actually had to use mine and need a knew one. lol
I vividly remember getting chewed out for a long distance call to colorado once. My mom asking who the hell I was talking to in colorado at the age of 10. I said "A computer?" The look on her face... lol
I used to know someone that worked in retail theft prevention. I'd laughed at the theft tags they put on the clothing once, and she explained they weren't there to really stop theft. She said just about anyone could pull a theft prevention tag off a garment... but when they did so, they had to use both hands, put a lot of force into it, and when the tag broke free, their arms would fly apart in an exaggerated fashion. The tags were designed this way intentionally because the motion was very unnatural and would be obvious to anyone around them. If you're in an office environment, pulling the cover off a desktop, people around you might notice. That's the point of the bios password. It doesn't prevent access. It makes your attempt to access it obvious.
The bongs/drug references The sexual references I'm fairly certain they weren't sober in a few videos. It's a great channel, I love their videos, and I don't really mind my kid viewing the content they had. But it felt disjointed, out of place and when something like that would pop up it just seemed weird. On top of that, I could never be sure how someone else would react so I didn't recommend the show to other parents usually. So, however you feel about that sort of content, know that it definitely harmed the shows subscriber count. I want the show to continue and hearing Muppets joke about bongs and Kate Upton didn't really have a lot of value to me.
&gt;I've been seeing a lot of these recently, and they don't add any value to the sub. Then downvote and move on. The bragging posts? They don't bother me... someone else is showing off their shit. I'm not impressed, but whatever, it's no sweat off my back. They're not giving anyone a hard time, or telling them their setup sux... but then we come to your post... Your post is the most unwelcoming post I've seen on this sub since I've subscribed. What they're posting isn't negative. This post is.
Which has more to do with *effectiveness* than anything else. Countries with fewer guns tend to have more failed suicide attempts. I often question the validity of these suicide statistics as guns in the US offer an easier, surer method. It's often argued that this leads to increased and more successful suicide attempts. But I suspect that once suicide by gun is off the table, other methods like jumping from buildings and bridges are much more likely to be reported as accidents.
...again... I question those statistics. Less likely because they choose not to? Or less likely because their drug overdose failed and they're not in a nursing home?
This does make sense to me. In college I was probably one of the largest pot dealers on campus. This was foolish on my part but there's some obvious logic that follows from weight based penalties in drug enforcement: * If a low potency drug carries the same penalties as a high potency drug, users will trend toward the high potency drug even if they'd prefer the lower potency because it carries less risk. This was seen during prohibition as well. * Users that have a particular amount of a drug have a direct risk-based incentive to consume their drug as soon as possible. Rather than abstinence being a *good* thing, it becomes a thing that leads to more risk of legal jeopardy. The law incentives chronic drug abuse. * Supply shortages drive users into systematic, cooperative approaches to retaining a regular supply. They *fall into* becoming dealers themselves without realizing it. From there social pressure entrenches the dealers role making it difficult to leave. Users end up keeping small supplies of the highest potency drug possible. Supply systems change to meet that need leading to a situation where there are no low potency supplies available. Dealers have no ability to age check buyers or control where their supply end up. So kids are in a position where it's easier to get the highest potency drug, in smaller, cheaper amounts, than it is to get alcohol. Most kids can get $10 worth of high potency pot within a few blocks of their house.
I'd play that.
[Basic Fantasy](https://www.basicfantasy.org/) is an open source rpg rules light framework that's easily adaptable to just about anything you can imagine. The books are cheap on Amazon, or free in pdf format. I highly recommend it. It would be pretty easy to use it for adventure time. You should go for it.
I'm not looking for easy. He's well past that. ;-)
My father is deathly allergic to shellfish. One night he walked into a fondue restaurant... They didn't make it past the front desk. Just standing in the entryway was enough to send him to the ER. They were aerosolizing the shit with their electric fondue nonsense. Another time we went to a cookout at his bosses house. The previous weekend they'd had shrimp cocktail outside. It had rained later on that week, they knew he was allergic to shrimp so they'd washed down their picnic table and put a new plastic tablecloth on it. Despite all that he still ended up reacting. Most likely you ate some nuts. Who knows how. Maybe it wasn't even related to the steak. It's christmas, nuts and nut filled candie is everywhere.
As others have said, Ibanez or Yamaha are the "honda" of the guitar world. They are fantastic workhorses that many shun based on the name alone. That's pretentious nonsense, they are fantastic instruments. The most played guitar I have is an [Ibanez AC240](https://www.guitarcenter.com/Ibanez/AC240-Artwood-Grand-Concert-Acoustic-Guitar.gc) Avoid built-in electronics. They add around $100 to the price of the guitar and add a giant hole to the body. You'll likely never use them anyway, and even if you did, you could get better electronics and install it yourself in a far less destructive way. (end-pin jack) Mahogany guitars will generally have a warmer tone than Spruce guitars. The impacts of this on your playing are not immediately evident. You should try it out in person to understand the effect. Most guitars in the store are out of tune. It makes trying them out a real pain in the ass. Get a tuner app that you know works well on your phone before you even head into the store. (a lot of them are scammy spam ridden nonsense) "Solid wood" is often touted as desirable. I've been a woodworker most of my life and this has always baffled me. Modern multi-sheet laminate woods (plywood) are superior in just about every way I can imagine. It resists moisture, warping, is stronger... I'm not saying an all wood top is bad, it's just that I don't really see a laminate top as bad. I've played both, can't hear a difference... maybe I'm deaf but, don't fall for the hype. Good luck!
I don't have a diagnosis yet. They are just suspicious and keep MRIing me over and over... But I'm a guitarist, and my symptoms (whatever they are) have been primarily neurological. I'm confused, brain fog, dizzy, etc... and the strangest thing ever is that since all this started I've been getting progressively better and better at music. Not physically, but my understanding of song structure, how chords fit together, improvisation, has improved by leaps and bounds. It's baffling. Granted, I currently have double vision, have had a sinus infection for over a year, a headache that's lasted 2 years and I can't sleep. But I'm writing so many songs I can't even think up names for them all. Fairly sure I'm the lead in a tragic lifetime movie and won't get a diagnosis until I fall over dead, penniless, and only later will someone find a long lost SD card with the magnum opus I wrote in my final days of delirium, plucking desperately at corroded strings I'd been unable to replace with clawed hands... Or I'm actually just crazy... who knows!
Right... I didn't think the prednisone was a cure. But after so many years of misery, I started to doubt my sanity. Did I just imagine a previous life where I didn't feel like this? Over the past year, due to the sinus infection that still won't go away, they put me on 40mg/day of prednisone about 6 times. I'd have 4 or 5 days of that dose, then taper off. Every time, on around the 5th day I'd suddenly feel *normal* as in, the way I'd remembered. I was still sick as a dog, The steroid made me jittery as hell, and not all of my symptoms would remit, but I had a glimmer of what once was. I don't want to take prednisone forever, I know it's bad. But I think it's evidence of something. The doctor just blew me off and said "If I took that, I'd feel like I was 18 again. That's not meaningful." and I said "I didn't feel like I was 18 again. I could think strait... I could see strait... I could walk 100 feet without sitting down to rest." It didn't make me feel *good* It made me feel like I wasn't on the cusp of death. This whole system is just so frustrating. And when you have a disease that's attacking your brain, making it hard to think, concentrate, remember things, organize your medications, it's even worse. It's like neurology is specifically designed to fuck with the sorts of patients they are treating.
Look at Stephen Hawking. He's said he doesn't think he would have done what he did without ALS. Crazy shit.
Don't be sorry. Dude's just being a dick.
Like my [Marlboro 1500B?](https://i.imgur.com/Qw8weRf.jpg)
They don't. It's a stupid macho thing to do that that's likely to harm you as much as the parson you're hitting.
The alloy content of the steel used in the hammer will have a direct impact on how quickly it will corrode. High nickel content will make it more corrosion resistant but changes the mechanical properties of the tool. Stainless steel knives for example, are very corrosion resistant. But they're difficult to sharpen and keep sharp. Often knives with the best edge require a constant oil coating to prevent corrosion. Ever noticed how hard it is to sharpen your kitchen knives? The fix is using a different steel, but they'd never survive your dishwasher. Further, these sorts of alloys are more expensive to produce, so a lot of older tools didn't bother with them at all. So it makes sense that some tools will corrode at different rates than others. The solution is as you'd suggested, oil them. WD-40 was created as part of space program to protect the Atlas rockets airframe from corrosion. WD-40 is what you should use, full stop. Spray them down once a year or once a month depending on usage and then wipe them with a rag. Heating tools destroys the steels temper. Don't do that.
I am surrounded by Catholics and they do not bring be candy. They ask me to fix their appliances quite frequently however.
I get it, and I understand your argument. What you're missing is that impeachment isn't a legal proceeding. It's a political hearing run by the senate which is currently controlled by the republican party. They won't issue the subpoenas you're going for. They won't call the witnesses you think they will. Impeachment isn't justice, it's a political bitch fest designed to allow politicians to score political points over an action that's already been decided on. ...and that's the point... Impeachment is something that's decided on before it's brought to the floor. That's what Pelosi is doing, working on the vote in the background. When she has enough (or the right) Republicans agreing to run a fair trial, she'll start the proceedings. She's not opposed to impeachment, that's ridiculous. She timing her shot. And I say all this as someone that's not a fan of Pelosi.
The software you use is going to highly depend on what it is you're trying to do. If you want to make artsy freeform stuff, then you want to use Blender. If you're trying to create mechanical things, usable parts, etc... then you'll want to use Fusion 360. There is a lot of other software out there but basically those are the 2 best *free* software applications for their respective use cases. Start with anything else and you will eventually either switch to one of these, or buy something very expensive.
In the past year I've had 2 MRIs, 6 CT scans, an injection of radio nucleotides into my brain that was so radioactive the people in the room were wearing protective gear while administering it to me and had to have a hazmat guy take away the needles and rags they used afterward. I had 8 scans under a nuclear camera in one day, 2 spinal taps and 3 exploratory surgeries into my head. The last was effectively brain surgery... I probably know more about CSF leaks than anyone in this sub. This isn't a simple blood test. It could kill you. It still might kill me if all that radiation ever catches up to me. And that's *before* actual treatment, which is riskier still. I'm not telling you that you don't have a CSF leak. I'm telling you that even if you do... testing for, and treating that leak could be far worse than the disease itself. Check out all those CSF leak videos on youtube... how many of those folks appear cured? Or are they getting blood patch after blood patch, sicker every time? I wish you luck, but you need to go into this with open eyes.
As the saying goes, OSHA regulations are written in blood. Every rule in the book has a dead mans name on it. Maybe several. Keaton got lucky. The actors that weren't as lucky, didn't get to finish their movies... or the lives for that matter.
You will most likely end up building your own printer from scratch eventually. It's seriously not nearly as difficult as it sounds at first, this hobby has turned the process into something slightly more complicated than a lego kit. In fact, depending on the leo kit, most 3D printers can be a lot easier. I'm looking at you Lego millennium falcon... So, given that perspective I'd argue that your should either just skip strait to that step and start watching YouTube videos on the topic now so you can get started... or dip your toe in with the cheapest pre-made option you can find. The monoprice mini fits that excellently. A woman I work with has one, and I've been impressed by its prints. It's has a pretty limited build volume, but in reality everyone is always unhappy with the limitations of their first printer because they weren't sure which features would be important to them until after they purchased it. At least with the mini you'll have the ability to not only learn what you'll find important given how you plan to use it, but also produce excellent small parts for the printer you'll inevitably build rather than buy them. Welcome to the hobby.
Once we have the technical capability to terraform a planet, there will be no real reason for us to do so. Gravity wells are a problem, not a solution. It would be much simpler to build a microgravity environment and just live there instead. The technology required to overcome our issues with microgravity are far less complicated than restarting an entire planet's atmosphere and ecosystem.
That's what we did. But that required disconnecting the batteries every time, it was a pain.
stp files don't equal open source... The fact that you have the stl means the model is already fairly open. You're complaining about the level of openness the author is providing and that's just not something that's required to call the work open. I put files up on thingiverse quite frequently, and can say that offering the cad files can easily quadrupal the effort required to produce the model. There's a lot of shortcuts you can take to get the results you need that won't produce a clean 3D model others can use. ...and really, if I want a cad file, I just import the mesh and use it as a model to create my own.
You're vastly underestimating my ability to cobble together an stl. I've a garden gnome mesh that I'm fairly sure is so conveluted that it became self aware so I'm afraid to print it because God help us all if it figures out I've a laser engraver attached to the gantry.
Printing parts is helpful, but at this point to can order literally everything from bangood/eBay precut to length, made out of extruded aluminum, with delivery to your door in times that rival the speed you can print them. I'm going through it now, and honestly am a bit shocked at how much the market had grown, I don't think I'll need to print anything during this build as crazy as that sounds.
The republican controlled senate would hold the impeachment trial. If it were started now, Trump would have a rock solid excuse for not cooperating with *any* other investigations. The Republicans wouldn't issue the supeanas you're hoping for, call witnesses that would matter or do anything that would even remotely resemble a real trial. Meanwhile, all of the real investigations currently being managed by democratically lead lawmakers like in the house and state legislatures would have their requests denied with "harm to ongoing matter" and that would actually get held up in court because the impeachment proceedings are a valid exception, unlike what the administration is claiming now. The democrats need to keep investigating and then file for impeachment *after* they have what they need so the Republicans can't use their control over the process to bury it.
Are you nearsighted? I diplopia and am farsighted. Bifocals and progressives are impossible for me. I can never get both eyes lined up with the correct part of the lens at the same time so I have to close one eye.
Impeachment charges are brought by the house and the trial is conviened by the republican controlled senate. There is zero chance the senate would find him guilty and even looking at the democrat controlled house suggests support is questionable. Calling impenetrable proceedings now would fail hard. This is politics. You can't legislature with emotional reactions. You need well thought out, reasoned planning. I've never been a fan of Pelosi but by God shes the right person for this moment. Have no doubt, the second the moment is right she'll call the vote. If you really want him out of office, or to face justice, you need to be patient. After this is all over congress needs to fix the law to deal with this should it happen again.
When I was a teenager I drove some friends to a party. After I got there someone offered me a beer, I said no because I was driving and my aunt was visiting so I'd be expected to socialize with her when I got home. There was a jug of Kool-aid in the fridge so I got some of that, took one swig, it was like 99% alcohol, so I spit it in the sink. At that very moment the front door opens and this drunk girl comes stumbling in saying "the party's in here..." with two cops following behind her. Kids ran out the back door, leaping fences, diving through hedges. I figured I hadn't done anything, no big deal... A cop told me I smelled like alcohol... I said "what? No, I'm not drinking... Oh yea, the Kool-aid..." and explained what happened. That was the only underage drinking ticket I ever got. I had no detectable level of alchol in my system. I was charged based on my statement alone. The judge threw it out but that was a pita and took months. From then on I was with the guys jumping fences and knew better than to talk to law enforcement.
When I did the same, I placed a rubber pan designed to hold muddy winter boots under there as well in case it leaks again. It off course did, and the pan caught it.
I had a cystogram, pledgets, CT scan, 8 nuclear camera scans with radio nucleotide tracers injected into my spinal column, 6x 3-tesla MRIs and one 7-tesla full spine and brain scan. Look up the treatment guidelines for csf leaks from the CDC and NIH. The *first* treatment is 2 weeks strict bed rest. Blood Patches are not without risk. The blood brain barrier is not something to be trifled with. You lack blood in that area for a reason.
I think you've watched a bit too much Mr. Robot...
I'm super into this stuff, but have been exceptionally ill for the past 2 years an unable to really pursue anything. So it's fanatic that the internet is a thing and I can live vicariously through your success. Thanks for sharing!
Being a hit isn't enough. It needs to be profitable. Imagine it had huge ratings, but the licensing deal wasn't great and they were having to pay more out in licensing or episode than they were taking in. Or one of the actors had a hit movie and they knew they wouldn't be able to finish the story arc without paying them a fortune.
The attack where a "hacker" stole data off a musicians minidisc... This is like the plot off a cheesy show on the WB. But hey, you're clearly the expert here so what do I know. lol
Actually, they have. The Russians didn't change *votes* they changed minds. It was less, propaganda, etc... But they convinced people to vote differently. **That** very much is reflected in these polls. Despite that propaganda he is still losing by a landslide.
Everyone misunderstands what happened here. The Republicans were concerned that democrats would take control of the legislature and handicap the Republican governor. So they passed legislation giving the governors office unprecedented power. They miscalculated and the complete reverse happened. They retained the legislature and a Democrat became governor. In a panic they scrambled to undo a system they'd inadvertently rigged against themselves. It's *good* that the governors office was stripped of these powers, though unfortunate the Republicans couldn't be made to suffer a bit more for their scummy behavior. At worst things have been set back to the way they were before they messed with the scales.
Yes
Well, she said it was overly broad and would put an undue burden on campaigns... So let's read it... &gt;Disclosure of reportable foreign contacts &gt;(1) &gt;Committee obligation &gt;Not later than 1 week after a reportable foreign contact, each authorized committee shall notify the Commission of the reportable foreign contact and provide a summary of the circumstances with respect to such reportable foreign contact. &gt;(2) &gt;Individual obligation &gt;Not later than 1 week after a reportable foreign contact— &gt;(A) &gt;each candidate shall notify the treasurer or other designated official of the principal campaign committee of such candidate of the reportable foreign contact and provide a summary of the circumstances with respect to such reportable foreign contact; and &gt;(B) &gt;each official, employee, or agent of an authorized committee shall notify the treasurer or other designated official of the authorized committee of the reportable foreign contact and provide a summary of the circumstances with respect to such reportable foreign contact. &gt;(3) &gt;Reportable foreign contact &gt;In this subsection: &gt;(A) &gt;In general &gt;The term reportable foreign contact means any direct or indirect contact or communication that— &gt;(i) &gt;is between— &gt;(I) &gt;a candidate, an authorized committee of a candidate, or any official, employee, or agent of such authorized committee; and &gt;(II) &gt;a foreign national (as defined in section 319(b)) or a person that the person described in subclause (I) believes to be a foreign national; and &gt;(ii) &gt;the person described in clause (i)(I) knows, has reason to know, or reasonably believes involves— &gt;(I) &gt;a contribution, donation, expenditure, disbursement, or solicitation described in section 319; or &gt;(II) &gt;coordination or collaboration with, an offer or provision of information or services to or from, or persistent and repeated contact with a government of a foreign country or an agent thereof. &gt;(B) &gt;Exception &gt;Such term shall not include any contact or communication with a foreign government or an agent of a foreign principal by an elected official or an employee of an elected official solely in an official capacity as such an official or employee. I hate to say it, but she kind of has a point. If *anyone* working for your campaign has a conversation with a non citizen and they have *any* suspicion the person they are talking to has *any* contact with a foreign government, they have to report it or they'd be committing a crime. To get around this, all they have to do is use a US citizen as an intermediary. It would seem a lot smarter to just make accepting foreign assistence in political campaigns illegal, regardless of who you talk to.
If that bank teller had other customers that worked with Canadian government officials, which is a totally reasonable assumption to make, then yes, that would be a violation. My point was, they could write a better law. The laws surrounding this stuff is already murky and unenforceable enough.
Yet any developer strait out of tech school could program an AI that could easily defeat the top competitive player in any fighting game you pick in any time period the game was released in. The first real threat to humans in chess was in the mid 1990s using a multimillion dollar super computer they spent 15 years designing and programming for that specific game alone. I'm not saying fighting games can't be hard, or don't have strategy. But they're not deep games. If you think they are, you just don't understand what that word means.
My point was, fuck all that... Just ban forign assistance. Regardless of how it's funneled to the campaign.
If you are anti war, reinstating the draft should be your primary goal. In fact, all citizens of voting age should be required to serve for a minimum amount of time regardless of physical ability. If you can vote for a war, you should also suffer the risks of war.
Many larger cities eventually just end up using city busses to get kids to school. School bus programs are prohibitively expensive. The district has to keep an entire fleet of very fuel inefficient vehicles, that are required to have state of the art safety features. All of these vehicles are required to operated at exactly the same time, twice a day, for only a fraction of the year. They need staff to drive these vehicles during only those 2 transit times per day, again for only part of the year. This sort of transient labor is usually handled by the exact sorts of people the district isn't allowed to hire and allow to supervise children. Everything about school bus programs is a nightmare administratively. Meanwhile, if the city is large enough it already has a massive, well maintained fleet of vehicles staffed year round by city union carear drivers, and those city busses generally have low volumes of traffic around the times the students need to use them. If they don't, the district can simply shift school hours to change load on the city bus system. All the district has to do is work with the buss system to shift funds and issue passes. The bus system enjoys the extra funds, predictability and cooperative partnership they have with the district. The district gets to focus on education.
I'm basing this on watching copious amounts of PBS YouTube videos on the topic and no real personal expertise... But I believe there's several distinct strategies to maximize replicating your grenes. One is the whole "pack leader" role, where you're basically the silverback gorilla, have many mates and the rest of the males need to fight you for control of the females. But an equally common strategy is less successful males attempting to impregnate another males females in the hopes that make will do all the work of raising your offspring. This whole "youthful virgin" thing likely has to do with the first senario and is part of the evolutionary drive to become a dominate male that controls the group as opposed to a subordinate male that mates by chance.
Ender 3 pro: $230 Micro swiss hot end: $40 - $60 MKS board $22 That's all brand new and there are better boards for the same price as the MKS out now. I wouldn't pay a penny over $230 for that setup. If he wont go that low, just buy new Ender 3 and avoid whatever shit he screwed up. The upgrades might be worth the risk, it's up to you. But if you're not familiar with printers you might want to skip it. You might be buying a mess.
Mechanical parts are expensive to mass produce and can't be updated after release. Screw up the placement of your button and you need an entirely new revision, tooling and different production run. With a touch screen you just issue a software patch. The profit in e-readers is the media so these companies are effectively selling them at a loss. They're trying to keep manufacturing costs as low as possible. If you really want buttons, you're going to have to get away from the name brands and head to the grey market. There's a whole host of Chinese off brands e-readers of varying quality that still have buttons. China doesn't care about media sales, they don't consider media to be something you can own, so the e-readers designed for their citizens aren't bad cost continous. I have a Kobo Aura H2O which I love. It doesn't have page buttons but it's a Canadian company and the OS is open so I can modify it however if like. They do have a model with page buttons. The Kobo forma, but it's $280.
Right, but he's not agreeing with this article. Impeachment isn't a goal, it's a tool. If you're demanding impeachment, you're asking for revenge, not justice. You want Trump to suffer? Get him out of office by any means nessisary so he can actually be legally charged with a crime. Impeachment might help with that, but historically it hasn't ever resulted in a president getting removed from office. Trumps failing hard right now. Let's not get in his way unless we have to.
Of course they will. This has happened thousands of times in history, it will happen a thousand more. Our constitution was written specifically for this very scenario. Demagogues are nothing new.
The legislature knew these would get vetoed. They could have introduced this legislation while Walker was in office and passed it. This is the dictionary definition of virtue signaling. "Hey pro lifers! We're your party! Ignore the previous 8 years when we could have actually passed something." The fact that they waited until it wouldn't pass to introduce it is a good sign of where the actual populace stands on the issue.
It is and it isn't. It's a disability in the same way left handedness can be considered a disability. There's nothing that a right handed person can do that a left handed person can't. But society *expects* people to be right handed. So there are artificial obstacles created by the short sightedness of the general public. Likewise, with afantasia there's likely a whole host of learning disability-like issues relating to how our schools teach that have yet to be discovered because this disease isn't well understood yet. That doesn't mean you're missing anything, or somehow lacking... but instead they society expects you to visualize to solve many problems and if you approach learning differently, you're going to be at an artificial disadvantage as a result. So there'll be no cure for Aphanrasiacs, but instead a realization and corisponding change to our education systems.
So... if you really like them, tell him to investigate "Resin Casting" He can 3D print these, then use them to create a Silicone mold that you can use to cast profesional resin. He could end up with Jewelry quality results fairly easily. You can buy all the stuff at most craft stores, but they change an arm and a leg. Shop around online.
That line was then trolling the left with a Dune quote. When people started arguing that Trump would be a dictator, they stayed saying that because in the books the God-emperor ruled for thousands of years.
You're given a blueprint, materials and a truck... You get to figure out out. Everything changes based on the materials involved, ambient temperature, equipment... If you do it wrong, people die.
I also have Aphantasia. I developed it over time, probably in my 20s or 30s, as I can remember daydreaming images in highschool. I have a brain tumor and multiple brain lesions in my pons on MRI. The most likely culprit is an exceptionally rare disease called "neuro-behcet's" which is similar to MS but not quite. I'm being seen at mayo in the next few weeks. It's been quite the struggle. I think that what's most important to know about Aphantasia is that it's hard to call it a disease in the traditional sense. Everyone has a certain level of ability to visualize all of their senses. For me, I've completely lost my ability to visualize sight, but my ability to visualize sound is very advanced. I can imagine a full orchestra, focus in on every instrument, add new parts, color, texture, effects. I can also visualize touch, taste, etc... But to a lesser degree. The point is, these abilities to visualize are not an on/off thing. They're a gradient like from 1 to 10 and everyone varying ability in each sense. Those of us with Aphanrasia simply have a zero in vision, but we're not alone. Our society is just heavily based on visual perception so this stands out for us. All that said, I'm a software engineer by trade and an amateur astronomer on occasion. I also have a lot of creative and mechanical hobbies like metal work, woodworking, machining, etc... all of which are highly visual and the Aphantasia doesn't seem to have had any effect on me or slowed me down at all. The one big thing it does change is **how** I solve problems. The classic example is the mnemonic way of memorizing things through visual representations of topics. The old "think of each subject as a room in a house and the facts as furniture" I cannot do that, at all, and it baffled me for a long time how that method worked for anyone. Now that I understand what Aphantasia is, it makes a lot more sense. Most people have a magic dvd player in their head that can play video back for them at any time. Crazy. So, Aphantasia is more like being left handed. It will not prevent you from doing the things that you want to. But, just as if a left handed person went to art school and might be disappointed when they find the school only had right hand scissors... You'll often find in life that the tools people normally use for certain things won't work for you and you'll need to find your own way in life. But everyone needs to do that in one way or another so that's nothing new. Aphantasia isn't a disability unless you let it be. Good luck!
From the perspective of those who voted against her, yes. She "got out the vote" in the reverse sense of the term.
Looks great. I'd make the main knob/dial thingy out of brass if it were me. The hinge to. But that's probably just my personal preference.
Great song: [Do Wrong Right by The Devil Makes Three](https://youtu.be/waXUxhDCg3U)
Someone that wasn't in on the scheme walked in and heard the racket.
You need a Peavey 50/50 in there.
You just need a fan blowing on the onions. No tears. - - &gt; former pizza cook that had to cut 100lbs+ of onions per day.
. &gt; &gt;Why? You already started this thought experiment out by violating charge conservation to create a single charged particle, but assuming you continue from there while holding to the known laws of physics, that initial charge would be conserved in all processes; why are you suggesting a negative charge would spontaneously appear to cancel out the first? &gt; I was thinking about your point here... If the initial singularity was a single particle... It would by definition have a charge imbalance. Simply by the nature of it being an odd number. So a partner appears to fix the imbalance. But that partner is some distance away and has fuzzy values...
Milk is mostly water. You are mostly water. If you were allergic to water you'd just die. It's not possible.
I've seen a few like this but I think they are usually for professional systems where space is expensive. They're certainly not common.
lol
I'm not sure which model you're thinking of but the Bass 400+ was around that wattage and it's all over 70lbs.
I'd argue that what we have in the US currently is *not* capitalism. If it were, we wouldn't have all these problems. Instead we've a backwards socialist system that's protecting the wrong class.
Right, but the point still stands that an equivalent transistor head would be 1/4 the weight and size and far more efficient. Transistor amps are superior in almost every way with the exception of a slight effect on tone that's mostly lost on bass. Don't get me wrong, if you want a big bad ass tube head, go for it. But there's a reason the vast majority of bassists use solid state amps.
It's a point, so I'm not sure the question makes sense. It's like asking how many fingers a envelope has. The answer isn't just 0. The question is flawed from the start. A singularity isn't infinitely small... It doesn't have size to begin with. The answer isn't just zero, it's null. If you're into programming or math that makes more sense than it would to most folks. But there is an important difference between 0 and null.
Oh... Ruler... I hadn't event though of that. lol... Down to the woodshop I go!
I don't hate John Bolton. He remains exactly who I thought he sad all along. He's a man of principle, who's principles I disagree with. I can work with someone like that.
Lithium is a salt. Some psychological disorders are the result of *too many* connections in the brain that allow sections of the brain to communicate a bit too efficiently resulting in things like hallucinations. This communication is governed by salts. Lithium is a salt, but it's less effective in this role. By consuming it, your "toning down" your brains ability to send messages effectively. It's similar to putting a low octane fuel in an engine that's running too hot. This has obvious undesirable aside effects because it moderates other activity as well, toning down things you probably don't want toned down leaving you feel dull and emotionless. It's also hard on your liver and often patients liver eventually becomes damaged enough they have to stop using it. It's a really interesting drug.
If you shun those you disagree with, it only serves to further isolate those you disagree with from the ideas you wished they'd listen to. You're never going to convince a republican to vote for a Democrat by going to a Bernie Sanders campaign event. If you want a Democrat to win, you need to talk to Republicans.
I've worked in telecom for over 20 years, this is nothing new. Our engineers are well versed in "crazy people" and have to deal with them all the time. I can still remember vividly the first time I learned this when an old lady was demanding we take "the governments phone taps" off her phones and I was surprised when we actually sent a tech out to do it. He opened up her ped, fished around, then went to the door to tell her he was done. When I asked wtf? The regional director explained we had many customers like this, had been dealing with it for decades, if they hadn't gone out, she'd call every day forever. If we sent a tech she'd be good for months, it was the cheaper option. lol
It's called a "hecklers veto" and, while she does have a point... This is the sort of thing where students could protest inviting a speaker that's going to argue for creationism or something. They shouldn't be able to shut that person up just because they disagree with his point. You *should* seek to listen to those that disagree with you. Even if they don't change your mind, you can better understand their point of view so you can sharpen your own arguments. But that argument is lost when you consider the question: "Why was she invited to speak in the first place?" She holds no particular education or views that give her a unique opinion or experiences. She doesn't hold any real office, or anything of the sort. She's a celebrity for celebrities sake.
When mine started out it just shot strait up. methimazole didn't work at all. Within a month I was practically vibrating my hormones were so out of control. The endocrinologist just said "fuck it" and gave me the radio iodine. They were trying to talk me into toughing it out, trying some relaxation and meditation but I was just freaking out to much from all the hormones. If you can tough it out, learn some techniques to try and chill yourself out, you really should. You're never getting your thyroid back after it's gone and a lot of people end up getting better without treatment eventually. Graves is an autoimmune disease so emotional stress and anxiety are going to be your biggest triggers by far. In Graves its kind of a double whammy because as it flares it causes your thyroid to pump out all sorts of hormones that definitely make you even more stressed and anxious. It can be really difficult but if you can pull it off, you'll save an organ lol. Get a shrink, therapist, scented candles, messages, whatever it takes. If you still can't handle it, there's no shame in it. I definately wasnt able to.
Well, I **have** Aphantasia, and I've had my life flash before my eyes. I found out I have a brain tumor on my brain stem and nearly lost my shit. lol You don't need a minds eye to stiffly reflect on your entire life when faced with mortal panic. Oh, and don't worry about my tumor. It sucks and causes me problems but one of the first things you learn about brain tumors after you find out you have one is that 80% of them are left alone and do not kill you. That's what mine is. It causes me some annoying symptoms, but it's so slow growing ill be dead of old age long before it causes any life threatening problems.
Music labels are basically bullshit. What you consider "smooth jazz" can differ wildly from someone else. Regardless of how much you argue, you're both right. It's a subjective label. I would not consider lofi hiphop smooth Jazz, at all. It certainly borrows from it at times. But again, that's due to my own subjective opinion. I'm a musician and listen to a lot of jazz so I've a more nuanced idea of what that term means. That doesn't however, make me any more right than you. We could also, for example, disagree on what a "taco" is, and both be correct at the same time. Life context matters.
"I'm sorry, I don't talk to law enforcement without a lawyer present. Unless you intend to arrest me, I need to get back to work." NEVER talk to the police.
Thanks! How tall did it get? My wife's cool with it until she's not. :-) basically I try to keep it invisible to her even though she knows it's there. If it starts stinking or taking over the basement, she gets cranky. lol
Yea, I basically already have that but I made it myself. I'm an engineer and tinkerer. Mine vents up a chimney to the roof, it's great.
Oh, that's not bad at all. My last plant was easily twice that hight. It was super annoying. lol
Too much work. :-p
I've had occasion to run into folks with ignorant points of view in my life that have argued African Americans are inherently violent. I always respond with the same argument... If race were a determining factor in a person's tendency towards violence, it could only be argued that African Americans are a non-violent people. If they weren't, there wouldn't be any white people left.
I wasn't arguing that race predisposes anyone to violence. I was pointing out the fact that there are still multiple races, and using that as evidence to argue race does not have a correlation to violence. If it did, it would naturally stand to reason there would only be one race left, the one that was the most violent.
This often comes up with younger folks these days because modern schools cover the topic pretty extensively. However, in my day there was no internet to research any of this on, the only news in most of the country came from the big 3 ABC, NBC, CBS and they literally ran tobacco ads about as frequently as modern TV runs pharmaceutical ads these days (so... a lot) they were very reluctant to tick off their biggest customer so they didn't run much on the problem until they had to. That all changed when they banned tobacco ads on TV. So if you're over the age of about 40, you basically grew up in a time where cigarettes were specifically marketed as being marginally unhealthy but no worse than ice cream or bacon for example. The idea that cigarettes are hundreds, if not thousands of times worse than just about anything else you put in your body wasn't common public knowledge until the mid 1990s.
If pollen is something that would ruin your day, you're doing it wrong... lol
