More jobs is a good thing, but we also have more people - 380,000 immigrants last year and probably the same this year. At least a third of those people need to work (exempting kids, seniors and the wealthy) which means we need to add 125,000 new FT jobs a year to keep our unemployment stable. That also has an effect on wages - we're nowhere near the kind of shortage that would bump up wages.
Like a cubicle?
When they talk about job numbers in the U.S. the numbers are almost always compared to immigration and the baseline number of new jobs that need to be created just to stay even. I don't think there's anything unusual or xenophobic about linking the number of jobs and the number of working age individuals, and the effect of working age individuals on wages. More people do keep wages down - e.g. 350,000 TFWs (the number in Canada a few years ago) were absolutely having an effect on wages and full time positions. The current wisdom among policy makers is that immigration is always an economic net benefit for Canada, and while that may be true historically there's a lot of recent data showing that our current levels may be too high for our economic growth rate - with the result that immigrants themselves are often suffering from low wages and fewer economic prospects. An immigrant is not a race or culture or religion after all, a lot of immigrants to Canada are white and protestant, but it is an individual who needs a job and access to programs and services. I see no harm in asking the question.
I used to be with it. Then they changed what "it" was...
All of them?
Soda pup...
Should be two for flinching...
This is funny.
It's about the lack of jobs and opportutunity, and immigration is frequently blamed for that. The motives of these second wave nationslists are not traditionally right or left but completely different - and not well explained or understood. They want the benefits of capitalism which are going to fewer and fewer people, and the only way to achieve that is through wealth redistribution and socialism. It's a contradiction, but one that sort of makes sense. My own take is that this movement is a reaction to overpopulation and fears about the future. It's the root cause of climate change, one of the reasons that western countries are under so much pressure from refugees and immigration, it makes it harder to find good jobs and keeps wages low, it congests cities where more people are living, makes housing harder to find and more expensive, forces cultural conflicts, and has created a world where the elite call the shots. My prediction is that we're going to see more of this.
Honestly, probably half of the music I listen to is Canadian anyway, and I get exposed to everything. It's really pretty amazing what we've created artistically with the assistance of Cancon. In the last few hours my playlist has spun Arcade Fire, The New Pornographers, Stars, Metric, Grimes, Lights, Dan Mangan, Wintersleep, Sloan, Tragically Hip, Rheostatics, Broken Social Scene, etc. A lot of other bands as well from the US, UK, Iceland, Australia, etc., but the Canadian stuff is as good as any of it. I have a collection with every Rush song ever made that I put on while I'm working around the house or need a kick. When Christmas rolls around it's Sarah McLaughlin, Michael Buble, Bruce Cockburn, Oscar Peterson, Sloan, Barenaked Ladies, Gordon Lightfoot, The Bob &amp; Doug album, a bad bootleg I have of Bryan Adams' Reggae Christmas, The Spoons, etc. I could seriously go on forever. We're a bit weaker when it comes to television and movies, but I'd rank Kids in the Hall, SCTV, and Trailer Park Boys among the funniest shows of all time, while the Tom Green show changed TV. The Red Green Show will always have a place in my heart. I learned to question authority and examine things objectively from Street Cents... If forcing radio and TV stations to create made-in-Canada content made those things possible, then that's amazing - if anything they should probably bump CanCon requirements up.
Tim Cook wouldn't sell tech to Iran during an embargo, and if he did I would expect the US to arrest him because it's their embargo. If China had an embargo on another country, Tim Cook broke it, then walked into China or a country with an extradition agreement like it's all good then I fully expect he would have been arrested. As for what the US government would do, I would say that depends - if Tim Cook was helping out a humanitarian crisis in Tibet then they would probably speak out. If he was selling tech to a country that was hostile to China and had nuclear ambitions, and there was a UN-sponsored embargo in place to prevent that, then I'm less certain they would intervene in any way.
The Baroque Cycle is perfection.
Plus, nobody on a pilot who knows in advance that the extra money is temporary is going to quit their job and live off mincome instead. It would never be realistic.
Kaepernick should have come to Canada and lit up the CFL - he could kneel all he wanted and at the same time shut up all the people who say he's not working because he's only an average QB - and not because the owners are racist and complicit in derailing his career.
That's awesome. To my lasting shame, I believed a lot of the accusations about Michael Jackson - not because he was weird but because he didn't really defend himself publicly, just sent out the lawyers to issue vague statements.
Rove was shocked because he thought he had the election rigged to win - the only way he thought the Democrats could win was to cheat like he did.
I think I would have been more likely to believe him if he fought back, or at least would have doubted the accusers more. I really do believe that hiding behind lawyers and settling out of court give the appearance of guilt more than fighting charges publicly. When wealthy people are involved you never really trust the outcome of any legal proceedings anyway.
Which definitely sucks, although I'd argue that Mincome could never work - not when four people can band together and have more than enough to afford a house and food without ever working again. I'd really like Canada to take retraining seriously. I think welfare is too low, and we could bring in a credit card and voucher assistance program that limits purchases to food, clothing, rent and other necessities - the current system means a lot of people get cash once a month, no strings attached, and go on a tear. I'd also like to see EI converted into a kind of savings program where people pay into it each month and the money can be used for unemployment, education and retraining. And if you never claimed any of the cash a portion of it would go into your CPP at retirement to boost your monthly support.
And be wary of anybody who promises anything without funding it through taxes or fees. Every government is falling over itself to give more tax breaks to the middle class - loosely defined as anybody making $50K to $250K - without plans to fun the things that the middle class actually needs like education, health care, transit, daycare, and more. Taxes need to be increased, progressively and across the board.
If only people knew before the election what a fraud this guy is or how terrible he really is at running his business...
TIL that southerners = Ironborn.
You can add secure to your list - 3.5mm jacks can't be tugged out or fall out easily. Hey industry, if you're listening- I will never buy a phone that doesn't have a headphone jack. It will always be a deciding factor for me.
Does this chart indicate that almost half of all new residences built since 2000 are owned by non-residents, or am I reading it wrong. If that's correct, that's the most significant number on this chart.
Which I think is significant - if half of all new homes and condos are being sold to non-residents that's very bad news for residents and a big reason for price increases and low vacancy.
It's possible but not likely the way the planet is set up politically. We could provide for everyone and there could be enough to feed a lot more people, but it would take a one-world government, the elimination of borders, the socialization of work and economies, etc. We could never do it - we would rather compete and go to war than give up our national identities to build some kind of utopia. We're far more likely to see another global war than an agreement that takes care of 15 billion people equally. And why would people eat insects when you can eat beans? Never understood that. And who would want to live in a world with 15 billion people? We'd be alive, but what would that look like - and why should anybody want that life? Surely it's better just to take steps to reduce the population? Not kill people, just give birth to fewer.
Japan may have the answer soon. Otherwise I have no idea.
There are carrot and stick approaches to reducing our population. For example, there was a program in Thailand a long time ago that gave men radios for getting vasectomies. You could do a lot with taxes and other incentives, gear international development towards reproductive services and programs that reduce the birth rate, encourage social security on a global scale, recruit religious leaders to extoll the virtues of small families, etc. There will be costs, but they're nothing like the costs of a global environmental collapse, wars over resources, mass movements of immigrants fleeing overpopulation and the collapse of food and water sources, and so on. I guess the real question is whether it might be cheaper to intervene through climate engineering - salting the oceans with minerals to encourage plankton blooms, spraying zinc oxides into the environment to reflect back sunlight, sun reflecting satellites, glacier restoration, etc. It's possible that those things, along with developments in renewables, could stave off disaster. Or we could have fewer kids.
Gross...
Just a group of concerned citizens weighing in on the arrest and extradition of a simple corporate CFO, no ties to the government of China...
Governments do have a terrible record with this, but the best system would be to invest in a made-by-government solution that can be adopted by provinces so we wouldn't be reliant on vendors to provide the service.
Four wheeling isn't allowed in most parks. You're not even really allowed to walk off designated hiking trails. And you certainly can't hire a helicopter to drop you in the middle of a park unless the flight is approved or has tenure. Don't forget, parks aren't just playgrounds for people, they exist to preserve other values like wildlife and ecological diversity.
The government already hurt employers with the new payroll taxes they brought in to replace MSP - especially since they overlap in 2019, so employers have to pay both MSP and the new payroll tax. I work at a mid-size company, just under 40 people, and the extra cost to us is around $85,000 next year. That's a big pill for the owners to swallow. The luxury tax on homes is a tough one as well. The NDP doesn't have a choice in a way because actually raising payroll taxes in a progressive way is a sure-fire way to get voted out. Every government has been falling over itself in recent years to cut taxes on the middle class while somehow increasing funding for the things that the middle class uses at a disproportionate rate. It's a shell game though - we may pay less income tax but fees and other costs go up so we probably end up paying more. This has to stop - taxpayers have to wake up and realize that they can't have low taxes and great services, and governments have to gain the courage they need to raise taxes when that's the best course of action.
This. I live in Whistler and our tourism resort industry relies 100% on destination visitors. Every outdoor patio has an outdoor fireplace and propane warmers for the guests. Every store leaves its doors open and blasts heat to draw people inside. I know the mayor and seriously can't believe he would throw rocks like this when our own walls are so obviously made of glass.
We've already paid that money back, ten-fold. I don't agree with the mayor's letter, but the investment in the highway and infrastructure has probably generated hundreds of millions if not billions in added revenue for the provincial government.
The US hates us right now, for whatever reason. I wonder if this part of a strategy to make us look bad - issue an extradition warrant and then leave us holding the bag while they whistle and walk out of the room.
It's not as big as you think, we've been told since the beginning to temper our expectations of revenue. It's good to have, but think hundreds of millions of dollars vs. the tens of billions we need.
Don't collectively punish the people of Whistler because their mayor did something stupid. That's like me boycotting Alberta because the mayor of Banff said something about B.C. We're better than our politicians.
Whuhhhh....?
You're a fucking psychopath.
I made a joke other day that the US probably brought out the extradition order to make us look bad - we're left holding the bag while Trump whistles as he backs out of the room. Now it looks like that may actually be true.
You don't think wanting to hurt people who had nothing to do with something a mayor said makes you a psychopath? The definition includes "impaired empathy and remorse." I'd say that qualifies.
Not saying he's not, I'm appalled that he would call attention to my town with this ridiculous stunt, but I would never say anyone who voted for him or lives in his town is equally responsible and deserves to suffer. I would never say people in Alberta deserve to suffer for things their politicians have said and done over the years, either.
That election wasn't about picking the best, most qualified person with the best platform it was about punishing Wynne and the Liberals. Too many elections are like that these days, and the losers are always the people. Next time try voting FOR things instead of against them.
Good article. But holy shit is our trade with China imbalanced. I would seriously question our economic relationship based on the fact that we're importing $3 of goods from China for every $1 of goods they import from us. That can't be good.
Someone should key that guy's truck...
Idiot One.
I was under the impression that it was a prophesy and not a rule - it was foretold that no man could kill him.
You can say that again.
Building another demographic bubble to support the last one isn't good policy though, it's just another floor of a gigantic pyramid scheme that will take the entire planet down when it collapses. There are ways to care for our seniors without growing the population - Japan's population is set to shrink by a third in the next 40 years and they're not increasing immigration quotas to deal with it. Instead, they're looking at things like automation, artificial intelligence, telemedicine, wellness programs, programs to encourage seniors to stay in, or rejoin, the workforce, programs to get women back into the workforce sooner, etc. It's going to be tough, their economy will shrink and taxes are going to have to go up, but the opposite - endlessly growing your population - just kicks the problem further down the road to the next generation. At some point we have to stop growing the global population - because if we can't do it on our own then the world is going to do it for us.
I played both, I liked both, and now I coach soccer. But I did find soccer boring sometimes, while in rugby I felt like I was in every play and that everything I did mattered. Sometimes when I played soccer my mind would actually wander because I hadn't had a touch in a while - if that happened for even a second in rugby I would have been mowed down. I was also defence in soccer, and while I enjoyed a good steal or slide tackle it also limited my scoring opportunities. In rugby, anybody can score from anywhere. I once blocked a chip kick towards the wing inside my own 22, caught it on the fly and ran it all the way back. That would never have happened in soccer and it's one of the best things I've ever done in sports. And the respect among players is different. I had a few rugby players take swings at me or give me the boots on the ground, but they were few and generally made it up to me after the game. In soccer, I was grabbed, elbowed, stomped on, pinched, scratched, had balls angrily kicked in my face after the whistle, and after the game the other players responsible wouldn't even look me in the eye.
The original plan was not to get each other anything and instead spend the money on our daughter and things we need for the house. I discovered while talking to my daughter that she did actually get me something in the end, and when I asked her about it she said it was small, like under $30. "But you don't have to get me anything." Now I have six days to get her something. I live in a small mountain community with shit stores, I do not have Amazon Prime, and have no faith anything I order will get here before Friday. I was thinking of buying something digital or a gift card or something like that. She also needs a few things like a new ski helmet, but that's way over the $30 budget. She likes doing things and is very outdoorsy. She doesn't read, because that would be too fucking easy. She's not into flowers. She's the world's worst cook (no lie) and I do most of the kitchen stuff. She has no hobbies outside of fitness. Our house is full of knickknacks as is, and she's always trying to get rid of things. She is super difficult to shop for! Help me... There are no bad ideas because I don't have any of my own.
Salt Bae...
Where is that group of concerned Chinese-Canadian citizens totally not connected to the Chinese government who wanted Meng released? Are they concernes about China taking three Canadian hostages?
Serious Sam, Halo style.
Don't be silly. We'll mail them their cheques.
I don't think this affects his base, more the urban poor. The demographics of Trump voters are actually prettt high end on the incime scale . I'm not saying no poor people voted for him because guns and brown people and Hillary, but his main supporters are suburbanites.
Other countries would be disconnected as well. If they won't we disconnect them.
And yet it was a US extradition order that caused the arrest of Huwaii's CFO... which they're not exactly standing by. I don't get it, every day there's a new story about Huwaii using its technology to spy, or Chinese hackers stealing IP, or China blocking western companies from doing business there, etc. And yet we're still falling over ourselves to trade with China. It's like playing poker every day against someone you know cheats at cards. There are other countries that could take China's place in manufacturing - that is if China is even needed anymore with automation progressing so quickly.
I'm surprised they reeled them in at all, the amount of rotor wash is insane on big helicopters which is one of the reasons why ling lining is so common in rescues. Really cool video.
He's a nihilist!
I honestly don't think there's any need to replace cheap labour with more cheap labour - we're pretty close to robotic assembly lines and manufacturing techniques that can build 100% of phones and screens, 100% of cars, 100% of shoes of clothes, etc. You could set up a factory to build goods almost anywhere for the cost of electricity. Factories will also be able to be reconfigured quickly to make one product one day and another product the next. My guess is that we'll be there in 10 years, 20 at the most. Shunning China now would accelerate the process.
Apparently the processing is pretty quick, probably 3-6 months for most, it's the appeals process that drags on. Maybe we can limit that somehow.
That's what happens when you add 350,000 to 400,000 people a year to a country that needs to heat its homes six months a year and import food for eight. Stop focusing on Canada's physical size and more on its actual sustainable productive capacity - something the David Suzuki Foundation pegged at under 30 million.
Surface Phone! Surface Phone! Surface Phone! We're deluding ourselves, but fuck - would it kill Microsoft to have one or two handsets out there for people that care? It's basically the same software as the Surface Go anyway with a phone and text messenger slapped on.
Welcome back to the high road, America. Thought we lost you for good...
It's dickbutt all over again...
Looks like he's got Alberta locked up... /s
A) It's not an article it's an editorial. B) If you can't find citations or sources then you're not looking for them, or haven't read any other stories about Huawei or Meng posted 8n recent weeks. Feel free to Google any part of this article for more information.
Say what you want about the Hells Angels, they never killed their customers to make a buck. All the gangs filling the vacuum in Vancouver after the last drug war here don't have an ethical problem putting fentanyl in everything if it increases their profits. Most of the victims aren't even hardcore addicts, they are recreational drug users who might do ecstasy a few times a year or a line of coke on the weekend and end up with a lethal dose of fentanyl. Not defending the Angels. I'd love to put them out of business by legalizing all drugs, legalizing and regulating prostitution, and using all the resources that frees up to focus on their other criminal activities.
This daily "we've fucked the planet and we're all going to die" story was brought to you courtesy of the CBC...
I was under the impression that they're very well paid for the hours they work and get bonuses for working remotely. I'll have to do some research...
Quit being literal about the citations thing, the editorial references facts that have been widely reported. Instead of asking me to point out the truths, why don't you point out what you think are lies?
The real world is where you work. I worked in a newsroom.
With a bit of work they could honestly give Steam and the Apple Store a run for their money. But Microsoft's thing is to start strong, lose interest and refocus on Office.
My dad had polio as a child and it affected him for the rest of his life. He would have punched this woman in the face.
It doesn't Buggle me either.
So every two weeks?
The weapons in Destroy All Humans, especially the anal probe - too much and they would spew diarrhea amd explode.
I haven't read anything definitive- I know some affiliate gangs are implicated, but that's it.
With technology and cameras you wouldn't even need to increase the number of police - the systems would pay for themselves.
TIL I learned that the Star Wars galaxy uses the Gregorian calendar...
Preferably in writing...
"Ethnically diverse"... Greater Vancouver is white, Chinese and South Asian, with single digit representation from others. Vancouver has triversity at best.
Maybe 50,000 out of 2.8 million in the Lower Mainland - not nothing but only single digits overall. I was kind of joking with my comment - Vancouver is diverse compared to a lot of cities, but not particularly diverse compared to Toronto or Montreal.
The problem is that none of his supporters will believe any of it and will campaign all the harder for the GOP - they'll blame the deep state, the Clintons, Soros, fake media, a massive leftwing conspiracy, and everybody but Trump.
They'll blame the Democrat congress.
Canada doesn't have much solar potential, wind is inconsistent and problematic in a lot of ways including Nimbyism. Hydro dams and run-of-river projects are controversial and as a result take longer to be approved and are more costly to build. Nuclear is off the table for a few good reasons, and even if it wasn't it would probably take decades to bring new plants online. We have tidal power, but techologies are unproven and we could probably expect nimbyism to rear its head again. Efficiencies like LED bulbs and low power appliances are having an impact now but the shift to electric vehicles is going to boost demand again. Climate change is happening now, the time it would take to shift to renewables is outside the window of time we have to save the planet. Feedback loops are starting to kick in including the massive release of methane from Arctic permafrost that will make anything we do next to useless. Plus, Canada is not wired for quick change or a heavy investment in alternatives. Toronto and Vancouver are still shipping garbage to the US after decades of failure finding options outside those two cities because we can't convince a community to accept it. Look at the pushback over the Site C dam. Alternatives and efficiencies are important and worth pursuing but at this point I have no faith that we can achieve our targets this way. We can, however, stabilize our population and carbon output just by dialing back our immigration intake to a replacement level. That would also solve a lot of other issues, including the housing affordability crisis, water issues (Vancouver, one of Canada's wettest cities, has water use advisories every summer with its current population), and transportation/transit.
https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-mystery-around-middle-age-suicides-1528948801 It's common knowledge. As for me, I obviously don't know the complete story or much about this case at all but I work with coroners, have had training identifying warning signs, and this kind of thing is generally alarm bells - the thing you point to afterward as a warning sign.
All the kids in my neighbourhood play it, and I would have to say it's because it's fun - the games are intense, there's humour in the costumes and dances, there are some interesting game mechanics with the eye shrinking and building, there's a strong social aspect, it's packed with other players because of the cross-server play and always seems to matchmaking pretty seamless. They were also quick to get this game to as many platforms as possible in a short period of time and the price is right. Seems like they did everything right with this game, I don't understand all of the hate.
It's not the gun on its own, it's the challenge, the food, the cigarettes. This is a depressing picture for a lot of reasons.
First of all, the eight-hour work day is a sham - People are usually just as productive over six hours or less. Not having kids doesn't make you a better or more productive worker, even if the total number of hours differ. Plus, businesses get a lot of benefit from parents purely because they have them by the balls - they need the cheque and the benefits way more, money is always tighter, and they have things to pay for like birthday parties and karate lessons. They are far more loyal because they have to be. They will accept the negatives of jobs and bosses and put up with endless amounts of shit simply because they don't have the luxury of being able to pick up and leave.
Is that it? If charges are stayed is that the end? Is there to be no justice for the thousands of Canadians killed by this crap?
Why are the cable companies so slow to react to this? They'd rather cling to their dwindling numbers of subscribers than lower their prices in a bid to compete. The TV networks are suffering for the short-sightedeness of carriers and there will come a day when they will have no choice but to tell Shaw, Telus and Rogers to fuck themselves and start offering content to Canadians at a reasonable price. I'd pay a buck for a show or a few dollars to watch a rugby or hockey game, on an a la carte basis. I'm not paying $60/month for shit.
Yeah, and you need to be a subscriber to their cable services in order to stream.
They will eventually lose content. There will come a point where networks have to re-evaluate their distribution model and could decide to cut cable companies out because of their declining subscriber base and unwillingness to embrace alternative models of distribution.
I'd just like to see the cable companies actually leverage the massive cable infrastructure they've built in the last 35 years and create something that combines cable with online options at prices that people are willing to pay. People aren't cutting cable because Netflix is so awesome, but because it's hard to justify that monthly cost for the experience as it is and value that cable delivers - the value isn't there. As you pointed out, cable companies will just hold onto their ISP businesses and shrug off the changes, but I'd rather see them try to compete and keep cable viable in some form. If they won't do it because they don't have to in order to stay in business then government should break up our telecoms ISP and cable/satellite businesses - I guarantee you that the result would be a lot more content options for less money. Put yourself in the shoes of a television network like TSN - you should be pissed that the ISPs are refusing to compete and dragging their feet, and are losing potential subscribers every month. Eventually you'll have to look at other delivery models to survive, offering content online instead of through cable providers - further diminishing cable and creating a mess for customers. The means to save cable is there and obvious to everyone, but they won't do it.
If the frame is fine then the bike is fine. You can rebuild forks, replace worn sprockets, replace brake pads, etc. The only reason for buying a new bike every year is because you have lots of money and are in that crazy cycle where you can sell last year's bike for half of what you bought in for and put that money towards a new one... or you're new to mountain biking and realize that your first bike isn't enough for what you're riding.
It's about observational bias as well, and how our own circumstances influence our biases and cloud objectivity.
Their concerts are incredibly fun.
I'd argue they're using guns as well. The statistics for homicides and suicides skews heavily towards the poor.
Anybody know the source of this picture?
I saw a movie once with a back door bat...
Makes you wonder what happens in 2020 if Trump refuses to vacate the office. Their oath conflicts - how can they obey both the Constitution and president if the president is acting unconstitutionally?
Not one of the guys...
I once walked onto a field behind a piper and thought that was pretty awesome. This is a million times better.
The whole world will be like this unless we actually have a conversation about population.
I'm waiting to see Conservatives take any kind of principled stand against the rising tide of nationalists. My guess is they're going to hold their nose ans accept their support, enemy of my enemy is my friend and all that, but I could be surprised.
Then Donald Trump Jr. can kill it.
I would honestly just use PowerPoint. I used to use it for posters, web graphics, web animations, sales flyers, etc. You can always export selections or whole slides as image files. The gradients in Gimp are great but nowhere as close to this easy.
I would walk out of that change room feeling unstoppable. I used to get nerves pretty badly before games, which would go away first hit - I always tried to make the first tackle of the game or get into the first set just to get over my fear. Psychologically, I think singing like that as a group would get me past the fear faster and steady my nerves. My own routine definitely wasn't working.
A huge amount of money went into fighting the PR vote, a lot of it coming from developers that are supportive of the LPC and miss their back room access. They hate the coalition, and the transparency that comes from it. Plus, it did get 58% support back in 2005. It wasn't enough to reach the arbitrary 60% threshold set by government, but it also helped sow the idea that people didn't want it and that it would never work. I always hated that. First Past the Post Advocates should have accepted a simple majority, which is exactly what they ask us to do every single election.
It bothers me that we need 10 years to be educated on something that's in use in something like 95 countries around the world - are we really that stupid?
That's what leads to disparity between sentences, or people getting different treatment for committing the same exact act depending entirely on the whims and shifting views of judges. Some judges are harsh, others are lenient, others waiver. Some can't be persuaded by emotional pleas, some can. When minorities get the maximum and wealthy people get the minimum, or judges start to factor in sob stories, justice is sometimes subverted or, in some cases, denied. Victims have a right to see punishment carried out, and too many times that doesn't happen. I'm not looking for massively strict penalties, just a consistent application of the law that hopefully serves as a deterrent or grounds for real rehabilitation. There's one criticism of my comment that suggests that preventing recidivism is at odds with mandatory minimums, but giving someone probation over a jail sentence denies the state the opportunity to adequately profile the individual, identify the root causes of their transgressions, get them on medication if they need it, deal with addictions if they have them, provide them with training opportunities that can help them on release, and determine whether they are genuinely remorseful when it comes time consider early release. Criminals given probation don't get that level of scrutiny or the opportunities that come with rehabilitation.
Meh. I have about $165K left on my house and I'm fine with it - I'm paying half as much for my mortgage as I would be paying for rent, and I'm building up equity quickly. The country is growing, housing is more expensive - I would be surprised if mortgage borrowing didn't hit a new record every year.
A lot of developers simply can't - their own costs are too high. Take any of the recent tear-down/rebuilds along Cambie. The homes that were torn down to build five storey buildings cost probably $2.5 million each, which means the developer is in $15-20 million deficit before they even pour the foundation. Construction materials and labour costs are probably $350 to $400 per square foot in today's market. Say there are 40 units with an average size of 1,000 square feet. That's a $16 million build price, plus another $5 million for the parkade. That developer would be in for over $30 million before going to market. Add in taxes, permit fees, strata startup fees, marketing, insurance, etc. and there is a limit to how low they can go and still make any kind of profit.
Great tackling form though.
My wife and I will see some do something insane on the roads, like making a three-point-turn on the highway and we'll reflexively say "Alberta" - and nine times out of 10 we're right.
I'm really not an expert in this, and honestly the days of breaking up monopolies are a long time ago. I assume it would be done slowly with lawyers and accountants overseeing every step of the process.
He'll be back. Chara is tough and the team has access to the best doctors and surgeons in the world. Whether he'll be anywhere close to his normal self is the bigger question in my mind.
Not loud enough. I would have added bold.
I haven't seen that one lately, I think it was a long time ago when they were newish in the league. The wisdom went that everybody was vulnerable in the same way to eye and face injuries, and behaved in a certain way that protected faces more than visors. Head/face shots were off limits. When the visors came in, behaviours changed and people were less respectful of players heads and faces. Like everything Don says there was probably a grain of truth in there somewhere - the types of hits changed, sticks came up more, more players were using their heads offensively, etc. But I'm sure if you looked at league stats, the number of eye injuries, broken noses, probably dropped at the same time.
He was a bit of a freak of nature when he was new to the league - the size, the strength, the length of that fucking stick. People hated because they were jealous. He was a game changer. Players were supposed to be getting smaller and faster with all the new rules to take goons out of the sport, but then Chara came along and size mattered again. But, as everyone said, he was a good guy off the ice and at the heart I think hockey fans will always respect players that visit children's hospitals and give back to their communities more than players who don't.
I know they also fucked up some transit contracts and the level of support had some blowback, but when push came to shove with Boeing we let Bombardier sell its planes to Airbus - somehow that was the lesser evil - than defend our sovereign right to seed companies the same way they do in the US and elsewhere. The reality is that the US has a "Buy American" policy, and we do not - with the result that Bombardier isn't winning contracts to build light rail and streetcars and other projects in Canadian cities.
I saw a guy break his jaw in a rugby game once fucking up the timing of his tackle. You know he wanted to scream but couldn't, it hurt too much.
Cautiously optimistic. As long as all you need to prove is that these people were members of a terror group to get a conviction then we don't need to pin any specific crimes on them - which I think would be next to impossible. Doing nothing, however, was not an option that Canadians would ever feel comfortable with.
It doesn't get better.
I wrote a comment in support of mandatory minimums for various crimes, including violent crimes, taking sentencing judges out of the picture a little more and creating a standard for punishment that can't be influenced by wealth or sob stories, and got shouted down pretty soundly.
If they were ripping up and down the road in sports cars then by all means send a cruiser and hand out a few tickets, but otherwise I feel this is jealous sour grapes.
Doesn't mention the mouth sword on the Wikipedia page - was it used in a graphic novel or something that was based on the myth?
There was an article on this a few weeks ago that goes into some of the reasons. One thing they failed to mention is that we're all walking around with microwave antennas sending and receiving just a few inches from our junk. It's supposed to be safe, but then so was Thalidimide.
You seem pretty knowledgeable about this stuff. On an unrelated matter, was there any way for Obama to push through his Supreme Court pick against McConnell's intransigence? He's been criticized for that as well.
"I must break you." "Go for it."
Neville was the real snitch.
Nobody is leaving job security, relatively good wages and a pension for the shitshow, no security, low-wage, no-pension-or-benefits, two-weeks-of-holidays-a-year private sector, and Ford knows it. Any job that opens up can be filled in a heartbeat at almost any wage, and a lot of specialized skills that work for the government really have no private sector analogue. There would be people lining up for those jobs if they paid 20% less.
Replicant?
Now he sucks. Off ice anyway, on ice is yet to be seen.
It was indiscriminate and cruel and deliberate and effective, so I think genocide is probably the right word here, and the only word that can help us to make proper restitution and move past it - which should be the goal, we need to look forward more than we look backward. The reality is that we're not necessarily answerable for the crimes of our forefathers forefathers, and nobody living is being accused of anything on this scale. I hate the fact that we have to apologize for, and spend money on, terrible things that happened long before we were born, but our failing to deal with generational impacts of those past decisions is probably more hurtful and expensive in the long run. The rift is not going to heal itself.
Why? I don't know much about the royal family, but the princes and princesses are constantly backstabbing one another, and some are reportedly supporting terrorism while others are not.
I didn't say that you were impaired for months, I said cannabinoids were stored in fat cells and can apparently be released by fasting, exercise, etc. It's called reimpairment.
Could be total bullshit, I'm just relating what the RCMP are currently talking about when it comes to drug testing.
Austin Powers quote... I'll see myself out.
I'd like to see the reverse angle.
I think he thought it was a dive.
Ironically, he's not even their boy - he's Putin's boy first.
One of his big issues these days is climate change so if he was Conservative before he isn't now.
A lot of people, like myself, are going to wonder why we're going into so much debt at a time when the economy is good. A lot of people went along with $10B deficits and a plan to balance the budget over time, but now we have double that and no real plan to bring us back to even. That's on Trudeau and the LPC. A well run country would post surpluses some years, pull even in others and run deficits when necessary. We're not a well run country. Our only plan for dealing with our debt is to grow our GDP through population growth, making the debt appear to be shrinking as a share of that imaginary number. That's not to say I'll be voting for Scheer or Bernier. I think that economic conservatism is a plank that is spectrum-wide in Canada, and even the Greens and NDP have economic plans (in the last election anway) that balance on paper. What Trudeau is doing is inexplicable.
He can and will attack over the deficit and growing debt though, which is a bit rich coming from the CPC.
I think it is a thing, but only a small, local scale with human interaction. I do a lot for local kids - coaching soccer, bringing snacks for all the players, giving free guitar lessons to kids around the neighbourhood, watching kids and pets for families, etc. and beer just appears on my front doorstep, out of the blue. You can't explain that.
There are many graphs that tell a different story, the media is constantly pointing out the facts, and yet the Conservatives still get to own that issue. It really shows the power of words - "Tax and spend" is synonymous with Liberals, regardless of what fifty years of debt and GDP tells us.
Just saying that stoned kids don't do this shit, there's a reason why alcohol prohibition has been thing for hundreds of years. Legalize it. Disclaimer: I don't really smoke it often and am more likely to grab a beer than a bong, but I'm also not the type to have six beers and punch a woman in the face.
Harper's Action Plan was 90% pork which went disproportionately to Conservative ridings - including my own. Some of that money went to build a mountain bike trail. I'm not saying everything he did was bad, but the honest truth is that Harper increased the debt by $150B, probably half of which is result of his decision to cut the GST. He also put Canada in a precarious position by cutting the mortgage requirements at a time when the BoC dropped fees, resulting in a lot of people buying homes they probably couldn't afford in a normal economy, at prices that were higher than they should have been. As for being forced into spending, I can't really comment on that. They did a better job reaching a balanced budget when they were a majority power, there's no question, although there were definitely some shenanigans there: https://nationalpost.com/opinion/stephen-gordon-stephen-harpers-economic-legacy
People who remember Bob Rae's stint in Ontario would probably disagree but I don't.
Probably. But he also patched up things with Canada. This is more about shoring up support for his trade war with China.
Look up what they did to Max Cleland sometime.
Mithandry?
And mushrooms.
There are degrees of physical and mental harm and addictiveness, and mushrooms is at the lowest end for all of these things. In fact, mushrooms are being considered as an alternative to antidepressants, as well as to various meds for mental illnesses. It's also a potential treatment for other addictions. But that said, let's legalize everything - control the supply and distribution, make the drugs safe, identify users and guide them towards treatment, and put organized crime out of business at the same time.
This is the same strategy literally every team follows, including the Bruins. "Playoff hockey" is it's own beast.
I disagree. All the feds had to figure out was changing the legislation, which could have been done pretty quickly. The delay was the result of the provinces having too much leeway in figuring out distribution and retail - which is where we blew the implementation. All our provinces had to do was follow the example of Colorado and Washington, but every province instead felt they had to do it their unique way for some reason.
The smoking gun isn't proof that China uses proxy companies to spy and steal IP - we already know they do that - it's the fact that Huawei could never be truly independent of China's central government, and if the government asked them to do something or provide them with information they could not refuse. This country is not to be trusted, and if we were truly honest would probably be sanctioned for its support of regimes in North Korea, Myanmar and Iran, for its role in Darfur, for its treatment of Tibetans and the Uyghurs, for its treatment of dissidents and free speech, for its theft of IP, for its military posturing in the South China Sea, for threatening Taiwan, etc. China put on a benevolent smile and launched a global charm offensive that fooled a lot of people, but the reality is that doing anything to bolster this country even more financially, or give them access to our networks and data, is not in the best interest of the free world.
I personally believe that swing voters are the same voters that care deeply about electoral reform, so Trudeau already wasn't looking good out of the gate. As for the environment, Trudeau is the PM who bought a pipeline, and other than some recent grants for purchasing electric vehicles he's not exactly reversing our carbon footprint. Growing our population at the current rate also makes it impossible to reach any climate targets by 2030 - we are heavy energy users because it's winter six months of the year in Canada, and because we import food eight months of the year. I'm definitely not saying Scheer would be better, I'm saying a lot of people are going to be looking elsewhere. It's all starting to pile up - ethical breaches, that tweet, deficits that are double what was promised, his inability to get the pipeline project done, the SNC-Lavalin shitshow, delays and inconsistencies with legalization, and now this genocide thing. Trudeau deserves a lot of credit for the economy and trade, especially dealing with Trump, but it would be hard to prove that we're better off under Trudeau than we would have been under the NDP or CPC. With debt increasing by $96 billion under his leadership, they have a point.
I have a long list of games I want to finally finish - Fallout 3, Skyrim, Final Fantasy XII, Super Mario 64, to name a few - so I completely agree with not worrying about finishing any games you don't care about as much. More time to spend on Games I do care about.
There was a pretty good quote or comment a while ago to the effect that "Trump's success is the failure to educate."
F ^^You ^^missed ^^an ^^F.
All of this posturing is probably meaningless. At some point we will do something about global warming, hopefully sooner than later, and the Arctic will freeze over again.
Why do people camp out to see a movie that's going to be in the theatres for months? It's a mystery.
This is a slippery slope I don't want to go down. There are probably a billion people in the world who could claim environmental refugee status if it became a thing.
Wasn't Stan Lee a bit of a dick when he was younger, taking credit for work of others? Don't know much about it but that's was going around Reddit for a while.
That's how things used to be for a variety of industries. Now we're in a situation where you don't even bring your empties back to the liquor store, there's a separate bottle depot for that. This is a big issue. Southern Ontario and Toronto is sending most of its waste to Michigan because they couldn't find anywhere in a province that's four-and-a-half times the size of the United Kingdom who would take it. When Grande Cache closed its landfill, Vancouver and most of the Lower Mainland starting shipping its waste to Washington State. Nimbyism won't even allow us to take responsibility for our own garbage. It's shameful and expensive. As for life cycle treatment, I couldn't be in more agreement. However, I'd like to get in a little ahead of the cycle and be better when it comes to the types of packaging allowed. Cardboard boxes of pasta should not have plastic windows. Plastic bags of pasta should not have paper labels. Jars should not have tin lids that can't be recycled. Everything we buy should be 100 recyclable or compostable - both packaging and product - at the end of its life cycle.
There are citations out the wazoo. Here's one of them: https://vancouversun.com/opinion/columnists/douglas-todd-canadas-immigration-targets-a-form-of-housing-policy-says-study
I'd love it if everyone was equal, but we're not. Canada was built to be the way it is by our very conservative, very puritanical forefathers, by the sacrifices that a lot of people made in their daily lives to leave a better country and situation for their children and grandchildren. We invested in education, built functional cities, brought in a cradle-to-grave social safety net, valued order and secularism, and levied taxes to pay for it. We didn't just happen. It's too bad that other countries aren't as high functioning, but instead of taking the best and brightest from these countries we should be encouraging them to stay, when it's safe at least, and improve the situation. I look at the exodus from Venezuela and it kills me because this was a country that resources, infrastructure, a strong social safety net, and an educated populace, but also saw their population explode from 5.5 million to 32.5 million in less than two generations, which resulted in high youth employment and a dearth of opportunity. Add in the Latin American penchant for corruption and militarism, and that country is in a death spiral. But I'd rather they figured it out, with our help if necessary, than have a situation where five million people decide to leave.
Hang in there. My mortgage has less than 10 years left, my daughter is almost in high school with over $40K in an RESP, and I'm back up to 7.5 hours of sleep a night. I even have time for hobbies. And while I used to think retirement was unrealistic, we've scrimped and saved and invested and it might actually be possible for us. Not early retirement, that shit is for unionized public sector workers, but a solid 65 and out.
The connections between areas aren't as good physically as DS1, but the lore connections are great. Even the DLC fits into the larger story.
He's got an audience and resources and was willing to do the work. Plus, he was no ordinary comedian making airplane and fart jokes, he had the funniest, most intelligent fake news show ever, and spawned a dozen other shows like it. He was a great interviewer. And whenever he stepped up to the plate, like taking on Tucker Carlson and Crossfire, he knocked it out of the park. He was intelligent and quick-witted enough that it was almost impossible to disagree with anything he said.
I don't think Pixar uses Apple anymore - https://www.digitaltrends.com/computing/pixar-shows-software-at-gtc-2016/
Human life is cheap and plentiful. There may actually be more people in the world right now than rats. Endangered animals are more worthy of protecting than the people who would hunt them or ignorantly consume pieces of them.
Didn't Billy Corgan from Smashing Pumpkins hang out on the show as well?
Twins remake confirmed.
It's not price fixing though, it's price matching - and it's a zero sum game for everybody. When Rogers introduced the 10GB/$65 plans in December 2017, the other telecoms matched it within hours with the result that nobody really switched carriers and all companies were making slightly less money from subscribers - there was no advantage to cutting costs for consumers. It's a game of chicken, and the only way it will be won is for the telecoms to find something unique they can offer to customers that the others can't match.
It's true but it's also semantics - whether they criminalize the seller or the customer doesn't matter because both parties need to exist to engage in prostitution. If one half of the transaction is illegal, the other half is illegal in practice. Ergo prostitution is still technically illegal, it's just that only the buyer can be prosecuted.
As a father with an idealistic and naive daughter who might volunteer for something like this one day, I'd like to know so I can talk her out of it.
People love conspiracies. However, the problem is that it's pretty much impossible for anyone to keep anything secret these days. If the telecoms were colluding, we would know that - it would be impossible to keep that quiet within a company, and all it would take is one disgruntled manager to spill the beans.
"I don't hate Tom Brady, I just think he's an ugly cheater."
Fucking Pumas - every player can run, every player can hit.
Trolls at least serve a useful purpose by keeping riffraff away from bridges.
More puma than man.
It's bigger than people. It's time to regulate and bring in proper accreditation for news organizations, and go after people and organizations who deliberately publish and distribute fake news. Anything that's opinion should be labelled as opinion, and even then it should be based on actual facts. We want to know how much salt is in our food down to the microgram, our news should get the same level of scrutiny. People won't trust governments to get this right, but an independent commission of editors, schools of journalism, etc. could do the work, assisted by a snitch line where people can report bullshit.
"How about February 26?" "Same."
Literally happened to me when I was 15. All my Star Wars stuff, my GI Joes, some old Transformers, my old skateboard decks, my lego, my fucking comic collection (a lot of old X Men and the original Spider-man vs. Venom series, etc.), my hockey cards, my baseball cards, my D&amp;D modules and handbooks, my Mad Magazine collection, my Cracked Magazine collection, my Heavy Metal Magazine collection. My dad gave it to some cousin who, to this day, I've never laid eyes on. It was priceless to me, but the value of that collection today would easily be in the six figures. When I think about the hockey cards alone I get tight in the chest.
My dream, which will never happen, is for Trudeau to step down as leader in favour of someone more boring and pragmatic - someone who would have kept deficits under $10 billion, followed through on electoral reform (we should at least be having a referendum on it if we heeded the committee) and who wouldn't be as obsessed with virtue signalling and showing how sensitive and PC he is.
I wasn't though, it was in a bunch of boxes in the crawlspace - I was 15, and didn't spend a lot of time with my toys. Didn't mean I wanted them given away, and he never asked.
Good point, and believe me when I say I do support more education, but I don't think it's enough - online disinformation is dangerous and is starting to get people killed. At some point content has to be verified and vetted and dangerous, non-factual nonsense masquerading as news needs to be removed - and the people who generate it investigated.
Canada also needs to up its drone program in a big way to defend the north - it will never be cheap or easy to have people up there and Canada is massive, but drones could cover a lot more ground with a lot less hassle and could even be controlled remotely from elsewhere in Canada.
The crazy thing in all of this is that we're supposed to believe that Huawei is completely separate from the Chinese government while the Chinese government is engaging in a full-on trade war to get Meng released, going so far as to sentence Canadians to death. That's not something you do for an independent company in your country that got caught stealing patents and ignoring sanctions.
And minus the actual military experience.
*All of my assets will be converted into gold and made into a fabulous coffin. Melania will be buried beside me, alive.*
I miss Pratchett every day. I know he wrote something like 47 Discworld books, but it wasn't enough.
By side.
She also plans to stick atound through the Olympics, so chances are good that record is hers.
Vegetarian for 20 years. I can't really digest meat anymore without a severely upset stomach - something to do with enzymes and gut bacteria changing over time.
It's locker room talk.
The second amendment is a sacred line you do not cross, the twenty-second is meh.
For me, it starts with housing. We can't keep up with 340,000 a year, and prices are partly a reflection of that. Think about it this way: let's say half will go to Toronto, which is 170,000 people. Let's say that represents 60,000 families and singles that need homes. Some people will die or move away, but let's pretend that all we need to build is 30,000 units. Let's say an apartment tower has 10 units on 10 floors. That's enough for 100 families. We would need to build 300 of those towers every single year just to keep up. Where is the land for this? Where is the financing? And because of the demand for materials and labourers, what is the construction cost going to be per square foot? Where are the new buses and trains to carry 170,000 more workers? Where are the new schools and hospitals? Where are the parks? And that's annually. The Toronto area is going to add two million people in the next 20 years. How? Pearson airport is maxed out. The TTC is maxed out. Hospitals, prisons, and schools are maxed out. There's no plan for this growth. There's no money to prepare for it. There's no free land to build on. Toronto can't even handle its garbage, the city has to ship it to Michigan, but it's supposed to absorb two million more people? What a horrible city it will be.
I grew up in Toronto, and most of my family and friends still live there. I don't know a single person who wants the city to get bigger, or turn it into a New York or LA. The city I grew up in is not getting better as it gets bigger. It was a clean, green city that didn't have cars roarimg all over the place at night or sirens every five minutes. You could drive downtown and park, you could buy an actual house with middle class wages ina decent neighbourhood, you could get out of the city to cottage country in two hours instead of four. The Gardiner and 401 weren't gridlocked 24/7. The Toronto Island didn't have planes landing every five minutes. You could get seats at restaurants and patios. People were insanely polite, picked up after their dogs, and put litter in the trash. Poverty was minor and manageable. It's not the same city today, and is getting worse in all kinds of ways.
Assistant to the Regional Manager from The Office.
It's not political will, it's money - pure and simple. To get better transit, you have to increase taxes and fares, and I'm sure residents of Toronto and Vancouver wouldn't be thrilled with higher municipal taxes on top of all the other taxes and fees they have to pay. Inevitably that's what it will come to. Or we can stop growing.
The West Coast had next to no snow in March, and has had very little rain in April, May and June. This is after a winter where we experienced record cold snaps and less precipitation than usual. And this is just the latest in a string of weather records that seem to get crushed every year. The result is that everybody here is talking about climate change - we're afraid of fires, drought, the loss of our ski industry, insect invasions (more ticks, more things like pine beetles), etc. It's really not a good time for Scheer to play politics - if he wants to make gains, he would take the lead. I want the parties to compete over whose plan is most aggressive.
I never said solely, but Toronto and Vancouver aren't growing because of the birth rate. Most of the growth above replacement is related to immigration.
It should be mentioned that the thawing of the permafrost, while forecast, is happening about 70 years sooner than models expected. We're in a feedback loop where change is accelerating in all kinds of dramatic ways. This affects everyone. Even if you're one of those crazy selfish people who is genuinely excited about shorter winters, how do you feel about more turbulence? Bot flies? Centipedes? Brain eating bacteria? More mosquitoes and ticks carrying worse diseases? Never-ending water restrictions? Smoggy skies from forest firest? Summer temperatures that cause asphalt to melt, burn the feet of dogs, and kill birds? Higher prices for food because of drought? All those things are coming, if they're not already here. EDIT: I forgot to add natural disasters and the price of home insurance. I work in property management, and insurance companies are seriously gun shy after shelling out for fires in BC, Alberta and California, flooding in BC and Quebec, etc. Climate change is going to fuck us all kinds of ways we can't even predict.
Endlessly growing the population to pay for things is a pyramid scheme. We're bringing in hundreds of thousands to prop up the boomers, and we'll need to bring in millions to prop up the hundreds of thousands we're bringing in to prop up the boomers. There will always be a reason to grow. We need to stop passing the buck. People need to pay for their own retirements/pensions, as well as the cost of services they will use as seniors. Taxes and CPP contributions will need to increase, and governments have to do more to ensure that average and low-income individuals are saving enough to provide for them down the road. Japan is bracing for its population to decrease by 25% in the next 30 years. Instead of just bringing in more people (which they are doing in a small way), they're accepting the population and GDP dip and looking at novel ways to deal with the issue - robots and automation, wellness plans to keep seniors mobile and independent, programs to keep seniors in the workforce for longer, tax increases, programs to provide more security for young people to start families, etc. This has to happen everywhere eventually, we cannot keep growing our population. Earth is a finite resource, and all of the glorious sharing and redistribution people imagine will happen in the future is never going to happen for the simple reason that it's antithetical to our economy, religions, cultures, and the concept of sovereign nations. Countries will go to war before they share resources and wealth, or give up their cultures, languages and religions. A democratic "one world government" that cares for everyone equally is not going to happen. The only solution is to figure out ways to decrease the population while continuing to function. The first step is to ditch the GDP - it measures nothing tangible and creates pressures to pursue endless growth. The second is to get serious about the way we treat the future economy - governments need to balance budgets, raise taxes and CPP contributions, and build up funds for future generations. The third is to change the way we look at work, and find ways to keep seniors in the workforce for longer. My mother worked her job as a translator, part-time, until she was 70. My father-in-law retired from his dental practice when he was 74. Yet people were freaking out when they moved the retirement age from 65 to 67 so Trudeau moved it back. That was a mistake. The fourth is to embrace automation and AI as a solution to this problem. Seniors should expect some of their needs to be met by robots instead of human workers, and AI can be used to verify that seniors are getting their medication properly and are safe. They can get groceries delivered, use teleconferencing to talk to doctors and family members, use computers to pay bills and remind them of dates and appointments, alert families when there is a problem or inconsistency, provide automated self-driving transportation to places they need to go, and protect their money from scammers and family members. Growth can't continue forever, eventually we're going to hit a wall and it's going to be a disaster. Picture a billion starving Africans trying to board boats to Europe, mass migrations around the world, countries going to war over the last fish in the oceans and rare sources of fresh water, the collapse of agriculture in California and Mexico, millions of refugees turning up in rusted boats on both shores of North America. These are all things that intelligence agencies like the CIA are predicting in the next 50 or so years. The status quo that relies on growth is not sustainable. Unless we can come up with a functioning alternative we are doomed.
They always come out hard, it's the last half of the game, and the last half of the second half, where our lack of depth and creativity shows. Scoring in rugby these days is no easy feat - look at Wales in their Six Nations sweep, how many of those tries came off of sneaky box kicks and set plays that do something unexpected? In a way it could be good for us. Let's accept the fact that we're far from the best in the tournament and come out with a game plan built around staying mobile and always doing the unexpected. Stay out of rucks and mauls, go for long passes and quick passes from the sidelines, kick the ball to open areas, generally screw phases to avoid tiring our forwards out, and play an open game. A bit of what Italy did in the Six Nations basically, but with more of a plan for offense.
If anything was suspicious, it's why this person went to Costco every single day for two months with a backpack. I'd search the guy as well. And they do search handbags. My mother-in-law carries a monster and they always look inside. Always. And she's a sweet, 70-year-old lady. EDIT: Reread the article and on the second reading realized that he went one day in June and one day in July, not each day in June and July. My point is worthless. Still, not exactly a pattern of human rights abuses to have your backpack searched twice.
Stores don't want to check backpacks and, yes, purses, but they have to. Shoplifting is a $50 billion annual business loss in the US every single year, which means it's probably at least $5 billion in Canada. Not doing anything costs more. Don't blame the stores for their policies, blame the shoplifters.
Let the murdering and backstabbing begin... (Just joking, I'm happy for these people. And a little jealous.)
They will have to. I will love it when MLR is in Vancouver, Ottawa, Calgary, etc. Right now, the only game I can get to us the warm-up against the US on Sept. 7.
"Dammit, Jim!" Total nod to Star Trek.
People might laugh at that, but I know someone who is a lawyer with mental health issues and trolls like this all the time. For example, he'll go into a store, put on women's clothing and ask the clerk what they think. If they say it looks good, he'll buy it and sue for misrepresentation and damages - "I wore it in public and felt like such an idiot, my reputation was damaged." If they tell him it's a women's shirt, he'll walk out and sue for infringing upon his human rights as a transgender person, which he is not - "I have a right to wear women's clothing if I choose, this store discriminated against me." I don't think he's been successful yet and judges know his name, but he filed a bunch of these around 10 years ago. He was looking for cash settlements.
There are a few things I'd love to add if I had the chops: An interest calculator, a business calculator, a kitchen calculator, a construction calculator, and an adding machine calculator mode where you can scroll up and see all the numbers you entered.
Why wouldn't people care about U18 teams? And I think U20 would be better - World Rugby has a U20 World Cup and it is amazing. And very few of those players have pro contracts.
They may have trained at the pro level but they weren't paid professionals. The U.S. still won most of the medals even when they played college kids. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Olympic_medalists_in_basketball You should probably do some research before being a dick.
The best of the best is the Stanley Cup. The Olympics has always been different, at least on paper. The goal at the beginning really wasn't to feed nationalist chest thumping and making billions of dollars, it really was about bringing countries together and goodwill and sportsmanship. I liked it better then.
So you're saying there's a chance...
This would be so dangerous - players would be teeing up wild slapshots from everywhere hoping to squeak one by.
I'm pretty sure he's not licensed to practice law anymore, but he still knows the system.
They caught one guy. No idea what happened with that.
Yup, he definitely nailed us. The real question is whether anyone is listening.
I'm pretty sure you can activate trigger points by moving slowly forward - flatten the horse thing witha two-handed giant club, and creep forward to the next trigger. Bring tons of healing stuff and save your estus for the boss battle. You can also double back to the healing fountain. If you're really struggling, they stop respawning after a while.
One of the reasons it matters that Canada is getting more crowded is the fact that it's winter six months a year and import food eight months a year, both things that result on our having a higher per capita carbon footprint than any country on earth. We're in exactly the wrong place for growth. Something like 80 percent of our population and almost all of our best farmland, is within a few hundred kilometers of the US border - everything north of that is marginal rock, muskeg, boreal forest.
Our diversifed customer, China, isn't doing business with us right now over our arrest and extradition of an executive from a supposedly independent and definitely not state controlled tech company. I'm not entirely sure there's going to be a market for this oil.
Trudeau ran to the left though and co-opted a lot of policies from the NDP and other parties. A lot of voters expected better.
The went further left on a lot of things, including the deficit - the NDP were promising to balance the budget, and the Liberals came out and promised spending. They also co-opted the issue of child care. Most of the Liberal gains came at the expense of the NDP.
My point is about how Trudeau ran. They were trailing the NDP in the polls until they released a platform that borrowed heavily from the NDP and shifted the party to the left of the NDP on the spectrum. It was a gambit that was very successful for the party in the election, and it was widely discussed before and after. It was also a bit of a ruse - the Liberal Party has always been centrist, but to avoid another split vote they represented themselves as Harper's opposite.
It's kind of like how we declare a climate emergency exactly one day before approving an oil pipeline. We're consistently inconsistent.
You can almost hear the honking and cries of "I'm walking here!"
Eh... Transit in Vancouver has its issues as well. The Canada Line was built too small, they should have had four cars at least from day one - it took less than 10 years to become a standing-room only sardine can. The Lions Gate Bridge is an insane choke point, as is the Ironworker's Memorial. And while the Seabus is a great alternative, it's still faster for people from West Van to drive through all that traffic than take two or three buses to get the Seabus. I'm glad they're finally serious about building a line to UBC though, and the line to downtown Surrey is going to be a game changer. The service hours suck though, the trains should run at least an hour later in the evenings. Toronto is way behind on transit in comparison, even with the new Eglinton light rail project. If they're going to keep growing that city, and all signs point to yes, they need to start adding some lines to that subway map, create more one-way streets downtown, close sections of the city to private vehicles (like the tolls in London), and find some viable alternatives to the DVP, 404, QEW and Gardiner.
It doesn't really explain if this would be part of the 340,000 or whatever - are we increasing immigration, or changing how we fill that quota? While I'm against growing the population in general, one of my beefs with immigration recently is that it tends to favour wealthy, educated individuals who don't drive taxis, push brooms, flip burgers or do the jobs that new immigrants used to take on while they learned the language, went to school, and got the hang of being here. Instead, we had to ramp up our TFW program to over 300,000 at one point to fill those positions.
I thought it was a bit derivative and lacked the intensity of his earlier work, such as "Man carefully refueling riding mower" and "Man angrily picking up dog shit that isn't his."
There are lots of illegal renters out there. There were over 1,000 illegal Airbnb rentals available in my town, which has maybe 20,000 homes. If it's legal and nightly rentals are allowed then Airbnb is a great tool and alternative to using property management companies that charge 30-40%. Still, people renting through Airbnb legally should be licensed and taxed.
The more I looked at that book cover, the more I saw Seinfeld.
The license enforces the zoning in this case, but it's the same as any industry - hotels need a license, taxis need a license, restaurants need a license, etc. Where I live you can get charged $10,000 in fines for renting just one night without a license. As for increasing costs, it's only required for people renting out on a nightly basis, not for long term rentals - and it's $150 a year.
Most of those homes and "suburbs" you're pointing to are banging on 100 years old. Toronto used to be a very small, livable city where you could actually afford to own a home with a reasonable wage and could drive and park anywhere. Unplanned, senseless growth crammed down the throats of people who don't want it for the last three decades is the problem, not history.
He got elected though, didn't he? Angry people are still angry even if Ford didn't work out as planned.
If anything his name was an impedement - he was running third until the LPC releqsed its platform and the debates reassured Canadians that Trudeau was more than his name. I'm not a fan, but he ran a great campaign.
More people are killed on highways than in gang violence. Just saying...
I'll have to confirm this, but I think my wife's grandfather was one of the pilots.
Mulcair was good. Singh has potential, but is no Mulcair. I would have loved a minority Liberal government that had to work with the NDP. Instead we're going to end up with at least four years of Scheer, probably with a majority.
Is there a reference to a Harry Rosenberg? I know he was stationed out of Tofino and was involved in a crash during training.
They are very independent! Also, let our executive go immediately or our government will retaliate. But, again, totally separate.
I saw the picture with the story and immediately thought of this guy: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeR0n8d3ShTn_yrMhpwyE1Q
I keep hoping that Microsoft will get back into the market with phones that run W10 and are an extension of Xbox. They could still carve out a niche if they really wanted.
I admit nothing, don't be a dick or claim superiority, or call me a liar, because we disagree on the best course for Canada. You want to grow, I want to stop growing. You have reasons, I have reasons. As for why the 5% growth matters, everything has a tipping point. That 5% matters when the rental occupancy rate is less than 1%. &gt;How is anyone supposed to believe you really care about this part? Don't be a dick. That's what I care about. I can go back in my comment history and I've been saying the exact same thing for years. We're in the wrong part of the world to grow, every new Canadian has far more impact on the state of the planet than any new person in a temperate country.
Valuations are pretty tenuous, keeping the value high means liquidating it slowly while constantly bringing in new ~~suckers~~ visionaries to buy even smaller fractions of bitcoins. It's totally not a pyramid scheme though. It's like owning a share in a very exciting new business that owns nothing, produces nothing, and still manages to generate a lot of pollution.
Nobody is under the illusion that they can save all kids from a shooter, all these protocols were designed to reduce the number of casualties. And you're right, the shooters will get access to these guides, but it doesn't change the fact that it's harder to hit kids hiding in the dark than in plain sight, and every second that goes by increases the chance that the shooter will be diverted or stopped. The tragic mathematics of mass shootings that we know are going to happen again and again. The thing that's really awful to me is that people are profiting from the fear, selling bulletproof doors and locking systems, training teachers and principals, training police and emergency responders, etc. and probably doing quite well out of it. It's an extension of the firearms industry that nobody talks about.
That trumpet player is in the zone.
They're already angling how they can profit from the collapse.
I wonder if they can pass a quorum law that lets quorum be adjusted to reflect who is actually there? Where I live, a condo needs 1/3 of owners to be present at an AGM to form quorum, but can pass a bylaw that delays the start of the meeting for 30 minutes and then proceed with the number of people and proxies who showed up forming quorum. Nothing would get done otherwise.
That litter campaign worked though - in the '70s there was litter everywhere, but by the mid-80s cities were pretty clean. Then they stopped hammering home that message, and guess what.
I don't know about "hate," people just like the new jerseys less. They look too much like football jerseys in my opinion, but the main thing is that they don't tackle each other on the field and people in the stands can tell which side is which. I'm still floored that the pumas aren't sponsored by Puma.
I literally have to walk this guy's jokes off. It's a weird feeling - you're laughing but feeling like a horrible person for laughing at the same time.
He'd never spot a replica.
It's early days and these things take time. Success depends on how many of those properties are zoned for overnight rentals that are allowed to use Airbnb, as well as proper business licenses to run them. Strata councils also have to bring in bylaws to ban their use, which took a turn when the previous bylaw was successfully challenged - all of the bylaws on record were overturned by the same precedent. The wording has been updated, but it will take at least a year for all stratas to make the change.
That's cheap for retirees fleeing Toronto, selling their homes for a million dollars.
Wilkinson is out to lunch. Almost everything he's criticized the NDP for are policies that started with the LPC. The Plecas thing? The LPC hired him, ignored his expenses, threw him under the bus when the allegations came out, criticized the NDP for letting it happen, then called for the end of partisan squabbling when the report came out. And that's just one example. They've been hypocritical on campaign financing, the electoral reform referendum, the carbon tax, MSP, housing, and a hundred other files they mishandled over their 17 year tenure.
It must be hard to watch the company destroying your business getting incentives from the state and city government to do so, regardless of what other perks they'll bring. Imagine being a small restaurant owner watching a bunch of chain restaurants being offered free land, tax breaks and other incentives to build there.
The state of AI and automation is changing so fast that we're nearing a point where a phone or TV can be almost 100% built by robots. When we hit that point it won't matter if a factory is in China or downtown Toronto. It's more important to have knowledge workers and resources, as well as a plan for jobs when so many jobs are replaced by automation. In the late '90s I worked for a company that did some work with a Canadian company called Automation Tooling Systems (now ATS Automation) that made the incredibly sensitive robots and assembly lines that assembled razors, printed motherboards and chips, etc. That's the future, not finding other sources of cheap labour to exploit. It also will make it possible to cut out China completely.
It worked for Ford, Kenney, Legault. I don't follow the other provinces as closely, but there's is most definitely a nationalist zeitgeist in Canada that is all about Trumpism. It's powerful, it's loud, it's angry, and it has enough silent supporters that it is actively tipping provinces and the country to the right. The problem here, as in the US, is that the left refuses to recognize any merit to what they see as legitimate complaints. Michael Moore understood that, which is why he was among the first to predict Trump winning the election - Trump's appeal to rust belt voters was the game changer. Nobody else was going to take on China or Mexico, or bring jobs back. We're doing the same thing here. Media is focused on the extremists, not the quiet, middle class individuals that believe government isn't working for them, that wouldn't consider themselves to be racists but are branded that way for daring to question immigration levels, that have legitimate concerns about housing, jobs, government debt, sovereignty, globalism, the livability of the our cities, the opportunities that are going to be there for their children, and the sense that elites are running the country for their private benefit. I don't agree with it, but I understand it and think there is some truth to it that the left wing has an obligation to address. Otherwise, the right wing will own those issues, follow the same playbook and win everywhere.
My old high school was semestered and had an extra year - Grades 9 to 13. Some people would take even longer, another semester, another year, possibly longer - we called it a victory lap. It was awesome. It also doesn't exist anymore, and the poor bastards that came after us have to learn in four years everything we learned in five-ish. One of the best parts is that it also meant that we all turned 19 in our first year of University, which meant we were legal drinking age in Canada. It definitely added to the college experience to be able to go to a bar with the rugby team after a game or to blow off steam after exams. Kids are getting ripped off.
Is it an illusion or is there a drop shadow on the white text?
She did have some First Nations ancestry though - like a grandparent was 1/8 First Nations. There are people who claim bloodlines with less than that. She wasn't lying, she just grew up with a family version of her ancestry that she accepted and - here's the good part - was proud of, even if it was overstated. They also haven't been doing these types of DNA tests for very long, so there was no way to verify herself - and no reason to either. What, you're going to call grandmother a liar?
Scheer did not look comfortable in that photo.
Austerity is hard work, they're probably underpaid.
I'm keeping my fingers crossed for a car company. I would love a company that built cars for this country - rust-proof panels and chassis, cold start capability, heat batteries to store heat and warm the cabin quickly, defrosters that work quickly, advanced traction control, driver assist features to keep people awake and on the road at 3 a.m., always on front and rear cameras to help keep drivers honest and our insurance low, etc.
I would support the hell out of this. A Canadian version of Tesla would offer AWD vehicles, different configurations like trucks, night driving features so you can spot deer and moose from further away, etc. Having a single app for a single nationwide charging system would just be the icing on the cake.
It's hard to top Assassins Creed Black Flag.
Baller.
I used to get nervous as hell before games, so I always made of point of being in the first fray of the game. First tackle if we were kicking, first maul, ruck or carry if we were defending. After that first contact the fear goes away and you're just in the moment for the next 80 minutes. Have fun. And don't forget that the object of the game isn't to hurt people or show how tough you are, it's to score points - that took me way too long to figure out. Instead of trying to run through people I should have been looking for the offload. Instead of tackling people - my specialty - I should have been trying harder to strip the ball and gain possession. Instead of trying to finish every tackle, I should have pulled up and followed the ball.
There were some interesting statistics about the number of Americans who live in "food deserts" where the only nutrition available comes from corner stores and fast food restaurants - no farms or farmers markets, no healthy options, and no good grocery stores with good quality produce. They don't grow food or know how to cook it. They also weren't raised on healthy food and don't know any better.
Not saying they're idiots, I'm saying they think salad is iceberg lettuce smothered with ranch with deep-fried chicken strips, bacon bits and hardboiled eggs because that's the salad they grew up with. They buy the bread they can get the most conveniently, which is white bread sweetened with sugar with little nutritional value. I should have also mentioned that the healthy option also costs more, and that isn't an option for a lot of families and individuals on fixed income - so the healthy options move out.
Double tap &lt; double stab.
"Keleven" made it seem like incompetence, but all those rounding errors were just a front for a gambling mastermind.
Did Russia have any connection to the Anthony Weiner emails that came out on the eve of the vote? Comey did some damage there as well, no question.
The narrative is that people are being kept in camps on the Mexican side of the border and denied the right of applying for asylum at the US border. Because pf the condition of the camps, people are getting desperate and dying while attemping to swim over or cross on foot. Nobody is saying they should be given instant citizenship, but that the US has an international obligation to receive refugees. EDIT: For everyone downvoting me or explaining what these people did wrong, I'm just explaining the narrative of the people who are opposed.
He's been doing this job for decades though, and I wouldn't say this particular cartoon is any more controversial or shocking than anything else he's produced. He was doing his job and, if I may say so, doing it well. There's no way he could have anticipated this particular cartoon crossing any kind of line, obviously a lot of editors were fine with it. I just hope this backfires on the Irvings by bringing more attention to their monopoly and media empire, and how it's being flexed to quash free speech and support a fellow billionaire who has been accused of rape, obstruction of justice, failure to secure or investigate foreign tampering in his election, and more.
Having 230 pound guys skate at you at 50km/h and somehow keeping your focus on the puck takes nerves of steel...
It got overshadowed by Australia, but enDangered animals are dropping dead left and right in Zimbabwe because of the drought there. An entire herd of 200 elephants died in the last few weeks. It's looking grim.
It's not just Chernobyl, there was the scare at Three Mile Island and more recently Fukushima. There were a lot of other stories about near accidents and incidents like the accidental release of radioactive gas and water. In the background there's been a major dispute over safe storage sites - nobody wants the waste or the power plants. We've also been led to believe that low risk alternatives like safe pebble fuel reactors and slow burning uranium silos are right around the corner, but they never materialized. Now, other alternatives are far more viable and nuclear may not be necessary.
It's so incredible that Americans think that any socially democratic policy is radical when it's how almost every single successful country operates - even the US if people were honest.
You're fooling yourself. We're living in a dictatorship!
\*yeet
We say "we" when resources in Canada are in control of the provinces, and Alberta wants that oil out of the ground. The rest of Canada has almost no say in how those resources are developed, just as Alberta has no say on clear cuts in BC or manufacturing in Ontario. Canada, by building a pipeline, reduces the overall impact of that industry, while also - and this was poorly communicated - helping to fund the transition to alternatives.
Next vet? What happened to the last one?
Part-time beet farmer, full-time paper salesman. Also a commercial landlord and volunteer sheriff's deputy.
The housing market typically increases in step with inflation and wages when there isn't a financial crisis. The current market is distorted by foreign ownership, by money laundering, by the lack of new supply, by speculation, and by a lot of other factors that have nothing to do with wages or other normal factors that typically determine housing prices. Targetting money laundering, taxing foreign buyers, and other policies are a direct response to these outside factors.
It's insane to think that Ontario taxpayers should be okay paying a Snowbird's medical costs in Florida for providing services that probably cost ten times more than in Canada. I don't think any other provincial health plans offer out-of-country insurance.
This is what I hate about slippery language. The article says she's accusing Trump of an act of war when in fact she's merely recognizing a truth that can't be debated - there's no refuting that assassinating a general of a foreign military IS an act of war. Nobody could possibly deny that, and therefore it's not an accusation.
Globalism isn't equal though. We can't go and buy real estate in China or even New Zealand, and the U.S. forces foreign owners to file taxes there. Canada's situation is a little bit unique in terms of what we currently allow.
Iran was at war with ISIS in the region, the same as the US. They just backed different forces that were loyal to Assad - forces that Iraq also depended on to fight ISIS.
Next thing you're going to tell me thw Superbowl winners aren't the world champions.
People always accuse Europeans of being soft because they're anti war, but what people don't know is how much their media actually shows. People in Europe see far more of war and conflict than we do in North America.
It is interesting all this happened weeks after Iran announced a major oil strike.
I guess we'll know more in time, but it amazes me that Americans are surprised that other countries do the same things they do - like interfere in other countries while pursuing national interests. And if he really was behind the recent attacks on the embassy, let's be honest - the embassy would be a smoking crater right now. The protesters that showed up were most unarmed, throwing rocks and molotov cocktails and things like that. Soleimani (Suleimani?) had access to mortars, rocket launchers, machine guns, as well as a core of trained fighters that have been more or less in combat for the past eight years. The honest truth is that I don't trust the official line on anything anymore, the west is just as guilty of propaganda as the regime in Iran. It's best to question everything. I do know that Iran hasn't really attacked anyone overtly, even if they have supported groups that have been labelled as terrorists in the past (and in a lot of those cases the truth is actually complicated).
And are pilots just supposed to bomb these areas with no declaration of war, no military purpose, and commit the war crimes that Trump is threatening?
"I'm going to hit you with the back of my hand because the front is much too good for you..."
There's no bottom. He could say or do anything at this point and they would defend him.
He thought Kushner was pretty smart, which goes to show that his judgement isn't great either. \#PresidentCamachoForLife
I missed peak Cracked.
He still telegraphed his moves though so you could react and counter. The hardest boss was the Fume Knight, who arguably had the slowest attack of all the bosses. Or you can look at the Pursuer - you could tell he was going for the shield bash, the charge, the curse stab, etc. if you paid attention to what he was doing. You could only get in one or maybe two shots at the most in between attacks and it might take five minutes or longer to pare him down, while DS3 so far feels like your success depends on how quickly you mash the R1 button, run away, and then repeat.
He may have won in 2016 if he was given a fair chance by the DNC and media, they did everything they could to sideline his bid as a freakshow. He still managed to raise almost as much as Clinton, like $230 million, with virtually no media coverage and only a few debates. Honestly, I think the turning point in this election was his appearance on Rogan's podcast, some 11 million people have watched the video on YouTube alone, and probably the same number listened to it on the way to work. He did an end run around the media narrative and it paid off.
California does controlled burns. The problem is that brush grows back too quickly to manage, a few years for some types of grass and brush, and it's honestly been too dry to stay on top of any burning program. It's also limited to areas around settled areas, the state is far too big to manage even a small percentage of the wilderness.
So the 11,000 climate scientists who have studied climate while going back as far as ice, fossil and rock records can take us are full of shit? No offence, but I'm going to take their word for it.
It would be natural if A) the fires were naturally caused, B) the temperatures and precipitation patterns were normal. It's hotter, it's drier, and people are starting over half of all fires. It's supposed to rain sometimes. We have also interfered with fire cycles, sometimes because of the commercial value of the trees and sometimes because they're close to human habitation, which is a problem that can be mitigated - not solved - by controlled burns. But the idea that controlled burns will completely solve the problem is a fallacy - it's not realistic to control fuel over tens and hundreds of millions of acres, on a frequent enough basis to keep up with the growth of grass and brush.
They're irrelevant because they're going to happen no matter what, natural GHG emissions are background noise for what's currently happening. The planet can absorb these natural events. It can't absorb the added greenhouse gases that humans are contributing. Think of a river that starts at a glacier. On its way to the ocean it picks up bacteria, animal waste, toxic minerals and substances, and other impurities from the natural environment. That's not why it's polluted, it's all the nitrogen fertilizer, industrial chemicals, and human waste that humans pump into it in the last few miles that makes the difference. We are the same difference with the atmosphere.
I wasn't saying climate scientists are experts in forest management, I was obviously replying to this: "Is the climate changing, yes. Are humans to blame? Not entirely. The Earth has gone through cycles like this before and will go through cycles like this long after humans are gone. The Earth is 4.5 billion years old. To think we are the only cause of climate change is ridiculous." Scientists have accounted for natural climate change in their models and still say humans are responsible for the current situation. They know exactly how much we contribute to the problem, and how much we need to reduce our emissions to get back to a normal climate.
Wait until he finds out about the secret squirrels.
I used to go on Wikipedia and just follow the links.
I get in this argument all the time with my mom. I can think of so many examples in BC alone - tazering a guy to death at the airport, tazering an old man in a hospital bed, shooting a homeless guy with a 2x4, shooting a guy in the back of the head, kicking a handcuffed man in the back, leaving a drunk teen girl tied up in an uncomfortable submissions position for hours, police drinking and driving and killing someone, and leaving the scene of the crime, etc. There are always going to be bad apples and cases like this, but every single time the police stick up for each other and the public has lost a lot of faith in the police to do the calm, reasonable thing. I think most police officers are great people, but we need a more professional police force. It's a high-paid position with lots of benefits, and we should demand that all officers have some kind of bachelor's degree in policing with sessions on cultural sensitivity, indigenous communities, conflict resolution, laws and legal rights, etc. with mandatory psychological and stress testing to ensure they have the right temperament. Most police officers have less education in their fields than our local librarians. You can be wearing a badge and a gun after three months.
The best that can be said is that Bush was Cheney's patsy, like Trump is Pence and Pompeo's. This is what happens when you elect stupid people to be president. Skip the physical test, every potential president should have to pass an intelligence test, current events test, history test, government knowledge test, psychological test and stress test before entering a primary. No more stupid presidents.
I'm not a religious person, but people like Saint Carter make me wish there really was an afterlife. St. Peter would be high-fiving this guy at the gates of heaven.
It was 2005. https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/man-shot-in-back-of-head-rcmp-shooting-inquest-told-1.651690 There's another case I remember where someone was shot despite being handcuffed to a tree, but I can't find that link.
I think having a three-year bachelor program would force people to take the professional more seriously and provide police with more opportunities for all kinds of training - while also providing more opportunities for drumming out unqualified candidates. The job pays around $100K a year, we should be picky. There's so much to know - traffic laws, some chemistry for drug identification, First Aid, self defence, mental health and addiction studies, cultural studies, conflict resolution, the law and legal precedents, court proceedings, criminology, computers, statistics and research, interview techniques, police phrases in other dominant languages like Chinese and Punjabi, training in social services and other resources to help people, firearms training, hostage negotiation, etc. Imagine a truly professional police force where the training actually matches the salaries.
Solemani had access to an arsenal of weapons and a seasoned militia of fanatical soldiers. If he wanted to take out the embassy it would be a crater.
Said the officer who had no witnesses and no backup. It could have happened exactly as he said, but it seems like there were a lot of ways this could have been avoided.
I'm pretty sure the attack on a commercial airline was accidental, they thought they were shooting down a military jet. Shooting down a plane full of your own citizens isn't a show of force it's a show of incompetence. EDIT: There's also a possibility that a radical faction within Iran that is not - or barely - under state control fired the missile to goad the west into war. It's obvious that Soleimani and his kind had a lot of autonomy in their decision making, which is how we got into this mess - he backed Iran-friendly factions in their battles with factions supported by the West, and obviously didn't care if that put them in a proxy war.
I might be wrong about this, but I think France has the highest concentration of pro clubs of any country with Top 14 and Pro D2 comprising of 30 teams in total. They also have a pretty sizable feeder club system through the federale divisions.
Klobushart. SNL called it.
And then he told everyone in the office the next day.
No capitals, two periods instead of three for a proper ellipsis, a missed apostrophe, a comma splice, a superfluous "just" - I've clearly picked a battle with a genius.
We were lucky to have him. Rush is really the gold standard of what it means to excel in something, to work so hard and do something so well that people have to sit up and take notice. Even people who weren't fans of the music had to appreciate the skill and artistry. There was talent, sure, but behind it was a work ethic that puts everyone else to shame.
GM and Ford: "Make the trucks BIGGER!"
Not to mention he took that ball at pace, everybody had to change directions and try to bridge the gap.
But why aren't we discussing the legality of the hit? Tkachuk's shoulder clearly contacts Kassian's head, the helmet was flying off long before he fell to the ice. I thought the league was actually trying to do something about head injuries, which in my mind would mean fining/disciplining Tkachuk after the fact. That's not to excuse Kassian for going full psycho, but getting head-hunted has a funny effect on one's ability to self regulate.
I lost faith in the Cup final last year when someone from the league apologized to Las Vegas for the major call on the attempted murder of Pavelski... and for their lack of a call when Krug, sans helmet, skated the length of the ice to drive his shoulder through Thomas's head as his feet left the ice on a blatant charge. It was clear on both videos, especially on slo-mo.
Chin straps are a joke, but honestly if you watch the hit you can clearly see the shoulder hit Kassian on the side of the head.
They both were headshots, including the one that sent Kassian into murder mode. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=La9bD9xsUR8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=La9bD9xsUR8)
There are factions. There's the superfan faction, where nobody will ever admit that a player on their team was in the wrong. There's the vampire faction that loves blood and injuries, and enjoys potentially career-ending hits on 20 year olds. There's the "league knows what it's doing" faction that assumes something is fine because the aggressor got away with it. There's the "never laced up, keep your head up" faction that has no idea what it's like to skate up ice with a puck while trying to pay attention to nine other players moving at top speed. Reasonable voices belonging to fans that would rather players didn't hit each other in the head are few and far between - and downvoted to oblivion.
Just because other parts of the body are involved doesn't mean it wasn't a head shot. He leads with the shoulder which suggests that the head is the target, even if their hips bump first.
He wasn't playing the puck, he was flying into another human being's body who was playing the puck. Heads were hit. I don't know how you can say it was the shoulder when you can literally watch the shoulder contact the head on the video. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owDK0bqIFP4 48 seconds exactly. He does contact the shoulder first but his angle and momentum carry up into Kassian's head. It could be argued that, given the height difference, that wasn't his intent, but this is a professional athlete who has been throwing checks for a decade and he can't pretend he didn't know where his shoulder would end up. If players can be called for high sticks regardless of intent then why not shots to the head? You're supposed to be in control of your body and equipment, and take care not to injure other players.
Sometimes it's just reckless play that a player should have realized could end up as a shot to the head. Going shoulder to shoulder often results in one player's shoulder sliding up and contacting the head, which is what happened in this case. If he led with his hip or avoided leaning into the hit we wouldn't be having this conversation.
Because he can't see that part when he closes his eyes.
You say that even though the video of the second hit clearly shows Tkachuk's shoulder smashing into the side of Kassian's head? And in the first hit, the hip to the head, Kassian was bent over at the time. Tkachuk was going for a big hit without regard for Kassian's head or safety. If the NHL wants to protect heads - and it says it does - then it has to stop looking at intent (which is impossible to prove), and start looking at consequences. Again, it's like high sticking - intent doesn't matter, you're supposed to have control of your stick and you're responsible for when it comes up.
No question. In youth hockey the refs will actually go down the line and jam their fingers under chin straps to make sure they're tight enough. I'd hate to do that to NHLers, but helmets should never come off.
Eakins definitely gets under Pavelski with his stick and upends him, which is a penalty, and Stasny pretty much drives him into the ice head first. I personally thought Eakins should have got two minutes at the most while Stasny should have been sitting in the box for roughing. Pavelski was going over no matter what, but Stasny made it 10 times worse. I played hockey as a kid, but as an adult it was rugby. If you saw someone going over in a lineout or tackle, you had a duty to try and protect that player and do what you could to catch them. You saw that all the time in the World Cup. You might be jamming your hand in the same guy's face a minute later if he got in your way, but there were limits and people respected them - nobody was out to injure others. I once saw a player angrily push his own player off the field for finishing a dangerous headlock tackle, and that player didn't see the field again for the rest of the game. I know hockey is different, but I wish the NHL would take head injuries seriously. It's pretty sickening what's happening day-to-day, and the lack of respect among players. In the good old days, hitting someone in the head with a shoulder would have resulted in a goon sorting you out at the next opportunity. Bertuzzi and the instigator rule ruined that, even as the pads got even harder and made it possible to throw your body around with impunity. In my view, they should treat all head shots like they treat high sticks - intent doesn't matter, what part of bodies collide first doesn't matter, what matters is someone got hit in the head.
Iran was always going to moderate, it's a young country and something like half of the population is under the age of 30 - and they don't want to live under religious tyranny anymore.
You may be conflicted on this. We'll check back when Kassian takes out Tkachuk in the next game.
Which weakens one or both teams, which weakens their chances of appearing in the playoffs, which means more American teams in the playoffs and harder erections for Bettman.
Wake up and smell the Bettman. First year as league commissioner? 1993. Last time a Canadian team won a cup? 1993. Number of team when Bettman took over? 24. Number today? 31. Number of American teams added? 8 and soon to be 9. Number of Canadian teams added? Net -1.
Is r/rugbyunion the sub of the week or something? Yours is the second comment today from someone who is new to the sport. Welcome to rugby, the greatest sport in the world. Soccer is good, but lacks the intensity and physicality of rugby, and the diving is disgusting to watch. Football has its moments, but an NFL game has something like 11 or 12 minutes of actions in three hours, with a lot of replays, chatter and commercials. Rugby is 80 minutes of action, no commercials, with injury time tacked on to compensate for stoppages.
They're all in. Turning on Trump now would cost them support from their party and constituents.
The CBC does a great job and outside of its opinion pieces is usually quite objective - journalism schools study bias and CBC generally does quite well. However, they do make mistakes and must make corrections when that happens. What I bet happened here is that the person writing the story wasn't the same person who wrote the headlines, which is common, and the headline writer gave it a quick read, saw the words "change" and "government" and wrote the most sensational headline they could. People are always looking for nefarious reason for these things when the explanation is usually tired people being people.
It just bothers me that they're setting this up like a UFC fight. The suspension was a start, but they need rein this in.
Here's another take on the same bullshit. https://www.traderumours.com/index.php?blog=11600&amp;fbclid=IwAR0LeMmt_YTJZOMUuGQ8Qpm4y4MRHU3_6vw1PMSxSMGmfKBT_kMVu202FsE My point is that this situation is getting out of hand, and both teams need to be put on notice that the NHL will be watching.
The temperatures are supposed to go up next week and there might event be rain. I'd be very concerned about flooding.
That last pass out of contact was perfection, a half second later or earlier and this might not have been a try. A lot of players would have tried to crash that close to the line, but by pausing before passing he sucked in at least two defenders.
I know you're not judging with that username...
I would say I USED to prefer No Name over Ruffles, they almost had a Kettle Chip texture with a really good flavour. Then they changed them, now they're almost see through and the flavour is whatever combination of acids and caustics burns your tongue the fastest. Now? I'll give my vote to Humpty Dumpty All-Dressed over Ruffles, although they are incredibly hard to get. Either they're really popular or they only come out once a year where I live.
Remember the salt riots of a few years ago? Walking downtown a few days after that was hilarious, some places had two inches of salt sitting on the sidewalk, others had a foot of ice with sporadic salt-shaped holes. My wife swears they used to get snow every year when she was growing up there in the '70s and '80s.
Trump hires snakes and then gets snaked. Remember the Gooch? An asshole on your side might seem like a good idea, but if things go wrong then you have an asshole to contend with.
Don't let that stop you from forming an opinion of it first.
This was about getting attention, not support - and reminding authorities that they can do it again at any time.
A giant, high-density suburb where the trees aren't big enough to provide any shade and the only local restaurants are soulless chains.
I wonder if there's a Vegas bet on this and what the odds are. I'd say that Ovi has his work cut out for him these days with top-line forwards coming in over $10M a year and the salary cap. Ovi needs to keep a group of talented forwards around him of the same caliber as Gretzky to feed him pucks, and I don't know if that's going to be possible with the amount of team jumping going on these days.
I'd give the credit for "most feared" to Semenko after McSorley got his ass kicked by Wendel Clark. He was never the same after that.
*When you tell one lie, it leads to another* *So you tell two lies to cover each other* *Then you tell three lies and, Oh Brother,* *You're in trouble up to your ears!* *So you tell four lies to try to protect you* *Then you tell five lies so folks won't suspect you* *Then you tell six lies and you'll collect* *A life filled with worries and fears* *'Cause you can't remember how many lies you've told* *And half the things you say aren't true* *And sometime you'll slip up, you'll trip up and then* *Whatever will become of you?* *So you lie and lie without even trying* *And each lie you tell will keep multiplying* *'Till the whole wide world will know you're lying* *Then you'll be* *Suspected* *Detected* *Rejected* *Neglected* *Disliked* *And you should!* *When you lie, you're closing the door* *On everything good*
It's obviously bullshit - you wouldn't say we were trying unless there was some kind of mutual agreement to try. Although maybe the husband/boyfriend is this scenario hid his sterility to get laid more often, in which case there's a small chance this isn't bullshit.
Exactly, I call BS.
So it turns out that Hillary Clinton is a bit of a Mean Girl.
That's astonishingly good.
There's a conspiracy theory going around - somehow my in-laws got wind of it - that Iran killed the people on these planes because they were all westernized moderates, or traitors to the regime. There's also some speculation among the tinfoil hat crowd that there were a few enemies of the regime on that flight. I know those are pretty weak reasons to deliberately shoot down a passenger jet, but some people believe them. The black box will at least reveal whether there was any communication between the military and the pilots before the missile was fired.
We used to watch videos of his games in high school because the coach wanted to show us, a physically small team, how being crafty can score points. It really helped, our fly half could have been nominated for an Academy Award that season.
The bureaucracy is the point, by making things even more difficult (and I support many aspects of C-71, like looking further than five years into a person's history) they are making it less worth it to own a gun. That's been the case in Japan. [https://getpocket.com/explore/item/how-japan-has-almost-eradicated-gun-crime?utm\_source=pocket-newtab](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/how-japan-has-almost-eradicated-gun-crime?utm_source=pocket-newtab) I know Japan doesn't share a border with the US or have an immigrant gang issue (although gangs definitely exist there), but they have also successfully prevented the growth of any kind of gun culture. And while we have strict ownership and handling laws already in place, the number of people shot and killed by legally purchased weapons is not zero. It's hard to get starts, but the average number of murders involving licensed gun owners and licensed guns is between 10 and 12 a year - not huge, but not nothing either. The number of suicides is also significant. Small changes, like looking further into a person's criminal and mental health history and banning weapon types that have become fashionable among mass shooters - with police making that list instead of politicians - will make things safer.
&gt;As is the case with many social media pile-ons, the backlash to the backlash is louder than the backlash itself. In this case, it seems there are lot more Canadians offended that people are offended by Trudeau’s doughnut choice, than there were people offended by the choice in the first place. That's just good writing and sums up the current media landscape perfectly.
The whole point of being here is that they're trying to be left alone, to stand on their own feet, and live private-ish lives. They don't want to waste our tax dollars, but since we're not leaving them alone and the security of the grandson of our putative head of state is being put at risk but the sick obsession of a few lunatics, we have no choice but to step in.
I looked into it, and apparently the controls are wonky - it doesn't use the analog stick or transposes eight-direction movement onto the analog with mixed results.
I'll have to go looking for my numbers, but this report suggests that guns are responsible for the majority of domestic homicides in Canada. I do agree we do a terrible job of reporting firearm statistics. https://nursesunions.ca/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/2018_CFNU-Position-Statement_Gun-Control_EN.pdf
The narrative that Regan won the Cold War is laughable, even as the Soviet Union fell apart I don't remember anyone actually surrendering.
They got the call but were all injured.
I'm not saying licensed gun owners are high risk, but they do pose a small added risk that the public - the vast majority of which do not own guns - is being asked to tolerate.
I'm not arguing the numbers, PAL holders are safer - they have to be, given the vetting process. I am arguing that PAL holders are still not 100% safe. We have one year of data with four homicides and I say that's four too many, especially for friends and family of the victims. If the changes that government is bringing in, like looking further into a person's criminal and mental health history, can reduce that four to a zero then I'm on board. Again, the public is being asked to accept a small but real risk on the behalf of gun owners who oppose any further attempts to limit their access to weapons or make licenses harder to get. The public is overwhelmingly in support of stricter gun laws. You could argue that it's because they don't really understand the issue, but while people may not understand the technical differences between guns or all the laws regulating storage and transport, they also don't care. They don't understand why people need them or like them, outside of hunting, or think the risk is worth it. It's not like government isn't also targetting gangs and criminals, that's very much a part of the program. Enhancing gun control is only part of the strategy. It's false to argue that we're being asked to tolerate gangs and crime when significant resources - hundreds of millions of dollars - are being put towards those things even as we speak. Government isn't JUST targetting legal gun owners here.
https://www.theglobeandmail.com/canada/article-ontario-federal-government-to-announce-54-million-to-fight-guns-and/
Definitely sexual. A naked girl fixing a bike is not sexy, a girl in this pose is definitely sexy. I'd argue that this is probably one of ten stock poses that they would use in a magazine like Playboy.
Those are good questions and I don't have the answer. But I would say if there was an objective standard for what is sexy that a majority of people could agree on - and this isn't a standard of beauty but intent - then I believe this image would meet that standard.
Don't underestimate Trump and his supporters, or Russia, or third party interlopers, or anyone who thinks Trump's capitalist dystopia is more American, and better for their pocketbook, than Sanders' socialist utopia. Sanders will have to overcome every dirty election trick in the book, including the DNC and their in-it-for-Biden-because-their-are-limits-to-liberalism superdelegates. They might tolerate Warren in this race, but Sanders is a no-go. They blame his supporters for losing the last election, or having more to do with the loss than anything Clinton did or didn't do.
I was in University last in 1997 and this was equally true then. Self-centred activism and resume padding.
I want to poke fun but every one of these people is better at something than I will ever be at anything.
From the rest of the world's perspective the status quo in the US is already radical, and providing universal health care, taxing the wealthy and addressing climate change are really just sensible things to do. I hope that Americans can undestand that and recognize that "radical" Bernie Sanders would be a normal, only slightly left-of-center candidate in any other developed, western nation.
Everybody is tired who has kids, the secret is not to make it a competition. Take turns making dinner, doing the bath thing, reading, have a cleaning and chore list. If he won't pitch in then take a weekend off and go somewhere, and let him look after the kid for a while. Things will be different after that.
"It's clear that the president was talking about a political price in the next election. To suggest otherwise is beyond the pale. It's no secret that we will be targeting Schiff in the next campaign, taking aim at his failed policies as we go in full bore with all chambers firing."
I like it but the fans didn't. Pure Heroine sold 3.4 million copies, Melodrama sold 400,000. Her top five downloaded songs are all from Pure Heroine. I think the length of wait and high expectations hurt her.
I don't think it's a scandal that a party leader got a stipend for family expenses, but the damage to Scheer's "brand" was the whole point of this revelation. Scheer's whole schtick was that he was a simple, middle class, man-of-the-people who was going to take down those snooty liberal elites in Ottawa, but there's nothing more elite than insisting your five children attend an exclusive private school.
Singh speaks Punjabi, French and English fluently.
Harry Potter and the Half Back Deegan
I think women are physiologically colder as well, regardless of clothing choices. What's comfortable for most men is uncomfortable for most women. [https://www.fatherly.com/health-science/why-women-are-colder-than-men/](https://www.fatherly.com/health-science/why-women-are-colder-than-men/) A valid point in my opinion.
That's why I'm not in support of the ban, it seemed to me that he was just demonstrating something that other players were using. He was upfront in that video. There's no indication he ever used Aimbot in his own competitive matches.
Bernie's policies are only slightly left of center for any OECD country, and there are perfectly functional western democracies where Bernie would be to the right of the elected party.
Next up: Bhutan Death March.
They are also extremely messy and attract a lot of wildlife, which adds to the mess. Good luck parking under one. A lot of cities are removing fruit-bearing trees of all kinds for this reason.
I'm immensely proud of our low brow contributions to popular culture - SCTV, Kids in the Hall, Trailer Park Boys, Letterkenny, Kenny vs Spenny, The Tom Green Show, Corner Gas, Red Green, Schitt's Creek, Baroness Von Sketch, etc. Our higher brow content, like Murdoch Mysteries, is as good as anything you'll find on the US networks. This Hour Has 22 Minutes and Mercer Report were incredible current events shows. If anything, we should be encouraging more Canadian Content because most of those shows I listed actually make money internationally and have a global audience. Make the CBC free and increase funding so it can produce more content and provide more coverage of Canadian events and culture.
I just don't look at it as an "either/or" situation, corporations need to cut emissions and play a role in this AND their customers have to acknowledge their responsibility to be a part of that. Everybody has to be part of the solution. As for calculating my carbon footprint, I've done this for two decades. My family has one sub-compact vehicle that we share, we live in a small and easy-to-heat home that I weatherproof every winter, I bike or walk to work most of the time, I haven't eaten meat since 1993 and we eat as much local produce as possible, I offset my trips, I buy natural fibre clothes and patch them, my wife and I made a conscious decision to stop after one child (the plan was two but my wife's entire family is rife with twins), etc. It's not that hard. And I can honestly look at the problems facing the world right now and say I'm doing my part by living sustainably. As long as there's a need, industry will fill it. I've reduced my needs.
Well, there was that business card...
He's out of options to challenge and appeal. The decision was always the federal government's. Honestly, the court challenge had very little chance of succeeding, but stalling the project wasn't a bad way to fight for more benefits and concessions and maybe get more First Nations on board.
Same answer. We either do our part to address climate change or we live with the consequences - which are going to cost a lot more than any carbon tax.
People went to jail in the Clinton impeachment for refusing to testify. Look up Susan McDougal. It's hard to pinpoint the exact moment when America went off the rails, but there's a strong case to be made for the Clinton impeachment.
May cure your syphilis. May also kill you or make you go insane. Your syphilis will be gone either way.
No comma necessary, or two commas with another after "too". The heart is in the right place.
I'd be surpeised if they manipualted data, most likely this is because of some kind of selection bias in their sampling. I did a poll once for a different firm and they came back to me over and over, week after week, because I answered their questions. It was easier/cheaper to call/email me repeatedly than to find someone else to poll.
At least he's wearing a mask, that puts him one step up on the POTUS.
Women's rugby is the best bet for a lot of countries.
In a good way or a bad way?
His pants were ridiculous - we make fun of Obama's Mom jeans, and for good reason, but at least he wasn't wearing capris.
And it's dank. A banner day for r/dankmemes
Not with that much *savoir faire*... (It was so classy that it required French words)
Because most of the soldiers are poor or middle class. And because it's a true meritocracy where people are promoted based on ability.
I said whoah...
I don't think GWB was evil, just kind of simple and trusting. He let his father's cronies and Cheney make all the decisions while he just kind of went along. His reaction when he was told about the 9/11 attacks was an honest moment of being in over his head. He was warned that it could happen, maybe he even tried to do something about it, but it happened anyway and he blamed himself. They used him. That's not to excuse him, more to try and explain him.
That's when they tell us it wasn't tear gas, it was a non lethal aerosol chemical irritant that inflames the tear ducts and mucous membranes, and that retails under the name "Crowd-Begone". Definitely not Tear Gas ...
I don't think he intended that kind of death toll or the amount of destabilization that would happen, his advisers lied to him and said it would be easy, that they'd be greeted with liberators with minimal casualties, that Saddam definitely still had chemical weapons that could be used against America and its allies, that this will make the Middle East more peaceful, etc. all the same crap the public was told at the time, and he believed them and went along. He might even have thought it was his own idea. He wasn't a high IQ president, he didn't have the knowledge or critical thinking skills to question the things he was told, and that made him easy to manipulate. He was the Michael Scott of presidents. The outcome was evil, no question, but I think his misguided intentions were good in the beginning. And no, I don't believe his own words in his autobiography or think he was the "decider" behind all of this. If anything, he's a cautionary tale why Americans shouldn't elect dumb presidents, although it seems that the lesson is still being learned.
They don't mean serve in the way of providing a service, it's more like, "You got served!"
Why punish the team for the actions of one player? This rule change seems fair to me. My guess is that it will make rugby safer because they'll hand out more red cards.
He's being raised by the Secret Service. Agent Johnson is a better father than Trump could ever be.
"How To Tank Your Marketshare With One Easy Step."
But he's been charged with criminal trespass, not theft. I haven't read anything that suggests he actually broke anything or took anything.
Meanwhile we're put in the awkward position of defending a guy we both clearly don't like because the truth matters more to us than our feelings. By the way, he hasn't been charged with theft or breaking and entering, just the charges of criminal trespass and unlawful assembly. You'll find a lot of protesters, also filming the events on their phones, will end up facing similar charges.
I haven't seen one story in the media to that effect. Of course if it surfaces that he did throw a rock or partake in any looting or damage to the property,, then fine, I would happily retract my defense of him.
To Serve and Protect. Only it's less like providing an actual service to the community and more like "you got served, bro!" And it's more like "Protect our jobs, pensions and fellow officers no matter what" and not "protect the general public."
I'm honestly rooting against him getting the goal record for this reason. I love him as a player, he is probably one of the top 10 people I'd love to party with, but Putin literally a fucking demon.
My dream is that he comes to Canada and plays a season in the CFL to show he's ready to come back at that level.
Less police might result in a higher burnout rate, which might lead to more excessive force complaints and higher costs for recruiting. I'd rather have better police than fewer.
A little sneering mouth pops out of the bigger sneering mouth. And when you cut him he bleeds Clorox.
The footage can't and won't be kept forever, likely it would only be held for two weeks or something like that. It would automatically be pulled in an event like a police-related shooting or accident, or when someone is arrested, but other interactions would expire by necessity. A 12-hour shift would generate something like 24GB of footage. You'd also have to swap out batteries several times.
There are 100,000 police officers in Canada who would need at least 12TB a year each to store footage. That's not trivial or cheap. Plus, given the nature of the footage and privacy laws, it would have to be stored in a super secure way in Canada, which would add to the cost and difficulties. Plus, the cost of lawyers inevitably demanding two years worth of traffic stops from an officer - which would have to be matched up in some way and copied from the footage reel - would be massive. Who reviews and tags the footage for every single kind of police interaction? It's much easier to automatically pull footage in certain cases and then only keep footage from arrests and incidents that meet whatever criteria is set. There's no reason to keep footage from speeding tickets forever.
There are 100,000 police officers in Canada when you include municipal forces. They also can't use Amazon cloud storage, everything will have to be stored securely on government servers with the highest level of security in place. The cost of storage is significantly higher than your estimates, which again only include RCMP. I've worked for the provincial government in BC and information technology is not cheap for that kind of secure server access. Keep in mind, I'm strongly in favour of cameras, I just don't see any point in keeping footage from misdemeanors and traffic tickets for an extended period of time. I also think they have to be always on, otherwise police forget (or "forget") to turn them on, which hugely increases the amount of footage collected. You do have a good point - people may be less inclined to challenge the police on tickets and arrests if they know there is footage, but maybe not. It should also reduce the number of complaints about force and harassment and promote better behaviour by police and suspects. That could easily offset any data collection of storage costs. Again, I'm for cameras. I think all police should have them and they should be on all of the time. I just don't think it's practical to keep all of the footage forever.
Assuming they all go quietly...
Dumbledoral...
I thought they just loved yogurt. TV is all lies.
I'm an outside observer here, but isn't there an issue with mail-in ballots and early votes not being counted? I remember reading articles about bags full of votes being thrown out.
The second amendment and open carry poseurs have always been a bunch of craven hypocrites. Shutting down hardware stores and hair salons is a violation of rights worth protesting in their view, but an out-of-control police and sincere efforts to stifle first amendment rights to free speech and assembly are somehow okay? All of these assholes have an opportunity to prove the sincerity of their beliefs by protecting the protestors but they all passed. They were silent when the Supreme Court shut down the recount in Florida. They were silent when the Patriot Act was passed. They were silent when allegations of vote tampering in Ohio were not investigated in the next election. They were silent when the government went into unceeded First Nations territory to force through a pipeline that ended up leaking the very next year. They were silent for the last BLM protests. They were silent when proof emerged that the last election was influenced by Russian interference. And they're silent now. Remember this the next time there's a mass shooting and these same jerks show up yelling about their rights and government tyranny if any kind of weapon restrictions are suggested. They've proven that they really don't care as much as they pretend to.
As long as they know enough to keep hearts beating and lungs breathing until the equipment arrives, they are helping. Even a trained doctor can't do much more in these circumstances.
It appears we've isolated the gene for megabaldness...
Holy shitballs, it's finally happening! No more sketchy Russian feeds, no more $20/month DAZN subscriptions, no more paying $7 more a month to get TSN14 or whatever they're up to now. Beautiful.
We were downtown and honestly my black friends were more sober and reputable than we were. Racial profiling is never justified. And in my view areas like the Jane-Finch corridor, Flemington Park, Parkdale, are proof of systemic racism and what happens when people are marginalized based on race. Nobody is born a criminal.
The answer is yes, but it doesn't seem to matter.
Every lie just becomes their new truth, even when it contradicts another truth.
I don't assume that ever, but 2018 - sweet jesus, that would have been an insane team.
Anyone else just excited to watch rugby again? They could play a kicking donkey at full and I'd be psyched.
It gets defended by Trump or one of his lackeys claiming that he meant to say that Lincoln didn't go far enough, or something like that. Interrupting the thought leaves it wide open to interpretation. Unfortunately.
I think he's going to fake a heart attack, Sanford and Sons style, and step down for health reasons.
Edge can't render Reddit on my desktop or laptop, the page only partially loads and the buttons and links don't work.
If the COVID-19 lockdowns reminded me of anything that used to be better, it was having space - empty roads and sidewalks, room to move in grocery stores, the ability to easily drive places and get parking spots, getting seats on public transportation, etc. I don't like how busy and overpopulated the world is becoming. The city I grew up in has two million more people than when I was a teen, and it's not a better place for it. And the population is supposed to grow another three million (!) In the next 30 years. Fuck that. I don't think anyone wants to go back to crowds, long lines, crowded roads and buses, limited opportunities for things, and so on.
No, the goal is to entertain! Fox is an entertainment network, they said so themselves.
I'd have to re-read the act, but I believe it goes against privacy laws to share that contact information outside of the country. I work for a property management company and we can't store any of our owner data on American cloud servers.
While I feel for these women, I really wish the media would stop editorializing headlines like this, it isn't right. Including "Breaking their silence" makes it sound like allegations are true even if they have yet to be proven in court. "Two womenaccuse fahion designer Peter Nygard of rape" is the only objective way to title this story.
Edgy? Trump has no sense of humor at all, his idea of great comedy is mocking someone with a disability. It's a seriouscharacter flaw.
It's not like she could sleep anyway with Donald tweeting until 4 a.m. while plowing back cheeseburgers.
There's a test school near where my in-laws live that does year-round schooling. It's called Spul'u'kwuks (First Nations name), and it's killing it in standardized testing. [https://thetyee.ca/News/2012/05/02/School-Holidays/](https://thetyee.ca/News/2012/05/02/School-Holidays/)
The airplane run is a classic.
I think it's a uniquely male perspective (in my male experience) to expect a rational explanation or solution to this, but some things are completely emotional and can't easily be explained or solved. My advice would be to ask for her help. Tell her you know she isn't 100% there yet with your girlfriend even though you are, and that you want her in your corner when you propose. Treat her like an adult instead of an irrational child. You can't change how she feels. You can't even explain it in a rational way. All you can do is go with it.
Girls with slightly crooked teeth or a gap. I was rewatching Chuck and trying to figure out what it is about Yvonne Strahovski that I like so much, and realized that it's her teeth when she smiles - her front teeth are a little bigger than the others.
I have tried the reboot several times. I'm thinking of doing a backup and then a full factory reset without the SIM card installed.
I'd just mandate masks in buildings, on transit, etc. The fact we haven't is ridiculous. We could go back to normal with some light muffling of speech.
Why borrow from foreign agencies instead of Canadians? Issue bonds through Canadian banks with a guaranteed rate of return, and ensure that all interest paid at least goes back into Canadian pockets.
People will downvote you but it's true. Let's say China buys up a chunk of our debt - we've just given them leverage to force our government to allow Huawei 5G towers and force the sale of Canadian resource industries to their government owned corporations. True sovereignty means shouldering your own debt.
This comment section is a cesspool. Apparently because a bunch of black kids beat up a white kid on the other side of the planet the whole BLM movement is somehow discredited? It's a new low for Reddit.
No lie. I was a catcher once, and a good one. Then we got an overweight kid who couldn't play any other position so he got the catcher's mitt and cage and I was moved to first base. Then we got a kid with one hand (!) and first base was his position. All the other positions were taken by pretty good players so it was the outfield for me. That was my last season in baseball. Hockey? My dad couldn't play because he had polio as a kid so I was the only kid who couldn't skate well on the first day of hockey school. I ended up in net and never left until I quit. Soccer? "Hey, you play goalie in hockey so you'll love goalie in soccer!" And this was the old days where everyone played with full-size nets that were impossible to cover. I somehow hung in there until I was 11, maybe playing defence a few times if the coach was feeling generous. Then I quit. There were two years of my life where I played nothing, just skateboarded around and joined whatever football game or street hockey game was going on. I played golf. And I was in way worse shape than my friends who still played team sports. Thank fucking god for high school rugby.
In German it means "A Whale's Vagina."
As long as this doesn't increase the number of total games these guys have to play, I think they play too many in a season already.
I guess that's doable, but with international fixtures, pro leagues, champions leagues, etc. these guys are being put through the wringer. With the speed, size and physicality of today's game, they're burning out and retiring due to injury a lot faster than the past. At least that's my impression.
A lot of doctors and people in business will incorporate themselves for the tax and liability benefits, and most of their money is left in the company. It does make sense to purchase a house with the corporation, especially if they use any part of it for their business. They also don't have to take the capital out of their business.
All Lives Matter! White Lives Matter! Blue Lives Matter! Seriously though, well put. Men are overwhelmingly for the majority or murders, assaults, rapes, mass shootings, rampage shootings, and all kinds of other bullshit. Let's own up to the problem and the solutions.
I would say your words prove my point as well.
You should have said that, not "I was going to further explain why I don't like a lot of progressives, but your own words fit them perfectly." That was exactly the kind of thing I was talking about.
Doing things for the benefit of happiness of others is legitimately the greatest feeling you can have. Try it, you'll be amazed.
Let's hope we get 2021 and not 2020 Part Two.
Microsoft should create its own phone OS and app store! Wait...
This isn't going to go well. Auston Matthews was taking COVID seriously, or it seemed like it anyway, and he still got it. The NHL can't guarantee the safety of the players.
Well call him, Trump looks like he could use a laugh.
They're not looking for equivalency, they're looking for worse. They need antifa to become the boogie man.
Everyone keeps saying a noose was found when it was, in fact, placed. It also wasn't hidden or lost in any way, it was supposed to be discovered.
There's no way it was a joke because there's no conceivable world in which that would be funny.
We had some nice weather where I live in April, after that not so good.
And it would have forced Microsoft to release its own portable.
Conservatives aren't funny and only laugh at cruelty and jokes about how stupid other people are. They never joke at their own expense either. That's the main reason why I think it's hard to look at conservatism as anything other than a personality flaw and in some cases a mental illness.
Would you agree that by not participating in the committee they've lost the right to criticize the committee's actions? I think conservative voters would be disappointed that their elected representatives didn't even bother to take part in a committee that is responsible for decisions that have major ramifications for government, the debt, large and small business, travel, borders, etc. They have an obligation to participate even if they don't have the votes in committee to steer its direction. Who knows? Maybe they could have been part of the solution for once.
Every single person in that organization has lost someone to a drunk driver. Being angry about it is why they've been so effective.
You're thinking about Jews from northern Europe and Russia, many of whom have blue eyes and naturally blonde hair. Middle Eastern Jews aren't fair.
People always look at the price as something that affects them and them alone, they don't realize that businesses that charge less for goods and services are making the money elsewhere - and a lot of the time it has to do with the way staff are compensated and treated, and the kind of volume they're expected to handle. Saving yourself a few bucks sometimes rewards unsafe business practices. So ditto on the Kal-tire recommendation.
Come on man, Biden? Where's the razzle-dazzle?
Honestly, if he had an ounce of genuine self awareness he would probably take this opportunity to talk to Americans, explain himself on COVID and BLM, and promise to do better. He would go up five points overnight. Instead, he'll rant and rave about fake news and Sleepy Joe, brag about his prowess with ramps and drinking water, fire some people on staff he probably hired a month ago, and generally sulk about how unfairly he's being treated.
Or BC could do the right thing, finally, and mandate masks in public. At this point we know for a fact that they are effective in helping slow the spread of the virus but our governments won't require them. We could be out of this by now. And while the US as a whole is a horror show, at least some states and counties down south have brought in mask requirements.
Cancel the season. Seriously. How many players have tested positive at this point? 10? All it's going to take is one positive test for a team in a host city and the whole thing will be for nothing. Make it a two-year season, only returning to play when things are safe.
I didn't say zero cases, I meant in the next stage of openings and normalization. We've been shut down for longer than some European and Asian countries that mandated masks in public right away.
He could say that but he'd be lying out the wanzhou.
As long as it takes. Windows Phone was gaining traction as an affordable third option and the phones and OS were generally loved and well reviewed. The Band was a little before it's time, as was Kinect, but if they had held on and continued to innovate it would have paid off. The Zune could have become a portable gaming system overnight. Microsoft is now on the outside of the walled gardens that Apple and Google are building, piggybacking on other platforms instead of building their own.
I choose to hate both the game AND the players. It's all fucking stupid.
Everything that comes out of his mouth is a lie. Everything that goes into his mouth is a cheeseburger.
Agreed. But I'd rather be doing better.
We have shifted from a resource and manufacturing economy to a service economy where the wages were always going to be lower. Our whole economic strategy as a country has been to grow the economy by growing the population, and damn the consequences of that - including the devaluation of labour and the unaffordability of housing.
Most people I know just work an extra 40 minutes a day and get 100 percent.
It's really not bad. The work day starts 15 minutes early and you leave at 5:30 p.m. Most people are working those kinds of extra hours anyway, they're just not getting credit for it.
The bigger question is why did he drive into the protest - in the first place - and create the situation?
People will absolutely care - Trudeau lost support and seats in the last election because of the way he operates. But people also aren't single issue voters either, they're not going to vote out government because of one thing. No party is perfect and free from taint. Look at all the Canada Action Plan money that went to Conservative ridings when Harper was in power. The Conservatives rewarded their supporters with no-bid contracts as well - SNC-Lavalin, Seaspan, etc.
