How many iamverysmart's exist among us without us knowing? Iamverysmart's who have learned how to live amongst the subordinate brains? The world may never know....
I always use 11/11/1911
4 legs good! 2 legs bad!
NEXT!!!
Is this actually the same person as the original"NEXT" post??
Man, I wish I could get a switch. It looks so awesome. But I got bills and groceries to worry about :(
I didn't ask for theories! NEXT!!
pardon my ignorance, ill rephrase it in the post. and well, i mean, im not really going to have access to the tv to even use as a monitor to begin with. The tv will be in another room altogether. so, i need a replacement display. And id prefer the better response time and frame rate.
oh no, i understand, but like i said, i agree with him. in a perfect world, id get the cats pajamas of monitors, but the dinero for that good qhd display just isnt there. so im just trying to figure out if the worst qhd is still better then a great 1080p
In fairness, you couldn't use a drop of gas even if you wanted to.
Dan Nicky youre bobbys
You could say he chose....poorly.
They'll be no time to criticize this post when your surrounded by teases, so check you're lease man, because youre living in FuckCity!
You fuck on me!?
If it's from dell.com $300. I've got a 100 buck gift card and a 15 dollar rebate for there. Anywhere else, 150 to 200.
7 years? you mean 2 to 3. tops.
OR...or...you could give it away to an unfortunate soul who has been using a television as a monitor and is soon going to not even have that. Like me. Haha...ha.....ha. And if you didn't want to do that, I could offer a paltry sum of about 150-200 bucks. You never know unless you ask! Lol
I would use the term "dainty"
Is your name MacBeth by any chance?
This gave me cancer.
But you saying that makes me not believe you
Your capital letters have convinced me!
This is the correct answer
Nah
Finally, George Michaels mother is revealed at last.
"What up! We're three cool guys looking for othercool guys who wanna hang out in our party mansion. Nothing sexual. Dudes in good shape encouraged, if you're fat you should be able to find humor in the little things. Again, NOTHING SEXUAL."
god damnit. it took over a year to forget about this steaming pile of shit and you just brought it back in to my mind. this is the biggest god damned insult to world war veterans and George friggin Cohen.
wait...is r/pyongyang NOT a parody sub? is it legitimately NK on reddit?
i would look at it as a better than nothing sort of deal. it also depends on the distance. i mean, if she lives in like NC and needs to get to Florida, dont complain, take the 6 hour bus. if she lives in Maine, or California, the multiple-day bus trip could arrive too late and her dad could be dead already.
need first class airfare honey! NEXT!!
American superiority died in Vietnam
But in this case, it's just Amazon being a dick. Amazon expected everything from Google without giving back. Amazon refused to sell Google products, while Google permitted Amazon products. Amazon is the douche here.
if i get air-raid curtains, ill definitely consider this.
no, blinds are the slatted things.
Just like aproximately 99% of people, I'm going to confirm, No, I have not worked in a blinds shop.
Men get a similar feeling in a tailcoat. However, not that many have the propriety to wear one properly.
Used to? We still do. Most men don't wear white tie and tailcoat to warrant one, however.
I spent the entire duration wondering why you being a veteran was relevant to the story, and then it clicked. Edit: and then it clicked that he was a veterinarian, not a veteran. Jesus people.
Hey, at least your car didn't overheat during a Funeral procession, on a narrow cemetery path, 3 cars from the front with like 15 more behind you
or decent intelligence, if you enlist and score high on the asvab, your waaaay more likely to be able to pick your spot.
ugh. i have one thing to say to you: "Ew." edit: guy edited it. was being a class A creep. lewd and disgusting.
That's cool, that's cool. But what about....denim chicken?
Hello, fellow house wife. This you should buy, me. I leave clothes space, good. Thank you, thank you. If you buy me, I'm hot. Time's, there'll be more, son. The capitalist purchase of me is right thing to do, Philadelphia, so do.
"sjw vegans"
the giant "liberal millenial" comment is cringe worthy. almost as bad as finding out that the "next" girl is only 23. i thought she was an old lady.
[me](https://i.pinimg.com/564x/ce/a6/c7/cea6c752153de32e10c124e6366bf36d--best-funny-pics-sailors.jpg)
get outta here, ya daygo bastehd
tell me how the undocumented man in line in front of me inst paying the sales tax. i want to exploit this too.
One might even say that he's "a really stable genius..." You know, as genius' are often compelled to say about themselves
r/iamverysmart
They know exactly why, and they now have the idea to ruin "the Sims" even further Forget about new abilities and neighborhoods, charge for the ability to build separate rooms in your own sim house
While talking about the Mexican people, he literally called them rapists, saying that the only people who get sent over are criminals and rapists
You had such a good opportunity. "She decided to make bicycling her newest (testament)"
I was a five star man before the internet!
Well, hot dog. TIL
Whats wrong is that it's not his home, he hasn't left this country for 30 years, and he is now displaced from his children.
You make a home. You don't settle in one. I pity the fact that you don't know that.
You have honestly never heard the phrase "you buy a house, you make a home?" Are you serious?
I can't wait. Even if he doesn't get impeached, a one termer is the difinition of a failed presidency.
"I did not have sexual relations with that woman...she's ugly and stupid and said that my peepee was too small but that's totally not true because my hands are huge."
Eh
Radio goo goo
Jesus Christ. Say goodbye to that sorority of yours, and your school, girlie. Lol.
https://youtu.be/FhNTaGmD0D4?t=47s
[Jesus](https://orig00.deviantart.net/73c4/f/2009/268/1/4/that_freakin_deuueaugh_fish_by_torgaz_dethan.jpg)
That grouping of cells has the POTENTIAL to. But within the aborting period, it may as well be a skin tag. It has no soul, it has the potential to have one. It has no brains, it has the potential to have them. It has no hands, feet, eyes, heart, anything; it has the potential to have those. It's not a being until it's grown enough to become one, and within the first few weeks, it's just a cell cluster. A skin tag.
It's really ironic. The military tends to be the spearhead of liberal policies (I.e: racial integration, official gay acceptance, etcetera), and yet, the majority are super conservative.
Trump is such a puppet, man. I hate the guy, he's an idiot and a terrible person, but in recent weeks, I've seen a couple examples where he was actually trying to be a negotiator and compromise and his cronies screw it all up. I still want him impeached. He's way too dangerous, shit-canned whatever good reputations we had left, and i do not want him in charge during a potential war with anyone. However, maybe he's learning, maybe he's trying to be an actual leader instead of wannabe dictator, but the people he's surrounded himself with are just dragging him right back into his own shit.
thats a phenomenal point
omg
If you get an expert, I can probably notarize that for ya
To be fair, you have to have a very high Rick and Morty to understand the IQ
you realise football is just a ploy to sell you a a leather ball? you realise dodgeball is just a ploy to sell you rubber balls? you realise baseball is just a ploy to sell you a ball of yarn wrapped in leather and wood? thats you. thats how dumb you sound
By god, the neanderthals arent extinct. the one on the right has the brow!
Believe it or not, people enjoy things.
Uh....the president is meant to be our supreme representative. Our leader. He's supposed to be a diplomat. He's precisely supposed to be level headed, not overly emotional, and a unifier. The president is supposed to be precisely what you think a judge should be.
You know how you spend 45 minutes looking for a specific vehicle in GTA, then after you get it, it's on the road everywhere?
I prefer a lady in full suit, shirt, and necktie.
Im not saying I don't like some sexuality, provided it's tasteful, but I just really like how a lady looks in a necktie and jacket. It screams confidence, Independence, and real personality. Not something cookie-cutter.
Negative, I am a meat-popsicle
What do you mean you don't know who she is? She put Universal Orlando on the map!
He doesn't need a sword when he already has BO on his side
Is it retro futurist, though? I don't think so, really
Is this a real tweet? Lol
Illusions, dad! You don't have time for my illusions!
Hey, hey, just because they are dummy, doesn't mean they deserve any less than a smarty!
Haha! The big brain am winning again! I am the greetest! Now I am leaving [Facebook] for no raisen!
That guy voted against me, Gob.
you now what also feels great always? not wearing jeans at all. get you some slacks, bruh. feel the spaciousness.
rock and roll music is degenerate
what are you, some kind of moron?
omfg what in the hell sort of logic is that
the thing is, people dont like horrible people like you
Yeah! You stupid science bitches couldn't even make my friends more smarter! Haha!
v/Jazz Hands/v
r/retiredgif
Hello google.com how to fix grandson slit wrist please make reservation at crackel bargel
Well you better hitch a ride with that otter in his spaceship
You can call me Faye but im gonna call you "stinker!" - Grandma Faye
You know, the white kid with the bow motion did that pretty well.
Be gone, vile man! Be gone from me!
No. People can bring in thier parents, and parents can bring in kids (but only if they are under 21). Not to mention, for anybody to bring in anyone, they must be a citizen first. A sister cannot bring in a brother. A nephew cannot bring in an aunt.
I mean khaki is a rather popular color that is readily available. You can't just go store to find a cut you like? That aside, Dockers or Calvin Klein do a decent job at durable slacks.
Wasn't this same scene a Windows screensaver?
TOOLS! I need my TOOLS!
They make a damned good point
Bethesda - Do not.
god, you are the worst.
fallout takes places in a society that never left the societal fashions of the immediate post war period (1945-1952). Its musical theme has been based in a late 1930's to mid 1940's aesthetic. the musical outliers being NV, tastefully, and fallout 4, poorly. To completely leave that would be to give up the franchise personality. also, your opinion does not speak for the majority and your opinion is shit.
And bothers
No, it doesn't.
Research doesn't always need to be tip of the spear. We can hold something as truth without it being deeply confirmed or researched, like how if you hold an apple 4 feet above the ground, and then let go, it's going to fall. Even before gravity was "discovered" everyone obviously knew it was there. But we can't scientificly take that assumed truth on a scientific basis until it's been formally studied.
No, he better not. It's a bad idea to do that.
The flash wouldn't be that quick if it we're what youre saying it is. That's just a glitch
I wouldn't say he's countering the leaks of Schreiber, I would say he's countering the massive amount of misinterpretation. I.e. the vast amount of people insisting that "online" means battle royale, cod style multiplayer, MMO, etcetera. It's almost for sure that the game has online capabilities. 1, because of the pretty consistently reliable leak source 2, I myself took an official Bethesda survey about a year or two prior to the announcement of Fallout 4. The survey asked how the fans would feel about the next fallout game having online capabilities, and im fairly certain it specified something along the lines of 2-4 player co-operative.
The west coast style vault door is supposed to be newer and more advanced than the ones in fallout 3 and stuff, if I remember correctly. And given that vault 76 is meant to be the flagship of vault-tec, it would no doubt have all the best and newest equipment.
Well, remember that development could be much shorter for this, because just like how NV built off of the F3 platform, this likely built off of F4. They didn't need to create everything from scratch. But it would be fantastic if it released in July, that would be pretty similar to NV. However, I suspect that's the source of the rumor. They are saying July because NV was also around that time frame. And that, by no means, makes it true.
You're correct, but I feel like that's a wierd date. They almost always use a date like 31 December.
I hate fallout fans. 95% dont read the lore, and ask dumb question and reach idiot conclusions. Not to mention, most claim "I love the music so much!" But don't listen to anything period that isn't in the game.
this needs to stop.
You're welcome.
shut up and dont eat a shoe. literally do not eat a shoe. do not eat a piece of leather from a shoe. do not. you can seriously harm yourself. youre already a tool, dont become a massive tool. dont enable pandering morons.
yes. everyone has. and everyo9ne talked about it when the trailer dropped. christ, i swear to god the same 10 general questions keep saturating this sub every god damned 12 hours.
its musical theme tends to be generally late 1930's to mid 1940's. jazz, blues, period pop, and early-middle big band. search: tommy dorsey, glenn miller, kay kyser, middle career louis Armstrong, early career sinatra, middle career bing crosby, billy holiday, mills brothers, bill kenny, benny goodman, fats waller, etcetera
where in the hell has there been rock and roll and rockabilly, save for the ONE song in fallout 4? and im not recalling any country songs, just westerns.
how do you have only one kyser song? almost his entire catalog would work excellently
well would you look at this. A glint of gold in an ocean of shit and stupidity from other "fans." good find, boyo.
That's when you contact the company that you bought it from, tell them that it must have been stolen because it isn't here, and get a free replacement.
I'm sorry, are you attempting to justify driving drunk? And your excuse is "alcoholism?"
Amen. I hate this pandering garbage. And not to mention the god damn shoe guy. Oh, I'm sorry, but I don't want him to eat a piece of shoe and end up in the emergency room. Because that's literally what will happen.
You need to speak with a psychologist. Your beliefs are 100% twisted by your own rationalization.
They wouldn't ban him for something that can send him to the emergency room. Are you that gullible?
How many times will this be posted? Jesus h. Christ.
Everyone knows about it. Because you aren't unique. This has been posted about 50 god damn times in the past 2 days
You shouldn't encourage it because this sub is being saturated with this god damn garbage
You are excusing it and permitting it.
My girlfriend is from Venezuelan, and growing up her parents had these older family friends who were Argentinian. They said they both met while working as servants at an estate in Argentina for a german who loved to paint. They say the man was 100% Adolf Hitler. The reason they say he was Hitler was not just because he spent most of his time painting, but for lots of reasons I can't particularly recall ATM. I thought it was pretty interesting.
Or *craaaaaaaaaaaaaaaab people*
you cant have ferrets in colombia? thats news to me
there could be remnant military units still
not bad
He's totally lying. He's 100% one of those guys who thinks everyone is cheating when he looses. The actual cheating stat is probably no more than 5-10%
It's set at that limit so people don't get charged for using mouthwash.
We'll see who gets more honey!
We never had the chance to! 😭😭😭
Tyoo oi-er-lund, Yee sigh?
https://youtu.be/LtH7l-dhHZQ
Thats not communism. Take a political philosophy course.
They have one of those too, I think it was a French invention and was actually used in a couple countries in the late 18th century or early 19th century. However, the whole world refused to climb aboard and it was dropped, despite it's efficiency.
"wives and daughters" same person
exactly. 1 year. not nearly enough time. hes working on a future title.
I'm exceptionally liberal, but what I'm about to say will make you second guess that. Given the current state of affairs (as in, given how shit this country is compared to most other developed modern nation's) a 2 year conscription of service would probably help this country a lot. Give the youth direction, training, and discipline. And rationing could certainly help our throw away culture.
I really do not think so. Have you ever heard of a movie set being built, and inter-scene shots being filmed, prior to a written script? No. It's just not how it works. Not to mention, people in these positions don't lie like that. They will not address the question at all, or they say they are not going to comment. They don't say "yes" or "no" unless it's true.
Oh, hi, Mark
Clearly not that bright, though, if shes supporting a cause that goes against women's interests.
Personally, I hate the guy, but he has the common courtesy to not blab off his beliefs every 30 seconds. Also, I feel like he's not a control freak, and would actually listen to the recommendations of General Mattis. I wouldn't be afraid of a nuclear war. And, one think I liked (ONE THING) was that one time he and his wife went to see Hamilton. He walked out, yes, but he stood outside the doors to listen to what they had to say. He gave them the time of day. Edit: control freak. Not control Greek. Lol
Is that really the reason, or is it because you weren't covered? Because idk if I have that kind of discipline to not get it fixed if it wasn't my fault.
Wtf? Her baby? She can care about her baby just the same on either side.....that's the whole point of being pro-choice....its her choice...
This is literally the reason why you need to go to basic. It's not necessarily to get tougher, but to learn how to take shit and follow orders.
are you talking about the literal child in the background?
especially surrounded by those cultist lunatics
i would describe country roads as folk music, not country.
your logic is a projection of your own opinions. if they like it, then its fanboys. if they hate it, they are intelligent critics. do you not see your flaw?
I'm aware of who sung it, but he did not *solely* write it. And is, as a fact, more folk than country. Edit: I forgot to add the word "solely."
I saw the Wikipedia article too, doesn't make it right. And if you consider Wikipedia to be "research" you are going to have a difficult time. Research, in this case, is listening to country music, and listening to folk music, and comparing. As well as the written descriptions of professionals. The song is more folk than it is country. I said that before. I.e. it has country elements (as most folk songs do), but It deffinetly more of a folk song. And, additionally, like I also said, you will see that it was not written solely by Denver. "Feels good man."
First of all, I didn't downvote you. And that's really wierd that you can't distinguish the deference in genres and sub-genres then. And yes, I accidentally forgot the word "solely" in my first statement. And I'm not going to go all through the internet searching for folk songs and country songs to compare them for you. Almost anyone can hear the objective overall differences. Like I said earlier, country music and folk music has a good deal of similarities, given both of thier rural origins, but they are distinct.
For one example I quickly found: http://www.notablebiographies.com/supp/Supplement-Ca-Fi/Denver-John.html It states Denver as a folk singer-songwriter. It says that the song, actually the entire album, is folk-pop. Also, it says that his musical style was so hated by country artists, that at the country awards ceremony, his award notice/confirmation was burned by the announcer, precisely because it wasn't country.
The only thing I feel like it's missing is Lucille Austero, otherwise, this is sublime. Perhaps you can have her on one of the balcony's if you feel you can add it?
my feelings of cringe and happiness that they give a shit are conflicting so hard.
Nah, they would want to highlight knack 3. Let's push for 2022
i thought it translated to "realm"
Okay. The answer is depression, demons, and struggles. You douche.
No, no. It's generally hereditary. Unless your ugly and become an Incel and blame women for everything, then I suppose it's a birth defect.
I hate it. It makes a million posers who don't bother to listen to any period music beyond what is in the games themselves. I'll play it to myself in public on my Pandora station and someone will hear it and say "Oh iS ThAt FaLlOuT"
Ha!
Sally Sitwell sure has lost her looks
So, is it basically impossible to travel to another Galaxy in a reasonable amount of time no matter how much we improve our technology?
Cylinder light years
Absolutely wear a better outfit than that. At minimum, wear a full suit and tie. Ideally, to put yourself in a good midpoint of formality, wear a stroller. 1. A black jacket 2. black and white plaid trousers, solid grey trousers, or morning cashmere stripe. 3. black dress oxfords. 4. a white shirt (or a colored shirt with a white collar) with a necktie 5. And a vest/waistcoat of almost any pastel color (including white) of your choosing. You already have about half the stuff, and I'm sure you can get the rest in your price range. Remember, you are a guest of the Queen at her private birthday party. You must show proper respect. Edit: lol. Down from 20 upvotes. Here come all the fashionistas who think extra high break trousers totally aren't male capris.
It's basically a requirement for the outfit.
They have missiles too. Edit: Lol okay, downvote me. It's not like you literally launch a missile at the end of NV lonesome road. Or encounter an ICBM submarine in F4
All your ideas are terrible or unreasonable and you should feel bad about them.
It's appropriate given the outfit in question. For example: proper morning coats are black. The stroller is basically morning dress jr.
Literally a major focal point and requirement of the stroller/black lounge. Unless you wear a double breasted jacket. Edit: look it up for yourself. The only non-pastel color that is generally permitted is black. And the black waistcoat is generally for funerals.
Its generally advised. You don't want to wear dark dramatic colors in the day time.
We could've been paused for the equivalent of 80earth years and you wouldn't even know!
Okay, go see the queen wearing anything less than a suit and look like a fool. Be HER guest.
Nobody needs to cite extreme racism. It still exists. Fact.
I didn't say a black suit, I said a black jacket
I mean, it ties the outfit together. Without it your just wearing a bunch of random things. It's not an *outfit* without it.
Coming 2020. Buzz Aldrin is...
Is it though
Is it though
think of the smell! you havent thought of the smell, you bitch!
christ. talk about cliché.
Wtf is that outfit? What year is this, 2003?
no
I would imagine next November for TES6. They probably released that it's real simply to make people stop thinking they abandoned the franchise in preference of perpetuating TES:Online. They always announce as late as possible, and as close to the realease date as possible. That's just my idea though. And I wouldn't expect the next main-line fallout until 2022 if TES is indeed releasing next year. I would, however possibly expect another fallout spin off between that time, given what Sawyer had posted a few months ago on Facebook. Or, maybe he was contracted to write for F5, which brings us back to 2022 at the soonest.
Pretty decent idea. I like that. You know what could also be good? If they did the GTA:5 thing, where your banished to a server if youre always a dick. But then again, your supposed to be surviving in an apocalyptic setting, and everyone can reasonably be expected to kind of be a dick.
Completely. And I hate it. I hate that I posted this. I'm part of the problem, and am fully aware of it when I posted. It's a viscous cycle. The deference, however, is that I'm not oblivious to it.
It's a viscous cycle. But just look at the "new section" paired with the stuff literally on the front page. Where the fuck are the mods? Why is there no moderating?
I know that. I said "Bannished to a server."
I like blue cheese my mother always used it and so did my sister Susan and me Susan died last week from the cancer hope all is well love Dolores
"oh yes"
Or they see the kid in the bullet proof vest walk into thier classroom, right after a loud bang, and dont want to freak him out and just remain calm and quiet so they don't get killed.......
Okay. The next time this situation happens to you, please make sure you document how it goes. Loud bang. Kid in bullet proof vest walks in and sits down calmly. You just get up and start screaming in his face and running around freaking everyone else out more than they already are. Let's just see how the unstable kid with the gun reacts to that situation. Genius.
That's not what was happening though. You are adding details to the situation.
Which one is which?
Well surely you don't *love* kim...
yes. any person with functioning eyes.
protect yourself from what, dumbass? i live in urban NJ, 10 miles from NYC Bee-lining. any person i know that has weapons uses them for sport at the range, in a field, or for hunting. I, myself, was captain of my high school marksmanship team. If you have weapons to protect yourself, you have bigger issues than protection.
pretty fucked up, man.
NO MOMMY SAYS NO GIRL IS GOOD ENOUGH
no. people dont use guns to protect themselves. the only people who use guns to "protect themselves" are the ones who shoot first to begin with.
what is the statistical likelihood of that even happening? furthermore, what is the likelihood of that happening while you are home. further still, how many burglers break into a house, while you are home, while armed with a firearm? you will find that it is supremely unlikely the further down the list you go.
the long con
Traditionally, the goddess Columbia was a representation of the country itself and it's people. Uncle Sam was a representation of the federal government and the military.
And what if she leaves?
https://i.redd.it/6h6l95k86vs01.jpg
I AM NOT S-ING AROUND
I wanted to upvote it, because its very good, but i cant encourage tge topics promotion. So, my downvote is for the content, not the talent. Your daugther is very talented
Wow. I expected to be disappointed, but you exceeded the levels of disappointment that I expected to feel. Just...bad.
Which one is which
http://www.artallnighttrenton.org/ yes...art festival. it is an art festival. a festival of art. idiot.
i did, not that i needed to. in fact, i was even more disappointed after the comparison.
i bet youre the guy who screams at any mention of gun control too, huh? hypocrite.
your delusional if you cant distinguish the difference between the two. they are different words for a reason. nationalism is praising your country because its your country. patriotism is upholding its core/founding values, its culture, and its people.
and the whole bathroom clapped
Also, begin your signaling 1 block before your turn, or 5 to 10 full seconds before.
....no. just let the kids stay with the parents. christ.
im fully aware of that. the parents arent dangerous people. stop separating families in foreign nations. youre dense.
a key difference between the the internment camps and these is that the families weren't separated from children. Also, they lived in barracks, not cages with blankets on the floor.
So, how's the eighth grade treating you? Excited for high school next year?
no. you're disgusting.
um...yes.
https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2dz6ew
yeah! im going to go kick down that girl scout table at the super market entrance!
Sure they are. But what about that permit. They still need the permit.
I've never known them to get a permit. Because nobody messes with kids selling cookies or refreshments because most people and police are decent human beings.
its almost like your an expert at excuses for being a shitty human being. lol, buzz off, bro.
No, not someone else's. her own front yard/porch.
Dear Christ, that outfit could be the worst thing I have ever seen.
Resistance: Fall of Man &amp; Fallout: New Vegas
I was a loser up until junior year. In junior year of high school, i blossomed. So when girls started making advances, i was oblivious, i thought they were just being friendly. In response, i was just friendly back. I thought myself to be a completely non-sexual entity, akin to a lamp. A nice lamp. Anyway, eventually theyed get irritated and stop talking to me because i did not reciprocate their advances. Later, I actually got to liking this one girl. She made me aware that i was attractive when she litterally had to tell me and point things out.
surprising that the republican house didnt find anything and gave up so quickly.
and what ultimately happened
You know what, after rewatching and actually watching what the kids are doing, this is pretty uncomfortable. It's pretty disgusting that they are performing like that. Movement and makeup.
In complete total honesty, and playing devil's advocate, if someone was yelling outside my house the same thing over and over again, I would get irritated too. It would mean little to me the race of the individual, because I can't "hear" race. I would only know thier race after getting up to look.
Given the possibility that they were yelling, I definitely would not have gone outside and "pretended" that I was calling the cops, while hiding behind a wall. I would've gone outside, confronted her and been polite. I probably would've gotten an attitude if she responded with an attitude, but I wouldn't have a full blown argument. But most importantly, I would've ended it, gone back inside, AND THEN called the permit office or whatever and not gone back out.
Howed it feel to be passed up on for the other guy?
i wouldve been more collected and polite in your reply. that said, im not saying you are wrong, im just literally saying. And the starbucks thing wwas a different situation all together. there was zero reason for that whatsoever. the cops shouldnt have been involved at all, and im glad they stood thier ground.
i figured it was townhouses, givven shes apparently a ceo of some kind
yes.
https://youtu.be/OYa5aQb3YGE?t=1m15s
YOURE OUT OF THE MOVIE!
similar to the russian/arab gas station attendant who tries to be buddybuddy with you after dealing with a black guy playing his music a little loud.
no it isnht. its basically a subscription fee to use and maintain literally anything we have. schools, roads, security, etcetera.
You accept the terms and conditions upon being born
And FDR was the greatest president we ever had because of it
Except a decent portion of Turnips voter base...
It became a problem when the media made everyone aware of it. Just like the book that exposed the meat industry during the Lincoln presidency. Obvviously nobody is going to care if nobody knows about it. What's important is that we know now, and it needs to stop, and if the president refuses to adreess the problem, he's even worse than those who just perpetuated it.
Of course it's optional. It's a free society. Should you wish to not pay, and your subscription to our subscribed society expires, you must leave the subscribed members areas of our society. You can choose to either leave the country, or go to prison (a place where everything is free to you. Food/clothes/board)
Living in the country is part of the paid service. The only free portions are the prisons. Everything else is paid content. PlayStation plus has stuff you can download and use for free. If your subscription expires, you can't use it anymore. Same concept.
Life is pain, highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something.
"By the way, I love Fonzie"
A lot to learn from the greatest leader in our history
Even if we were paying for it, who cares? A lot of these people lost everything. Why shouldn't they get help? I'd rather my taxes help people than fund the presidents quin-weekly golf vacations.
....and believe he was entitled to belle, blackmail her, and tones of other shit? guy was a monster.
you should be castrated
i agree that posting it publicly kind of ruins it, but i wish i could have every moment of me and my grandfather recorded. i miss him so much. both my grandma and my grandpa.
kind of is
There are 100% Nazi apologists out there. Enough so that it's an issue, and enough so that there is law against it in Germany
"someBODY"
Please, kitty, may I have some more chocolate!
Have you ever drove in Paris? Christ, that's stressful. It's a wierd mash up of left and right side driving. if you want to make a turn, the road to turn on will be on the opposite side of the street then what you would expect. And going around the circle at the arc de triumph? Don't get me stahted.
You thought Paris smelled like a urinal, boy oh boy, have I got a trip for you! Visit: Historic Madrid, Spain!
That's a great dad joke right there. "What do you call a person who speak English and Italian? Bi-linguini" Or something about bisexual italians
Listen, like I said, I can't explain it in words. But it's wrong/wierd, it's not how right side driving typically works. Not typical to how we Americans drive.
You know what, I deleted that part. I was over describing, and that was only adding to the confusion. The important part is the oppositness of turn lane location.
I mean, I was there a couple months ago, but I'll see later maybe. But realistically, I probably won't. I'm just saying, I guess it's something you have to experience yourself.
You understand that mass murder and regular murder are different, right?
I'm suspicious of male panhandling and homeless, but I never trust female panhandling and homeless. There are soooooooooo many resources for the female homeless population that there is no excuse for them to be out there. I mean it's actually pretty unfair.
I assure you that white people kill pretty frequently
Well, the Nigerian imigrants harassing you every 10 feet for the exact same "free bracelet" is kind of detrimental to the experience. But when you go, tell the guy who had to stop and think of his fake name, of which he settled on "Ali Baba" after a few seconds of thinking, that u/HAC522 says "hello." And keep a hand on your pocket so you don't fall victim to thier pick pocket associates who follow you if you reject them.
I was all over the place. Almost everwhere, except the general shopping district, was infested with swindlers. It's a huge problem. The restaurants were great, and my inn keeper was a Italian cartoon stereotype, which was amazing. But literally everywhere had them. Even the parks, of which they would stalk you.
There are absolutely other factors that must be considered. A disproportionate amount of Black's and Latinos live in poverty and disparaged areas, when compared to Caucasians.
im dying!
Pretty sure the guard rail ripped open the huge fuel drum that sit on either side of the cab. The metal on metal surely made enough spark to ignite.
Go nuts!
*oooooooooooooooooooooooh*
A green with the lobster, disagree on the mushrooms. The amount of mushroom should be proportional to the amount of other good it's complementing. For example, one cut piece of chicken marsala on your fork = 1 slice of mushroom to complement
in all honesty, standing at attention is completely acceptable. Edit: obviously, this is a still picture. I didn't know he was fiddling around. But, objectively, my statement remains true. Standing at attention, facing the flag, or facing the directions of the music if a flag is not visible near you, is completely appropriate. I am not a Turnip supporter. I just took this at face value, and didn't know he was fumbling around. Stop downvoting everything that perceptively goes against the hive. Down-vote the legit the_dipshits. Edit 2: I literally just want to know why I'm being down-voted so much. I acknowledged I didn't know he was moving around....
Well I'm not watching a video, I'm looking at a still picture. I didn't know that.
Why
Hand in hand
Body movement, lack of eye contact, arm placement, foot placement, etc. Depends on a lot of factors
Stop killing flies, chopping trees, and eating mushrooms if you think a cluster of cells is the same as a baby. At that point, life is exactly the same as "living" virus cells in the permafrost.
I mean, surely there must be different shades of blue.
Peets
lol
We're you a fan of the East German women's Olympic team?
I should know, a real good friend of mine.
Stupid science bitch couldn't even make my friends more smarter
Tiny Tim
What
You know what, that is a good quote. Can be used in so many snobby situations
"Good God, (insert name), we'd all like to flee to the Cleve and club hop down at the Flats, and have lunch with little Richard....but we fight those urges. Because we have responsibilities." "Oh, no. Crush it! Oh God! Here comes my childhood!" "Chowdah head can't even say the words. You'll never be nothin'!" "She insists on traveling on Pearl Harbor day to, and I quote, 'show the emperor were not afraid.'" If I say something demandingly, and I feel it's a little too harsh, I'll add "Jack Donaghy (or my name) - Verbal Signature." "Well, (insert name), won't you tell the Gipper your sexual story? Mommy?"
"What am I gonna do? I just bet, and lost, the deed to my clubhouse. My girlfriend in Canada is going to leave me."
Did they ever get that Ikea?
Here they come! Wooden soldiers on parade.
I hope that hug conveyed how enraged I am, Jack
Cajun style.
I know you are, but what am i? Rhetorical question, Farley. The solution.
Maybe because Gilligan is the captains first mate/first officer on the Minow, which would equal Second in command?
I got off work and went to a party right after. Hours later, I couldn't find my keys and decided to call my dad to have him pick me up. I walked to the nearby church and sat on the steps to wait for him. My wallet must have fallen out of my pocket. 400 bucks in the wallet. Someone stole the cash out of it, and gave the empty wallet to the priest. What kind of oxy-Goddamn-moron is that? Go to church to learn about how not to sin, and you literally steal. Bull shit dude. Sure, I would be upset if I lost my wallet, someone stole the cash, and then dropped the wallet in the mail box. But its 100% infuriating to me that someone went to church, picked up the wallet, sat through the service, stole the cash, and then handed the wallet to the priest. Absolutely bullshit.
Can you believe that the_dipshit used to be satire?
Well, there are a few instances
Umm, he planned on slaughtering the majority of slavs, and only saving precisely as many as needed to serve as an effective slave work force. No surplus.
Yim Yum
his edits are golden. instant sub. laughed hard
Pay the court a fine or serve your sentence!
So supple and moist
Definitely not. They just took joy in the alternative of the norm.
Shut up. He knows.
(hannible lector noises)
Actually looks nice without the idiot belt
Make america great again, amirite? We want to go back to then!
I wish everyday that FDR didn't die at the start of his 4th term. I imagine things would've been soooo different.
Mostly military.
And blessings unto you as well, my brother/sister in taxes.
He doesn't care. None of them do. He, and all his fellow the_dipshits are literally the Simpsons Skinner meme. "Am I out of touch. No. It's literally the entire rest of the world and the majority of my own country that are wrong."
Brain surgeon. Number 1. Steady hand.
Is this a reference? It sounds funny.
I not complaining, but why? It seems so anti-him, especially as of late.
So only about 30% voted for acceptable candidates. (not turnip, not cruz)
the presidency is supposed to be a national accountant, basically. a ceo is not an accountant.
Rest in Peace Edit: FYI, he died. Recently.
What fun is it to just catch them? You want to put all the stages of regret, dread, self loathing, shock, and hopelessness into them in a 3 second time frame.
Here, here!
Not that I disagree, but where the hell do you live? Youre talking about the U.S. as though you don't live here, and yet you use "y'all."
Please. I tried to get spare parts for the Stockholm dining chair. 6 months later, they still can't find it.
you ever play monopoly? If you land on someones space, where you need to pay rent, and they dont notice, dont say anything. its in the rule book. capitalism.
that bathroom is life
that first guy is totally wearing womens shoes. look at the height of that heel lol
HE IS THE MACHIIIIIINE!
The 3x is the ideal multi-purpose scope.
both. one half of an hour. half an hour/one half hour. half hour.
hes gunna be good for the rest of the night. get the drinking done in one shot.
He's a string cheese with a tooth stuck in it
I'LLLLL GET YOUR CREST YET, BIRD-MAN!
Found the repub
r/asablackman
Communism is a good idea, but that is all it will ever be. An idea in political philosophy. It goes beyond just economics, and in all actuallity, the economics portion is probably the most feasable of the entire philosophy. The reason being is that communism is a utopian idea, and Utopia, by definition, is impossible to achieve. Modern China, as well as the former Soviet Union, are not communist. They will forever be in communisms transitional stage of "dictatorship of the proletariat." The reason why it is impossible, and why China will never transition to the final/completion stage, is because communism demands that there be no national borders, no military, no police, no governments, no nations. Communism demands that the entire world, every single person alive, jointly walk into communism together. Furthermore, their cannot be any criminals, murderers, mentally disabled/handicapped, etcetera. Things that people simply cannot control. In the hypothetical scenario that communism was actually achieved, it would cease to exist the very next moment. It would cease to exist if a mentally challenged baby was born. It would cease to exist if someone became disabled in an accident. It would cease to exist in if we met an alien civilization that wasn't identical in the communist philosophy and instantly start meshing with ours. Socialism, on the other hand, is much more broad possible, and far more reasonable.
Great argument.
In fairness, without researching anything and purely speculating, I imagine that there was another reason. It was a pavillion. Most of those structures, like those created at the world fairs, are designed to be super grandoise, but also very temporary. In short, I imagine that it may have been crumbling for surviving way longer than what it was actually designed to last. 44 years, and traveling halfway across the globe, it did pretty well for itself.
Great supporting argument.
I mean, okay. I wasn't trying to stop you.
You can't argue the philosophical fact of Utopia.
Well that is completely counter to one of the essential social Tennant's of the communist philosophy. Are you sure you are a communist?
A continually masterful supporting argument and defense of position. Bravo
Because your previous statement literally invalidates you from that subscription....thats why i ask.
A teacher usually has the capacity to explain why its wrong in detail. But that is okay, don't strain yourself.
Political philosophy. Not history. And i never suggested that. I stated that communism is impossible, and socialism is. Never did i say that Communism is not socialism pushed to the furthest (and unreachable) left possible.
I'm sorry, youre right. I forgot when Plato's allegory of the cave actually happened..... No. There is a difference between history and philosophy. And, Oh good god, its a phrase. You are being ridiculous.
Hold on just one second.... You tellin' me that I could to a restaurant, and signal for a plate o' spaghett with this gesture?
Bout to get sued by McDonald's for copyright infringement. Stealing Grimace's likeness
Someoneone also remind them that Christianity itself is an incompatible concept. The Nazi's only accepted "religion," positive Christianity, was only Christianity in name.
They are literal stones/jewels, but they have some sort of capability to project a kind of physical hologram (like the E.M.H. in Star trek: Voyager I guess) to be actual entities. Also, they are all female presenting. So, the community percieves them as all "gay." That said, I think the show is actually really entertaining when they really start launching the story.
It's not. You are just an incel piece of garbagio
I've seen this a hundred times, and it's beautiful each time. The love. So wonderful.
This thing looks like its straight out of a 2002 college american-pie like movie.
Hoopadoop
PUT APP ON PHONEcorn
Bruiser
Nobody even says that anymore. Go back to your 10 year old recycled frog memes.
It was witty at the time, but now it's old. And idk about you, but I didn't have a moment like that, so maybe stop projecting.
Poland didnt exist, again, during this period.
The Sviator with Leo DiCaprio has a brilliant representation of the art deco period, and party's of the period. Brilliantly done, and might be my all time favorite movie
Who thinks this? Nobody thinks this.
That's totally not 80mph. And he totally weighs more than 300lbs. At least 350. At the very least.
I don't care one way or the other, because I don't know Reddit people, but why? Did he do something bad?
I'm not contesting that, but just look at his speed relative to the stationary slide at the point he launches off. There is no way that he is going 80.
Okay. Except no. And im not going to entertain your trolling. Pathetic.
Or Voyager 2: Here we go again
You clearly havent watched star trek
You mean yours hangs out in the bathroom WITHOUT making a role of toilet paper into confetti?
Didn't they tell you, Colonel? That's what the Mobile Infantry is good for.
That poor boy deserved a promotion every friggin season. They even demoted and repromoted Paris, and Kim brought it up how he never gets anything!
Sexism is discrimination based on biological assigned sex. Racism is discrimination based on race. It's a specifier. Just as how gender is a social construct, the definition of a word, regardless of it's true definition, can also be manipulated by society. Both points about racism are simultaneously correct and false.
I think it's probably dead center.
Or, no, the straight pride flag is usually red, with a white circle, and this bendy cross thing in the middle of the white circle. In some regions, it's also red, but has a blue stripes, and then stars in the blue stripes.
Cancer research hospital for children whos families do not have the means to pay for treatment.
Or, you know, general prescription renewals.
No, that's the Soviet philosophy. In communism, after the world walks into communism together, the state, the police, the military, etc, all cease to exist.
almost better that way
i reallllllllllly want to know what he said
"jan 2021" the joke i made was that "2021" was the last name.....
Irony would require that I stated something that is obliviously equatable to what I said to you. Like if I accused you of having a palate of a 6 year old, but then revealed that I only eat chicken nuggets and hamburgers. Chicago is not unique in this. There are dozens of similar varieties. For example, an Italian hot dog. Popular in the North East. And a hot dog is totally a kind of sandwich. A "main event" substance between bread.
Yes, Toby, it is socially un-acceptable to wear capes in your cheeto stained t-shirt and jorts. However, should you find yourself wearing white-tie to a state dinner, by all means, go ahead.
Yes, Toby, it is socially un-acceptable to wear capes/cloak's in your cheeto stained t-shirt and jorts. However, should you find yourself wearing white-tie to a state dinner, by all means, go ahead.
no, it is un-acceptable because it infringes on another persons liberty to not be disgusted.
See the camaro should have been the only dick in this situation, but the truck in the passing lane decided to be a douche and block up the whole road. The golden rule: keep right, except to pass.
Not at all, my good chum.
Holy shit, really?! I see the resemblance but for real?
then why did you follow up with "you couldn't tell I was talking about prostitution?" Because that was implying that you considered prostitution to be the legal alternative.
Where are the tail-lights? lol
Venezuela is a perversion of socialism, just as the U.S.S.R. was a perversion of Communism.
Scandinavia. The entire European Union. Japan.
Thats the central theme of socialization though... Government assistance for better standards of living.
Well, officer candidates. College years. Naval academy.
and a beard
We haven't called it global warming for years. For precisely this reason
Facial hair that is not a mustache or sideburns. Yes. It is a beard.
Supply and demand. There is virtually zero demand for a average/small sized house made even smaller by filling half of its usable space with a massive instrument that very few can play. The organ is, therefor, considered a hard to sell flaw/detrement. Reducing its value. I can spend a million bucks on William Shatners used deluxe japanese bidet and install it in my house. That does not mean that my house adds a million dollars to its value.
https://youtu.be/8W3NERMKIBM?t=125
Then why are triggered, you fat friggin choosey hobo?
Hell of a schnoz.
No, it's correct. Your description is also correct. Both are facial hair other than a mustache or side burns. It's a beard.
Good god, the man is wearing navy blue slacks with a black jacket. And that friggen tie, Jesus H. Christ.
The military decided a few years ago, after the failure of the air forces tigerstripe, the army's acu, and the Navy blueberries, that they were going to stop making overly unique camo uniforms.
What the fuck is wrong with you? The only legit idiot in this is you (also, the inconsiderate minivan in the 3rd clip)
Because it's not just Skyrim, it's the full span of the series at large
I need to find Pepe Septim!
Why do you feel that?
In fairness, so was New York. We wouldn't have the Chrysler building or Rockefeller center without the figurative dick measuring contests that the super rich would have with each other.
Fred Willard had like 5 minutes of screen time.
I don't understand what people hate about the show. It's got wit, it's fairly intelligent, it clever in how it deals with how it attempts to Munich the current political landscape, and I love how the entire direction of basically every action he takes is dictated by the micromanaging of the un-present president via text/twitter.
Your telling me that watching Fred Willard shake uncontrollably and be a rambling old person on a telephone was funny to you? One of those 2 things was NOT an acting choice. It was sad. It was nice to see him, but on the same coin Jesus Christ no it wasnt.
They are representative of thier rank. Both are flag officers but the more stars, the higher up the food chain you are. 1 star - brigadier general 2 star - Major general 3 star - lieutenant general 4 star - general
Consensus on $UAVS?
https://youtu.be/KRBS5WZMdik 🐂🐂🐂💸💸💸
Whoops, yup. That is accurate.
Impossible, dude. Vaccines take basically a MINIMUM of 12 months. Work really started around February, I'd say. Other commenters are right. At least another 8 months.
I bought 200 Warrants at $6. Just tell me, doc, did I shit the bed? Im too retarded to pick up what your laying down.
Alright, alright, thats good to hear, i suppose. I'm totally new to the whole concept of warrants and options and im still confused with many aspects. So why is the cashless basis better? Because it seems like we would be loosing roughly 1/3 of the shares we purchased the right to buy. Also, because its been over $18 since 11 May, 2020, Does that mean that we will be forced to exercise 30 days after the merger? Rather than the 2023 warrant expiration?
Rate the fit
I reee therefore I am
honestly the perfect pet. playful like a dog, but independent like a cat. best of both worlds
wat
I had a craving for garlic bread a few weeks ago, but all I had was white bread, minced garlic, and mozeralla string cheese. It can out pretty tight. Particularlly so when I remembered that I had some leftover prago in the fridge.
No thank you please
Tough tie between CC and Nancy, but I would think Nancy, as it dates back to his childhood.
United States Code Title 4 Chapter 1. § 8. Respect for flag: The flag should never have placed upon it, nor on any part of it, nor attached to it any mark, insignia, letter, word, figure, design, picture, or drawing **of any nature.**
United States Code Title 4 Chapter 1. § 8. Respect for flag: D. The flag should never be used as wearing apparel, bedding, or drapery. It should never be festooned, drawn back, nor up, in folds, but always allowed to fall free. Bunting of blue, white, and red, always arranged with the blue above, the white in the middle, and the red below, should be used for covering a speaker's desk, draping the front of the platform, and for decoration in general. G. The flag should never have placed upon it, nor on any part of it, nor attached to it any mark, insignia, letter, word, figure, design, picture, or drawing of any nature. I. The flag should never be used for advertising purposes in any manner whatsoever. It should not be embroidered on such articles as cushions or handkerchiefs and the like, printed or otherwise impressed on paper napkins or boxes or anything that is designed for temporary use and discard. Advertising signs should not be fastened to a staff or halyard from which the flag is flown.
United States Code Title 4 Chapter 1. § 8. Respect for flag: The flag should never have placed upon it, nor on any part of it, nor attached to it any mark, insignia, letter, word, figure, design, picture, or drawing **of any nature.**
United States Code Title 4 Chapter 1. § 8. Respect for flag: The flag should never have placed upon it, nor on any part of it, nor attached to it any mark, insignia, letter, word, figure, design, picture, or drawing **of any nature.**
United States Code Title 4 Chapter 1. § 8. Respect for flag: D. The flag should never be used as wearing apparel, bedding, or drapery. It should never be festooned, drawn back, nor up, in folds, but always allowed to fall free. Bunting of blue, white, and red, always arranged with the blue above, the white in the middle, and the red below, should be used for covering a speaker's desk, draping the front of the platform, and for decoration in general. G. The flag should never have placed upon it, nor on any part of it, nor attached to it any mark, insignia, letter, word, figure, design, picture, or drawing of any nature. I. The flag should never be used for advertising purposes in any manner whatsoever. It should not be embroidered on such articles as cushions or handkerchiefs and the like, printed or otherwise impressed on paper napkins or boxes or anything that is designed for temporary use and discard. Advertising signs should not be fastened to a staff or halyard from which the flag is flown.
United States Code Title 4 Chapter 1. § 8. Respect for flag: D. The flag should never be used as wearing apparel, bedding, or drapery. It should never be festooned, drawn back, nor up, in folds, but always allowed to fall free. Bunting of blue, white, and red, always arranged with the blue above, the white in the middle, and the red below, should be used for covering a speaker's desk, draping the front of the platform, and for decoration in general. G. The flag should never have placed upon it, nor on any part of it, nor attached to it any mark, insignia, letter, word, figure, design, picture, or drawing of any nature. I. The flag should never be used for advertising purposes in any manner whatsoever. It should not be embroidered on such articles as cushions or handkerchiefs and the like, printed or otherwise impressed on paper napkins or boxes or anything that is designed for temporary use and discard. Advertising signs should not be fastened to a staff or halyard from which the flag is flown.
United States Code Title 4 Chapter 1. § 8. Respect for flag: D. The flag should never be used as wearing apparel, bedding, or drapery. It should never be festooned, drawn back, nor up, in folds, but always allowed to fall free. Bunting of blue, white, and red, always arranged with the blue above, the white in the middle, and the red below, should be used for covering a speaker's desk, draping the front of the platform, and for decoration in general. G. The flag should never have placed upon it, nor on any part of it, nor attached to it any mark, insignia, letter, word, figure, design, picture, or drawing of any nature. I. The flag should never be used for advertising purposes in any manner whatsoever. It should not be embroidered on such articles as cushions or handkerchiefs and the like, printed or otherwise impressed on paper napkins or boxes or anything that is designed for temporary use and discard. Advertising signs should not be fastened to a staff or halyard from which the flag is flown.
United States Code Title 4 Chapter 1. § 8. Respect for flag: D. The flag should never be used as wearing apparel, bedding, or drapery. It should never be festooned, drawn back, nor up, in folds, but always allowed to fall free. Bunting of blue, white, and red, always arranged with the blue above, the white in the middle, and the red below, should be used for covering a speaker's desk, draping the front of the platform, and for decoration in general. G. The flag should never have placed upon it, nor on any part of it, nor attached to it any mark, insignia, letter, word, figure, design, picture, or drawing of any nature. I. The flag should never be used for advertising purposes in any manner whatsoever. It should not be embroidered on such articles as cushions or handkerchiefs and the like, printed or otherwise impressed on paper napkins or boxes or anything that is designed for temporary use and discard. Advertising signs should not be fastened to a staff or halyard from which the flag is flown.
United States Code Title 4 Chapter 1. § 8. Respect for flag: D. The flag should never be used as wearing apparel, bedding, or drapery. It should never be festooned, drawn back, nor up, in folds, but always allowed to fall free. Bunting of blue, white, and red, always arranged with the blue above, the white in the middle, and the red below, should be used for covering a speaker's desk, draping the front of the platform, and for decoration in general. G. The flag should never have placed upon it, nor on any part of it, nor attached to it any mark, insignia, letter, word, figure, design, picture, or drawing of any nature. I. The flag should never be used for advertising purposes in any manner whatsoever. It should not be embroidered on such articles as cushions or handkerchiefs and the like, printed or otherwise impressed on paper napkins or boxes or anything that is designed for temporary use and discard. Advertising signs should not be fastened to a staff or halyard from which the flag is flown.
United States Code Title 4 Chapter 1. § 8. Respect for flag: D. The flag should never be used as wearing apparel, bedding, or drapery. It should never be festooned, drawn back, nor up, in folds, but always allowed to fall free. Bunting of blue, white, and red, always arranged with the blue above, the white in the middle, and the red below, should be used for covering a speaker's desk, draping the front of the platform, and for decoration in general. G. The flag should never have placed upon it, nor on any part of it, nor attached to it any mark, insignia, letter, word, figure, design, picture, or drawing of any nature. I. The flag should never be used for advertising purposes in any manner whatsoever. It should not be embroidered on such articles as cushions or handkerchiefs and the like, printed or otherwise impressed on paper napkins or boxes or anything that is designed for temporary use and discard. Advertising signs should not be fastened to a staff or halyard from which the flag is flown.
"**of any nature**"
I hate how most people just stand on it. It's not meant to take away the work of walking. It's meant to give you the speed of running with it the effort of walking. Same thing with the escalator. Walk up the stairs twice as fast.
As one does as a literal general in charge of literally several Marine Corps commands.... I mean, people die on the battlefield. It's not possible to avoid. As your command is relayed down the chain of the command, somewhere somebody's marine is going to die because of that command if they are being sent out into hostile territory. The goal is to minimize the number of deaths.
Jesus Christ I am just so sorry that this who ordeal happened to you. Oh my God.
He's the living personification of middle school edgyness. If I recall correctly, that was his prime audience when he first started his rise in popularity. This is the trend our "culture" is and has been following. Worse will come, believe it or not.
10/10
I find it incredible how those hardcore orthodox jewish in brooklyn and lakewood didnt catch more flak for their total disregard for the virus laws.
Dawn dish soap.
Perogie is already plural. You have one perog, and many perogie.
The Aviator and Interstellar
What does she have, an associates? Because she has no concept of subtlety.
It's over 70 now. Jesus
Bought 200 warrants at $6 a piece, and 10 shares of the ordinary stock at 33.69 just so i could be lazy and monitor both price points simultaneously. Today was one huge holy hot dog. I would probably bet that it will crash to around half of what its currently trading (45/50) in the very near term, but im holding every cent regardless. This will be worth a ton in the future if it can even scratch the surface of tesla.
Well you do know what they say about market bears, dont you?
i read awhile ago that the Philippines has a problem with "smart-shaming" or something. Apparently there is a culture of shaming a person for speaking correctly or using large words. Have no idea if that is true, but maybe this is motivated by that?
god save your soul
[oh thats a keeper](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACf8n6CBJsE)
Are you proud of what you've accomplished here?
!spin
Christ youre such a troll, dude. Did you even bother to read the rest of his history? Because literally everything else aside from the golf club seems to be fairly in line with the current position.
Are your school a teach grammar?
Well thanks for making me feel bad.
I can understand where you're coming from. Im sorry that you have to go through that. The fact of the matter is that you can fluently communicate in at least 2 languages, whereas I can only speak one. So, bravo to you, and I genuinely apologise. And as a sincere non sarcastic suggestion: "Gramma" is a shorthand for "grandmother." GrammaR is concerning words.
Here on reddit, Im fairly certain I saw a group of people who believe paedophilia should be legalized. I'll refer them to your house when/if you have children, so you can have a nice little ol' debate with them. Should you come to the conclusion that you cannot agree, well, at least it was a mutual decision of disagreement. Should you continuously see them following your children, im sure they are just looking out for your kids because they just respect you oh so much.
!spin
RemindMe! 3 hours
This is actually pretty clever. Bravo.
That was descriptive, factual, and explained quite well. Bravo to you.
I think it looks a ton like what would become the thunderbird 2001-2005
What was her reasoning?
If that happens I think your supposed to report that to the mods there, right?
Can confirm, am grammys illegitimate grammyson.
"I want $300 for this $100 card." Who's the unreasonable one? Rhetorical question, Farley. It's you.
Ya fackin' retahd !!
They didn't loose thier son so this guy could live. The son died unexpectedly. His heart, still a viable organ despite the overdose, allowed this man to live. A piece of thier son lives on in this man. It's a connection. You sound like a such a selfish and egocentric douche, dude.
They probably listened to it on the ultrasound while the mother was with child. They no doubt remember that experience. But it doesn't need to be the same exact heart beat, it's the feeling of connection and continuation. That a piece of thier child lives on and gives life.
Jesus Christ, it's the experience. Every parent remembers the first moment they heard thier kids heart beat. It doesn't matter if it's the same pace. It's cut into thier memory. Hearing thier kids heart beat continue, dispite the loss of thier sons body, will give them peace and a sense that they live on in the body of another. My God, how can you be so obtuse. Take a psych or philosophy class and learn how other people experience things and how experiences can have emotional connotations.
marklin?
I thought I recognized the track. I got a few, and I inherited a ton from my grandfather. it's all up in the attic. some day I'll have a place large enough to make a layout again.
I'm just happy I bought 200 NKLAW at $6 a piece.
Cant a person just tell thier broker to exercise on margin, then to sell enough shares to cover the amount of margin used with the resulting cash? That's what i intended on doing, anyway. I bought 200W at $6 a piece. So if I used my account as an example: 11.50 x 200 = 2300 borrowed on margin. Hypothetically, if the share price at the time of exercise is $65, I would just need to just sell roughly 36 shares to cover the borrowed amount. At then end of the day, I'm left with about 164 shares. The higher the stock price, the less shares need to be sold for the cover. If my plan is wrong, please tell me lol.
Youre a good man, a better man if you include me in that, but a good man nonetheless. Lol Thanks for the information you posted a couple weeks ago btw. I only put in what I could, 500W at $1.85, but I doubled what I got. You were right! I'd follow your DD to hell.
Yeah, but that doesnt seem to account for a long hold. The warrants need to be sold or exercised, lest they expire. Sure, I could sell it all in a week and a half, but i want to hold on to the stuff for a few years.
I would figure that the point is this: I bought a warrant for $6. 6 + 11.50 = 17.50. Todays stock price closed at $75. If i were to redeem a warrant for a proper share, I would make $57.50 in profit. Thats the point.
Dude, unless I'm missing some pretty big point, that isn't right. If I bought the warrant NOW I wouldn't say it's worth to exercise. For 11.50 more each (a total of 17.50 considering my original purchase price) I will have purchased a $74 dollar stock. 200 shares at 74 bucks is valued at 14.8K. My 200 warrants is currently worth just 7.6K. Almost double the cash for a fraction of the price.
You are either 12 years old or a 28 year old incel
Have you never met your fellow 12 year olds?
Do I like it as much as the original. No. Am I supremely impressed with how they nailed the style? Yes.
