Specifically the General Hugs scene.
True; but, I could believe Hux would take time to gloat. His defining moment was making a giant speech. The real issue I think is that Star Wars humor is usually in asides or quips ("Boring conversation anyway!") or in very quick set-up/payoffs ("Let the wookie win."), and whole bits like this undermine the tension we should feel in the scene.
Finn was the best part of The Force Awakens, and I was actually really excited for where things would go. I was fine with a safe, soft movie like TFA to win everyone back after the Prequels (which is a totally different issue.)
I don't normally read tell all books about things like political campaigns, TV shows or movies... but the apparent utter unity of the cast against the creative direction of the movies has my interest.
Finn was (for the movies at least) the most unique of the new characters in The Force Awakens.
Oh, I meant show up at the store in person and just hand it over.
Stressing to stay focused is important. You need to project that this is a business meeting about a problem, not a general whine session.
Is there a place for you back there? If they've already replaced you, you may not be able to go back.
" I don’t know what I’m supposed to say when asked this question because I was never even given the opportunity to go above and beyond for anyone. " &amp;#x200B; \-- Something like: "I primarily did not work directly with customers in previous positions, but if given the opportunity to excel, I believe my skills would translate in X, Y and Z ways."
&gt;Except their character writing..... was flat as a set of salt plains. That's kind of what I expected from this sort of movie though. The characters are fairly one-dimensional. It delivered on the style that the genre it was trying to be; sort of like The Dirty Dozen, in Space. I think Rogue One is a fun film, but it isn't great cinema.
It strikes me that being free of mythology/constraints and being able to just do things with freedom is probably more what he wants to do. Which is something good for a creative person to learn; certain structures work better for some than others.
First, I'd find out if the boss made a mistake (it happens!) or if it was intentional. If it was a mistake, it is much easier to argue to stay there. If it was intentional, start your exit strategy.
"I moved the car a couple minutes AFTER the posted 7AM time." // "Should I contest the ticket saying the officer preemptively issued the ticket at 6:53AM, however I arrived on the scene and moved my car prior to the 7AM designated Rush Hour period?" \-- How would you feel if a police officer wrote a ticket and claimed it was actually issued at 7:05? You could try and claim the ticket was before 7:00, and it is invalid. Then, you just hope you don't get asked if you moved it in time. They may never bother to ask, so you may be able to get out of the ticket. If you do get asked, I suppose, technically, you could plead the Fifth. But, no. You shouldn't lie about it.
I would ask them to explain what your duties are going to be, along with making sure you are both using "Basic" the same way.
Safety is a legitimate reason to quit on the spot without giving a notice.
In today's connected world, if someone is "hard to reach," you have to ask if they WANT to be reached. I feel pretty confident that the people the Pentagon officials needed to talk to had no trouble reaching them.
Not getting Congressional approval is a bipartisan norm for decades. Congress routinely cedes this power because, by and large, Congress wants as little accountability for themselves as possible.
Well, the email came out for us around 11:30, and said everyone should be released 4 hours early departure, no later than 1:00, which basically meant there'd have been two 'waves,' at 12:00 and 1:00, but since we got the email so close to 12:00, people either left right away, but many stayed until 1:00 to finish things before leaving anyway.
Taking the time to explain something up front is often better than an employee saying "Yeah, yeah, get to the point, I got it," only to find out they did not. If he was asking questions and changing the wording, you had an opportunity to ask WHY he was doing it. Instead of assuming he's doing things for no logical reason, assume that he is a rational human being acting in a rational way.
So, have you thought to ask why he is giving you additional scrutiny? Have you made any mistakes lately? I mean, he came to you for help writing a better email and didn't get the help he needed, so I can see why he might want to double check your ability to inventory boxes. Both of those are relatively simple tasks, that for some reason, he doesn't seem to trust you on. You had 15 minutes with your boss and couldn't even help him with a simple task; there's communication problems on both ends of this. Again: Take a step back and try and find out the \*reason for his actions.\*
Re-address it with HR.
&gt;Judging by the post he seems like a complete douche who has no idea how to act in an important situation where his fate is up to other people. Didn't you read? He's been in life or death situations before.
Well, the enemy's gate is down.
" I took a picture of the “backroom” and posted it on social media with a caption that they (corporate) didn’t like. (Its a long story on how they found out it was me. And there’s a lot of inside information that would take way to long to explain.) " \-- Definitely a no-no. What was the caption? If it was anything even remotely negative sounding, you might be fired. Especially if it was a ding on safety or cleanliness.
" I don’t understand whatsoever why marijuana isn’t treated the same as alcohol, in the sense that as long as you’re sober when working, you’re in the clear. " &amp;#x200B; \-- Because at the federal level, it is illegal. Agree or disagree with that decision, that's why. The first thing I'd do before going into copywriting/editing, is take a good, long look at what you just wrote and put a better foot forward. "Encase" is a big enough error that I would not hire you for a job. In addition -- most of what you said you don't want to do or can't do, or you won't do due to drug testing, pretty much rules out most non-gig economy things I can think of. And even then, you might say those are commission-based. Get a better idea of what you're willing to do, because right now, you've ruled out nearly everything.
Because you should: A) have contacts; B) done an internship to have experience; C) are willing to work entry-level jobs.
It's not a meaningless question. It is asking you to make a value trade-off. Your answer was to ignore the problem presented to you and say "this problem would never come up." The people interviewing you should have wanted (or at least pretended to want) to be there, but this is a fair enough question mattering on how often this problem crops up (which in anything deadline related, it does frequently.)
"Ideally, good program management would prevent this choice. But, if I have to choose, I choose X because Y, while taking Z actions to minimize the problems generated from having to choose X."
Stop assuming the worst out of people based on your limited interactions.
I think that when people Brawl in a casual, relaxed, fun way -- it is a great format. Unfortunately, it doesn't take long for it devolve into the same aggro deck/5-color good stuff decks that form a fairly stagnant meta. Commander has the same problem: The more competitive it gets, the less variety you get, which directly cuts into \*why\* I want to play formats like Commander and Brawl. Competitive Brawl is still fun and entertaining, but it isn't what a lot of people want when they sit down to play the format. I like it because it, in theory, should be unique decks doing interesting tricks that aren't viable in Standard for a variety of reasons, while showing off commanders that you normally don't get see. In practice, it rarely is that.
Are you willing to walk away? Like, if you put in your two weeks, and they say, "K," are you in a position that you can have a job lined up in two weeks or last until you do? Likewise, if they see what you're doing for what it is: Attempting a power move to negotiate against them, and instead say, "Nah, we don't need you for two weeks," and let you go, are you in a place for that to happen?
The only case it wouldn't be is if the job was advertised as needing to be filled quickly (like for some contract positions), but in that case, the people applying would know up front that the start date was ASAP.
Is the OK symbol also appropriated?
In that case, are the expectations for experience unreasonably high?
So, is "OK Boomer," white supremacist now?
Personality traits are NOT soft skills. You can be surly, but know how to work on a team. You can be generous and honest, but be unable to not offend people. Soft skills are also known as people skills. Things like teamwork, being able to manage/take orders well and professionalism are examples of soft skills.
A year is long enough that you shouldn't be leaving on bad terms -- especially for a new graduate.
Sounds like two honest mistakes, that if they are your first, shouldn't be cause for alarm. They were honest mistakes; own them, and hope the new hire comes on board so you can move on to better things.
As soon as you know you're moving there, and include in your cover letter to where you apply estimated availability dates.
The contract is written. Negotiate now.
Matters on the organization. Larger organizations with a more dedicated HR team are probably more likely to hold on to stuff.
"I tried looking for this position I applied for on Indeed and I couldn't find it." \-- Going with scam.
This sounds like an excellent question for your doctor or, if you trust them enough, your company's HR.
Meeting and speaking are fairly synonymous in my mind; the "I looking for" is a bigger mistake, if that was in the email.
It's not criminal if the ~~President~~ Congress does it.
Wait, actual gold not just shiny gold-looking?
To the Dungeon!
Her eyes are up here. But yes. It looks like a cow.
Time is money friend.
I think if the value between junk and the best were lower, you'd see less re-rolling. The problem is that the designers incentivize re-rolling, whether they mean to or not, with the huge power differences. I think, if I made a game, rarity would deal with something other than raw power. For example, someone like Fang who is generally useful and you can almost always justify until maybe endgame, deserves to be a low rarity, while someone like Rangers who is a silver bullet against flying units might not deserve to be low rarity because you don't want him all the time -- but when he shines, he shines (of course, this assumes a stat normalization too.) But, that's also a 5 minute think on it, so that may not work. Endgame is also a problem, as people don't like using resources on units that you eventually bench.
I never will understand why the writers thought: "We've got three charismatic actors with great chemistry. Let's put them in as few scenes together as possible."
Is this before we also compare budgets? Because that makes the Joker even a bigger winner.
My apartment is Moogle themed... and the floor has an army of stuffed animals.
Rose was a concept that was poorly executed; Jar Jar was a cartoon character that didn't really fit. Like, I think Lucas got \*exactly\* what he wanted out of the creation of Jar Jar for the prequels, whereas I think TLJ screwed up implementing Rose. Honestly, I think we should have had Poe die in TFA and instead of having it be some random woman who was Rose's sister, make Poe related to her, to give her and Finn some stronger connection. Just, something. She's probably STILL worse, but I think that she didn't necessarily HAVE to be.
Let me tell you about this guy Palpatine...
The Stuff is actually on the movie listings in one view of the theater.
"Next destination: Dunn-Loring. While you're there, stop at Harris-Teeter."
Apply now, have a clear start date mentioned in your cover letter and state that you will be out of the area until mid-April, and do not apply for jobs that say they need to be filled immediately.
First: How do you know they have the same qualifications as you? You could know that by asking them (fine) or someone telling you (not fine). Either way, 'Billy got it, so should I,' is not winning you a raise. Especially because if someone else told you, \*they could be wrong.\* I would not focus on it being 'unfair.' Focus on that you've increased your value to the company. Say that now that you have your license and are taking on more responsibilities, you'd like to schedule a time to talk about a raise/promotion, mattering on how your position is structured (something this big, i.e., going client-facing, is usually in my mind a different position entirely, but, it may not be where you are.) This should be about you -- and what you now bring to the company. What Billy the Other Guy in The Other Place should not enter into the discussion at all.
Always, with any professional communication, your email/phone call relating to a delay should end with, "Thank you for the update; when would be the best time to follow-up?" Then, follow up in the afternoon of that day or the day after.
Oh, also: Definitely make sure to schedule a time and let your boss know what it is about. This isn't a conversation for a "hey, before I leave for the day," or a "if you've got a minute."
I agree; you dance with the one that brung you.
"Suggest to me to volunteer again instead of hiring me and I will snap. " Many of the non-profits probably can't afford you. Volunteering with them will get you legal experience on your resume, putting you a leg up on everyone else who doesn't have it. Yeah, it's not great to make that pitch to someone interviewing, but, if you can find a cause you believe in that needs a volunteer, it might be a good idea and help you remember why you went through all this trouble in the first place.
This would be an excellent time to network. Ask the people who you work with who did it about it.
Health is always a reason to ignore certain social niceties, like a two-week notice. An anxiety disorder I would consider a valid reason. If it is not an actual disorder and you just mean you feel somewhat anxious, nervous or frustrated, give the two weeks. It'll suck, but you'll be able to use them as a reference with confidence.
Different companies do things in a different order; if the second interview is a sort of pro forma interview with your boss's boss or other leadership prior to a job offer, they wanted their ducks in a row so they didn't introduce you to the big guy, do the background references, and find out you light buildings on fire or something. It could also just be their hiring SOP says "do references at Step X," so it doesn't necessarily mean anything.
Most likely, yes. I don't recommend lying though, because if they find out, that's worse. Just tell the truth.
Like most of the tasks you'll probably be asked to do during the day!
If you like her, then use her. People aren't going to offer to be references just to sabotage you, and honestly, they're going to ask you too why you left your last job anyway, so there's no hiding it. Having your last employer still say nice things about you (or even neutral things) is a good thing.
Technically, she has a job, so she is making money.
Anyone at a location should know if they're hiring.
You should just leave. One of your co-workers is talking like a cartoon villain, and the rest are engaging in a shadowy conspiracy of retaliation against you. This is not a healthy environment to continue in.
Eh, probably the opposite. They've got dozens of qualified people. And if the others can \*remember what day and time to show up\*, one of the two major requirements for an entry level service job (show up on time and sober), they're way above someone who forgets the interview. I'd confirm the date of the interview and start keeping a calendar. It'll be needed to keep track of shift schedules anyway, might as well start now.
"They did give a reason during the meeting, but it was very ‘buzzwordy’ and polite, and I’d like a straightforward answer since it apparently was not performance related." \-- You probably won't get anything else if it wasn't performance related. Sorry. But, since it wasn't performance related, you were laid off, not fired, which is good. It makes this not a giant problem for finding your next job. What did they say was the reason (bad culture fit usually means, by the way, that for whatever reason, you're not getting along with people --did they say more than that)? Because, have you thought... to just assume they're telling the truth?
I give \[\[Savannah Lions\]\] the side eye.
It isn't a pointless question. If Bob wants the job because he needs food, and Jane wants the job because our corporate philosophy matches her own and she finds the volunteer options we brag about on our Community page interesting, all else being equal, Jane's getting the job.
"I wrote an internal note to this person stating this and note verbatim was "pardon me; I don't think repeatedly asking the customer to send the same information is very productive." The note was visible to his manager, as well as my manager. I was trying to be as cordial as possible, but one of my colleagues pointed out that I might be coming off as hostile and accusatory. My thought process here is that I don't care. " \-- If you think that is cordial, then the problem isn't that you're blunt. It's that you're kind of a jerk. The right approach to this would have been to pull them aside and say, "Hey, the customer provided this information here and here." Instead, you basically told them to stop sucking in front of their boss. This isn't about "caring about feelings" so much as it is properly managing work. You jumped chain of command and undermined your co-worker; as a manager, if someone is CC'ing me, it means it is a problem they've failed to resolve at their level. When that manager got that, the assumption is that you've already worked with that person to resolve the problem. So, the manager has probably now wasted time to find out, "Oh, no, that guy never talked to me. It kind of came out of left field." You chose to turn a small problem into a big problem. If you actually care about efficiency and making revenue, you should learn how to properly resolve problems.
Keep looking and don't lie next time. EDIT: To explain, you knew perfectly well you didn't leave for the reason you said. You could have said the truth, you were let go because of the reasons. The low performance I could probably, when hiring someone, overlook if it seemed like a good reason. But, 'abuse of authority' -- which I'll notice you just put in quotes and didn't try to explain away -- combined with lying to me? Our number two on the short list probably doesn't have both those strikes against them.
And maybe if you had told people that first instead of lying to them, they'd believe you. As it is, if I'm the one doing the hiring, I have someone who was marginally better than our number 2 pick, who lied to me and raises all sorts of red flags from previous employers, oooor, I could pick our #2 pick who hasn't lied to us and may not have any red flags. You shot yourself in the foot on this one.
That's not murder over a $5 debt. I mean, I suppose you could boil it down to that, if you want to ignore the whole "buying drugs" thing.
If you weren't fired for cause, you were laid off or let go. If you mutually agreed to separate then it 'wasn't a good culture fit' and you wanted to pursue work at a company that better aligned with your goals and values. Those are really the three options: You got fired; you got laid off because it was an issue outside you or your employer's control (contract end with no renewal, loss of a customer, etc.); or you both just decided it wouldn't work out.
Not only that: If the contract is coming to an end, that's not 'getting canned.' That's the contract coming to an end. It happens, people move on.
You're probably getting caught up in a blanket rule that they have for people who DO deal directly with patients, and so they just made a blanket rule for all hiring without thinking "does this person REALLY need a full medical check up to reduce our risk of infection/exposure?" That, or their health insurance provider requires it (I know many ask basic questions like are you a smoker/how much do you drink/when was your last doctor's visit, so maybe some are more invasive.)
It's advertising to what they believe is their core audience.
It will matter on the employer, but the fewer jobs you've had, the more likely it will be looked at. And, honestly, this will require a better explanation than: "I gave my friend my assignments and was shocked, shocked it was copied," because, what did you expect for your friend to do if "checking" revealed wrong answers? You've got a bit of a hill to climb, as you'll be competing against people who don't have this on their transcript. There are a lot of positions that you won't even get to the "can explain it away" portion of the process. Many will prefer to ask for transcripts over seeing your diploma because, frankly, diplomas are easier to fake than an official transcript and people, as you've undoubtedly learned, lie. A lot.
Eh, it is perfectly fair. He gave someone answers to an assignment that was then copied. The copying was apparently blatant. And the only defense provided is, "how was I supposed to know my friend would copy the assignment I gave him to look at?" What are they supposed to do, just pretend that there was any other reason to give someone their work? The fact it only happened once might back up that the guy was just ridiculously naive, but it is a perfectly fair result from the actions that happened. An expulsion would be too much, but failing? Tough, but fair.
It was someone's fault, and your friend probably knows it.
A bad cover letter disqualifies you, but a good cover letter doesn't get you the job. It just ensures you don't get axed. Your goal should be to make a cover letter that doesn't disqualify you. If there are instructions for it, follow them.
P-p-p-p-p-pity breaker!
It is always good; the power curve on it just makes the later LBs more valuable than the early ones. For example, at the max level for your 1-star, you can get I think about 6% AGI. Pushing all the way to max, it jumps to 15%. The Slash Attack jumps from 4 to 10 at max. AGI is really, really good. The value for later LBs is just so much more than the early ones (but you'll be hard pressed to LB most UR Vision Cards that high.)
We finally got it down last night! I had been trying to stick to "only free units, no cards/espers above SR, except for free ones," but the lack of Vow of Love was screwing me over. So, I made that one concession. Vow of Love, being so vital to the design of the early game, was added to my list of things allowed. Too many runs got to the end game only for the AI to just skip Mont or Thancred to hit the squishies. So, with those rules in mind, and with max Resonance/Affinity/Proficiency on all 5: * Mont, Lvl. 99, JL12/12/12, Lord/Paladin, HP Up/Holy Knight's Protection/Sword Guard, Vow Of Love 40/40, Zuu 13/80, Lion Emblem, Nagnarok +4, Leather Hat * The biggest thing for Mont besides the gear here was Sentinel Lvl. 20 and Killer Blade Lvl. 20, to let him do some clean up after two rounds of Sentinel. He basically walked forward and tanked it all with his 4192 HP, and massive DEF/SPR. * Y'shtola, Lvl. 99, JL12/12/12, Sorceress/Sorceress, Enochain/Savior's Protection/Manafont, Great Detective Little Leela 50/50, Cactuar 50/80, Nightseeker, Smart Coat +3, Rhinestone Ring * Y'shtola's job was to knock out enemies quick with Sharpcasted Lvl. 20 Xenoglossy and then work with Thancred to knock out three of the Fire Swordsmen in the center. Once that happened, she ran away until the end when Zazan could Steal Time on the big guy and she could bring the pain. * Thancred, Lvl. 79, JL12/12/12, Gunbreaker/Red Mage, Initial AP Up/Mage's Protection/Jugular Rip, Magic Eye Floatbeam 50/50, Siren 41/50, Lion Heart Replica +4, Smartcoat +4 * Thancred being farmable is a Godsend "free" unit. Red Mage is a necessary evil because Fina is still not a high enough level to contribute, so Thancred being able to put out some healing, sleep an enemy to CC it, and lay out a Banishga to overlap with Y'shtola's Fira/Foul to secure a multikill made him surprisingly useful with Red Mage secondary. Granted, it means I have to keep his Faith at 97, so he's a bit less magic resistant than most Thancreds, but I needed every bit of it. I really should work on getting him Resonance with the Floateye Esper to get him some Magic Up. * Zazan, Lvl. 99, JL12/12/12, Warrior/Thief, Thief Lore/ATK Up/Sword Guard, Excalibur, Leather Clothing, Cactuar (Card) 60/60, Ogre (Esper) 30/80 * Zazan basically just existed here for Steal Heart and Steal Time. Early in the fight, he laid out some charm, specifically on the Black Mages to keep the damage low on Mont, and then later shifted to Steal Time on the golem. He did get to do one Level 20 Killer Blade, and thanks to his Water Element, did respectable damage. Sword Guard at Max also helps stretch his rather flimsy HP. He got to carry the Cactuar card for our extra team crit, so it was very important he not move in to Steal Time the big guy until he could secure the kill with giving Y'shtola the time to land a second big spell. * Gaffgarion, Lvl. 85, JL12/12/12, Fel Knight/Fel Knight, Self-Sacrifice/Atk UP/Knavish Mercenary, Nagnarok +4, Leather Plate, Bear Hood, Long-Awaited Holiday 40/40, Bomb 38/80 * Gaffgarion was on mage murder duty. He ran up one side, killing mages, while the rest of the team handled the other side and the middle. Then, once the mages were done, he retreated back to catch a heal from Thancred and build up some AP to smack down the giant. The Bear Hood may have been better used on Zazan to give him some DEF, but I wanted to push every bit of damage out on Gaff as I could, so the minuscule amount of Luck seemed better placed there. The biggest thing to note is that our damage was pretty poor, even with ATK, MAG, DEX, Crit and LUK cards all around. That's why we needed Thancred to give some extra coverage to Y'shtola's AoE. It was a rough challenge, but we did it.
As with all damage dealers with White Mage subjob, provided you plan to manual control, yes. But if you let Auto take over, the odds of her intelligently using support abilities is very, very low.
I have used him with his Red Mage subjob, and his healing... works, I guess? But with the availability of other good healers with support Magic, it's really just a nice to have, and his MAG score is never going to be great. He was actually a Red Mage subjob for my Iron Giant Brutal all missions clear so he could Banishga on top of Y'shtola's AoE for the multikill.
He does get a passive that patches some of that magic weakness. At Rank 15, I only have -18% Magic weakness, so with my Smartcoat +4, with +8 SPR and 4 Magic Attack Res, and, if Mont isn't using Zuu for it, Zuu's Magic Resist, he's not that bad off. Still, magic will ruin his day a lot if you don't gear/esper him for it.
" PSA: A 30k visiore investment will only net you about 70% chance to summon Lucia " \-- Which is why you shouldn't call it an investment.
No rol til WoL, stay strong.
Yeah. The first two steps in the step-up are great if you just need MR orbs/are a new player looking for that first power UR to base your team around.
Isn't it interesting that the question here assumes that the conservative answering is a white person?
But Engelbert is only featured so you don't get Lilyth shards.
Not if I could save for a limited banner to increase my odds of not missing out on a time-gated unit and maybe get non-limited units while pulling.
Alcrysts you can at least farm while getting job materials/other things of use. Souls are the worst currency in the game.
Someone looked at her art and said: "Well, it isn't like she IS wearing clothes."
11/20 is the sweet spot for Cheer.
&gt;I think there is a chance the media hyped his ass up and the Dems played dirty tricks to get him nominated because they thought he was Hillary could beat him There isn't a chance; Hillary Clinton literally chose the form of her destroyer: [https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/11/hillary-clinton-2016-donald-trump-214428](https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/11/hillary-clinton-2016-donald-trump-214428)
Faith also increases the chance of Reactions proccing based on taking magic damage, for those abilities that CAN proc on magic damage.
If you don't care, you signal that by not changing the starter message.
It both doesn't exist and was pivotal in stopping Hitler.
That's the same thing they said about Bush Sr. when Bush Jr. was president. It's the same thing they'll say about Trump when there's a Next Republican Hitler.
"So, we have Thancred, right? He's unable use to magic--" "Make him a Red Mage." "Didn't you just hear--" "Red Mage." "Right. Fine. So, for his other job, before he became a Gunbreaker, he was --" "I think he looks cool when he jumps. Dragoon." "What? No--prior to being a gunbreaker he was a Rogue, or maybe even a Ninja--" "JUMP THANCRED, JUMP!"
Just trying to get into a raid is a pain, and out of curiosity, I tried to do it solo with 4 units. Hilariously, you still have the time limit for moving your units, and if you get disconnected, since you're the only live player, you can't rejoin the room since it will disband.
If people aren't in danger of dying, those turns could have been used killing faster. I wouldn't kick you (a win is a win), but people who are going to grind it 12+ hours a day for the next 16 days or however long will notice a difference between clearing it slightly faster. Honestly, if the UI to join/rejoin a raid weren't so terrible, it wouldn't be as annoying to get kicked.
The first time PER BOSS is free. Which was weird until I figured it out because multiplayer crashed while I was testing it solo, and when I came back it actually used an orb to restart the map.
&gt;There are lots of F2P players, myself included, who would "support" the game with a better summon system, significantly lower costs, pity rates, better rates, or even pay a flat fee if you didn't have to so heavily rely on RNG from limited resources. The sad fact is, players \*say\* that, but the facts don't back it up. Or at least, they don't back it up enough that companies are incentivized to do the things players claim they need to do to make a profit.
Spreading out resources is risky; I'd judge how many Rainbow Orbs/Fragments you have to determine how many units you can realistically work on at one time, and look to see if any of your units will get replaced with future pulls. Kitone and Engle both fill a tank role, but differently, and Yerma is a great bruiser, but Xiza has way more utility.
Think it is a display bug; the other secret book quest returns didn't bring their completion rewards back.
You basically just have to click faster than everyone else. Good luck.
"Don't believe the tier lists. The acknowledged current best in class are all you need."
Alright! Getting ready to sit down and fight the menu boss to make a +5 Lionheart for Thancred, finally! Just to make sure I have my crafting minigame process figured out, I should: * Determine what type I want (most likely Assault or Aim for Lionheart) * Use Seals at every level up for the relevant stats if available (ATK, maybe ACC, maybe Crit, maaaybe MAG since I sometimes use Thancred as a Red Mage) * Use hammers to push the key stats (ATK, ACC, Crit) at the end of the process to maximize the weapon if happy with the initial rolls Am I missing any steps, besides Pray?
So, I'm trying to stick to using the N/R units and free units, which leaves me in a bind with Fina, Learte and Mia. I don't think we've had any good Bow or Dagger events! Are there any recipes worth buying/farming to get them to at least a +3 or so that's better than the regular equipment from the shop?
I kind of want to go lurk on their subreddit.
Mainly to see if I can. I have Oelde at LB4/A4, and a few other units in the 50s, but I want to cap out the low rarity units first just to see what I can clear. So far, I haven't missed anything (though after doing Brutal Iron Giant once to get all the missions, I did get a new respect for Zazan's Steal Time and Steal Heart.) (Also, to be clear, it is N/R and free units, which includes decently powerful units like Gaff and Thancred (since you could farm him for tokens.)
Tanks are, in general, wimpy attackers. Get Mont Killer Blade though and he can at least deal some decent surprise damage to humanoids.
Any feeling on Aim vs. Assault? Way, way back when Lionheart got released at the start, people seemed to be OK with Aim, but there wasn't a chance to choose what you got. I have a +4 Assault Lionheart, so I can get Assault if I want now, which I think I do.
Yeah. I just soloed it with Gaff. But I'm not sure how much longer I'll be able to do that. Maybe 25 or so
Auto clickers would mess that up. Honestly, this is just a necessary evil of having content that enforces very harsh grouping requirements instead of a more lenient trinity system like in MMOs where any tank, any healer, any damage dealer is fine. Things like chains or CC locking basically require certain unit combinations, and since it is such a pain to communicate in the game, the boot is the simplest solution.
Ended up going Aim since if I get an Aim accessory, I figure someone else will wear it, and since Thancred isn't LB4 yet for me because I stopped early, he needs to get as much as he can out of the sword statwise. I may have spent too many hammers/seals, but I now have a completely maxed Lionheart +5... so maybe I didn't need to blow Attack seals on EVERY level up, though I don't know if seals or hammers should be considered more valuable. Either way, thank you!
I definitely would have given it up. People have asked me if they should play, and I hate saying, "so, how much time are you willing to tie up a device autoing?" WotV FFBE is fun, during the short, few maps a day I actually need to not auto.
I made the mistake of thinking "A +1 ring won't be a bad idea." Then I saw how many void megas it needed... I don't think I'll make it. I bought two of the recipes before realizing I needed 10 of those things each.
I mean, you CAN choose reinforcements. But, then you're waiting. I just waited about 10 minutes, still probably will fail because in that 10 minutes, one of the people willing to join is a sub-70 Mont.
A slash team using the two best ways to exploit slash is viable. But, instead of needing just Lucia/Medi, you really want both Gilga and Cid to make it work, though you can probably get away with just one for much of the early/mid level flans.
Witch hunts always end well.
My best advice for people who want to do a gacha game F2P? \*Get off the internet and stop reading about other people.\* Comparing yourself to their progress is a trap; people lie. No, sir, I don't believe you've maxed every PvP Meta unit and are F2P BTW, with 99 Cid, Ramza, Ayaka, Medi, Engel, Miranda Lucia and Fredericka available on your roster. Likewise, the people on the internet GROSSLY underestimate their time spent doing things. There are a few people if you look around who say "Eh, getting a +5 Ring isn't that big of a time commitment." These people and your average person have different definitions "time commitment," or, like the obviously sarcastic F2P BTW people, are liars.
You really don't. Taunting Blade is very, very expensive, and Mont has AP burning a hole in his pocket. You'll eventually be able to turn skills on and off, and that will help, but right now, without manipulating his available skills by not unlocking things, and even then, Stone Throw is surprisingly tempting to the AI.
That's like spoilering The Titanic.
Thank God it doesn't need books. If it did, I'd say: "No. Never resmith. Your time is more valuable than that."
At the start, didn't they have like, a double awards for Live PvP? Or am I imagining things? Because doubling the awards would make the grind way less tedious and actually make me feel like the effort to win might be worth it, as opposed to now, where even some players' best teams just get wiped before any of them go. Even my suboptimal team, with Y'shtola and Gaff, we sometimes outspeed and murder 2/3 of the enemy team when I play for real instead Lose Fast.
Balancing AFK gil farm and leveling my flan yesterday was maddening.
Orlandeau in a vacuum is bad; you need to build around him for this. Combined with Gilgamesh's Slash Resist Debuff, Cid's own Defense Down, and powerful chainers, he's good. It's just that Lucia/Medi are notably better for this content.
Lucia is probably more commonly available at higher level than Gilgamesh or Ramza, especially since Ramza had a fairly limited availability window, and Gilgamesh is double cost. Even though Lucia is newer, there are a LOT of well-built Lucias running around at 89/99.
I used to go through just a bit at a time, but so many of the published adventures for 3.0/3.5 and even AD&amp;D had weird things happen at the end that would have totally changed how I played the earlier ones, I try and figure out the main meta plot first. If I remember, there's a 3.0/3.5 module where the big reveal is the guy who hired you is ALSO the evil guy you're working against... but the book doesn't reveal it until the last chapter. Which, when I got to, I was like... "Uh... well, if I knew this, I'd have had a lot more clues," but I assume it was written this way so there WERE NO CLUES FOR THE PLAYERS to accidentally derail the adventure. Luckily, most of my issues with Avernus are just sloppy continuity and weird dungeon designs (the Alexandrian Remix hit my complaint about mandatory secret doors really, really well.)
To reliably get people to join, you probably need to be at the level of at least rewarding Void Megas, which I think is 61? The raid is a complete and utter failure, from UI to encounter design.
&gt;interrupts your farming flow Gil turtle farming SUCKED this weekend if I was trying to get every flan spawn. I eventually decided "screw it, I only want a +1, MAAAAYBE +2 ring," and just filled up to 300 NRG and walked away.
The same way with NRG in multiplayer; leech. Someone will pay the price.
I get why they can't; so you don't run it in one mode, then swap to the better reward mode. But, it is still silly.
Huh. That actually fixed one of my problems with Ch. 3, and takes the fix I was planning on (instead of Lulu getting false memories, the party needs to help her recreate memories with regents/components, and then there's this push and pull morally where "Well, we REALLY need Lulu to remember something... and it will save a lot of people... but that IS a unicorn we're being asked to sacrifice.") My second plan being that Lulu is wrong about Zariel's soul/spark of good hiding in the sword, but that it is actually hiding in Lulu, so that the end of the game isn't just a persuasion check, but the party has to have actually set a good example for Lulu/Zariel throughout the campaign to convince Zariel to redeem herself. Of course, with a redeemed Zariel, the finale in saving Elturel may need something for the party to do while she fixes things, so my second fix is instead of Zariel being corrupted by the Nine Hells which... OK, that's what it does, but there's not much to work with, focus more on her pride in thinking she could just go stomp the devils and demons, and give her a demonic advisor who corrupted her through pride and arrogance, not just "Cause the area's evil." Have it be that at each step of the way, she consciously chose to do the dangerous thing and slid her more and more to evil, which sets up a nice counterpoint to the party and Lulu, and make it so Zariel, in part, doesn't see herself as truly evil. Instead, she sees her place as kind of a jailer of devils/demons, in a very proud, the ends justify the means. The lemures she elevates into her legion were going to be Evil Demons/Devils anyway, so why not put them under the command of Zariel, and use them to keep the hells in check? She's still Evil, but she feels less like a cartoon this way and someone who I feel COULD be redeemed by showing how far they've fallen and their own tragic flaw as opposed to just a, "Hey, you've been in this place and it makes good people bad. So, stop being bad," skill check the party will attempt to cheese with Guidance and "Help Another" rolls. Plus, her demonic advisor could then step in as the dramatic final encounter instead of Zariel (though... it seems kind of suicidal to decide to go toe-to-toe with her either way.)
You should not use the list. Go to their website and use whatever publicly available way they have to have people contact them. Imagine someone emailing you out of the blue on your company email, and you find out they're not a reference, but some person who "tracked you down" on the Internet. They've got people, job openings, or a phone number most likely listed on their website for these inquiries. Cold call there.
Someone who knows you well in another pseudo-professional light could also work (Scoutmaster, youth pastor, person at a location you volunteer at regularly, someone like that), or if you've had another internship or job (even a standard retail job!), that would work too if you don't have a strong relationship with your professors.
Generally, when you're testing a game, you're not trying to find exploits, etc. If you find one, great, you file a report. But, you'll more than likely be given something like, 'Do this task as many times as you can and make sure the game responds the way it is supposed to." If you haven't done a lot of research on this, I think this is the article I remember that gives a somewhat neutral view ([https://www.businessinsider.com/what-its-like-to-be-a-video-game-tester-2015-6](https://www.businessinsider.com/what-its-like-to-be-a-video-game-tester-2015-6)). There are probably a lot of more negative articles out there, but this is going to give you a much fairer view of it than going to one of those.
We hire people who apply about as often as we take references. People calling directly to someone who isn't in a hiring role will either just get referred to HR (because there are a lot of things you can do wrong when hiring someone that someone not trained in that might not realize is wrong--or even illegal!) or ignored. Your best case scenario is a sitcom or made for TV, "I like your moxie, kid," moment. Your most likely scenario is them hanging up/deleting the email. The midground is you just get sent through the HR filter anyway. Trust me; your odds are way, way better to apply for a job or reach straight out to HR instead of cold calling/emailing people.
In part yes, in part, they've probably had people insist things are fixed... and then the thing NOT be fixed. Give it a little more time for them to grow trust that when you say a thing is fixed, it really, truly is fixed.
Eight months is a long time. Go in and start looking immediately for things in that time frame. Plus, having your foot in the door at the new place, if you impress them, gives you a good shot at being considered for any permanent openings they have.
We've never interviewed with no intention of hiring; we've done lots where we interview and no one acceptable to us or our ultimate client makes it through the various screens (and I'm not even talking like 5 years vs 4 years experience, I mean... some people who make the Worst Of posts seem tame). Hiring people is expensive and time consuming; if we weren't going to fill a position, we're not wasting a lot of time and money just to mess with people.
&gt;That said, if this was a vital role and the manager had enough flexibility and authority to immediately offer her several grand above the advertised rate, I think there's still a good chance they still try to offer it to her. Possibility 2: They DID NOT have that authority, and that is part of what killed the position.
It isn't that I don't know what people mean by it; it is that people are using it to mean different things to different audiences. You can look through this post and see people who mean it as "reform," to "spend on different things," to "abolish" the police. So long as all three of these things and more fly under the same flag, yeah, sorry. We're going to have to have the "what exactly do you mean" discussion every time it gets used.
When I have players who just make whatever and sit down with a "why do I care?" expression, it makes it harder. But, when I say, "You're in X doing Y. Please make a character who has a reason to be in X doing Y," then things work a lot better. The initial part of a campaign should pretty much require the players are playing characters with buy in to the story; it is the hooks that lead out from that initial adventure that require a little more work to ensure the players' characters are on board with.
I think Failure Can Be Fun when it is Dramatic Failure. Like, Random Encounter Wraith killed you isn't Dramatic Failure. That's just... failure. (Though, that's also an artifact of having wildly disparate character levels at the table. You've got people without their archetype and some people who already have their double damage feature in stronger cantrips or 3rd level spells/second attack! That's not random death; that's perfectly expected death.) I basically have a sliding scale; the less dramatically important an encounter is, the more likely I am to fudge die rolls, play the monster suboptimally, etc., or sometimes, they come across a big, giant owlbear at an early level... that's already eaten and has no interest in fighting stupid humanoids with pointy things. Mentally remembering not every encounter NEEDS to be a fight helps have a variety of non-likely-to-be-lethal encounters. But, yeah. The game should be fun, and modules/adventures should be written with the expectation the players can (and should) win this. But, if they fail, it needs to be a fun, cinematic failure. Not, "Oh, he threw a fireball at you, you flubbed your save, and then his swarm of rats attacked your unconscious body for failed death saves." EDIT: On my last point, it is one of the reason I dislike a lot of Call of Cthulhu pre-written modules (or at least, the ones in the back of the book I had, where the world had a rising % chance of ending each day... even on days before the party KNEW THE WORLD WAS IN DANGER.)
"I call it Contingency Resurrection. Once I'm a high enough level, I now have your body and can resurrect you."
Whoa now. We can't have unpopular opinions on here.
I would remove people in favor of the people who beat up on the boss in the first place, but if after waiting a bit and they didn't re-join, then whatever.
I had Mia up to Level 86 or so. I got to do cool things like knock people out of charm since the boss just went so Steal Time was useless, use Snipe Dagger to kill a green flan that was threatening to kill a real DPS, and other stuff. But the simple fact is, since people never wanted to actually use their orb resources, despite having more than we could reasonably use, raw DPS started beating out steal time. I don't have Luci or Medi, so I rarely, if ever, got in the high level raids. Oh well.
What is extra confusing? Mont's TMR looks like a shield (but is technically an "emblem"... with very Shield Like stats), but is an accessory!
Sort of a mixed reaction; the Paladin felt like he was singled out... which he was, because he went off on his own. The Monk kind of enjoyed the way in which he was screwed, because once it happened he realized "Oh... THOSE GLOVES." The backline went down swinging, so they enjoyed it since they were worried that if the party died, it would just be in a rocks fall, everyone dies, sort of way.
Other takes on the characters are always helpful! Since Kreeg is supposed to be pretending to be a Good ruler in Elturel, how much could he really push that as policy and not just background manipulations though? Also: Anything that makes the Vanthampurs more vile is helpful. I do wonder if making Zariel human to celestial to infernal back to celestial is too many steps in the shortish time frame the game gives; did you expand the background to be longer than the, what, 150ish years in the main book?
If your group likes it, it sounds like fun. My general dislike of complicated/extra steps in systems to smooth out bad rolls for stats is that an elegant solution already exists: Point Buy. This though is at least playing with it a bit and not just trying to say "Let's have the fun of rolling for stats... with none of the risk of Jim not having anything above a 12 again." I'd say though you want this to actually be part of Avernus more, make the options instead of tokens everyone just uses to set their primary stat to 20 and coast with, have them have an option to make very minor deals for stats. The bonus here is that if a character DOES make a minor deal for a stat, tie them to one of the big players in Avernus to give them some connection there... but also when the "we're going to hell" part kicks off, make it clear that people who deal with devils are very likely to have their souls damned if they don't atone somehow... which should be enough to get anyone who made a deal for a sweet 20 casting stat on board for the trip to Hell (one of the weakest points in the main adventure if you run as is is getting 5th level characters to decide "we're the guys to go to Hell.") Make the lesser deals cost less (like, "Oh, you want to turn that 8 to a 10? Ok... but Bel wants you to donate 100 gold from your first adventure to one of his secret followers. Don't worry; they'll find you.") While the set a stat to 18 should require something more meaningful.
Yeah; that was going to be my fix too. If the geography is screwy, why isn't the time flow... but if the geography is screwy, that makes turning Avernus into a Sandbox hard... but... who knows? That's Future Me's Problem. Even the base game's timeline is really compressed and screwy. Like, an elf is probably old enough to remember the Hellride! The mystery of who Zariel is is also confusing; is it supposed to be a reveal? She's on the cover, but her name's not in the title like Strahd... but this would be like people forgetting who Colonel Custer was, or the Charge of the Light Brigade. Zariel's fall is just WEIRD, and the timeline is all screwy, and I don't think the designers ever figured out just what they wanted the players to know or not know before the adventure starts.
Use the dream machine! Just have the players given a chance to use it, and ask them what they see there. It gets you the answer in-game without tipping your hand that you'll use this later.
Speak to him now, not later. Honestly, the first time should have been met with, "That's not the sort of game we're playing," and the second time with a more direct shutdown. This is the sort of behavior that drives people away from tables; put the end to it now.
"I'm sorry; this isn't working out. Thank you for taking the time to game with me."
My plan was: The player controls it... until they don't, at which point, this is a perfect time for Gargauth to make his first little deal: "Hey... I only have so much power; I'm tapped dry. You look like you're in a bind... why don't you do X that helps me so you can get your shield magic back?"
So. First: What is the goal of the being making the contract, and what does the player want out of the bargain? The basic plan for any demon making a bargain is that if they can get the soul in the bargain, GREAT! But, honestly? Making a deal with a devil/demon/whatever ... is probably tainting your soul anyway. In fact, the more cunning devils might even try and pretend like the character's soul is in no danger. "We're just making a small deal; all I want from you is money/small favor/etc." The devil's initial ask should not be something the player would balk at. So, start with those two things. What do the people involved want? Now, what are the people involved willing to give to get what they want? Once you have that, start with the basics: "You will give me X for me to ensure that your soul cannot be captured by Valindra when you die" is probably the skeleton of the deal, right?
Whenever I read things in fiction where people make a deal with the devil, I always wonder: "Who honestly thinks, 'yeah. I'm the guy. I'm the guy to finally pull one over on Lucifer!'" Then, I see players willingly entering silly deals with devils left and right thinking, 'Yeah. I'm the guy. I'm the guy to finally pull one over on Bel,' and it all makes sense.
Which is weird since... standard multiplayer already existed. Like, why remake a worse multiplayer experience?
The natural end of "multiplayer" in online phone games.
I just want two staffs for my free/N/R team so Miche and Y'shtola can chain. The TMR Y'shtola staff is one. This will hopefully be the second.
Same as for other mages. Red Mages/Spellblades ultimately just want to do Magic Damage, while not having as atrocious a filler auto attack as pure casters.
I end up doing that for a huge part too because... seriously, I don't want to have to pay attention to my phone for eight hours to tap "Ready." My general goal is a +3, because that will always be notably better than a shop bought equipment, with a +4 as a stretch goal being heads and tails better. I managed to get a +5 Smart Coat, +5 Lion Heart Replica. I just need about 30 more Attack Seals to make a +5 Nagnarok. But... those two swords were the easy ones!
Can I complain like a manly man?
Do you think they're old enough to remember when Bush was Hitler?
It doesn't say "Cure spells" it says "Magical healing," right? All of those sources are magic. This person is rightly screwed until that curse is lifted. It's incredibly harsh, and basically means short rest hit dice, healer's kits using the Healer feat, and long rests are it.
Yeah. The only other non-magical healing I can think of is characters with the Healer feat using a Healer's Kit.
The QoL I want but know I'll never see: "Removed Souls for unit Awakenings from the Game."
I think the problem is that in Fantasy worlds, these Fantasy races are generally created by Fantasy Gods... and some of those Fantasy Gods ARE EVIL. So, the question is: Did the fantasy god make these mortal races with free will? If so... then yeah. They're no more likely to be evil than the other races. But, if they WEREN'T created to have free will... then they're not really analogous to the races in the real world. But, explaining that bit of D&amp;D cosmology is really, really hard, especially if you're trying to explain it to someone with zero buy in to a fantastic world. Plus... it is really, really simplistic story telling. I think you CAN have a race of evil creatures, but... they're not like other free willed humanoids. They should be tragic homunculouses, and they should be considered an abomination and mockery of ACTUAL free willed people, but you can see how that ALSO creates the problem Wizards is trying to avoid. The problem is that in a Fantasy world where Celestia and the Blood Wars are known entities... who WILLINGLY chooses to be Evil? It is very hard to come up with someone who has decided, "Yeah. For a few good years on the Prime Material Plane, I'm willing to become a lemure for the rest of eternity and suffer in Avernus." Honestly, the entire cosmology of D&amp;D is both "problematic" and difficult to make work in a logical space.
" but other cases I want to leave an air of mystery about whether or not it was possible. " \-- All that does is cause the chain of "Well, Bill tries, and I help Bill. Oh, Bill failed, so Jim tries with Bill helping Jim," until it goes around the table, with someone saying, "I make an untrained check because maybe I read the answer in a book somewhere." If something is impossible, let the players know, especially if they're trained in it. I can very quickly tell when something is impossible for me, especially if it is something I am competent in.
Making time matter is the best way to make a trade off for 10/20 taking.
I don't think it is metagaming; it is explaining an action mechanically. Were I an adventurer, I would take as much time as I could to thoroughly search certain areas. Heck, you and I might "take 20" trying to find our keys on a really bad day. Taking 20 is basically saying, "I want to turn this place upside down until I'm sure I've looked at everything."
I imagine that Arrigal will still be Evil.
In this case, the lesson to take away is that all three witnesses are major characters and made sure they all had similar "screentime." It is OK if Merchant Jim is "A burly guy with mutton chops" as a description, but a key witness to the crime? They should be important.
The problem is that the way the spawning works, if you miss the initial wave, you may be Forever Behind. There were people who just skipped leveling their own Flan and got into higher raids. I wonder how many of those high level raids would have actually fired off if you HAD to have your own Level 150 flan to do it. I know I cleared several of them with my Flan only about Level 70.
I got pretty far; level 70 Flan. But, if I could have just burned my orbs when I was ready to play instead of having to burn energy THEN burn a single orb, repeat, I'd probably have gotten much further. So, it matters what their design goal is (I think this is a casual mobile game, it should lean towards "play when you can.")
It's not unrunnable as written; you just have to ask your players not to squint too hard at the seams and to adhere to the social contract of "we're in this adventure because we're in this adventure." So... it's \*weak\* but runnable, but it is SO easy to fix the bad stuff that I wonder why it was published as weak as it was. At least, the Baldur's Gate stuff. Once you get to Avernus, it seems like they ran out of pages. The Gazeteer seems to have eaten up pages that SHOULD have been spent on making the Avernus portion better.
So, why does the monkey have an alignment? RAW, it is an animal, incapable of moral reasoning. The fact a monkey has an alignment should ALSO be an interesting hook to the player.
You can't reason someone out of a position they were not reasoned into.
Part of it is that, for Republicans, we \*tried\* everything the Democrats insist we should do. We had Romney the mild mannered school boy... he got called a grandma killing fascist. We tried McCain, the maverick who worked across the aisle even when it went against Republican interests. He got called a warmongering fascist. So, at that point, the moderate voices in the Republican party (like mine) pretty much gave up. We CAN'T promote a moderate Republican, because everyone just looks at the fact that they're just going to get called a fascist, Next Hitler, and lose, so they might as well push for a "Republican who fights back," and in this case, Trump is the "Republican who fights," even though he wasn't a Republican until he decided to run for office and is, probably, only a functional Republican because he knows that conservative judges are the only thing keeping him with any strong coalition.
I mean, yes? In an ideal world, everyone would have better training. Now, to enact that, you're going to have a huge bloat in police budgets, especially to do recertifications, to create the institutions that do these multi-year training, to pay specialized trainers, etc., etc. So, if you want a police licensing board or the like, you're going to have to pay for it. So, what are we willing to give up to get that? If you want to train them in "de-escalation" more than they already are and "psychology," you're looking at fairly indepth, multi-year studies, looking at Associate or BA/BS degrees, and the pay that comes with that! And you're now competing at with all of the people who want those skills and don't tag on, "and maybe get shot" in the duty descriptions.
If it was fascism, there'd be no confusion about what it is. You failed in setting the scene; if you wanted them to know these people are fascist \*have them act it.\*
7-8 is a lot of people; my first advice before reading anything else is have someone else GM a second group. There are people who, mattering on turns, might go 20\~ minutes without being meaningfully engaged in your current set up.
First, read up on what Wish can do as a spell. If a player wants it to do any of the things the spell description says it does mechanically, it just does it, no "screw you" involved, because, in general, players shouldn't be screwed over for using their class features. If the Wish is coming from an external source, you can play with it a bit, but likewise, if they ask for something the game defines Wish as able to do, generally give it to them without much fuss. It's when they start trying to go OUTSIDE that, that you get to start screwing with them, and, frankly, they KNOW they're heading into potential screw job territory trying to go outside the realm of what Wish outlines as "safe," so, have fun with it.
I find in general, you just think "what would I need to do this," and give it to the players. Instead of saying the boat to the island won't be ready for two days, have whoever the NPC of the Boat is (the captain, the cook, whoever the PCs associate with "talk to this person to launch the boat") say: "This is very dangerous and you should be prepared. While we do repairs/restock, you should find out what you can to be prepared for the dangers of Danger Island." It's OK to spell things out for players. They need it sometimes.
Lesser magic can create it, so no reason Wish couldn't.
Tell the level 5 person that they need to change. You're a new DM; balancing a party that disbalanced is going to be a pain. Level 5 is the first major strength breakpoint (3rd level spells, second martial attack, etc.) Even 2 Level 4s and a Level 5 makes for wonky balance (but not as bad.) Tell them they can use their Level 5 character when everyone catches up, but for the start, new character.
If you're pre-genning the characters, you can tailor them a bit to the adventure you're going to run. If you want suggestions for what the players should include, here's my general New Party Guidelines: * Someone needs to know things. This doesn't have to be a Wizard or Bard, but between the party, someone should have Knowledge Arcana, Religion and Nature if at all possible (Remember that Backgrounds can grant this!) * Someone needs to notice things. Someone should have Perception and Insight. * Someone needs to be able to use Thieves Tools (or the party needs to be creative enough to get around traps beyond the expected mechanical method.) Remember again, you don't need to be a Rogue with the right background! * Someone needs to be able to talk to people. Again, Persuasion or Intimidation fill this, and it doesn't have to be a CHA specialist. If you make sure to check the boxes on all those skills, you'll almost naturally be able to fill out the combat roles of at least one ranged attacker, at least one decently bulky melee hitter, and at least one caster with Dispel Magic availability in the mid-levels. EDIT: With only three characters, that might get a little tight to fit in, but you should be able to pull it off with a variety of builds. This should cover most of the "required" skills; note what I didn't list. You don't \*need\* a specific class, like Cleric or Rogue. Clerics and Rogues though tend to bundle a lot of that stuff together (with Clerics also bringing a lot of versatility based on your subclass.) You also don't need a dedicated healer (though having one in a low level party, or a high CHA Inspiring Leader to grant some HP buffer, is probably good for people learning the game to minimize the odds of early character death.) A Human Skills Rogue with the Healer Feat actually covers a lot of that, and next to Battle Master Fighter, is one of my go-to playing with new players characters, and I play them as a combat medic.
I am torn between whether the opening of the module or Chapter 3's "the geography doesn't matter, and long resting may turn your character evil," are the worst design decisions in the module.
This is my innate problem with Soul Coins and how essential the warmachines are to traveling Avernus as written; it's why the sourcebook kind of ignores the fact Lulu \*should be horrified that people are bartering in souls.\* The way you're approaching soul coins is sort of how the module wants you to approach it, as "just a currency." But, then there are parts where they forget that (like that they weigh non-evil people down, etc.) If you ignore the moral issue of using the soul coins, it makes other moral questions suddenly feel weird. Like, why is it bad for Kreeg to have bartered a city's worth of souls when the players can drop them into their infernal warmachines like playing pinball at the arcade?
I had not decided how to approach Lulu. I now have decided.
Except they could \*free the soul bound into eternal damnation\* instead. The book even notes that not all of these are Evil souls. Some are Good souls trapped against their will. Even if it IS an Evil soul, the book still notes it is a Good act to free an Evil soul from a soul coin. There is no way to, Avernus as written, treat the use of soul coins as a neutral or good act.
Torturing an evil soul is still Evil, especially in D&amp;D. It's why Evil souls go to an Evil afterlife, where they are tortured by Evil beings. Good creatures do not torture Evil creatures (or if they do, they don't stay Good for long.) You can hand wave it like that, and you probably HAVE to do some hand waving to get your players to treat the soul coins as the currency the game wants them to. Honestly, my way of fixing it is: * A soul becomes a soul coin through an infernal deal; essentially agreeing to a period of torture up to X uses before their soul is freed * Being traded counts as a use, and coins become less valuable the fewer uses remain, with no one trading for a coin with only 1 use left, for obvious reasons; being stolen/looted DOES NOT count as a use * It can not be destroyed through the simple means in the book; this gets rid of the player's easy moral way out. Now, actively using the coins moves them closer to being freed Now, you still have these evil things crying in torment in the player's pockets, but they can't just smash it to end the suffering, and trading or using the coins helps to end the soul's suffering, but you know that if you trade it to certain demons, they're just going to sit on a hoard of soul coins like a dragon because they LIKE listening to the soul coins wallow in torture. It also helps with the fact that Lulu, in Avernus as written, should be annoying the players to free all the souls they come across. But even with this write up, I'm not sure how much I like it.
Unless I'm misremembering, Soul Coins have charges, but in the section on destroying them, only Remove Curse/destroying them the old fashioned way free the soul. You can burn up the charges on the coin, but it is still a soul coin.
And then there's Mont's TMR.
I excel now at the Rap-a-tap
Having the people the party recruited help, but off screen, is a perfectly normal gimmick. In games like Call of Cthulhu, you sometimes even have what my players called "the Nerd Squad," who do the researching while the players do the adventuring. In D&amp;D, your helper characters do things like "guard the exit" or "watch the caravan" while the players go do things. If you don't want the players to have a second party worth of high powered druids to back them up, just put the adventure on a time crunch. Sure, the players CAN wait a week or however long for the druids to arrive... or they could save the X now. My instinct is to not have a battle with 8 PC level creatures involved -- especially not where many of them are druids, one of the more choice rich options in the game!
You'll need to go into the cosmology of What Is An Undead? Also: Remember that the people in this world understand how Undead work. They know the difference between a mindlessly animated skeleton that is knit together by negative energy, the Vampire Dracula who is a truly free willed individual, and Vampire Dracula's thralls. Would a vote count if a person were magically Charmed or Suggested into casting a vote? If not, then thrall-like Undead don't get a vote. Would an Animated Armor get to vote? If not, then mindless Undead aren't getting a vote either. Intelligent Undead are the only class of Undead that a society \*might\* consider granting rights to. So, there are basically, a few kind of undead. * The standard free willed kind. It's basically whoever the person was, but they're undead now. Think Dracula or the Zombie guy in the Disc's Watch. They're Undead, but being Undead is basically just like being any thing else. * Created through dark magic/curse/negative energy. The body is just a corrupt mass of magic, the individual's soul may be trapped there (why some gods view it as such an atrocity) or not, but either way, Negative Energy animates these undead. * Trapping a soul in a decaying or otherwise dead body to do your bidding. This would be akin to mind controlling someone to vote for you; no Lawful or Good society would stand for that I think. You might get a few other "kinds" of Undead, but once you figure out how Undead work in your world/vision of an existing world, it gets easier to figure out if the scheme should work or not.
I have not At some point, I might decide to shell out for it (the pages shown are well designed, so I hope it doesn't come off like I think the price point is unfair! It definitely seems worth it for the effort put into it), but right now, I'm trying to not spend more for an adventure I already bought the book for.
You can just Get Silly. Have the Undead push for laws that make it illegal for businesses to discriminate against them, but take it to absurd degrees, like trying to outlaw windows that let in sunlight; have them try and form voting blocks with other "under represented intelligent humanoids (URIH Party)," like kobolds and drow who are also sun sensitive. If you Get Silly, you have to make sure that you are taking it to absurd lengths, so that the comic punch is there, but that it is so absurd that the parallels drawn to reality are exaggerated enough to not be too much like an anvil to the head. Think of a Modest Proposal type situation with an Undead Bill of Rights. Get the Undead to insist that Holy Symbols should be treated like weapons, and if citizens aren't allowed to carry weapons in town, then they should be banned from wearing Holy Symbols too, for example.
All of the Mark Of races also come with some hefty RP association. If players are just getting to take it for the bells and whistles and none of the responsibilities, then yeah, they might seem pretty feature heavy (but note that they are balanced against each other more so than the core races.)
&gt;Then Player A asked if they could stream it but I said that I wanted to get into the vibe and the feeling first, make myself comfortable as a DM before I wanted anything streamed. They still did it anyway. I'm fine with people streaming me for pretty much anything. But if they don't ask, I'd be livid. This should have been a session ender; it is OK to put your foot down about some things. This, combined with late character creation, shows a player who \*just doesn't respect the other people at the table's time and input.\* I'm usually not one to say "this player absolutely has to go," but it really may need to be.
Stolen samples of handwriting, with reams and reams of paper slowly mimicking the stolen handwriting.
" To start this off, I've long been underwhelmed by the number of slots. " \-- Before changing things, I want to speak up for the Warlock. You may be under estimating the Warlock's power. Eldritch Blast is simply one of, if not the, best cantrips in the game. Your Warlock doesn't need to cast a Big Spell every turn in combat. Before you increase their spellcasting ability, you need to really appreciate how good Eldritch Blast is; so many multiclass builds dip into Warlock \*just for that.\* At 20th level, a Wizard has, what, something like \~22 spell slots of various levels; your variant Warlock will have 4 slots (at 5th level) and an Arcanum for 1-9 instead of just 6-9. A Wizard can get back up to 10 levels worth of slots. If you drop your 4 Warlock spells \[which you should be doing\], you get back \*20 levels of spell slots\* every Short Rest, of which you should get 2-3 in an adventuring day. You're going to get fewer slots, but your slots, if used for damage, are going to hurt. A lot. If used for utility, they'll be up-cast a lot. If you add in an additional set of spells 1-5, the Warlock is going to be getting very close to parity with the Wizard in casting because they suddenly don't need to use one of their precious 4 slots on utility spells... plus having a better filler action Cantrip. The Invocations being tied to a long rest help make the Warlock \*want\* to take long rests. If they didn't have those, they'd be like a Martial, and willing to pretty much not rest until they needed to recover without using hit dies. You can still make these changes (what I'd recommend is if the Warlock is going to get to more spells and renew invocations, every other long rest caster is going to need to get some goodies to make them less long rest reliant too... which then further stomps on the martial classes, so actually, I probably \*shouldn't\* recommend that.)
Besides your Arcanum, you're also getting your regular Warlock slots (4) which cast at 5th level (20 levels worth of slots). Note: "You regain all expended spell slots when you finish a short or long rest."
Yeah. That's supposed to be the Warlock's trade off. You can get things like Dimension Door or Fly that are really, really good but don't scale... but you're giving up an up-casted Whatever that would've been really good at a higher spell level. Recovering them on a short rest means the Warlock is supposed to use those spells liberally, but every Warlock I've seen treats those slots like a Long Rest caster and hoards them. No; on your first turn, drop your AoE Spell of Doom. Force your opponents to respond to your raw, arcane might, and then swap to Eldritch Blast or your other cantrips for clean up. You'll get that slot back. They definitely are pretty boring until they get a second spell slot (and really don't kick off until they have 3, to reliably use a big flash spell every fight in a short rest), which is level 11, about when most campaigns are starting to feel the wheels coming off. One of the easier fixes, I think, would be to give them more slots earlier, but still keep them at the same cap (but if you do this, you'd need to find some way to make other casters also feel magical earlier.)
I should have said, not entirely 5E. Either or, yeah. Talk to your group about it. It is generally easier to balance up instead of down, in my opinion, but sometimes modules are harder to adjust than homebrew.
So, here's the question that is going to get to the crux of the question: How is what you're doing to alter the Warlock not better done as a subclass for Wizard or Sorcerer, as you can get the same mechanical implementation without having to change the core of the class nearly as much?
As a DM getting ready to start Descent... yes. I hate to say anything that relates to removing world building and fluff, but... the entire Gazeteer at the end? Gone. Cut it. The opening is a railroady mess; the end finale as written in the book is, "Well, I guess, here are some things that could happen. You figure it out." And Chapter 3 is "Pick a random path with no real way for the players to tell what they're doing, then GET ON THE RAILROAD!" They needed those pages they gave up for the Baldur's Gate World Building.
If you haven't read the module book,
I agree entirely about the Gazetteer. There's stuff in there that's great... but adding it into DIA doesn't work, and it is a module that desperately needed more pages.
It's actually a meta-gamey reason. If Kreeg's first interactions with the PCs are in the basement of the Villa/Manor, it loses a lot of its punch. They absolutely HAVE to interact with him prior to that meeting for it to have the narrative weight the module clearly wants it to have. Also, by having him be slightly off-putting but still a guy everyone else in Elturel likes, that Reya likes, and that pays the party in advance, it actually does make it possible someone might not immediately assume he's a bad guy (especially if you keep the obvious "his shadow's a demon" thing.) The easiest fix as for why, is if at least one of the PCs isn't from Elturel but just passing through, have him toss some extra gold at them to take the Creed Resolute, but have him treat it as "an annoying piece of paperwork to make sure you get paid promptly," so that he's scoring an extra soul of or two, or just that he wants Reya to have some bodyguards on the trip to Baldur's Gate because it is still a potentially dangerous trip.
Honestly, I like that the two halves of the adventure are flawed in different, unique ways.
I hate beating up on the book, because it does a lot of things right, but the reason is that they didn't do a good proofreading or editing pass. Just seeing that things like Kreeg's title changing and not bothering to use the Flaming Fist's proper rank structure is enough to demonstrate that.
Honestly, I find the weird problems in adventure modules comforting because, hey, these people are being paid for it, and they can't be bothered to come up with more than, "Zodge executes them on the spot," so I feel like I'm WAY better as a GM than I give myself credit for.
If you can, you should, but players should know what's on their sheet.
"The only thing I can think of is to encourage people to take a role with no spells by giving them a bonus. Perhaps a free feat, free bonuses to stats, or even both." \-- Take the Ranger. A Free Feat is never going to compare with Goodberry and Hunter's Mark. I would never make that trade. Even if you let me start with DEX at 20 and a Free Feat. If you want a low magic world, where the PCs do not have ready made magical solutions, I think it would be better to find a different system than try and bend and break D&amp;D to fit what you want, because the assumption of magic as a balancing point for most classes is so vital to the system, you WILL break something trying to fiddle with it.
Probably by saying the players are special, and for them to keep in mind the stigma associated with openly casting magic. It's crude and simplistic, but if they ever publish Darksun (or if they did, and I ever read the setting book), I'm betting that's what they're going to do.
The Bard already has methods by which to learn spells from other classes (the Bardic feature or taking a feat). If they want it, have them use those methods.
There needs to be an index with NPC write ups. The thing I hate about Avernus is that NPC descriptions, motivations and blurbs are scattered throughout the book. I want to be able to flip to the back and read who someone is. If you're doing art, make it non-spoilery art on splash pages that I can show my players. What's the point of all the Curse of Strahd portraits that show things like "Oh, this character has an Imp familiar!" when we're trying to build trust? Give each faction a page with an insignia, list of major NPCs, ideals, etc. Put it ALL IN ONE PLACE IN THE BOOK. Basically, I'm saying: organize your book.
Make one shots. Make well, well crafted one-shots that end when the session ends, so that each adventure is like an episode of a self-contained cartoon series, and if he's not there, the narrative is not harmed at all. Option 2: Have the "He's just off screen dealing with something while you guys handle the main threat!" It's a hand wave that players should just accept.
Skip knocking them out, and I'd reverse the order. Skill Checks first (since there's no chance of things going terribly wrong and them dying), then the fight. Have the skill checks possibly help the fight (Perception to notice a trap, etc.), so that it is clear that SKILLS can HELP fights. I'd do it like this: Scene 1: Get job, negotiate pay, Scene 2: Road to dungeon, talk to other traveler to get information Scene 3: Outside Dungeon, chance to spot and disarm a simple trap, chance to explore Scene 4: Fight in Dungeon This covers all three pillars of adventuring (Social, Exploration and Combat), and it flows in a manner that is lower to higher stakes.
"But how long? Is it measured in months? Seasons? Years?" We used to have an answer for that! In the 3.0/3.5 books (and maybe in 4E, too? It might be in the 5E books somewhere...) there was an average starting age for adventurers. The answer, unfortunately, is going to be YEARS. They should get their stat bumps not by training with the PCs (otherwise, well, why aren't the PCs getting stat bumps by training with other people?) but through the raw mechanical way other people do. They simply aren't adventurers until they have the Standard Array or whatever stat block you deem appropriate. Once they ARE adventurers, swap the sheet. Since this is getting measured in years, it can just be an off screen, "And they grew up" montage. As for training costs: It should cost nothing but time, unless the PCs decide to charge them. Wizard PCs, for example, are not assumed to have spent hundreds of gold to become Wizards. EDIT: See the age section in the races ( [https://www.dndbeyond.com/sources/basic-rules/races](https://www.dndbeyond.com/sources/basic-rules/races) ) For humans, "late teens" is when they could feasibly be adventurers if we go by the book.
Yes. Plus it is just helpful when reading the module if a character hasn't been mentioned in awhile, then come up again, I either have to play skim the past 60 pages to find where they were introduced... or I could just go to a convenient index! I think a good way to think of it is to think of it that you have the adventure module half, that is mainly pure mechanics and plot explanations, then an encyclopedia half that has things like detailed NPC notes, etc.
Say "We're using Passive Perception for what you notice just by walking in. If you want to use time to search, that is Investigation or Perception, mattering how you're searching."
So, try and shift back to Caller/Response style of play. Try not to have your players ask "Can I use this Check on this Problem," but rather have them say, "I'm not sure I trust this character," and you say, "That calls for an Insight roll." The goal in this is to get your players to call, \*describe actions/interactions,\* while you adjudicate what they need to do mechanically to get a response.
So, here's where D&amp;D gets weird. A child is a different creature from a Veteran, Bandit, or Commoner. At some point, the kid becomes a different creature, and gets an entirely new stat block. PCs are special; they get their extra stats because they're created differently from everyone else in the world. You can explain HOW that works in your world, but in essence, they're just special. EDIT: I just realized... that's like when a young dragon gets older. There are no intermediary steps in D&amp;D. It's like using an evolution stone on a Pokemon. It just POOF is a new creature. D&amp;D sure is weird! So, how can you mechanically figure this out? I'd recommend create the start and end points (like someone else said). Then , figure out your time. Let's say it is 5 years, and you need to turn a kid into a druid. Divide that up into whatever discrete amount you want (I'd say for standard adventuring, a season is good, so you have 20 milestones). At each milestone, ask the players if they're willing to use X of Downtime to train. If so, slide the milestone up one, and see what changes are needed to move you one of 20 slots or however many, closer to turning Kid to Druid. What this also means is you could add extra milestones so you could make the kids ACTUALLY grow to be better than the current generation (they're standing on the shoulders of giants)... provided the players spend enough time training them, or if they neglect them, they may actually miss out on vital class features at Level 1. I'd make the later parts of the milestone the more fantastic stuff. Like, learn a cantrip, would be a late milestone, while, get +1 in a stat would be an early one. Sounds like a lot of work though, and if the kids are going to just be safely off screen the whole time, best to just hand wave it.
You just think about it. A lot. I reject probably 5 or 6 ideas per idea I keep. I start by, actually, here. This is the first thing I did. I made a World Book: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/18-FADcHnk1AAgUINnNWeuff9GNQ7NassWGeDi2yTGXY/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18-FADcHnk1AAgUINnNWeuff9GNQ7NassWGeDi2yTGXY/edit?usp=sharing) This is vital, as it creates a living world. If you aren't homebrewing, you just need something like the NPC report in FFT or Tactics Ogre, which I had one somewhere... like this: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/14PWR2wEnMDeM6a8bueaJpQ803K8ElrNaYlKERPRchYs/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14PWR2wEnMDeM6a8bueaJpQ803K8ElrNaYlKERPRchYs/edit?usp=sharing) (Note I stopped updating this because...) You then need to be able to keep track of major plots... this is what I did: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J085zGjPOWxsh-jlITEc4dsg846kmkhKdLvudBe5q3I/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J085zGjPOWxsh-jlITEc4dsg846kmkhKdLvudBe5q3I/edit?usp=sharing) Once I realized that this basically duplicated the NPC list, I focused more here than there. Then, you should keep recap notes. Here are mine from that same campaign, note that some are VERY detailed, because those are the start or end of story arcs where decisions mattered, and others are breezy "you went through a dungeon" affairs: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O19L\_wWlmtxp-kfrnyzR2M9OtSYnJIFPuzku\_eVYCqM/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O19L_wWlmtxp-kfrnyzR2M9OtSYnJIFPuzku_eVYCqM/edit?usp=sharing) Once you have your adventure drafted, I organize it something like this: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QVvafpbTK8dKSzzromvPwWggIP1a4ySiSoPQxDqVq3Q/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QVvafpbTK8dKSzzromvPwWggIP1a4ySiSoPQxDqVq3Q/edit?usp=sharing) I basically treat the adventure like a dungeon, with players able to from place to place based on their decisions (I think other places call it node design; I think of them like Adventure Dungeons.) Hand outs are helpful too! Here's the handout I gave to the characters for the first session: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pxsPfcRoqW0mkIkAoJ6xyM6IvYSncRpgzcABL-VHMU0/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pxsPfcRoqW0mkIkAoJ6xyM6IvYSncRpgzcABL-VHMU0/edit?usp=sharing) &amp;#x200B; Now, unfortunately, most of my notes are handwritten or typed over, so I can't really show the process. But, hopefully, this gives an idea of medium to high prep.
Yes; the government should not have that power because it can get things wrong, and given how frequently we've found out they get it wrong, that seems to me to be a valid concern. It is easier to just say no than go through the trouble and cost of creating a system that lets the government kill people we "know are guilty."
I recommend two files; one that is PC information, and a second with DM information. Stat Blocks are definitely a must, because you never know when a PC will decide to punch someone.
As a GM/Keeper, you need to accept a certain "failure state." At that point, just declare that the adventure is complete and start a new one. Or, start a new adventure in the new world after a reset that gives you time to accept the new reality. You generally need to play for small stakes at the start; D&amp;D's expanding influence (local, regional, national, worldwide, multiverse) is good, but CoC usually doesn't do that. So, I'd start with a small scale; like, the people in THIS remote manorhouse are in danger. Then the nearby small town; the neighboring township/city; a major metropolitan area; end the world. This way the failure dominoes can move to bigger and bigger stakes, while also increasing the area for the players to explore as they become more comfortable with the world (even if it is just the PLAYERS becoming more comfortable, because their investigator is now dead.)
Imagine a hub game, like Mega Man. Have the players come back to a central point after every "level" to see how that changes the world.
Things they know about the character. They should be factual statements. Like: "You spoke with Jim in New York; he said he was looking or his wife and daughter." Include a physical description or art if you have it. The important thing here is none of this can be lies or misdirection. Take that previous statement. That's a good one about Jim. This one is bad: "In New York, Jim was looking for his wife and daughter." Notice the subtle difference? With the second, if it turns out Jim is an assassin trying to kill the woman in the picture he shows the PCs, they'll feel cheated, because the "fact sheet" you gave them lied to them. Then, have a section for the players to edit for their personal notes. Like: "Jim didn't seem trustworthy." EDIT: Any time you can get the PLAYERS to take notes is good. Because, maybe you did something that made Jim seem untrustworthy... but if you, as the Word of God, write that, then Jim IS Untrustworthy. If a Player writes it, well, maybe it is true, maybe it isn't!
This is really good. Every NPC I make, I try to give a good one sentence, simple sentence that conveys enough information almost anyone can DM that character to be \*roughly\* close enough for the adventure to work, usually in a "Name IS a \[emotional state\] Race Class/Job \[motivation\]." So, "Worf is a frustrated Klingon Security Officer trying to find out what happened in the transporter room." Almost everyone who would run that adventure can look at it and almost all of them will play Worf consistently enough; more important characters get more write up, but anyone the adventure intends for a PC to interact with should have that much level of detail at a minimum, even if it is, "Joey is a Human innkeeper who is trying to earn an honest living."
This is a lesson learned, but next time, whenever starting a new campaign, hold what is commonly called Session 0. It is here you make the ground rules for what is to be legal at the table, and to give you a chance to look at odd or new character concepts to give you a chance to say yay or nay. UA content is explicitly playtest content that may not be balanced; I assumed with your description you and the player were missing a limitation that it required X charges per short or long rest or used the Fighter's Second Wind or other ability. If it is unbalanced, which without playing I can't say for certain if it is or isn't (my gut says IS though if there's no limit on it), feel free to say that you tried it, you didn't like it. Go here [https://dnd.wizards.com/articles/unearthed-arcana/unearthed-arcana-fighter-rogue-and-wizard](https://dnd.wizards.com/articles/unearthed-arcana/unearthed-arcana-fighter-rogue-and-wizard) for more on UA!
Right; mainly because I know that some players are good at taking notes, some not. That's why I usually do a pass to make sure I only put in factual statements and leave it as neutral as possible to not accidentally color a view of an NPC by my word choice. Usually I don't print it as a handout, I just leave it up as a Google Drive for reference.
[https://roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Lich#content](https://roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Lich#content) Let's look at what a Lich can do. This is just a basic, non story lich! Scrying, alone, is great. Look into your party's wants. They want power? What kind? Have him promise to use his Scrying power to find them the thing they're looking for. A lich is also a powerful enough caster to have made a phylactery; have the lich agree to make a wondrous magic item appropriate for their level (but note that this will take time after he's freed; it can even be an adventure hook, where he asks them to bring him the reagent he needs to make their neat item, so you could even have him promise them an item more appropriate to a level 4 or 5 team, since their fetch quest will bring them up there.)
It sounds like you're asking for basic narrative advice. I recommend reading up on: The Three Act Structure ( [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three-act\_structure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three-act_structure) ) Dramatic Structure ( [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dramatic\_structure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dramatic_structure) ) And, people might laugh at this, go watch some old 80s adventure cartoons, like GI Joe, or even Power Rangers episode. Look at how every adventure/episode follows a fairly predictable pattern. What you're trying to do is learn how to tell a story effectively, and odds are, you already know how to do that, you just need help taking that knowledge into action. That homework assignment should cover the big, general points. Is there also a more specific or narrow question?
What is the point of the trip? sometimes the trip IS the adventure, other times, it is enough to say, "You spent X days on the road with your companions; there was no danger, and you arrive at Y." Long travel times are an excellent time to have quiet moments where they get to talk to their NPC companions. Have a scene here or there, like one of the PCs is on watch with the NPC; give them a chance to connect.
If this is no longer fun for you, tell them that. This doesn't sound like a fun experience; you're at the table to have fun too.
Mattering how close you want to hew to classic Mindflayerness ( [https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Mind\_flayer](https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Mind_flayer) ) just wanting to have access to people to enslave is a good enough motivation for most of these evil creatures. I would make it a more out of the way town than a major town, since mind flayers probably don't want to be TOO close to scrutiny, even if they think that there's no way some puny human/humanoid will see through their plan.
You can toss out all of the racial stuff from the FR wiki if you want to make things work better. But, say you want to keep that. Ok, so what would goblins DO in this situation? My thoughts on a realistic approach, you can use the goblins as sort of a demilitarized zone. They are useful to most of the other goblinoids in some capacity, but they also like their independent ability to trade with any of the races. Have them serve as a buffer between these other societies as neutral arbiters; even if you keep these races as evil, they probably don't want to spend all their time and energy murdering each other. Enter the Lawful Evil Goblin diplomat state, which serves as the place for your evil goblinoids to sue for peace and satisfaction in a place where they won't be immediately killed. Then, just place their cities and villages between the others, acting as a trade and political hub. By shifting the goblins to Lawful Evil, you can even use them as the border with the non-evil races, since while, yes, they're evil, the fact they're Lawful means they are less likely to just openly go to war, so the non-evil races are more likely to want to deal with them than a Neutral or Chaotic Evil race/city.
So, on Create Bonfire, as written: "You create a bonfire on ground that you can see within range. Until the spell ends, the magic bonfire fills a 5-foot cube. Any creature in the bonfire’s space when you cast the spell must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take 1d8 fire damage. A creature must also make the saving throw when it moves into the bonfire’s space for the first time on a turn or ends its turn there. The bonfire ignites flammable objects in its area that aren’t being worn or carried." If the door was flammable, then yes. I would say this was ruled correctly (Create Bonfire, like the move earth cantrip, are among the most frustrating cantrips in 5E because they negate so much of the environmental interaction at absolutely no resource cost, but, technically, yes. They could burn a door with it if the door is flammable.) You COULD find the HP of the door ( [https://www.dndbeyond.com/sources/basic-rules/running-the-game#HitPoints](https://www.dndbeyond.com/sources/basic-rules/running-the-game#HitPoints) ), I'd say it is a Resilient Medium Object (18 HP average), so about four or five rounds to burn through. A DC 15 Dex Check is \[EDIT: classified as Medium, but in essence, very hard due to people not having proficiency in DEX Saves\]; I don't think that it is that to carefully walk across a platform as wide as a door, even if it is somewhat unstable. I'd just get rid of the check here. They came up with a creative solution, let them enjoy it and not feel like the trap is out to get them no matter what.
It probably only does in academic sense; someone who has a good Dex save probably also has good Dex skill checks. There are a few weird corner cases it might make a difference (like Jack of All Trades applying for Skill Checks but not Saving Throws).
Enough to have an adventure. Ok, ok, ok. That was a cheeky response. What you need is a plot. You do NOT need an entire world created for your first session. It might help, but, really, you just need enough that you can wing it. I recommend starting in NOT a major city, because a major city is cosmopolitan. Imagine if our world was a campaign world. If your players start in New York, you need to know A LOT about the world, compared to if they start on a river boat in the Amazon. You need to know who your characters are; if there are no elves in the party, congrats. You don't have to write about where they come from or any of that jazz. Skip it for now. You then need a PROBLEM for the players to be solving. It is ok if after being presented with the problem, your session goes somewhere else. But for a first session, you should give players a couple of obvious paths with giant, blinking arrows that say, "GO HERE FOR ADVENTURE." You should know about how long you're going to play, and then plot enough encounters and events to fill that time, plus about one hour, knowing some events will probably be ignored. That's my disorganized "what you need to start notes." Your first session doesn't have to hook into an epic plotline. It is perfectly fine for some variant of "there's an orc in the abandoned castle" to get the party's feet wet.
I imagine like most races, they probably live in all of those, and adapt to their location. The ones in the grasslands are probably the nomadic, tribal shamans, chasing after whatever it is they hunt, while the hills/mountains ones are the more politically established ones.
"Since you are X, you know Y," is the DM's greatest friend. I imagine with the verbal backstory, you're going to get a lot more use out of the Gazzeteer than most people do, right?
So, you'll probably hear about the Three Clue Rule, which you probably know about murders. Approach the same way with a stolen item. But, I also generally say, you should be able to get your clues through the three different pillars of adventure. Exploration is the most common; you investigate, you pull on books to open the secret passageway, etc. Social is also common, and if you fall back on combat, it's PROBABLY because you had to have a man burst in with a gun to move the plot along. As for Red Herrings: I agree with the others are saying. Do not plan them; Red Herrings work in tight detective fiction because the detective misinterprets a fact that they have and draws a bad conclusion. In D&amp;D, your players are the detectives. If you deliberately try to trick them, that's not a red herring.
Barbarians and Paladins lose a LOT out of this. If this is your planned way forward, I'd recommend finding a way to reskin Barbarians and Paladins to let them use their Smite and Barbarian Rage features with ranged weapons. Maybe create fancy great bows like Odysseus had that only the mightiest can pull back while in a rage, and give the Paladins a more potent, divine powder, to load in their weapons, or literal Silver Bullets (it gets weird in that they decide if they used a Silver Bullet AFTER seeing if it hits, so it is both loaded and not loaded, but, whatever.)
"What are some amazing mechanics that could get my party across a bridge that is a portal between the planes?" \-- Let's approach this like it is an Encounter. There probably isn't a Combat resolution to this, so that means we have to rely on Social and Exploration. So, what does this bridge do, mechanically? Well, it protects people walking between planes, something you normally need to Plane Shift or use other powerful magic for. Walking on this path is dangerous, because many things that live between the planes or on the Astral Plane do NOT like things from the prime material plane. Think of it like a little environmental bubble or tunnel, and try and create the feeling of walking through an underground tunnel where you can see into the ocean, only the ocean is the Astral Plane, and some of the things there may want to eat you if they notice you. EXPLORATION SOLUTION Let your knowledge people shine here. Give Arcane, Religion and Nature checks a way to help them navigate across. The idea here is that the bridge is a portal between planeS, not just these two planes. They need to navigate to the correct place; mattering on your characters' levels, spells can help here too. You can't really make a map of the Astral Plane, so you need non-traditional exploration here. Use Charisma or spells to force the path to go the way you want (exerting your will on the Astral Plane or the dream path that is the rainbow); contest checks with the hag who is trying to keep you from reaching her. This should feel like a dramatic bit of push and pull, as she tries to redirect the path to some Kill Plane like an Elemental Plane Of You All Die, while you try to steer it in the right direction. You can add a combat bit if your party lacks the skills by making there be some focus that she uses to redirect the path instead. SOCIAL SOLUTION They're trying to navigate the Astral plane; they may have the ability to talk to someone or something that already does that. Detection spells should be great here; they should be able to try and reach out to friendly astral creatures to get a guide, or even unfriendly extraplanar creatures who might guide them for a price. This is your chance to introduce all those weird extraplanar creatures you've always wanted to, but you just couldn't because they stubbornly refused to walk the planes.
Behold, my Google-fu: [https://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/comments/452r6r/a\_massive\_and\_growing\_resource\_of\_random\_tables/](https://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/comments/452r6r/a_massive_and_growing_resource_of_random_tables/)
So, railroading is a touchy subject. The best way to do this is to remember that D&amp;D is meant to be something of a feedback loop. The GM describes a situation, a player or multiple players describe their response or query about the situation, the GM adjudicates (either through simple storytelling or by consulting the game system’s rules), describes the new situation, and presents to the players for how they want to proceed. Repeat until the game ends. If the players are not engaging in that feedback loop, then you just need to narrate, "you ignore the situation; \[THING HAPPENS\]. What would you like to do?" If the answer is "rest for the night," that happens, and you start with, "In the morning, you complete your preparations for the meeting. Is there anything you want to do specifically before going?" It takes a while for players to get they have both AGENCY and CONSEQUENCES from that agency.
You've taken the first right step in acknowledging that \*riddles are meant to be solved.\* Even ones in famous riddle contests, etc., it isn't a riddle if it doesn't have the context clues to solve it. What you need to do is make sure that: A) You supply the right context clues B) That you have Knowledge rolls available just in case the player looks at your nifty solar system but doesn't realize that "points of light" could mean the stars, or some how misses something more esoteric than that, like if you refer to Zeus and the player doesn't get that that should hint to Jupiter, but the character would.
Conveniently, I believe Barbarians still get faster movement from some of their paths, and Paladins eventually get Find Steed, so you could also just accept that players choosing those classes understand their handicap.
That's one way to view it. The world is going to keep on keeping on with or without the PCs. Make sure that not all of these consequences are bad for them. Hell, one gang establishing control over an area might change a tense, shooting gang war into a simple small toll (or, let's face it, gangs probably don't attack people armed as well as the PCs, and skip on trying to shake them down.) Sometimes, doing nothing should be fine.
Determine your time commitment. If you have other hobbies, two campaigns may very well be a bad idea, if it leaves you no time to do other things you like (let alone if it cuts into things more important than D&amp;D, like raiding in your MMO of choice. I kid, like actual important things, like work, family, etc.) Running two campaigns at the same time can be draining mattering on how high prep you are. I'd run one as a one-shot first and see how your timing goes; pick the one to run as a one-shot that has someone else in the group who's be willing to DM if you can't keep up with the time commitment for two campaigns.
Counterpoint: Your players get to decide who their god is. For most situations dealing with raw game mechanics, conversation and compromise is going to reach a better solution than "I'm the DM god; my way goes."
You will be amazed how players reach conclusions. What's going to be funny is if you ask them about this, if they didn't realize paying the fee was an option because they either just assumed they couldn't or didn't check to see if they could afford it (or if you told them they could afford it, they just assumed if they paid it, they'd STILL get impounded, so figured, why pay if they were going to get stuck anyway.)
Right. Also, if your player just looks lost at something you said, go ahead and explain it a different way. This is really helpful when you have a character who knows something that the player doesn't. I had a character who was a French Literature expert in some CoC game, and so I had to occasionally say, "That is a reference to X" since I knew it (after all, these were pre-genned characters, so OBVIOUSLY that skill was valuable), but they didn't. If understanding something is vital to the solution, and the CHARACTER would get it, explain it or just say, "Using the color wheel, you'd mix blue and yellow to get green," if for some reason the player doesn't know what you think is common knowledge.
I'm not familiar with those UA rules, but, just from basic military tactics on what should boost "morale," which actually looks like general effectiveness, you should focus on: * Battle Prep. You've got good stuff here. You're basically good. * Force Concentration. Basically, I'd divide the "siege" into areas like a dungeon map. The army with a stronger Force Concentration in an area gets a boost, because that's generally how things work in real life. * Lines of Communication. With Magic, this may be simplified, but without it, coordinating a siege is hard work. Same with a defense. If the players want to give orders, they better come up with a way to send (and receive!) battlefield updates. * Objectives. This will feel video game-y, but, your players are the heroes here. The siege scenario should last X amount of before the "state of the battle" updates narratively, and it's in that time that the players should be moving about the map completing objectives. Weigh the objectives; plugging a break in the wall is important; killing the orc general's pet manticore that's ripping up your archers and siege weaponry, maybe more? The State of the Battle should update during Short and Long Rests, which is basically just a narrative shift in each "dungeon" map where your forces go from equally matched, to winning or losing to Lost or Won. Lost zones need to be re-taken by reaching a Win an adjacent zone, and as the side that is winning pushes the other back, they may end up spread thinner, but the other team is also getting disorganized (routing soldiers rushing into your formation is VERY DEMORALIZING). There should be a Victory and Loss condition. Maybe, hold the line for X rounds OR defeat the general OR push the enemy back and control an additional X zones, and the city should fall given an equally dire situation.
There are three general ways to get players together in an adventure. 1. The Lazy Way: "You guys know each other. Figure it out when you roll up your characters and let me know." 2. In Media Res (not used correctly): "You're in Location X. Y happens" -- where Y is something that forces them to work together, like a fire, a bandit attack, a person walks into the room riddled with bullets, a storm tosses your ship onto a deserted island, etc. 3. The Standard Way: "You have been hired to do X; you met the rest of the party and are now at Y to do Z." In this case, I'd say you can get away easily with just saying "Whatever character you make, make them someone who'd take a job on the frontier." Or, maybe make the players all part owners of their own company, and let them figure out what convinced them all to throw in together.
" They'll see a figure in the distance that will blow a horn and they'll be surrounded by humans that will attack them. They'll eventually fall to the humans (they are level 1 and too many of them for them to safely win) while vines wrap around all of them. When they die they wake back up on the ship. " \-- Narrate this as a nightmare, do NOT play out a scene where the players are supposed to lose, especially as the first encounter of a new campaign. It is generally frustrating to the player.
Here's my favorite 5E screw up of mine. I was reading through one of the quick start or whatever at 5E's release. It said something about proficiency with saving throws as "Having this gives an advantage to making a save." For something like three months, I assumed players who were proficient in a saving throw had advantage in that save, and could not figure out why Save or Suck magic was so wimpy. I still cannot live that mistake down.
Having a Long Sword should not have given an NPC a bonus on intimidate (can your Sorcerer get a bonus by picking up a weapon?) In general, I think your player just needed to vent, and hoped to be able to vent anonymously. Since you talked about it, problem solved! In the future though, social rolls vs. players are very, very hard. You can tell a player they feel a certain way, but you should avoid dictating how they act (unless magic is involved). Even if someone passes a Deception v Insight against the player, don't say, "You believe them," say "Your character sees nothing that you immediately find untrue." Your player may STILL be an untrustworthy so-and-so. That's fine. But, remember, this should be true of NPCs too! There's no amount of persuasion that will make some people do some things short of magic. If a player tries to, say, persuade a man to sell his child into slavery, he should just say no. Don't even let the roll happen. But, make sure this sometimes BENEFITS the players too. If there's a particularly cowardly, sniveling recurring villain? Let ANYONE intimidate him in some situations.
Xanathars, hands down, if I have to pick between the two. Giving Monks and Sorcerers extra subclass options is way more valuable than the monsters.
For 1 and 2, I'd just not explain it mechanically. For 3, I just would let them keep the XP so they don't feel like the last sessions were a waste. What are you going to do if the first session in the story arc someone dies? Imagine worst case scenario; first combat, some one gets crit, goes down. The party doesn't bring them back up, one death fail. They say, "don't worry, I've got two saves, finish up the fight," critical fail on death saving throw. They die. First encounter.
Characters using bows/crossbows/ranged attacks already have the best effective To Hit rate. They don't really need any more ways to hit better.
I mean, it is one of those things that, like, sure, I guess you can do it, but like most comedy, if it isn't in someone's wheelhouse, it just comes off as "Oh, you're being gross and shocking to be shocking and gross. How edgy." I'd just roll my eyes and move on.
In the cosmology of standard D&amp;D, that's still a no go, because it further empowers Evil gods, which actively threaten the multiverse with being overrun with actual, physical Evil.
TL;DR: Action Economy is how many Actions you get to do compared to your opponent. D&amp;D assumes 4-6 PCs against creatures that have a certain amount of actions. If you put only 1 PC in that same encounter, they are taking significantly fewer actions. Longer explanation below (copy and pasted from a video I made discussing the concept, skipping the introduction where I talk about what is a heuristic). ---- So, my most basic heuristic is Action Economy (or Action Efficiency), which states: It is generally the right choice to take the option that gives you the most actions. This isn’t always true; sometimes a single powerful action is better than multiple worse actions. But, if you’re struggling to decide what to do, taking more actions is almost always a good decision compared to taking fewer. So, what, exactly, is Action Economy in practice? Most people listening know the general play pattern in chess is each turn, you move one piece. There’s one rule that lets you get around this restriction, casting. Castling let’s you move two pieces instead of a single piece; two actions to your opponent’s one. That’s Action Economy at the most basic level. You can also look for ways to restrict your opponent’s Action Economy through actions that limit your opponent’s ability to respond. Using chess again, Discovered Check, or Revealed Check, is when by moving one piece, a piece it was obstructing now threatens the opponent’s king. You’ve advanced your position, and your opponent cannot immediately respond to the piece that moved; that piece is free to strike or make a trade on your next turn, because your opponent must respond to the revealed check. Pretty much every instance of Action Economy can be thought of in these two ways (gaining efficiency through taking more actions than your opponent—like Castling; or restricting your opponent’s efficiency by forcing them to respond to your actions—like Revealed Check.) To learn how to apply the Castling variant of Action Economy, maximizing your own actions, I recommend cooperative games like Pandemic and Forbidden Desert. They are variants on the same theme of the team working together to stop various disasters while trying to collect certain tokens to take to a spot to turn in for victory—in a very abstract way. Each player takes a role at the start of the game. In that role, they are more efficient at certain actions, or break the Action Economy in some way. You’re going to very quickly learn how to maximize your Action Economy, or you will lose. The Revealed Check version of Action Economy is a bit more advanced and most applicable where you are directly head-to-head with an opponent—miniature war games like Warhammer, worker placement games like Agricola, economic engine games like Power Grid, and card games like Magic: The Gathering will have loads of chances to develop your boardstate and demand a response. The similar play pattern for all these games is that in each round, actions can only be done so many times and the order actions are taken changes their value, again, roughly, abstractly. You can gain Action Economy by forcing your opponent to use their limited resources to respond to a move you made that delays their original plans, such as by threatening to control key resources or presenting a threat or victory condition.
It probably would be easier to change what she's fighting or give her Hirelings/NPC friends that help in combat.
If she's new to the genre, I'd go ahead and give her a typical, balanced party (Cleric, Wizard, Fighter, Rogue) or as close to that building around her chosen class. If she ISN'T the Rogue, just get rid of traps though, so that the Rogue only exists to show off its combat capabilities and doesn't drag the adventure to a halt with you rolling against yourself for traps. In fact, in general, all three of her companions should be basically yes men. Mattering on the setting, you may make them literal automatons that are basically just magical robot bodyguards for her with no personality so they don't steal the show; either have her run the characters in combat, or have her give them very generic commands and move them very quickly and not optimally so the focus stays on her character, but she still gets to see what a cantrip is, what a cleric can do, what a sneak attack is, etc.
[https://roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Armor#content](https://roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Armor#content) &lt;-- The time for donning and doffing armor is here, and I assume in the PHB and Beyond as well.
Poor Boopsy.
I guess it matters what we mean by feeling; I don't think you could tell someone they were in love, or they hated someone, but there are certain instinctual things, like people are generally disconcerted when they see things not possible, or how a lot of real life creatures have a natural dislike of getting close to edges when they're high off the ground, and the like. Just because you FEEL a certain way in a given situation doesn't dictate how you act though. It's whether you view certain emotions (like the instinct/fear that triggers fight or flight) as a decision by a person or like being hot or cold. I'm generally ok with "initial emotional reaction" being something described, "Seeing the corpses is disconcerting; what do you do?" Or: "The man's presence makes you uncomfortable with his closeness to your personal space." The thing is that the emotion described has to be a very human, initial level feeling that isn't so powerfully overriding it negates an action a player makes and doesn't force mechanical interactions.
Exactly. The best way to stop metagaming is to just change monsters and when describing them, not say, "It's a hydra... but I changed things, mwa ha ha." Because, let's say the player rolls poorly. Are they not allowed to use fire, even if fire is a reasonable thing to try on most monsters? How long after failing the roll do you make them wait until they're allowed to try something else? It just gets messy, so I prefer to go around rather than through the problem.
I generally lean into backgrounds for social/roleplay bonuses, but not mechanical boons. Because once your smith can make a weapon that has +1 to hit, you've started the mechanical arms race with inflating stats... and you haven't even started the game yet. Instead, have the smith be aware of or part of a regional guild. Have him sometimes get commissions during his downtime if he pursues that craft/hobby while adventuring, and maybe now and then seed a plot hook to one of those commissions, like, "The local lord wants you to create several hundred silver arrows before the next full moon to help in the fight against THING WEAK TO SILVER."
Yeah; the important thing with DM burnout is that a lot of times we forget *we're at the table to have fun too.* Yes, we like creating worlds/adventures/etc., but it has to stay fun. Good luck!
They knew when they signed up they'd be playing together, and you'd find a way to make them work together. This is one of those things that PCs just have to accept as part of the deal. The more elegantly they do it the better; for example, if neither the bounty hunter or wizard are particularly charismatic, it makes sense for no one to want to be their partner. It's the first episode of a story, where the contrived coincidence that brings everyone together is the easiest to accept, especially if it doesn't have to be TOO contrived.
If you start a combat in the window that she's going to leave, just be up front when the combat starts that since she'll be ducking out soon, to minmize disruption, ask if she minds just not being part of the battle. Let her do all the other stuff at the table players do when it isn't their turn, but just avoid the situation where you're two turns in and it is time for her to go.
When you say work, do you mean mechanically, or do you mean what is the in-world explanation for what magic is?
Oh, thank God. That's way easier to explain. You have two "kinds" of casters. Prepared and Spontaneous. Prepared casters choose from a list of spells known (for most Divine Prepared Casters, this is Every Spell in the Book that their God would let them, which is pretty much all the spells; for most Arcane Prepared Casters, it is from what is usually referred to as their Spellbook, which they can add to as they adventure.) Prepared casters have so many slots per level; for example, at 1st level, you have 2 slots for 1st level spells. Note that character and spell level are different. What this means is that a Prepared Caster can prep a certain number of spells in a day, and cast any combination of them up to the total slots they have for that day. So, you might have Bless, Cure, Guiding Bolt, Animal Friendship and Speak with Animals prepared as a Cleric, but you only get to cast two 1st level spells in the day (including casting the same spell twice.) For Spontaneous casters, they can cast any combination of spells they know up to their slots per day. Spells with the Ritual Tag, may be cast "as a ritual" for a time cost that does not use a spell slot.
For Curse of Strahd, yes; have you been to the CoS subreddit? They do a LOT to help with the prep for that.
Heck, I auto through the story and just pay attention during the cut scenes. I haven't needed to manual control the story since... maybe the scene with Helena and the switches?
Ah, FF6. The one game I've tried to low-level game with, and made it through at average party level 7 or 8? Maybe 9? I forget how bad Mog screwed up our average level.
You're welcome! Good luck! The rules for how many spells a prepared spell caster can prepare is generally in their class section, but, it is also generally: Your Spellcasting Modifier (generally Wisdom (Clerics/Druids) or Intelligence (Wizards)) plus your level in that spellcasting class. Note that Cleric and Druid domains/subclass features also give them certain spells as always prepared that don't count towards what the character chooses to prepare.
Ok. Now that we've looked at Stealthy and determined it is just borked up in Beyond. Let's answer your question. +17, +15 and +12 are \*all wrong\* I think. Stealthy is essentially giving you Expertise on Stealth. So, you have your Proficiency + Proficiency + Stat. Compare Stealthy to Sleight of Hand (which the character also has Expertise in). I think +10 is the actual, correct modifier here. The +9 without Stealthy makes sense since you'd lose a point from DEX. EDIT: An easy homebrew fix? Remove the current iteration of Stealthy, homebrew a Stealthy feat that gives +1 Dexterity and Expertise on Stealth since the character is already proficient with it. The third bullet doesn't need to have any mechanical representation on the homebrew feat tab in Beyond, just the reminder text.
The twist is OK; the lead in is the problem. Add in more clues to help make the twist seem more natural and more chances for them to say "how did we miss this?" Instead of: "how were we supposed to know this?"
Not being very familiar with Beholders, I'd think you'd want to look at things Beholders normally have, and sprinkle them around the demiplane. Have spots where there are glitches and they can see what it really looks like, and let them dispel areas.
Not my campaign; that's why I wanted the character link. Once we got that (below), it became clear the feat was implemented incorrectly in Beyond.
Actually, I think I get what is happening. Whoever made the feat probably had it add Proficiency and Stat again (+7) instead of granting Expertise.
Rangers have spell slots and various other actions (do I attack the thing that's hurt to get my Colossal Hunter whatever bonus, or do I switch targets to the thing threatening my friend?) for example. If they're new to D&amp;D, are they also new to your table? If so, you've done a new character a disservice by starting them at a level that high with lots of options. If they are overwhelmed, putting them on a clock is only going to make them MORE overwhelmed; you need to find out why they're being slow. Some people are slow because they're looking for the perfect move; speeding them up is fine. Some people are slow because \*they have no idea what their options are or how to evaluate the D&amp;D combat situation.\* That's a system mastery problem that can be done by spending time helping that player learn their character more.
Don't give up. If he's nice and you like having him at the table, engage with him. It's entirely possible you'll ask him what he wants, and his answer is, "I like playing games with my friends; you guys are my friends. D&amp;D is a game," and he is perfectly fine with his current level of engagement. If he wants more engagement, find out what engages him. For example, he's lawful good. A hit job from the thieves guild is NOT going to get him intrigued. A Good King contacting him to assassinate an evil noble that secretly worships a Dark God that the King has dirt on, but can't prosecute for fear of ripping the realm asunder in a political schism? THAT'S a Lawful Good Assassination job.
The same way you get to Carnegie Hall: Practice. But, you also need to listen to feedback, both in what players tell you, and in how they actually interact. Players, like consumers of most media, only vaguely are aware of what they actually want. Here's the simplest guidepost that you're doing OK: your players came back. If the players are coming back, you're doing something right. The two things to do, in my mind, to make yourself a better DM are to learn the rules so sessions aren't slowed down by you having to go to the books as often, and to thoroughly understand your adventure so that they remain internally consistent and the plots flow naturally without adventures that reach dead ends. You don't need to do wacky accents or props; you just need to make sure a player doesn't stop and say: "Wait, isn't Riva blonde?" Or: "Wait, I thought Elrik was an Elf?" Your players should never be stuck; if they are, feel free to have a man with a gun kick in the door, as Chandler would say.
Make sure every character your players interact with has an identity and motivation. Use a simple sentence: "Worf is a frustrated Klingon Security officer trying to find out what happened on the transporter deck" tells you everything you need to start improving that encounter, even if Worf did not exist until a player said, "I find the first security officer to question about what happened." Improv is taking the situation and characters at hand and making them make sense.
Yeah, a timer is a fine solution for "not paying attention."
One last thing: If your players do something completely off the wall, it is ok to say, "Give me a second to figure out how that works." Taking a minute to breathe is \*fine.\*
If you have Xanathar's on Beyond, this link should get you the RAW approach: [https://www.dndbeyond.com/sources/xgte/downtime-revisited#CraftinganItem](https://www.dndbeyond.com/sources/xgte/downtime-revisited#CraftinganItem) You would probably want to look at the Lifestyle Expenses (I found it first on Roll20 [https://roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Expenses#content](https://roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Expenses#content) ) to determine what you should pay a seamstress, who is probably a skilled artisan, but not at the same pay scale as a jeweler, blacksmith or glassblower. Clothes cost mattering on their type ( [https://www.dndbeyond.com/equipment?filter-search=clothes&amp;filter-cost-min=&amp;filter-cost-max=&amp;filter-weight-min=&amp;filter-weight-max=](https://www.dndbeyond.com/equipment?filter-search=clothes&amp;filter-cost-min=&amp;filter-cost-max=&amp;filter-weight-min=&amp;filter-weight-max=) )
Guilds are an important part of medieval city life. I'd recommend getting familiar with them if doing this (or at least, getting familiar with the fantasy equivalent idea of guilds. Look at the Guild Artisan/Merchant backgrounds for some details.)
Cheese, Green Berets for HP, and a lot of saving and loading (up until you get to the Veldt)
Like, the analogy falls apart in WoW or FF14 very quickly when you realize \*I can farm infinite X.\* In the real world, there is not infinite X.
Let's start with your main assumption: " In fact there are running simulations of unregulated markets right now available to everybody for free. " In what way is an MMO economy where one has to pay a subscription to be a part of and which artificially throttles your ability to deal across servers or factions an unregulated market? Define an unregulated market; make it apply to an MMO. Pick one; I'm fairly conversant in most of the major ones. You also clearly don't understand supply and demand with this statement: " Long time elitists with more in game currency than they know what to do with, and new players trying to catch up that can't afford to purchase a single fucking thing off the auction house because the *cheapest* shit that used to cost like 20 Silver per stack, is now 2000 gold per stack. " If those stacks weren't selling at 2k gold... the price would go down. They're selling at that \*because people buy it,\* mainly established players buying things for their alts or new friends/guild members trying to get established on a new server. Now, look at what you say here: " If there isn't any more to be produced, then the only way to post a profit for your investors is to make cuts to other spending. " Except, in MMOs... there is always the capacity to make more of a good, because except in limited cases, goods and materials can be farmed at a set rate, or botted to essentially infinity.
&gt;A FREE market without regulation leads to a monopoly. That is untrue; in fact, in a truly unregulated market with zero laws, people would just shamelessly steal products and IP, and it would become a bidding war for who could do it the cheapest, and things like supply chains and delivery would determine that for many places.
Who buried the Lala? EDIT: On a serious note, when it comes to farming, to show another way this market analogy fails, you have to put in significant time, energy, and money to make a potato. In FF14, I can farm hundreds of potatos in a half an hour. *I can have an army of bots farm tens of thousands of potatos in half an hour.* Scarcity and resources mean practically nothing for 90+% of craftable materials in MMOs.
There was some whining. It was just early enough in the game's lifecycle that it probably just didn't have as many people to whine.
So, it looks like you want to make an item that scales with the party. Luckily, you picked an easy one! There was an old feat (who knows? Maybe there's one in 5E I don't remember) that let you change the elemental damage type of spells. That means that a thing like Lightning Ball or Cold Bolt are mechanically things D&amp;D is OK with. That makes this item super easy. Have it open up new spell levels at the point PCs are getting access to new spell levels, and allow the user to "up cast" lower level spells using extra charges. In fact, kill charges, use spell slots for it so it is more intuitive.
Creating an army actually IS the endgame for a lot of classes, especially if you look at D&amp;D's origins. You deal with it by letting them do it, and if they don't realize their Army of Level 1 commoners with a few Veteran Sergeants and maybe a Level 2 Ranger or Fighter unit commander shouldn't try and personally confront the dragon riding enemy commander, then they get to watch their lines broken as it rampages through them.
Any character following the PCs should be a combat yes-man, plot expositer or meat shield. They should be there to fulfill their function in the story and to be on-screen when needed. If you put a Bard into an investigation game... you're just asking to spend the entire session playing with yourself because Bards are just that good at what you're doing. You can make them a Bard mechanical class, but don't have them do the investigating or the talking. Or, if they DO need to talk to an NPC, handwave it: "Your guide talks to the mayor; they recount old times and have a good laugh. After a few minutes, the mayor agrees to let you through the town and then turns to the party to address them." You almost never want to talk or play with yourself at the table.
I recommend to players to determine their "go to" action; it is a generally good move at any stage in combat. It might be "I Eldritch Blast the thing I've seen get hurt the most" or "I move between the biggest physical threat and my squishies and full attack/attack it," something like that. And I suggest to them that if they can't come up with a better move in about 30 seconds to a minute, they just default to that. Especially since, for most classes, "I do the thing I always do" is usually the right move anyway.
Yeah. Having a strong go-to cantrip is generally fine, because if you can't see the perfect spell in 30-45 seconds, odds are, there isn't one.
Druids are a general offender because: * They have to decide if this is a good wild shape time. * If yes, WHAT wildshape? * If no, then... * Is this a time to blow a spell? * If yes, then WHAT spell? * If no, then... * Which cantrip? Players who get analysis paralysis should be gently steered away from druids.
Are you looking for a free one from the internet or one of the published 5E books? Speaking of, are you using 5E, or a different system? I generally assume 5E, but it is good to know.
Yeah. Some of the games LP doesn't regenerate in, but they also tend to not really have characters so much as disposable stat blocks to recruit.
So, I'm looking at a lot of lists online, and I think... I think a lot of the people making recommendations for new players just don't know what it is like to be a new player anymore. Curse of Strahd and Baldur's Gate: Descent Into Avernus are good adventures \*if you put a lot of work into making them good adventures,\* but as written, are either brutally unfair (CoS), railroady nonsense (DIA), or inherently flawed in some other way. I don't recommend either as My First Campaign, no matter what the internet tells you (though, once you're more experienced, definitely play or run both!) Tomb of Annihilation? Also not a great one for new people. While I haven't read, ran or played in, Storm King's Thunder and Lost Mines, those two seem to be the ones I hear the best things about for new players. Here's the first link I found using Google with someone else's opinions, but their opinions are... weird if they consider DIA "Medium" difficulty. [https://arcaneeye.com/dm-tools-5e/dnd-5e-adventures-modules/#Lost\_Mine\_of\_Phandelver](https://arcaneeye.com/dm-tools-5e/dnd-5e-adventures-modules/#Lost_Mine_of_Phandelver)
[https://www.reddit.com/r/CurseofStrahd/](https://www.reddit.com/r/CurseofStrahd/) &lt;-- Enjoy! They should start at Level 1 if doing Death House, 3 if skipping straight to Barovia.
\*Describes the Palantir... cites Star Wars sequels.\* Now I feel old.
Typing /roll 1d20+ or clicking your macro is way less intensive than setting up your webcam to see you and your dice rolls, and if internet connection is an issue, live streaming a video feed seems way, way higher requirement than chat strings. Move to using Roll20 or some other system and solve the problem.
Perception is generally things one can notice without having to search, so, you might notice a trip wire. You might notice that some of the cobblestones ahead are uncharacteristically uneven. You wouldn't notice "10 feet in front of you is a pit trap, DC 10 to disarm)." Perception should clue you in that something is wrong; you can then use Investigation to see what the trip wire connects to, or to determine what is causing the cobblestones to act uneven. At least, that's how the PHB makes it sound it is supposed to work. In reality, most DMs just assign a trap a passive perception, and then traps never matter again in the adventure because someone is always trained in Perception.
Huh, wait. The way you phrased "easy to fail as a roll" makes me wonder if you're using Passive Perception right. Passive Perception basically requires no roll. You just walk in, and the DM should read everything at or below your Passive Perception to you. A 16 means that you'll notice most things of a Medium DC or lower just by existing, no roll required.
I thought that Counterspell restricting use of leveled spells was RAW, but, apparently, that restriction only keys to spells cast as a Bonus Action, not through the whole round. Weird. Technically, the restriction is you have to counterspell without knowing what you're countering, but that's ALSO lame. [https://www.sageadvice.eu/2017/12/06/im-curious-about-the-design-intent-by-having-identifying-a-spell-take-a-reaction-action/](https://www.sageadvice.eu/2017/12/06/im-curious-about-the-design-intent-by-having-identifying-a-spell-take-a-reaction-action/)
"Any red-herrings?" \-- Deliberate red herrings aren't red herrings; they're tricks you're pulling on your player. A red herring in a detective novel is one because the detective, using information received, comes to an incorrect assumption or conclusion. Your players will create enough on their own. Don't deliberately trick them. Here is, what I consider, the FAQ for mystery writing: [http://www.thrillingdetective.com/trivia/triv288.html](http://www.thrillingdetective.com/trivia/triv288.html)
Some obviously don't apply (like the one about no magic), but for the most part, fairly workable.
You need to find out why the ghosts are there. It sounds like they're there because of some new chaos, so would finding and resolving said chaos put the ghosts to rest?
Right. So why THESE specific ghosts in THIS specific place. If the answer is "they can't be put to rest without solving the main story," then you've answered the question. The players have to kill them. If there's something about this specific place (a temple has been despoiled; a tomb has been robbed; etc.) that the players can solve, then, they CAN solve it without killing the ghosts.
Ok. What is your conflict resolution system? d20? d100? Jenga tower? (That's a real one, by the way: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dread\_(role-playing\_game)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dread_(role-playing_game)) )
Take the Wyvern's stats. Make the creature a size smaller. Lower the STR and damage dice appropriately, probably knock off some hit points too (probably enough so that it drops in one round). Done.
Let him fly up. Then, he's alone. Problem solves itself.
A part of me says that seems like the GM just screwing the player over. But, a part of me always wonders: "What would people do in a fantasy world like one in D&amp;D?" well, if you had a race of people who could fly to the top of your building, you probably WOULD stop having entry ways up there. If you had a race of shapeshifters who could perfectly mimic people, you probably WOULD seal all deals by some sort of ridiculous ritual of touching, clasping arms, etc., in such a way that people would get Advantage on seeing through the disguise. Guards would absolutely frisk everyone coming into a place to break magical illusionary disguises that auto-fail when interacted with, etc.
Make a note that Undead don't suffer the curse... unless they do.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/DescentintoAvernus/new/](https://www.reddit.com/r/DescentintoAvernus/new/) It is. It is very clear that they didn't do much testing in the first 3 levels. It honestly feels like it is an adventure that was supposed to start in Elturel after it is sucked into hell for 5th level players, and someone at Wizards said, "What? No! Adventures should start at Level 1."
The Tarina scene specifically says the bandit captain can't be conned or bribed (he will accept a 5,000 GP bribe... but, yeah. Your party is level 1.) It is meant to be a fight; your party CAN bribe random patrons to help with the fight. My solution to this is during the Wait for Tarina scene, to give the party a chance to make the Tavern more friendly, and make it possible that when the captain is about to start something, have something like half the bar stand up and reach for their weapons if the party does stuff in the tavern to make friends.
Sounds like you want to kind of go backwards (chronologically) in game design. If you're interested in contested dice rolls as resolution, there's some interesting stuff in old Kriegspiel resolution tables (http://grogheads.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/GH-KriegspielTable-IX.jpg) that might help give you an idea.
Right! But that is a fact that they drew a bad conclusion from. It wasn't you putting a handkerchief there with the butler's initials with the intention of causing confusion. It's really hard to explain how to split this hair, but by God, I'm going to try.
Honest feedback: It complicates an already (for 5E) complicated system to no discernible beneficial end. Let's take your three goals: "I want grappling to have the potential to properly shut down or isolate an opponent from the rest of the party." -- Regular grappling with high movement already does this. "I want it to replicate a historical usage of grappling where it was almost necessary to take down heavily armored opponents." -- You only partially solve this, as 3/4 cover is +5 AC. So, yes, you do bring a high AC's target down some... but, you might hit your friend. "As a bonus, I wanted to provide some use to daggers and other 1d4 light weapons. They've just always felt rather useless to me" -- Light weapons already have a use. They are for Rogues or classes with bonus damage dice who want to benefit from the insurance the off-hand attack supplies. 5E has basically said they don't care about weapon variety thanks to the Quarterstaff, Longsword, Warhammer, Great Sword and Rapier. Anyone not using one of those weapons is probably using a Polearm without Staff cheese, a ranged weapon, or can't use one of those options and benefit from other class features (or is a caster with Shillelagh). Random movement is already frustrating (does this movement provoke Attacks of Opportunity? Why is this a thing checked at the start of round, not on a creature's turn?)
That one, at least, the party isn't forced to do. With the module as written, there's no getting around a conflict with the pirates, save selling out Tarina.
OOC problems get OOC solutions. You have to talk to your players.
5E's grappling is simple compared to what grappling used to be (and what people seem to want it to be), but for 5E, it is pretty complex. I think that what is happening here is that you want 5E to do something that, the core system design, generally doesn't want it to do. From a mechanical point of view, yes. You've created an interesting wrestling minigame... in a game that doesn't want to be bogged down in minutiae, like just calling all shields shields and ignoring the differences there. I think this will end up being one of those "if your table likes it, use it," systems that I wouldn't recommend in general because it is so at odds with what 5E is. EDIT: One more thing. It further complicates grappling balance in that it even more screws over most people. It makes Grappling an EVEN better move than it already is. All of the problems GMs have with trying to fix the Athletics Rogue Barbarian Dip? Or Monk with Expertise Athletics Rogue Dip? EVEN WORSE. As it is, Grappling was poorly implemented balance wise, and I feel like this just puts a spotlight on those problems.
[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gtCXWPvU0ZD28kvU8fp7dXOZ6nMcfZTr7YK4b8\_oJ4I/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gtCXWPvU0ZD28kvU8fp7dXOZ6nMcfZTr7YK4b8_oJ4I/edit?usp=sharing) &lt;-- Shameless self promotion/possible starting point for you
As always, I'm going to give the most charitable reading and assume good faith in everyone involved in the situation. She could have aced everything, but still had those problems, or, the questions she got wrong they considered easier problems to deal with. That, or the job she was hired to fill, even if they were the same duties, they saw as "Person B's job," not "Person A's job," and Person B didn't have as big shoes to fill, so they were OK with a weaker hire there (or, she's cheaper than you, so they accept a weaker employee for a cheaper price.) From the sound of it, you didn't know the name of one of the people you are going to have to report to or your organization's structure. Your first presentation you acknowledge was weak, and they gave you a chance with a second one, and you admit it went worse. Odds are, the presentations are a bigger part of the job than you're giving it credit for, because that seems to be what sunk you. As for answering some of their questions correct -- I don't think that was good enough when you botched what should have been the simplest one. It sounds like the guy who got you that second presentation chance went to bat for you and tried to drag you across the finish line, but the other people just weren't impressed enough with you. EDIT: Now, what can you DO about this? You now know that presentations are a weak point. You need to figure out why. Was it lack of system mastery? You admit to getting questions wrong, but you sound like you know the technical side of things, you just lose your ability to answer under pressure, since you mention being nervous. See if you can find exercises to get you comfortable speaking in front of people. You don't have to be a salesman, you just have to be a competent, workmanlike speaker who can get in, deliver your message, get out, without tripping over yourself. That takes practice, but there's lots of ways to learn it.
No, and odds are, if you ask this boss when they don't have to act with their boss hat on, they'll say the same. I recommend you don't leave until you have something else lined up, but if you're not happy there, \*go pursue something else in a responsible way.\* You probably will never love your job, but there is no reason to be deliberately miserable at it if you can't be. Keep in contact with good people though, if you can.
It means, if your other option is NOT having a 3-month temporary job, very much yes, it is worth it. Retail is sometimes a flexible schedule; if you can swing it and maintain your sanity, consider it strongly.
Two months is well within the "I tried, but we're just not a good fit," window. Using the prepare for exams reason would just make me wonder "did you not know about these exams two months ago?" If it has been two months, I'd just stay positive with you don't feel like it is a good fit and thank them for the opportunity.
'Even when someone pointed out that I shouldn’t be working so much over time, he mentioned that he doesn’t see a problem and that’s what I needed." \-- You need to determine if that is a "shouldn't be" or "are actually legally/contractually not able to do so." One is something you can make a decision on; the other you have to bring up to leadership. "Aside from this point, he also frequently complains about other colleagues to me, which adds on to my fear of making mistakes." \-- That is very unprofessional, and if you don't feel comfortable bringing it to him, mention it to someone in leadership or HR that you trust. That is the makings of a hostile work environment (not in the harassment sense, just in the sense that it will make it a crappy place to work.)
Don't quit until you have something else lined up (unless you are in actual danger.) It sounds like your only danger is boredom. Use that to do on the job training on new skills that will be relevant to the jobs you apply for when you're not at work.
Very few people get hired BECAUSE of a motivation letter; a lot of people will get EXCLUDED because of one if it is really, really bad. Your main goal is to not get excluded because of it. Also: I generally use it as a gut check on a candidate in that, a lackluster one combined with a lackluster interview PROBABLY means low level interest. A good letter and a good interview are also something where, if I compare them and they match up, that reinforces my initial opinion. If they're different (good letter, bad interview, or the other way around), I'll generally know that's a sign that maybe I should reconsider and that maybe one is better than I thought, or there's some extenuating circumstance that brought the quality of one down compared to the other. This is usually not a make/break thing, but something to help when making decisions. But, I also just straight up ask them about stuff they say in there instead of one of those fluffy "What are you most excited about this job," designed to build comfort between us and give the candidate an opportunity to express who they are as a person and not a list of credentials. Because, hey, you told me you're motivated by X, so, hey, why is X important to you?
Nerves are one of the harder things to handle; it really is something you can only get through by practice and learning personal methods that work best for you.
"Willing to relocate" put somewhere in your cover letter. Or, they'll just assume that when they look at your address and theirs.
Generally, a barking dog is trying to get your attention; sometimes what it means is "I don't want to bite you, but if you continue doing whatever stupid human thing you are doing, I WILL bite you." Sometimes it means "Throw the ball stupid human." Sometimes it means "I think I smell a squirrel."
Tagging is spray painting though, which was what the response looks like it was in reference to. I thought there were more than two monuments that had been "hastily spraypainted," but I couldn't remember them all.
Vague truth. Health reasons, but you're recovered now and cleared to go back to work.
Monster is like the My Space of job sites.
I think this is more for people who don't obviously screw their chances over. Like, the guy who shows up two hours late reeking of pot and booze to apply to drive a forklift? Yeah. It is that dude's fault he didn't get the job. The other good candidates out of the pool who don't get selected? Not their fault; there's just only so many slots.
The same as people happy with their job, but still looking. If the right opportunity presents itself, there'll be an exception.
I'm now remembering save stating on emulated Fire Emblem games before a level up, and using a high movement unit to screw with the RNG by using up "low" seeds by having it have to decide randomly how to draw the arrows to show the movement path.
Legal? Probably; I'd ask a real lawyer though. Should you agree to it? No.
Cute dogs can demand attention.
It's lengthy, but how many of these scenes \*matter\*? I feel like Ch.6 made almost every cutscene move the plot along (even if it was in a very minor way), compared to a lot of Ch.1-4 of "We walked some more" scenes.
People \*are\* swimming in URs if they've been pulling frequently, just not the URs they want. \[Insert /cries in Marcherie here.\]
The problem is the way every combat has been designed so far, all of her utility (removal/prevention and resists) are... inefficient. Except for a few cases where Deshell/Deprotect and Haste/Quicken have been useful, if your action isn't making something dead (or effectively dead like with Steal Heart/Time), it is probably a bad action. Once we get content where those tools are useful, her value may go up.
Still wouldn't go there.
Resonance is easy. You get one point of it for completing every non-multiplayer, non-skip ticketed battle with an esper equipped. The tool tips say all sorts of weird things about Affinity, but you can essentially just treat it like Resonance.
I have not noticed this, but it generally "finishes" long before your unit is in the 70s or 80s if you don't get a lot of Chocobo or cube XP, except maybe getting that last rank in armor or accessory (whichever you did second) that I usually don't think it matters much.
Check the WOTV Farming site for where the double gunner memories are available, because as a non-limited character, it should be farmable.
The best way to compare them is to compare them to other things you can get with paid-only vis. Which, for 2k paid vis, is what, a guaranteed UR pull? The 40 shards of choice blows that out of the water if you're beyond the early "Give Me Any UR" phase of development. EDIT: If you still need random things and aren't in the build a unit quickly phase, then the guaranteed pull MIGHT be better. But, getting a new UR to usable is more valuable than maybe getting a UR you'll never use. The next thing to compare it to is other things we know are good values, like the 1k chapter rewards. Those are just valuable because they give a little of everything; these are more expensive and more focused. The VC/Unit Shards are \*probably\* of more value again once your account is in the "focus on what I need" phase of development. But, the 1k chapter rewards are just so good, and you could get 2 of them instead, that I'd still probably do those if I ever had paid Vis.
I agree; Gilgamesh or VC are really the only thing (or if they had let the Unit of Choice be also for Limited units, then it would be a nice way for people to push their Ramza/Cid/Thancred up a bit, but I get why they didn't.)
So, to get a good idea of how companies think of "limited time only," look at the Magic Reserve list (though even that is not a good analogy to a gacha.) I think it is more that the only way they can create scarcity is through gacha rates (but you can only tweak those numbers so much, and then, really only at the start, and then towards "more generous") or by strictly adhering to "limited means limited." If you can start getting limited things OUTSIDE of limited time frames, the need to "pull now" for, say, Agrias, feels diminished. You could see it with Cid; once people saw he was coming back, a lot of people changed from "must LB5" to "Eh, LB3 is good for now; I'm not spending any more."
I think the problem is that the vast majority of players don't know what is a good stat breakpoint for content, whereas level gating assumes that players have invested as much in other aspects of a character as in leveling, which is... in some games a safe assumption, but not always. Like, a 79 Mediena is, essentially, as invested as a 99 (should be able to get most of her ability board, her JLs should be 12/12/12, she should be using a weapon about as good as a 99, etc.), but for some reason, the game thinks that 20 levels of raw stats is a big difference compared to full resonance, etc.
"She happens to be dating the manager’s son, which might be where the animosity arises? But it’s not like she gets many benefits from this, that I can see? " \-- I mean, that's usually enough of a reason for someone not to be working somewhere, because even the appearance of impropriety can undermine workplace morale.
A cornucopia of possibilities.
You need to be specific. "John is a jerk." Won't work. "John routinely bullies staff" is closer. But, "On July 5, John called two employees to a meeting in which he raised his voice and used inappropriate language to reprimand them over a minor infraction" is MUCH better.
Those two are, from the employer's perspective, almost functionally the same.
If we know you're not a good fit, no. Because, again, it is a waste of time. Without knowing the person who did the interview, I can't say WHY they botched it the way they did. But, no. In general, if you are being interviewed, you're in the pool of possible candidates. Everyone might already be leaning one way or the other, but if you make it to the interview room, barring some weird nepotism thing going on, it's because the people interviewing you are open to being persuaded.
There's no hard and fast rule. It matters how many applications need to be sifted through and if anything has changed between the job posting and end of posting. Ideally, a well written description will give an estimated time frame for when you might hear back.
It's the same way you're probably open to a company pitching you a job you haven't considered working for. You're open to suggestions, but it would have to be really, really impressive to get you to do more than listen. Unless you're a rock star in your field, think a Martin Scorsese pitching a movie idea to Hulu, you're probably better building your portfolio and talent and waiting for a better opportunity than essentially a digital cold call.
Yes. But, here's the reason for asking for some of that stuff, and it isn't usually some devious attempt to trip you up. We know that interviews are stressful. The easy stuff from your cover letter? That's a gimme question to help you feel comfortable in the situation, and to give you time to come across as a human being instead of a robotic interviewee. Of course, some people ARE fishing to see if something doesn't seem to add up. Or maybe there was a sentence they read that didn't click, so they want clarity. And some DON'T read cover letters. But, for the most part? I do when I get them.
Oh, if a company DOESN'T request them, they're probably being stripped before they go beyond HR, to keep all candidates on a "fair" footing.
Q47: "At the time of Q2, I had never lied. But that thing in Q35 ... I'm sorry, I just couldn't tell the truth there. LOOK WHAT YOU'VE DONE TO ME."
The same way as if they didn't. Subject: Formal Resignation, Effective \[whatever date style your company uses\] Or something like that. The resignation email/letter SHOULD be stiff and formal, because it is a stiff and formal thing. Everything before and after that can be more laid back.
It sounds as though your problem is deeper than one that can be handled via a Reddit forum. The only responsible thing I can do is recommend you reach out to a professional for immediate assistance if you are currently feeling the need for self-harm, the National Suicide Prevention Hotline is here: 1-800-273-8255 .
A polite "Thank you for your time" email is more than enough.
You just thank them for the opportunity, but an opportunity you can't turn down has come up. There's no reason to poke them in the eye when you quit.
No, I mean, if they have 10 different Graphic Designer jobs on their website, if you apply to one of those 10 postings, then the other 9 hiring managers/departments/whatever may never see your application, just the one you applied to.
"Why does something not feel quite right?" \--&gt; Because your gut knows things. This feels... fishy. Personal assistant is... not very clear. So, I googled part of your letter: [https://www.scampulse.com/patriot-wellhead-reviews](https://www.scampulse.com/patriot-wellhead-reviews) Trust your gut on this one.
I mean, has a general chat in any multiplayer game not devolved into that? \*Barrens flashbacks intensify\*
It matters how close you are with your boss whether you mention it; the people I've worked with for many years will usually mention it in passing, newer employees are either more vague "On vacation" or just "need to be out of the office." It's your first couple weeks, they'll honestly probably completely forget you were supposed to be on leave till their reminder goes off, then think, "Oh, right. So and so is out for a bit," and never think of it again.
Yeah, the sooner you tell them the better. Good luck!
It is easier to get a job with a job than without a job.
First time I've noticed this, everyone is looking one way, except Murmur, who is staring at us... and Marcherie who looks like she has just seen something she disapproves of out of the corner of her eye in the opposite direction.
Sounds like the gods are your BBEGs, with the goal being to just never actually fight them.
I'm assuming it is so people can copy/paste to guild chat? Now I'm trying to remember if I've ever actually done that.
I stopped my Thancred at like, LB3, 60 some shards because the visiore cost was too high for me that early... after the pity tickets bought after the event, he's at something like LB3, 115 shards. The game taunted me so very, very much.
I just used Y'shtola with Green Mage sub to Deprotect it without Cid. Once I did that, Thancred/Gaff could murder it without too much trouble. The real problem was surviving to it, which involved MORE Deprotecting of cactuars and fast elimination of said cactuars. Thancred had to run Red Mage secondary for heals and cleanse (though, now that I think of it, no one ever DID get paralyzed when he needed to cleanse or we wipe, so maybe we could have gotten by without it.) Character 4 was Zazan to Steal Heart, and Character 5 was Mont to Sentinel and Please Don't Die.
We're just meant for each other, I guess.
No, it's a gacha. We're going to get Rogue Thancred and White Mage Y'shtola. Why give you DIFFERENT characters when it can give you the SAME, but slightly different, characters?
I think that, without nostalgia, 4 or high 3 is... pretty accurate. It is a solid, good game, but it is still a mobile game. It is way, way less grindy, than say, WotV, from what I've seen so far (though, I'm stopped at the dragon that drops the first story style trying to get it to drop, and I actually listened to the tooltip that said to start using expedition tickets at the start, so I haven't hit any walls; I should be able to get the last style from the bird event tonight if I leave work on time.) The problem is that people see an above average score and don't think "Oh, so it is a solid game that, if I like the theme, style or genre, I'll get a blast out of it," they think "Not 5-stars? That's garbage."
I'd rather instead of paid currency, they just slap a price directly on things. I know why they don't, "Wait, you want me to pay $20 for a CHANCE at a unit I want," compared to "Oh, 2,000 paid gems? Yeah, I have that." But, eh, they've got to make money some how, and this is one of the least offensive ways if all it is doing is letting someone pay to remove RNG. I'd rather they didn't exist, but since that's not going to happen.
I have to say, I'm pretty impressed so far! I kind of wish I'd kept notes though, because I did the 1 free platinum ticket roll and just started cycling characters through until I got a bunch of them to Style 10-15 to get a feel for them. I've settled in on a Core 5, but I imagine I really want to be "leveling" a lot of people to vary resistances and attack types. One thing I've learned, doing WotV, is instead of just playing to maximize, I like to play with the self-instilled challenge of "free units only," which revitalized WotV for me and gave me focus. The problem is... even though it has only been a day, I don't remember who was free and who I got from the free ticket! (I'm also not very far in yet, at the dragon that drops Rouge and debating "stay here till I get him" or "keep going, come back after clearing all the content." Any thoughts on that? Is there a list of which styles/characters were free/grindable, and is there a way to favorite a style/unit in the UI so I can just hide the non-favorited units and focus just on the ones I favorite?
That's what it seems like; though you may want to not have them just auto attack, use the option where they use special moves, to increase their skill rank with said special moves. I don't know if Sophia ever uses her healing spell like that though, and from the little I've had Sophia, I feel like you should almost always use Sophia.
You always can. You need to explain why you bring X more value to the company to stand a chance. Unless you know the other candidates, don't try and say, "I'm better than other people," because for all you know, there's someone in the pool with those certs or the like. Instead, focus on, "I bring extra value to this position because of X," where the extra is based on the job description provided.
Whenever you finish an interview, part of the "any questions for us" questions should be, "when should I follow up if I don't hear back." Then, follow up late in the day of the date given. Since you've missed this opportunity, I think a week is enough time to wait for a polite follow-up.
Ok. Time for the Uncomfortable Questions. Did you really just forget? If you did, the first thing you should do is go and pay for it. Because you made an honest mistake and made it right, you'd probably be fine, or just get a warning. Like, this is a really easy screw up to make whole. Just pay for it. Now. Get off Reddit. Go in. Pay for it. Hell, I've run back to grocery stores when I realize something didn't scan properly and paid for it and no one cared. If you forgot... and then DIDN'T pay for it once you realized you forgot, then yeah. You're probably getting the boot. And, you'll have to honestly answer, "Yes, I've stolen from an employer," when they ask that question. You'll still be able to find work, but it'll take time, and it won't be good. But, it was an honest mistake, right? Go Fix It.
Basically yes.
Normally, their offer should tell you how long it is good for. If they didn't write back and thank them, but say you need some time to consider their offer and read about their benefits, etc., if they gave you that information. Then ask when you have to decide by. It'll usually be a few days, at which point, I always say if you have no job, take almost any legal job willing to pay you.
Unless you put down a shady reference, I'd feel confident enough with that. If you're one of those people who have their friend pretend to be a previous manager, you might want to wait to make sure you don't get found out. But, if you've only got people who will give glowing, honest references, you should be fine. I'd feel fine about that.
Ok. Let me see if I can't make a list of characters I think are free from my current roster. Free/Quest Reward/Preregistration/Etc.: SS Gerard, SS Sophia, S Flurry, S Guella Ha, S Albert, S Black, S Ginny, A Polka, A Kyrdlund's Mayor, A Liza \[I think she was in the free group to start?\], A Therese, A Henrique, A Faerie, Gacha: SS Blue, SS Hector, S Undine, S Sif, A Thomas, A Gen, A Nora, A Asura, A Lyza, A Robin, A Red, A Cat, A Julian. I think if I have them divided up right, really the only thing I lose is SS Blue and S Undine from my current list (since I picked Gerard over Hector).
Current List of "Free" Units: * SS Gerard, A Kyrdlund's Mayor, S Flurry, A Nora, S Sif (Preregistration/Start Dash Event) * SS Sophia (Launch Event reward) * SS Rouge (1-2-12 drop... have fun) * SS Monika (Chapter 3 Main Mission reward) * S Black (1-2-13) * A Faerie (1-2-14) * S Albert, S Guella Ha, S Ginny (Falcon Ingot Exchange) * A Polka (Start the game) * Polka's Starting Party: SS Hector, A Liza, A Henrique, A Cat, A Therese * Other Farmables: SS Awe, SS Terry, SS Robin (Fake)
I have never missed Auto Repeat so much in my life (ok, that's a lie, farming Lionel Castle in WotV was pretty atrocious too)
Good to know! I figured it would be since Rouge and Gerard, at least, are pretty strong
Added to the list!
So, I was able to boot up an emulator to make a second account to see who you start with. Totally missed that Sif and Nora were pre-registration rewards, and that account ALSO had SS Hector, I didn't realize that tutorial pull was fixed, so look at that list. Not a bad "free" pool to start from. Does mean Gen isn't free like I thought, so time to kick him out of my expeditions. But! Nora is, and even though she's probably just filler, she seems adorable.
Huh. SS Blue was one of the characters I got off my platinum ticket. It probably is against the spirit of the thing to start using him right away just because he's "theoretically free."
I miss auto repeat functionality so much from other games.
I think they'll follow the Learte/Khurry route of having more supportive secondary jobs like White Mage/Green Mage with one offensive job that provides a vital ATK up TP skill.
If you know absolutely nothing about the game, which it sounds like since you don't know the character's names, I'd suggest reading a new user guide so you at least know basic terms, like Awakening, Esper, etc. I haven't updated this ([https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gtCXWPvU0ZD28kvU8fp7dXOZ6nMcfZTr7YK4b8\_oJ4I/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gtCXWPvU0ZD28kvU8fp7dXOZ6nMcfZTr7YK4b8_oJ4I/edit?usp=sharing)) in forever, so the sidebar might have some better general information. Likewise, I'd collect useful links (like the farming calculator and stuff in tools) to share with people.
I generally only use them when I absolutely need the time. For example, hard quests? I usually do that in the morning getting ready for work. I don't NEED to skip those. I'm at almost 1,000 skip tickets right now because I'm generally able to just queue up stamina for the few things you CAN skip ticket (Story/Hard Quests). Like, right now, I'm getting the "do 5 story quests" daily done while I check Reddit and finish a late breakfast. I think a lot of people use skip tickets FOR EVERYTHING, which, if I were burning through a minimum of 15/day, I would probably have run out.
Strongly suspect he or Mia's ability to charm the chocolate flan for me is going to be crucial to pulling it off where my best damage dealers are Gaff and Y'shtola. Though, given everything is water and flans are aquatic I think, maybe Learte won't suck...
Auto ready after success would be a life saver. I solo farm because I can watch it once or twice to make sure we don't do something stupid, then, I can down potions and WALK AWAY.
Same here. Did the discount, then back to stockpiling.
Every now and then the game becomes completely unresponsive forcing me to quit. It only happens on my phone, so I'm not sure if it is a me problem or a game problem. I'm thinking it is a game problem because no other app has it... but it doesn't happen on any other emulator, so maybe it is a specific hardware/software conflict.
"One set of rules," is how I explain it.
That's not a funny credit card story; no one got hit in the face with a pie.
Star Wars started in a chase scene. But yes, there is nothing wrong with starting in a tavern.
&gt;I think the issue people have with starting in taverns is that it's a sign that the GM is relying on an old trope that they aren't going to put an interesting spin on. D&amp;D \*relies\* on tropes. That's part of the genre; honestly, do the players want to avoid an awkward "how we all met" scenario? Spend a few minutes talking with each other BEFOREHAND and have a background figured out so I can skip that part of the game. Otherwise, I \*have\* to force them all together so that I don't risk, "Wait, my character wouldn't want to work with them."
I mean, it is fine, in the sense that it works. But, it is also not fine in the sense that it is unnecessary conflict that adds little to nothing. Just insist that the loot is always revealed to the party because that's part of them being a team, and that characters who would not share loot with the party are not characters who would join the party, so bring a character who can be the most minimum of a team player possible after "doesn't actively murder other party members."
So, you say they have a lot of money. But, let's try and explain exactly what a lot is. 500 Gold is actually a whole lot of money for non-adventurers. A poor lifestyle, for example, still tallies up to about 80 gp/year. An average peasant? 365 gp/year. 500 gold? At aristocratic, you burn 10 gp/day. This is 50 days worth of basic living, and that's before you hire the guy to cast the spell. That's just the diamond. The family that pays for this is losing months of their life savings, etc. Hell, they may have to liquidate a business or property to pay for it. It needs to cost them, because they aren't adventurers earning wealth by level every week or so and rolling in plate armor they strip from the suspiciously well equipped CR-appropriate encounters.
MST3K it: Just design what is interesting and don't think about it too hard. Try and imagine real life buildings that are built as time goes on, with ad hoc additions, dividers put up, etc. There are a lot of very real buildings with impractical layouts because life is impractical.
Only if you're doing it at the table. As a part of your wrap up notes you send the players post session, I think it would be fine (or even, save the extended version for the notes, but do the quicker version at the table.)
Eh, I still stand by it didn't start in a tavern. I mean, the "adventure" for Luke starts when he's fixing R2-D2, and then he goes to find Obi Wan. They then decide to go to the tavern to hire a pilot. The tavern isn't just where the action starts; the characters go there for a reason (which if you start in a tavern, is important. Your characters are there for a reason, even if it is just to drink.)
So, why does the player need to make an Insight check in this case? A trusted friend told him something that conflicts with what someone else told him. The character perfectly in character can decide, "Well, I'm not sure if so-and-so lied to me, was wrong, was charmed, etc., but I don't trust what they said." I see no need for an Insight check here. EDIT: This falls under my "you don't need to roll dice to wear a jaunty hat" rule of roleplaying. What does a success or failure on the Insight roll MEAN for the player? That the character... does or does not trust the NPC? But, why do they need the roll to make that decision using game mechanics? Whether or not they trust the NPC is completely within the realm of player agency/choice, not mechanics at this point.
No. He'd immediately call for the guards after six seconds because someone just took over his mind with magic, and there's no telling what this spell caster will do next. Imagine YOU were face to face with someone who, with a word and gesture, could make you do whatever they wanted and you had a brief, fleeting moment of agency. Using mind control or charm magic on people is not going to be met with a miffed "put that back," like a child picking up a candy bar.
Dragonborn? The obvious answer is an evil dragon.
The "buff" comes from things like Fighting Styles and Sentinel feat, and things like touch spells being easier to administer. There are strong enough mechanical reasons for players to hold a formation you don't need to add extra knobs and dials to it in my opinion. In addition, I know nearly every PC that uses a bow has the Archery style feat, but most monsters don't, so interposing yourself between the ranged attackers and your friends has a benefit as well, without needing to add additional mechanical complexity.
Wait, is it dropping early? I just thought it was because I was lazy on preparing that I felt like I wasn't quite ready.
Hm. Maybe with it being earlier it will be scaled properly or last longer or something? I don't know. We can only hope.
1. Standard fraction. You have 2 ATK of a maximum 100 ATK, for example 2. No; it resets to level 1. Seals and hammers are lost if a weapon is combined with another via crafting. Only use them on the final form of a weapon.
She's just one of if not the cheapest time mage available. Anyone who can churn out Quicken/Haste can fit instead of Phoebe.
Rarely, if ever. If they need to know that information, get it to them in character.
If your players don't want to kill him, they have non-lethal tools at their disposal. Let them decide if he lives or dies.
If this is your first ever, start small. Like, super small. Create a small town with a small problem. You can have it be part of a larger world, but, you want to make a coherent adventure first, a world second.
Well, whenever I see this, I say: I think your PCs are doing something wrong or you are. If: * You are distributing a normal degree of magical loot as described in the game to * Characters built using the character building rules You might get characters punching a bit above their paygrade, even more with feats, even more with multi-classing. But, an Adult Red Dragon (color chosen because it is the most Dragon-y of Dragons) has 256 HP and Legendary Resistance, so, I strongly suspect the dragon, if it lost to a level 9 character was not being played properly. Before we can really help you, we need to see their character sheets and more about the fight, because, the answer might just be: "The characters are using SPELL or ACTION wrong." Common reason big creatures just die: * You didn't use Legendary Actions * You had it stand and slug it out with PCs instead of taking advantage of its Fly speed or other abilities the creature has * You forgot Legendary Resistance and let it be shut down with one action
I'd rather they follow the weird calendar than move units around that cause bad power curves.
2. No. Try to only use the appropriate staff.
When you level up a style, all those % numbers at the bottom? I believe that's the modification.
The different expeditions give stat ups to a higher range; if you no longer are getting benefit from the lower one, it is better to use the higher one.
Good luck! The other thing will be that you'll eventually find what works for you. Either way, have fun! It's a game; try and enjoy it!
A-rank only gives a lot more variety of characters. I will have to consider this as we continue our Rouge farm (Account Level 61).
Doing this made it much easier to find out that Agatha/Sophia were paired up so I could go and inherit a skill for the mission. (I also found out I had, at some point, pulled an A Sif.)
I suddenly have a sense of foreboding at Rank 61 or so and no Rouge...
I think you primarily try and equip armor that won't ding your important stats, but it is also important to note some things have better resists than others, so sometimes you may want a caster robe instead of heavy armor.
It's one of those things where, the less you have, the better it is. Which is weird, since for whales, you'd think you'd want something with more value. But, eh, who knows.
Unfortunately, I believe elemental weapons aren't on the drop table anywhere. I believe we got it from the event.
It may be attractive, but it isn't worth making her next to useless on Auto.
They fill different roles and are not comparable.
I use Nox and finally have a somewhat stable multiplayer experience; if you have a back up laptop or the like, I'd recommend just sticking the emulator on that so you don't use up your main machine.
It is actually an accessory (green background), which means it can be worn with a hat to get decent DEF/SPI and Evade. I think the game calls it an "Emblem," so I don't think it is a shield (it just has a shield-y shaped icon.)
The biggest downside? Not having her means I am getting kicked from a lot of the secret book rooms. I think I spent a good four or five minutes just rotating through "No room" rooms, rooms that timed out, and rooms that kicked me with a Level 99 Gaff.
[https://www.dndbeyond.com/sources/basic-rules/combat#MonstersandDeath](https://www.dndbeyond.com/sources/basic-rules/combat#MonstersandDeath) &lt;-- RAW, it seems that most monsters do not get it, only "Mighty villains and special nonplayer characters are common exceptions; the DM might have them fall [**unconscious**](https://www.dndbeyond.com/compendium/rules/basic-rules/appendix-a-conditions#Unconscious) and follow the same rules as player characters." I see nothing wrong with it, but the DM should have told you that they would deviate from RAW/D&amp;D as normally played.
Lucky is very good. Savage Attacker is, overall, meh, compared to the REAL feats. As it is, for a fourth level party, 8 hobgoblins, with terrain advantage, is potentially a dangerous fight, but not ... wait, Kobold Fight Club says that's a deadly fight. Huh. Hobgoblins are tougher than I thought! 5E's CR/Encounters aren't balanced around: * Feats * Magic Items beyond the bare minimum * Multiclassing * Non PHB races, subclasses, feats, options These two feats, in particular, probably don't require massive updates to your encounters though.
An aboleth knows how easy its enslavement breaks; I see no reason it would keep those PCs around armed and dangerous ticking time bombs. It would probably have them strip their gear, fire off all their spells and per day/abilities harmlessly, and then dispose of them in some suitably fiendish death trap that the new party gets to in the nick of time to save the day.
You combine it, a bit. No one gets EXACTLY what they want, but you also don't only give them things they don't want. Mattering how magic dense the world is, there is probably a market/network for getting rid of unwanted magic items and getting ones you want. A short side-adventure to track down a client to make the trade should do.
[https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/school/transmutation](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/school/transmutation) &lt;-- A list of all the current spells on Beyond. If you make them immune to Transmutation, hopefully they're not a character that would want to benefit from Haste, Fly, Gaseous Form, Time Stop, Water Walk/Breathing, etc. If you still want a thematic buff for being killed and brought back, Advantage on saves vs. Disintegration or Disadvantage to attackers if they use a ray or beam instead of Save or Die effect.
Correct.
I don't think it is a shield because most of the other units you can see the thing that is their TMR somewhere on them, and Mont isn't carrying a shield. The emblem is visible in the picture here by his shoulder: https://www.reddit.com/r/wotv_ffbe/comments/ftqfaj/mont_leonis/ EDIT: Though now seeing the emblem, I'm even MORE confused about how it is providing massive DEF/SPI and HP.
Did FE ever get my idea for Summer Oswin where his shield was a surfboard?
Stonultima
I usually go to +3, since I don't want to take it to 50/50 in case I ever decide to go to +5. But, if I were sure I'd NEVER FARM THAT NONSENSE AGAIN, +2 is the easiest.
\*Looks at my 99 Zazan, Miche, Mia, Gaff, Y'shtola, Mont; 96 Learte; 79 Etre/Fina/Thancred\* I have a solution for this problem.
Don't diss Carrot Knight's Carrot Lance and Horse Eating a Carrot.
Re-rolling is one of the best, and worst, things about gacha games.
I can win guild battles, but I'm pretty sure it is because I'm not in a top tier PvP guild. But yeah, generally, I don't bother with gacha PvP, because if I did, I'd be even more stressed to grind, and wouldn't be able to say, "Eh, a +4 Platinum Rod is good enough."
Generally, you get the most XP from the most recent, but the best way to do it is targeted farming of job materials you need/will need.
Expeditions and baby sitting while farming.
1. They want to know where the people are coming from. 2. They know that a bunch of murders are happening in Baldur's Gate, and from Zodge's plot dump in the book, they know the Cult of the Dead Three are behind it. 3. They want to arrest Hellriders These are the things they want to know. They also are corrupt. So, they're also willing to NOT know these things for some coin.
In the module as written, Zodge says they're arresting Hellriders. If any of the people on the caravan are Hellriders, or part of a family that WERE Hellriders, there's their target.
How much by the book did you run it? Run as is, DIA is a rough experience as a player, from Zodge's conscripting you to constantly having to wink at the camera and follow the obvious plot hooks. For players that like a little more autonomy, that can be really, really grating. Have you read Remixing Avernus? Even if you don't take every idea from there, it does A LOT to fix what I consider the worst part of the module (everything before you meet Tarina).
Have you tried asking them? It may just be that the setting doesn't grab them. Mad Max in Hell (whcih is what it is billed as...but isn't really what it is) can either lead to people being disappointed there isn't MORE Mad Maxing in Hell, or frustrated that Hell is this... kind of not serious place that is just Always Terrible where the designers tell the GM, "Sometimes, just be a dick to your players, just because they're in Hell."
The Dark Secret and the Faceless background are great ideas... for campaigns that aren't Baldur's Gate: Descent Into Avernus. EDIT: Here are my reasons. 1. The Dark Secret makes the players care TOO MUCH about Baldur's Gate. Baldur's Gate is your training wheels for the adventure. It's the Deku Tree; it's the Narshe Mines; it's the Mako Reactor bombing run. You're supposed to basically be in and out, because not a single NPC from Baldur's Gate matters to the story as a whole. The Dark Secret instead says: "No. Avernus isn't the important part to your adventure. THIS IS." 2. The Faceless doesn't really make sense in DIA as written since... all of your characters are strangers, except to the one person who knows your Dark Secret, which means they know who you really are. It's a great feature, in a module that absolutely doesn't give a damn about the player's identities.
On the upside, I think players will generally like the Avernus portion better than the early part, provided you do the Make Avernus a Sandbox and ignore the "you randomly can't get where you're going because Hell isn't a constant geography" crap from the book. Look at the two "paths" that are nonsensically decided in the module, and craft some other way to get players to the best of those locations and see the important plot bits in all of them, and if it means your level goes above the recommended, that's fine. Zariel and the other demons/devils of Hell can probably do with being bumped up a bit for a more epic feeling finale. The other thing that players in general may dislike that Avernus does is that... it gives them sidekicks in Reya and Lulu. Players... really hate sidekicks. Luckily, as written, Reya at least is going to leave soon.
The Avernus/Elturel portions of the book glide over a lot of things. Like, the extra demons in Elturel? If you actually do enough of them, you're probably dragging that chapter out a bit. Same with the Paths of Whatevers. The book material is just way more condensed after Baldur's Gate for some reason, most likely because those are more traditional dungeons, and need more layout for the villa, etc. What I really wish is that the Gazeteer got printed elsewhere, so those pages could have gone to giving Avernus/Elturel more room.
I think it is because confront Zariel isn't supposed to be the finale. Free Elturel is supposed to be that, which should involve confronting all the devils/demons that are like, "Hey, Zariel's dealt with... AND THERE'S A CITY FULL OF SOULS HERE." It's supposed to be a disaster movie scenario finale where you're fighting through Elturel trying to free the city, and maybe, you've got a redeemed Zariel at your back.
I know it is gamey, but... leaving Mortlock chained up or dead robs the players of a good opportunity to roleplay with him AND the chance to soundly thrash him if they so choose. Just have the fight between the two of them always having started at X interval of time before the players arrived. Yes, yes, yes "that's like a cut scene in a game, not a living world!" But, since D&amp;D IS a game, it makes for the better game. You may have to do some weirdness if they decide to take their rest, say, right outside the fight room, but, eh, that's a problem to fix at the table.
Just add it as loot later if you want them to have it; it messes up the flow of the game to go back to re-loot an area, unless you just let the player say, "Oh, we go back there and search for the thing. Does an X Perception/Investigation find it?" At which point... why bother? Just put it somewhere else.
Obviously he and his daughter can recognize each other, because it causes them more suffering, and Hell just likes that. The OBVIOUS thing is for whoever owns the soul to offer a trade; weak little girl soul goes free for his soul. There should be other ways, but, that's the first thing any demon is going to open with, because it is a CLASSIC bargain.
The least offensive implementation of the idea is MAYBE if a character does a heinously evil act, they make the Pervasive Evil check to turn Evil not just "I made a bad decision." But... I'm all for Just Ignore It.
I played a Seeker in a 4E campaign. It was mind boggling that I could figure out how to bounce my throwing hammer or whatever around and snare multiple units and where to move to safety in about 20 seconds... and other people could take 10-15 minutes to move and use an at will power.
Gaff has a passive he can slot for Charm resist I believe. A few other units have a general Debuff Resist passive.
For the genre as a whole.
