Earn credits, unlock heros with xredits5
Roger, roger.
Water on a grease fire.
That doesn't really explain why anyone should care though.
Especially in a game with no easy squad chat.
Of course. A British organization would find a way to hold back the domination of the French Bulldog.
A Nintendo streamer named after a pornstar, are they fucking serious?
Playing hard to get.
Potato chip bags blowing in the wind, piles of cigarettes at every left-turn red light, or cigarette packaging and wrapping caught in bushes and landscaping.
&gt; British sub Loose lips sink ships.
Get it. It's already easy enough to find at $35 currently gor the base game. I actually recommend the Deluxe edition for the epic star cards and T3 weapons. You can unlock them all in game, yes, but the weapons are a heavy grind for all four and the epic cards give you cards for each class that are primary cards you'll always slot, meaning you can use all your newly acquired crafting parts on other cards to improve troopers, ships, or heros. Purpling a card takes a lot of resources and getting four key trooper cards at purple will really speed up unlocking the rest of the game.
I wasn't boycotting it per se, but it was pretty far down my likely play list. Ended up getting as a gift from the MIL for xmas and I can't stop playing. Seriously, I can't stop playing. Send helf.
I would send him this in a Chrismas card, every year. For ever. Nothing more, ever.
Harem, he's started a Harem. Clever Prince
"Too much effort" does not make it Pro.
FFS, don't ever do this again.
And some guys like to say condoms are too small.
"If a crow comes 'round, askin for me, say ya ain't seen me."
They lean heavy toward squad play but don't go far enough to make it good. Big downside is having to wait 10s, or until your squad is full, to spawn back in. Waiting for a squad that matters not a bit. Poor design.
Once she destroyed your property and forced her way into your car it's 100% time she gets a broken nose.
Looks a tad too cartoony. But, i like the direction and general idea over what we have now. Bolts are currently a little weak.
No grandma I don't want anymore milk.
Good, first trailer for GotG3.
"If you got nothing to hide, why you being so sneaky." - them to us. Reverse doesn't hold water I guess.
What was it and why is it worse now?
All you need is calories. Skittles, so good.
Too many afkers spinning in circles in HvV.
Saw them all weekend long on PS4 anytime I was in HvV, which was a few matches per day over the period.
Just what we'd expect from a bounty hunter.
An Epic Upgrade token in the winning chest would be perfect. Losers gets a Rare upgrade token.
Imagine those two, gotta be so close to retiring in their easy, comfy jobs when BAM they cross the wrong person at the wrong time and force their own hand. Fucked themselves raw at the end of their lives.
Probably right, thought it could have been an abbreviation I wasn't v familiar with too.
Locally theres a sawmill in Baghdad, Ky (Baghdad Lumber I think) another across the river in Sellersburg, IN (Bonesteel). Usually a selection of woods and sellers on CL as well.
The claw will choose!
You should be happy, dodged a real bullet there!
Felt like the whole point of that character was just to give Benicio a role in the film.
I'll take part of your chimichanga life please.
No need to bring your mobile plan into this!
Yeah, the greenery really clashes with reality if you know much about trenches.
If you're willing to cheat on your spouse, you aren't fot for the trust of the people.
People are generally dumb and uninformed.
Maybe it's not a problem for everyone, but it is at least for us. There are so many poorly placed texts or text boxes in the game.
Of course it is. I drive the Snyder daily, I haven't seen anyone pulled over on the Snyder in years.
Devs make changes and communicate and yet still have jerks with their unhelpful sarcasm.
Unless you only work 4 days a week and Thursday is your Friday, then you get your 3 day weekend, mmmmmm.
Months before it arrives? The END of March is 8 weeks away, "months" is just being pointlessly dramatic. Are you REALLY going to put in hundreds of hours over the next 6-8 weeks? That's on you if you do, a shame you view your game time as a waste rather than as enjoyable. Why are there so many irrational, entitled gamers around here?
News Flash: That's how their kids act already.
Thats what NPR was saying about this. This bone is from a group who did not survive. We descend from groups who left, and survived, about 60k years ago. This bone is us, genetically, but it's not from our direct ancestors from a migratory sense.
Inflation.
Right. Not many featival workers gonna pick up a tree and fight someone.
Relevant information is lost on others. I got your sarcasm, it was the kind a 14 year old dork would make, hence why I pointed out to you how your attempt at sarcasm fell short. Doesn't really work as sarcasm when what you say is the actual way it's going.
When you take simple comments as "superior complex breakdowns" it shows how far along the spectrum you may be. Good luck, I hope it doesn't cause you to make such ridiculous over-assessments in the real world.
"If gay marriage wasn't legal this would never have happened". - also them
Ya, they're great in Blast or Strike but are in a poor spot in GA. Maybe make them 400 and have a limit of 2 each per team.
Is this the opening text for the next Star Wars?
Agent Orange
Good luck.
His nickname was "Buzz" as a kid.
How? Cause he ain't black or a Democrat, that's how.
Not working in blast.
Kids need reasons to bitch.
He controls the voting base, the basd that can primary anyone they want in the GOP
Yeah, it's clear by speed (slow) he wasn't really trying to make it, just not paying attention.
It might be decent with recoil reduction, but stock it's hot garbage, was a terrible grind with the achieves not unlocking.
There's a lot of this going on the past week.
Coming up on a week now waiting for them to be claimable.
I chuckled.
Not fair to sacks or shit, imo.
I don't see why a progression rework wouldn't be the right time to turn them back on.
And it's still just Tuesday. Mueller must be about to make another move with all the buzz.
"I am your WIFE, I am the greatest good you are ever gonna get!"
&gt; $500 million in loans Loans, right. Loans.
That title, wtf.
You'd think they'd have enough data now, historically, to be able to accurately scale storm damage to game mode time length.
&gt; How can there possibly moderates about this at this point? I said from the jump that I'd go with whatever Mueller finds and recommends You asked and and answered your own question. You yourself are a moderate, by very nature of leaving the decision up to the Special Council. If you had already decided on guilty or innocent then you are to the left or right of moderate. You have decided to wait for that decision, thus, a moderate.
What about the pupper attack on the humans?
Because alcohol.
20x5 is a mode for Clans, imo, which is something this game needs.
have disabled their firewalls. Finished that for ya.
So you were really babysitting the sister. Thinking back on your interactions with the mother, do you see any Red Flags that you missed? Or did everything seem normal. I can't believe the mother put you in that position without telling you. A 16 yr old male with a bad sexual history could have decided an 18 yr old female in the house was fair game.
This is where I am. After last seasons mess and now this, I'm done watching NFL.
They are when your target is the President and his family.
Totally planned. Shortly after Trump nodded his head. His face and eyes, his attention, was on the speaker off-screen, but his nod was in the direction of Pence.
Seriously. 100 would be a fine number. Enough to kill a No-Shield or strip full shield (or shields+health) from anyone else. But doubling the damage to take down full health+half shield or 75/75 splits is just massive over tuning. We need a couple more traps, with different rarity and damage. -Basic Trap-tune this normal trap to 100, keep it Green rarity -Sandtrap-slows movement and prevents jumping while in it but does no damage, make it Blue Rarity -Loot Bomb-A trap that you can place on any terrain that looks like a pile of loot dropped by a player on death, with a full bandage kit and a couple other random goodies, that when a player comes near, explodes for 150 damage(aoe), make it Legendary Rarity. It doesn't need to be overly complicated, just a little variety and damage appropriate for Rarity and use and traps are set.
Why should she have to pay more because the government has kept rates low and money cheap enough for people to jack values up that high?
It's not bullshit, both happen. People should already understand that prices go up over time and the reasons why, I didn't think that part required a further explanation.
Does anyone teach this anymore? My grandfather taught this exact saying to me back in the 80s but other than him I've never heard it or anyone ever mention the word "integrity".
Yeah, but libraries aren't exactly selling stuff so don't have the revenue stream to pay more.
From some perspectives it does.
Why is that weird? Legally, Sodomy is just a term that means non-penis/vaginal intercourse. It doesn't always mean buttfucking.
Check out /r/microgrowery.
&gt; Their vote counts the same as yours, maybe even more. More if they're rural.
"Nuke the place from orbit, it's the only way to be sure."
Calf raises, in this economy? lol
It also gives them a legal out. If you have a free/discount exchange program for helmets you know to be compromised, it's going to be real hard for someone to argue against that point in court later on. I'd be curious to know if it's a standard they started on their own or if there was a court case or few that prompted the policy adoption.
Can we get a V8 Engine Glider, plz?
&gt; what benefit does it give you It's not about a benefit, it's about tradition. Not every part of the world has so completely eroded the family unit as we have. Americans don't care, but just because we don't doesn't mean we should look down on other cultures because it's important to them.
And the world was better for it. A dead Nazi and a shitty alcoholic babysitter, Double Tap.
Always told her to bee herself.
Yeah, clearly a saggy tit there.
Call CPS.
We really are seeing the breaking of a Century-old World Order.
Come on, she'll be right back to her old tricks.
&gt; Shit the Mexicans are here too!!! Quick, build a Firewall!
She's lucky.
Hey it's me, your brother, Domitian.
Bong bong bong bong
"I have no clue why I'm always broke."
A quarter of a billion dollars a month only gets you so much, cut them some slack.
Saw a statistic once that said something like 50% of all people aged 65 and older that fall and break a hip DIE within 12 months of the injury. Cause was everything from complications to decreased physical health due to decreased physical activity (as a result of being off your leg). Maybe that number is true. Scary if it's at all accurate.
No doughnut conspiracies, man, this sub is rough.
Fair enough, came off as condescending at first read, but now I understand. Ty
So... in retort, did anyone from England think to ask for their colonies back?
Her face here looks like she's one of the Bladwin brothwrs.
This doesn't feel like a rape, feels like your wife got drunk and made a bad decision, cheated on you, and is playing the rape card out of guilt. Seriously, saying you make her feel worse than her "rapists" is obsurd.
&gt; I wonder what they're into. Shaved armpits and visible ankles probably.
If they aren't rubbernecking they have their face in their phones. I hate the Snyder.
Bigfoot, it's Bigfoot hiding in the dips and forests.
"Sup." - Theodosius
Never getting a drunk date into bed that way.
Yeah, it seems like it's something more designed to appeal to the Blue Line Facebook crowd more than anything else. Like, cool, you did your jobs, now go do it again, our city is in the midst of an opiod crisis ffs.
That's what I thought, the whole premise of the book is military absurdity.
I cum in you, you cum on floor
Then they can pay someone else rather than have an open racist leading their football team.
one scamwhich plz
Jackass.
Crazy how different Donald Glover looks every time I see him.
My wife and I watch Forensic Files when we can't decide on anything else, woah boy, they LOVE to talk about polygraphs. I know it's an older show, but the mention them not being admissable in court but then act like you're maybe still guilty even if you passed and definitely guilty if you failed (even though they know it's BS).
Ball with the ball the bang bang diggy diggy.
Uh....he started out in WWII in the Navy.
PUBG fuckin y'all
Bare minimum cost, carpet/pad, for a 12x12 room will be about $300 (maybe less if you buy closeout stock). So, 800 isn't crazy, especially if you get anything more than the absolute cheapest carpet. If it's just one room, look into doing it yourself. If the room is currently carpeted just roll it up and use it as a template to cut the new carpet/pad. Plenty of YouTube videos on basic installation for a single room. It's not a terribly hard project.
You're trying to rent what everyone else is buying right now.
Super generic, look like an office. But, if cost is an issue and the tiles are cheaper and easier, go for it. I wouldn't use tile carpet in my master bedroom, maybe an office, but I also recognize were talking about the West end where property values don't always justify avoidable expense.
"Back pain" in the ER AKA I need opiods plz
And a lot of people know they have it and don't say anything.
Thought the rent too high guy passed away?
We just ignore misses and never hit survivors. Hitting your own is a terrible rule.
OPs point is that it's something no one picks up on, that it's so normalized as part of the community that those within it don't usually recognize it for what it may be. There is a lot of accepted strange social behavior in the net communities and a lot of people look the other way so as to not hurt or offend someone. As a result there has arisen a culture where things like OP describe happen but are overlooked as someone being weird, while not thinking they're crossing a line. However, it makes people, in this case especially women, uncomfortable to the point they stop participating.
If your post is up longer than 4 hours, call your moderator.
&gt; Certainly looks like he worried about the racism, but whether he actually "threatened to quit the team" seems up for debate Sounds like a 40yr old game of telephone by that point. I'm sure there truth is in there somewhere but we'll never know exactly what.
Designated Driver and Designated Hitter?
Guy I worked with said that. Why spend money on a free game. I said, "I spend $60 on AAA titles that complete in 20-40 hours, I've already spent way more time in this game. A few skins here or there is no biggie.
Feels like there's a lot missing about the girl. Either her backstory was wedged in for some pointless reason or stuff was left on the floor that didn't make the final film.
The Star Wars Universe feels like it's in freefall doesn't it? No where near the planning and polish of the MCU.
Fear your dreams because they're NIGHTMARES!
They aren't denied for a pre-existing condition, they are denied because it's not open enrollment and they don't have a qualifying life event that makes them eligible.
The kid with the brace that had been drinking, the school do anything about it?
You can say "anal".
Too much sun, k thanx
And some just get caught up in the responsibility of family, it's expensive if you want to give your family anything more than the basics.
"The state of nature is a state of war." -Hobbes (iirc)
/r/mypeopleneedme
I'm 72, 67 feels so long ago. 14,800xp is just an insane amount of xp. If you're not squading with friends with xp boosts 80 just feels impossible for most. I was quite disappointed to hit 100, unlock Omega, only to then find I've got work to do to get all the way to 80. They say you can unlock everything in, what 75-150 hrs of gameplay? Well, I'm sorry but 150 hrs is still not enough to hit level 80 for most people. Either they intended for only people who paid and unlocked tiers early (to unlock +xp boosts) and for really good players with high kill and win counts to get there or they really screwed up their math. This season is going to end with a lot of people in the 70s pissed off they didn't get that last piece because the XP was so high.
Completely agree. How's it going to feel when you grind the last couple weeks and only hit 76 or 77? ugh.
That 50% statistics always used to come with "in the first two years". Basically saying, if a marriage failed, half of all marriages that failed did so in the first two years. That got watered down to the simple "half of all marriages fail" by the time everyday people start spreading misinterpretation.
Let me sum up for you: We're Fucked
So methed up.
I'm on vacay too, taking my PC and I'll just drop and hide for three days if I have to.
Same, going back and looking I see it, but it's still ugly af.
Out?
Pretty sure you and your friends are the greivers here.
Don't wait till the last minute to pay your bill. Mail it in, website, by phone. It's not like a water bill comes as a shock when it arrives.
So, how do they tie in with the DNC? At all or do they just run as Democrats?
As an older Democrat I can't even tell you really WHO or WHAT the party is for. They've spent so long playing it soft, either doing nothing or compromising too hard.
They probably aren't worth much tbh. I had a 500 dvd collection at one point. Eventually I tossed all the cases and just bought something like [this](https://www.amazon.com/Silver-Aluminum-Storage-Mess-Free-Sleeves/dp/B00EZXUI00/ref=sr_1_19?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1530270770&amp;sr=8-19&amp;keywords=cd+boxes+storage). That way, I still have them, rather than take a huge loss on them and they don't take up any space. As streaming continues to change, no matter what happens I'll always have those films that I actually OWN, you never own a stream.
Pretty sure comparing skin color to shit and saying specifically "black people" makes it clearly 100% racist. It could just as easily be acne on a tanned white person or any other dark-skinned, non-black skin tone and it wouldn't be neccessarily racist on just that but she targeted black people specifically.
&gt; Duct tape a coke can Everyone knows a Coke Zero can gives +2hp over a Classic Coke can.
This road, its bumps, it gives my tire lumps.
Like the day before I think? He definitely tweeted it.
He wouldn't let us cuff'm.
Thanks for details.
The logistics of data on paper in the form of an encyclopedia is just so inefficient. Paper, ink, transportation, space. Print encyclopedias are already obsolete, but they may never go completely away. There are millions of sets out there already and there will always be someone with money looking for a nice looking set for a study, so that market may exist for a long time yet.
&gt; How many more people go out of their way to go see a game when he’s in town? I once travelled to watch Jordan play BASEBALL. LeBron could quit and do the same and would pull people from all over. Sometimes you go to watch a game, other times you go to see LeBron.
&gt; My father-in-law was obsessed with getting one about 4 years ago. I've had one in my glove box that long, heh.
I turned JRE off after he became a platform for stupidness like Peterson, Shapiro, and Flat Earthers. He acts like these are just jokes and he just wants to hear all sides but instead he's given wide audience to some of the worst ideas of the last 2 years. And if it's not this stuff it's the same lame stories and jokes over and over and over
And with this administration you can be as racist as you want! The 50s were great!
People aren't dropping them.
Yeah, he always wanted to be the hero but couldn't, until the serum. Then, he got to be the hero, but we also get to see him realize that being the hero isn't black and white.
Do we still hang people for treason?
&gt;I also know he leaves his machine on while he’s not using it and I see it just running all the time, which I’m also not crazy about him doing with mine. Depending on the power draw, leaving a couple gaming rigs running full time can have a noticeable impact on your utility bill, btw.
He took 3 steps after he stopped dribbling, isn't that a walk/travel/whatever?
The Flat Earthers get way too much attention because people like Joe Rogan have a HUGE audience and talk about it constantly.
&lt;grabs popcorn&gt;
Just go first man, for real. By the time it's all over, no one remember who went first anyway. The whole group is just as nervous as you are.
But women earn 75% of what men earn? She's clearly underpaid as a result of her chacha. Better to put that chacha to work as a bossbabe than let the patriarchy take her profits, or something.
Call centers are almost temp jobs given how high the turnover is in that industry.
No, you work more, way more usually. The only business owners that work less are the ones with lots of money or have already built the business to a point it doesn't need them there every moment.
If you need an HIV kit every 3 months, you might want to slow down on the random fucking.
Flat Earth has gotten waaay too much attention both as a meme and by people like Joe Rogan. No reason to even argue with a FE, they are either perpetuating the meme or they believe it and aren't worth your time. The whole thing is a social distraction.
Is there a scandal about to break or one already ongoing?
What does your lease say about repairs? You probably aren't liable but read your lease.
Everyone around her is wearing coats, how cold she must be.
$1000/mth for a car is completely reasonable. He's a football coach, he's going to hang around the largest dudes you can find, from players to his coaches and staff, it takes a big SUV to pull that kind of people around, safely. That kind of vehicle isn't cheap and it's going to have to be rented or leased, very likely rented to avoid a long-term contract. I've known plenty of people who get rental cars as part of their monthly budgets with $500-1000 spend limits. So this is in line. A 3million dollar policy is, again, not unreasonable. That's like a $3000/yr benefit on the premium. Everyone wanted to know why UofL went with this guy, it's because he was basically dirt cheap. Look at what UofL has been paying in the past for football/basketball coaches and this is a refreshing break. Don't expect for a moment that if this guy comes in and turns the program around in 2 seasons that it won't be negotiated higher, but for now, this is all pretty reasonable.
I see, anyone with s perspective that doesn't fit your world view is a troll, got it. Have fun with that.
She expects men to pay for everything.....where's baby daddy? He's a man and not paying a cent. She's a hypocrite. You go forward with this relationship you are going to kill your chance of getting that BA. You will do all the work, earn all the money, and take all the attitude she can throw when you don't do something she expects. You already say you would have to get another job, how does that fit with school? Does that sounds fair to you? You need to keep working on you and not try to be a "fixer" for her. She and her kid are not your problem right now.
That's what they mean, sounds like they are just unfamiliar with the feature.
Interesting. I grew up in germantown in the 80s and never heard this story.
Better than the rest, no, but the easiest to get, certainly. 1 game for 1 ICR is solid value, at least until you have a sizable collection. For a new player, 1st ICR every day, as the 5th daily quest, is probably the correct strat. Once you have better tier decks and a larger collection, even the 1st ICR drops in value, but it's still just 5th win. If you're doing a daily quest you're likely to get 4-5 wins in the process.
Can confirm: just got back into mtg because of Arena, don't give af about mtgo and I have an old collection there.
Only there for 4mths and taking time off, barely outside 90 days at the point, has long been a way to get canned from a new job. Been there 4mths and already badmouthing the place, smart move. The new employee who's missed some days and bashing management can certainly be seen as a dark cloud. Instead of coming on and being a positive hire, you came in and fell right into the same toxic culture management is probably trying to prevent. Sounds like a poor fit for you and them, but I wouldn't go around blaming them for your firing, sounds like that's in you.
His scream, to me, sounds a lot like "NOW I HAVE TO MORTGAGE THE HOUSE AND DRAIN MY 401K!!!!!"
Arena has a lot to learn from MTGO in terms of collection management interface.
Magic Arena codes are a gateway drug.
"Lock HIM up!" Oh how the turns have tabled.
If you don't look closely the title might look like "my girlfriend holding the moan", in which case you come in expecting a different kind of picture.
The immediate take away, just a random theme-ish deck.
How does OP give someone the middle finger?
It's not the size, it's how you use it!
Fuck you, I won't do what ya tell me.
I play an Izzet Drakes deck with only 8 Rares (Lands) and zero Mythics that I usually pilot to 3-5 wins. There are plenty of budget decks that do fine in constructed events.
Bestof1 bestof3
Cant really argue mental illness on antisocial disorder grounds when this supposed shut-in managed to drag himself to a rally of other like-minded people.
Last summer? Doesn't look like it's healing well. Might be time for a doctor.
Under promise, over deliver.
Ya, systemically raping children is so far beyond a "moral failing" I can't even make out the words as what to call it. Monstrous? Evil? Damning? The catholic church, from Tiny School, Nowhere all the way to the Vatican (at least now 3rd from the top) has spent, at least, the last SEVENTY years fucking children and actively covering it up at all levels of their organization. How does anyone still call themselves a catholic?
Ant-Man origin, guy has potential, but makes a mistake and winds up in prison, and is now a felon with limited opportunities is probably the most modern relative story of any of the major MCU characters.
Soooooo basically Coco?
Have you ever tried being an ass to your girlfriend...on weeeed?
Duplicates in Limited will probably give credit toward WCs.
Hello incel.
Better off getting a job and buying gems than wasting hours grinding for pennies worth of value in-game. Which is what all these changes are for, cutting off the stream of easy cards and guiding people toward buying gems.
Which is the exact point I've made, but when you apply objectivity to a circlejerk, the dumbs get upset.
"I know" No, you don't.
Go on, keep believing men are victims just because a meme tells you so.
It's the only way to explain why they all seem to have the same truck. There are guys that drive trucks then there are Truck Guys.
Can confirm, spent many years as an arsonist.
This is actually how modern witches draw their circles.
Isn't it by design that if winrates are forced as close to 50/50 as possible (due to MMR) then fewer players can "go infinite", in one mode or another, meaning more player have to keep pumping $$$ into Gems or stay F2P.
It's totally that. The mtga meta is Eldest Reborn anywhere you find Black, it does so much work for 1 card and 4mana. Been havi ng the worst time running izzet drakes the last week. Eldest Reborn and Chupacabras everywhere.
There's an expansion like 6wks out. I have no problem dropping $100 on packs each xpac, but not while they show no grasp of a good economy. So, I'll have to stay F2P until wotc shows me I'm buying into a longterm, and stable, platform and not another Magic Duels 2015.
No Dusting prevents F2P from multi-accounting. In HS you just dust everything not Druid related on your Druid account, for example, allowing you to turn everything you earn in game (daily gold and reward packs) into whatever you want. WotC is making it clear that you either must buy gems (via forced 50/50 through mmr) or remain F2P and stuck with RNG rewards. They want no one to go infinite and to build a system with no easy loopholes.
Heh, "selfish prick".
Think it's a colorblind joke?
What's it look like?
Yeah, Reddit back in 1987 was a special place.
Better the one making a lame joke than the one so angry at a lame joke that they make a public ass of themselves over it. You need to relax.
As an old returning player I'm still running across cards and interactions I don't know and the stack display makes it a pain in the ass to make decisions at times. I've had to burn rope and hop to my browser to search just PART of a card name I can see, but not completely, in order to know what is going on. Add auto-triggers and things get stupid.
Yeah, the more squeak, the more grease. There are gameplay impacting UI issues that should be addressed, such as this one, before they jump too far into more content.
4 max of any card
The people with lawyers don't go around telling you they are going to all them, they just call them. If someone says that to you then know it's like 99% bs.
Eh, Looks like a lot of blood, but nothing that indicates a dog was in that bloody corner. No bloody paw prints anywhere? If it's legit then burglar cut themselves on glass (but then where is the glass, why did that get cleaned up but not the blood?) and bleed out. Else the whole thing is fake, likely someone who likes pits and pissing off anti-pit folks.
What's the don't buy from Walmart about? Something specific or just Walmart in general?
Perhaps the LGS could work with her, and any other heavy proxy users, to at least verify they are real proxy (she actually owns them) and not just faked cards. I would think the store would have an interest in allowing one action while prohibiting the other. At home who cares about proxy, but in an LGS I think there should be some baseline for when it's acceptable. When you come into an LGS with a bag full of proxy decks full of cards you may not own it seems a bit disingenuous and against the spirit of LGS play.
Trump golfs while America burns.
Krakatoa Krakatoa II: Daughter of Flame
Had to blow the dust off this joke before I read it.
Start jerking and whisper, "race ya" just loud enough for him to surely hear.
He has the deadest of eyes.
34 years is a lot of rendering, but then, the best they had for computers at the time was tin cans and string.
Yes, either in packs as you open them or by opening packs. Any normal booster counts (draft/sealed packs do not).
Anything worth putting on a Planeswalker Enchantment is probably better used as an ability on an actual Planeswalker.
Not yet.
"tightly"
To remove.
Iffy Lube
Fuck off Pope, you and you church literally fuck children.
28 life is a massive amount of math to account for, you can't just make stuff up.
Not just burn it, but lock the kids in the bathroom and then go to the barn for the gas can. There's a lot of steps/organization going on for something sudden. Probably someone the GF knew and who knew the family to some degree, she ran her mouth about her BF parents being gone and the house being empty, someone comes to rob an empty house, finds the kids there, knows the kids could ID them so sets about covering their tracks. Kids probably familiar with the person in order to have been locked into bathroom, too much order there, could have been armed, but maybe only a knife, enough to be a threat but not easily do the job of silencing the kids. Probably lead them to bathroom, told them to stay quiet and it would be over with (the robbery) soon. Assume a 2nd person involved who didn't like that idea, grabbed gas and started the fire. Can't leave witnesses. If it wasn't a robbery by someone they were familiar with then it has to just be a random act, which is more terrifying. No indication given they were sexually assaulted, fire is often used to cover what was done (worse than fire) or to silence a witness/evidence. Or, someone else in town knew they'd be gone and planned to rob the place and it all went wrong when they found the kids home.
2 Dimir Guildgate (GRN) 245 2 Artful Takedown (GRN) 151 7 Island (RIX) 193 8 Swamp (RIX) 194 2 Lich's Caress (M19) 105 3 Cold-Water Snapper (DAR) 48 2 Devious Cover-Up (GRN) 35 3 Divination (M19) 51 3 Dead Weight (GRN) 67 4 Opt (DAR) 60 3 Essence Scatter (M19) 54 4 Moment of Craving (RIX) 79 2 Fungal Infection (DAR) 94 2 Submerged Boneyard (M19) 257 2 Skeleton Archer (M19) 118 2 Mephitic Vapors (GRN) 76 2 Arcane Flight (DAR) 43 4 Burglar Rat (GRN) 64 1 Swamp (XLN) 270 2 Watcher in the Mist (GRN) 59 Enough cheap removal (and counters) to hold off aggro early game, enough life-gain to to stabalize in many scenarios, enough instants to give you flexibility on your opponents turn creating a lot of profitable trades or 2for1s. Play the long game, control the board, eventually land a Snapper with Arcane Flight and be close to unstoppable. The only matches I lose are mana-screw, aggro with a perfect start, and then trade with the various U/B mirrors (like OPs).
Certainly.
The closest Hearthstone ever felt, for me, was playing Secret Mage and even then, it wasn't true opponent interaction, it was some bastard, quasi-interaction that most average opponents could play around. Outside of that the meta was always some form of Druid or Rogue. With 9 classes I think it is just way to hard to achieve balance that feels fun, interesting, and unique to the class enough to create more than a stale meta.
With the absolute silence around Pence and his connection to Manafort, I'm guessing there's a shoe left to drop soon. My guess, Pence doesn't make it halfway through 2019 before he's gone and there's a new VP. Pence OKAYed Manafort, Pence has long been seen as being chosen as a Ford -&gt; Nixon type scenario. If it looks like, and it will, a federal pardon does no good, the Republican party (and at the time, Trump) will replace Pence in order to get a more favorable candidate to everyone. Someone more favorable to Trump who isn't tied to Manafort and the campaign who will likely pardon him of Federal crimes.. and.... Someone more favorable to the GOP platform going into the last half of 2019 and 2020 into the election, if not to win the WH then to at least not hurt turnout in down-ticket races. Edit: My guess for WHO Trump would pick and Congress would approve: Paul Ryan as VP after Pence goes down.
There's only one thing that they're good for!
Maybe it works for you, but imo, you got some work to do. Check my recent post history for a UB deck like what you have here. Edit: not to be rude, as you say, your list isn't optimized.
Nada
Tell me about 4-way Stops.
As a previous HS player and longtime MTG player the fundamental problem with HS is there are 9 classes plus neutral they have to balance, that's just not possible. In a game with no interactivity with your opponent, that leaves very narrow design space for each of the classes in which to achieve that balance. As a result you get stale expansions, power creep, or both. And ultimately it leaves the player wanting more or simply getting bored and moving on. How many millions of inactive HS accounts are there anyway?
Amazing that I can read OPs post and use their own impression of the deck to describe it, they admit as much. More amazing still you feel the need to be an asshole for an ill-imagined nothing in a magic the gathering forum.
There we go, thought something was off there. Other reason Pence has to go for the GOP, can they risk Trump and Pence going down close enough together to trigger Pelosi rising to the office.
See: Kevin Spacey
Unless the one trapped is the asshole who is taking up assigned parking that isn't theirs.
I don't understand people that buy into these super expensive phones, they rarely do anything more than a phone 1/5th their price does. I stream videos at work through Netflix on my $100 sub-class Galaxy with no problem for dozens of hours a week, I have enough storage, memory, and processing to run any game worth playing on a phone. I couldn't imaging doing all the same stuff I do now but using a $1000 phone just because it recognizes my thumbprint or my eyeball or has a cool name on it. That $800 difference is gas money for the year, a small vacation, or just an extra $50/mth so you don't feel like you live paycheck to paycheck.
That's the pack OP is in, yes, but I believe the card in question is in his deck, having already been picked in a previous pack.
If I could always open with the only Duress in my deck I would play it in every Bx Control. I want to know your hand, I want to wreck the plan you didn't mulligan, but I never want a Duress anytime other than T1.
I spent my 7th grade civics class staring at a two posters: one about the fall of the Berlin Wall, the other, simply said: "What is right, is not ways popular. What is popular, is not ways right." I have never forgotten it.
I'm with you, I'm still not seeing what this person did. Everyone around here drives worse than anything that van did.
One of the first decks beyond NPE that anyone should build is Mono Blue. It teaches the basics of control and is still a viable deck in CE and Ranked.
It was inches from his buddies face.
What is this, a thumbnail for ants?
A million of my fellow Kentuckians are holding our whole nation hostage by reelecting McConnell over and over. We need someone running against him like an O'Rourke. Mitch's career must end in electoral defeat, not retirement or death.
On point 2, I think digital magic really highlights the rigid rule structure of actual magic, which is probably a shock to many casuals who come from less rule strict environments. Digital magic is far more unforgiving. Not only do you need to know the actual rules and interactions of the game but also learn a UI through which you interact with those rules, I'm sure it makes for an even more steep and intimidating learning curve for many new players.
Without any air, that cow becomes steak.
Stop playing your white aggro for a while. I've been having a blast with my UB Control in Pauper. Got my 4xFireminds days ago and I still queue Pauper for the fun of it.
A schooner is a sailboat stupid head.
There is an Arena Pauper Discord you can find games through.
https://discord.gg/a4bW2Xx
Not really, this stuff goes on all over the place in retail. The more surprising part is district management/loss prevention was so bad as to not catch it. This kind of employee theft accounts for more losses than actual shoplifting.
Gambit
Not how I would have considered using my olive forks.
1984 was definately a different time, not to be ageist, but it really was "the past", not just pre-internet, but pre home-pc, pre-gaming consoles, pre-modern technology. My guess, is either someone followed her throughout the day, realizing she was alone, or, more likely, someone at the hotel picker her out and managed to follow her later at night, perhaps to vending (which were much more prominent a hotel feature in the 1980s). Even more, her daughter was in bed in pjs, she was found paritally nude with her panties down, maybe she put her kid to bed, presumably safely, in a "Disney" hotel, and went down to the bar to have a drink and unwind from the day. Doesn't plan on hooking up but someone takes notice and follows her back. Would explain how she was half undressed but not sexually assaulted. Perp gets in, attempts to assault her, daughter wakes up, perp panics and shoots kid, then has to kill mother and run. All happens in less than a minute. Being 1984 there are no cameras around and being so early in the morning, everyone is asleep and doesn't hear it, it wakes them up but they assume its because they're on vacay, or are too drunk to care.
Only mostly dead.
Probably chasing down a kid with a kite.
"Lead" is such a strong word, more like "controls".
Size of the clay tiles or the ramp itself are also different. OPs ramp covers nearly 1.5+ full clay tiles, the package barely covers 0.5 of a clay tile. Also, no words under the ramp on the packaging. Source: Did Highlights magazines as a kid, I can spot the difference.
Yep, I saw that initially.
True.
Right back at you, mom. &lt;click&gt;
It'll take a couple events to get going tbh. /r/pauperarena took a while to get going.
Hell, remember that time the CIA planted missles in Cuba and got JFK all in a tizzy?
It's defintely a format where there will be fewer people with both the collection and interest to come together to figure out some meta.
Learnt and Burnt
Ill-Gotten Inheritance
SHP
Upsized.
Punisher Skull with a "Blue Line" tooth even.
Okay, Shran on the bridge for S5 of Enterprise would have been amazing!
In Summary: "Duh."
NIMY Light Folk didn't raise a peep about the new Mercedes Dealership out on the Snyder. Go past it while it's dark, it's way, way too bright.
"Snuck" or as others say, right near the God damn center for everyone to see. Yes, snuck.
What does an ill-fitting floor mat have to do with cheap carpet?
YTA. Catholics spent decades raping children and here you are catering to their version of morality because it's easier for you.
Money talks and bullshit walks. I agree. They aren't likely to develop a third platform without abandoning MTGA or MODO, and MODO is more likely to stop being updated before Arena is (unless Wizards feels MTGA can be cut loose like Duels, which at this point would do serious harm to the brand). Which means, if Wizards wants to reap digital revenue of this kind of product they are going to HAVE to implement it on MTGA. I bet we start seeing sets like this as soon as next year.
Eh, if they are going to be this poorly ran then so what if they get banned. OP got hosed.
Fuck off OP. "Mysteriously"? The article even says heart attack at age 60. That's no mystery at all.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride
YTA. You should have left sooner, obviously. And, here you are today, looking for validation and can't remember of you even late a y of the food, which is important INFO to know. But really, you probably did eat it. You waited 55mins to get it and had to time to grab something elsewhere, and that you don't remember seems convenient cover for not immediately being the asshole.
That's a lot of beer.
Blonde Smeagol, exactly what I thought.
Self-interested at best. If you're rich, I get it, these people are on you side. But if you're upper-middle class on down, there's no reason to support these people other than they make you feel good, because their policies are not designed to help you in anyway.
It really is.
B. Arnold was attempting to hand over West Point and General Washington to the British.
Maybe not by 18th century standards, but by 21st century standards, one can argue the election aid provided by Russia was in effect a Cyber War, one that is still ongoing and the US is doing nothing to combat as its perpetuation helps Trump stay in power.
15 minutes can save you 15% or more on your Invasion Insurance by switching to Vandal Mutual.
Reminds me of Firelink Shrine in Dark Souls. Firelink on the Left, Undead Burg on the Right, and a vendor selling boss armor under the bridge.
Can't have an hierarchy if everyone's equal.
DQ because he's a real Blizzard.
Why?
Having a friend that can do all this is like those DIY projects that need a couple grand in tools and years of experience.
Eh, an interesting theory, but they've also been texting. And besides sleeping with your former bully to plot some half-baked rape story isnt something most people, married people especially, are likely to do.
We have our primary and rental with Nationwide, had the best rates over everyone else a couple months ago. We were with Liberty Mutual who did the same to us that you mention.
Looks like meats back on the menu!
Steve is a bad roommate and ya, this situation has only just began. Looking forward to the next post about her not paying for food she eats, or utilities, or Steve wanting to alter the rent payment structure in their favor.
That's such a cop out answer. It's not even what she was asked.
They re-hired Gunn for GotG3, so they certainly aren't beyond reassessing such high-level decisions with their IP.
Yup, same. come on 2021 so that patent gets opened up. you'll see the price drop a lot. Though, I still wouldn't buy a non-sawstop the first few years just because I'm not going to trust the new players with old tech until they have their manufacturing down solid. Buying a safety net from someone just learning to make nets is not the best of ideas, ya know?
ffs that spelling
The abandonment origin is part of the story of Romulus and Remus.
Also, dollar for dollar, sidewalls are among the best investments a city can make.
You know what they say, a mine is a terrible thing to waste.
Seriously, what's more important: teaching your kids to love and accept (the most important lesson of Jesus that many Christians fail at) or teaching them that gay is bad and those people, no matter how good in other ways, should be shunned? Because this is a teaching moment that they will carry with them the rest of their lives.
Really? This joke is as old as Herodotus.
NTA for wanting it, but YTA if you keep bringing it up. Your SO has made it clear she's monogamous and pushing the issue is a dick move. You may not be sexually compatible if this is something you need that she doesn't want, and that's okay.
Just cut ties none of this is worth the hassle. It's headache now you don't need and baggage later you'll have to carry around and sort out. Let your ex's be your ex's and move on. Be civil if you see them, but don't try to make even a friendship work.
A "niceguy".
It should be noted this will only really apply to new cars and not everyone buys, or can afford, a new car. Especially when mentioning incentives which almost always only apply to new purchases. The rest of us will just be buying that gas trade-in., unless the incentive is part of a program that junks the car and gets it off the road entirely.
Kaizan, the philosophy of continual improvement.
No, it's been a Japanese business philosophy since the 1950s. There are processes, like lean, that are used to achieve kaizen, but continual improvement is a philosophy more than it is a technical procedure.
&gt; A professional wrapper indeed. For real, look how quick she works.
Maybe he sells costumes on Amazon.
Nah, you just have reason to notice and remember. Like when you or someone you know buys a new car and you suddenly see that make and model everywhere. It was always there you just didn't have reason to relate or anchor the memory.
I'd be shocked if that hay trailer didn't get clipped out of frame.
Her what?
It sucks because it's just popcorn and it's overpriced af.
Roast of the 20s.
&gt; laws about how far from the property line a new construction can be That's literally what "setback" in the post you are replying to means, you didn't really need to say the same thing in more words.
There's no reason to be so sensitive.
Maybe your son will grow up to be Mad Max.
It's a good thing we're discussing possibilities after the next election and, you know, not talking about who it should be right this second.
&gt; but I think you could maybe say that he doesn't love you enough to possibly stand up to his wife. It really does feel that way.
That's the place we go if the zombie thing ever happens.
Kylo Ren was a pussy and ruined the movies far more than he "carried" them, lol.
Meat? Edit: you have all missed the reference.
Sneaker Spaghetti. Thumbnail looks like shoelaces.
They even let him wear his badge in his mugshot, of course he's proud.
If you let S3 stay then whenever S1 or S2 breakup with their BFsz guess where they are gonna wanna live?
I'll be out tomorrow and taking off next Thursday so I can hunt Thurs-Mon to close out our(Ky) season. Good luck!
Buck would be nice, but I'm not picky. Crossbow as well.
This is my first season hunting, didn't get my orange card until the very end of October so I have no reason to be picky and every outing is a learning experience even without a score.
You joke but some nations, such as Russia, are in favor of Global Warming/Climate Change specifically because it will warm their nation, thaw long-frozen fields, allow easier access to natural resources, as well as thaw Russias Northern Coast, allowing Russia to acquire what it has long sought, independent access to the worlds oceans. As is, Russia must rely heavily on the Black Sea for its ship traffic, which means dealing with Turkey and the EU, which Russia wants to get around.
Fallout: Revolution
Older generations with no retirement is WHY they support Trump. Imagine getting wrecked during the 08 Recession, seeing the banks and automakers bailed out, meanwhile you lose your job, go through your savings, deplete your retirement. Then the recovery of the last decade passes you by. Millennials, especially women and minorities, get better jobs and more opportunities, a minority becomes POTUS and then nearly a woman. Meanwhile, your broke. Your lifetime earnings was cut down in your prime earning years and you lost a precious decade of compound interest on your accounts. This is where we see a lot of the 45-65 yr olds who were so eager to support someone who could tap into their anger and fears, so, we get Trump.
Better than they used to, better than these people think they should have, and better jobs and opportunities than these people themselves gave. Dont be dense.
Squirting is piss, not shit, wrong biological function.
First night in my first apartment 20 years ago someone put an ice pick through all my tires, that was fun.
You're just growing up and finally getting the jokes OP, congrats.
He looks like a 40yr old skateboarder, I could see this guy kicking it with Tony Hawk.
This is a shitpost based on the real life story posted to reddit in the last 12hrs about the 8 buckets of gold coins a couple found on their property.
There was a father-son wood chipper team, story from early 2018 (IIRC). They were working, son was at the chipper, father turned around for a moment and when he looked back his son was just going into the chipper. He couldn't do a thing but watch his son go through. Then he had a heart attack and died. That poor wife/mother, awful way to end up alone.
When your argument closes by quoting John Wilkes Booth (twice in as many sentences no less) , you're probably on the wrong side of whatever you're arguing. It's amazing the number of people trying to fearmonger over this for their own attention. The senators words are clearly angled to appeal to those who've made guns too much a part of their personal belief system while at the same failing to apply reason as they fall prey to the propaganda of others.
Correct.
There are too few people getting slapped and too few people doing so slapping. Assault isn't cool, but once someone has spent several minutes verbally harassing you in an aggressive manner in a place where you can't always or easily get away (such as at the check-out), a firm, open-handed smack across their face may be justified.
Biden is the kind of manager who thinks you just need to reduce your expenses to remain solvent, streamline staffing, closely monitor variable costs, and trim operational budgets across your departments, all without ever understanding what's going on within each area or looking for a better way to do things. In other words, he can't think outside the box he's already in, which limits his tools and his vision. Joe Biden is the Sears of the Democratic Party
half-portion
No, not a third Reich thing, an American Reich thing. Members of the 3% ran security for the Nazi's at Charlottesville, so they are clearly a group that sympathizes with, if not outright supports, racism and Nazi ideology.
They are.
I was making a time-travel joke...
Is that not how you left it? What's changed?
We got one fuct up car and we've got an OP filming on a cellphone while driving, idiots all around.
NTA - I wouldn't even have knocked on doors, I'd take sufficient pics, then call the police, or a tow company. Then I'd be keeping an eye on that spot in the spring ready to take the owner to small claims for any damages should I need to. Park IN someone's front yard, hell no.
I smell bullshit. OP magically has an in depth answer for everything someone brings up.
&gt; Anyway, I think the only error in this hand was that by checking the flop behind, you give AK a chance to catch up in a spot when you might be ahead. I agree and will add, not betting, in position especially, fails to answer the reason behind just calling PF "I don't know if I'm ahead". By checking Flop you learn literally nothing. Meanwhile, a hand like QQ is totally in opponents range. On this flop, JJ is either way ahead or way behind and checking in position heads up is just bad when you already question your strength. Bet and find out so you can make better decisions on the later streets.
How did it all shake out, or is it still on-going in the courts?
"Republican conservative" and "voted for Clinton in 2016" sounds like madness here in 2020.
Rape/adultery immediately make Kobe a piece of shit, so what he was good at a game. OP, hell, no one, should ever feel like Kobe was better than they are. It's been pretty disgusting watching the internet go a big fake rubbery one forgetting just who Kobe was as a man.
He literally admitted to committing adultery....
Well, not committing adultery is literally one of the commandments, so.... Meanwhile, ya, we should hold celebrity to some standard. Expecting people not to cheat on their spouse is not a difficult thing to ask or a very high bar. Our society needs more integrity and less celebrity worship, instead we have less integrity and more celebrity worship.
Not really, it's practically indecipherable as is.
As a Simpsonville resident I was unaware a Wings and Rings was coming, this is good news.
If you don't want someone throwing your religion back at you, then you shouldn't start throwing around crucifixion.
It's like talking to a brick wall. Goodbye
Just did an assignment for a class. Apparently, the company American Apparel was looking to post fireworks footage for July 4th and somehow posted a picture of the Challenger explosion thinking it was fireworks. Facepalm.
Because mom is a broken person, likely stuck in a lifetime cycle of abuse.
Bought in for $600 10x.
&lt;shocked pikachu&gt;
Brush with the law for an unrelated offence sounds most likely. They arrested him using what sounds like an unrelated warrant from 2009 and then only after taking his DNA and putting through CODIS-type systems. My guess is maybe he did keep going and started using condoms or changed up his MO or area .making it only look like he stopped in 2002. Maybe never know.
He ded
Seriously. "Oh, I'm not too skinny, I'm only half-way to my goal weight, still so much work to do!" "Tapeworms are terrible! I hope you never have to experience it, you'll go through so much toilet paper, but at least I can fit my old jeans!" "It's cancer and none of your business." "I've been donating organs, wanted to streamline my systems for efficiency."
We're talking about people who abandoned Democracy when they realized they really were going to have to share in power and wealth with non-whites and women. They loved Democracy so long as their kind were the dominant voting block, but now that the electoral projections highly disfavor them, they are maneuvering the power structure to their interest. Authoritarianism is preferable to Democracy when Democracy means the majority shifts out of your favor, risking your long-held security.
How have you been engaged to this pos for 6 years? You know it's time to walk.
Very not new and very dead.
YTA - this is a stupid hill to die on. Sexist? You've taken feminism a little to far if you think a formal wedding invitation erases your exist because some version of your name isn't there. Hell, did you take your husband's last name? If so you're an even bigger asshole for this.
YTA - hiding important things like sexuality from a partner is wrong. If you knew, you should have said something. He's YTA too for his own reasons, but both of you are beyond ESH.
For real. Dad is coming off more like he can't control looking at young naked flesh and his daughter his pushing his limits of control. He's a complete creep. For heavens sake don't bring your girlfriends around, he'll surely be eye-fucking them too.
"...she's never going to change." Yes, mom, that's the problem.
That's so unfair, she's only 21, give her time to learn to be a VP...../s
NTA - she participated in a fantasy with another couple, that's cheating.
YTA - clearly. It's not your house, it's your parents. Your sister owes you nothing here. You are not entitled.....even though you act that way.
...why does dad being concerned or over-protective make him "creepy" and warrant No Contact?
That's how you know this is fake. OP is just feeding everyone lines for the next update.
"I don't give a fuck bc whatever say won't change my mind" See, she doesn't give a fuck, so she's completely okay with what the university did.
Yawn.
&lt;surprised pikachu&gt;
OP is a selfish selfish asshole. It could have been an injured child instead of a broken clock
It's not a guilt trip, it's a reality check. Maybe his next victim will report him, but then, maybe not. Standing up to predators is tough. Maybe share your story with OP so as to encourage them to not make the mistake you did?
But the bar is lower for civil cases, he may get hit with a civil lawsuit or two here soon.
That's rough, I'm sorry you have to go through that.
Hey look, someone else who thinks victims should remain silent and have no voice. Shame on me? Shame on you for standing by while these people hurt others. Shame on you for stealing the voice of victims. Shame on you for attacking those who support victims and argue for reporting of these crimes. How dare you. You are as much a part of the problem as the professor in your little story. Real victims deserve our support. Mot people like you who would have us turn our backs on them. Reprehensible.
That's the correct look.
Not just a public place....in thr kitchen while cooking communal fucking dinner, gross.
"She looks up to you" "Makes sense as after what she did I now look down on her"
Mayor Fischer should resign, he's been a tone-deaf piece of shit through this whole thing. Source: Louisvillian born and raised.
&gt; racist toward his son OP admits to using a variety of animal names as a term of endearment and because they chose monkey for a kid climbing all over everything, that happens to be half-black, they're automatically racist? I'm not defending racism, not at all, but as told, OP isn't coming off as racist, tone-def, sure, but racist, no. That's why I say they're both talking past one another rather than listening. The kids dad is raising a valid concern while OP isn't being actually racist. The sad reality is this post is fake, crafted specifically to draw this kind of distinction and, given the current climate, paint anyone who says anything that could be even remotely interpreted as racist the license to do so. If the kid was completely white no one would be batting an eye over this, but because he's half-black it's automatically racist, which it is not. It IS tone-def on the part of OP, and that makes them an asshole. But the kids father is also an asshole for jumping to the conclusion that the nickname is racist and then perpetuating their conclusion by acting out in their social media space. What is going on is not fair to the kid, OP, or the kids father. And because the adults are talking past one another, rather than resolving the issue like adults, ESH.
If progressives didn't learn from Never Hillary that they pull a Never Biden then we all deserve 4 more years of Trump, and America, whatever that means, isn't worth saving.
"I gotta say, today was a good day".
Because this family agrees with the essence of his jokes/comments and doesn't 100% approve of OPs lifestyle choices.
&gt; needs the money What bad investments, is he that broke? Rags to Riches stories are great, but I really enjoy Riches to Rags tales just as much.
He's deflecting with the "don't speak about politics" and "around her" lines of argument. Meanwhile, B claims she's too young to be exposed to this stuff, meanwhile she's the one that's perpetrating it and exposing others to it, she's not some "young" victim who needs protecting, she's someone old enough to know right from wrong who did a bad thing regardless.
Right? Dude says we should then put up a replacement statue...of the same man...but later in life after he'd said some nice words. You don't get to start a fire and then get lauded for showing up to help after everyone else has put your fire out.
You wouldn't download a tv dinner.
Maybe even explore making an arrangement with pops to care for him so long as he divorces her or otherwise amends his will such that OP and husband are compensated accordingly for their physical, emotional, and financial contributions. $2500/mth is a lot of money. How many months of that can you justify or afford? How long will his treatment last? What's next? Where's the end? All to preserve assets for a spouse who appears to have only married to inherit anyway? No thanks.
YTA - John Cena is greatly disappointed in OPs willingness to be at all accommodating to their 7yr old, sure to be a short life, brother. No one is asking OP to give up their whole life and dedicate hers to his, just be the adult sister to a sick 7 yr old, it's not the end of the world....for OP anyway.
Hot take.
&gt;US Police never fails to surprise me That's why they don't like to knock.
&gt; used to be super stoked on Columbus When you have a US holiday named just for you AND US schoolbooks, for generations, written around Columbus and his discovery of the New World, it's going to take a long time for the shine to wear off.
Statues are propaganda, not history, yup.
The problem isn't that you can't convince any one of them, it's that once your conversation is over they go back to their communities where culture reinforces the original world view and the person you talk to can't reconstruct the arguements you gave them well enough to defend themselves or persuade those around them otherwise.
That's....legit....omg
Which is the only reason this vote is happening, to quell the backlash over a blank report. This is a half measure, nothing more. Louisville should not let up. Mayor Fischer needs to resign. More changes need be made.
Meanwhile most of it has some amount of ethanol in it to screw with our 2strokes.
Fuck the sentiment that Tabemaju is pushing, that people should be happy. They should be angry still.
You leave it up to her. You tell her how you feel about it and then let her decide. If she helps them, then you leave. Your position on how to spend "your" money doesn't matter to her and they will always come first. I don't see a mention of children and you're both young. This is a situation that if it had come up while you were dating would have likely been a financial red flag.
He's term limited now, in his second term. He's been around awhile and has mostly been an ineffective leader, a lot of this has gone on under his watch. The problem now, since he's term limited, is he's a Lame Duck. He doesn't have to do anything but run out the clock, which leaves the current state of affairs in a position to not be resolved timely or effectively. Fischer resigning would allow him to get out of the way, move onto his post-mayorial career, and allow someone else to step in and address the issues at hand.
The look great for having been together for 40yrs.
&gt; knew They were screaming into his earpiece to cut him off as well no doubt.
Long term? Save your cases to buy Black Market stuff that give +5% Tier Boost. You can stack up to 5 boosts for total +25% Tier Boost. Meaning in the time it takes you to unlock 4 cases (through Tiers) you'll earn 5 cases. A number of Tier Boosts can be had for 35 cases. So, once you've bought a Bribe case or two (to get a couple of the top weapons, like VMP/Peacekeeper) start saving your cases to buy the boosts and you'll earn more cases overall. Edit: I'll add, the first +10% Boost (so, two 5% boosts) is what you want to go for minimum. At 70 cases (35 each if you keep checking the Black Market and keep cases in "Reserve") you get the greatest proportional impact of Tier Boost to Cases spent. The upside is you'll get extra skins, tags, banners, and even some MKII weapons (with their own 25% xp boost attached).
Trump is demonstrably both. To argue he is not is disingenuous.
Man, I wish the UAW could get me out of murder-deep trouble and a million dollar pension.
It's not just the white supremacists man, it was the media back during the case/trial. The whole thing was painted as white in black crime and a white guy getting off the hook. It was asinine to see.
NTA - by a long shot. MIL is a huge YTA and has earned herself and good slap across the face.
Silence whistleblowers, pardon war criminals.
I wouldn't even split the money with others and leave aunt out. She's already proven to be litigious. If you give money to her siblings and not her, expect another round of litigation. Sell the house/s, keep the money, live a good life for your gma, and pay it forward when you can.
Ike was approached by both parties to be their candidate, I don't think he was heavily one party or the other at the time and by his farewell address sounds like he was still not one way or the other.
As a Kentuckian who just picked up an 07 Rubicon...where is this?
Sweet, thanks. Anywhere else in the state/region you could recommend?
Perhaps, but story goes he didn't really want to be POTUS but was pushed to doing so through arguments about duty, honor, and service. Ike was a military man who had politcal leadership thrust upon him more than a politican who cut his teeth as a general.
Maybe poisons at the time were just weak? While there are poisons that are lethal right away, many poisons don't really work that way. It sounds like he wanted to just take a dose and die within moments. Any poison like that would be difficult to take before hand to build any immunity to because it'd be so easy to mess up. Him being afraid of being poisoned, I buy, he was a monarch afterall. But him working up an immunity to poisons, let alone 54 of them, seems impractical (though maybe possible). Meanwhile, the story about poisoning himself falls in line with how a Roman would write that story. Their great foe didn't die on a battlefield or by his own sword after defeat, and thus retain his honor even then, but by trying to kill himself the way he feared most, and failing to do so. Reads more like Roman propoganda, written from an angle of hubris on the part of Mithridates, aimed at dissing their foe after the fact.
Puerto Rico will never become a state until tax havens are addressed. A lot of wealthy Americans utilize the favorable tax laws of PR.
He looks like he's eyeballing Constantinople.
You're such a...sap!
Has anyone else pointed out how liv6ely the title rhymes?
&gt; Besides, self defense is pretty easy to validate, the question is was the driver actually fleeing? Because he certainly didn’t back up, and most drive ways I know that is towards the house That's an interesting take. It could, possibly, be argued self-defense if he was taking off up the drive toward the house where his supposed ex-wife resides, given the other details that are alleged about a murder4hire plot, etc.
Zoinks!
This train knows no Brakes, it's all tunnel vision from here forward!
Royalties over Loyalties
Go after everyone and every insurance you can and let the judge sort it out.
Sounds like a moron who's of mix of doesn't understand and doesn't care. Edit: At this point I don't recall exactly what I was trying to say, so, I'ma leave it.
Exactly 1 Horsepower.
You divorce of course. You're young enough to find someone that appreciates life with you. If she regrets the consequences of her actions that's on her.
Putting 400hours into any game is going to leave you content starved. This isn't an AC problem, op, this is a you problem.
Bullshit. Just caught your husband cheating and immediately run here for advice? Pull the other one.
Yup. ESH
Sounds like Tom was trying to give you advice on your will so as to manipulate you into giving your wealth to his children. You blindsided him with the God child split. Tom is a greedy, selfish shit who had to tattle to family? Fuck Tom
Nascar calls it a noose and involves the FBI and somehow this is the medias fault, suuure. This is the fault of the idiots on the ground at nascar being so racist that they see a noose when they are looking at a garage door rope.
"Hol up, let me ax you somfin"
I love orange cream horses, too.
Oh, boo hoo. Most of us at work have to take extra steps because of covid too, get over yourselves.
The GOP "strategy" amounts to that meme of the lady yelling at the cat.
Win some, lose some.
Begun the Cola Wars have.
Just his immortal soul.
He fell over like a drunk, clearly.
Master Chief would like a word.
Ya, that's a cheaters gaslighting 101 tactic for sure.
&gt;so I'm pretty sure that's all sorted No, none of anything is sorted, you will likely go to court several times before custody is settled. Do not blind yourself for a moment thinking you are out of the woods, as the reality is you likely have years of headache ahead of you. Nothing is sorted.
&gt; Booker's late surge Is problematic given that this election is heavily mail-in. Can't vote early for the person who surges late when you already mailed it in. But, in reality, Booker may not be flipping votes so much as drawing other voters who wouldn't have voted for Amy regardless.
The actual registered voter numbers in Ky are now roughly even between the parties with Republicans, historically, circling the wagons at election time and voting for whomever is their person, whereas Democrats will often not show up at all if they didn't get their person.
And OP isn't the one that brought up their sexuality either. J did by calling OP homophobic. J used his own sexuality as a "Get Out of Drama Free" card to snap back at critizism of the timing and circumstance of his proposal to G. J is a nasty, nasty person. No wonder G is reconsidering.
I'm now terrified of this happening while boiling water for macnchz.
Jeffrey Epstein about to get a massage.
