you placed 8 wards that game. Your midlaner almost trippled your amount of wards, while you have a sightstone, and you are talking about a perfect clean game?
just get to like 500 LP challenger, stay arround there for a while and you will be recognized. Very unlikely for a pro team to sign someone bouncing between D2 and low master even for the academy team. ~~Got about a year to make it to high challenger in time for scouting grounds. Making it there would probably give you the best chances to make it on a team~~ just realized you are EU. Quite a bit easier, get into national league teams and work up from there. Bottom national league teams, perform good there, get on better national league teams, perform well there, show up at the european cup, get into bottom LCS. I was looking at some people in the LVP few weeks ago and seems like you could get in with about 200 LP masters, but not sure about age requirements. With the amount of new national leagues there will be more players needed so barrier of entry is lower. Also got turkish and CIS challenger leagues as an option that take quite a few EU players. Not sure where you're from but UK and spanish league mostly international/english speaking teams so unless you got a league speaking your native language those seem like the most viable options.
no
yea i agree. it should block an item slot.
sorry, but that isnt gonna happen unless you spend quite a bit of money
True but there is a difference between faster and fast. If we asume 3 days per level and gaining 1000 BE per level up you would gain about 120k BE + 20k from first win of the day, if you do it everyday. Would guess that you need close to 400k to unlock all champs left (new champ releases included)
you cant buy muramana so it has no gold value attached. If it has no price it cant give you back 70%/40% of the price (well it can and it does but 70% and 40% of 0 are still 0)
Posting it in this thread since i wont be up to post it in tomorrows before the game starts if i want to watch it (thread goes up 11 pm, game starts 4 am), which i do. Preseason record : 14-4 | +13.526u | 67.63% ROI (20u risked) Really gonna miss that record when the new season starts in about two weeks. Just cant keep it while having morals. Anyone that saw my posts durring NEST 2017 in mid-late november knows what the pick will be.... *Demacia Cup* **Invictus Gaming -1.5** vs JD Gaming @1.735 (1.5+) 3u IG are the best preseason team in china. Have been last year when they were good generally but this year i personally consider them the best team in china in general. Outskill JD in every position with a massive advantage, have been together for way long so are going to have better teamplay aswell. I do not like doinb (JD's former midlane) but to be fair to him, he had no chance to beat Rookie in lane but could sometimes survive. YaGao probably cant. He has never played anyone even close to Rookies level on stage and i belive that he will get absolutely destroyed.
can you just fuck off? Its the 3rd day of the year and you made 8 posts about it already this year
there is just nothing they can do.
he could've (and everyone that claims that he wouldnt is crazy) dominated the academy league until he was.
the name itself isnt racist. Just like the name Hitler isnt racist. There are still thousands of people called that.
There could be, racism depends on context in my opinion and out of context i dont see anything wrong with that. Saying that they were good would be a problem, just mentioning the fact they exsisted isnt really a big deal
we already know what they will be. Gnar, Jarvan and Rengar, Taliyah, Xayah and Rakan
so you would take a bad NA mid in a full NA team over a far better import mid in a otherwise full NA team? They arent using the import slot they get from having a NA mid in the academy team, and would've had the best mid in the academy team willing to play for them.
given the state of national leagues, he would be better off playing in Turkey. He would proof a lot more by laning vs Cepted, Frozen or even Naru than playing against any mid in EU national leagues
No.
You say that goldenglue is better than selfie and has higher potential than selfie and as me what i am smoking? You're really not in a position to ask that after a statement like that
There just isnt. The only thing you will ever need to breathe is air. If you dont eat you starve, but you can breathe while doing it. If you starve to death, you dont need to breathe
Public Record : 15-4 | +13.731u | +59.7% ROI | 23u risked. Had in error my record before (only substracted 1u returned stake from 2u bets) , fixed that now. *Demacia Cup* **IG -1.5** vs Snake @1.8 (1.7+) 1u **EDG ML** vs WE @1.6 (1.5+) 3u **EDG -1.5** vs WE @2.7 1u Smarter to skip IG. They looked shit. If both teams play to their average level IG 2-0's.
no. He just went from a person getting banned on sight, to a person with a lot of perm banned accounts. Absolutely no reason anyone else should have their accounts unbanned.
i would ban singed every game no matter what just so i never have to see that shit, because if i would see it, i probably would just kill the guy who made it and than myself.
Its really sad when people try so hard to be funny but cant even come up with something themself
i didnt. If i would have, it would say that the message was edited (unless the edit was within 5 minutes of it originally posted, irrelevant since you replied 4 hours after that)
regular solo que player. No relevant record in competetive, not even the polish league, at least not with that Name. Just some Go4LoLs (didnt know they were still a thing) for Delusion Team Academy
everyone would end up with the Malzahar, Annie or Vlad passive
$220 USD for anyone wondering. Minimum wave in big cities is arround 3.5 to 4 million VND per month
doubt its more than all of SKT combined... but wouldnt be suprised if its more than SKT combined -Faker. Dont think any numbers are actually known but its no secret that korea doesnt pay well, and china got a lot of money they are happy to spend. The only player that could contest the title of biggest star in china is Uzi
they might, but based on their games so far i dont really see it happening. Their win vs IG was more IG losing than it was Snake winning and their other two wins werent impressive to me either. EDG has been playing much smarter than IG so i dont see them falling far enough behind to completely lose control of the game like IG did.
most likely yes
anything that he is interessted in. Would probably avoid shows with heavy accents but besides that everything would be fine. I switched to watching in english after i didnt want to wait a year for the last Breaking Bad season to be translated and synchronized (subtitles distract me too much to still follow the plot). A situation like that would probably be ideal. Otherwise rewatching a show that he has already seen in his native language so he knows whats going on and can focus on the language itself more than the plot.
if you are all at that level, none of you should have any problems with identifying the top picks. The fact that you mentioned Lee, Ori, Syndra, Vayne, Lulu and Rumble for top3 competetive picks atm shows that you have no idea what you are talking about.
yes, yes, yes, no, yes, no, not anymore
200 on a good day
both
most excited for bbq Ignar, most disapointed with Snowflower and Cepted going to Turkey. More with Snowflower if i had to pick one but really wanted to see how Cepted could develop and now he has a dead year on his resume, really hope that it wont do permannent damage to his career
if there would be friendly fire, there wouldnt be rewards for killing your teammates because no. Would be more likely that you lose the gold the enemy would have gotten than gaining it
no
heal from relic and fleet footwork to get a shield, another shield from upgraded relic . Nice side effect extra gold for your support, which will result in better peeling. The build isnt meant to carry through pure damage like Press the attack but through consistent damage because of how much more you survive as adc
Exactly my point. Its insanely easy to get to a high honor level pretty fast. I got it about two months after starting to play again and durring that time i used "shut the fuck up", "fuck off" and "go fuck yourself" more than "gg", "gj" and "wp"
delete it and do a clean install of league
why would anyone think that he would get his accounts back....
nope. Nobody that ever was perm banned got the username back, he shouldnt either just because he is a streamer.
He didnt get unbanned, all of his old accounts are still perm banned. He just stoped being banned on sight when playing on new accounts. Someone with a perm banned account can make a new account
well than just play tanks. I personally belive that Cho'Gath, Trundle or Nasus would be the best to get there because you dont need mechanics or a team. Could go for Ornn or Maokai aswell or if you have a duo partner Galio or Shen but i would focus on the first 3 even with a duo. **Dont** play Riven, Yasuo, Ekko, Vayne or Zed. Ever.
more expierence with the champ from playing against them and more expierence overall from playing the game for a longer amount of time
In a solo draft i would end up with Ssumday, Jankos, PerkZ, Rekkles and Mithy Flex Upset. Realisticly i will get one starter and the flex because the group i am most likely to do fantasy LCS with are all very good.
yea they announced it 6th of december https://twitter.com/KTRolster_tw/status/938324654434816000
currently a sub for Afreeca in LCK
Liquid Impact
cant remember saying that it was. He asked how you can mute spam pings, and i answerd that
rank and amount of times played are indicators for being skilled enough. So they do matter.
you were stupid. Either you were stupid and got phished, or you were stupid and use the same login info everywhere.
at least you tried. you failed horribly at being funny, but you tried
stop being a kda whore and actually play to win
maybe its not in the game because riot would need to make 140 new skins and not make a single cent from them. Very good chance its also because there is no way to messure skill without it being highly abusable
&gt;buzzfeed no.
somewhere between high gold/low plat and high bronze depending on how much you win
your teammates got placed with a 0/9 Soraka and 3/14 Cait. Bet they didnt like that either.
&gt; I mostly play zed dont
there are just a lot of people looking for games atm. If you create a game, send the link to a friend without posting it publicly (or try to join with a second account), i guarantee you he will be able to join no problem
there can be big events in italy sure, but Italy wont win one in the next like 10 years. 1 relevant player in the top4 esports (LoL, CSGO, Dota, Overwatch) is a very bad sign for a scene.
im a massive fan of disliking amazing but he is right. Zven, Mithy, Ignar and Febiven leaving (not only them leaving but the shuffle started by them leaving) removed a pretty big skill imbalance within EU
had to play two aswell, bot game meteor didnt update, bot game aery did
/r/FantasyLCS
KDX KT KSV SKT bbq AF Jin Air MVP ROX KDM
no
depends on the rest of your team. If you have Febiven and Lira starting take PoE, otherwise Apollo. CG already has some synergy from Lira, Apollo and Hakuno being on EnVy together. OpTic has none. Apollo is looking at an expected 2-0 week while laning against Altec Adrian (middle of the pack) and Deftly Matt (worst bot in NA). PoE has a likely 1-1 week ahead of him laning against Pobelter and Ryu, both of which i would rate higher in their roles than Altec and Deftly.
Nobody posts about it because its a shit show. Throwing money at something doesnt make it good. There is no team at even challenger series level from any of those countries.
they got relegated, so they werent good enough for CS.
Only if the money keeps coming, which isnt happening. If someone invests even 3k each month in 10 teams for 10 months there is a way to build something, hosting a one time tournament with 300k doesnt do anything.
4 picks 23 bans at s7 main event, at least thats what http://gamesoflegends.com/champion/picksandbans.php?season=S7 has. Not sure if its accurate but the only way to find out if it is or not is looking it up manually which i dont really want to do
not all but all that have easily available stats
since season 3 i have finished every season on exactly the same rank (except season 4 because of a break), and i will do the same in season 8 unless i get above that through my placements. Gold 5 0 LP.
http://gamesoflegends.com/champion/picksandbans.php?id=ALL&amp;season=S7&amp;split=ALL
Rascal's top 5 most played champs in season 7 are : Camille, Kennen, Jayce, Rumble and Kled. The only tank in his top 14 is Cho'Gath. In what world is he more of a tank player.
wouldnt really say its bold, SKT is pretty bad. ROX is absolutely terrible but its pretty much a coinflip if they take a map or not
there are already champs with multiple worlds skins (Thresh, Zed, Kalista) so i wouldnt say that its definitely not gonna happen
So you are one of those guys. Playing terrible for months, downgraded roster but still calling it a slump lol
alright guys, time for the regular season (i know it started yesterday, but i didnt have any pregame picks for that so it starts today). Went 18-5 +18.454u with 59.53% ROI (31u risked) in the preseason and i wont keep that rate up, but first pick of the new season is the only time i can bring that record up without looking like a dick. *LCK* **KSV ML** vs KDX @2.044 | 2.0+ | 1u I think KDX with full lineup is better, but with Khan out for the first series i really like KSV at these odds. Odds kinda got fucked but they are still betable imo (i personally got 2.222 on the 9th). Gonna have another LCK pick for you guys on thursday, 2 EU on friday, 2 EU and 1 TR on saturday. At least if the odds dont get ruined before than, or they get enough votes to be a TLC pick. Speaking of TLC... we already got 2 NA LCS picks up for this week https://www.reddit.com/r/sportsbook/comments/7panwy/esports_daily_11018_wednesday/dsgrjgl/?context=0
What /u/touchd93 said, he was banned early december for the first series of the split for saying something like "cant win with 4 chinese", not sure about the actual words right now
you dont know until you play a bunch of rankeds.
no
yes i would, solari has a level and a max hp scaling, both of the values will be fairly low if you buy it first while you get everything from knights vow at any level. Ardent doesnt fit into the meta now. Only if you have a kogmaw, onhit varus or twitch maybe but most of the time you arent going to buy ardents.
it would be impossible to give out rewards if there were no resets. If the system wouldnt reset, someone that got boosted to diamond in season 3 would most likely still be in diamond from back than by playing 1 soloq game a month.
he could, but he would have to pay like 100 bucks every season to get there and the risk of getting caught for boosting, if you get boosted every season is far higher than doing it once. There already is decay in diamond but increasing the speed at which people decay would result in people getting put down to plat (or from plat to gold) when they take a few weeks break
stream delay
first game you played poppy support and didnt build a sightstone. Have fun in bronze mate, you deserve it.
last minute? there are still 3 days until week 1 starts
Just that statement alone is enough to proof that you belong in bronze
Only to people that havent given me a reason to respect them
You need Annie in your life.
1. its not a normal bronze game, its a bronze normal game. Massive difference. 2. Countless games? You have literally 1 jungle ranked game in the last month, a flex game where you practicly inted (Edit : nvm, you actually did). 3. If you cant carry a game two tiers below your usual level, you dont get to flame your team on reddit for it.
not really. Imo its even better to do them now because the system is unbalanced and you are more likely to get the chance to play with/against someone better than you which is usually better to improve.
takes about 30 seconds to find on google. Also i can guarantee you that you wont watch games because there is no english stream, and if you would speak turkish you would already know where to find it.
i am not sure tbh. I went 5-5 which is a big improvement over last years 2-8 but i started 4-0 so kinda disapointed. Overall quality of games was not too bad, bad one afk on my team once, nobody blatantly trolling on either team in any game (few questionables, 1/9, 2/10, 3/12, 0/7 but not actively running down mid). Somebody told me to get cancer because we remade a game so that was fun. Only had two adcs that started relic, might've won a game more if all of them had. Somebody asked me to swap roles, i agreed because i asumed he was premade with the adc (i queue as support/top, get put support that game and he was top), didnt build a sightstone, not giving up my role again. Was Gold 5 (+25/-16) and got put Silver 1. Was really hoping to get gold through placements so i wouldnt have to worry about climbing in soloq this season. Gonna do my flex placements solo next week, same goal but more realistic with 5-5 (was Gold 4 +27/-?? never actually lost a game in flex after my placements but only played 2)
pretty clean win from KSV two days ago, and like i mentioned there, another LCK pick today. 2018 Season Record : Overall : 1-0 | +1.044u | 104.4% ROI (1u risked) | Average Odds 2.044 LCK : 1-0 | +1.044u | 104.4% ROI (1u risked) | Average Odds 2.044 --- **BBQ -1.5** vs Kongdoo Monster @2.587 1u Yes, Kongdoo looked good. Yes, we havent seen bbq yet. Yes, this is a very risky pick. There is a very real chance i am overrating this bbq team, but i think they are a playoff contender this season. With the addition of IgNar their botlane is really scary while the rest of the team is solid. Kongdoo were playing arround Edge quite heavily and he performed but that was against a MVP team that isnt really a mechanical threat. Ghost is. In the past Kongdoo were carried by Ssol but he didnt look impressive against even a weak MVP botlane. --- See you tomorrow for two EU picks.
or you just pay attention.
there are only 4 champs that were not picked in season 7 competetive (ignoring Zoe and Ornn because they werent available to be picked until after worlds).
wait for the chinese new year event and buy capsules. You can get them through playing but it will take a while, even with 2 chests a week (note, you wouldnt get enough keys to open all of them) it would take a lot of luck to get 6 more until the end of the season
yes
100% pick/ban in LCK. Not something a dead champ usually has.
TF &gt; J4 &gt; Jax &gt; Sivir &gt; Kayle
Took an L, thats ok. Knew it was a risky pick, said it was a risky pick. Kinda anoying that bbq played so much better after dropping the first map. Remember when i said 2 EU picks today? I was wrong. Odds moved. Overall Record: 1-1 | 0,044u | 0,022% ROI (2u risked) --- *EU LCS* **Misfits ML** vs G2 @2.153 | 2+ | 2u **Giants ML** vs UoL @2.32 | 2+ | 1u **Splyce ML** vs Fnatic @3.249 | 2.5+ | 0.5u Wasnt gonna post Misfits because the odds were sitting between 1.95 and 2.04 or something all week but 2.15 is really good. Giants and Splyce are pretty risky but still good value in bo1
Would say above pax tf but really close
thanks, sadly wasnt enough to completely cover the loss from Misfits G2 but at least its something
I liked preseason more. Things i posted were winning. Its really frustrating that i need draft plays to profit atm since there is no point in sharing something that goes live within like two minutes of the post. Said that i will have 2 EU and 1 TR play today, but one of the EU would've been Schalke &gt; MSF, the odds for that got crushed and Upset out/very questionable i am not confident in it anymore. Overall Record: 2-3 | -1,136u | -20,65% ROI (5,5u risked) EU LCS Record | 1-2 | -1,18u | -33,71% ROI (3,5u risked) --- *EU LCS* **Giants ML** vs Vitality @2.38 | 2+ | 1u Liked how both of them played today but imo the way Giants drafted was better. Should be a very even matchup, so i just have to take the dog in this game. --- *TCL* **BAU SuperMassive ML** vs 1907 Fenerbahce @2.123 | 2+ | 1u Fenerbahce is the more known name at the moment due to their performance at worlds but through the changes both teams made i think they are at least equal, if anything i would give SuperMassive a slight advantage. Snowflower is the best player the league has ever seen and i think the Supermassive adc and top are better aswell. I would give Fenerbahce an edge in jungle and slightly in mid but overall i cant argue for them being favorites in a bo1
yea if anything gets changed in that direction the only viable option is automaticly swaping in a player you drafted for your fantasy team that is in the same role. So if you have Upset starting adc, anyone mid as flex and a adc in your subs it would swap adcs
there wouldnt be much change. you dont have to rush it, you dont have to start a jungle item. Only would lose grasp which we see happening on Ornn and it doesnt really hurt him either. With spellbook you can swap to TP first back and will have it ready after about a minute. Also because the the summoner cdr you will have TP more often than the other laner
He doesnt. He uses spellbook with ignite. http://www.probuilds.net/champions/details/Ornn. There is a single case of Ornn with spellbook TP in the last 3 days compared to 36 of spellbook ignite
you dont need to buy it in lane. You can buy it at any point as long as you have smite when the game starts. You have to walk to lane after the first back but thats all you give up in terms of summoners but you take 120 seconds off your flash and tp cooldown all game and get guaranteed level 2 first
yes, the game only checks if you smite at the start of the game. If you load into the game with Smite you can get it at any point, even if you swapped smite away (https://i.imgur.com/FLpSdqb.png). Also if you dont have Smite when loading into the game, you cant get it even if you get smite later (https://i.imgur.com/GvZyWip.png)
lets asume Person A gains +25 every win and -18 every loss and Person B +30 -14 25 times 350-18 times 150 = 8750 - 2700 = 5050 30 times 83 - 14 times 17 = 2490 - 238 = 2252 Insanely likely that A will end up far higher but impossible to accurately calculate because of division skips, promos, mmr etc.
if he has better mmr than you yes, if you have better mmr no.
saturdays maybe, sunday no way (at least not people with 9-5 jobs or school). First NA game **starts** at 11 pm european time, the last starts at 3 am. Last season had the first game **ending** arround 11 and the last arround 3 am (except fridays)
/r/summonerschool
or, dont go afk.
not really gonna happen in league. Just not the right crowd for betting. Well, it would be if it had tradable items and an open circuit like dota and cs but its just to shutdown to had a chance to naturally develop a betting scene. There are people betting it, but just no subs dedicated to it, mostly just small private groups. If you want to pull something like that off you would have to go through traditional sportsbetting formus to find people, average /r/leagueoflegends user wont be familiar with even the most basic betting concepts like spreads or EV.
solo mmr doesnt impact flex.
the writing is a feed of the chat, its a feature built into most chinese streaming platforms
you are a smurf, being matched with smurfs, and are complaining about smurfs not being matched with smurfs?
Its getting really anoying that i cant win bets that i post here. I guess i shouldnt complain as long as i'm doing well personally (17-13 with avg. odds of 2.26 and 34% ROI atm) and the TLC picks are hitting (2-0 with 136% ROI and 2.36 average odds - one for this week up on twitter btw) but if i had to pick between having a winning record on reddit picks or having a losing one, my record would look different. W/e, not gonna start posting 1.2 odds to boost my winrate. Overall Record: 3-5 | -2,013u | -23,68% ROI (8,5u risked) LCK Record | 1-2 | -0,956u | -31,87% ROI (3u risked) --- **Kongdoo Monster ML** vs ROX Tigers @1.927 (1.7+) 3u **Kongdoo Monster -1.5** vs ROX Tigers @3.367 (3+) 1u I really dont like ROX. Imo they looked terrible vs bbq, both of their mids are shit, both junglers arent good either. Sangyoon is the only true carry threat of that team, but i think Kongdoo is good enough to not let him go off. Expecting Kongdoo to go even in top, win mid, and win bot through jungle . Even without winning lanes, their macro and teamfighting seemed better so far.
based on that logic surrendering the game wouldnt be allowed either
she was relevant 4 years ago when she was living with SivHD... who is also irrelevant now
both of these teams are so terrible its not even funny anymore
where does the first C come from? There is only one in Frost Queens Claim
competetive switches to the new patch 7 days after it went live but not in the middle of the week, so LCK and LPL next week will still be on 8.1 while EU and NA next week start using 8.2
there is absolutely nothing about his W in the hotfix.
you may not heard have anything, but people that looked for it have. He says he will play.
you cant. you cant actually look up your solo mmr either.
Finished last year 11-6 with +6.7u and 26% ROI. Had a bit of a coldstreak towards the end going 1-3 in the last 4
well, they will absolutely destroy everyone in the polish scene. Basicly gonna be smurfing
it will be Keane
your account is riot's property, so no its not. Also if you get perm'd you will have done something to deserve it, so deal with the consequences of your actions.
no. You paid for it, you are allowed to use it for an undefined amount of time but its not yours.
/r/fantasylcs
it would be at the odds we started voting at but it moved too much by now. (2+) means minimum odds of 2.00 to take it
have you not watched Huni go 0/5 in the first half hour of the game just now?
k. go to csgo and shout at them for having their lowest division called silver.
play support. If you somewhat understand the role any tank has in the team playing that tank as support is free chests
autoattack range is edge to edge, trigger range is center to center
if he just right clicks a tower in theory yea. ofc he could just walk closer to it and attack while standing next to it
minimum odds we would take. Lets take Afreeca vs SKT as an example. At the time of posting it, it was at 2.222. The line is likely to move but we would take it as long as its above 1.9
yes it does mean that
cho wouldnt be played, Ali would be S Tier Top, Jungle and Support
Source?
they werent top tier players. they were just high ranked soloQ players which is why the became irrelevant, well except Whiteknight who reapeared after 2 years of being irrelevant
they arent tho. Nobody is playing ali mid.
i mean.. yea you would survive the fall but would be revived in the vulcano just to burn to death.
any online game with a text chat. You might have to take it further in most than you have in league, but you still can get banned for it.
yes you can. Someone dedicated enough would get some sort of punishment within a week easily in any game and could most likely get banned within a month.
there is none
if you want me to show you a case of someone trying to get banned, i cant because i dont think anyone ever tried that. &gt;Communication When participating in communication of any kind (chat, voice communication, group finder), you are responsible for how you express yourself. **You may not use language that could be offensive or vulgar to others.** &gt;Hate speech and discriminatory language is inappropriate, as is any obscene or disruptive language. Threatening or harassing another player is always unacceptable, regardless of language used. **Violating any of these expectations will result in account restrictions. More serious and repeated violations will result in greater restrictions.** Blizzard's Code of Conduct. Valid for WoW, Starcraft, Overwatch and Heroes of the Storm. https://us.battle.net/support/en/article/42673
just gonna ignore the part where i told you 5 games where its very likely to be happening?
most arent. Its just that every personality has fans that will defend them no matter what. Like they could kill someone on video and would still have supporters
It is. Its part of europe which makes it part of the EU LCS. There are more dumb people confusing austria and australia because both are commonly referd to as AU and the names are far closer so that even people that would've read the post might have been triggerd by it. AU is objectively the better joke
it has its own league.
than i have made two better jokes in your thread
oh really. would've never known that. I just said that AU would be the better joke because austria is a worse region than switzerland, totally not because people confuse australia and austria far more and it would've even caught people that read the body of the text not just the title because they are going to misread
pbe will never be used as a real testing tool unless every server gets a PBE server with acceptable ping but its close to impossible to really test things on 200 ping while getting 20 usually
yes. didnt even read after "silver" yes, it happens in any elo
BE is better, people just say IP out of habit
im counting 6/60 just going back 7 days. Both teemo jungles, both soraka jungles, the janna jungle and the gnar adc
&gt;You get 10% off of food and beverages in the hotel you get 10% off at the hotel bar.
nobody, except KZ, KT, AF, GenG, JinAir and maybe Hanwha
I agree that everyone dies is the most likely outcome but the way i interpret the wording he cant win the bet. Which is why i wont take anything, too afraid that bookies use a similar line of thinking to weasel themself out of paying. Its the last confirmed King (current Cersei) or last ruler/person in control of of Kings Landing (also Cersei). If the Night King gets to Kings Landing he eiter destroys the city (winner for the bet Cersei atm because you dont control whats destroyed) and kills everyone or humanity blows the whole thing up with wildfire trying to kill him and somehow end up winning. If its option B anything goes because there will be a confirmed king or queen
https://i.imgur.com/4XoJIpk.png It literally says it will be based on the confirmed king or queen. It could not be more clear what they are grading it on
its too soon. They still have to play home nation qualifier (thursday EU time), wont be any lines for that. Lines for the main event should go up on thursday/friday morning, at least the other European Tour events went up arround that time. Maybe there will be lines for outright winners tomorrow.
how do you get to diamond without understanding what loss prevented does...
so you want players that use their ban to win the game instead of winning the lane to be banned? Nice.
impossible to not consider Michael van Gerwen the favorite. He has won 10/16 tournaments he attended this year and on a good day he is straight up unbeatable at the moment. The only reason he isnt the uncontested GOAT is Phil Taylor's 30 year career (van Gerwen is 29 years old) that just ended last year. If you just want a win go Michael van Gerwen (i wouldnt because there is just no value), if you want the best value James Wade or Adrian Lewis (would go 0.5u each if i would use any of the bookies that offer futures). However, if you want to have the best viewing expierence, take Peter Wright. He is a great player and crowd favorite in every game he plays anywhere in the world (only exception i can think of is Raymond van Barnefeld with a dutch crowd). I know it sounds like i am trolling about that, but Dart crowds are absolutely amazing and its hard to not get really hyped up if you are on the same side as them.
yea he hasnt been great but 80 to 1 odds for a european tour are still way too high. Its a longshot but he has been making deep runs at most PCs he attended. 20 to 1 like some sites have him at is terrible but with 70+ i think its worth the risk. Going to need a bit of luck in the bracket but especially at PC 11 he has shown that he can still beat good players (6-2 vs Jan Dekker, 6-5 vs Gerwyn Price, 6-3 vs Gurney, 5-6 vs Gary Anderson).
67k Morg, 59k Cho
i know it wont make an impact and i knew it was going to happen but this is enough for me to stop supporting netflix as a company.
I dont.
just the chance of someone taking my champ in the few seconds its locked for me after rerolling is enough to not do that
people knew it was happening because there have been multiple posts about it already https://www.reddit.com/r/television/comments/8p1avt/13_reasons_why_season_3_announcement/ https://www.reddit.com/r/television/comments/8p52jz/netflix_ceo_reed_hastings_defends_13_reasons_why/
only thing that would happen because of that is a few pros getting banned because riot found their toxic chatlogs or evidence that they have boosted in the past... purely coincidental tho
unlikely unless they increase the rate of new champs
yes
loss prevented
i have Clayton aswell but only for the match against Max Hopp not to win the tournament. If he gets to the final he has a good chance imo but his bracket is ridiculously hard from here. For Lewis i think the tournament ends here vs Wade. He played a nice event so far but i think Mensur's finishing performance skews it a bit. If he keeps this steady improvement up and keeps getting brackets like that it dont see how he doesnt take a PC or ET in the next few months. Dont think it will be enough to contest for a big title but round of 16 at worlds doesnt seem too far away
yea someone has to beat MVG but a path of Hopp -&gt; MVG -&gt; Cross/Gurney -&gt; Wright for a European Tour is unusually hard. Last time he made finals he had to go Hopp -&gt; Wade -&gt; White -&gt; Suljovic -&gt; Price but to be fair MVG didnt play that ET
Havent watched the show but imdb says he was in 8
cant really be compared because how different the games and ranking systems in general are. CSGO games can end in a draw, LoL cant. CSGO takes individual performance, LoL doesnt.
it always has been true. In LoL's ranking system individual performance never made an impact on what you gain per win
its not bad i guess but just nothing special
i think most straight up dont track. The people that do either use a regular spreadsheet (with that i would guess its a lot of selfmade/shared among a small group or the one linked in the sitebar) or a spreadsheet like website/app like FansUnite. I personally am using a selfmade sheet
With betting sheets it really comes down to how far you want to go and imo its better to build one yourself. For what you describe your sheet is perfectly fine but look at the sheet linked in the sidebar for example, its close to impossible to have something that looks special compared to that I started working on mine because i wanted to see where i was losing money and the "default" public sheet in the community i was in (not this one) just didnt offer that. So i took it, and changed it to do that, than i started to dislike my new version so i added a bunch of other things and at the end i had a sheet that would track performance per sport, per league, for ml/spread etc. seperately and combined, tracked all those things for people i was tailing, was tracking how much i won/lost on which book and tracked my "basic" (profit, winrate, roi) for every day and every month and did that seperately for how my tailing other people was going. Well that was my last public version (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1I7aXfs4If6HkOoHnFxgVafj2t8SQ5lJHLD1vs56xhCo/edit#gid=1969314323), my actual current version has a bunch of small changes but mostly removing things so it looks cleaner
Dont know shit about boxing, barely follow KSI, dont follow Logan at all but just based on in ring expierence, expierence with huge crowds and amount of training (if you include the weller fight) i would favor KSI. But for shit like this i cant take what the bookies consider the favorite. Since this will be with headguards, i'm going to be looking for KSI by TKO/Either by TKO/Either by Decision but since its two months away i havent tried to find those bets anywhere
or dont try to throw the game because you are less mentaly stable than a 4 year old with ADHD
havent really thought about order - Charlie Kelly - Dennis Reynolds - Frank Reynolds - Raymond Holt - Jay (from The Inbetweeners, dont know his last name) - Hal (Malcom in the Middle, dont know his last name) - Ben Pemberton - Terry Jeffords - Darius if Atlanta is considerd a Sitcom
thats called boosting and can easily get you banned
purely the truth. The reason you lost almost 200 games this season alone in bronze isnt your team.
not going to happen
when viewers go down more
you not looking it up doesnt mean it hasnt been live for a week https://www.lolesports.com/en_US/articles/fantasy-lcs-goes-live-june-6th
you arent getting your money back.
if only there would be a sub dedicated to fantasy lcs... where might someone only find such a place.... what would it even be called.... /r/FantasyLCS
no. The champions league is european. Worlds is like the Club World Cup.
both
because the same case could be made for 3v2 and if that would be removed aswell we would have two solo/duo queues
its the upper managements fault, the people funding the team. They should've given cCarter and Rapidstar contracts big enough that they would have no reason to ever leave. They didnt anod now they keep hiring different ex-players as coaches that just echo what kkoma says and that doesnt work and never will work
yea it only makes sense for teams that know they arent going to worlds, want to use this exact lineup for next year and cant get relegated (franchised leagues). For example a team like Golden Guardians can make roster changes in the midseason no problem, but they will struggle to find players because everyone is under contract and most players that would be an improvement are aiming for playoffs/worlds
yea its possible but the max bet is 5€ and you only get paid in free bets not actual money. Like at least read the terms before you post about it
maybe do what the message tells you to do. Or save your time because you cant proof that you havent botted.
roaming support would be too far behind any laning support, herald doesnt become a factor until 10 minutes, by than the first drake (unless cloud) has been taken, bot tower destroyed and botlane swapped top
its not about the marksmen. Its about drake control and getting first tower
end of season 1/pre-season 2. Dont actually remember, got the Judgement Kayle skin so i played games in what was considerd season 1 but my first ranked reward was season 2
it doesnt mention that it has to be in a pvp game so you probably can just go into a bot game to complete it
as a plat 5 flex player ... fuck no. Matchmaking and placement in flex is so fucked up. I was gold 5 50ish LP at the end of preseason gaining about 25 LP per game. Did my placements this season, went 5-5 and got placed Gold 1 getting +30. Continue playing, in my promo to Plat i had two people that were diamond in flex and one in their diamond promo. Few days ago i had to play in order to not decay, one guy on my Team was Diamond 3 in flex with 55% winrate, getting matched with Gold 2 48% on the enemy team. Average Flex rank on my Team was Plat 2 (Dia3, Plat 1, Plat 1, Plat 5, Plat 5 - the Plat 1s were duoing, rest solos), Average flex rank on the other was Plat 5 (Dia 5, Plat 2, Plat 5, Gold 2, Gold 3 - Dia 5, Plat 2 and Gold3 trio). I won 29 LP from that game. Flex is pure luck on teammates. **BUT** Plat 5 5v5 Flex &gt; Plat 5 3v3 Flex
what about the chinese guy who got to level 1000 like 3 weeks ago?
Who should shotcall is something that depends on how they synergize and how much it would effect everybodys individual play. At first i would look at Faker or Bang for that as the most expierenced players
Money. Or since both players i mentioned are subs, more playing time.
there is money and there is more money.
not enough money to buy talent, not enough local talent to compete internationally except against SEA and OCE at RR
if you mean Orbs, Wolf all day. Rest is subjective
between Birdio and Moo Cow Alistar
I dont think they are, but just in general being the best at something doesnt mean you cant lose. Thats why unbeaten seasons are something very rare and special in any sport
have you tried to use google?
than you should have the answer
I really dont know or care about Respawns stance on this, since i dont play any of their games and looking at what they have published probably never will. If they accept it in their games, thats fine since its their decision to make. If Riot doesnt accept it, its also fine.
impossible to tell just from that
even if it would've posted as you thought it would, formatting would've been terrible
do they ask any of the usual verification questions (first 5 champs etc.) before sending the info?
if you look at pure numbers maybe but context is important. Someone playing solo blind pick is gonna get reported a lot more than someone only playing 5 man, no matter how they behave
It would be 22 games of "max" reports, was obviously years ago but i remember seing a few tribunal cases where people got reported for flaming by the enemy team without ever using all chat since the 4 man premade the guy that got reported ended up getting on his team convinced them. To make him look good ofc not, and i am not trying to do that, but i wouldnt be comfortable calling someone toxic just based on amount of reports received
thats what i would've thought aswell but to quote the riot article &gt;You can make a data request by submitting a ticket. **After a short process to confirm you as the original creator of the account**, you'll receive the following personal information related to your account: At least for account recovery that confirmation requires answering a few questions like the date the account was created on, first things bought with RP, first champs in general and a bunch of things along those lines.
because some part of her got buffed, others got nerfed.
it must be nice to live in your world where money isnt a thing
No. If they do that people would keep asking for it to be expanded because they are 1 LP away from the point where they would get automaticly put in promo through this
It can be. Just based on how you talked that game its obvious that it wasnt the only game where you got reported for toxicity, coupled with a few inting reports you would've gotten over the past couple of days and probably a history of bans and chat restrictions its not hard to justify a ban
Darius. All Icons that are locked into mission lines are pretty bad imo (Garen would've been less bad but not good enough for me to use) so i just went darius for the BE. But i bought the Little Lion Icon. That thing is the highest level of BM in any icon and i just had to have it.
yea has been for at least an hour now. i'm in the loading screen for my 4th game
the event page also said what that final mission is....
you can also just record it
you understand what daily missions are, right?
now its most likely just a human but i am pretty sure he was botting until level 1000 because there were weeks (or at least 1 week i looked at) were he would play 22 hours+ a day, every day
he was playing Morg in 3v3 bot games getting less than 5 cs usually. Blackmarket bots could perform like that against Riot bots. Just by being morg you would get more CS than that as a human because you just W the wave to push faster. opgg doesnt track bot data for long enough to really show it but https://i.imgur.com/BdclZ4Q.png
common sense. More popular champ, thats better in the current state of the game and has the edgy evil theme. Darius at least has a 80% win chance.
There is just more work being put into them. Most of riots bots havent changed in years so blackmarket bots can adapt to beat them. Also they could just be setup to play not to lose and let the two humans they get into the game with do the work if they for example are coded to stay away at least 1000 units from enemy bots and move away from enemy turrets if less than 2 friendly minions are in range
its not tho. The support doesnt give up anything because there arent enough resources for 5 players to farm effectively per side of the map, with the funnel the mid gives up most of his farm to give the jungler. If anything its the 3v3 support strat that has been used for years
i got way too much respect for any person with the tripple S2 bronze icon. I only got the soloQ one. Earliest for me is the Riven Sword aswell, few days before the Halloween 2012 https://i.imgur.com/Ggt2GtE.png
yes you are
complains about soloq matchmaking - isnt playing soloq. Classic. Even ignoring that its a normal, the trio of Diamond 4, Diamond 5, Silver 2 would have an average MMR in mid-high plat.
do you understand the word daily?
similar for me, well at the start. Season 1 and 2 - no idea what the fuck i was doing Season 3 - got acceptable at the game Season 4 - semi serious team (5 gold/plats getting stomped in tournaments by generally high diamonds and ex/future LCS players) and grind Season 5 onward - stop giving a fuck about ranked, do placements, grind to gold if needed than stop playing ranked Mid-Season 8 - learn that there are ARAM tournaments, stop playing SR and just grind ARAM for RP. New and only goal atm getting Triumphant Ryze (so far 3 finals, arround 3k RP and 50+ winboosts so far but no first place)
yea, make roleswapping impossible. Nice one.
Realisticly.. Fury, if he is capable of playing without Yoon which we havent seen in a very long time. Maybe Ssol but they wont be able to play arround bot next season with either of them. Have been hearing some interessting things about who they are trying to talk with tho. One would be the obvious chocie but very unlikely and with the other i am really not sure if he is anywhere close to LCK starting level
its absolutely disgusting to so blatantly steal a logo. That alone should make any serious player with a tiny bit of self respect run away from your org.
gonna be turkey and spain for all of his career
nope. Would be a reward for them since its massively reducing the odds of future punishments. Everybody is going through things, not everybody is toxic so thats just a bad excuse.
&gt;is it possible to buy 15euro worth of rp to transfer to a south american server yes &gt; buy 25000 rp for 50 euro? no. Its about 34 for 10.7k Also its cheaper to just make a account on LAS, transfer that and gift to your main. Not paying for the double transfer cost
there is no 12.5k option either. Highest is 10.7
but you didnt say that
its not, thats why i said make the account on LAS, transfer that (account) and gift your main. Smurf LAS -&gt; buy RP -&gt; transfer to *insert main server* -&gt; use RP to send gifts to main instead of Buy RP &gt; Transfer Main to LAS -&gt; Buy RP -&gt; Transfer back -&gt; use RP. Saves you 2.6k with very little down side (cant gift chromas or bundles except loot bundles)
https://i.imgur.com/axjdDwD.png
you average below 5 cs and over 7 deaths a game. Do i need to say anything else? Didnt think so.
then the person you are trying to send the gift to already has the skin or doesnt own udyr. try other people on your friendlist.
probably
everyone that ever made a post like that should just be perm'd
if you got that little selfcontrol to just not flame you need to be in therapy.
Guess you waited too long
Just to remind everyone, he is a LCS coach right now. Even ignoring the players they got, a team coached by a guy thinking like that will never win anything.
i didnt say that, did i? It means he sucks as a coach because of it. A large part of coaching is helping players with their mentality and someone that has the opinion he stated is unable to do that.
but i also dont say other medical problems are bullshit. I know that i dont know anything about them, so i dont talk about them.
yes
yea... it says that in the client.
you see that thing that says reward? You didnt simply unlock that mission. You buying the thing unlocked it.
mid/jungle, ideally get a duo there.
no
they changed that a month ago.
you wont even get 20% of the tokens required if you just do missions.
325
its nowhere near impossible (not me but https://i.imgur.com/byyoE0X.png) and are you really complaing that the best aka the most valueable player is considerd to be more valuable than the second? What the fuck is that logic. Of course someone that is more valuable is valued more because thats how value works.
&gt; also think its kinda weird that being the best player is always more valued than being the second best player on the winning team
oh you actually think you found something new? You realize that Stormrazor, IE, RFC is by far the most common Xayah build, right? https://i.imgur.com/GYjQk5R.png
no
china
17 - max tokens are 132 and you need 115 to buy everything
so you would rather have them not see it all then reporting a bug?
there have been rumours but most have been disproven by now (Selfie, Snowflower, Ignar, Veritas)
or just dont do them. you can miss 17 tokens while still being able to buy everything
always happy to get people into professional darts. You picked the right event to start but this match is probably only gonna deliver on like 30% of the true potential. Still recommend finding a stream but the expierence can be so much better than this is going to be
yes, call the police and sue them.
26th of january
from what i've heard someone on Samsung wanted him to take imp's spot but got overruled
you were right. Should've stayed away. What a fucking shitshow
no
no he isnt. Not even close. But he doesnt take an import slot
that right there is a man that never watched a second/third event prize fight between to tanks
that would make things worse because you would just get hit by a long range skillshot and the other guy would still just run away from you
its not. its just objectively not pretty damn good. There is not a single player on that team thats top 5 in their role and they have 11 of them.
If we asume peak level for all of them you would take kasing over any of Mikyx, Mithy, IgNar, GorillA or Hyli? Expect over sOAZ, Wunder, Alphari, Bwipo, Odo or Czasci? Thats an easy no for both and thats also ignoring that i could argue for Kikis (maybe even Cabochard) and Norsekeren to be better than Expect and kasing aswell
In his best split he only inted 50% of his games. Anyone that just towerhugs is a better mid than him.
oh you have a UoL flair... was only on mobile before and couldnt see that... yea makes sense now. Please stop talking to me.
its on the frontpage...
you are not better then them. Thats why you get matched with them. You dont climb because you arent good enough to climb, not because of your team.
yes. Thats why people can make money boosting players. Better players easily win those games.
https://i.imgur.com/nj9aYjA.png
just dont be terrible and its impossible to be stuck in bronze
the fact that you name any of Wolf, Untara or Blank as heavily crippling losses is aboslutely hilarious.
this is actually bad enough to be a serious list
go ahead and provide a recorded game of the new misfits lineup
You also win LP when you didnt deserve the win if it happens on the other team which is more likely if you are not the reason for someone going afk.
it would force literally everyone to run gathering storm.
towerprotection. If you send your duolane anywhere but bot, you lose first tower for sure and you lose it so fast that you gained absolutely nothing from your duolane being mid since enemy duo will rotate after taking bot tower at minute 6, by than you have maybe taken half of the mid tower so you are behind in gold when they come and probably lose mid first aswell
nothing. been like that for years. bot tower doesnt take reduced damage before minute 5
everything.
&gt;lukaria: %%% [k.y.s is what I said here] all anyone needs to hear. Good thing that you're gone.
no there shouldnt. It would massively hurt the actual competetive scene or be a shit show of a tournament
his positioning hasnt become better, the enemy teams have just become worse at punishing it since he isnt playing LCS teams anymore
they are, but that doesnt change anything. His positioning in season 3 was a 2/10 compared to other players back than. His positioning now is still a 2/10 compared to players now but the teams he is playing against now are not good enough to punish it as hard compared to how hard LCS teams could punish him back then.
you are looking at spring lineups. CLGs new top is korean
dont see anything wrong with it. Unsportsmanlike behaviour from DL and he decided to return it
if you struggle to get off a number ending in 5 you would rather try to get off a 3? You would have to buy at least 3 more skins on sale and one of the loot items with a value ending in 5 just to get the last digit of an RP value ending in 3 to a 0
stop farming like trash and actually use your map
he has been retired for over a year..
some use 3, some use 4
20? Those are rookie numbers. There are 37.5k to spend on those this time
no
It doesnt. If you are better you win lane either way.
cool.
You consider the ingame info text rumors? Because ingame it clearly says you will get koi from the PO event
Anniversary Event page -&gt; Rise of Koi (3rd) -&gt; Help/Quesionmark 4.
no
you can buy them multiple times.
yes, you can buy it as often as you want to. Well you can buy it as often as there are icons to give you, when you get all it will give you an error when trying to buy it
you are wasting blue essence because you are being stupid. its on the front page of the store https://i.imgur.com/KqXeOuO.png
someone not mentioning that they are leaving usually means that it wasnt their choice and they dont want to draw attention to that
Is the performance difference between a low end 2080 and a higher model noticeable outside of benchmarks? As in, can you feel if you have a Zotac Twin Fan (cheapest available here) or something like a STRIX?
Alright thanks
no
Birdio?
1 per month. Not really anything special.
It doesnt have to be stated as legal since there is no law making it illegal which makes it automaticly legal
yes
Amazing is considerd NA since he was on TSM when the rule was implemented. He was taking up an import slot for the EU teams he played with after he returned
on the other hand - imagine being dumb enough to get scammed by a guy that cant get out of bronze
yea i agree the 14 days ban doesnt make sense. Should've been a perm.
So, you are worried about security if its slightly different but not if its literally the same? What the fuck is that logic
you are insanely stupid for writing in german, and what you wrote in german is also insanely stupid. Talking about not getting chances while also saying you worked back up to honor 1. That was your second chance and you fucked it up.
you tried i guess
the S in CEST stands for summer not standard
you've been told wrong if thats the case. Standard timezones are the non-daylight saving times. In america you have EST, CST and PST (Eastern/Central/Pacific Standard Time) in autumn/winter aswell and EDT/CDT/PDT (Eastern/Central/Pacific Daylight Time) in summer. Europe works on the same principle. The standard time is CET (Central European Time) and durring the summer its the non standard time, CEST (Central Eureopean Summer Time). In the UK similiar, GMT as the standard and BST (British Summer Time) durring the summer
mate your are a jungler main and chose to start boots. By doing this you lost the right to ever complain about your teammates. In two years you can apply to gain right to have an opinion over anything someone on your team does again. *It* didnt ruin your game, **you** ruined your game
there is a massive difference between not completely sheltering your kid and actively putting it in danger. At the age of 3 its absolutely unreasonable to expect your kid to walk anywhere by themself but driving at them in your car yourself is a completely different level. Yes, kids should be taught how to be independent which involves putting them in situations where something might happen but very rarely does and only after they have been taught how to behave in those situations like letting them walk somewhere by themself or having make a sandwich themself. In all my life i have never been in a situation where i (or anyone else i know) had to dodge a car driving at them or has seen someone in person having to do that.
or, learn to play toplane.
no.
MSI like every year.
what you can do is take care of your passwords. 2FA is great as a backup but if your first layer of security (your password) is done properly you will be fine without it
yes. And if you read what i said you would understand that i said 2FA is not necessary to keep a account safe. You only need 2FA if the first authentication factor (the password) fails, which only happens if you have not set it up properly. Getting a account stolen is always your fault. 2FA is just to protect you from yourself
You are aware that an IP is not bound to a person, right? You said it yourself, you were not at your home. If you played from that other place, the IP would be different aswell. Its impossible to tell the difference between an IP change because of travel or because someone else has access to the account.
If you get your account stolen because of a data leak its still your fault because you reused your credentials.
didnt happen.
i like how you say that without mentioning what i said that you consider incorrect. All common ways people lose their accounts are easily preventable. If you dont prevent them, its your fault that you lose the account.
why do you feel like its necessary to announce you are a terrible player?
no
i dont think you know what a high roller is.
Monte is going to whoever gives him the most money and that wont be riot.
chatlog?
terrible bait
pretty sure i read this exact thread about kayn and rift herald a few years ago
Because they arent committing any crimes. They are breaking laws sure, but contract disputes like this are a matter of civil law, not criminal law. If the players dont sue, nothing happens.
and everyone that doesnt deserve to be in bronze is out of there within a week instead of crying.
if you, a plat player, cant easily proof that you dont belong in silver, you, a silver player, are were you belong.
Please tell me you dont think The Witcher is a video game adaptation.
obviously talking about olleh. I see why your draft is like it is now.
Yes but just because he said the word lore it doesnt mean he knows about the books. Also just because he uses the word lore it doesnt mean he isnt talking about the games.
they mean Eika but technicly even 5 is wrong since Kadir has a playing contract with EG aswell
Not sure whats worse, that someone made up such a stupid rumor or that you belived it. You honestly think that getting items named after you (Athene, Lyandry, Total Biscuit, Ohmwrecker just from the top of my head) requires less effort than getting a existing skin? There were ten thousands durring R.A.F 2.0, probably hundred thousands after 3.0
You did say that. You said that only one person got Medieval Twitch through the first refer a friend system. There are multiple people, just listed 4 but there are more, that got items named after them through that same system. So getting that skin would mean more effort (more referd players) than getting a item named after you.
And there are multiple people that got items named after them through RAF 1.0 and you still think that only one got a already existing skin from RAF 1.0?
a guy posting something about league in a blizzard forum isnt a source.
If you cant find any source why would you even consider something that it might be true?
no
funny thing is that just based on this its obvious you deserve it
you dont need to guess, he shows that he is.
Just after i upgraded her other skin...
do you want matchfixing? thats how you get matchfixing
average of absolutely no cs per miuinte and talks about carrying his team oh boy.
anybody that thought Schalke Evo would be competitive in DACH hasnt been paying attention
i have no idea what you are trying to say
Nobody gives a fuck. There are ten thousands of boosting and boosted players.
and starting a reddit witchhunt while providing absolutely no fucking evidence is also not gonna be read.
lol no you are not.
Ah right, was looking at the wrong account. You are but its insanely obvious that you got boosted.
translation software exists.
No argument for why? nice.
its absolutely not debatable
well, you better start accepting that because its not gonna change.
2 invalid arguments. If riot actually wanted to remove it, it would be gone. Boosting itself is bannable, making a strategy that could be used for it is like banning all knives
its interessting how many people that use /csgobetting dont understand the basics of betting these days. Was far better when i was running that sub.
The Magicans season 1. The Reynard reveal, everything about that scene just no. That scene becomes even worse after a few months in the show have passed and all of the consequences of that scene are shown
it never did.
If you deserve to be higher than silver, you will easily get out of silver. If you dont, you arent good enough to get out of silver. Its that simple.
If Damwon changed theirs because one of their staff left (not their Headcoach, Kim was just one of 3 coaches), G2 changed theirs because their GM left.
Cody in second round is terrible, usually there are better options than Santorin available in 7th aswell. You have 4 adcs. which makes no sense. Picking Caps first is fine, but then you need to follow up with another high value pick. Bang at 6 is bad since you already have 2 options in that role, a better jungler or a good backup mid would've been far better. Miky at 3 is really good, Licorice at 4 is solid. Kumo and Johnsun are fine
Oh wow, okay yea you being 8th makes the Cody pick way worse. Was expecting 5th or something. At 8 and 9 you could've easily gotten 2 top tier players.At least one of : Wunder, Jankos, Selfmade, Jensen, Nemesis was still available guaranteed. Would need to see full draft history but if blaber is on the board in the 7th round there were other junglers available that were better than Santorin. Maybe not ranked as highly on draftbuff but thats because their ranking is garbage
If you honestly think that Santorin is not the worst jungler in NA and on a bottom 2 team i really cant help you. Santorin didnt have a bad 2019. He had a good 2014 and has been terrible since. Cody on his own isnt a terrible pick, but he is absolutely not a top 10 player in LEC/LCS and thats where you picked him.
if you remember theirs, is it really that unlikely that they remember yours?
like i said, Kim wasnt their headcoach, he was one of 3 coaches (not counting the headcoach). Their headcoach is Micro. He was there last year, and is there now.
You are responsible for your keeping your account safe, if you cant do that you are responsible for whats done with it in case you lose it.
Pretty much any service will have a clause like that
Honestly, this wont make it much worse. I think the kid will have a harder time if the others find out who the dad is than they would have if they find the moms pictures
nice
yea
sounds like your are playing bad comps and/or your positioning is garbage
championship skins are blue.
Seraphs on kha and your carries are dead pretty much instantly. He will assasin jump to back line with full mana and run to one shot your kog maw
it will never be possible because ping is a thing.
it is part of strategies. If they are on long cooldowns you can abuse windows of when they are on cooldown
45 games
thanks for reminding me why i shouldnt have discussions on reddit. Too many people with crayons in their brain.
because for anyone in a country with a working health care system its really not much more of an issue than the flu
I compared it to the flu because both arent a big deal in countries with working health care systems (germany, which we are talking about here, being one of them) and have similiar symptoms. I compared it to the common cold because you brought up vaccines like they make a difference on the severity of a disease (the common cold not having any vaccines either). For china it wasnt the wrong choice since they are quite a bit behind in terms of ... anything really. Medical staff to population ratio, medical facilities, supplies etc. and on top of that are already dealing with far more cases. But what china did does not matter because the situations are not comparable in any way
earlier detection and better handing of suspected cases because of the things i listed in my last comment, better hygiene standards to prevent some possible methods of spreading it. And yes, its not a big deal because its treatable and even going untreated the most severe known symptom is pneumonia which sucks but is usually only lethal to people with other medical issues (including old/very young age) or in very severe cases
no.
you are not better.
okay, since you asked for it. https://i.imgur.com/U5GqxIT.png https://i.imgur.com/K4ZgBV1.png Better than you're team? Nice one. https://i.imgur.com/rBCJa1x.png https://i.imgur.com/eYtujrJ.png https://i.imgur.com/vphDB4t.png https://i.imgur.com/AlqTTlm.png
you realize that makes going 1/10 while getting outfarmed by everyone on your team and your opponent laner far worse and isnt an excuse for inting on other champs, right? Also, you bought that account in high plat in season 4, might wanna shut up about teammates because i am pretty sure you inted quite a lot of games pretty hard to derank it to low gold.
If you want to copy pros you should copy knight. Cross your arms. Mouse on your right side but you use it with your left hand. It doesnt matter. It makes absolutely no sense to force yourself to play a certain physical way. Flash on D or F, doesnt matter. 3 or 4 fingers doesnt matter. Palm or Clawgrip doesnt matter.
seems pretty simple. Hold E with middle finger, flash R with index finger, Q with ring finger and depending on timing middle finger E release + W or W with ring finger aswell
oh yea, the irony of a botlaner playing botlane champs.
okay. So it didnt happen.
the EUNE pro scene is stronger than NA LCS (-C9)
any league that would be considerd EUNE by riot. All of Skandinavia, and everything east of Italy/Germany except Czechia is part of the EUNE scene. Thats pretty much half of the LEC (22 out of 47 EU players) and a lot of the regional leagues (6 out 13 with 2 being mixed).
they dont qualify for worlds, they qualify for european masters.
i didnt say that. You said that EUNE doesnt have a proscene which is completely wrong. I wouldnt care if EUNE had 3 challenger slots and i wouldnt care if they had 30000
&gt; that dude let me get pieced up by a good enemy jungler, then flamed me for being useless, when i fell behind due to him never showing &amp; after i got ganked 6 times, 3 times leading to death, other burning cooldowns (flash) to set up the kills. and i went on tilt, got heated and flame the guy. your fault. Wards and being more mentally stable than a 4 year old. &gt;also some flaming is justified, there really should be a closer look into the situation and whether or not its a REPEAT OFFENCE. no &gt;​ aswell as me having a chat filter ON, so when the occurance of me tilting and flaming happens, its just stars **** in chat, instead of the insults, yet. on the report it shows the actual words &amp; thats what I get judged on. no. It shows stars for you, your teammates see the words if they dont also have filter on.
by accepting that you arent better
yes, they see mistakes you are making before you aswell.
if you accept that you make as many mistakes, and still get tilted you need a therapist not a reddit thread.
no. It absolutely breaks the game.
because there is no time for timeouts and forcing them in would destroy the flow of the game. It would be like calling a timeout mid round in CS
36
thats not how words work
no and even if i had, what is the "this" they deserve?
2/10
the system caught it. Thats why these silver 4 ranked players are getting matched at plat 3
so you continued playing after you know there were server issues? Thats on you.
thats true but if you know that there are server issues, and continue playing its your fault that you lost LP. You knew that there was a massively increased risk, and since you continued to play you accepted that.
Thats gonna kill millions per year. Also junkies often arent in a condition to work a regular job (being either high or in withdrawl)
to argue that they deserve more you have to compare then to the people that got more and that doesnt go well. Its impossible to argue that NLC deserve the same amount of seeds as DACH, Spain, France or Poland.
no.
have you tried google?
https://support-leagueoflegends.riotgames.com/hc/en-us/articles/201751834-MMR-Elo-Boosting based on riots defintion it does and thats the only thing that matters here. Duo boosting isnt banable.
https://i.imgur.com/ciHXbic.png https://i.imgur.com/gn4kJj2.png yea what would you do without your team...
screenshots. Also its obviously not the only game
cool
you would have to try really hard to pick a less useful clip. No items, terrible quality, no way to slow it down
and the biggest reason why no one picks enchanters is that adcs play like trash below diamond. A Janna isnt gonna do anything with a bad adc. Nautilus has a much better time working with other roles
I am not sure thats enough. Fully aware that its circumstantial evidence but i just won a low role game playing protector asol where i beat a sniper player that hit Jhin 3 and Teemo 3. Was superdense galaxy and i found a celastial spat on top (6 Protector, 4 Celastial, 4 Mystic) but i had Titans + Gunblade on my Asol.
i never said NA players dont want it. I said teams. If you look at the way teams have been build for the last 5 years its insanely obvious. You have players like Altec, Apollo, Gate, Stunt, Pobelter, Stixxay, Akaadian, Aphromoo, JayJ, Santorin, WildTurtle, Hauntzer, Damonte and huhi in the league that have been there for years, have not shown any improvement or potential to improve to be on a level to even win NA and you want to go to worlds with guys like that? Thats not even going into the stack of talentless washed up players in academy.
https://i.imgur.com/21C90s6.png
yes
&gt; legit bookmakers don't even allow live betting on these games, because they don't want to fraud their customers its really funny that you actually think thats true. Its absolutely profitable for everyone involved and LCK and LPL absolutely sell the data, they just dont have a delayed stream
if anything you should ask riot to stop delaying the stream. Also if you actually read twitch chat, there is a lot more wrong than getting results spoiled
because TL didnt want it
so much factually wrong with this. - he was not a season 2 challenger - he was not the original on-sight ban player (you're looking at Jensen and DarkwinJax for that) - his ban is absolutely not related to his twitch ban
the problem is that they dont put in enough work then. Players like Rekkles, Jankos and Svenskeren (just went for other western players to avoid the korean esports acceptance excuse but just for the sake of it : Faker, Deft, Rookie) have been arround just as long and have no problem staying highly competitive.
do you get paid millions and have equity in one of the biggest brands of a billion dollar industry to play at a high level? Okay didnt think so, so your expierence does not matter.
yea my bad, thought you were actually interested in discussing the situation. I'm just gonna go to /r/nba and tell them about the time i got hit in the face by a basketball
Rookie, Faker, Jankos. All 3 have been pros at the highest level since season 3 and a roughly the same age. All 3 made semi finals at worlds last year, Jankos even making the final. Svenskeren won NA last split, Rekkles has been the best western adc for the last few years. Why dont they fall off? Its almost like they work hard enough to make sure that it doesnt happen.
Okay now that we have established that it comes down to work put in not age. That can only mean that TSM doesnt work enough, which means its 100% their fault. he gets paid millions and has equity in one of the biggest brands in a billion dollar industry. If his priorities change, he has to be fired and retire.
all games on lolesports count.
by buying them
some form of veteran presence ingame is important but yea there need to be regulations on it.
yea gonna need some names here because those game counts dont add up.
thats not racist.
the KKK is racist. The words arent.
Why would the intention not matter? In absolutely every criminal case the intention is just as important as the action. Someone stealing something to feed their family is completely different than someone else stealing that same thing just for fun.
you didnt. You asked why its not banable and the answer to that is because its not against ToS
yea if you ignore the increase in mythic drop chance (reducing the average by over 800 is quite big) and the chance for the 7 skin shard bag it makes sense to ignore the non skinshard drops to have it be roughly equal
okay? Thats literally every multiplayer free to play game ever.
go ahead and list every possible spelling in every language for the n-word. I'll wait. After you are done i will show you 50 you missed. Then we can do that again for every single of countless the racist terms that exist
a multi million dollar company could not do that. A multi billion dollar company could and would go bankrupt because you need multiple teams of fluent speakers in every single one of the about 7000 languages and even with that it would still be possible to find ways arround it
there are. League has a 60 character limit for chat messages. It would take trillions of universe lifetimes to get every combination, and thats without numbers or special characters and asuming a computer does it with millions of combinations per minute
Purely based on LP. You are on a bigger server. That is a top 1k LAS player, not NA
Fair point i suppose. Guess the general consensus from league that the difference between high diamond and low diamond is the same as between low diamond and bronze doesnt have to apply to TFT.
https://i.imgur.com/rZ9vjeG.png
no
you would get more from that than you would be worth in a real job so yea go for it
cant be generalized
/r/im12andthisisfunny
wouldnt make it out of groups at worlds and decent chance they dont even get there.
yes
&gt;so my question is when will we get to see LPL teams vs EU teams before Worlds? MSI which was canceled this year for obvious reasons &gt;Also if I remember it is confirmed that there will be 4 seeds from LPL and EU, how does that work ? EU top 4 summer playoffs, LPL Winner of Summer Playoffs + Most Championship points (given based on spring and summer results) + Winner of Regionals + TBA &gt;When will the chosen 4 teams get to Worlds? When do qualifications for Worlds start? Worlds is in october. Qualification is all year &gt;And how do u determine who is 1st seed 2nd etc. Different for every region
diamond to master
most riot casters are diamond
i see you are a perfect human that has never made a mistake
okay? Thats not news and not even his first turkish team
&gt;there are so many other midlaners with the same utility and mobility there arent and thats why
he absolutely should. He spend all game flaming and its pretty clear that it wasnt the only game
november
ok. 0.75/10
absolutely fucking not.
do you realize what an insane amount of work it would be for them?
okay lets say you are Mousesports. 18 games regular season and 16 playoffs. Go to EM as a Main Event seed 6 games in groups, and if you go all the way up to 11 in playoffs. 51 games on stage, your split is done. Only prep for DACH teams and top EM teams. Now lets say you are 1907 Fenerbahce. Also 18 games regular season but only 8 in playoffs. Then you play 6 in groups of EM, 11 in playoffs of EM. 43 games. Now comes worlds. You are from Turkey so you start in playins. 4 games. You win your group and play the NA 3rd seed. 5 more games. You beat them because NA is garbage. 6 more games and you go out in groups of worlds. So thats 58 games. Yes i hear you, thats not much more. But you have to be prepared for : - All turkish teams - Top teams from all regional leagues - Top teams from Brazil - Top teams from Latin America - Top teams from Japan - Top teams from Vietnam - Top teams from Oceania - Top teams from South East Asia - Upper mid tier teams from LEC - Upper mid tier teams from NA - Upper mid tier teams from Korea - Upper mid tier teams from China if you are good enough you also have to prepare for - Top teams from LEC - Top teams from NA - Top teams from Korea - Top teams from China
yea guess they have their reasons. Just sucks because it wouldve been a good chance to promote actual new jungle talent while getting rid of someone that has proven multiple times now that he is unprofessional and average on a good day (Meteos)
