The Dobsonians /u/Gusto88 is talking about do not need a table - they are tall enough to put on the ground and use.
I have a digital keyboard. I would have noodled on that - it's easier for me - then once I had the key of the piece, I could tell by the sound what position harp you would need. Second is easy, up a fifth.
There are two coma clusters. The Coma Star Cluster can be seen easily in binoculars - naked eye at dark sites. But it is too spread out for most telescopes. The Coma Galaxy Cluster is really quite faint, and I couldn't answer you - I'm sure it depends on your skies.
With a C harmonica, you can play in other keys, but that changes the nature of the scale you are playing. Most blues is played with G as the keynote. If you want to play blues in A, you would choose a D harmonica, and so on.
This has nothing to do with temperature. To cure it, move to a drier climate.
That's a truly lousy title. Pure clickbait.
I don't think any Cassegrain design lends itself to such a short focal length. SCTs are typically F 10, Maksutovs are F 12 and over.
Then why does it take over 2 hours for dew or frost to form on my telescope? And I don't even live in the desert.
Don't trust technology more complicated than a flint knife.
Bad news: optics are really cheap these days. Mounts cost more.
Venus is ridiculously bright.
You'd need a tripod 18 billion km high.
Hi! Calgary here! I bought my telescope (a 6 inch Maksutov) directly from Orion in California. Shipping was reasonable. I got the mount separately from a little outfit in Montreal.
"fainter" - a galaxy is intrinsically bright. A planet, unlit in the middle of deep space, is not.
"I don't want to spend too much money on my first car, so I'm getting one without an engine"
Your link is asking me to install the app on my laptop.
It never occurred to me to use pitch shift software. If you can play by ear, you're not limited my what key you heard a song. Likewise if you're reading tabs. Sheet music is nasty - if you can read it well, you can try transposing in your head. This is why people don't use sheet music much for harp: the sheet music chooses a key for you. And playing along with someone just doesn't work if you don't have the correct harp. D is a very useful key, but online instruction mostly calls for a C harp. Then again, I never had a C harp until recently - I learned in the days before the internet.
I was prepared to take a long break from this sub, but I want to contribute rather than give up on it. But certainly I'll hold back on comments on music uploads that I have nothing constructive to say about.
I have 6 keys, though I need to upgrade my G harp. I play mostly by memory, and play the same stuff in different keys (makes for a bit of a shock when I pull out my F harp. Excellent harp but very high).
OK, that worked. I could play along on the piano enough to find out that it's in C minor, 3rd position so it requires a B flat harp.
That's why I chose the harps I used: they are pretty much identical except for comb material. But one is pitched higher than the other, by a whole tone.
I had heard that comb material didn't affect the sound, but I noticed a slight difference so I decided to test it as best as I could. The 1847 Classic has heavily lacquered tines that are rounded for comfort. I find them very easy on the lips.
Don't pay bargain basement prices and expect to get anything but cheap junk. EDIT: You should be able to play simple melodies on it. Where you can get into trouble is things like bending - this requires something well- constructed. Hohner makes their good harmonicas, the ones they've built their reputation on, in their factory in Germany. Unfortunately, to make an extra buck, they put their names on cheap Chinese products. There are a few good Chinese harmonicas, but they cost more than 10 euros.
Photographs never, ever show what you see through the eyepiece - eyes are so limited in their night vision (poor colour vision, low resolution, and a blind spot where you look straight forward). The only worthwhile pictures here are sketches.
For good reason, I've moved from an equatorial mount to an alt-az mount (the ES Twilight I). But I had no problem aligning my EQ mount for visual use, good enough for me. I set the latitude, turned the scope to north (my balcony is aligned to the cardinal directions, so that takes about a minute), and voila! I had to adjust the declination every couple of minutes, but it basically worked. I think people are too picky about polar aligning when all they want to do is use the scope visually.
I agree that binoculars are a great idea, but I'm afraid that 7x50s might be a bit heavy for a 10 year old. I'd go for 8x42x.
That would be great!
Cats are the worst critics. My cat loves my recorder, but with harmonicas it's "Meh".
And skill. My planets look like lumpy potatoes.
I think a beginner should get a decent harp so their instrument's limitations don't discourage them.
One Mercury day is exactly 2 Mercury years. I've simulated it with Stellarium, with the equator of Mercury being the place I'm viewing from, and it's wild!
/r/telescopes has a sticky post with a guide to buying your first telescope. One of the first things to do is to figure out how much money you're willing to spend.
The Hohner harp he plays in the video is a Golden Melody, an unusual choice (Rachelle Plas plays them).
Human eyesight in dim light is very limited: nearly black and white, low resolution, and there's a spot directly in front of you that's only sensitive to brighter light. It's really an emergency backup system. As /u/plinytheballer mentions, this is worst with nebulae and galaxies. Planets are bright enough that our daylight vision is partly activated, and we can see them better. Meanwhile, photographs don't have these limitations.
More planet watching than anything, but that's because I live in the middle of a city with really bad light pollution. Planets, the Moon, double stars - that's the sort of thing that can punch through the light pollution.
I'm surprised. My go-to planetary eyepiece for my 6 inch Mak gives me 204x. And my seeing isn't that great.
Does the scope take 2 inch eyepieces? Many 6 inch scopes don't.
long focal ratios are better for planets, so why not an SCT?
Telescopes handle cold weather much better than people! Hello from Calgary.
Wikipedia lists no recent changes to Gamma Hydrae, and as a type III giant there's no reason to suppose a sudden change.
It's a big difference in light gathering, for a smaller difference in portability.
The Marine Band is a major diatonic harmonica. But the key really matters, if you want to play along with anyone (including instructional videos).
Unless your budget is really tight, yes.
That's why the only time I saw M33 was in 7x50 binoculars. Barely visible - ghostly.
I saw it so long ago that I was still using the 60mm Tasco refractor I bought at age 13. The 1970s, I think.
I don't use a mic. I have 3 Seydel 1847 Silvers and 2 1847 Classics. I also have a couple of Special 20s, a Golden Melody, and several Manjis. I'm not happy with the Manjis these days, but I like my Hohner harps (I just don't play them as much).
What you see through the eyepiece will never, ever resemble a photograph. Our night vision is very poor while a camera can show so much more.
It's Gamma Andromedae, my favourite double star! Two stars, one blue and one yellow, quite close together. Closer than the more famous Albireo.
It was called the Milky Way, from what it looked like, long before astronomers discovered that there were different galaxies and it was one of them.
Since you can only afford binoculars at the moment, there are a couple of things to consider. You want big lenses - more mms (millimeters), but you want low magnification so they don't magnify shakiness so much that you need to put the binocs on a tripod. For most people, 10x50 is a good compromise. I have extra-shaky hands, I use 8x42 binoculars. The first number is the magnification, the second number is the aperture - lens size - in millimeters.
Planets are tiny. Even with a telescope, you need high magnification to see things like the rings of Saturn well. But the Moon is a better target - you can get a good overall view of the Moon with binoculars. Binoculars are at their best looking at things like star fields and open star clusters.
The problem you are facing is that there is no official way to connect the bright stars of a constellation. A constellation is officially defined by the area of sky it occupies, and the stars aren't taken into account here.
The Sagittarius Teapot seems to be a recent thing. I'm a bit older, and when I was young I learned about the Milk Dipper, an asterism that occupies the northern half of the Teapot.
I'm sorry, 4 is too young for a telescope. I'd wait until he's 7.
A Moon globe?
I'd go for the tabletop because it's much easier for a kid to set up.
I used my 4 inch Maksutov at 140x all the time, though I is probably a better scope than OPs.
There are 7 or 12 positions, depending on who you ask. I don't find 4th position confusing, it's the natural minor.
Things move together because of gravity, for the most part.
I'd love to have a tenor, but my hands are so small that my alto gives me a hard time.
It was impressive in Bortle 9 skies where I live! Wow! But the photo shows faint detail you'll never see without a camera.
The 32mm will be useless for planets, while you can get by for now with the eyepieces you already have looking at DSOs. I'd get a 8mm to 5mm eyepiece for planets and other small things.
The very short answer is that a star returns to the same position after 23 hours and 56 minutes - not quite a day.
I didn't know GMs were resin, thanks.
It's a comet.
That is a great picture! What a non-newbie can achieve!
Not necessarily, M31 and M33 are nearby galaxies.
Wooden recorders can be hard to take care of; I just got my first one after many years of using plastic recorders. Good ones are quite expensive, too. I'd start with a plastic recorder. The best ones have quite a good sound, and you can clean them in the dishwasher if you like! Yamaha and Aulos have a wide selection, but make sure you get one of their more expensive ones.
I didn't know that. I've gotten away with it twice, but I normally clean plastic recorders in the sink with soap and water.
It depends on how you reckon the sizes of the constellations.
/r/telescopes is for all sorts of astronomy gear, so this fits right in! I'm glad you have fun with your new toy! The Andromeda Galaxy should be visible in much more light polluted skies than yours. Having it close to the horizon, though, doesn't help.
I want to add that light pollution doesn't affect the observing of planets. I live with heavy light pollution, and planets are among the few really good things to look at.
I'm Canadian, and unless it's USD, I always specify the currency. So CAD $.
Soaking a harp with a wooden comb in water is BAD!
The speed of light is finite, is all.
I look at the sketches. The only time I saw Syrtis Major, the sketches of the Great American Eclipse.
My 8.8mm is my goto planetary eyepiece. My 6.7mm turned out to be too short a focal length for a Maksutov, unfortunately. They are very good.
The Pleiades.
Uranus is much brighter. It is easily visible in binoculars.
I don't like puns anyway.
This!
You'd need to hire a troll to put the scope on the cart, too.
It depends on how long you consider a full moon to last. I think one day, so no.
Stephen Jay Gould talks about the word in Wonderful Life, his book about the Cambrian Explosion.
Our Moon is already in a very distant orbit.
It's best to get separate telescopes for visual and AP for now. So a Dob would suit your present needs.
It needs a mount too. Really, it will cost as much getting this one working as it would be to buy a better scope.
Space is silent.
Planets show up fine with a telescope in a city. Unfortunately, right now most of the planets are too close to the Sun to see well.
That depends on the size of your bank account - you really need a budget in dollars or whatever currency you use.
That's bare-bones minimum. The AWB OneSky is one of your few choices. Check out the sticky at the top of the page - it's a guide to beginning telescope buyers.
A closed window will badly distort the image. An open window causes serious air currents that the telescope magnifies. They are both bad situations, to be avoided. I'd find somewhere else to set up your scope.
I'd get either a 25mm or 32mm Plossl, and a 9mm goldline (Orion Expanse if you don't mind a pricier one).
Gee, the only famous harp player I've seen was Sonny Terry. A long time ago.
You're exagerrating a bit unless that's $500 in Canadian funds. I recently got a maple wood Moeck Rottenburgh alto recorder, which I'd call a high-end student model, for CAD $540, including $75 shipping from England. In American money it would cost 2/3 as much.
Well, I love it - best investment in a long time. And I did say it was a student model
Apollo was the first spacecraft to carry a computer. They needed it to make a course change - insertion to lunar orbit - out of radio contact with Earth. It was a marvel of engineering - a computer smaller than a fridge - and was a big step towards today''s miniaturized computers.
The average lifetime of a species is one million years. Not trillions. EDIT Also you're assuming that space is bigger than the universe. I think this is false.
Funny, I like the Seydel 1847 because, under the very conservative styling, are innovations like steel reeds and sex bolts to attach the cover plates.
Stellarium gives the distances to the planets at any moment within the past several thousand years. And the future.
Life took over a billion years to evolve on Earth. The situation you're talking about doesn't look stable for anything like that amount of time. I think life is next to impossible.
It should be an itty bitty orange dot.
127mm is obviously better, but will never fit in a backpack. I have doubts about the 102mm. I do all my observing from my inner-city balcony, and have both a 102mm and a 150mm Makstov, both from Orion. For the big Mak (as I call it), I have an Explore Scientific Twilight I mount. It's a very good alt-az mount. But it's no more portable than a Dob - just easier to see over the balcony railing with it. Your experience with DSLRs won't help you - telescopes area much bigger. The AWB OneSky is a 130mm tabletop Dobsonian that IS backpackable. And it needs no tripod as long as you can find a place to put it. I'd look into that (though I do appreciate people who shop for Maks!)
I have the second one! It's a bare-bones OTA - with everything, it came to CAD $1500 (roughly USD $1000). I'm very happy with it.
No, I don't have a reason to. But it would be easier to transport if I went out of town.
I have an Omcon 4 1/2 inch scope that I don't use any more. It has multiple problems. I hope the higher-end Omcons are better!
I think it has to do with the difference between sundial time and mean solar time - the Sun isn't a perfect clock, partly because the Earth's orbit is elliptical.
You must be smoking some pretty good stuff!
With a broken lens, it's worthless.
The lenses are curved, ground to a high precision - you can't go to a hardware store and buy that sort of thing.
That's an absurd premise. If the Moon was made of green cheese would it stink?
Why are you using a computer?
I play 1847 Classics and Silvers, which are very similar, and don't have any of those problems. One thing - I don't tongue block.
Computerized telescopes are more trouble than they are worth.
Apps are notorious for being faulty. And Venus is painfully bright in the morning sky right now.
Not really. There are filters for telescopes, but they are only moderately effective against some specific kinds of lights. Getting away from the light is the only real cure. I know, I live in the inner city myself.
You have to bring the whole telescope down to outdoor temperatures.
Telescopes work poorly unless they are the same temperature as the outside air.
I'd use software. Stellarium. No sense reinventing the wheel.
I have no clue what time you'll be flying - or if you have flown already. I think the Ursids will be ahead of you.
The fundamental idea of relativity is that the speed of light in a vacuum appears the same under all conditions. So no.
Venus is so obvious in the morning sky right now that people take it for a UFO. Mars is still visible in the evening sky, bright enough to be seen if stars are visible at all. Jupiter and Saturn are close to the Sun.
The Sun and the Moon both appear to be half a degree wide.
I like the mid-range best. C and B flat. But that's just me.
It's certainly possible to see a lot of deep sky objects with a scope like the Heritage. But light-gathering is everything when looking for faint objects, so the the bigger the aperture the better.
Dollars, pounds, or Euros?
I have an Aulos 703. It's a good choice, a top of the line plastic recorder!
I dunno, it has a 3 octave range. A recorder has less, but it's chromatic. Both are instruments that can play all sorts of things, but neither is as flexible as a guitar.
I think you must have an Aulos 709. That's the alto in the 700 (Haka) series. I have one, it has a sweet sound. If you can't find enough music written for the alto recorder, learning to play by ear is critical. It will help you broaden things so much, and I encourage you!
OP is interested in detail on the planets. That's the one thing binoculars are worst at. But of course, I recommend both!
I didn't even think of ES 82s that big! Congrats!
Moon halos are common here in Canada.
I hear that Suzuki Harp Masters fit your budget and are decent. The most useful key to start out with is C.
The xt6 is a great choice if your budget is limited.
You will be able to see a LOT, but not zoomed-in the way you could see things in a telescope.
I'm Canadian, and I can play Dixie. It's not hard; the main problem is the tempo which is very fast.
Water is dripping even though it's 40F? Man, water condenses when the air cools off. I think you're doing what you can, except you might try to keep your eyepieces warm. It's much harder to see M42 in Orion on a moonlit night - it's much harder even with very heavy light pollution like I have.
No, those are ideal gifts for a cat.
This is a good telescope for looking at objects on land a few miles away. For planets, not. Your budget is tiny to get a decent scope.
Celestron made its reputation with its high-end Cassegrain telescopes. But it is willing to sell any piece of junk to make a buck. Please avoid all Celestron scopes under USD $500.
There's so much background noise you can barely hear the harp.
I think most people don't use mics.
Long focal length Plossls are quite good, but avoid any that are 10mm or less. They have poor eye relief and a narrow field of view. The gold lines are much better, and don't cost a lot more.
What do you mean?
But most people aren't in bands.
OK. I'm from Canada - I just didn't understand your question.
An 8 inch telescope will have 16/9 better light gathering than a 6 inch one, not far short of double.
The OneSky is designed to work without a tripod. The mount it as is very stable; putting it on a tripod will defeat that. Besides, tripods cost as much as your scope.
American folk.
Great place to start!
Have you noticed that Mars is a little orange smudge right now in any telescope short of the Hubble?
Starting high on the food chain, eh? Congrats!
Is that in the United States somewhere?
To do a thorough job, I'd take it apart completely, leaving the reeds on the reed plates, soak any parts that aren't wood in water, and scrub with a damp toothbrush. The tricky part is getting things put together properly, which is why I only do this when I really have to.
Barlows were OK when high power eyepieces sucked. Now, you really don't need them.
I"m sorry, this is not really nice. It's overexposed.
For your scope, a 9mm gold line would be ideal.
Light takes time to travel. You're supposing that the speed of light is infinite.
I got that telescope at age 8!
I have a 8mm Orion Expanse, that's a good example but much more costly than the generics.
???
You can get good views of the Moon and the planets, and with your lack of light pollution you should be able to have excellent views of fainter stuff like nebulae and the brighter galaxies.
You can see galaxies with binoculars.
I have a Explore Scientific Twilight I mount and tripod. It's a solid alt-ax mount that I use for my 6 inch Maksutov. I love it!
The Earth is closest to the Sun in January, midwinter for most people. Axial tilt matters much more than the elliptical orbit.
The closest oppositions aren't worth much to northerners like me because Mars is far south then.
I have 2 Maksutovs that have both survived dropping the OTA without needing collimation. It was a streak of bad luck, but the nickname stuck.
The Earth's position in its orbit barely matters. It's the position on its axis that causes winter.
OP's question was badly worded.
There is no center. The idea of a center comes from our intuition of geometry based on our local experience. It doesn't apply to the universe.
Pictures of the Moon, and poor quality pictures of the planets, are possible with you scope. DSOs require something a lot more expensive.
If money is no object, then how strong you are and how big a vehicle you drive are the limitations. You don't want to get something so hefty that you aren't willing to take it out often!
It's easier to align a finder looking at a distant target in daylight, one that doesn't move. objects in the sky like Mars present moving targets to a telescope.
With respect to the plane of Earth's orbit.
You should learn to play by ear ASAP - so little is written down for the harmonica.
The easiest way still for me to find the key a song is in is on a piano keyboard. figuring it out with harmonicas is, for me, a bit of trial and error. But I usually know the the position by ear.
Is that AUD or USD? It would make a big difference.
Then spend slightly more and get a Heritage 130p.
The problem is that this mount, which is very light, is paired with a very long telescope. It will be stable as jelly. I have a very short telescope on an EQ2 mount. The mount is just adequate. Any longer scope wouldn't work.
Constantly move, probably. Outright break, not as likely.
And melodies sound more in tune, hence the name :)
I've found that Manjis NORMALLY need adjusting out of the box. They're terrible that way.
My 32mm Plossl will have to do. There's a good Televue dealer in my province, and it's nice to deal locally for a change. Thanks!
I can get the televue locally for CAD $150. It's on my wish list, but it's a fair whack of money for something so specialized.
Venus shows its phase, but nothing else. The planets with good details to look at - Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn - are all right next to the Sun this month.
I've used a 4 inch scope from downtown Calgary, and DSOs are a bit of a challenge. The very brightest are there: the Orion Nebula is obvious and easy to find; so is the Pleiades cluster. The Andromeda Galaxy is a bit more challenging, and likely the only galaxy you can see without getting away from most of the light pollution. Check out double and multiple stars. They're the bread and butter of urban astronomy, besides planets. My favourite is Gamma Andromedae, not far from the galaxy. Stunning colour contrast!
That amount of magnification is fine. But I'd use a shorter eyepiece.
Unfortunately, Jupiter and Saturn are both too close to the Sun to see right now. You'll have to wait a couple of months to see them in the pre-dawn sky. Gold line 6mm and 9mm eyepieces are good for planets. This is a design: generic ones are very affordable. Orion Expanse are a brand name version, but they cost nearly twice as much: I have several.
Longer focal ratios aren't necessarily better, just different. My telescope is a 6 inch f/12 Maksutov. It's good at using high magnification, but it has a narrow field of view. One reason why I got it is that it's good for looking at small bright objects like planets and double stars: only the very brightest DSOs can punch through my inner-city light pollution. I chose accordingly. My only 2 inch eyepiece was chosen to show the widest possible true field of view. It can't quite show the Pleiades as a whole. Maksutovs like mine are rather specialized, and Schmidt Cassegrains are similar.
The other reason I went with the Maksutov (it's my 4th telescope) is that I planned to do nearly all my observing on a narrow apartment balcony. A Dob wouldn't see over the railing: I needed something on a tripod. And I liked the smaller Maksutov I already had.
The rated weight capacity of a mount is a maximum for visual use. Photography has less tolerance.
I didn't know there was any advantage to a 1.25" 40mm Plossl and I wondered why they were on the market. Thanks for informing me!
You just helped me solve a problem I've had for years! I live in Canada: American planispheres are never quite right. But I can order online now! They have planispheres in England, and Calgary is the exact same latitude as London. Problem solved!
If you were in space you could use 700x with a 14 inch scope. On the ground, looking up through miles of air, it's silly to try. Air movements spoil the view of fine detail.
A 14" scope will achieve 700x if you buy a 5mm eyepiece for it. But that would be useless. A 20mm eyepiece would get 175x which is way more useful for the minority of objects that you want to magnify a lot. 700x is an estimate of how much you can magnify things before they become impossibly blurry, under ideal conditions. This is independent of focal length. It's just a fact about 14" scopes. But looking through air things get impossibly blurry at 200x-300x, regardless of how big your scope is. So you don't bother spending money on that 5mm eyepiece, is all.
As people have said, right now is a lousy time to look for planets. But there are some great objects out there: M31, the Andromeda Galaxy. Brightest galaxy visible in the northern hemisphere. M45, the Pleiades. Brightest star cluster. M42, the Orion Nebula. Best nebula in the sky. Use a low power, long focal length eyepiece for all of these. Use high power for the tiny Trapezium cluster at the heart of M42 To find this stuff, use software - Stellarium - and a guidebook - Turn Left at Orion.
The clouds sure are obligatory! It's January 3 and I haven't been able to use TLAO to find anything yet :(
Tell us more!
Only the Moon, I'm afraid. The best option would be using a smartphone.
Op's son has a scope.
That's weird. The Pleiades can be seen - barely - with Bortle 8. They aren't directly on the line from Hamal to Aldebaran: you could have missed them or there was a little cloud you didn't spot...
Great idea!
I'm not sure if you know that you can take the tube off the base for transport. Two easier trips.
You realize that you have chosen the telescope design that's worst for photography.
Thanks!
I have a 4 inch scope that I used to use a lot. I never felt the need for a moon filter, and I prefer low power to look at the Moon.
I've found it in a 4" scope with Bortle 9 skies. But you have to know exactly where to look. Mucking around the neighbourhood will get you nowhere. I used Stellarium, and memorized the star hop from Beta And. Turn Left at Orion would be an even better resource. And be sure to use your lowest power eyepiece. Good hunting!
Damn sight better than visual in Bortle 9! I viewed M42 last week.
It's out of focus.
Augustus is saying way too bluntly that the scope is so bad it would be unethical to sell it.
Yeah, Celestron makes a huge variety of telescopes
Does this mean I don't have to spring for a Televue Delite for my big Mak?
It's a wonderful tool! But not so useful if you have tons of light pollution. I really can't see anything fainter than second magnitude. My zero magnification finder was great with planets, but clueless with something like Albireo. A star you can't see in a large blank region of sky? I'm now happy with a 50mm RACI finder. I wish you the best of luck!
I use an 8.8mm ES 82 for planetary. I'm really happy with it!
I earned it! I've dropped 2 OTAs without hurting them.
I haven't used one. It makes setup time before viewing much longer, for one thing.
Do you wear glasses? Try taking them off when you use the telescope. I'm almost blind, and I do.
Potato-like Moon, but great story!
I didn't think bent pinky was a thing. You'd have to have huge fingers to do that! EDIT: I tried both positions on a soprano (I usually play alto). Straight, the ball of my pinky covered both holes comfortably. Bent, the tip of my pinky only covered one hole. I can't imagine the bent position working.
Soprano recorders are transposing, though! They transpose down an octave to fit the treble clef better: they use the same sheet music as a tenor recorder.
Of course, transposing an octave is a piece of easy.
I thought it was very mild teasing combined with high praise for the story. Guess this isn't a medium for subtlety.
No. You don't find things just with the telescope. That way lies madness.
Cheap equatorial mounts are awful. The Heritage is great value.
Value as in, you get much better accessories for slightly more money.
Short Plossls like the 8mm and 6mm have a small field of view, and require you to jam your eye into the eyepiece to see anything. I have an 8mm Plossl from Televue, best quality, that I have hardly used. More modern designs are so much better than this. These are eyepieces suitable for viewing planets and close double stars, but a 9mm or 6mm gold line would do the job better.
The equatorial mount adds a lot of weight without increased function. Sure, you need an EQ mount for photography, but you need a very expensive one in that case. For visual, you're better off with a Dobson mount. EDIT: for less money, and similar portability, you can get a 200mm Dob, with over twice the light gathering ability.
It can be difficult to find focus with the Moon. Try focusing on a star with a medium power eyepiece: stars come to sharp points when they are in focus, and it's easier to tell how to focus on them. Then look at the Moon.
By the way, the lighting is really flat at full moon. you don't see the sharp contrasts you can see at other phases.
At least it's not too effin cold to use a telescope, even if it was clear. That's my situation.
204x usually works for me, with an 8.8mm Explore Scientific 82 degree eyepiece.
I leave my telescopes fully assembled - except for eyepieces - scattered around my living room. Leaving the dust caps on is adequate protection, since I don't smoke.
I observe from my balcony with Bortle 9 skies as well. I've been doing this for 6 years. My balcony faces East, looking over an alley where there are nasty bright lights. Downtown skyscrapers are less than 2 miles away. I have bigger scopes than you, a 4" and a 6" Maksutov. I observe planets a LOT. I'm not crazy about the Moon: it's usually close to full when I see it. I like observing double stars - there are a number of reasonably bright doubles. The list of DSOs is more limited: the Orion Nebula is obvious even in binoculars, while viewing the Andromeda Galaxy is more of a challenge. The wider open clusters are good in binoculars. That's about it!
I've imported scopes from Orion in the States. Costs about the same.
Saving up is a great idea! $100 is such a small budget that whatever you get will be more frustrating than helpful.
A little warning: the Andromeda Galaxy looks nothing like this through the eyepiece of a telescope, certainly not an affordable one. Too bad our eyes can't take time exposures!
I have 8x42 binoculars. 10x50s would show more, but are heavier. Fortunately, quality doesn't matter as much with binoculars as it does with scopes, and cheap ones are OK. Check out the binocular sub. I find them indispensable.
Hmm... the Moon seems to be growing fungus around Copernicus crater... wait, it's just a cloud ;)
I got it after two telescopes survived my clumsiness.
My Mak has 1800mm fl, f/12. Small fov! I chose my 2" eyepiece to maximize the fov: it's a 38mm Orion Q70, and gets 47x. The fov is still a bit too small to show the entire Pleiades... This makes using my main scope to starhop not very practical, you're right. I bought a bracket so I could use both the RDF and my 50mm finder, but it dropped the big finder on the floor and broke it. I've been lucky dropping OTAs, but I've broken two of these finders :(
You do realize that if your ship reaches a region of space without enough hydrogen, it will drift through with the same speed as before. Momentum and all that.
I started with the alto, and it really worked for me. I've been playing recorder for over 30 years, and have branched out to the soprano and tenor. One thing: I hardly ever work with written music. That makes the differences of the various sizes pretty minimal.
Are you sure you don't mean an Aulos 511? I got one recently. For years I put off getting a tenor because I have stubby fingers, but I'm having fun now. The quality is much like my Aulos 509 alto.
There is one possible problem with quick focus binocs: I have a pair that are hard to focus precisely. In astronomy, you don't focus very often, you're not in a hurry, but you do want to get it just right.
I think you're going to have to double your budget if you want a scope that's at all adequate for planets.
I have a 4" Maksutov on an EQ2 mount, light and stubby. It's adequate, but aiming an EQ mount can be frustrating. I also have a 4.5" Newtonian on an EQ2 mount. NOT adequate. An 8" scope would be out of the question!
Schorhr, I pegged the Funscope as the best of these three, because of its stable mount, but from what I remember it really sucks bad for planets. Am I correct? I'm out of practice reviewing scopes.
That's really too heavy for an EQ2.
When I hear "lens trouble" I think something's wrong with the front lens of your refractor. What you are calling lenses are known in the biz as "eyepieces", to make the distinction clear. I hope this is helpful!
The glare from the gas station would prevent your eyes from adapting to the dark, so you couldn't see much.
You've been reading The DaVinci Code.
There's no such thing as medium difficulty. It depends on the person.
In the previous sentence the commenter suggested getting away from light pollution. Please read carefully.
OP needs to know why it won't work. Otherwise you're just some grumpy dude. EDIT: OP, sorry I can't help you. My experience of electronics in astronomy is limited to using an app to see where to aim my totally manual telescope. I'm not the person to ask about this!
Depends on what scope you're trying to mount. I use an alt-az mount now and I'm much happier - aiming it is more intuitive.
It's just that the light mount would shake a lot, making viewing very difficult.
I think it's great that you want a 6" Dob and want to limit your spending to that. So many other beginners want to economize too, but get something so cheap that it's a total disappointment. I think a 6" Dob is a great starter scope, especially if you don't have wheels!
I got the tag because I've dropped two Maksutov telescopes without any real damage....
I'm glad you quantified this!
Small quibble: I have a 4" Maksutov on an EQ2 mount and it's adequate for visual. Barely.
Massive stars like Betelgeuse live fast and die young. I don't think there would be time for life more complex than bacteria to evolve.
It's hard to tell because of the colour difference, but Betelgeuse looks a bit fainter than Bellatrix tonight!
I agree. I would ordinarily just recommend binoculars if you couldn't afford a reasonable telescope, but planets are one of the few things binoculars are poor at. If OP's heart is set on planets, I'd say save up.
Castor and Pollux have the same relationship.
Our eyes simply aren't built to see full colour in near darkness, is all.
Looks like a waffle iron to me, but that's another sub.
Of the two, the travel scope would be better for wildlife. Neither is at all suited for astronomy. With your budget, binoculars would be much better for both astronomy and general use.
It's finally, after 2 weeks of bitter, bitter cold, as toasty warm as your forecast. Count your blessings!
Spring if you're willing to do your stargazing around 4 am.
Yes, appetizers are on the menu, but not the mains: Jupiter and Saturn will soon be visible in the morning sky. Mars is visible now, but only an appetizer sized portion - a tiny orange disk - is visible in the pre-dawn sky. Watch for Mars in October. Oktoberfest will be Marsfest!
Finally cloudy after two weeks of bonechilling cold.
Why are you looking for Venus? To align your finder, look at the farthest thing you can find - ON THE GROUND. In daylight, when more things are visible. Stars and planets appear to move across the sky, and this can screw up your alignment. But a tree a few yards away won't do either.
I live in the center of a city of one million. The Orion Nebula is really obvious in binoculars - this doesn't mean other nebulae are visible.
Glad to see this! M41 is on my to-do list for this winter.
Whaddya mean 50mm RACI used for 8" Dobs and up? I put one on my 4" Mak! Totally unbalanced it, but I was finding stuff like Albireo that was otherwise totally buried in light pollution. My big-ass finder changed my life!
I was just given Turn Left at Orion. I used it to make a list of two dozen objects that are highly recommended for users of small telescopes, that I figure will be visible in very light polluted skies. Now I just have to track them down. I've already found one that I'd heard of before but never knew quite where to look: M35, a bright star cluster in Gemini. Well worth it!
I'm just going "Hey! That's what the Trapezium looks like!" - in my Maksutov. Views with Newtonians are different.
Destroy it indeed! I love your destructorama!
That was pretty obvious as soon as I looked through the filter.
Human eyes are really good at seeing things in high resolution and full colour - in broad daylight. In dim light, we see low resolution views with hardly any colour. Photographs fool you because we use our daylight vision when viewing them. But it's our night vision that counts when looking through the eyepiece. It may be a lousy view, but it's the actual light given off by a galaxy or nebula, and that counts for something!
I should try that.
Good thing I use mine with an f/12 Maksutov!
I hope everyone realizes that you have to add 50% to the US prices to get prices in Canadian dollars. OP's budget isn't quite as generous as it looks.
My Maksutov has a focal length of 1800mm. This eyepiece would yield 450x. A bit high, eh? But your principle remains.
This is helpful and jives with my experience!
I'd recommend Nightwatch as a basic guide for beginners. Also, Turn Left at Orion, as a field guide for nifty stuff to see in the sky. The author of Nightwatch, Terence Dickenson, also wrote a much shorter book more specifically aimed at beginners. I cannot remember the title! This is embarrassing because I just gave it to my brother. Great place to start.
A lot of people have recommended a 6" Dobsonian for excellent reasons. But I think a 5" tabletop Dob would be easier for your kid to take out and set up on his own, and I think the independence would benefit you both.
Astronomers generally use bigger binoculars, which gather more light, but you can see a lot in 8x42 binoculars and they are much more portable.
It's a wonderful place to start. The view through an eyepiece may be a letdown if you're used to photos, but that's true of any telescope. Otherwise you'll have a great time if you don't compare your scope with the one you could have bought.
Cassegrains are catadioptrics, not reflectors. Hybrids.
Jupiter looks like that with low power. I have that scope: you need something like a 9mm gold line to see detail on the planets..
This is very good!
I didn't know they made f/4.2 refractors. Not exactly a planet killer!
Nobody ever says "I can't get my telescope to work" if they have a manual telescope. This is a common complaint.
It depends on what you're looking for. I do my observing in very heavy light pollution, Bortle 9. Much worse than your typical suburb. Nebulae and galaxies are the most difficult: I can only see the very brightest of each. But I can see quite a few star clusters, and lots of double stars. And planets. The view of planets and the Moon isn't affected one bit by light pollution. I'm seeing this with a 6" Maksutov: the Dobsonians everyone is going to recommend can see at least this much.
I assumed OP was referring to commonly available Cassegrains, not exotics.
Everybody's phasing out the kind of streetlight that light pollution filters work against. If you can get out of town, that's the way to go. EDIT: btw hello from Calgary!
Warning: a scope that can take pictures of galaxies will set you back a couple of grand, because galaxies are faint and you need time exposures. Everything in the sky appears to move, and you need a REALLY good tracking mount.
Thanks! My scopes are both marked Made in China, but Synta has a factory near Shanghai.
Your problem is that mounts cost as much as telescopes, which is why budget telescopes get paired with such awful mounts.
Binaries come with all sorts of separations. Albireo is super easy for any telescope. Others are harder - there's a continuum.
I looked for it, but didn't get my hopes up.
I like colourful doubles: Albireo, Almach, Gamma Delphini. That sort of thing.
Hi! I'm from Calgary. Is your $500 budget US dollars or itty bitty Canadian dollars? Big difference!
You need to be a lot more gadget oriented than I am to enjoy a computerized scope. And I have to warn you - posts here that ask "How do I get my telescope to work?" are very common with computerized telescopes. The software is primitive. But he might enjoy it, just the same.
A 6" Dob is the way to go, then.
Well, this pic isn't overexposed...
Does it have a mount?
Personally, I get by with very few eyepiece focal lengths. I have a 38mm Q70 (and an f/12 scope) that's all I use for wide angle views. The next one I actually use is a 15mm Expanse. I do have several planetary eyepieces, but that's a specialty of mine.
Sounds expensive and not at all portable.
Be warned: mounts cost as much as scopes.
There's M32 that I saw for the first time the other night! Hello!
You don't have enough money to buy a telescope. One that you won't quickly give up on in frustration and never look through a telescope again.
I want a vehicle - see how vague that is? Being a bit more specific would help a lot.
What kind of scope is it? It would help us visualize the situation.
I have an Omcon reflector. The mount - an EQ2 - is truly wretched. The latitude clutch will fail and the top of the telescope will slide over.
It's obviously a midsized refractor on an eq mount. Instead of trying to find a manual for this scope - which is likely to be useless - I'd look up information on how to use an EQ mount, that sort of thing. It may be an unusual maker, but it's a common type.
They do make universal ones
One problem with stargazing is that only a small part of the sky is interesting to look at. The brightest thing in your sky was a star, and stars don't look like much unless they're double. Venus is too close to the Sun to see right now. Jupiter doesn't rise until well after midnight. Saturn is near it, as well as Mars. The best time to see these planets is 3-4 am. To find the planets, and other things in the sky, I use planetarium software: Stellarium on my laptop, and SkySafari on my phone. It shows me things like where in the sky a constellation is. For other objects I use Turn Left at Orion. This book shows you, in detail, how to find the most interesting stuff and what to expect. Best of wishes in your new endeavor!
You'll have to say more. There are more kinds of telescopes than there are cars.
"Not Super Expensive" could be anything from $200 to $2000. It just depends on your financial situation.
Go-to telescopes are harder for beginners. Sure, once you get one set up it can find things for you most of the time, but setting the thing up takes a while and you're interacting with software that is not user friendly at all. And you still need a basic knowledge of the sky.
Telrad is a brand name.
With your budget, the only good telescopes are 5 inch tabletop Dobsonians. There are several models on the market.
It's not bad. But it likely has a rickety mount - this can be frustrating.
Because magnifying things doesn't make them brighter. Just the opposite.
There's a sticky at the top of the sub that discusses this in detail.
I'd try the 5mm eyepiece. Jupiter is far south this year and often near the horizon for many people. This makes for an extra amount of air to look through that will blur the view.
Yes, you can see most of what you can see in any amateur telescope with this.
Can you see to the southeast? That's critical for viewing planets right now. That and south.
The Coathanger Cluster is cool, and visible with a lot of light pollution. I know. Lots of double stars, Epsilon Lyrae, Gamma Delphini...
There's a reason they quit making Canadian pennies 7 years ago!
No. Get a scope for viewing, with an eye to getting an astrophotography rig later. Combining the two is like playing soccer and tackle football with the same equipment.
Err, the optics are the cheapest part of the system.
Somehow you're not in focus still.
Double your budget and you can buy a suitable mount.
There's a standard cleaning method?
Go-to scopes require a power source which will be difficult while camping.
The beauty of dropping Maksutovs - twice! - is the neither needed collimation afterwards :)
For your budget, you can get two 8" Dobs that will totally outperform your little scope. Or one computerized scope that won't perform quite as well, but will still be a lot better than what you've got.
You'll find most of the planets are best seen an hour or two before dawn, unfortunately. I love Turn Left at Orion - it's given me a lot to look for while I wait for the planets to be visible at a more convenient hour.
My first telescope, that I got in 1970, is missing that part. One of these years I'm going to fix it.
You do know that Barlows increase magnification? These days, Barlows have been made mostly obsolete by quality eyepieces that cost less than a good Barlow. Why are you looking for eyepieces or Barlows? It'd be nice to know what you'd do with more.
Once you focus your telescope it will be in focus for the next object - unless you change your eyepiece. Eyepieces usually require different focus points.
Bright objects that don't require time exposures can be photographed with most telescopes. Basically the Moon and bright planets. But otherwise you need a heavy duty precision tracking mount, and those start at 1000 pounds. For the mount.
Eyepieces come in two common widths: 1.25" and 2". The 1.25" eyepieces that fit your telescope will fit the great majority of telescopes.
I saw the Andromeda Galaxy the other night at 3:30 am. I have severe Bortle 9 light pollution, but I've seen it in a 4" scope before. A faint blur that marks the very core of the galaxy.
A nice motor vehicle... Well, there's SUVs, sedans, pick-up trucks, 18 wheelers, motorboats, yachts, airplanes, etc... But a good general purpose vehicle is the Toyota RAV4.
The Andromeda Galaxy in particular can be a disappointment. The photographs are so misleading! But I get a lot of satisfaction thinking about the very long journey those photons took to reach my eye.
The colour sensors in human retinas only work well in broad daylight. The light from galaxies and nebulae is too faint to stimulate them. The Orion Nebula may be an exception: many people see a subtle green colour there.
Stellarium is great, it tells you what's up when. But to set priorities, I rely on a printed book: Turn Left at Orion. It says what's really interesting, and how to go about finding it. My only quibble is the authors assume you have a dark sky. You have to read between the lines a bit if you're faced with light pollution. I still love it!
You are aware that Dobsonian telescopes have a mirror for light gathering, not a lens...
How portable does it have to be? Do you have a car?
The single most important ability of a telescope is light gathering. This is proportional to the square of the aperture. 8x8/6x6 = 4x4/3x3 = 16/9. The light gathering of an 8" scope is close to twice that of a 6" scope. EDIT: fixed format.
Galaxies seen through a telescope look nothing like photographs of them. Human night vision sucks and cameras perform much better.
The 6mm eyepiece in this kit is a Plossl. Short Plossls like this require you to jam your eye into the eyepiece to see anything. Only Plossls longer than 10mm are useful. I know, I have an 8mm Plossl from Televue - top quality - that I never use because it is so annoying. The 6mm 66° "gold line" is another design with better eye relief.
I'm in a city of one million. The nearest physical store is in a small town over an hour's drive away. They don't rely on walk-in trade: they're basically online. All Star Telescopes. I've bought Televue eyepieces from them, and Celestron binoculars. That's the way of it: the serious telescope market is basically online.
Once upon a time, the best short focal length eyepieces had crappy eye relief. You had to jam your eye into them to see anything. A Barlow let you use a medium focal length eyepiece more comfortably, and THAT was the main purpose of Barlows. Today better eyepieces are cheaper than good Barlows. Barlows are obsolete except in astrophotography.
Seeing Saturn is like my ambition to see the Southern Cross - I'm in Canada too - a simple little bucket item, but fulfilling my desire would take me on a great adventure. I'm sure a good telescope will take your Dad on one!
The software for go-to scopes is really, really primitive, and I don't find your problem surprising at all.
Very true!
Beautiful, I love the mount. The mount is an Explore Scientific Twilight I.
I'm very happy with it! Of course, it costs 3 times what a 6" Dob would cost, and has a limited field of view, but the upright image is less confusing - I never did get used to my old 114/900mm Newtonian - and it's awesome for planets and double stars, my main targets when light pollution makes most DSOs unlikely.
That's one thing: I live in a fairly dry climate, so I only occasionally have dew problems.
Yes, 25mm isn't much power for looking at planets. A 6mm 66° "gold line" eyepiece would work well with your scope. A generic one would cost maybe $20, or you can get an Orion Expanse for twice as much. I'm sure someone will chip in with more specifics.
The most expensive item for astrophotography is an equatorial mount capable of absurdly precise tracking. These *start* around twice your budget. But almost any telescope can take pictures of things that don't require time exposures, like the Moon and the planets. You can afford a scope that's good at it. Or you can get one that's really good for viewing those galaxies visually - say a 10" Dobsonian.
What's bugging you? Can't get it to work? Can't find anything?
Coordinates aren't precise enough. But I'm wondering if you have the scope in focus. I'd start looking at something distant - NOT the Sun - in daylight. Try looking at ordinary things before you try the more difficult night sky. And while you're at it, you should align your finder. Center an object - at least half a mile or one km away - in your main scope, then adjust your finder so it's pointing just the same way. Otherwise, it's hard to find anything besides the Moon.
I considered a 6" tabletop Dob to clear my own balcony railing. It certainly would have cost less. OP: I would have got a table or a crate for it. A tripod would not have worked as well.
No matter? Celestron's under $500 stuff is the worst garbage on the market! They should be ashamed!
I forgot to add that I'm happy with my Celestron binoculars. 8x56. But it's easier to make decent binoculars than telescopes.
Any telescope made in the USA will cost you several thousand dollars.
Expectations: humans eyesight is geared towards full colour and high resolution in daylight. You're using your eyes' best abilities when you look at pictures. Night vision is not that sensitive, is lower resolution, and barely perceives colour. This really hampers visual astronomy: in particular, galaxies and nebulae appear as grey fuzzy patches. It takes experience to see any detail at all.
M13 makes me wish for a computerized scope. My sky is Bortle 9, Hercules has no naked eye stars, and for two springs now I have searched hard for it. M13 is too dim for my finder, but not for my scope. I've spent a lot of time looking for Eta Herculis, the star nearest the cluster. I generally like my set-up - a Maksutov on a simple alt-az mount - but there are DSOs where push to would be handy.
OP: get Turn Left at Orion anyway. It's a great book! One of the beauties of push to is you don't have to use it all the time.
Looks around for all the people using 10" scopes for AP and listens to the crickets.
A book I love on just this topic is Turn Left at Orion. It's got detailed instructions with pictures on how to find things, ratings so you know which objects are most recommended, sketches of what they look like in small and bigger scopes, and background information.
I spent 3 times as much and got a 6" Maksutov on an alt-az mount. Fit my needs perfectly, but not everyone's.
This isn't just lipstick on a pig, this is cosmetic surgery on a pig!
I started with a telescope much like yours. I enjoyed it,though it's very limited by today's standards. I applaud your ambition to save up for a Dob. You can get nice views of the Moon, Saturn's rings are barely visible, and so are Jupiter's equatorial belts. Jupiter's moons are fun to watch! But DSOs are a problem.
8x42 binoculars are light, and you can see a fair bit with them. I know this from experience.
Bushnell Excursion, they were a gift. Pricier than what you're looking for, though.
You pointed the telescope backwards and that's half the problem. The focuser, what you called the eyepiece, it by the OPEN end that you point at the sky. My Dad made the same mistake, it's pretty common for people who aren't familiar with reflectors.
You're missing the counterweight. This weight is needed for balance; it goes on the rod the juts out below the mount in your picture.
I think you're approaching this from the wrong end. You know what your mode of space travel makes possible - something resembling the age of sail, so work out details that make that possible. Of course there will be scientific howlers, starting with FTL, but you can sketch out the basics of your system and then see if there are inaccuracies that can be avoided. What you've asked for in this post amounts to the most scientific FTL method, and of course there is none. One of my favourite authors is CJ Cherryh, and her focus is on making things feel real, so you buy into her jump drive. That's what you're after.
You're at latitude 55°. It doesn't get that dark anyway this time of year.
I find stars easier to focus on than the Moon. But that's just me, either will work.
That's cruel!
Isn't a 5mm eyepiece a lot of magnification for an SCT?
Right, I missed it.
Your description of using a go-to scope should be in a sticky! It's priceless!
Lol
With heavy light pollution you're easy targets are double stars and planets, and a good refractor is better for that than the same size reflector. But you can afford a much better reflector which will blow both out of the water. Fellow have you some very old-fashioned advice.
You can get an 8" Dobsonian that will keep you happy for years.
I got lucky: I'm at 51°N, and I found a planisphere for 51.5°N. London is about the same latitude as my part of Canada :)
I'm in a white zone - Bortle 9 - with a 6" scope. I get by. There's planets, plenty of double stars, and a few DSOs to see.
OP: I've had excellent service from All-star - they're just north of Calgary. Not sure if they sell Dobs, I've bought eyepieces and binoculars from them.
American anarchy! Canada has a national club.
There are so many people buying their first telescope right now that demand is very heavy. Plus trade with China, where all 8" Dobs are made, is problematic. I'd order whatever you think best, and then be prepared to wait.
How high above the horizon was Jupiter? That's critical.
No, planets are the worst possible thing to observe through a window.
I live in Canada also at 51°N. Jupiter gets a bit higher than 12°, but not much. But there are still good days and bad days, depending on air turbulence.
THE book for this purpose is Turn Left at Orion. Everything a beginner to intermediate DSO observer needs.
Photographs really, really don't tell you what something looks like through a telescope. They only tell you what things look like with a camera. Eyes - which see poorly in dim light - and cameras are that different.
100 pound telescopes.are more likely to end up as paperweights, they're just so frustrating to use.
I got Maks - as my third and fourth telescopes. When choosing my dream telescope, a full size Dob wouldn't do because I had to look over my balcony railing. I narrowed the choices to a 6" tabletop Dob, or a Mak on an alt-az mount. I chose the Mak because it was significantly better than a short Newtonian on planets and double stars, the easy objects with my heavy light pollution. Setup is nothing, since I keep the scope on display in my living room. But one thing about Maks: they need plenty of cooldown time. I take mine out on the balcony 1 1/2 hours before I intend to use it, and go do other things. The tabletop Dob would have had advantages. Smaller, lighter, less cool down, and cost 1/3 as much. But I was buying my dream telescope, and "too expensive" would have been something like a Televue APO.
You are forgetting about alt-az mounts on tripods.
6" Mak from Orion - $600 - on a $200 Explore Scientific Twilight I mount. The scope came with absolutely no accessories, so that was another $200 not counting eyepieces.
I could certainly do that. It still wouldn't be connected to SkySafari, though.
Light pollution isn't an issue for planets and double stars. Hard to see much else with serious light pollution, I know. Saturn is best seen right now around 3 am. It will soon be up earlier, about an hour every two weeks.
OP: I really recommend one of the 5" tabletops, because a kid her age would love a scope she can set up on her own. A bigger scope would require adult help.
I have Android anyway. Thanks! I think I'll use SkySafari for my journal and keep a sketchbook.
I don't think filters would be helpful for such a small telescope. You have limited light gathering, and all filters screen out some of it. Even a moon filter wouldn't be needed - I didn't miss having one for my 102mm.
I've been in this hobby for 50 years. Huge changes in this time. First and foremost, telescopes are far more affordable. Optics are dirt cheap, and Dobs are no longer just the brainchild of John Dobson. My first telescope cost $70, in 1970, a 60mm refractor on an alt-az mount. Adjusted for inflation, that's the price of a 6" Dob today, vastly, vastly superior. Eyepieces have been revolutionized. Back then, Plossls were state of the art. The long eye relief wide angle eyepieces were all invented later, both the expensive and cheap ones. And NASA made a huge effort to develop a computer small enough to fit in a space capsule...
Basically, light pollution filters only work against the orange street lights that most cities are phasing out.
I like it! I will say it's a bit much contrast - the cloud bands of Jupiter are pretty subtle. But it's an attractive view.
I'm envious of you! I'm in inner city Calgary with Bortle 9 skies, and I've tried hard to find M13. I get lost in the maze that is Hercules :(
I'm at 51° too, in Canada. I've had some pretty good views of Jupiter this year, but it's essential to wait until the planet is as high as it gets.
It's incredible that those things are still sold!
Your *home* is Bortle 5? My parents' country place is Bortle 5 - and I want to go there to get away from light pollution!
I saw the Andromeda Galaxy two nights ago with a 6" Maksutov. I've seen it in a 4" Maksutov, all in Bortle 9 skies (severe inner city light pollution). It's very bright for a galaxy, and big, but under these conditions it looks like a fair-sized dim round blob - I can only see the brightest part of the core.
Turn Left at Orion was written for people like you who don't know what's worth looking at - it says in the preface. DSOs are sorted by season, given ratings, and you have extensive help with where to find things, what they look like, and background information. I have loads of experience but it's changed the game for me.
Kinda like playing hockey with a basketball.
You do realize that doing astrophotography with a Dob is a lot like playing golf with a basketball. At least with DSOs. You can take great Moon pictures, and OK pictures of the planets - with difficulty - but not much else.
Heads up: the three planets that show interesting detail are only visible after midnight right now. This will change soon.
Can't be done.
I have both books and I've found Turn Left at Orion vastly more helpful than Nightwatch.
A 6mm eyepiece - as long as it's not an old-fashioned design like a Plossl - would be just the thing for viewing planets and close double stars. Not DSOs except for a few of the small ones like planetary nebulae.
Your telescope is much better for planets than any refractor in the same price range, anyway. A wide field of view is a bonus, especially for DSOs, so I'd shop for eyepieces with that in mind.
They don't use Dobs. They use smaller scopes on heavy duty equatorial mounts that can track with absolute precision. Mounts like this cost over $1000.
That's the original use of Barlows, because in the Bad Old Days short focal length eyepieces had horrible eye relief and fields of view. Now that we have better eyepieces - some available cheaply - we don't need Barlows.
Often refractors.
Note: many computerized scopes with go-to capacity CANNOT be aimed manually, so they won't do for your other uses.
For deep sky - visual not photographic - you need as much aperture as possible and a little refractor won't cut it. Also, Netherlands has horrible light pollution and I hope you aren't disappointed!
No ice cap. By far side I meant further than the Sun.
I started with a similar scope, back in the 1970s. Mine didn't come with a 20mm eyepiece, and I ordered one - the others gave impossibly narrow fields of view. It ended up being the only eyepiece I used. I'm sure you'll be using your 20mm 90% of the time.
Orion replaced the main dust cover for my telescope, and Orion doesn't have the reputation of being reasonable about that sort of thing. I'd get in touch with Celestron.
The basic problem with astrophotography is the, except for bright things like the Moon and the planets, you're taking a time exposure of a moving target. This requires not only an equatorial mount, but a rock solid equatorial mount. These are quite a bit more expensive than telescopes.
A right angle correct image finder also has you looking down at the telescope, not along it in an often awkward direction. Some people find this confusing; I love mine. By far the easiest galaxy to see is M31 in Andromeda. All you see with light pollution is the very core, but it's a core that's over 2 million light years away! It's visible now around 2 am and later. EDIT: if you're south of the equator, the Magellanic Clouds are bright, nearby galaxies.
You need a very solid.- much better than you can afford - mount to do time exposures. But Jupiter and Saturn are bright and don't need time exposures - any decent mount will do. Meanwhile for viewing DSOs, lots of aperture helps a LOT.
It's a lovely living room ornament.
Wondering what this fever is... I've been happy with my 6" Mak for quite some time now.
I bought the biggest scope that would work for me. I'd have a hard time lifting an 8" scope on a tripod mount without taking it apart, and a Dob wouldn't work well on a balcony. EDIT: at the time I had discovered that my 4" Mak had spherical aberration, and I was ready to upgrade.
I agree with everything, but I think OP could use a decent 4mm eyepiece as well for planets. I don't know what the good bargain designs are for that, my experience is with long focal length scopes that would over magnify if used with such a short eyepiece. I have a 6" scope and use 200x routinely.
Which Dob do you have? Hard to make recommendations without knowing what eyepieces you already have.
I'm sorry, 4 is too young for a telescope. Wait a couple of years.
Celestron made their reputation on high end SCTs. Everything they sell under $500 is garbage. Some of it revolting garbage that should not be on the market.
What's the focal ratio? Maks aren't much good for AP because they're slow.
I have the 9mm and the 15mm. They are very good and certainly beat Plossls. I don't have a 6mm because that's too short for my Maksutovs.
I've seen gold line eyepiece kits. Would you recommend one?
This is the view from the balcony where I do all my stargazing. My neighbours installed a massive security light several years ago, and I've been too shy to complain. Before, I could see magnitude 3 Gamma UMi, now I can barely see Polaris. I've looked up the bylaw, and bright lights aren't supposed to impact neighbouring residences, and they should be shielded so they only shine downward. This is completely unshielded! I hate the bother of complaining, and I don't know how much good it will do, but I think I have to try.
My own building has lights that are just as bad, but have motion sensors. 8 minutes without motion and they turn off. It can be annoying, but it's certainly better than the present situation with the building north of me. It's a compromise I'd accept.
A letter could work! I think I have good writing skills. I'm just afraid a letter won't get action - but I'm afraid going in person wouldn't get results, either. And a letter fits with social distancing.
Lol!!
Which days depends on the weather, so that won't work. But I'll try not to be confrontational. One reason why I've decided to write them.
Also, human night vision is low resolution, so you won't see the details you're used to s seeing.
I was amazed to see a dark spot on Mars the other night that turned out to be Syrtis Major. Mars is so tiny and far away right now and conditions were bad. It's really difficult!
Bright stars twinkle more noticeably. You should look at Sirius at a better time of year - it twinkles like mad! And at my latitude, it's never far from the horizon.
One fundamental premise of Einstein's theory of relativity is that the speed of light will be measured to be constant in pretty much all circumstances. This means that everything else - mass, distances, time - is affected by your velocity. In order to avoid the sort of paradox you've brought up.
A limitation of binoculars is that they suck looking at planets. Big binoculars like you're buying are good for most things, but require a tripod, so they take up more space than a tabletop Dob. This is really a question for /r/telescopes - you'd get a lot of help there.
I'll suggest it.
OK, I didn't get the telescope out, but I did view the city with 8x56 binoculars. The view was only slightly brighter. So I can see that aperture is largely balanced by magnification, because that's way more light gathering than my eyes are capable of.
I did the experiment. I can see a whole cityscape out my window, and aimed my telescope out the open window. This did the seeing no good, but I was concerned with the brightness of things. 150mm Orion Maksutov, 2" Orion Q70 38mm eyepiece. 47.4x, my lowest, 3.2mm exit pupil. First time I'd used the 38mm on the city. The top of the Calgary Tower fit comfortably in my field of view. I wasn't sure whether it was brighter. Not much, anyway. A cloud looked the same. A townhouse a block from me was roughly the same brightness as naked eye. I give up! The telescope view is much clearer, but things aren't substantially brighter. For me, it's a bit of a paradox, but one I can live with.
You first find the area where it is with your finder. The view may or may not be inverted, depending on your finder. A much easier target is Epsilon Lyrae, the Double Double. Very close to Vega, just east of it. A finderscope will show you a double star: with your 6mm eyepiece you'll be able, if conditions are good, to see that it's really a pair of double stars. 4 stars in all.
Basketball and ice hockey!
Telrads are less useful with light pollution, so it depends.
Great!
I have both a 9mm Expanse (gold line), and an 8.8mm ES 82°. It's a fairly small improvement: the 9mm is pretty decent anyway.
There's a beginner's book by Terence Dickinson, author of Nightwatch, that I gave to my brother. It's won an award as a kid's book. Damn if I can remember the name, but it should be easy to look up.
OP: before you clean your scope, ask here how to do it. Telescope mirrors are really fragile and need special techniques.
Sure! Depends on your light pollution. I can't see it from my home with 8x56 binoculars, but I live downtown. Out in the country it's obvious, and I've seen M33, a far fainter galaxy, with 7x50 binoculars. I'm sure it's visible from the suburbs, but you won't see more than a big fuzzy blob.
It pains me to say this, as an Orion customer, but Orion sells their scopes with bare bones minimal accessories. You'd do well to spend a few more dollars and get a much better deal.
Exploring the Night Sky. Suitable for 12 year olds, I'd say. I think your older kids might enjoy it. My brother, btw, is 60.
I can't believe you'd get enough precision to replace your finder. But good luck with it!
Yes, an 8x 50 finder is 8 magnification just like binoculars. You'll see a patch of sky about 5 degrees across, which is a very large area compared to the main scope. Go-to telescopes in general will get you into finder view of something, anyway.
Well, if you go outside you can see them with your naked eye - or did you want something more?
The lockdown was a huge impetus for people to get into amateur astronomy. Telescopes are sold out all over the world, and, since nearly everything is made in China, that's another bottleneck.
You can do beginner level planetary imaging with almost any scope. But you need a scope because planets are tiny.
I have special Q-tips that came with my Orion lens cleaning kit. But I'm pretty sure they bought the ones intended for ears ;)
I can't focus further than 3 inches without my glasses, but I take them off to use my telescope. I DO have astigmatism also, which is a factor, but it only affects my low magnification view. Stars aren't quite points at 47x, but it's not bad enough to bother me.
Two words: motor vehicle.
Just say you want to wait and see Mars at its best! Seriously, your night sounds pretty familiar.
The Andromeda Galaxy is visible if you're up around 3 am. It looks like a big grey smudge, though, I have to warn you!
Combining AP and visual: "What sort of ball do I need for golf and ice hockey?"
120x is the minimum to see anything on Mars. 200x is better: I'll second the recommendation for a 6mm 66° eyepiece. Cheaper than a good Barlow.
Since there's a mad rush on right now to buy telescopes, predicting which will be out of stock is like shooting down a live bee.
You've been looking at 90mm scopes. Light collecting ability, the best measure of a telescope's power, is proportional to the area of the main lens or mirror. A 6" - 150mm - scope has 150^2:/ 90^2 = 25/9 = 2.78 times the light gathering ability. It's a no brainer.
I'd go with the Zhummel. Even if you're cool with electronic stuff, it's a lot of extra work. And Dobs can be taken apart in two pieces to carry. I dunno, I just see this place hopping like Christmas is coming up :)
Orion's Dobs are bare bones versions. The optical quality is as good as any, but they have the cheapest possible add ons. The Apertura and Zhumell scopes others have recommended are great deals for not much extra $$.
I agree, Turn Left at Orion is wonderful, especially if you want to look beyond the Solar System. My phone app is SkySafari. Looking up where the planets are or will be is very easy with this sort of software.
Not quite. Saturn, Mercury, and often Mars are dimmer than some stars. But they're easy to identify. Saturn in particular is easy to mistake for a star, but it twinkles far less.
A 12" won't fit in a most cars: they're huge! 8" is adequate for nearly everything.
Gusto, they'll have no clue what the sticky is for unless they read it. OP, you've got just the cash to get a 6" Dob that will outperform any other beginner telescope. If you want something more portable, 5" tabletop Dobs are also very good.
The whole telescope market is pretty much online, and was long before Covid. I'm in a Canadian city of one million. The nearest telescope store is over an hour north of the city, out where rents are cheap and people are few. I don't expect they get a lot of walk-in business. But that's who I order Televue eyepieces from.
You're making me feel silly for buying my gold lines from Orion. Even overpriced I got good value.
I've bought a lot of stuff directly from Orion in California. I have a 9x50 finder on order from them at the moment - I'm upgrading my 4" scope.
I have a good alt-az mount suitable for a refractor: it cost me CAD $300. Mounts cost as much as telescopes unless you get a Dobsonian mount.
OP has a separate budget for the mount.
I can't even see the Pleiades but that doesn't stop me. The Pleiades is wonderful in a telescope, even with light pollution! Planets are fine to see. I like double stars, and they aren't much affected by light pollution. So there's a few things to see!
What about importing? I'm in Canada and bought my scope directly from Orion in the States.
