Don't pull the thang out, unless you plan up bang.
Ah yes, the "Mark Ruffalo as Santa Claus" look.
Thumbnail looks like a guy getting a lap dance from a woman in an orange plaid skirt.
Step one, put the ring in the box.
I saw someone buy $50 worth of cocaine and then proceed to do it all in one line. Not sure how he didn't vomit all over.
Make sure to equip yourself with something that gives you double grenades or increased ability charging. I'm a fan of Titan hammer bro with simmering flames and incendiary grenades, or Hunter with Shinobu's Vow and double skip nades.
Is there a filter on this photo?
Get out of here, bum.
Every kind of pup is adorable, but man do I love goldens the best.
Do you eat two cookies? Or do you eat em by the sleeve?
A Boy and his Blob.
Good job police. I'm sure the city prosecutor will be thrilled with a case they have no chance of winning.
Get up 10 minutes earlier than you normally would to make sure your car is clear. Even running it with the fan on full blast on defrost, and the rear defroster on will clear everything in about 10-15 minutes.
Yeah, make them all wear arm bands and patches so everyone knows who to hate. /s
Red wine pot roast, served with garlic red mashed potatoes, and crusty bread.
Have you done all of the adventures?
I want him to go back and do the soundtrack to the original Pink Panther movie with Peter Sellers.
Lying about small things.
From Uncle Pete?
Winter comes and the camera zooms back to reveal that everything was in a snow globe, that the entire series was in the mind of a little boy.
Psalms are sweaty,.
Don't forget about NBC, who actually ordered a second pilot episode after the first pilot episode, "The Cage," was a complete failure. If NBC hadn't done that, Star Trek also would not have been possible.
It depends on where you're from. If you're not from the US, then you may have the option of putting a period inside or outside quotations. Within the US, the standard is to put the period within quotations unless you're citing something and a parenthetical citation is needed.
I should probably watch this movie.
"Who is I dumped a load in totally not my sister?"
So you're saying that both NBC and Lucille Ball had something to do with Star Trek?
Diamond Pointe apartments on lyndale and 61st. One bedroom apartment with a deck should be under $800.
So the way to get in shape is to have your mom and your alcoholic father move in with you? Yeah I'm ok with early death due to being a slob at life.
If there's a sequel, it should take place between the first two films.
If I lived in one of those towns, I'd build a Little Library and stock it full of banned books.
I'll always know him as Benedict from Last Action Hero.
The pastor was the most reasonable person during the book burning.
That opening scene from Drive was perfection.
I want to see this kangaroo vs Roy Jones Jr.
The Vatican has had a strong science department for a long time.
Wash it off in hot, soapy water. In fact, wash the whole pan before using it.
Goldens are so awesome
My wife and I lucked out on our two cats. They've never overeaten, and we've always been able to free feed them. I don't know if I could handle a cat that couldn't control its eating habits.
Mechanical Reason I No Longer Have A Hand.
As a guy, timing your toilet flush so it begins before you're done peeing, but finishes right as your bladder is empty.
How would you like your eggs cooked? Shady side visible.
Are you positive?
What
My house, my rules.
And here we are, talking about how good looking a 15 year old child is. Amazing.
Did I say the word "sexy?" That's you imparting your own view of the conversation, man.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTPZmj2lX90](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTPZmj2lX90)
It isn't? Everyone I know has seen it, with at least half of us getting it, even though we were not brought upon this world to "get it."
In the future, we'll have cookbooks with such time honored recipes as "Grilled Cheese Bombs" and "Better Than Crack Cocaine Cheesecake."
There was a guy who wore his at the community college I attended in 2005. Every day.
That waiter was a fireman in NYC, and on 9/11...
And then they drove it down too far.
!redditgarlic
Passions is cocaine. Family is hookers.
I can't hear this song without thinking about the ending to "Mermaids," the movie with Cher and Winona Ryder.
Go into my basement, overturn the couch, and hide under it.
Pepperage?
Dat left forearm.
That looks like a college aged Karl Urban.
Lol the saints had to come back on for the PAST. Dude was still putting on his jersey.
It's the defense equivalent of running before you catch the ball.
Is it usurping the Favre to Lewis play?
Not only that but he picked his own guy off as well, the only other player who could have stopped Diggs.
You can get a replacement one pretty easily.
When your crew gets tired.
Electrocute is a portmanteau of electricity and execute. So yes, electrocution means death by electricity.
I've always loved the premise that these two guys are part of a frisbee subculture where participants challenge each other in broad daylight.
We need ta get dem bombaclot tie fighters, boyee!
strong desire
It split the rider's shirt in twain!
I know what the explanations are, both from Williams and from the team, but it really looked like he was trying to land a highlight reel hit. There's no other reason I can think of for a safety, the last line of defense, to go for a play like that. It looked like he mistimed the hit.
What is a dream?
They're both the same in that I probably wouldn't eat either one.
I always get shit from my friends when I say that Ant-Man is my favorite MCU film.
Overdosing doesn't necessarily mean you're going to die.
Not a big deal. As a parent, you're allowed to care about things other than your kid sometimes.
Is his name Galco?
I haven't touched the game in a week. This is coming from someone who logged thousands of hours in D1. It's just not fun anymore, especially as a solo player.
Go to a Chinese sperm bank. They have dick sucking machines.
Mr. Birther now wants limits on Presidential criticism?
You might want to get your empathy chip reevaluated.
Luna with SureShot, RB, and RF.
Has to be Shep.
She's not sorry she did it; she's sorry if it offended anyone.
She posted the videos to her social media accounts. It ceased being private at that point.
They are afforded due process.
NO. I'VE BEEN BURNED ENOUGH TIMES. NOT AGAIN.
I'm just glad I have a friend in the diamond business.
I'm not sure where my friend, Tom Shane of Shane Company, buys them.
I just want to make sure that you know I'm kidding, and that I'm lampooning the actual Shane Company ad.
I bought an Edison stole bulb from Target about 18 months ago. It it's our outdoor front door light, and I haven't turned it off ever. It still shines today. Maybe your explanation is the reason?
Did he scuba dive? Otherwise, what's this all been for?
[I see Russ from Friends.](https://i.imgur.com/PK9c7oW.jpg)
I grew up watching Friends. It started in 1994 when I was 14, and the final season ended in 2004. A lot of things happened during those years in real life, and that show was there through it all. The final scene where all six characters gather one last time in Monica's apartment is just so perfect. From Chandler cracking a joke for the last words, to the camera panning across the apartment and stopping at the iconic purple door, everything was very emotional for me.
The soundtrack for the director's cut is inferior.
You're on a draw, Mike?
Someone's pushing down too hard when it's being sharpened. The weight of the knife should do all the work.
His hand needed to visit /r/destinythegame.
Ouija
I'm just joking kind of, I'm on that subreddit a lot.
Ask for it to be moved. If there are no other open seats, just turn around and start sitting down.
I was at a bar with some friends quite a few years ago. In attendance was a friend of a friend. I ordered some fries and he ordered a burger that came with fries. Both dishes came at the same time. The guy proceeded to reach over and start eating my fries. I hadn't told anyone that they were for sharing. So I did the only rational thing. I reached over and grabbed some of his fries. The look on his face is something I will never forget.
Now tenderize a chicken breast with a superhero landing.
Jesus Christ just give them their food. I went to a bar once where the mustachioed, slicked haired, plaid wearing bartender spent 5 minutes chipping an ice cube for my Old Fashioned. After he put it in the glass, he sent another 30 seconds spinning it around with his finger. JUST GIVE ME MY FUCKING DRINK.
I can't believe how much shorter you are than your dad!
When your life is a bore, and your pie hits the floor...
I always hear about other countries reverse engineering our tech, but never the other way around. Are there examples of that?
Better than shitting in public milk.
Norm, what is your favorite story about a time when a guy cut his own cock off?
"How would I know how it feels to be the 45th president of the United States of America? Sir."
Just ask him if he likes Foreplay.
She is not and has never been the attorney general in Florida. Pam Bondi has been the attorney general since 2011.
And I love the change in the officer's tone as well. "Ahem, I'll, uh, ahem..."
Where did you get the idea that she's the attorney general?
Why run expensive re-election campaigns when you can get a lifetime appointment to better serve your emperor?
But my conservative friends all vowed to boycott Dick's! That should have worked!
Doesn't look hard at all. It actually looks really fun!
Wasn't this a Family Guy joke or something?
Archon Priest with void burn. Those stupid centurions would one hit you with their purple death balls.
I'm...pretty tired.
It should be yearly to be honest. A lot of things can go wrong very quickly when you get to that age.
Oh hai mark!
Looks like the President needs saving.
That sucks man. If you're looking for a place to move, Minneapolis has no shortage of good things :)
Seriously though, what's with the mini 4 second trailers for trailers these days? It's dumb.
Staring
[Have you tried a food bank or pantry?](https://www.foodbanknyc.org/get-help/)
Where was the 100% comment from? I can't find the source
Yamo bankrupt this organization.
I think some of them pass diseases to the babies.
Remember the kid at school who always had to have things his way, and only thought it was fair when he won?
Should have used the carpool lane.
I bet you he loves lesbians.
GANO WINS. (Yes I know that's not how you pronounce his name.)
$1.50 hot dog and soda combo?
A succulent Chinese math.
If I remember the fight correctly, Pacquiao had been badgering Hatton all night with the right jab. So during this sequence, Pacquiao flashed a right jab to bait Hatton into sliding left for a counter-punch. But Manny unleashed the left hook which Ricky never saw coming. It's similar to the Canelo/Kahn fight where Canelo spent much of the fight setting up a pattern, then destroying Khan by mixing up his pattern.
Nobody. Nobody does it better.
Dude in the middle is watching two TVs at once.
The funny part is that, constitutionally, everyone on US soil is supposed to get due process.
Creed: BOBODDY
I love it when they call me Big Choppa.
Good for them. Raising $7M is a great achievement. I wonder what they'll do with all of that $6.5M?
You can't apply for asylum at US embassies or consulates. By law you must be present on United States soil. Embassies and consulates are not considered part of US territory. If you're in immediate danger then they can house you there temporarily but you'll need to vacate at some point. You might apply for refugee status, but you only get that if you have a personal reference from the the ambassador.
OHMYGODDONTPICKUPTHEGUN
Mr Rogers, Science Codger
You want some, fucko?
Or one hit kill Shredder.
Cook some garlic, rosemary, and shallot in olive oil on medium low to get the flavors into the oil, then use that oil in place of the bacon fat. It might make for a cleaner taste.
Ok I got to the part where the music became terrible remix of the Mortal Kombat movie theme song. Couldn't watch past that.
It makes cents to try this medium.
It's the rear part of the hip bone. If you put your hands on your hips, your fingers should land on your lower back and onto a broad bony area. It's called the iliac crest.
The worst was some lady started a Tumblr or something about cute babies. Guess what she called it?
Stacked Caprese Salad Ingredients: Ripe tomatoes Mozzarella balls Olive oil Balsamic vinegar Black salt Fresh basil Take a tomato and slice it into quarter inch slices. Do the same for the mozzarella. In a small bowl, whisk together 3 tablespoons of olive oil together with 2 tablespoons of balsamic vinegar until you get an even consistency. Take a handful of basil leaves and roll them up together like a cigar, then slice them width-wise to make basil strips. On a salad plate, put a mozzarella slice on the plate, then stack a tomato slice and sprinkle a little bit of black salt on it. Mozzarella slice, tomato slice, salt. Drizzle some of the dressing on it, then top with a good amount of basil. Serve with a knife and fork.
It blew my mind how well Janeane Garofalo performed as Colette.
Not really at all. Biden asked the baker to host a political event. Sanders wanted to dine. Unless I'm missing something, one is not like the other.
Omnigul's screech from Destiny 1.
Oh God, Tam Honks had better not have any scandals coming out.
I don't wanna grow up, cause if I did, the world is an uncaring place.
I occasionally dabble in Skeet Surfin'.
Is it a federal facility that they're protesting? If so, then it would be federal agents and not local PD.
So what happens when very few undesirable people get well paying jobs?
The fingerprint thing was a false rumor. It doesn't have to be a political thing. There are probably plenty of people teetering at the edge of madness, and this was the push they needed, you know?
Here's what it would sound like at my house: Ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding.
I was 20 years old when it happened. U was in an English class at the local community college when someone came in and told us the news. Class was immediately dismissed. I sat in my car for an hour listening to coverage. That afternoon I hung out at my friend's apartment at the University of Minnesota; a bunch of us were just shocked. That night I went to get gas and there was a line two blocks long. It was a clear line in my life. Things were different from that day on.
Can't do it on private property.
People get shit for drinking margaritas?
Because the professor wrote it and profits from its sale. The school does as well if they published it.
Must have been a Shelby Cobra.
A mantle of fruit flies
Pictures of small town winter scenes. So hot right now!
That's a dangerous place for his left hand.
"What's my name?" "Heisenberg." "You're God da... Wait a minute, wrong show asshole!"
It's easier because of who currently occupies the White House.
Are you sure it wasn't Rex Manning?
"Hey bruh, don't forget to pick up some lamb on the way home." "Bruh, did you get my last message?" "Oh shit, forgot you were doing the thing."
There's no way this can be bypassed. I mean, what are you going to do, pay a resident to use their address or something?
If it's debatable then there would be solid evidence in support of it.
Labs have the best facial expressions.
You can start on very hot, and then turn the heat down lower when you add butter or other flavors. With my cast iron I just turn the heat off and it stays warm enough.
He's one of the most powerful Marvel characters after all.
You wouldn't want those things to SHATTER INTO PIECES would you?
I'm not an NRA supporter, but they did tweet about the last case. [Link.](https://twitter.com/NRA/status/993594068327452672)
What about for a formal tux?
"How often do you get paid?" "Every other." "Every other week?" "Decade."
Fuck it. Everyone fails for the fool's follies.
I want to be part of that family.
My daughter does this, except she keeps going until I can't answer. Then she says, "Uh, I thought you were smarter than this."
He should probably just brush it off.
I didn't notice which sub this was, and I assumed it was another screenshot of the detail in Red Dead Redemption 2.
Papa Putin wants it
I was about to say "literally nobody thought that" but then I saw that at least 2300 people thought that.
Milkin' Bradley
Even defended the guy to an extent.
Sometimes it just ends. Naturally.
Man they are going to have a beautiful family.
That sniper level where you're crawling though the house getting picked off from across the way.
That's not graffiti.
The idiot got caught because he didn't change out of his neon colored jacket. What a goon.
Here's hoping he has a full recovery and is given an office job in the organization. Edit: ok should I have said I hope he makes a full recovery, goes back on the field and become completely paralyzed?
I want to see, see, see, indictments and bananas.
Wasn't he part of MK Ultra?
Weissman prosecuted Gambinos, Genoveses, and Colombos. There's a reason Trump singled him out during today's rage tweet session.
We'll see in January.
What's beyond "party over country?"
JJ Abrams looks astonished.
I don't see the problem with this. You have an entire about year to pay off the fees.
It wasn't the laughing. The judge had kicked her out for laughing, but the woman kept running her mouth outside the courtroom. She must have said something the judge didn't appreciate.
I wish I had "fuck you" money.
It's the Thanos snap of gaming.
It cums with soda.
Did someone eat your sandwich?
Fuck off, Marco. You're part of the problem.
Come look in the trash, there might still be some left.
How is it average if it's insanely quotable and made you and your brother laugh your asses off?
Beaver Boys, B-Beaver Boy.
I would also add that if you're playing on a fireteam, communicate and call out event positions and if you need help.
One of my all time favorite campaigns. Seeing those flares go up in DC was just awesome.
Thought it was going to be a CVS receipt.
Probably shrimp. And white wine.
I tell you hwat. I tell you hwat!
She looks like a 90s grunge band member who got lost in a time portal and ended up in 2018.
Wipe out my student loan debt and I'll run that ship for a couple of years. If anything I'd get a book deal.
I loved using shotguns with the slug ammo.
Didn't anyone drop some trophy systems?
Oh you're right! That didn't come out until later games.
So an electric eel is the apex.
[He needs to up his game to match this guy from SYTYCD.](https://youtu.be/BxfazApLMfs) His damn yarmulke flies off.
A bunch of my conservative friends posted the meeting, saying things like "Trump owned Pelosi and Schumer." Like really, what universe are we in?
You just said yourself that it was the work of one GOP senator, and the House passed it unanimously. So how can this one be tied to the whole party?
Literal laughingstock.
Modern scheduling.
I understand that. I'm just saying that in this one instance, it's a lone senator holding it up. Literally everyone else did what was right.
I can't not see Andy Serkis.
Donnie's been under the impression that since Cohen was doing the actual dirty work, Cohen would be the one to bear all responsibility. What a complete tool.
Entire Redditor collapses.
Looks like the threats were tracked to overseas IP addresses. Police think it was a scam to extort money.
Being alone means I don't have to explain everything to my wife. "What's going on?" "I don't know honey, but I think there's explosions in the sky because they're fireworks, and they're exploding over a castle because it's the damn Disney logo."
Is that the one where you can shower? Because not many things are more baller than that.
I just met him and I already love him.
Can she come and roast the Pohlads, owners of the Twins?
That was MTv in the late 90s and early 00s.
Well it's a cup...with dirt in it.
Did you stare at the yellow one? Because THE YELLOW ONE'S THE SUN!
A turd by any other name is still a turd.
Ah man fuck that episode even though I love it. An exercise in pure, unadulterated terror and fear.
Sweet. Do I get some cran-chops?
Fuck that. His entire legacy should be forgotten except as a cautionary lesson.
[Bonus picture. I was able to move my arm away without him noticing.](https://i.imgur.com/S6YJLkb.jpg)
Why not more?
Why cross illegally when you can do it legally? You can get over faster, don't have to do any paperwork. You're honestly telling me that there are no immigrants who "sneak" over? None at all? I know the majority are not like that, but to pretend that those people don't exist just isn't realistic.
I'm really curious as to how they are sure she's telling the truth. Which makes me wonder just how much Mueller knows, and if we'll ever be privy to all of it.
Very mammarable.
I can smell the fumes.
I'm pretty sure this is Snarf from Thundercats.
I know a proper bed would probably give you a better night's rest, but I want to sleep there.
Childcare and just overall quality of life goes up. I work between 40-50 hours a week. When I'm done with work I know I sound do chores, errands, and clean. But after a long day the only thing I want to do is veg out a bit.
Please tell me his name is Lieutenant Dan.
He wasn't going to fall for the old "your gun is actually a flashlight" gag again.
It's been a ruff year. After speaking with my staff, we're going to be increasing treat production and fetch time.
I honestly think Trump thought that becoming President would grant him powers to do whatever he wanted.
Do you have Amazon lockers in your area?
I, too, enjoy reading tacos.
/r/trashy
Why reason with your child when you can try to be macho to get likes on Facebook?
I'll preface by saying I'm a huge Mauer fan: Unless there's a runner on first. Then it's an inning ending double play.
Could that cat BE any cuter?!
I want that job.
So here's a bit of trivia that always surprises people: that commercial was directed by none other than Michael Bay. It was also the debut of the "Got Milk?" ad campaign.
Needs more pickles. Stat.
This is when you wonder if some politicians get insider info and this is all one giant manipulation for them to buy once stocks tank enough.
This should be animated. Each clip consists of a minute long intro, followed by 5 seconds of silent animation.
Probably the same corrupt fucks who build all of his projects.
I knew what was going to happen from round 2. Harrison was more efficient and did what judges like. Charlo connected on bigger shots but they were a lot less frequent.
He looks like Murr from Impractical Jokers.
Should have been off the lake way before this.
Looks like Caillou beat that cancer after all.
When I'm at home with just my wife and two kids, I try to make my farts as loud as possible. I'm 38.
Hosting a party. It's a chance for you to see all your friends from different friends groups, and everything will be really well planned. And then it devolves into a series of little disagreements, culminating in a 2 hour long rush prior to the party to get everything together. Oh look, another party where your place is kind of messy, dinner is frozen pizza, and the only booze is half a bottle of cheap brandy.
Ah yes, Ice Crash. I love watching the amateurs gear up in nothing but their old high school hockey gear.
Yes. They'll shut up real quick when I start paying off their debts.
At least being a Bulls fan means you have a history of success. I was 9 years old when the Timberwolves made their debut. Since then it's been a series of complete catastrophies, terrible draft choices, and glimpses of success.
No need to be Cleveland 2.0.
Or, you know, don't eat like an animal.
Sticky Jasmine rice. It's fragrant, it's delicate, and it's slightly sweet.
No, no, no. Psychopaths kill for no reason. I kill for money. It's a job. That didn't come out right.
The young one is named Galco.
Driving a luxury car.
Are you Billy Batson?
Isn't he on a reduced schedule this year? I think he may be on even less next season.
Little dude has a Chicago Bulls hat. Rad.
I'd put Mississippi in there as well.
I think I've seen this Blacked Raw scene.
So... Who's gonna be the first to invent cunnilingus ear protectors?
If only it was a tit.
Questionable baserunning by Meadows, but also a terrific throw by Buck.
Probably not considered recent enough (2003), but the Twins acquired Shannon Stewart from the Blue Jays for Bobby Kielty. Went on to have an incredible second half, coming up 4th in AL MVP voting.
MVP for me is Wes Johnson. He's been able to get our pitchers to throw with extra velocity and not lose control. Odorizzi in particular has really benefitted.
He'll probably end up shooting himself accidentally.
When you need to squeeze the last bit of pee from your peepee after peepeeing.
Everyone, meet Flap Jack!
Mmm, filters on the half shell
I was going for a Halloween snog.
Little. Yellow. Different.
Jack Burton would call him a Sing Ding.
NTA for now. Is there a reason why your wife wasn't included in this plan? Hiding things from your significant other hardly ever works out well.
They can inflate it because they stockpiled the hell out of them for a while
Jerry Meals wants to have a word.
/r/pranksgonewrong Edit: Oh shit, that's a real sub.
They're called Confederate Statues.
Is it a Frenchie?
Wonder Woman: Ragnarok
A fuckin penseel.
Right in the concussion!
I want to see him play beer league wiffle ball.
The search term "holding c-spine" is going to spike.
Maybe a set up for the future projects?
Minority Report gets more and more accurate every day, except it's AI and not precogs.
Both of my boy cats are that big. I've never known anything but cats that size, so I'm always surprised at how tiny other people's cats are.
Smart play. It keeps the bases loaded.
I'm really glad they didn't do a scene with all the black actors, like they did with all the female actors.
It's a sine of the times.
He also said they'd never done it before, so the risk was **supposed** to be minimal.
That's a lot of vaccine juice!
There should be a hashtag to call these guys out. #doyourjob, maybe?
Guaranteed they all love the cock.
Money and blackmail.
Nothing is wrong with it. I'm saying that, like a lot of other issues, people who push so hard against something often do it themselves. Chill out.
Tanzanian Massage and Diner
That's a whole lotta caviar.
Put some on someone's eyes while they're sleeping. What a fun way to wake up Grandpa!
"China Builds World's Largest Floating Prison"
Polls are worthless without action. I dread the false sense of security they can bring.
I live in Minneapolis and use US Internet. Gigabit service for $70 a month. No cap.
He's just learning to pull himself up by his boot straps.
Nuts to butts.
They look kinda of like the forest spirits in Spirited Away.
They look kinda of like the forest spirits in Spirited Away.
Now I want a dog crime show hosted by none other than McGruff.
If you drive over someone else's kid, it looks more like a pancake. If you drive over your own kid, it looks more like a pancake.
I love you, OH YEAH SNAP INTO A SLIM JIM!
Battle of Algiers is phenomenal.
Why didn't they call him Marty McFail?
Probably with a drill.
Gone are the days where this stuff didn't need to be codified so deeply. Gore didn't even hesitate to turn over info to the FBI. On the other hand, look where it got him.
Bromentum
Attack on Human
It's satisfying watching it a second time.
It creates kind of a cool effect for the really big moments
She's got the Pikachu surprised face
Those kinds of TVs were used as references for picture quality.
Worst "Earth, Wind, and Fire" cover band ever.
Dealing with customers at a retail job.
I always confuse Flea for Goldie for a few seconds.
A minetic poly-alloy.
Depends on whether people come out to vote.
My friends and I played GoldenEye all the time in high school. We got a signal splitter and 4 TV's. Then we made cardboard covers for the TV's that had cutouts only for your screen.
Surprising, girls didn't really dig it.
Cocaine.
I just wish Dick Bremer would have a better home run call. I suppose "Up, back, gone" is kind of ingrained by now.
I wonder how a fantasy team would fare if it was stocked with the entire current twins lineup.
All I know is that to me, You look like you're lots of suds
That's because the crash is just a plot device and not the focus of the movie. I would have been pissed if someone spoiled the actual story.
Send the screenshot to the rest of your family.
If he hasn't learned how to use a straw to eat his meals, now's a good time.
Not veto proof.
You've been downgraded from coach to sardine.
Does TMobile keep notes in their customer profiles?
Remember when Obama appointed a former industry exec to head up the FCC and we all thought it was a terrible idea but he ended up being awesome? Well that's not the case here. This adminstration's appointments are gross.
Depends on the time of day. Unless you're in Gary, IN.
[Be careful what you wish for.](https://m.imdb.com/title/tt8290478/?ref_=m_nm_knf_i3)
M, I, Double S, I, Double S, I, PPI
My in-laws use fox urine to keep deer away from their yard. They buy it in concentrated form and use a sprayer. You can smell it from a block away.
Wish there was a way for the mods to hide the gilding. Gave it away for me.
I had an argument with the cooks at an Indian restaurant the other day. I was thinking of a bread that I'd had at another place, and I kept telling them the wrong name. They got really frustrated and so did I. I finally took a menu and pointed to what I wanted and I finally noticed the correct name. I guess it was a naan issue after all.
They put it there so you know you can buy one and still get the same relative discount, instead of forcing you to buy 2.
At some point in my life, hardly anyone will recognize that line. Am sad.
I absolutely adore pups with black snouts like this.
Browneye
Maybe discount wasn't the right word. If you just say "2 for $5," people will think they have to buy two. Having the extra verbiage will cut down on people asking if they are required to buy 2. Personally, if I see that something is X number of items for Y amount of dollars, it means there is some kind of deal.
I'm 38. This kid looks older than me.
If I treated my kids this way I'd be going to jail.
Can't wait for the myriad Mysterio cosplays we'll be seeing soon.
Head-On, apply directly to the foreskin!
I feel threatened by that metal object in your hand.
So militias, who are ostensibly anti-government, are protecting government officials. Nice principles they got there.
Ah I see. Then in that case, that is correct.
That movie was a perfect 5/7.
Is that from Noozles? If so, that show had an amazing last episode.
No Safe Work For
How are electric vehicles for long trips? I haven't researched it at all. I'm scared of running out of juice on a road trip.
I wonder if they have goatse cheese spread.
You were 11 years old in 8th grade? Did you skip a grade or two?
A heroin addict's best friend.
Drake and Mallard
Him and John Cazale.
That's absolutely mind-blowing how fast that shockwave is traveling.
/r/pimpmyhotmomforkarma
This makes me happy.
Hock dock (hot dog) - my parents
[Final boss fight] Use &gt; Small potion &gt; qty 99
NTA. Those parents can get bent. They obviously planned on you doing it for them for free or on the cheap. You're charging barely over $11 an hour per kid.
It was going pretty well until my wife found out.
When I see that something I want is on sale, but I still don't have the funds.
Ah yes, the ending party sequence from American Pie 2 which was... Almost 18 years ago?!
Hard to call OPI when the corner doesn't turn his head at all.
I initially read this as you having to try so hard not to impregnate your wife on that play.
Granny is are the best.
I'm currently watching a documentary on Senator Joseph McCarthy. Oh man.
Jones: Remember to press *75 for cocaine. McCarthy: What? Jones:... What?
In a West End town a dead end world.
Get your ass in your car then.
They hit us, now we call it even. No more bloodshed. Please.
I haven't been to Lee's in a decade, but now's as good a time as any.
As opposed to living in the dark?
Ah yes, the Jon Lovitz phase.
Love Weiner's Circle.
That kid looks like what I imagine a child between Gisele Bundchen and Tom Brady would look like.
Giving off serious Hellboy vibes.
Until they all need to go to the bathroom. That's a lot of big turds.
I'm waiting for Girbaud and B.U.M. Equipment to come back.
Which final fantasy spell is this?
Oh thank God. I can't afford that either.
/r/fakealbumcovers
King can move any direction.
She could make a killing as a kids birthday party entertainer.
1. Learn how to budget. There are lots of apps that can help you. 2. Learn how to cook. Most of your meals should be homemade. Going out to eat should be viewed as a treat. 3. Don't buy a brand new, fancy car. Saddling yourself with a $400 car payment for 4 years will hold you back.
I didn't notice which sub I was in, and was about to comment about the resemblance.
A ball pit would have been a good idea.
Is Pizza Shuttle still around in Milwaukee?
Oh you're paying way too much for your pizza rolls, man. Who's your pizza roll guy?
What is this, a center for giant dog heads?
Fuck. You should still call the hospital finance department and work out a deal. They'd rather get paid something than nothing. Good luck, man.
Wait so are we for or against Daily Mail?
Try it on hardcore. Grenades everywhere.
I am the terror that flaps in the night!
MN fans: hey sign some starters! Twins FO: nah, let's just score 15 runs a game.
BANG BANG on the bin, baby. BANG BANG on the bin, baby. BANG BANG... You're WHAT?!
Kinda looks like a Fleshlight base...
Ruining your own day is one thing, but now he's fucked up a lot of people's days.
You'd watch people getting torn apart by gorillas?
Did the police cite you or detain you? If not then I'd highly doubt you have a record. Call the precinct tomorrow and ask them.
Am I the only one who wouldn't eat at a place like this?
That is the best dog name ever.
The GOP wants the election to be hacked. If it's compromised enough, it'll delay any election indefinitely until a solution can be found. Mark my words.
Stop calling it "free." It's not free. It's tax money that we have paid.
Or Pleasantville.
That bird is stupid as fuck.
Reagan was no saint.
Depends on the neighborhood and time of night.
Sue the school, sue the administrators, sue the bus company, sue the bus driver.
One thing that caught us off guard was the inclusion of a "facility fee." I found it to be like a restaurant charging you to eat there on top of the food.
It's usually a still frame from something that makes her look angry. It's just ridiculous.
And selling crack.
I never even considered getting a pet from a breeder. I just assumed everyone got their pets from a shelter.
Is that Bruce Buffer in the back?
[My friend, let me extol the virtues of Jean Luc Ponty.](https://youtu.be/r2XbRK6a2ew)
I don't understand why this isn't the default response. I mean I know is about shareholders, but still.
I had to have anesthetic shots into the bottom of my foot once to stitch up a gash. I still think about how painful that was. The initial puncture followed by a sensation like your entire foot is on fire. Ugh.
There were a few bloopers amongst the three movies where it looked like he hurt himself pretty badly.
This could be the basis for a sci-fi or horror plot.
Like the Schmidt family down the street.
26 fucking years ago. Jesus.
Even vegetables need care.
Tell me more, tell me more, did she put up a fight?
I have been working remotely from home for about 5 years now. I don't know if I could ever work in an office setting again.
So that's what billionaires used to do back in the day.
That looks like it might cost five, possibly six dollars to fix. Easily.
I had the privilege of seeing Tedeschi Trucks Band about a year ago. Hands down the best concert I've been to.
My wife and I were able to see them here in Minneapolis before Kofi Burbridge passed away.
That's not why he's in prison for 40-60 years. The sentence for the drug charges was completed in 2011. The firearms possession conviction is what sealed his date. He was already a 3 time convicted felon for drug related crimes. As it was his fourth felony conviction, the gun possession sentencing was significantly lengthened. This isn't to say that he shouldn't be released for a number of factors, but we should be honest in how we report things.
The judge has the sentences run concurrent, so there's no real borrowing of time in that instance.
Woof, that's a big puppy. His turds must be the size of Pillsbury dough cans.
Asbestos
The Cup Foods guy had already pledged that money, didn't he?
She's still a catch
All blood cells matter.
Cops in Italy: "You're gonna die... When you taste how good my grandma's recipe is."
Yeah, a generic apology.
No apologies should be accepted. None. They had their chance to rise up and be allies. Fuck them both.
The guy on the left looks responsible. Everyone seems to be looking at him.
If that was a black dude he'd have been taken to the ground, tased, pepper sprayed, and beaten.
His dad, George Romney, was governor of Michigan. He marched during the civil rights protests. I think it rubbed off on Mitt.
People are gross.
Do you know if the meat soaks up the smoke as well as when it’s raw?
Everyone looks happy in this photo. I miss presidential photos like this.
So what are the chances of surviving a stampede if you’re, I don’t know, out in the open on a side mission?
I rented that game when I was a kid. Huge Top Gun fan. That game was so freaking hard. Landing was the absolute worst.
It’s a Metroid.
My brother and I were able to do 3 consecutive runs (game got harder if you kept playing). It’s intense.
Seriously. They’re perfect dogs.
I love when other musicians are blown away by a soloist. Reminds me of the video where Derek Trucks plays a solo for BB King. John Mayer is on stage with them and just shakes his head at how good Derek is. This kid is going places.
He finally has a website. It’s really cool!
Are you looking to adopt a 39 year old? Because I am available.
One of the more obscure ones I’ve done is in Battletoads. On the first speed bike level if you hit jump exactly when you get on the bike, you fly up super high and it takes a long time to come back down. I forget if you can survive or if you fall into lava every time.
What’s with the flogger’s face??!
What kind of wood was used, balsa?
Black cats are my weakness. So cute.
Cheetahs are the biggest goofs. So cute.
One caramel macchiato please.
