It just hit me that I have been my pibble's human life partner for 7 of her 8 years now. I honestly don't recall life pre-pibble, but it probably involved more space on the bed and slightly fewer farts in the house.
Weird little spot in the middle of nowhere, but great back patio.
Send him $100 and Jeebus will show you.
I don't fit in economy seats in planes, unless I do some serious yoga moves to fold my body. I fly pretty much every week. In economy.
So I don't knock myself retarded and start asking people stupid questions.
Mayonnaise
I puked in a fishtank in front of the class.
Get a job?
I lean slightly left, but am very much for small government and oppose pretty much any social programs.
Dude, have you ever heard of knocking?
There are only 2 spiders with medically significant venom in the US: The brown recluse and the black widow. This obviously isn't one of those. Thus, if it isn't one of those two, there is zero danger for a human to pick it up. Granted, spiders are fragile, so picking them up isn't recommended.
The white supremacist logo on his hat is just adorable.
Aren't many Jews white?
Do you preface everything you say with, "As a libertarian...", in actual conversation, as well?
Does this mean we can finally implode the Trop?
To what end? Beaches? Hiking? Antiquing? BDSM in she swamp?
Cedar Key, Weeki Wachee, Bok Gardens, Winter Park, Gainesville, 50 zillion different springs, etc, etc, ad infinitum...
All 3 also have food without any flavor whatsoever.
I don't eat fish. Not gonna happen. Also, they can't even make a proper salsa, so not willing to delve much further into their menu.
Still insanely bland white people chow, but definitely better.
It's better deep in a swamp...
My pibble is also an experienced bar pibble. She has her own bowl at 3 bars now.
I must be missing something with all of the John Wick references. He is apparently a character in an action movie played by the dude from Bill and Teds. What does this have to do with pibbles?
It's the summer in FL. You were expecting it to not be hot for the next 5 months?
Ok, so it's a sunset on a beach. That happens each and every day of the year here. What's your point?
I've been to hundreds of breweries, and am a BJCP certified. Green Bench isn't even within my top 10 in the area, let alone nationwide. They have interesting ideas, but the the execution always falls completely flat, generally bordering on vile.
If you're too stupid/drunk to remember where you parked, you shouldn't be driving.
Rent in this area is 1/2 to 1/3 of what it is in major cities.
Sorry, kiddo. Tampa is insanely cheap. Not sure what you're doing wrong. God forbid you lived somewhere with a normal COL.
Are we talking empty patriotic platitudes or actually providing adequate healthcare and educational benefits for them?
My group is held to a far higher standard than others, as we're experienced and have a bad habit of being extremely competent.
I'm a middle-aged white guy with a graduate degree.
We don't have a much of a choice if we want to housed, fed, and have a modicum of modern healthcare available to us.
They're still a thing in FL, which was a surprise. We have entire groups of rollerbladers cruising the path along the beach.
I moved roughly 10 times for work and school in my 20s. It felt extremely normal to me after a couple of times.
Considering he's a 5'6 elderly man and I'm 40 years younger and twice his size, I figure I'd have a good shot and beating the shit out of him.
The Gwar cover of "Carry on Wayward Son" by Kansas.
Apology blowjob.
I find actually working helps immensely.
I don't particularly like being in bed and I don't use the internet outside of work, as it bores me.
I've lived in 5 countries now. I've never had an issue adapting.
It's the subtropics. We have metric fucktons of insects and spiders, deal with it. On the plus side, none of them are aggressive, and only the black widow is even moderately medically significant.
Travel continuously until I drop dead somewhere that isn't here.
Being alive.
Paying for the privilege of hanging out with sweaty assholes obsessed with fitness isn't my jam.
Are they gone yet?
They appeared to be doing still photos of something or other. My wife thinks it was a barbecue commercial, as they had them strategically placed through the park during the shoot. Either ways, the fuckers clogged up the street for hours and hogged the park. I hope they paid dearly for the privilege.
Like most places, the majority of the local breweries are mediocre, but are generally also fine places to hang out. In the area, the only breweries that really stand out for me are Coppertail (Tampa), 7venth Sun (Dunedin), and Angry Chair (Tampa). None of these are amazing, but they're all competent and have solid offerings. None of the St Pete breweries really do much for me.
Those are some creepy-ass looking stock photo humans.
Are they? No clue who either of them are, but they do look like stock photo white people.
Accept that it is what is is and deal with it. I work outside most days and just drink a lot of water and accept the fact that I'm always sweating.
Mayonnaise
Demand they back the fuck up. I'm not overly subtle.
Nope. It's boring.
Threesomes are awkward as hell, and someone will end up crying.
The watersnakes (Nerodia species) are non-venomous, albeit bitey and musky, and are completely unrelated to moccasins/cottonmouths (Agkistrodon piscivorous conanti), which are venomous, but are extremely chill. Racers can definitely swim.
Aside from my front yard, any of the regional brush sites have more palm fronds than you can possible handle.
Are you new here? Those happen pretty much every day during the wet season.
You'd get better answers on /r/StPetersburgFL/. The south side isn't great, but I wouldn't consider it particularly dangerous or scary, having lived in actually shitty neighborhoods in the past. Petty crime isn't overly uncommon, though. St Pete is very affordable, so you have a huge selection of good neighborhoods in which your shit likely won't get stolen.
I have twice, many years ago, thanks to not being careful reaching into a toolbox in a barn. I had mild flu-like symptoms the first time and just itchiness and localized pain the second time. I'm much more careful in my shop and my garage now, both of which have multiple widows hanging out and killing bugs for me.
I worked outside all day today. It's not a big deal. Just drink a shit-ton of water and accept the fact that FL is hot in the summer.
The rest of the civilized world? A shitty, rust-belt backwater like MI is obviously going to be cheap, as there are zero jobs and everyone is gone or in the process of leaving. Compared to any other areas with a somewhat functional economy, Tampa is dirt cheap.
Publix over Wegmans? Are you fucking insane?
Pibble nibbles/corncobbing
My pibble is nearly 9 and still plays like that. She hasn't yet gotten the message that she's middle-aged and should slow down a bit. It probably doesn't help that I haven't gotten that message either.
Most education funding has been shunted to defense and torturing children at the southern border.
I absolutely love tofu, but broccoli, fuck that shit.
I was in my 30s and on my 2nd marriage before YT became a thing.
I sent my buddy a can of Spam, a jar of generic mayonnaise, and a gigantic dildo for his 40th, but without a return address or card. He somehow knew it was me.
It's actually my nickname from roughly 30 years ago, so not a big deal at all.
Internationally, it's probably SIN. In the US, DCA is my favorite, as it was my longtime home airport and I know every inch of the place.
Don't. I have no qualms walking a customer who is a complete asshole.
Yeah, I'm likely the only vegan on the planet that hates broccoli with a passion. My wife goes through it by the bushel. Also, avocados. Blech.
Getting automotive advice from Vatozone is about as smart as getting health advice from your bartender.
Life with a pibble is great unless you enjoy a few seconds of alone time every now and again. If my pibble is with me, she's rarely more than 2' away.
Personally, I refuse to eat fast food, but I support the existence of as many vegan options as possible.
So, who moved up to first now? Trump? Bolsonaro? That blond orangutan from the UK?
My entire house has hardwood floors, but my pibble can always manage to appear out of nowhere roughly 6" behind me. We always have to warn people who visit to always check behind them, as, odds are, there is a pibble right there.
Do you know how hard they had to work to get knocked up by an E4?
You'd eventually become president.
No more so than usual.
Sit down. Place your head between your legs. Kiss your ass goodbye.
The Sucktastic 20s
They've already managed to dance while the Earth is turning, so they'll find a way.
Drink and sleep. I have back to back 10 hour flights on Sunday. In economy.
I do it 20x per year, so I'm used to it. My employer gives bonus days on either end for flying in economy and will get me into a far better hotel, so I've learned to live with it.
I'm in the same boat. My 31 year old F150 is on its second clutch in 540k miles. I did the last one 250k miles ago or so.
Spiny orbweaver. I probably have 15 of them in my yard, just south of you in St Pete. They spin some massive webs in short order.
I used to find it annoying, but when I travel for work, I can't sleep without a pibble jammed against me and breathing in my beard.
Get out into the mangroves on a kayak to see some monstrous orbweavers.
Meh, I'm in my mid-40s. No more weddings, mainly funerals these days.
40k salary, decent housing, and convenient to amenities? This is a troll post, yes?
Hopefully, my location information completely fucks the Google's algorithms, as work and personal travel has already had me on 4 continents this year.
Pibble nurse is best nurse. Is science.
My pibble does this for maybe 5 minutes, then she surgically excises the squeaker, the eyes, and the butthole of the toy. After that, she has no further interest. We have a pile of toys in the house missing these parts. My pibble is a weird fucking dog.
[There is no evidence that cropping ears has any health benefits whatsoever. It is solely a cruel cosmetic procedure](https://www.avma.org/about/ear-cropping-and-canine-otitis-externa.aspx/ear-cropping-and-canine-otitis-externa-faq)
My pibble requires temps above 65 and dry conditions to bother going outside.
Tongue my dumper, bot.
Uber is only $35ish each way. How cheap is cheap to you? Otherwise, parking is only $18 daily in the main garage and $10 in the exceedingly remote garage.
Were she not generally withing 2' of me at all times, I'd wonder. I can't go anywhere without a toy-toting pibble attached to me.
I lived in NC 15 years ago, and still have friends in the area whom I visit a couple of times a year. Asheville went from a moribund industrial city to a fun, but cheap post industrial city to a desolate hipster/retiree wasteland in 20 years. Basically, a smaller St Pete with decent scenery.
Pibble: It was the goddamned cat again. Human: We don't have a cat. Pibble: I know what I saw.
You're telling me that driving into Germany from France is going to result in a bigger difference in culture than driving from Kansas to Nebraska? I dunno, man...
I didn't think a /s was required, but apparently it was.
I'm an expat living in the US currently, but I've been spending a ton of time in various African countries for work. It's fun to see the blank looks when I tell people where I've been.
Junkyard tail-light and carry on. It's a 20+ year old car, so who gives a shit about battle scars? Signed, The driver of a 31 year old truck
Metric or imperial cunthair?
Some people just like to drink pus, hormones, and antibiotics...
A vegan who sometimes eats meat is like a virgin who occasionally enjoys a good fuck... It's a good start, but not vegan.
Do whales eat strawberries?
They must all come down here to FL, as I have 8 or 10 of these ladies in my back yard currently. Between them, the black widows, and the spiny orbweavers, I have roughly zero mosquitos in my yard.
Those tickets wouldn't have lasted a day.
Stick with one airline alliance, one hotel brand, and one rental car company. After you hit top status, they all treat you slightly less like shit.
My first marriage.
1-2 minutes, tops. The bathroom is the last place I want to spend more than a couple of minutes.
That's a tough one. My buddy's older brother got a tattoo rig when I was in high school, so I have a wide variety of shitty tattoos on my upper arms and thighs. I refuse to cover them up, though, as they are have been part of my life for 30 years.
I'll be goddamned if I'm going to show a tourist any of the few places that are still enjoyable around here. Fucking parasites...
I'm incapable of savoring anything. I just shovel food into my mouth at warp speed to get it over with.
Yep, it's something I have to endure a few times a day. Eating is about as enjoyable as taking a piss, possibly less.
Seeing a metal show at the Blue Note is glorious, as they are literally 5' away and beer is cheap. I saw Thou there a couple of months ago, and it was spectacular.
Far more than Crowbar. Parking is a cinch. There is roughly zero security. Zero Ybor dipshits. Everyone is there for the show and behaves. Also, a super tiny venue, which I appreciate. I somehow managed to see Thou 6 times last year between Tampa, New Orleans, and The Netherlands. It was a good year... If only we could occasionally get a metal show on the good side of the bay...
I'm spoiled, but am going back to Roadburn again next year. No Thou, but roughly 15 other metal bands I want/need to see again. &gt;Oddly enough, in my experience promoting shows here n there on reddit, st pete is far more responsive and interested than Tampa🤔🤷‍♂️ Because Tampa sucks donkey taint...
Also, the once every 5 years visit to Ikea.
Social media
I grew up bilingual in French and English, and then studied Spanish for 10+ years in school. Being fluent in multiple languages is a huge leg up for most careers. I've already spoken all 3 languages on the phone today.
Just because you don't understand my art doesn't mean it's not art.
My stereo shit the bed 15 years ago and I haven't gotten around to replacing it.
Last November. I'm definitely due for another one.
She started acting really weird when she found out I had been sleeping with her best friend.
Nope. I fucking detest hugs. A handshake will do, thanks.
I did the same. I loaded the shit out of my mutual funds and came out way ahead.
Break their favorite participation trophy.
Wo ist die toilette?
I find it pathetic when any adult, regardless of gender, is sensitive and cries. You're an adult. Suck it up, as no one else gives a flying fuck about your feels.
I nearly finished a 1,000 page book on a 16 hour flight from Joburg to DC.
Speak it as often as possible. Immersion works far better than any study. When I work with my South American colleagues, I insist we speak only Spanish.
Danke
Fine line. Black and grey only.
"Sorry I fingerbanged your little sister"
I smiled at someone on the street in the UK.
Myakka River has something like 40 miles of trails. Somewhat boring, but many miles.
I didn't move to a soulless hellhole to be cold. What the fuck?
I enjoy them and smoking keeps me from murdering stupid people.
I had never heard of it until I started going to sXe shows in the mid to late 80s.
To quote George Carlin- &gt;Pride should be reserved for something you achieve or obtain on your own, not something that happens by accident of birth. Being Irish isn't a skill... it's a fucking genetic accident. You wouldn't say I'm proud to be 5'11"; I'm proud to have a pre-disposition for colon cancer.
Willow Tree, way the hell up on 49th had some for a while. I believe I also saw some up at Wilcox, but that's a solid hour from here up in Larghetto.
If I don't respond to stares, my pibble then puts her head on my lap and grunts at me until she wins. They may be another phase after that, but I've never not succumbed to the grunts.
...and the lord did grin, and the Subaru did proceed into traffic at a speed approaching that of a glacier while displaying it's left blinker, as it did please the lord.
I always wait for the new hot-shit tech to buy one and then quit. I can usually buy their box and tools for pennies on the dollar.
Apparently, the damage caused from eating meat has rendered *you* too weak to fully type out the very taxing word *you*. Also, I haven't had nor craved meat in nearly 30 years.
She's almost 9, but can still decimate a toy in 2 minutes.
Meh, I've lived far better and far worse places. It's cheap, warm, and walkable, so it'll do for now.
Mmm, pitloaf. I'll take seconds please, with an extra helping of boops.
Incorrect. All space is personal pibble space.
My pibble dutifully sits by the bed at night and whines for me to lift her up. She can also clear a 4' fence with ease. Because pibble.
I presume I need to remove the Tyler in order to transport dead hookers?
I never kept an exact count, but probably 25-30? A lot of those were between my time with wife 1.0 and wife 2.0
French may have the best term for hangover- J'ai mal aux cheveux. Literally, my hair hurts.
Men under 6' Women under 5'6
I'm 6'3, so not gigantic by any means, but tallish. My VP is 6'11 and makes me look like a midget.
A lot of my colleagues are in New Zealand and the UK, so 0700 in GMT -5 is a pretty good time to get in touch with them.
That explains the traffic.
Read, work, talk to actual people, drink, work on my house, rebuild engines, masturbate, etc... I haven't had a TV since mine broke in 1994.
Driving a car with a standard transmission.
Sounds like a normal dating life, honestly.
Because we're old. We have disdain for pretty much everything. Now kindly get the fuck off my lawn.
Left side, because, umm, well, I guess that's where I've always slept.
The cruise control in my truck hasn't worked in 20 years, so that's a nope.
Had it not been way the fuck out in the boonies, I would've gone more than once.
This makes me want to pop the valve cover off my 550k mile F150 with a 300. I'm the 2nd owner, and my shop did all of the service from new, as I bought it from the original owner. As far as I know, it's never been off.
My pibble randomly gives me this look for no apparent reason, aside from the fact I think she finds my reaction amusing.
Every bar in St Pete is a dog bar. My pibble has probably been two a couple dozen of them. Dog Bar, unfortunately, tends to draw douchebags who don't bother to pay any attention to their dogs. Two visits were enough for us, despite living a few blocks away.
My FL pibble outright refused to go outside in 41 degree weather this morning.
Pretty much. I prefer to spend my money at other local bars, where my pibble is on a first name basis with everyone and the treats flow like, well, treats.
I could ask clarifying questions such as: What's your budget? What're your interests? Where is your job located? But, I'm more leaning towards, fuck you, use the fucking search function, as we get this question 20x per fucking week.
Super easy beer to find. Rally on 22nd, Rollin Goats, Total Wine, etc, etc...
Average high is 70. 55 is about as likely as 85.
I've seen quite a few passenger vehicles in the 500k mile range, inclusive of my F150, but over 600k is rare. The highest I've personally seen was an early 90s Dodge Caravan with a touch over 700k miles, and it looked like those were some rough miles.
We all got old and factory systems got light years better. Anyhow, now that everything is integrated in the vehicle, swapping out a headunit is a massive bitch anymore.
I had a kid get so nervous during the interview that he puked in my trashcan. I didn't hire him, for some reason.
On one hand, having everything you need within easy reach is great. On the other hand, being surrounded by other people is fucking terrible.
My happiness peaked around $150k. I obviously don't mind making more, but I've pretty much run out of things to buy, so I just keep investing it.
Don't care. Too busy pissing.
We already have more than enough homeless people here. Go annoy people in Orlando or something.
$50k to barely get by and not save a dime for retirement. $75k to have somewhat of a life. $100k to actually enjoy life a little bit.
Impressive. My shop services a couple of somewhat rural livery vehicles, and they can easily rack up 75-100k miles per year, but for personal use, this is damn impressive.
Someone needs to be fixed...
Be careful, champ. Me very sharp...
Largo? Racist? Really?
I actually hate all old people. Old here is relative, as I'm 45...
Lucky. My pibble sleeps on top of me, for the most part.
Incorrect. Some parts St Pete are tolerable. Tampa only exists to house a mediocre airport. The rest of the area is a fetid shitshow of elderly rednecks and meth addicts.
Parts of St Pete are tolerable. Otherwise, Tampa is a shithole with a decent airport, and the remainder of the metro is a fetid fuckhole full of rednecks, elderly rednecks, and meth addicts.
I'm familiar with that look. It's the 30 second warning that a pibble is going to be on your lap.
It's very nice of you to create a natural pibble habitat.
Chrysler and subprime loans?
Don or Aaron at Evil Don's both do fantastic work.
I take it you've never lived anywhere else?
I remember doing stereos in these in the early 90s. Every vehicle has one part around which the entire vehicle was built. In the Previa, it was the stereo. Unfortunately, all of the Previa fanboys knew one another, so I became known as the guy who could knock out a Previa install. That sucked balls.
A plastic box and a sunglass cleaning cloth?
The retarded cordless headphones worn by hipster douchebags?
I did probably 10 of them. Access for the 4 10mm bolts holding in the stereo bracket basically requires the dash to be removed. I've replaced heater cores with far less effort.
I'm glad you learned something today. Enjoy your gold star.
St Pete traffic isn't a big deal. Traffic only becomes a shitshow if you need to cross one of the bridges, particularly the Frankland. Otherwise, St Pete is probably your best bet, as Larghetto is a desolate hellhole. The commute won't be bad, as you have a ton of different surface streets from which to choose if things go sideways.
Hipster dive or scary committed alcoholic dive?
It's a Rogue. Why bother? Honestly, it's more likely the CVT is going to grenade long before the engine dies of oil starvation.
I'm on the road for two weeks, 10,000 miles from home, currently. Thus, my only pibble boops are via FaceTime.
Is it even possible to sleep with a pibble on the bed? I find it almost impossible to fall asleep when I travel, as I'm used to a snoring pibble noggin on my chest.
You did an amazing job creating a realistic pibble habitat.
Apparently just Tampa on fire currently. How disappointing...
Airplanes were designed for midgets.
I never had any to begin with.
You could get married.
It depends on the humidity. If it's extremely humid, around 35C/95F. If it's dry, anything over 45C/113F.
White women
The pandemic dying down and the riots tapering off would be a good start.
What's terrifying about death and ceasing to exist? There's no use in worrying about the inevitable. It may happen today or it may happen in 50 years. Who cares?
I just asked a coworker. He explained to me that he is but a heavy equipment mechanic and is not our savior. His shirt does say Jesus on it, so I figured it was worth asking.
I don't think I'd notice. I have no clue how much I have and couldn't be bothered to look.
My pibble pulls of the same smile when she meets new people. They either find it irresistible or utterly terrifying.
Also good vegan hot chicken in Tampa, of all places, at 3 Dot Dash. Even better, they're located inside a bottle shop.
Of course. She was vegetarian when we started dating almost 20 years ago, but went vegan, as it was more convenient for both of us. There is no way in hell I would have dated, let alone married someone who wasn't vegetarian at a minimum.
Fortunately, Triumphs only have roughly 6 electrical circuits. Also, please remember to pay your royalties to Lucas for each and every short circuit.
I'm ignoring it, mainly. Humans are, and have always been shitty, and there's nothing I nor anyone else can do about it.
I'm in the NLM camp. No lives matter.
Admit defeat and move on, like any functional adult would.
I'm going all in for Giant Meteor 2020.
Canada is next door.
I don't have a dog in this fight, and, even if I did, nothing is going to change, as the people in power will ensure that the status quo will remain as such indefinitely.
I was born there, but left 40ish years ago. If I didn't completely despise the cold, I'd move back.
&gt; Yeah I have to agree, been studying ancient cultures and all I learned is humans are dicks ~~sometimes~~ *always*. Fixed it for you...
I'm surprised you didn't try to sneak "legalize pot" in there.
Gandy is basically white trash boulevard on both sides of the bridge.
I could be wrong, but it looks like it would suck offroad. Hard pass.
This is one of those times that I'm glad my shop is a few miles beyond the middle of nowhere. Anyhow, there's a 99% chance the crazy old coot next door would show up on a quad with a shotgun if anyone even bothered to bang a u-turn in my parking lot.
Admittedly, I haven't been there, but judging from the couple of other Gandy establishments to which I've had the misfortune of visiting, it seemed a fair assumption. In terms of beer, their top shelf option is likely Yuengling or Heineken, neither of which are overly potable.
Come on down to FL. We have *nerodia clarkii* and *nerodia floridana* all over the place. I rarely don't see several of both during my kayak trips.
I never had an iota of faith in humanity to begin with.
Being pasty white during the winter.
I'm surly, brutally honest, and am not even remotely friendly.
I'm probably biased, but my being born was a very important event in my life.
Cake day?
Hmm, never noticed it before. I didn't add it, so I have no clue why it's there.
I long ago lost any faith that I may have once had in humanity, so I'm neither surprised nor bothered by what's going on. My goal is to live my life with as little negative impact on the planet and its inhabitants, human and otherwise.
As a curmudgeonly middle-aged white dude who is often at odds with the vast majority of this sub, anyone openly carrying a firearm is tantamount to a threat of violence.
White sneakers and jorts. This is peak white guy.
This doesn't explain as to where my 13mm migrated. I just used the motherfucker 10 minutes ago, and now it's gone.
I can't vouch for their regular tools, and I haven't bought any of their power tools since they were swallowed up by Stanley, but their new unibits are fucking legit. They rip through stainless like butter.
Mythical beast from south Jersey. One of the few beasts in Jersey not to wear a wife beater as formal wear.
That's the second time I've seen that today. The hell is cake day?
Hmm, I had no clue that was a thing. Kinda stupid, really.
Working on yellow iron has all of this plus 375% more grease.
I haven't eaten actual sausage in decades, so I can't really compare the two, but I found the Beyond sausage tasted super-processed and was exceptionally greasy. I guess that's what meat tastes like?
The fuck is Reddit?
Same shit, different day. This place has been fucked for a long time.
Loudness
Since there aren't any hills, headwinds are the only thing to make cycling moderately challenging around these parts. Well, except for not getting murdered by the shit drivers.
Looks like one of the fishing spiders from the *Dolomedes* family. Unfortunately, I don't have the taxonomic knowledge to further narrow it down. Either way, she's harmless to humans.
Padlocked harness around his neck.
I'm more of a sludge or doom kinda fella.
The US is going to be a desolate, burned out wasteland with markedly fewer people. Basically, it would look like Ohio.
Haven't listened to them much, honestly. I'm an old geezer, so I find myself listening to a lot of the older stuff from Crowbar, Neurosis, Melvins, and Eyehategod.
I've always liked Hangar 18 from Megadeth, despite hating the shit out of Megadeth for the past 35 years.
I've had at least 7 confirmed and have probably had many more. I was an avid skier and mountain biker who liked going as fast as possible, and have thus been involved in many a spectacular crash and have visited many an ER.
I probably have 30, but most have blended into one mega-tattoo. I've covered up all of the shitty late 80s work that I had.
Killing mammoths to provide for one's family.
1987ish? I saw that tour in Denver, IIRC.
My dumb ass did type family instead of genus, didn't I? Ugh, my brain annoys me...
I dunno, I pop chunks of tofu in my mouth whilst cooking. I fucking love the stuff, as does my dog.
My tofu press has done wonders for the past 25 years. I think it was $10.
Feels good, doesn't it? I'm 11 years in and would never go back to working for someone else.
Looks like a standard NY/NJ guido transplant that could be found puking in an alley in Ybor at 0300.
There isn't one. Next question.
Our pibble, who art on couch, rancid be his farts...
My pibble nearly got whacked by a diamondback last year. Since then, no more off-leash time in the woods, as we have too many snakes and gators around here.
Those would be some damn hairy nipples.
I imagined my insanely hairy nipples and threw up in my mouth a bit.
Exactly
I really liked the old Zimbabwean 100 trillion notes, which were worth roughly $1USD.
But, but, but we got a useless new pier and fancy new police station. Fuck, you people are ungrateful.
As a long-time mobile tech who spends a lot of time in hotel rooms of varying sucktitude, do not ever blacklight your room. Ever.
From artisanal, fair trade petroleum...
Are you sure it's not an enema?
A bunch of big, surly, hairy dudes muttering under their breaths about whatever small thing is currently pissing them off. On the plus side, everyone would be early for everything and would work long hours.
Even the most spicy spots on the body aren't particularly painful.
Trick question. All Oasis songs are complete shit.
I haven't dated since before the interwebs or texting was a thing, but I used to send postcards to my crushes/dating partners when I traveled around the world for work. It must've worked, as I've been married longer than most Redditors have been alive.
Damn near retired. Awwwwwwwwww yeah...
Every single person on this planet is easily replaceable.
I don't recognize anyone under 35 as human.
Almost a month after an ice storm. Thankfully, it was cold enough outside to keep all of our food in the mud room. We used wood for heat, so had no trouble there, either. It really wasn't that big of a deal.
What if some of us condemn both the protestors and the police/jackbooted stormtrooper fascists?
Absolutely. It's as least as effective as farting into a stiff breeze.
Nope, I am opposed to both the protestors and the police.
I stand for an unencumbered economy and unbridled globalism. I don't have time for petty nationalistic bullshit or fights in which I have no dog.
I care about everyone making money, so long as they work hard. The more people making good money the less social issues that will exist. Remove nationalism and government paternalism, and the remaining issues pretty much disappear.
I wouldn't exactly call it good, but they do have food. Their parking lot is huge, so it's a good place for my coworkers and I to swap vehicles between north and south FL.
Florida plus good schools? Really???
It's Florida. Try again.
If? He's already a chatty little bastard.
We moved here roughly 5 years ago from VA. Prior to that, there were roughly 8 other countries and 14 states. This is definitely not my favorite place, but is far from the worst place I've had the misfortune to call home. The weather is great and the COL is disturbingly low. Some hills would be nice, though.
I'm easy. I just want an older, diesel, triple-locked Landcruiser.
Dying alone in Nam.
Sex
Since getting married or getting laid? 17 years and good question.
Still works, somehow.
There are a million places I'd rather be, all of which have something we lack- topography and culture. Since my wife's career limits us to the US, we're somewhat limited for the next 10 years or so. Ideally, I'd give Atlanta, Nashville, or Reno a whirl for a couple of years, having spent a decent amount of time in all of them. I've done 3 stints in Denver, totaling 12ish years, and I really don't like what it's become. It's far to crowded and hipster, compared to what it was when I was in high school in the late 80s. Also, the weather blows.
It is what it is. It's comfortable and unexciting, but somehow pleasant. Maybe I just got old or something...
I've been through a dozen or so times. I can only speak for PreCheck, but I've never had it take me more than 10 minutes curb to gate. At least in terminal E. Unfortunately, there isn't much open in the terminals, so don't arrive too early and expect to grab a drink.
We have jackshit for vegan establishments here. If you want black-owned vegan, prepare to head for ATL. In the meantime, 3 Dot Dash is fucking delicious.
It's whitey owned. Super nice folks, though.
Can confirm. The woods surrounding our shop are fairly thick with snakes and I've never seen a rodent inside, despite the building being 90 years old and about as airtight as a convertible.
My pibble is like a sundial in our back yard. She moves to the sunniest spot every 45 minutes or so, and just lies there panting on her side.
It's very handy, as I can look out the window and determine the approximate time by her location. Once she gets to the banana trees, it's beer thirty.
Thankfully, I've never been hungry enough to lower myself to eating McD's. The smell wafting from the building is absolutely nauseating.
Honestly, the idea of sportsball teams being attached to educational institutions is ridiculous, anyhow. If kids want to play sports, they can play on club or intramural leagues that don't siphon money away from education.
Don't most fairytales end up with a gruesome death at the end?
Make your own. It's super cheap and takes maybe 10 minutes.
I had a GLA for a week, and it surprisingly didn't suck. It was quick, handled decently, and held a lot of luggage. The X2 is effectively the exact same thing. The Lincoln is tuned for the elderly, so, unless you're 75, you'll hate driving it.
Liberals just tend to hide their racism, unlike conservatives. They still don't want evil black or brown people in their cities, though.
Here's a pic of one found in NE- https://bugguide.net/node/view/743857
In her defense, you did wreck her home. It was decorated exactly the way she wanted, too.
Now that I'm on a higher res screen, I had a better look, and I think you might be right. I was going by the body and her enormous backend, but the resolution on my work laptop isn't the greatest in bright sunshine. *Tigrosa grandis*, perhaps?
Because they are still the party in power at the national level and in many of the states.
Not being reachable by phone unless I was at home or work was glorious.
Far more frequently than I'd like to. Preferably, I would never need to endure a hug again, but my wife is into that weird shit.
Neat. I actually played sportsball (err, baseball) on a scholarship in university, and I still think it's bullshit.
Most technicians are. That's why they keep us out of offices.
Nuke-you-lurr
I don't care. I turn it on, get wet, soap up, rinse, and am done within a minute.
We do. Shit, we were on the internet long before you were even swimming in your father's nutsack.
No matter where I go, particularly when traveling, I always bring a fuckton of food and snacks with me, as finding vegan options can be dicey.
Conversely, our Napa delivery guy has wrecked our toilet multiple times over the past decade. Not sure what the dude eats, but it doesn't sit well.
As a former resident of the Northern Neck and still a frequent visitor, you're definitely seeing one of the Nerodia species, as previous posters have mentioned. I used to see tons of them on the upper reaches of the Corrotoman. Tons of copperheads and timbers/canebrakes in the woods, but no cottonmouths.
While I have only seen one coral while tramping through the FL woods, I've seen quite a few diamondbacks, even in fairly suburban areas in Pinellas. My best spot for finding them is Myakka River SP down by Sarasota.
The Confederate flag is nothing but a save the date card for an incest wedding.
Stop buying any packaged or processed foods, and starting cooking for yourself. You'll be healthier and save a shit-tonne of money. We usually cook 3 times per week, but we make massive batches of something that can feed us lunch and dinner for a few days.
Dude shows up on time, brings our orders correctly, and is hilarious. Apparently, we're exactly the point on his route where his colon screams "GO TIME!!!".
When I was in high school, this was the car that the cool kids with mullets used to chase tail.
Eating meat to protect the environment is like fucking to protect virginity.
Refried beans at many Mexican restaurants often have lard in them.
Didn't we have a fairly substantial race riot, spurred by police brutality, only 20ish years ago?
For used LPs, it's pretty hard to beat the Bananas warehouse in St Pete. Both their flagship on 22nd and their warehouse on 16th go on pretty much indefinitely.
My shop is full of them. They're free pest control and don't bother anyone.
Low 50s. It was in the 40s when I was in good shape.
Aside from the sky-high crime, high unemployment, and frequent race riots, it was just peachy.
No matter what I'm doing, there is a 100% chance I'd prefer to be doing something else.
Murder all of the worthless obese people and use their lard to fuel power plants.
Slurpee margaritas made with the cheapest, rotgut tequila.
I am but a grumpy old mechanic that specializes in unfucking electrical and diagnostic bus issues.
I've been vegan for nearly 30 years and have had maybe 3 cavities during that time. Being vegan isn't your issue. Avoid soda and and all refined sugars at all costs.
Mine are generally partial to moths and crickets, although the one on my spring compressor has been catching some good-sized flies lately.
I went to a poor, exceptionally white trash school, so we didn't have the rich IROC and 5.0 kids. Fieros were the top of the heap, up there with duallies.
I'd prefer to live somewhere I don't need to constantly worry about getting shot.
If you were really a cheap bastard, you wouldn't be wasting your money on processed food from shitty multinational conglomerates.
While I'm not particularly worried about the virus, save for the economic damage, I have been avoiding bars/restaurants and anywhere that might have a crowd. Considering how many people, particularly the older ones, are sitting cheek to jowl at bars and restaurants, it appears that we can just let the virus run its course and thin the herd, which is what we should have done in the first place.
How is a 455 only making 11.3HP?
That's what I get for responding quickly on my phone as an oldster. Still malaise era crap, either way.
But have you ever used a 6mm?
Yay, more homeless people! By all means, park wherever and such...
Repurposed extension cords are a safer alternative, so long as one uses the incorrect size of wire nut.
I usually make 2-3 big batches of food per week and eat them for all 3 meals a day. I refuse to eat anything prepackaged or processed.
Why would one be proud to live anywhere? One should only be proud of actual accomplishments.
I do find spineless traitors offensive, honestly.
When I left for work this morning at 0430.
Only racists and pigeons are bothered with the statues being shitcanned.
After having suffered through a couple of weeks in Saudi Arabia on a business trip, I will never again travel to a country that bans alcohol.
Is there some huge furor in re taking them down? Considering he has yet to be proven a racist or a traitor, they aren't particularly offensive.
I've never really given a shit, either. I move often enough that I have zero stake in any community, so I shop by convenience and price.
&gt; you’ve turned him into a martyr I haven't done shit. I continue to go to work and then go home, as I don't have a dog in this fight. Honestly, I hate all memorials and monuments, so I don't care if they're all taken down.
They are a waste of valuable real estate. Anyhow, it's not like the dead give a shit what we do with their corpses.
Tampa. Definitely go to Tampa. Nothing for you on this side of the bay.
I've seen the rhyme incorrect twice in the last month in SW FL. Both were corals.
Holy fuckballs. For the first time in interwebs history, I actually agree with you.
What if we had spent this money on not dumping raw sewage into the bay? What if...
One of our good customers owns a local microbrewery. He is pretty much our favourite.
I can generally tell when I've accidentally consumed some dairy when my ass turns into a fiery cannon.
Bourbon and ice
Agreed. The second my body ceases to function in a manner I find acceptable, I'm munching a bullet. If I were otherwise disabled, a couple of close friends know what to do.
We have a longstanding agreement to do the needful if any of us become incapacitated. Additionally, I have a DNR and have DNR tattooed on my chest. Life is not worth living if one isn't 100% healthy and able.
Disagree 100%. I moved out at 18 and have never taken a dime from my parents since. One has to grow up at some point, and 18 is that time.
I worked a number of jobs to put myself through university: Bartender, mechanic, bike courier, stereo installer... It sucked, but it was 100% worth it to be completely independent. After I received my BS and my MS in engineering, life got much, much easier.
Can I just take her for a quick spin around the block?
Why would you need support? Just be you and give zero fucks about the opinion of others. You'll be much happier.
Rather than fixing the wastewater treatment issue that dumps billions of gallons of untreated sewage into the bay, our dumbfuck city government decided that the cops needed a gigantic palace and that we need a useless fucking pier for asshole tourists from NY.
Prepare for a miserable life of being fucked over, then.
The fuck are you talking about??? I haven't done shit to the link. A simple Google search shows the insane decrepitude of our wastewater treatment here.
I managed to leave the industry for 3 years, and then the Stockholm Syndrome reemerged, and I've been back at it for 5 years. Good luck staying away...
No thanks, I'd prefer not to look like a burly 9 year old.
It's almost like people have different interests... For me, the idea of spending more than a few days in the same place sounds deathly boring.
I live in the US now, but I've been making my own almond milk for 20+ years, including when I lived in the UK 15 years ago. All you need are raw almonds (soak overnight), a decent blender, and a nutmilk straining bag.
I don't have a cat, but the neighbour's cat has trained me to open the gate in my backyard to let him out, as he's too fat and lazy to climb over the fence twice.
I miss clean, uncomplicated interiors. Just the necessary gauges and an aux plug on the stereo and I'm happy. I believe I may be old or something...
It would probably be easier to list the streets that aren't dangerous for pedestrians or cyclists, all 4 or so of them.
Honestly, I'm not a huge fan of humans, and am, thus, apolitical.
I liked them as a kid, seeing them in the theatre, but watching them decades later was disappointing. I just figured they were meant to be children's movies.
Incorrect. Nothing is more annoying than stoners.
I eat as much vegan street food and fresh fruit/veggies as possible, and always ensure to wash it down with a ton of cheap local beer. I'm up to almost 100 countries, many of them in the developing world, and have never gotten sick. The only times I've had food poisoning in my life were in the US and Europe, and well before I was vegan.
ATL is loaded with vegans and has killer vegan doughnuts. Just get out and about.
Just here for the obligatory "That's what she said".
My 89 F150 has one.
My neighbor has one, and has owned it since new. It had 565k miles on it the last time I rode with him. Ugly, slow, and unkillable.
The squirrels keep eating mine before I can harvest them.
Super easy to grow in a warm climate, although they take forever. All of mine have been grown by taking the top off an old pineapple and just planting it. I also have bananas, limes, lemons, mangoes, and avocados in my backyard. All of these are constantly decimated by my squirrel buddies.
No snow, no frost, etc... Most tropical plants don't like temps below 10C/50F, even overnight. The citrus will handle down towards freezing for brief periods, though.
Almost 30 years of being vegan and 20 in the corporate world. I do what I have to to survive, mainly drink on someone else's dime.
A big driver of that is the lack of safe crossings. If a pedestrian needs to cross a major thoroughfare, and the next safe crossing is 1/2 a mile or more away, they're going to take the risk of playing human frogger, rather than walking a mile and probably 20 minutes out of their way.
Neem oil is an effective repellent and/or insecticide. It is naturally occurring and breaks down easily.
Interacting with other humans.
Fellow tightwad, old geezer of a vegan here and agree 100%. To this day, I can't bring myself to buy or eat processed or packaged food.
The guide is a bit dated, but most of the launches and routes are still good. [Pinellas Blueways](http://www.pinellascounty.org/blueways/pdf/BluewaysGuide.pdf) The GoPaddling app is also decent.
I am but a lowly late 80s sXe/Krishnacore kid who remembers going to Hare Krishna restaurants and doing dishes and peeling veggies to pay for dinner after shows. I still buy almost all of my food in bulk or grow it myself.
I prefer a polite wave and head nod.
I use humane traps indoors, and then relocate them to the local Republican Party HQ. The outside ones are generally snake fodder, as there are at least 2 very happy racers living under my house.
It's definitely a huntsman. We have tons of them in FL, although they are invasive. Completely harmless to humans and pets.
I do the same. The price difference between 80 and 72 is something like $100 per month, which isn't at all worth it for me. Anyhow, I work outside all day, so 80 feels like Antarctica to me by the end of the day.
It was very kind of you to build her a natural pibble habitat.
In my 69 CJ5, that involved removing the driver seat, and then lifting the little 10 gallon tank up off the floorpan.
I like dress codes. If a restaurant expects me to play dress up in order to eat, I know that I don't want to give them custom.
I guess I'm going to be hiring a new dispatcher.
About the same as I feel about the government pissing away my taxes on a zillion other useless programs.
A bunch of middle-aged men cosplaying in leather is totally not homo at all...
It is the sixth best country in which I've lived.
&gt; ok “neighbour” That's how it's spelt in much of the world, champ. Oh, and they are very often synonymous.
I can only speak to the Kaiser Willys, but the seat removal was 4 9/16s and the tank strap was 4 more. The post 1970 AMCs may have been worse, but I've never done a tank on one. There was nothing on that Jeep and the 225 under the hood that took more than a couple of hours and a few handtools to replace. Just watch out for the one waterpump bolt that is longer than the others, as it will pierce the water jacket on the adjacent cylinder if put into the wrong hole.
A quart is .06 hogsheads.
Probably 1-8-4-3-6-5-7-2, as it's a GM big block.
1. I give roughly zero fucks as to how others live if it doesn't adversely affect me 2. Nothing. I've been vegan for so long that I have zero recollection as to how non-vegan food. Anyhow, I'm far from a foodie, so I just go for whatever is the healthiest and quickest source of calories. 3. Being vegan is easy, with occasional inconveniences. 4. Former sXe kid 5. I don't recall it changing my life at all 6. I don't think about them at all 7. I never found it difficult, but apparently many people do.
I found some early 80s Japanese metal albums at the Bananas warehouse, so there's a possibility.
Or roughly 192 teaspoons.
I'm in my late 40s, and that's still my goal.
Yeah, my wife gets weird about that, as well. She;s still trying to figure out why we have an au pair, but no children.
I prefer "Be a fucking adult". Any adult, regardless of gender, who can't take care of themselves without assistance is fucking pathetic.
I prefer snare traps, although sometimes chloroform is more convenient.
My first marriage is right up there.
The one on 16th Ave N
Prepare to spend hours digging and to get extremely dusty. The people behind the counter are generally really helpful and knowledgeable. The one on 22nd has a back warehouse, as well, but I've never found much of anything good there.
Yes, I like all of those.
[Pinellas Blueways Guide](http://www.pinellascounty.org/blueways/pdf/BluewaysGuide.pdf) Slightly out of date, but has some good spots.
I was installing stereos 30 miles down the road at the time, and saw more than my fair share of those.
I'm trying to imagine how terrifyingly white trash a titty bar in Pasco would be, considering how terrible everything else is up there in the sticks.
If you add scars from bullet wounds and insane stretch marks, that would equal the club a client brought me to in rural PA. Even better, it was BYOB.
Good Asian food, rundown (albeit affordable) housing, tons of white trash, and not convenient to anything worthwhile, save for delicious Asian food.
We average picking up a couple full bags of trash every time we kayak. The amount of detritus in the mangroves is disturbing.
Put in mouth. Chew. Swallow.
It's part of my daily snack regimen that I keep in my truck. I have a bunch of raw veggies that I keep in a cooler and munch while I drive. I don't put anything on them, as they taste fantastic straight from my garden.
I don't. I stopped interacting with them decades ago.
That I am capable of smiling.
It's 35C and humid as hell, and I'm working outside all day. I fucking love it. If it gets below 20C, that's when I put on a heavy jacket and start bitching about the cold.
Incorrect. Temperatures under 20C/68F are cold and miserable. Give me 35C/95F with humidity all day everyday.
As far as I'm concerned, home is just a place to store my shit. I absolutely hate spending more than a couple of days in the same place.
Catsup is for five year olds and dilettantes.
How about no monuments whatsoever? They're all just a waste of money and space. Anyhow, the human race has never once done anything even remotely worth celebrating.
The only way for something to become popular is to be watered down to appeal to the lowest common denominator. Thus, anything popular is complete dogshit.
There are 8 billion people on this planet. No individual life matters at all in the grand scheme. Honestly, millions of people could die tomorrow and the world wouldn't notice.
Imagine being deluded enough to think that sentient bags of meat with trick thumbs are worth more than a warm bucket of spit.
Widows are extremely docile and very reluctant to bite. You'd have to squish one to even have a shot at getting bitten. Even then, their venom isn't a huge deal.
It makes me a realist.
Aside from breeding at an insane pace and irreparably fucking the planet, we really haven't.
Mmmk, champ...
Yes, because we all fucking love red tide.
Having been tattooed a few dozen times, it doesn't hurt at all, save for some very mild discomfort in certain areas (Throat, inside thighs, near the armpit). I find the itchiness a few days later to be much worse, plus applying lotion is one of the most disgusting feelings there is.
A former boss called me highly skilled and exceedingly irritable on a review.
I like to call it "Being an adult".
Exactly. None of us are special or valuable, and there is a 100% chance all of us will die.
You mean crusty, cum-soaked sock puppet, right?
Sledgehammers and cursing are also my preferred method for heavy equipment repair.
I find Autozone has better stormdrains, personally. Always very conveniently located.
Meh, I prefer getting tanked in my backyard...
Congratulations. You're officially an adult.
Save a plant! Eat a cow!
That's what I've been doing since I could legally drink at 19. Much cheaper and no drunk fratbros and woo-girls.
It's not like the dead need organs for anything. Harvest away.
I moved out, worked my way through university, got married, got divorced, got married again, spent 20 years in corporate roles, and then bought into a couple of small businesses.
Probably nothing. I don't recall much of anything about 2010, either.
Nope. I figured the 20+ years vegan tag would suffice. Apparently not. I guess I'll lose some useless interwebs points or something...
Dang. How will I ever live with the ignominy?
aka, taxpayers
Heh, heh cavity wax...
I generally refuse to eat processed foods, so they're not for me. However, if they sway some people to cut down on meat consumption, that's a plus.
Testicles are relocated inside the pelvis.
Is there candy in the back of said van?
My wife would agree, as she hates not having a strict delineation between work and home, but I would slit my wrists if I had to go to the same place and see the same people everyday. I've been home office based for 22 years, so I have gone a bit feral.
Socialism works great until you run out of other people's money to spend.
Ruskin and Funlan have open drive-ins. I'd much prefer to watch from the comparative safety of my own truck.
I usually spend the night trying to keep my dog from freaking out over asshat neighbours lighting off illegal fireworks.
Pinellas Park is nothing but white trash trailer parks and decent Asian restaurants, so not overly surprising.
When they do that annoying thing where they open their mouth and noise comes out.
I live 3 miles from the beach and agree 100%. Honestly, I think it's more that I hate the ocean, rather than just the beach.
At the very least, they could have held their guns correctly.
Yeah, super duper tough being white in America. Terrifying, really... (/s for any dense people)
Fuck that. I hate dancing.
My pibble is also an avid gardener. Whenever I dig a hole, she lays in it and guards it for me.
I fired off a couple of texts at a stoplight a few years ago. I let one of my techs know I loved him and couldn't wait to grab his butt and sent my wife diagnostic logs for a CAT bulldozer. They were both somewhat confused.
It would be easier to ask what non-Americans don't think is stupid about the US.
Eat my ass, monkeyboy.
My dogs think you're an asshole.
I'd generally agree, but the Ramones sucked so terribly that it's impossible not to mock someone wearing their shit merch.
It's not me. It's my dogs that think you're an asshole.
I wouldn't call your opinion unpopular, so much as it's uninformed.
