Labour: "power shouldn't be earned, capability and fitness to rule shouldn't be proved"
&gt; 1st year politics undergrad That's their target demographic after all
Pretty much guaranteed the Tories would not lose any more seats at the next election. More likely they would retake some off labour. The Corbyn project was always a guaranteed failure and the decay has begun
He's a serious politician who has had an actual career in the real world. That alone puts him in front. Personally I never liked him, and consider it somewhat craven to accept s position from Corbyn
It's your flair of which you are making a mockery
Known troll account, don't take seriously
It's normal that if you have inner doubts, your body won't respond like it would when you were a teenager. We're not crazed piles of hormones at this age, and psychological blocking factors can literally cockblock ourselves. Causes and treatments? I can't comment. I don't know enough for my views to be worth anything.
Well done mate, this is a proper mature reaction. Not something we see that often here
She views 10 minutes of her time as more valuable than $100 of your money. Anyone who thinks her time is worth $600 an hour is either a high-class hooker, a highly qualified business consultant, or delusional.
You refuse, on the basis that a relationship must be about taking people at face value and that this demeans the underlying basis
Walk away and demand a full apology before you return. This accusation may never be made lightly or forgiven without clearly displayed penitence.
AIUI... OP is attending a conference. OP's girlfriend said she's happy to come along for the ride if he'd pay for her hotel room. OP is offering her rooms 5 mins travel from the conference. OPs G/F says she'll only come if he gets her rooms that are $100 more expensive per night at the conference centre itself as she isn't willing to travel in the mornings and evenings, 5 mins each way.
Wait until you witness them complaining of racism towards Asians (easier if you're Muslim, although I'm guessing you and they are probably East rather than South Asian) then point out that they are just as bad?
At this point some halfwit usually joins the conversation and says "Ah but you are wrong because of fuel economy of a diesel making it cheaper overall". fuel economy of a diesel does NOT make it cheaper overall. Over 20,000 miles, the difference in fuel cost between a diesel at average 40mpg (fuel 131p/litre) and a big-block petrol engine at average 28mpg (fuel 120p/litre) is £294 a year more fuel for the petrol. A typical modern diesel is going to average about £400 more in repairs and maintenance per year over its lifetime. Easily. Possibly 3 times that.
Jaguar's 5.0 V8 in the XF easily gets 28mpg average on a long run. And there are dozens of V6s available that will make 30+ mpg average with a responsible driving style. But as it happens I wasn't using "big block" in the American style.. I merely meant "not a 1.1 litre city car engine" and was thinking about anything over 2.3 litres.
RTE, surely?
I would expect the friend to have admitted it to me beforehand.
UKIP was founded as the Anti-Federalist League. One of its first attempts at taking a parliamentary seat saw Enoch Powell (*who was apparently still alive and politically engaged in 1993*) speak in favour of the candidate (founder of the party, Prof. Alan Sked) at public meetings in the Newbury constituency. If UKIP / AFL wasn't originally a racist party, it took endorsements from racists pretty bloody early.
&gt;Conservative party candidates can be particularly disadvantaged, meaning minority ethnic candidates may end up contesting only safe seats, the research found – a phenomenon that could drastically limit the spectrum of candidates who will put themselves forward for the party. Bad if so, but over a long enough timeline this could have interesting side-effects. If BME Tories only get to Parliament in safe seats, they will over time have greater opportunities in the parliamentary party to distinguish themselves, become better-known and of higher rank - because while being fewer, they would also be better-protected from the side-effects of changing political views in the nation.
If someone legitimate invites the Grand High Wizard of the local Klavern onto his stage to speak for him, that's going to raise questions about whether the endorsement is mutual.. Prof. Sked invited Powell onto his stage.
&gt; I must be the problem. I must be making her feel this way to react so badly Nope from me on that. If you havent committed acts of violence against her, and have repeatedly forgiven her, you aren't the cause of this. How many more beatings are you willing to take before you snap? and what will happen then? If you can keep your temper indefinitely you're a saint, and you'll end up getting killed by her. If you can't, you can be sure the police will take her side. Document it, get away, get custody, get her treated by the system.
Better to steal it. Same outcome, fewer risks to the mother's welfare in the divorce.
No, you come across as a self-aggrandising prick. It's probably unfair and untrue but it's definitely the way you are coming across here and it's a deeply unattractive look. Nobody likes a nice guy. If you want to do good things, do them anonymously.
1) ensure she's not on her period. 2) Tell her this.
You shall drive this car again in Valhalla
A lot of Nordic countries tend to use the company registration number as the VAT number, EORI and - I think - Corp tax identifier. Also very convenient.
My old 2.0 litre non-turbo, petrol, Volvo estate averaged 37.1mpg over the 56,000 miles I travelled in it - economy calculated by recording litres of fuel pumped at every fill-up, always filling to the brim, and noting the mileage and entering both to a spreadsheet.... B4204S2 engine - 16v, VVT, 136bhp 4-cyl. I'm currently averaging just under 33mpg over the 13,000 miles I've done in a 2.3-litre Saab with a B234 engine.
Yes, Sked quit because of the racism he started. I expect - being a Professor and therefore being expected to take a reasoned approach - it became untenable for him in terms of career effects.
His actions in forbidding his children to be involved with a crime family are sensible parenting responsibility. There are issues here to deal with but that isn't one of them.
Amused that they needed to add LED driving lights in the chin spoiler because the bull bars weren't made for a Hyundai coupe and block the dipped beam pattern
Another staggeringly implausible story from another person with a name ending in *blue. It's always a username ending in blue I take it we're all aware of whats going on. Troll on, troll.
Try to fix that formatting and we'll try to read it
Also the 1.3 Ka engine has a very long history - it was first produced for the Ford Popular in the 1950s. Its a proven reliable design.
So you'll be starting with the rape gangs, and appointing Sarah Champion as ShadCab member with responsibility for policies on it?
Thats in India isn't it?
Hopefully it's disproportionately the older ones who won't plague us too much longer. I know a lot of minorities hold this view but they can't account for anything like a quarter
I think the latter is a viewpoint that's always been popular among the immature. Voting Tory becomes more acceptable as you get to the age of realising that giving everyone everything they want isn't always good for anyone, and that politics based on how things feel might not be sound
Brexit will have been reversed within 20 years whatever happens. And frankly in 1997 people voted for a government that was somewhat patriotic and didn't threaten their interests. Not really an option nowadays
Egalitarianism is not a new term. It pre dates feminism
It's a very safe assumption. If you are afraid of being branded as an offender it's a good policy. At least until you know your partner better. I was born in the 70s and I still ensure to have explicit consent in the early stages of a relationship
&gt;the marriage statistics actually point to 60%+ divorce when couples have cohabitated before marriage This is more to do with there being different mindsets between the sort of people who cohabit and the sort of people who actually have a right to wear white to their weddings, the latter see the vows as a duty to uphold while the former understand that if it doesnt work they can start again elsewhere. Some people do find out the hard way that they are incompatible after marrying without experience of each other.
"So, mum, I'll help you move house as you can't afford to live here if you can't work. Where do you fancy living out of these 4 cheap-rent locations?" [attach list of places that are slightly less appealling to live than, say, Mogadishu....]
When female friends invite me to visit, I always bring my g/f. I would never dream of booking a holiday without her.
Can we have a referendum on whether or not we enjoy polls ?
Constantly on call as deputy pope too
I bought an old Phillips radio alarm clock (eBay) and one of those bedside lamps that has a transformer in the base and a 12 volt bulb. (Homebase) Replaced the bulb with a yellow LED module - dimmer and also more artificial quality of light. (Amazon) Opened up the radio alarm clock and cut the wire to the LED backlight and brought it out via a small drilled hole in the case of the radio. Put the bedside light to permanenrly ON, cu t the wires between the transfermer and the lamp bulb nad put a 2N3055 power transistor in circuit. Connected the backlight power from the radio to the base (switching) terminal on the transistor. The power it takes to turn on a heavy duty transistor is about the same as a single LED backlight in an old radio clock uses. Now , half an hour before I have to get up, the radio starts softly whispering to me and a gentle light starts shining on my face. Works a dream. If you'll pardon the pun. Total cost was about £30 (UK currency - say 50 US dollars?)
If they do, say "talk to the hand" and show them the smily face
No. You are being manipulated if you let her hide it from her own sight by being a cow.
I'm British. I'm guessing from the phrasing that so are you I'm also guessing you're an angry bellend who thinks he has anything worth saying.
If you can sleep with a genny running 2ft above your head
Why is the 2nd Doctor wearing a bowler hat? ^^yes ^^I ^^know ^^its ^^Arlene
Labour won't form a government until it finds a leader who can command public respect
Because Hopkins and migrants are equally unwelcome?
Hive no greater need than to see this!
All the Iranians I've known are more like really light northern Indians than like Arabs. I'd hesitate to classify them as "middle east" in an ethnic sense
Brits are that bit more civilised and British police that whole lot more effective. Never gonna happen.
It's as much due to how annoying she is as to her dimness, outright racism and tendency to talk down to people
I got over the fear of driving on the motorway (highway / autoroute / interstate, probably the same thing) at age 19 by going out at 2am on a sunday and driving 400 miles on it - London to York and back - while it was empty initially and medium traffic toward the end of the trip. Never been afraid of it since. Don't face a demon like that in rush hour on a weekday
I gt confused when people talk about "a" solution because it seems to imply that there's "a" problem. The homeless comprise people who became homeless through * illness affecting their ability to work, * Poverty meaning inability to afford homes * PTSD from military service affecting their ability to live in society * Drug or alcohol abuse incapacitating them * Compulsive gambling leading to eviction over unpaid rent * Being the sort of criminal scum that nobody will allow a roof to And a ton of other causes. I reckon this solution is useful for SOME of those causes but only some.
&gt; We can't allow the threat of terrorism to dictate what sovereign nations do. All of what sovereign nations do - in any circumstance - is subject to consideration of what dangers arise from a course of action. We can and do consider the threat of war or terrorism in almost all political outcomes, even if we then choose to accept that risk
Got it - thanks. makes sense now.
Obvious troll post
I think at least a one to one ratio is necessary
IMO, Hard border between NI &amp; IE is what the DUP want but can't be seen to ask for
"European history" Those two words to most informed people bring to mind the millions - possibly billions - of Europeans who have died in the statistical average of a major war every 30 years for all of recorded history. Everything is fine. Everything is statistically FAR better than usual. Note that all the states you mentioned are democracies - thats also statistically unusual and a sign of how good things are compared to the historic norm.
Get out of this family, cut contact with all of them. Their treatment of you has been shameful. Your so-called girlfriend has failed to stand up for you, that can't be forgiven. And the mother's obviously not someone you can ever have as a mother-in-law
TIL that loyalty is a result of position, rather than position being a result of loyalty. TI also L that in a secret ballot people on the payroll are physically incapable of voting disloyally
Nagging probably isn't the best way to get this sorted. Can't you go to the office and do it ?
I would rather have you than a lot of the people you support, because you are in this for your sense of ethics and a lot of them seem to be in this to get power first and foremost
yeah, I think all thats happened is that society has less tolerance for colossal bellends like OP - and that men are actually expected to be interesting &amp; have some sort of respect for their partners
Also, in winter it's often advisable to go down an oil-grade to get better cold starting anyway. It would be more common to go to 5w40 with a 10w40 engine but a 10w40 oil thats been in use for say 7,000 miles is no thicker than a brand new 5w30 anyway
I don't see how it would be illegal. If trespassers choose to ignore a sign warning of a particular danger if they chose to enter private property, their position is analogous to someone who breaks into the tiger enclosure at a zoo wearing a suit made of freshly-cooked meat and a sprig of catnip
Current Tory voter, if I joined a union I'd strike as they struck, or resign from the union if I thought their cause unconscionable. There's no point to being in a union if you don't all stand together. You can't expect solidarity from people if you don't show it in return.
Plenty scientists work in law enforcement. It's not impossible to follow an intellectual course of study and still end up being a defender of law... Detectives, criminologists, analysts all play a part. Also frankly, we could do with more smart police officers too. So good luck if you do go that way too.
Before you ask anything, search the archives of the local newspaper. No death goes unreported. Potentially you could get some answers without the need to ask awkward questions
If you have been together two years and it works, the number doesn't matter a bit. I honestly don't know why people ask a question that only ever seems to cause problems. It's a question I have never asked of any of my girlfriends and I have been the happier for it
It's a good idea to start a physical relationship by not being a naive prick. Don't ask. And don't you dare think a girl is somehow worth less because you weren't the first. That's the thought process of a mediaeval shithead.
Cannabis is known for making Tourettes worse, I see no reason to believe that CBD would be a remotely sane thing to try
On his way to Ireland. OMG. Kilkenny
I visit the area regularly. Every time the buildings are a little taller. I even fantasise that one day I'll come and the huge tower next to ASDA won't be covered in scaffolding &amp; plastic sheets....
Relistically you are only going to get to marry another muslim unless you stop confusing "can't" and "won't"
Previously unsuspected new meaning for *gay cruising*
My logic was that the three options I mentioned are the only three options known to be possible and admitted as being possible by both the UK and the EU
We can't know. But if he comes back with a hotel address, I'd recommend you don't go.
You married into a family you hadn't first checked out. Responsibility for that part falls on you. I travelled to meet the Romanian-speaking-only family of my ex. I took the time to learn at least enough of their language to make basic pleasantries with them &amp; show goodwill. Why didn't you?
Why do you think that their refusal and his refusal are a good enough reason? You had no business accepting a proposal from a family you dind't know and hadnt taken the trouble to meet. If you could guilt and pressure him into marrying you, you could have done the same to get to meet them You picked the wrong target to use coercion towards. You REALLY should have used it to meet them first.
Don't marry someone who you haven't had a decent amount of sex with. Some people just aren't sexually compatible, it's not true that any two people can do it together. You do NOT want to be finding out you're the couple that can't ...on your wedding night.
"No. I am not spoken to like that, and I am not the punching bag for your inner aggression"
My g/f and I are in early stages of planning to move in together. We've had a lot of small chats about it and have been considering stuff like, having time for hobbies we don't share (I love my vintage single-speed road bicycle and she can't ride a bike, she loves TV dancing competitions &amp; I don't even have a TV set) We're agreeing on stuff about how being in the house doesnt mean we have to be in the same room doing the same thing, how we both sometimes need time to ourselves (we've both got used to that), stuff about how we'll have a spare bedroom and sometimes if someone isn't well, or needs a deeper sleep because theres a long day ahead, that it won't be a problem for us to choose to sleep apart on occasion. We've even been considering random stuff like how much wardrobe space we need each - I've got a huge collection of suits &amp; this may prove to be a problem....
&gt;although I am very mature. No way at 22 that you're anything more than a sex-object for someone who's been around since 1970. Do this if you want to but don't kid yourself, you're there as the entertainment not the guest
Remember this - when people make small-talk they tend to talk about stuff, films, music, news, celebrities from the era they remember. At 22 you can probably remember a lot of stuff from about 2006 to present, and some stuff from the 5 or so years before that. His memories will cover about 1980-present in detail. If he puts up with the frustration of talking to someone who can't relate to most of what interests him, it's because he has other reasons to want you there.
I am in my 40s. People in my age group who are dating borderline children have something seriously wrong with them
Start tagging yourself and him...
The best option financially is usually not to buy cars you cant afford.
There's something we need to know before forming opinions on this snippet of messenger activity. Had you pre warned him about you considering a big visible tat and did you already know he had strong reactions against ? Was this message an attempt to set a course regardless of his previously expressed opinions? Or the first time they arose?
So you tried to manipulate someone, that does cast the response into a different light.
"Regardless of your previously expressed concern I'm doing exactly what you most object to" That's your first sentence removed from the nutshell, with an added subtext of "Deal with it" Not sure what you expected, and it doesn't actually matter if his objection to big trashy tattoos is logical or not, there was only ever going to be one response to that from most people.
You don't seem to know what the term "red flag" means. A red flag is something that tells you to stop, not to proceed with a relationship for your own safety. It isn't a red flag when someone else says "I won't have a relationship with you"
You are permitting the situation by making it possible for him not to work and to follow his hobby all day. Stop doing that.
Cut off his financial supplies. Start getting breakfast on the way to work and skipping dinner as part of some fad diet. Stop buying in food supplies. Disconnect the internet. Invite him to pay for those things if he needs them, as you don't. Without food, he'll either be employed within 3 days or dead within 28.
Food, Drinks, etc, are the things you cut then.
No, I wouldn't. Because if they didn't try to have a discussion about it with their concerns, but instead said "Break this off", they would no longer fit my definition of good loving parents.
This is a critically urgent case of not your problem. As a matter of extreme priority block her on all media and stop worrying about her.
Black, angry, dishonest and disinterested in facts? its a winning combination in Corbyn's party
I pay £30 a month into a savings account that I only use for buying cars. Whenever my current car is worn out, I go and find another. Only real rule is, has to be cool, has to be reliable, minimum 130bhp, full service history and under 100,000 miles. I only expect any car I buy to last 3 years max so this is really easy. My last 3 cars (covering the period since 2012) were a 2001 Volvo V40, then a 1996 Saab 900 and now a 1998 Saab 9-3 sport convertible. Over that time I've been unemployed, been a contractor, earned as little as 25K a year and as much as 50K. As far as I'm concerned the sweet spot for buying cars is when their value falls below £1500 but they still have low-ish mileages - so I buy older vehicles and better ones. My salary from now on will only go up - but I'm not changing my approach to car ownership.
&gt;I'm basically upset that he couldn't man up and just finish the conversation, he's mad because he feels ambushed. I do get where he's coming from, yes it's totally shitty that he has to deal with all this and I agree, but I also feel like he should have just manned up and finished the conversation Yeah,he deserves better than this.... and better than you.... What happened to him was 100% undeserved by him and 100% your fault. Seems he's worked this out too. Smart lad.
&gt;but is there a kind way to help her see a better path..? TBH living is a process of learning from mistakes. If she is making one but seems happy, maybe you need to let her make it until she sees a different path.
Note that I said low-wattage. Front sidelights,I replace W5w 5watt halogens with 4 watt 32-SMD-LED units that are brighter. Side marker lights on Volvos, same conversion. Tail lights, I replace the running light (normally a P15w) with a large SMD LED unit that's brighter but takes a few watts fewer. Dipped and main beam I leave as halogen. REar foglight I leave as halogen. Indicators, always halogen as the bulb colour is more important. Front foglights I usually fit a 35w HID kit to replace a 55w bulb. Front foglights arent MOT tested, LED sidelights as a replacement for halogen aren't an MOT fail. Interior lights all get LED swapped, even down to instrument backlights. I like changing instrument and switch backlighting colours to softer tones
Service manual for my last three cars says every 10k for sparks. They are all low compression non turbo cars so they use plugs that cost £8 for 4, so why not do it?
One member's meat is another's Poisson.
My guess is climate change protest. Fits the recent trend of protests blocking major roads
Police said the bullet would probably come down in the heavily populated areas around the airport, too risky
Soaked in araldite
Another troll guys, everyone calm down, downvote &amp; report...
It increases sales of baseball bats. But also increases staff replacement costs
You don't. You tell her she's misunderstood you and you won't apologise, or be treated like you've done something wrong, just because she misunderstood something and didn't bother to check she was right
&gt; If you’re using error free LEDs - you’re not saving anything, as extra power being burned in resistors. You might note that I quoted the actual wattage drawn. I never use "error-free" LEDs as they are dangerous. That concentrated heat in the resistor can melt plastics or start fires. I always check them when I buy them using my multitester and a stable 12v source to find actual current and calculate wattage, as its not unknown for LEDs to be mis-sold. On a lot of cars it's very easy to reversibly disable CanBus error monitoring for bulbs. Usually just means disconnecting one or two wires near the main fuse/relay box. With my internal lighting re-works I use actual component LEDs - 3mm or 5mm, mount them where the old bulb holders were and wire them in myself using resistors of between 950 ohms and 2K depending on desired brightness
&gt;centrist and a moderate. &gt;the Green Party lolwut?
Prtty much all Saab cars have the ignition switch built into the base of the gearstick and as you remove the key they go into reverse gear and can't be got out of reverse without the key in the ignition. If the engines were really averse to reverse rotation pressures this would cause problems with saab engines. It doesnt.
If you;re in Los Angeles and you have a problem and you don't know anyone who can help, I know some people who maybe you could find....
How old is the kid?
Incidence of unprovoked violent crimes against TG individuals is out of all proportion to their numbers. I don't know why, but something about them seems to drive at least some people mad.
The reason I habitually upvote your posts when I see them is that you're the one person on this board who *never* comes across like he's being a prick deliberately. This isn't the time to prove me wrong.....
I don't think I've ever even met a trans person - or if I did, they had a very successful transition. Start by looking up the suicide rate among trans people and compare it to other groups, then make your own assumptions about the stress level these people live under
Mixed emotions then
You know all those posts on here about shitty husbands who have a side chick? You are the side chick. You are better than this, I hope.
You are not a bad person. You know that by the fact that you feel bad about the situation. 'bad people' don't tend to have consciences or self doubt. Therefore. You are undeserving of this harsh treatment. However. You are out of your depth in a relationship with someone who isn't coping, and you can't make up for that. Your goals aren't aligned.
Moving money from purposes that make profits to purposes that don't is essential to combat climate change. It's also economically damaging which is why we do it slowly. I fear labour would rather trash the entire economy to make a point than work towards an outcome that clean and sustainable economically
This problem can be resolved initially.. not through your therapist but through your mobile network provider. Block sender.
Bands trade upon an image, you possibly don't fit that image (or don't fit in their vehicle, one or another).
No, don't do this, E-collars are for bad pet owners who can't be bothered to do it properly. Torturing an animal into behaving is the action of a feral human
In my country E-collars &amp; shock collars are both illegal on the basis that they were scientifically found to be cruel. Yet we have no greater problem wiht untrained dogs. A badly trained dog is just a result of a bad dog owner. It's typically American to think you can swap caring for your dog and responsible training....for a machine that punishes it, and expect no consequences.
You sell 500 pints of beer a day. Each pint costs you £1.50 and sells for £2, so your daily ~~revenue~~ gross profit is £250. Heat, light, rent and building maintenance cost together, on average, £100. All in cost of one barkeep at minimum wage for 10 hours is £7.83x1.158x10 = £90.67 (the 1.158 multiplier is mandatory pension contributions and employers NIC). So your daily margin is just under £60. If you raise the price on beer, people will buy fewer pints from you. How much leeway do you have to increase wages? Bearing in mind that your profit is whats left over after paying the barkeep and it's already less per day than he earns
Fun fact - HPV, like Herpes, can be spread by oral sex - a lot of people who have only had oral still consider themselves to be virgins. Possibly either of you contracted it that way before getting together.
the last few words of the question do not make sense.
Op could also say to her mother that her choice to be with him does not in any way put him in a position of authority over her adult children - and that he can only earn respect by deserving it by mature behaviour
&gt; Now I don’t know how to approach them Oh, that bit is easy. They are in the wrong, so you wait in silence for them to contact you and ask your forgiveness
Start a regular program of short absences - fishing trips or similar - to acclimatise her to it. It works on puppies and domestic cats..
You aren't old enough to have a 32yo b/f. Dump and run. Because sooner or later he will do it to you and look for someone younger looking
Next time before you go away, open the box and leave a note in it saying "I know you are cheating on me", tucked over the top of the top condom. When you get back, assess her mood to see if she's worried... If she isnt cheating she won't have opened the box &amp; seen the note... If you want to be more subtle, put a staple through each condom, right through the middle of the packet, making it unusable. And bring a replacement packet back with you.
OK so it's really a question of SMV - Sexual Market Value. Your personality can be worked on. Your weight can be worked-off. And you should do that anyway because if you want to live a long and happy life with the right person it wouldnt do to die of a heart attack at age 41. Appearance is a personal judgment and not everyone has the same taste so its unlikely to be a causative factor
&gt;Note that my pension (SIPP) contributions were not counted toward my eligibility, however they would be accessable as cash if I were willing to swallow the same 25% penalty. No they wouldn't. You can't withdraw cash from a SIPP at all until age 55
If direct communication between you and her endangers her safety, either get her committed or only communicate via third parties such as her lawyer
Yes, they are, and disproportionately, they are underrepresented, while deadbeats are over-represented. The balance is skewed. As I stated.
Differing outlooks. It was hard getting jobs and experience as a teenager or 20-something, especially if you hadn't gone to uni. i guess some of us saw it as a challenge to be beaten, and took satisfaction in doing so, rather than seeing it as unfair oppression
Years ago I was talking to a recruiter after a contract ended. We had a wide-ranging discussion about the field of accountancy and the parts of it I had experience of, and the applicability of those parts to different sorts of industries, when the recruiter at the other end of the line said..... "Why don't you take a role with us? we need people with this sort of understanding of the profession" I always imagined that was how a lot of recruiters got started. I didn't take him up on the offer.
I did a further 3 years temp/contracting from 2012, I always liked searching and applying through Reed whenever possible just because their two local branches were both fully staffed by adults. It is a rarity...
I really hate this rush for victimhood status. We see it in all sorts of areas nowadays and it's disgusting. The game is not rigged. it's just hard. Life is hard. The sooner you whining little wannabe martyrs get a grip on that fact the better. I'm in my 40s. I don't know if that makes me eligible to say *in my day* yet but getting a p/t job as a 17y/o was fucking hard and back then there was no national minimum wage for anyone, not even a reduced rate. My first job was for limited hours, paying just under £3 an hour. I knew people among my friend group who worked for £1 or £2 an hour in the foodservice industry and were still willing to work - and it was a shitload easier to sign-on back then too. So we worked and bettered ourselves and got ahead. My second job - the first full-time one - had a salary of the huge amount of £661 per month after tax. Rather than waiting in fantasyland for some saviour to try to make the world less unfair, we voted in a new Labour government that gave us a national minimum wage, it was a small improvement but an improvement none the less.. and we built our careers and got better jobs as a result.
How often does he normally see you? If it's every 2 weeks, then wait 3 months before telling him your expectations. If its every 2 months, wait a year. Wait until he comes to you asking why you won't see him any more. Then reiterate your demands with no explanation.
Yes this. "Not in my bed until you are clean"
Since whenever I go through Paddington on a Saturday morning I get approached by people who tell me they need a few pounds for their ticket home 'cos they lost their wallet on friday night, maybe this is a mutually satisfactory outcome
the Labour movement used to believe that to work for a living was dignified and honourable, a fitting pursuit for a person. I miss that integrity. Ironic that as someone who in 2018 is voting Tory to prevent a Corbyn government bringing in bad economics, I'm apparently one of the last believers in the Dignity of Labour
Then you are as ignorant of his history as you are of his personality. Aneurin Bevan was *Minister for Health and Housing* and undertook a great program of building of social housing, in a postwar era of great need for housing, but never once made any proposals regarding existing private property rights.
Maybe make her an appointment with a local recruiter and tell her you'll come along &amp; drive her there to make sure she gets there stress-free....
Literally every economic theory says the recovery period from a recession is the time for austerity. Thats the last couple of years, and Labour that whole time has been speaking out against austerity. Austerity is correctly being applied, and Labour has no economic credibility right now.
Its perfectly possible to live on the NMW and enjoy a higher standard of living than most people did until the 1970s. It just takes discipline. Its also perfectly possible for people from poor families in shithole towns to actually get a grip, get out, get basic work, get nightschool education, and end up comparatively loaded after their career takes off because they put in the effort. I should know. I did it for years.. the full day of work, then the commute across town, then 4 more hours of study, home to bed in a shitty tiny flatshare, sleep, repeat. If anyone wants to tell me that wasn't dignified they can line up while I go find my claw hammer.
I was dating a Romanian girl in 2016 through the time of the campaigning and the vote, she was devastated, as were her circle of friends who I got to know. Not just at the outcome but at all the negativity.
I have used Ubuntu since 9.1. since 10 it has always been the Xubuntu version. XFCE flies compared to gnome
4th April 2003 is when that Slashdot story ran apparently. I miss the old SD design
You are the asshole
It takes two to tango but it specifically requires an adulterous girl to cause paternity fraud....
Surely 911 was already something else - the telephone number for emergency services in the USA?
You might want to ask this on r/UKPersonalFinance
UK. Our main opposition party decided it wanted to play ideological purity games at the very moment we needed it to be a practical alternative. And this is tolerated.
Camping, cheap parks in northern England usually
It won't. I don't have to deal in hypotheticals.
Paul nuttalls reports that his duties as Pope prevent him from acting as a stand-in leader
It was. You fooled me too, I was wondering what I had done to offend you until the last sentence...
Where did Banks get all the money he paid to Farage ?
Outstanding!
Not the autocrat we deserve, but the autocrat we need right now
And hard physical outside work with all the dangers that involves
I don't think anyone thought the Argentinians were so fucking stupid as to invade a first world nuclear power. It's like if Iceland decided to invade the Hebrides. First we'd laugh, then we'd smash them like the insignificant gnats they are.
You could easily find an equivalent job doing that paying 10k more. Possible 15k more
They have hopes for Newbury though
More than ever we need a sane and responsible left wing party . This isn't the time for playing student politics.
Ability to afford providing something isn't just about finance. Affording the necessary supply of land may be an issue. Comparison of population density suggests this is a lot easier for the finns
If you were 18, living with parents, and you found that if they chucked you out you would be given a council house, it would be tempting. Look at the levels of benefits fraud that were found when investigation first started as a useful comparison. (It's actually a lot less now). I don't think Finns and Brits are directly comparable. Ethics vary.
I wouldn't worry at all about a few people abusing it. Any more than I worry about the negligible levels of benefit fraud. What would worry me would be 10 million people abusing the system
For the record I do agree that this policy would cause reduced costs in other areas of the public and health sectors. I just doubt the overall effect would be a net benefit and I worry that it's a strong disincentive to personal betterment
It's the problem caused by having a huge number of chavs
Equality is not an issue of conscience except to the extent that it is unconscionable to deny it on the basis of gender or sexuality
That may be my error
Spare me the Brighton-accented faux shock. I come from a working class town in the Midlands. I left because there was a choice between working for freedom and independence or staying and numbing it with alcohol and drugs. Getting away from the chavs or becoming either one of them or one of their victims. There is a large and problematic underclass who see work and compliance to the law as optional. They are defined by that choice. They are a problem for our society.
How's the balance when you take into account the numbers of each gender injured or killed in workplace incidents?
"Orange man bad. White saviour bad. Oh hello Jeremy". Lammy is alright but he doesn't think what he says. This may prove to have been a mistake
Used temp market to broaden my experience then applied for financial accounting roles in major British businesses. Have worked for three companies that literally everyone in the UK has traded with at some point
Neolib here: Corbyn did well today. Even we hate Trump.
In his broom cupboard?
The Fires of Pompeii totally changed my view on her. Realised she was a great actress who had previously specialised in terrible characters, rather than a terrible person who was typecast
Because suddenly it's stopped working for them. It's odd however that often the same people who savaged the Clegg era LDs for being a minor coalition partner to the Tories and having to compromise to get some policies through.. . are now willing for their own movements to be placed in similar ethical dilemmas
Not that
This requires a portmanteabbreviation
I suppose that's a good start
Stupid thing is, you don't need to be poor to appeal to people who struggle, you just have to be believable.
We know Boris to be a backstabber whose love of power exceeds his ethics. Gove showed himself more like Boris at that moment than ever before. I have no vote in the Tory contest but my general election vote cannot be earned by either Gove or Johnson
This happened in Belgium. Caretaker administration was formed to just handle critical affairs
I just finished reading Max Arthur's excellent "Forgotten voices of the Great War". We have nothing, in comparison, of which to grumble.
After he loses the next election. Internal popularity or not, labour rarely allows a leader to lose two sequential general elections. And labours vote share is still falling
What wellbeing can you have without the ability to earn an income that covers your needs? Which requires economic growth as well as fairer distribution. Corbyn would fail to deliver this because redivision of a shrinking income doesn't work. Would Hancock do better?
From a.man who has failed to condemn the Birmingham protests because the protestors are his main voters there
Find any example of Corbyn condemning them? I can't I did find evidence of Shabana Mahmood, Labour MP for the area, giving a speech supporting the protests and the right of parents to dictate what their children learn before being forced to back down by a horrified backlash
It's amazing how few people can properly draw a bicycle frame. That tandem would collapse
"they called me Mainline McVey. I was the influence that lead Irvine Welsh to write *Trainspotting*"
Profitable
Look more closely. There is no support bar from the rear bottom bracket to the axle of the rear wheel on this side - that wheel is supporting half the weight of the vehicle on just the rear fork. No rear fork ever made can do that. We can see the hubs of both bottom brackets on this side of the bike. That means the chain is on the right hand of the bike when going forward. So behind that case is a chain. Therefore there is not a support bar as it would have to have 2 bottom brackets on each axle to make that possible and would therefore be unfeasibly wide. To work, this tandem needs a thick support bar running between both bottom brackets and on to the near side of the rear wheel
Deselect the traitor
I can do an oil change in ten minutes without getting my hands dirty or kneeling down. Pela 6000 oil change pump. Sucks out the oil via dipstick tube
Amazon or eBay sell Pela branded pumps
Think about postal delivery
As of today another labour MP is backing the protests and opposing gay rights.
Increase the tax benefit under the rent a room scheme? Currently I think it's about max 350 a month
It can work it's just incredibly subjective. Many labour governments have won power on promises to raise taxes
Fine as long as the same exemption exists for vulnerable men
"if my height must start with 6, your weight must start with 1...." Could be a good riposte ( except if they live in a metric country )
We thought we had beaten them for good in 97. I remember watching my candidate, in his victory speech, allude to this possibility
Well this is a whole load of bullshit
This is a story about two unwholesome and prejudiced people. It does the NSPCC no credit to have listened to either.
Remainers are already aware that no deal implies everyone getting fucked
Its a basic matter of goodwill that nothing should be read into the fact that Dominic Raab has never denied having a conviction for rape that's been spent under the Rehabilitation of Offenders act
If a service doesnt at least make a decent contribution to its own running costs,it's vulnerable to cut-spending-and-taxes populist politicians. Profitability - or at least, low subsidy - is the best possible protection for core infrastructure. Dr.Beeching wasn't unique.
Have some chocolate and cream and you'll feel better
You do understand that Mays deal isn't a final deal, it's just a withdrawal agreement that gives space for negotiation?
Well it might be. But on the flip side, if you move a population from a country where their heat and power is made from coal, to one that uses nuclear and solar and wind, you might manage a net reduction in global emissions. Green economics is ludicrously difficult to calculate
It's going to be a while ago. May - No. Cameron - predecessor was Labour. Brown - no. Blair - predecessor was Tory. Major - no. Thatcher - predecessor was Labour. Callaghan - no, predecessor was Wilson who had 6 years over a decade. Wilson (no) had an interrupted 6 years with Ted Heath in the middle and the short lived Douglas-home (Tory) before him. ADH (no) was preceded by MacMillan (6 years) who was preceded by ANTHONY EDEN - TORY - 2 years. So there you are. 1957-1963 is the last time a PM - Supermac, Harold MacMillan - lasted longer than a predecessor of the same party. Pop trivia - Macmillan was the last person born in the Victorian era to be PM, the last soldier wounded in WW1 to be PM, and until 2005 was the longest-lived British PM - he was born in 1894 and died in 1986. I remember seeing news reports of this at the time. He was also an MP during 4 different decades - first elected in 1924 and stood down in 1964. He regularly upset Maggie by criticising her well into the 80s. Pop trivia 2.0. Every British PM I have mentioned in this post began their first premiership during the reign of Queen Elizabeth II. Eden's predecessor was Churchill - who first became PM prior to her reign &amp; served twice, interrupted by Clement Attlee in the middle.
Thats what I was wondering, and that curiosity led me to make this post.. On the face of it, getting BJ out seems a nice idea. I was wondering if the loyalty by which people feel linked to their own parties would be stronger than their desire to be rid of the tousled tosspot
Or can't use it. The help to buy ISA could only be used on houses under 250k. I used one as part of my saving strategy but didn't get the bonus as no available property within 20 miles of my target location could be bought that cheaply.
I don't think a labour candidate under a corbynite manifesto can take Uxbridge. Taking Uxbridge means taking the votes of thousands of conservatives as well as every lib dem and greens voter. A centrist compromise candidate would have a hard fight to do this. A corbynite would fail
And those who've studied economics. There's plenty evidence for it working, but only a fool has it as their sole economic method. It's down to marginal propensity to consume. Make someone who's already rich richer, and they'll bank it - benefiting almost nobody. Make someone who's doing OK more comfortable, and they'll consume more, spurring growth. A second aspect of it thats also provable is that people with spare money invest money to make themselves richer. Investment by its nature spurs economic growth.
&gt;The poverty level for 2017/18 equates, for a couple with no children, to around £262 per week, counting all income and deducting taxes and basic housing costs. Yes, pretty much, it's housing costs. I guess the obvious question is, what's the glue? If living in london means either poverty or subsidy, what can be done to make it easier for people to leave London and find a better quality of life elsewhere? Moving further out if you have London work just means cheaper rent is defrayed by more expensive commuting, so ideally some way of facilitating people finding work and property elsewhere?
He never left the party, he just acted as though he had by voting against a lot of its policies. The comparable bit is that Umunna was known to be exactly what he was like. People who voted for him must have known that.
Those are the people who drive up the housing price due to demand. I suspect though that their go-getting attitude that brought them here means they aren't the ones who end up in poverty. I reckon its normal everyday London-born Londoners that have normal everyday jobs that experience the poverty
Saab 9-3 from 1998. You specifically want it to be 1998 as the 98 model alone has all the enhancements of the 9-3 platform over the related 900 platform, but has the older style engines which are far more reliable. 9-3s after 1999 have lighter weight engine components - it was intended to increase efficiency but a side-effect of the redesign is that they are seriously vulnerable to sludging up and related damage, whereas sludge is unknown on 1998 models and second-gen 900s Seriously stylish alternative car with great features and a range of engines going from 130 to 280 bhp You can get a good one for £1200. Life expectancy of the vehicle is 200,000 miles
No - and there's a good argument for saying the London Living Wage should be both higher, and mandatory. What would surprise me is that anyone who didn't think they had the capacity to go beyond minimum wage income would try to set up home in one of the most expensive cities in the world. Full time work above minimum wage is available for the asking to people without criminal records. And not just in London area. Much legitimate criticism of London-centric economic policy wilfully overlooks the problem that in order to equal things out we need to get people moving out of London in large numbers.
All terminology is relevant to where it's used. There are people in the UK who struggle to cover the basic costs of living, and that is unacceptable. Although I think you will find that the word *famine* is used for the situation you describe, not *poverty*
&gt; There is fuck all work to do outside of London This is patently and comprehensively untrue. Of the jobs held in the UK, about 80% are not in London.
A bubble bursts when demand collapses just as supply has been ramped up. Neither of these things will ever happen to the London housing market
This guy's encounter with reality is going to be even harder than his brexit
Any time you want to know what the right side of history is, look where Jeremy is standing. And pick the other side. 95 times out of 100 you'll be right.
I don't know if karma has been turned off or this is just a confusion about the hiding of karma on new posts, but I would disagree with the core point. I'm a Blairite, most recently voted Tory @ GE to prevent a Corbyn government, and somewhat critical of a lot of stuff this sub's users stand for. Yet my karma here has constantly risen over 3 years I've been posting here under this ID. If you make good points you get recognised. I even had positive karma in badukpolitics, and that was a far more polarised place than this is
Should we be tolerant or intolerant of irony?
"I may have asked for extra ice but this is ridiculous" - John Jacob Astor
It's not true. The transmission method for smallpox wasn't even known that long ago
Your business is safe if its supply chain uses only British product and only sells export. Any other business has a systemic risk from brexit and is threatened
Founder got doxxed by copyright trolls
Looks like not getting on a motorbike with a useless, criminally irresponsible twat who doesnt deserve to live would have saved her foot, too
No, I presume, because right hand drive versions were made for the UK market
It's not their fault that no women of acceptable intelligence wanted the job
This kills the party. Those voters who want hard headed and practical rule in the best interests of the economy and employment won't stand for this
Used to be the party of entrepreneurs and bankers. Plenty of those in the UK probably feel pretty unrepresented now
I don't think his betrayal will be specific to any one group. He will sell himself as a man who has answers, then everyone who bought it will find they weren't to the questions of the day. If we want to leave, the EU hold all the cards. There isn't a way around that. From day one there have been 5 options - remain, SM+free movement, Norway, Canada, No Deal. He can't control the EU's acceptance or rejection of ideas, and they won't compromise their rules. In the end he'll either go no-deal, whihc is catastrophic however he spins it, or be forced to bring back the May exit + backstop deal to the commons again, or be forced into something even softer
They are paid not to
To quote an xKCD comic thats probably been quoted 100 times already elsewhere in that question.... the heroes of biology have slain one of the 4 horsemen of the apocalypse. While the heroes of physics met in the desert to create a new one
It's a common spoken shorthand here in the UK
Hardly capo di tutti capi
No, the party was stupid and unelectable once, then it got better. Now some still want to go back
Named after the only labour leader to win at general elections in the past 45 years
"medicine"
So they were trying to force Stewart out at this stage?
Your*
He entered this an unknown and left it widely respected, known as a teller of truths. Nothing in Dawson's tweet is true
This is a matter of public interest. Even when they don't get a say there is newsworthiness in giving them an insight into the character and outlook of the candidates
This can't be really his.... UKIP isn't a haven of intellectualism but even they can't be this bad
Have they still not dealt with that neutron spider infestation?
Plan plan plan plan plan eggs and plan
Everyone has seen in clear light of day how the MPs and probably party members will overwhelmingly back him. There's no escaping an image of being responsible for that. The Tory party built itself on the idea of responsible government. They have never failed harder at achieving it
Australia is in a trading agreement as well. ASEAN. Also a member of APECF which has 45% of all global trade within it. No trading nation anywhere exists outside the big blocs.
You are truly deluded. This world is operated by adults
*Another great trade negotiation was at the Blue Brexit Café in Bromley. Once again the EEA negotiators strategy was the same. They sailed from these fjords here, assembled at Trondheim and waited for the strong north-easterly winds to blow their oaken galleys to England, whence they sailed, on May 23rd. Once in Bromley they assembled in the Blue Brexit Café*
Soundtrack to this remark; *Take the Power Back, by Rage Against the Washing Machine*
God gave rock and roll to you. Just to see if there was anything to Bill and Ted
With a hint of that shouty TV chef
If you were on a monthly contract on 20th June when you woke up surely you have a right to a month's notice. Just repeat that to the agent
Definitely yes. Working class here. My family couldn't afford one until the mid 90s. Not sure when they were first available though.
&gt; This is what happens when you combine neoliberalism with a nationalist party. noun: neoliberalism a modified form of liberalism tending to favour free-market capitalism. Neolibs would not be in favour of Brexit, as its bad for business.
Sorry, I misunderstood you
Simplest way is to bridge the front and rear fog light switches so both run off the rear fog switch. Then run the fuel pump relay off the front fog lights switch. Good luck driving that off if you don't know
Caltrops
Trump clearly sees himself as a godfather type. Psychopath.
See how you feel when the shares your pension holds in these companies become worthless
The younger you are the more attention you should pay to pensions. If you start paying in 9% of your income at age 18 it makes the same Pension pot as starting paying in 20% at age 40. Compound interest is the only superpower.
Consistency: he was right on something, now he's wrong on everything
If you simply drive the big corporations to re register abroad to avoid a unilateral policy, you will be trading having no pension for NOT avoiding that
Blair: "We're going to ditch ridiculous points of policy in favour of pragmatism and minimising damage" Johnson: "The British people have had quite enough of pragmatism"
At least one labour member prefers opposition to government it seems
Dizzy &amp; Gladstone. Lloyd George. Attlee (possibly greatest of all)
People having well brought up, well educated children is a help to the country as a whole. Hordes of children born to uneducated teenage mothers, not so much. You get repetitive cycles of fecklessness caused not by moral failings but an inherited inability to cope with life
Yes.
Doesn't seem problematic to me. After all nobody normal wants to live with vegans anyway
Old Saab convertible (1990s). A barn-find - it had been locked up off road for over 8 years after its owner went senile.... and consequently came to me with a full dealer service history and 60,000 miles on the clock Needed some work at first to make it reliable and safe to drive long distances (brake hoses, engine coolant hoses, vacuum lines, several sequential oil changes to get all the hardened clag out of the sump...) It's now settled down to purring along, doing 15,000 miles a year
My 1999 diesel Ford Mondeo (European branding for what the USA knows as a Mercury Mystique or Ford Contour) had a 60k timing belt interval. But then, somewhat old-fashioned engine
She should replace the offensive sign with a 100 foot tall statue of a bearded man in a turban kissing a pig.
Fascinating. There's a degree to which this article looks down on working class values when they are held by people earning decent money on an honest job but it's also a pretty well thought out insight
No, that's the exact opposite of what I mean. You can do that, but it's the style of someone who isn't learning anything. Mastery is knowing as you come over the brow of a hill which gear to drop into to get most acceleration downhill before you start to climb, and where exactly on the rev counter to change up or down depending on the temperature of the engine. Mastery is being able to drop a gear and match the revs instantly so it snicks straight into providing power to the wheels.
75-80, basically what I do now. It's where the car is comfortable, much more than that and you;re pulling 3500-4000rpm consistently and the car feels like its being worked a lot harder. And being a cabriolet, noise levels really ramp up with higher speeds I find that much above 90mph the speed differential against lorries and vehicles entering from sliproads becomes problematic, causing occasional need to shed a lot of speed quickly. I consider that if any driving condition on the motorway (other than an accident or a lunatic driver) causes you to need to brake hard, you're a bad driver who didn't look far enough ahead. Seeing far enough ahead to avoid this necessitates a bit of speed control....
I'm guessing thats in your Porsche. Out of interest did you ever get a maximum speed figure for the other 2 cars in your flair text?
Thats money taken out of the economy, at a time when it s already damaged. It serves no immediate purpose. It just makes everyone poorer. It doesn't help anyone, the utilities will have higher costs under public ownership and people's pension funds will shrink due to the reduced share prices during the purchase process.
But public corporations don't deliver lower costs.
That assumption would be valid if we assumed that in the state's hands the business could be operated as efficiently as in private sector hands, despite the staggering mandatory cost of public sector audit, public sector procurement rules, public sector recruitment rules, public sector funding management controls, and the increased susceptibility to union interference. To see how valid such an assumption is, I would refer you to the entire history of state sector economics as a counter example. It also assumes the shareholders wouldn't win a court case demanding full value plus punitive damages. In this instance I refer you to the legal history of similar cases (they would. Absolute certainty)
Is it still dogma when it's backed by decades of proof?
UK population 66 mil. UK area 242945 sq km. UK density 272ppl/sqkm. USA area 9834000 sq km USA population at 272ppl/sqkm - 2.677 billion.
So it is rubbish that it would be over 4.1bn. Also frankly the US has things like huge mountain ranges, baking deserts, icy wastes and volcanoes that make some areas less optimal for suburban housing
"Free central heating"
I wouldn't know about Sharia finance - not my area. However, you might consider this. NEST normally has a 0.3% annual charge - probably but not certainly the same for their sharia funds. I have a NEST fund that I keep separate from all my other pensions (that I consolidated into current work scheme) because the NEST charge was lower than any of my other pensions (at the time NEST didnt take transfers in).
It's not really a deflection. They're both utterly unfit for power
And his jeans are more likely to be inherited than his genes now
Basically this product is a lie
Four years ago I sold a modern Volvo estate to buy a near-vintage four seat Saab convertible. It only took two years to stop looking for validation and accept that that's the sort of person I am now
Lots of cars sold in the UK have the same bodyshell and rear lights as continental versions, but they swap the bulb from side to side, its often possible to get a bulb holder for the other side and add an extra light - but its sensible only to put an LED in there as the wiring may not be specced for the current of 2 filament bulbs
Your question has everything to do with geography on some levels - movements of peoples around the UK and into it has had dramatic effect on the accent of various areas, and the typical one
I wonder if spoken Chaucer might make a lot more sense than the written... A lot of what makes it necessary to concentrate on the written is differences in spelling conventions
When I lived in Hemel Hempstead I once saw the local paper refer to an incident at Apsley Mills *Sainsburies...*
Probably not, looks like a British 220V AC plug, we don't use block heaters over here
well I'm a fan
When you turn the key, before the car fires up the fuel pump pressurises the entire fuel system. It would get enough fuel through to start just from that, even if an airlock then developed. There is some history with fuel injected cars that have return lines from the fuel rail to the tank developing this issue. I won't say it's common as it isn't, nor that it's the only possible cause. But it can be isolated by a free and quick test without any tools, which makes it worth trying first
For what it's worth another strong candidate is the fuel pressure regulator. As if the car is over or underfuelled it would also require help from the accelerator pedal to keep running initially. But I wouldn't expect that to be notably worse just after refilling
In that case its a car I would happily buy. The short service interval is excellent news for engine longevity, as the oil not only didn't get old, it was almost certainly used as a constant motorway cruiser, which is the least damaging sort of mileage
'98 Saab 9-3 (excellent) - previously had a Saab 900, a Volvo V40, 2 mondeos and 2 passats and all were tall-friendly.
My yardstick is to remember that by the last day of january it'll be substantially light until 5pm
It's not unknown for a part to fail immediately after something's been done to it - for example if you already had a weak driveshaft CV joint, the unusual series of stresses it goes through while a wheel is removed and refitted by the power-tool-wielding oafs at the tyre place might have tipped it over into failure. Not certainly the cause, but a possibility.
Powerrrrrrrrr!!! Jeremy Clarkson was well ahead of the curve for once
Being in parallel to something is normally *how* a zener influences the voltage on it
I would add that in my experience, many cars have a drain bolt on the side of the sump not the bottom. Some - not all - of these cars have a lip inside the sump and the oil below that lip doesn't always drain out as a result. An oil change pump gets that oil. I found with my pump that I could push it down and it would slide around the bottom of the sump, I could rotate the probe to get into every corner and therefore even get s full drain when parked sideways across a slope as required at one of the places I have lived.
It occurred to me that the circuit symbol for Shielded cable looks somewhat like a letter P wrapped around the line - since this document was apparently produced on a somewhat crude printer, maybe its as near as the device could get...
&gt;What are the integrity constraints of the card? Integrity should pose a constraint on the technician in this case. Lorry drivers going over their designated maximum drive time are dangerous.
Don't know as I haven't read it, but instinctively I would define a 'self made' success as someone who partook in entrepreneurship rather than employment
It might be easier and more sustainable overall to grow your money in the most efficient capitalist way and pay half your capital growth to charity every year...
When I was an active member o the UK Volvo forums back before I went Saab, one of the users there scrapped his V40 at 320,000 miles. A few days later the scrap yard to which he'd sold it were advertising a V40 engine for sale with 100,000 miles on it. I wouldnt buy an engine without seeing the car it came from and the paperwork / MOT history for it.
&gt; bless the system Holy coolant is so hard to find. Don't be tempted to use red wine. Some users prefer to bleed the system instead, works as well and less reliant on your Saved status
"Well I hope you've recovered my stolen TV and wanted to tell me?"
Not driven one myself but it's one of the few cars I have never heard an owner say a bad thing about. People seem to love them
I bought my current car sight unseen as it was exactly the one I was after. I used publicly available resources to learn everything I could about the seller. As it happens they turned out to be a manager of a charity and easily researched, and what I found about them made it easy to justify the risk. Your mileage may vary
Almost a guess but could it be an unbranded OPA228 op amp? The wiring of the board might give an indication of it is an op amp just from what's connected to it..
I was unemployed for a while in winter-spring 2012. I remember sitting on a riverbank, reading a book and waiting for recruiters calls... in shorts and t-shirt.. in march....
Proper Yorkshire: A169 Malton&gt;Pickering&gt;Whitby - then follow up to Guisborough road, turn left at Danby&gt;Castleton and track up along Blakey Ridge (stopping for lunch at the Lion) through Rosedale down to Kirkby Moorside then left and left again and you are at Pickering again
Premium. But a Volvo isn't a Mercedes or a Roller.... it's more like a BMW
Done this a few times on several different cars, the simplest way is this. Look for where the wiring loom goes through into the cabin from the engine bay. The tightly-wrapped loom will pass through a rubber grommet thats at least three times the width of the loom and serves to keep it well separated from the edges of the metal hole. Get a small craft knife and make a 5mm incision in the grommet at least halfway out to the rim, and then take a ball-point pen and remove the cap and the ink tube/nib. Push the pen tube through the incision. You now have a solid tube through to under the dashboard from the engine bay, which you can push a pair of wires through. Remove the dashboard under-trays and/or the glovebox, feed wire through, look from the inside to see it coming through. If you can 't get the wire to feed through, get the metal cable from a bicycle brake cable, solder or crimp your electrical wire to it, feed the strong bike cable through first and use it to pull the electrical wire through. Another way to do this if you cant get a pen tube through the grommet is to use 15-amp car wiring loom wire, as this is strong enough that you can push it right through a slit in the rubber and it will come straight through to behind the dashboard
&gt; Early S/V40 up to ~2004 manual cars can have issues with 5 gear, at least on the petrol version. There are three different (entirely different, unrelated) gearboxes in the 1996-2004 S/V40 All cars 1996-1999 except the 1834cc GDi have a Renault gearbox. This one has gear engagement problems due to bad washers in the gear stick mount. 1.6 petrols right through to 2004 have the Renault gearbox and have the problem throughout. Volvo 1.8 (non-GDi), 2.0, 2.0T and 2.0T4 engines 2000-2004 have a Volvo M56 gearbox, same as a V70, and no gearbox problems at all. Diesels from 2001, I believe, have the M56 gearbox and no problems GDis have a Mitsubishi gearbox, same one from 1996 to 2004, and its flawless, in fact its the same gearbox used in a Lancer / Carisma
yeah but Ronald McDonald had got time for you ^sorry ^it ^was ^impossible ^to ^resist
I crashed a mondeo in 2003 and since I knew my employers would be disposing of a whole fleet of identical Mondeos in a few months time (and I could have my pick of them) I bought a 1.8D Ford Escort as a runaround. It had 60bhp, and you'd know it had 60bhp if you were racing off the line to 60mph. but in-gear it had a broad, steady and tractable range of torque that let you rumble around hardly ever changing gear. It didn't have the peaky roar throuhg the useful 2000rpm that a turbodiesel gives you (1300rpm to 3300rpm, change, repeat, repeat...) It started making useful amounts of torque at 800rpm and pushed through to 4500rpm quite comfortably Fuel economy was a consistent 55mpg
Royalty travels faster than light.
nobody's ever said that before
diode across the signal output , where the breakdown voltage of the diode regulates the max voltage ? EG you could trim this to exactly 0.65v high by shorting it to ground through a 1n4001, or get higher voltages with either multiple diodes in series or a zener?
Probably the catalytic convertor (400-500 centigrade) set the dry grass on fire after the vehicle sank in too deep
I do 20 through housing estates no matter the speed limit. I don't kill kids. And I don't obey any speed limit below 20mph either.
Yeah. The estate where I live is quiet and has play areas bounding the road through it. My neighbours grandchildren and children play there. And they are too used to it being a quiet estate with no through road....
It's not really ironic that a business with a century of specialising in selling energy for vehicles is best at....well, doing just that
Yes, it's possible. Basically you need to add a modern-spec ECU to the car. If your car is a type where a variant of the same engine exists in an OBD-2 car, this will involve a wiring loom transplant from a more modern car and fitting the ECU, dashboard, security system and sensors from the modern vehicle An alternative is an aftermarket programmable eCU, whihc you would add to the existing vehicle electrical system, connecting sensors to its inputs, relays and injectors to its outputs, configuring to match the specification of the vehicle and then simply plugging an OBD-2 management port into one of the ECU's spare CANBUS interfaces. Neither of these things is easy or fast. Both have been done, and can be done. The programmable ECU is easiest in terms of wiring but hardest in terms of programming as the vehicle would need to either be tuned, or be allowed to self-tune over time. The full electricals swap - where possible - is hardest in terms of wiring but should be plug-and-play
Thats how a lot of non-removable steering wheels do it as it happens. No wires, just sliding contacts. Your issue is more likely to be about airbags. Technically the law says that the airbag monitoring circuit must not be showing an error, to pass an MOT, but if you've obviously removed an airbag where a car had one, many MOT testers would fail the vehicle. Some people do pass MOT with a resistor wired in to make the car think an airbag is present.....
Ohm is where you lay your @
There is one option open to you There is a limit to how much you can put in a pension any year - but unused allowance can be carried over for a while Could always dump as much as possible of your savings into a SIPP so its locked away until you are 55... then put the rest in fixed period savings. And see if you are still as attractive to her
Username *definitively* checks out
Misspelling is traditional with KR tats.. *Highlands industry, that is what we are....*
More to the point, has it had an oil filter?. Ridiculously difficult to change on an IS200...
I found an hour too long, and moved house because of it to be under half an hour from the office. Since moved again, and am 30-45 minutes away depending on traffic &amp; thats proving just fine in the way that 50-60 minutes didn't
Former UK leader of the opposition Jeremy Corbyn got divorced over the choice of school for his kid, even high profile politicians are doing this....
The mixer tap isn't ever found fitted downstairs in British houses that pre-date the 1980s - they all have separate hot and cold water taps to prevent hot water from storage tanks polluting the cold mains-fed water
I had this. I just answered the door and stated that we would not participate or reveal any data under any circumstances, even if legal compulsion was attempted. NS never returned.
It's possible that if they find that someone who is volunteering (with the vulnerable?) was once suspected of murder or manslaughter, they have a legitimate right to enquire. Difficult cases arise where public interest in protection issues clashes with rights to privacy
Typically university dorms have a contract which is a *licence to occupy* a room rather than a *tenancy* and as such occupants have few of the rights to quiet enjoyment that would be enjoyed by *tenants*
&gt; no one sells a 25v charger! This must be some Segway BS thing. 25v 1.5a is in the range of a lot of laptop chargers. Might just be a matter of chopping the wire and grafting the old plug on
&gt; Unless you have a very small mortgage then the majority of your monthly payment goes on interest rather than repayment. Huge mortgage here, 22 year term. Monthly repayment is currently 65% capital, 35% interest.... and will only increase the capital repayment per month
And the metropolitan line ends at Amersham in the Buckinghamshire Chiltern hills. And used once to run to Aylesbury which is bordering on being in the Midlands
Soviet 7-pixel camcorder. Indestructible.
I have. There's nothing more satisfying to feed into a woodchipper
I bet they lay everyone off just before the hypothetical market salary would be payable. This proposed contract is modern day slavery. It's outrageous
Raleigh 1970s pedal design. Aftermarket modern headlight, I bought one of those new just a few years ago - mine also flops forward and is no longer used (junk). Frame looks like the standard design Raleigh used but this ones missing the usual mounts for a pump. Tyres appear to be modern Raleigh whitewalls. Handebar grips are the same as on a modern Raleigh Caprice I'd say this is a modern rebuild of a 1970s or 80s frame, probably built in the last few years using a mix of current aftermarket, authentic Raleigh supply chain and vintage parts. Whats the date on the hub gear? My assumption is it will be a Sturmey-Archer AW? Aesthetically, thats a very attractive bike and one I'd love to have found for myself.
The vintage versions of that headlight have knurling or a knurled washer on the mounting plate so they stay straight against a steel headlight mount. The modern aftermarket ones have a flat steel mounting plate meaning they flop forward when coupled to a vintage headlight clamp. OK,I made an assumption based on the headlight orientation.....
For low mileage use I would say to consider buying a pre-2001 car, where the annual road tax will be limited to about £285/yr due to not being on the emissions based system. Big savings there..
dont know if they are dragonflies or damselflies but more than I have ever seen of them - Hertfordshire/Chilterns. Blue, green and red ones.
It is substantially true actually. Of the non-elderly people who got seriously ill or dead, just about all were diabetic, fat, immunocompromised or had serious heart or lung conditions. If you are of a plausible weight for your height and age and non-diabetic, and not affected by other serious illnesses (which given that diabetes is mainly a result of bad diet, often accounts to the same thing), your risk factor for Covid is lower.
My everyday vehicle is a 2.3 litre Saab convertible from 1998, for exactly this reason
Free bin bags
The 4wd Audi TT MK1 golf is not an entirely uncommon conversion, there are a few around and established methods to build it published over ten years ago.
You can't swap a chassis from one car into the body of another. That's entirely impossible. What you can do is put the engine, gearbox, prop shafts and diffs from one into another's chassis-body construction. The basic engine block of the 1.8 litre TT dates from the 1970s and was originally used in the MK1 Golf GTi. That's why both are 1781cc. Engine mounting points are compatible. A lot of other mounts need fabrication though... And don't get me started on the wiring and the exhaust system rerouting
When you have all wheels off the ground, the brake pads are less effective
&gt; Yeah, that's a good way to kill yourself Hill riders everywhere: &gt; This is a good day to die
I have a singlespeed and a ten-speed. Both somewhat vintage steel frames. On hill routes there's no difference in the overall speeds they make. I will allow that a while of S/S riding leaves you more able to create torque at lower RPMs and this is probably a difficult transition for some people, but before my S/S was singled, it was a 3-speed Sturmey-Archer AW hub-gear drive - and already very high-geared as a result. My S/S ratio is about equivalent to 2nd gear on the AW hub.
3 speeds is two too many, sometimes. I still have the AW wheel. It might go back on, sometime... [mine's a 1980s Triumph built to a 1950s Raleigh design](https://imgur.com/a/TUICz97)
First thing to know. Bottom bracket threads are almost always 24TPI (*threads per inch*) on the BBs you can buy from the shop. Raleighs made before about 1985 *always* have 26TPI threading on the bottom bracket. If the BB goes, you wont be replacing it with anything other than another vintage Raleigh part unless you can either find a threadless BB that fits or a vanishingly rare cartridge BB that fits inside the original Raleigh BB cups. However, these BBs are strong. It will probably be fine. DO NOT remove the crankset unless willing to replace the bottom bracket. It's a cottered crank, you remove it, you need new cotter pins to refit it... You can use modern MTB brake cables inside the original Raleigh brake cable sheathes. You should do this. The Raleigh brake cable outsides are bigger than modern MTB brake cables, if you try to replace the entire cable you will need to replace the brake handles as well as they won't interface... Oil the hub - pop the oil cap and drip some oil in. On the toggle chain that changes gears, there's an adjusting screw. Use this to tighten up the chain until it changes gear. Chain. 1/8th-inch width. Same as modern singlespeeds. If the gear changer cable breaks, you can get a replacement adapter that has a brake-style clamp for the 3-speed cable on it, much easier to fit than the classic crimp type. Tyres. 26 x 1&amp; 3/8s HOWEVER this is not the same as the classic Schwinn 26x 1&amp;3/8ths. Those tyres wont fit this bike. The type that do are also known as 650A. Have fun. 3-speeds are fun.
Wifeys car is kept fully charged by a 15-watt 18 volt solar panel. The panel was cheap, theres enough sunlight to keep the car brim-ful of electricity, stops the battery ever getting dangerously low. At one point we didnt start it for 6 weeks and it started instantly
Something about the 26x compatibilities - EG, 26x1.5, 1.75, 1.95, 2.0 all being on the same rim size but 26x 1&amp;3/8 (British) 26x1&amp;3/8 (Schwinn), and 26x1&amp;1/4 being different rim sizes? And how you won't always get a 26x2.25 Fat Frank into a bike made for 26x1.75 MTB tyres even though both are 559mm?
Brakes. Yes. Chain.. I actually use that brand myself on my vintage Raleigh. Chains are always too long. You use a chain tool to shorten them to the right length and connect the ends...
Trains are autopilot. However thats a tramcar. For very obvious reasons (they share public roads for parts of their journey) they are fully manual.
Clearly he wanted his front teeth in his ear canal. And got it....
I can think of one very simply way to do this. Get 2 double-pole double-throw relays. And 2 single-pole double-throw relays DPDT relays. Connect the two wiper contacts of one to both wires of the left hand indicator, and the two wiper contacts of the other, to both wires of the right hand indicator Conect the 2 normally closed contacts of each to the car's loom wires to each indicator. Now, while both relays are NOT powered up, the indicators work off the car's normal wiring for them Wire the "normally open" contacts as follows. Relay 1. One to battery positive. Relay 2 - one to battery negative. Other two "normally open" contacts - wire to the equivalent contact on the other relay. When both relays are engaged, the two indicators will be connected to the battery in series, and therefore run at exactly 10.5 watts. Or half-brightness. And this uses exactly half the power of having two resistors dissipating 10 watts and getting very hot inn the process. SPDT Relays LASTLY.. connect the third and fourth relays to the indicator loom from the car and set to interrupt the power to the first two relays if the car indicator circuit goes live - so the coil feed to your DPDT relays goes thru the Wiper and the Normally Closed contacts of the SPDT relays Then the indicators go back to full brightness flashing if you indicate.
They are the last really reliable VW TDi engine. So people don't sell them, as they'd be replacing it with an inferior design
Nothing says "freedom and independence" like all your shit getting rained on while you deliver it
Moved house last year to Hertfordshire - 2 households into one, wife from London and self from Slough. I got a big room from Big Yellow in Watford and over the 6 weeks prior to move-in we moved most of our portable possessions into there, as we did the move without a removals company and just hiring a big Transit for one weekend. Very helpful place. We lied about the value of goods to avoid their mandatory insurance premiums.
Given commentary about emerging correlations between obesity and severe/mortal symptoms, it's interesting that the article quotes a comparatively low possible mortality rate of 0.3 to 0.5% - given that Romania is a country not known for obesity
&gt;I’m not really sure if this question is even answerable It isn't. Although certain generalisations are possible - EG, a 6-cylinder 2-litre engine will almost always give a smoother power response than a 4-cylinder 2-litre of the same power output
Yeah. Even if it's only 50-percent effective, if it's available this year &amp; passes safety tests, its worth distributing as it'd help reduce the rate of spread during the 6 to 12 months required to develop and mass produce another vaccine
I didn't know I needed this
All I can say about this is, with respect, equality of opportunity and equality of outcome are not the same thing. One takes negligent account of social factors. The other requires choosing to disadvantage people on the basis of their race. A line should be drawn between the two. *Very carefully*
Cultural vacuity. There's no intellectual depth to anything popular any more.
Is it a square taper? could just be that the chainset isn't far enough onto the taper, and could be fixed by greasing the BB taper, refitting and properly tightening the crankset retaining bolt
700C, right? probably 700x35c on the current ones? Things you want. A smooth tyre centre for road use. Strength against punctures. Decent amount of grip I also run a hybrid as does my wife and and do a similar mix to you - abandoned railway lines, canals, public green spaces and moor paths, and a lot of roads. I use 700x38C Schwalbe Land Cruisers on hers. Mine has a 700x40c Land Cruiser on the rear and a Marathon Plus 700x35c on the front. I think the Land Cruisers cope better with mud than the Marathon, which is also a bit leaden. LCs are also silly cheap, think I paid £12 each for them, and they have kevlar anti-puncture belts built in They have a broad centre running strip for road use and knobbles to the sides. I used LCs on a mountain bike for years with very few punctures and also a lot of road use. [Here's a picture of my bike giving a comparison of the tread](https://imgur.com/a/qUTpvQ9)
I'm pretty torn on how best even to handle the optics of this. the BLM people are right - the killings of black people, particularly in the USA - need to be noted and objected to But we now know that black people are more seriously affected by the current outbreak... reasons exactly, unknown - if these protests against the losses of black lives in the USA take place, it is possible that among the consequences will be more black deaths from CoVid19, here in the UK. Difficult one to sell, though....
We'll send flowers to your funeral. Its the ones like you who get killed. Try not to take any innocents with you.
The minimum standards new residential property must adhere to are excessively low. If you want better quality accommodation, legislate for it. Make it illegal to sell any new flat without a set minimum interior volume, minimum amount of light, minimum access to amenities.
Believe me, I will be blaming both. Protesters for being wannabe Typhoid Marys, and the Government for not clamping down hard upon them and everyone else doing stupid things
Its quite an appropriate cut off The next few lyrics of the song Ave Maria translate us "pray for us sinners / at the moment of our death"
Something we learned here in the UK in the 1980s is that if you are in danger of being surrounded by mounted police at a protest, bring a pocketfull of marbles. Roll them under the horses, if enough people come prepared to do this, they'll go down. Mounted police will usually retreat before marbles because they dont want their horses hurt. They care more about their fucking horses than the public they're meant to protect
City Jets come in a 1.5 wide version as well
Wide and I started out by doing a mile, and worked up to four miles, now every week we do a planned route that's two miles longer than the previous week route. Currently up to 16 miles and we have only been riding together for two months, she was a non rider prior to this
7-way multi-tip screwdriver. Was about £4 in a superstore well over a decade ago. Also, multi-head Halfords portable spanner
Seal of approval : denied
With respect, death to nazis. Letting them use free speech usually ends up with freedom itself being removed.
Translation: "Covid19 is most probably only fatal to people with underlying health conditions". But we really can't go around saying that. Public health in this country is so poor, that its going to be fatal to a lot of us or our loved ones. And the state of the debate on public health means,if we tell our fat and unhealthy-living (smoknig, heavy drinking etc) friends/family they need to improve their ways, we just end up branded as ****holes and with fewer friends. (Fewer yet once a few of them die)
In the light of the current epidemic, of which 70+ percent of victims are overweight, we can improve the environment at all such establishments by a simple rule that people with a BMI over 28 will not be served
I saw a post elsewhere in the UK CV sub about how some people had effective t-cell protection due to a related betacoronavirus that has circulated in Europe undetected in recent years.
Dying on a ventilator can certainly ruin your summer
So were David Icke and Andrew Wakefield. Balance didn't bring Darwin and Newton to prominence. Being right did
https://imgur.com/a/hKgHChd This is what you need. eBay will provide. "Pannier mounting adapter". Bolts onto the bridge between rear struts. Adds eyelets at the right place for a standard pannier rack. Photo is of the adaptor bolted to my wife's bike just before I added the rack off my old MTB
Mustafa Findik. Turkish, obviously.
To Alice Kaseltzer ? (Al...)
I love their refusal to bow to what other people would rather they be like.
Brought up in Yorkshire for a while too though
That's genius
Do you have a high 4-figure budget? if not forget even looking.
Love it! Also, I'd say, anything can be made mountain-bike-esque. Availability of semi-knobbly 700c tyres (Schwalbe Landcruiser) and smaller front cranksets has made the pair of Raleigh Pioneer Classic hybrids that wifey &amp; I run very adaptable for local moorland paths. They are also both refitted with cruiser bars - we get odd looks while bouncing along rutted tracks on them. I used to use my 1987 Triumph 3-speed cruiser for the same sort of paths.
The quill is...... the wrong way around. Original.Probably has an interesting effect on the handling....
Noisier than poles, less prejudiced than Russians, good fun in small doses
Yeah, the writer needed to mention every possible outcome - even the staggeringly implausible ones - because if he missed the one that actually happened the article would be forever associated with him &amp; damage his career.
Lovely! Very nice achievement and glad you enjoyed it. Chilterns resident here, so glad people still appreciate what we have here.
If it brings you joy, it may be worth restoring. Let me add some words of caution though. There's a hub gear there that may or may not have a hub brake built in (backpedal to brake) but no obvious front brake at all. You'll need one. Backpedal brakes have a critical flaw - if your chain snaps or drops off the chainrings, you have no brake at all. Judging from the crankset (no cotter pins, no crank bolts) it's possibly a one-piece crankset and axle - a common Schwinn thing I've read. Upgrades and replacements may be tricky. Expect the possibility of non-standard wheelsets, tyres and tubes too - Schwinn used their own version of the 26x1&amp;3/8ths tyre size and modern 26x1&amp;3/8ths won't fit it if it is this.
VAT Systems Accountant. I design accounting systems that calculate VAT correctly in many different countries. The growth of my profession is linked to the growth of the economies in which multinational corporations (the only people I work for) operate. Currently shrinking fast. However many multinats will survive this mess and will continue to need people like me
That's the logic of a rapist. ^see? ^THAT'S ^a ^roast!!
Cycling around a volcano is pretty epic.. wish we had this sort of scenery near me!
If you lift it off the ground can you pedal it by hand and turn the wheels? Does this happen when not in contact with ground or only when under weight?
It's beautiful. It may be wrong, but it has an artistic grandeur and righteousness that lets us cast a blind eye to a technical breach of the rules
It's not really real until you do 100 Roman miles...
Every generation needs people to set good examples and others to act as horrible warnings. Well done to all the negligent parents for providing the latter
No you haven't
2 brake levers. And on my hybrid, also one gear changer
This bike was seemingly designed to prevent men from getting on it in the proper fashion :-p
Thank you for this helpful reply. i already have all the specs for the AW hub. ERD of the Raleigh TruBuild 26x 1.xx MTB alloy wheel is not listed anywhere I could find, and even if it is the mathematics is probably beyond me. I'm a techy, but I know my limits and don't stray beyond them. I am hoping someone's done a AW-steel-hub + alloy MTB rim build and can point me in the right direction regarding spoke choices. Even if their spoke length proves to be too long, once I have a wheel built I can always shorten the spokes and start all over again Not least because there's a metallurgical imbalance problem here - some spokes might rust very rapidly so I am keen to know what spoke-nipple-washer combo people actually used in successful builds
Was a single (3ft6 wide). Originally had a slide-out desk, I removed this &amp; the fittings for it, along with the high rails for either side and the ladder. Probably made by Stompa but it isn't branded. Could easily have 2 side-by-side with the ladders removed.
i love a yellow frame! Still miss my yellow &amp; silver 1998 Raleigh Max. I am so going to buy that again secondhand if I ever get a chance.....
It requires gumwall tyres to complete the look
Yeah. There are some inherent weaknesses - first gear for example likes to reduce itself to a loosely collated series of shards if used at full power, but the signal problem with buying an Impreza is that it's a car that people specifically buy to drive like a lunatic in. Its one of very few vehicles where I think the economics of buying it new off the dealership are better than buying it secondhand. Because that way you get full control of the rate of mechanical deterioration
If you want to buy a car with 150k miles, make it a large-displacement non-turbo petrol engine. With a 150k high-power diesel (anything over 70bhp per litre) you are running up against the expected lifetime of the high pressure fuel pump (120-150k), the lifetime of the (expensive) injectors, and possibly the turbo as well. Also worth considering timing belt lifetime (typically 7 years or 80,000 miles - so if the belt's been on there for 6 years and the car's done 110,000 miles, the belt is imminently due for change) A car's lifetime is measured in miles, not years. So are the lifetimes of most of the components. There are plenty 2.0 or 2.5 litre petrol cars out there that will still be purring happily along years after owners of diesels of the same age gave up on them due to a huge bill too many,
I imagine he's saying, load the weapon just before you plan to use it, and if you don't fire it, remove the ammo before putting it down/away/back in holster....
I would have been happy with 12mph over that sort of climb and distance. In practice I rarely exceed 11mph average and sometimes as low as 9mph average on long rides as running a steel frame on Land Cruisers ! To a large extent it depends what sort of cyclist you see yourself as. If you are happy and enjoying it, it doesn't matter. It's all adding to your strength, cardiovascular fitness and general ability
From a former Blairite, I mostly agree. The former leader had spent his entire career outside of society. He had little knowledge of the real world, just some ideas about how it should be, that had never encountered reality. His outsider attitude also seemed unseemly in a potential leader. Now Labour has a leader who knows the law, society, the system of government and how it interacts with society at a fundamental and highly technical level, and has great people skills, experience and personal gravity. This looks great for the party
If they are already covid positive... They are still more likely to die of lightning strike than covid
Shouldn't be serving people sitting at the bar though right?
An explanation I saw was that their bodies were clearing out bits of infected lung tissue from the first infection and got a second positive diagnosis from that shedding
Peaked brim hat, tweed jacket. It worked in the 1930s and it works now - keeps face sheltered &amp; dry, keeps rain off but breathes. You can get both together for a tenner in the right charity shop..
&gt;AJ I had to remember what his first name was... It is funny. "we voted against the other guy for fear of Russian power over us" "So who's the PM now" "Err.. Boris?"
Auto-Extending umbrella time. If they hadnt been within 2 metres, they'd still have both eyes, so they have no cause to look at you like that through the remaining one.
&gt; (facebook.com). Yes I know it's just a platform and in that sense no more significant than a soap box to stand on, but it's still comical in a way. Anti-capitalism just got monetised.
a ten-thousand ton train at ten miles an hour can roll a car over and over several times into the track in front of it. Leaving it crushed into a metallic sausage full of shredded meat. If the driver's lucky he got flipped clean aside though, in which case probably OK.
This is RESPECTABLE household! NO Vodka before 10am!
It almost looks like the virus is going nuts in all the places it hardly touched in April. Too soon to say if caused by paranoia or actual immunity in the now less-affected areas (London)
Keep seeing, chained up in the same place with badly rusted gears, a 1998 Raleigh Max Aero in canary yellow - the very same type and colour I bought new in 98 and had until it was stolen in 2007. VERY tempted to put a note on it offering to buy it and do an xbiking-worthy build with yellow bar tape on north road bars in place of the silver riser bars, shimano SIS levers in place of the twist grips, and gumwall Schwalbe CityJets in place of the black knobblies they came with...
This was on a SIS geared MTB of slightly antiquated design. Modern ones optionally have bigger axles
Its a regular 1990s Pioneer Classic 10-speed 700c British-built bike - a early hybrid - it's steel-framed and heavy but came sitting on 700x35c semi-slicks. I always wanted to try beach-cruiser american style handlebars on a bike. Also now has a 40c Schwalbe Land cruiser knobbly tyre at the back for grip to let me still cross mud and gravel tracks with it and a 35c Marathon Plus at the front for smoother running and steering... In the short term there will be a swap to a single 38-tooth front crankset, losing the front derailleur to save weight and adding steel pedals (only really use gears 1-5 anyway - the top gear ratio on the current setup (48:14 @ 700c) is 90.2 gear-inches and thats too high for a wide-tyred heavy trekking bike). In the medium term there will be a hub gear on the rear wheel instead of external gears.. then the back-dating will be complete. The bike is used for touring the Chiltern Hills, the panniers are for picnics.
Over the last 3 months (lockdown, WFH, more riding) my belt has moved 3 holes inward (say 2.5 inches off waistline) and my weight has reduced only marginally, a few kilograms less.
&gt; They don't care about minority rights. They must be made to.
Contact the seller and ask for the frame number while asking for other questions
On some bikes the frame number is concealed beneath the routing guide for the derailleur cable. It's not necessarily possible for uninformed sellers to take that off in order to find the number
You also can't win them without a believable policy platform and a leader who people can plausibly imagine having as PM
Yeah, I was trying to find the frame numbers for my Raleigh Pioneer recently to work out the exact year of manufacture and its under that damn cable routing guide. Stupid design decision
Nice! I am presently plotting a Raleigh Max-Aero build with tanwall gravel tyres, drop bars, bar tape... also a classic 90s CroMo frame that I think deserves more 21st-century love. just got to find the damn bike. I had one from new (1998) and it was stolen in 2007.. they are available secondhand, awaiting the right one. Hope my project comes out as well as this has
I guess the real question is, is his positioning too far to the right for people who joined the party under Jeremy's leadership? As for me, I joined it under Blair, and he isn't *too far* to the left for me. If both ranks can swallow it, we've got a viable party again. *If*
Slough. Teenagers on off-road motorbikes tearing up the residential streets and lunatics in black Honda civics.
i think someone forgot about John Smith and JC there :-)
Third: his shirt had a branding - "Motor Transport Company". This may have been a delivery of a customer's vehicle
You want gatorskin for tyres, not snakeskin
Check for battery hamsters. They can trigger this
No way I am going in a pub prior to widespread vaccination or proven herd immunity.
I think some countries required at one point that rear mudguard ends were painted in a reflective colour... it could be a region-specific variant.
it's a metaphor for their lockdown
I haven't cycled out that way, but I've driven all of Southern England one time or another in the last 25 years. I'd be tempted to head west out of London along the A4 corridor as far as Newbury and only then start going south-west, as it avoids some pretty epic hills in the western part of the South Downs that way. I don't know if this would be faster or easier than just taking the hills and the shorter route toward Southampton, though. You'd still have to deal with some ups and downs between Andover - Salisbury - Lyme Regis where you'd pick up the coastal route all the way along to Exeter. I would not cycle on the A303 however tempting it looked as a short cut as it's dangerous.
it hadn't occurred to me that even a mild solution of alcohol is bad news for viruses.
South America typically isn't a dry heat though is it? High levels of atmospheric moisture.
Same happened to me, had to get LBS to Dremel it off in pieces. I spent hours bunny hopping around the garden trying to shake loose the crank without results first
Big words. But this is Britain, so not going to happen.
Could it be the effect of habit? Make people live carefully for 21 days, and its an odd era they soon forget, make them do it for 21 weeks and it becomes normalised and they retain the habit longer? The idea of going to lean on the bar to drink a pint among a group of other drinkers horrifies me now.
I wonder if it might be best to start with 2 and give half the wants-to-be-immunised population one, and half the other, as soon as they're proven not to be dangerous.
Les Velos, I think....
it's effectively gatekeeping. I really hate gatekeeping....
getting his yackety Sack out
Its almost like we should expect higher standards of behaviour from Labour's representatives in the same way we expect higher standards of policy
heavy weights in opposite quarter of vehicle ?
I tend to find that going up hills slows me down by 30 to 50% depending on the hill but going down them speeds me up by 100-200%. For me the hill route is almost always faster
I'm not sure thats a universal law. I'm confident I'd always be quicker on the hill route if of equal lengths.
Nice bike! Keep going, and nevr judge yourself, just enjoy the achievements as they come. Strength isn't what gets you the distance, or the personal best time, or the KOM on your best day - strength is what gets you through your worst day. You've done that already, time and time again.
Forget the seatbelts, I got freaked out by the lack of masks ;-)
See, this is the case when it's fine to just put a bullet in them...
Other postings by the OP suggest they're in Utah
"Random Hills" sounds like an ideal destination. WD, keep it up :-)
Office is open again from this week. Attendance will not be required, its there as an option. And even if a full return to office working occurs, attendance will only be required 2 days a week Office has been redesigned to be 100% hotdesk, all 2-metre isolated and cleaned daily.
Turns out feral human beings do exist. Wow
I would visit a restaurant if I knew that more than 60% of the country had either been vaccinated or have antibodies and that situation had been in effect for more than two months. I might visit pubs sooner if I could sit outside more than 2m from others and didn't have many others nearby
It's understandable, even if it is unforgivable. The closer a person is to the breadline, the more temptation they have to try to go to work, and the less stake they feel they have in society and buy-in to society's needs
Typing pool
To an extent.. More, that the general way people die has shifted in the last 5 months. Traffic has halved, so the numbers who die in car crashes has reduced. Job stress has reduced, so the numbers who die of heart attacks and strokes has reduced. Air has got cleaner, so numbers who die of asthma have reduced. And a lot of 80-somethings and 90-somethings who would have breathed their last this summer anyway died in the early stage care home outbreaks. So they aren't in this weeks figures, when otherwise they might have been. Meanwhile cancer patients are probably over-represented because they havent been going to hospital for their chemo/radio therapy :-(
Well heart attacks are one of the biggest killers of brits - 6 figure numbers every year, 13000 a month. So a reduction in that alone could make a statistically significant change in monthly totals. Car accident deaths run at about 150 a month so less significant. Deaths through air pollution are estimated at 3000 a month I was trying to give illustrative examples of how the numbers change. That ought to have been obvious. So I picked a few hugely significant numbers and a few less so ones
