Anyone else &gt; GSW &gt; Rockets &gt; Lakers It checks out
Oh yeah, the Diablo Immortal announcement. I'm a bit surprised we're still crying about that tbh
Steve married his mailbox in an episode of Blue's Clues.
I decided in my misspent youth that it was very important for me to emulate my favorite dinosaur, the pachycephalosaurus. They were so cool! They had thick skulls and would slam into stuff with their heads. Sometimes they'd slam into each other if they were competing for mates, whatever that meant. If a problem came along, the solution was ALWAYS headbutt. Tetherball? Headbutt. Annoying kid? Headbutt. I once drank three of those shitty little cartons of milk in the span of 5 minutes because calcium is good for bones, and my skull is good for fixing everything wrong in a 3rd grader's life. It ended when I pulled several muscles in my neck trying to push a kid off the jungle gym with my head in a poorly thought-out mash-up between the dinosaur world and American Gladiators which I had the infinite wisdom to call "Dino Gladiators." Dumb as shit, man.
&gt;they are businesses Sure, but- what if they reported the news to inform people instead of to generate profit? Hear me out- what if people did things because they're important instead of because they're lucrative?
Thanos did nothing wrong.
Your new mods Triple H and Steve Austin
EXPLORE YOUR SHAPES 2019
True But inappropriate
The intro to this show just makes me happy to be in a world where the show exists And then I get to watch it
Shift your understanding of purpose from "ooh money" to what will actually help improve society. "Staying in business" is becoming an antiquated concept.
This is the most Colorado shit I've ever read.
How about the Raptors?
Her personality sure didn't do her ideology any favors...
Ritalin. Stolen cigarettes. The usual.
This explains all the mood debuffs
The entire of the album "Keep It Going" by Mad Caddies. A love of ska makes the album better, but is by no means a prerequisite. Also, keep your chin up. Now is a great time to focus on you, what you want, and what you need.
Didn't he write on a toaster or something
I just use an mp3 that's already on my phone.. does not everyone do this?
&gt;Analysis LOL
This sub would've agreed with you a few months ago before the top comments were taken over by salty morons. Too bad, really.
Breaks Rule 5. And since when has meter been indicative of whether a post should stay up?
The part where I'm a teacher.
Fight me
This is really well laid-out, accessible, and gives me a good place to start with planning teams out. Thanks for your work!
Irony
You seem like the type to complain that the top-right pixel of Pokemon X is FFFFE8 when it should be FFFFE0. Plus, OP made a resource. There's a caveat to the information, but the information is still accurate. Or would you prefer another suggestion / "I can't log in" post?
Weirdly enough, your anxiety is probably feeding into itself. I feel this way as a classroom teacher sometimes, and kids FEED on the uncertainty. I'm sure your teammates are probably doing something similar, especially considering the inherent sexism in the gaming world. It's like Caillou- it's stupid, but it's there and there's nothing you can do about it. I think what others are saying, go ahead and do it and practice, will help. I remember playing in Scrub Cup against a team with a really strong female shotcaller who clearly had not only practiced, but was very confident and assertive. Her team followed suit, and she was really the only person calling shots. The others deferred to her. It was nice to see. So, while it's uncomfortable, keep going. Solo-q is a shitshow for most people- most will mute anyone they find being toxic in an attempt to stay untilted. If nothing else seems to work, I'd say look for a female-only community. My wife was on Hunters of Artemis for a while, and she had a lot of people to play with that she could feel confident enough to shotcall with, knowing they wouldn't try to tear her down, undermine her authority, or shatter her confidence because of her gender.
I'm having a productive day after a week of depressive shutdown, too- whatever's going on, or if it's nothing going on at all, BE PATIENT with yourself and give yourself the time you need to get back to work. This looks amazing, by the way. I'm garbage in the kitchen and have to rely heavily on recipes- do you mind posting recipes for what you made here? &lt;3
What's crazy to me is that strength of schedule isn't considered or even acknowledged for the end-of-stage playoffs. Sure, we know that VAN and SFS are at the top from what we've seen in the playoffs, but... who had any idea HZS was over NYE? That SHD was over SEO? Now I understand your ratings aren't 100% infallible- but they do give us way more information than the current OWL format.
In a team based game, you shouldn't have trouble coordinating to counter Bastion.
This is a wonderful story- it shows not just her willingness to work for a better marriage, but your willingness to be patient and to honor your commitment. I feel like this is where my marriage needs to go eventually. I'm just not sure if there's anything that will cause that realization; we may be too far gone for talk of divorce to even matter that much.
No. Not that she'd be surprised or that it would change anything.
The question is whether the behavior perpetuates or exploits the rules set forth by the patriarchy, and I think the answer will vary from person to person. Though it'll usually be both, which is better than just the former. Regardless of sociopolitical conflict... &gt;having control over the way that they express and partake in their own versions of sexuality is a freedom ...so, seeing as women are people, they are also entitled to this freedom. You're amazing, CancerousGrapes.
Tax corporations and fund some god damned public education
Buzzed and lonely
Licked wine off an engaged woman That might be the worst thing, but it also might not be
That's just a bump from where gf put clothespins on my scrotum No wait, that is cancer Aggressive cancer
The finals series was not missing your opinion
Do you think changing people via gene therapy is fairness? It sounds more like purity and authority to me. Win hearts, not DNA.
I like your thinking World can't be broken if world doesn't exist
My grandma threatened to spank me once, I was maybe 4. I laughed in her face. She was not bluffing. I didn't stop laughing. I'm now a stubborn force-to-fuck-with that may or may not have a bit of a bdsm thing going on. Life is strange, but it's all we've got.
Suffer? Don't suffer? Whatever. Do your best.
Nope. No no no. I talked to a depressive friend about this once. He said "sometimes you really just want to die, and you have to focus on not. And then you just... don't." So don't. Trust me, life is pain and misery and doubt and jealous and pathetic, desperate begging for things you shouldn't even have to consider asking for... but it's also dogs and mint chocolate ice cream and the NBA finals are pretty interesting this year and kids need people to look up to and TV, oh man TV is such an amazing format these days and an existence without all of the things I love (music, fuck!!) would not be worth also having an existence without all of the things I hate. So what do you like, friend? Theoretical mathematics? Frozen yogurt? Cute animals? Tell me what makes this life amazing for you. Tell me why you're still here right now, what / who makes you cry when you think about not being around for it.
No. Work was my most effective way of ignoring my dissatisfaction with my social and home life. But it's summer vacation now, so I have nothing to throw all of myself into. I did some cleaning today and I feel better. But it's hard to shake off the dread of a failing marriage and dissolving friendships. Maybe I'll feel better in the morning.
Oh, hey again. Yeah, this. This is kind of a bitch, isn't it?
Give us something better than "white man good" and we can start a conversation. Or you can call everyone who disagrees with you a cuck. That seems like a great way to start the discourse.
Found the Lakers fan
Class revolution.
Had to buy crayons / colored pencils for a homework assignment
Just want to start over. Try again. From the top.
There is no closure ever. I just stop arguing because, at some point, expressing grievances to someone who won't respond seems futile.
To reclaim power over your oppressors. It's contradictory to you, possibly because you've never had to deal with oppression.
That's amazing. :)
Boy, that smelled good.
All forms of expression are 'lazy' in that they're meant to fulfill their functions efficiently. Fuck outta here.
Reinforcing identity is a function. Language changes to become more efficient. It's natural. Source: am linguist, but Reddit man get paid I guess
I don't feel the need to take a picture of the degree to appease someone who would assert that using a particular phrase makes me less credible. Carry on, mate.
Subscribe
What a stone cold boss
Seems like something similar to the original Gandhi bug
&gt;I don't know that I could fault them too much Are you fucking joking.
This sub isn't for disparaging people who play at a level below you. Please don't.
Twitter links are shit on mobile. Maybe you should relax your asshole.
If you're going to be a dick, Marchand, at least be good / win.
Protractory
Okay.
Ooh. Going with this.
Classroom in the U.S. probably, right? We're numb to oppressive regimes, having installed so many.
35% is low. You still have some faith left.
Imagine being this idiotically confrontational about online forum moderation.
I know reality isn't something you're on speaking terms with as a Lakers fan, but come the fuck on.
You are showing, at best, a fundamental misunderstanding of the wage gap.
Racist against whites.. oh man, is that like sexism against men or class warfare against the rich? You don't need to 'shape narratives' to make whites look like a group that benefits from past colonialism and present day systemic racism. White America has fucked up. Something needs to change.
Would you say instead that members of different races or genders have different earning potentials? Because that's what you get- either people are getting what they deserve or they're not. Basically eliminated... and with jo source to back up such an egregious claim. Get this nephew out of here.
I can't believe this is something I even need to discuss.
..what?
You know, regardless of what was or wasn't usual treatment.. don't be a fuck, and don't excuse people being fucks.
40k/yr driving a truck Job not going anywhere Lol
You are not my job. Get the fuck out of playoff mode and read the news, please. Read about BLM, voter suppression, reparations, affirmative action, hiring and legal decisions based on dialect, wage gaps, gentrification, legacy tuition, what the Confederate flag represents, poverty and welfare, White nationalism, social assimilation. I think Black conservatives less hate themselves and more.. wtf, I don't know. I don't know how you could be Black, have perspective, and be conservative. But I'd love to know more.
You already have nothing, though
Is it still a Microsoft browser?
You can go for currency, but it's going to fuck your happiness and fulfillment meters.
Pro tip at any ELO: don't get sucked into others' negativity. Including OP's.
"Ring. Got a ring."
Lakers already over
THE BRAIN NAMED ITSELF
&gt;organized general public Well that's your problem right there
What? He said that nazis are bad, and so are their opponents. Aren't you satisfied? /s
You realize that it's not Kobe beef unless it's served IN Kobe, right?
Can't wait to see the Pels in the postseason next year
This all sounds awfully familiar
Lakers aren't a playoff team
Gurantee Is that like a guarantee, but made by Kevin Durant I srsly don't know what you're trying to say I also didn't realize there was such a thing as an LMFAO god
4th graders are 10, acct is 7 years old It's not called mathemagics
Well, if you're older than 17, we have some serious problems.
No All Redditors are the same
Best Korean pizza place? Best Korean chicken place?
YES
Actually, most of us have been priced out. We've only recently managed to come back as the economy has improved.
I've never seen this one before! Maybe turn on your chill and don't get shitty over someone trying to post.
The imperative structure suggests I am not offering.
Don't cut yourself on that edge..
Nah- if I remove the stick from my ass, I'll use it to smack imperialists around. But honestly, you lot are being cunts.
The issue is that those of European descent shouldn't claim to be native. Which I fully agree with. But man, I am tired of people moving here and expecting here to change for them.
Just start reporting these clowns.
Thank you for your research.
If you don't think it's imperialist bullshit, then what's your problem?
Hopefully your epiphany will un-kill the detained children. Lesser of two evils... fucking Hell. Did you consider just not voting?
&gt;This tweet is old Petra is old. This tweet can't even order off a regular menu.
Great. You're a cunt. Wait, take-backsies! No damage done, right?
Yeah Just some rando's opinion Not like he represents the country or takes part in shaping policy No big deal guys, it's just someone's opinion
&gt;This tweet is old af Half a decade is not a lot of time.
Anyone who can read a fucking date knows when the tweet happened. Nobody is framing shit.
As in... this tweet isn't old. Holy fuck, are you broken?
Nice save!
&gt;yes you can build swastikas &gt; &gt; Do not be Racist, Sexist, or abusive to anybody
I don't know why you're so about Nazi apologism, but sure. Whatever you want.
I'm not interested in trying to convince kids that Nazis are bad. Do what you want.
What did I just read
Nicely done!
Cool, good to hear that their military chops are a bit better. I play on Prince (have for a while though I'm probably due for a promotion soon) and I was able to easily steamroll with the Zulu; the main issue being that my opponents were doing okay with tech, they just hadn't bothered to upgrade their spearmen and swordsmen! Kind of a buzzkill to Impi them all dead so easily. :/
&gt; he didnt build or defend with any wisdom Hmm. That's concerning.
And now, by some.
&gt;African Americans have Africa
We have a rep for doing good things with 2nd round picks.
Can we start a new subreddit for people who don't know the rules for subreddits? Like this and off-meter boottoobig?
N.W.A. had it right all along. Fuck the police.
Like, this motherfucker clearly did not both watch and understand Black Panther
If r/CrusaderKings doesn't already know my location they're gonna need to get a better spymaster
&gt;falling in line That's not very "of, by, and for the people" of you.
Doctors get commission from pharmaceutical companies, though.
"Because they'll pay me to prescribe it to you."
The point is to push pills, otherwise they'd be public service announcements.
&gt;I feel like I'm just sitting there doing nothing. Get up! Stretch! Make some tea! I get the feeling that those in the EU are less excited to be eaten by their sofas.
Sorry to talk like someone who hasn't given up yet.
Uh Opioid crisis
No. Defining a language is tricky- in reality, it usually comes down to borders, not linguistic features. However, linguists look at whether or not speakers of the two languages can understand each other. Scot's English is a good example. Try watching Trainspotting without subtitles. It's hard for most American English speakers to understand! This is where we tend to draw the line.
Then what are the other eighteen or so mutually unintelligible varieties in China? It doesn't matter what China declares- they are still different languages.
And linguists. There is actually a pretty massive difference and yes, it does matter.
If you were a syntactician, you'd know what an actual subset is. ♡
Indefinite article makes a difference: you can watch TV on your phone, but can you watch A TV on your phone?
Can we just replace WWE programming with this? And only this?
Having a CC hero like McCree, Mei, or Brig hang out with the tank line seems l I'll keep a good call. :D
&gt;people are going to start complaining about the game No! And on this sub of all places?
You can celebrate every day by deleting the app Along with your Reddit account
Man. Write a post to ask if AI has improved out of legitimate interest? Downvoted to hell. Meme shit? Upvote!
What the fuck are you doing right now? Step back, take a look at your behavior, feel ashamed, and stop.
Yes.
It's unverified at this point, and only for OWL season 4, but Reddit loves baseless speculation.
Old enough to have some command over how I spend my time. You?
For real. These are probably the same people saying "They're not concentration camps, they're detention centers" and "Iran probably deserves it."
So this is less about games and more a weird career flex.
&gt;You're the one who started Uh, nope. You came in with a stick up your ass regarding the amount of free time other people have.
Got it. You havent seen this dialogue in a while because your cell is too dark. Are you looking for something more suitable?
The payoff is that you don't have to live in the U.S.
&gt;can they really beat the Lakers? I recall hearing something similar last offseason after the LeBron announcement.
No.
I love this territorial claim thing. Linguistically interesting.
I wish it were only one day a week..
This is the right answer
Lol
I've been there, Frog. Started at 13, finally quit at 33. Took several attempts to quit, a few different methods. But I'm not here to lecture or make this about me. Keep it up! Express yourself, express away. 😄
Stealing is one thing. Stealing in China is a completely different thing.
&gt;No because I'm not an idiot Whoa, pro debate skills here
And fewer guns
Yeah, that's fair.
*had
This kills the Blues.
So glad he ended up going back in
Remember Rule 3, though?
SERBIAN CHRISTMAS
The chin is part of the head. The chin is part of the head. The chin is part of the head.
WAR IS BAD is generally not controversial
Weather and climate are not the same.
All of us every day. https://pbfcomics.com/comics/punch-bout/
/thread I think that's the point OP is trying to make, precisely
The entirety of civilization is based on cheating God / Darwin. Otherwise we'd be killing and eating each other for survival.
Sarcasm is usually conveyed with tone of voice You dont have tone of voice on the internet So
Why should China give you the opportunity to work there in the first place?
I S O M E T R I C
Ah, too bad. If only China had a reasonable immigration policy or protection for its workers.
LeT's TaKe A LoOk aT LuKa'S BiG NiGhT
The username clearly states that he is not Jokic.
Would've been better in caps.
Fuck Tony His thoughts are garbage And not even hot garbage
Against the Lakers? Sure. Absolutely. Please do.
People just want to be mad about Sword and Shield.
Tashlhyt Berber's phonological rules allow any phoneme to take the nucleus position Like wtf
Quick, do Ast per 36
This is nice to know!
In this language, consonants can be vowels.
No, you need positioning.
Roll for the Galaxy
Learn how to position.
Clearly.
Don't 1v6. Do position yourself well.
Big heals has diminishing returns. If supports only heal, then they don't provide valuable utility.
You're a shit. Life is hard.
Then why isn't Mercy / Heal Moira the meta? They have the most overall heals per second, don't they? Why isn't Ana's kit just heal darts? Why even have the anti-heal nade and the sleep dart if all we want from supports is healing? Utility is important.
I reckon such a comment could come from anywhere if you're acting high and mighty while having, at best, a tenuous grasp of what you're discussing.
Doesn't matter which team it's for; having your stuff stolen sucks. Don't be a shithead.
Gotcha 😄
Gotcha 😄
Gotcha 😄
Gotcha 😄
Gotcha 😄
Clear now, 4645
Open at 4645
Open at 4645
Gotcha 😄
Open at 4645
Gotcha 😄
Open at 4645
C+ Stars: Great use of this week's vocabulary (peasant). Steps: Double check your punctuation before submitting your tweet, particularly commas.
Isn't Bloodlines 2 coming out this year?
Rimworld has the spirit of Dwarf Fortress with a kinder learning curve.
Stardew Valley, Banished, Surviving Mars, Islanders
Darkest Dungeon Outer Worlds
I can fix that for you
False meritocracy
Ok marchand
We get it You bought your first jersey last June
Wtf This link just goes back to reddit.com
I don't fucking get it. So the writer thinks there are multiple fathers? Why are we contracting the third-person conjugation of *see*?
You don't actually need to know anything to hold a job down.
Apple in shambles
Oof... tough choice, but you made the right one.
And you should definitely see them headline their own show, not just a 30min set at a festival
Not reddit.com/r/apostrophegore Just reddit.com As in the homepage As in the entire site is apostrophe gore
And honestly, if they want to pull that shit, then I'm *going* to stream.
No thank you I'll have my usual two scoops of Boot
Brian is a meme and this topic is a waste of time. Why are we discussing this?
Wow, dirtiest shit I've seen since Perry's Walk of Shame hit.
Wherever you are, find a local board game shop, find a group on meetup.com, or look for local groups on a chat program called Discord. There's no way in Hell you're going to keep playing alone. ♡
AoE attacks will discourage opponents from clustering. Also worth considering the LoL model of having slow ranged characters and quick melee characters. At least a few.
I need to butcher another three or four humans to fulfill this colony's request. I hope someone attacks me.
Play without the mods allowing you to cheat. Start at a low difficulty and work your way up.
S T E W A R D S H I P G A N G
Two-time testicular cancer survivor here. Have tried multiple ways to undergo HRT. Testosterone can also be embedded via the Testopel pellet. An incision is made, the pellets are slipped in, and they slow-release over 4 months. Not my favorite treatment- the incision took a long time to heal for me, and I was prone to spikes and drops. Hated the topical gel and the huge, bulky, itchy patches too. Biweekly injections are good for me. I used to get 3 month injections, but nobody seems to know how to do them / where to get them anymore.
Compared to the Lakers in the past decade? Yes.
Let's flip this argument on its head; The Lakers haven't made the playoffs since 2012, and no amount of titles from before 1990 will change that.
Whatever. If you can't see the clear trajectory of both teams over the past decade, there's not much point in trying anything with you. Good luck this year. Thinking about an LAL / DEN playoff series makes me nostalgic. Would be fun.
Seriously. It's not hard to jointly budget and, God forbid, COMMUNICATE about what you want. Marriage is cool. My wife supports my hobbies, I support hers, and we're cool.
If reading the word "suitable" doesnt immediately remind you of THE OUBLIETTE, then yeah. It's possible your loading screens tell you nothing.
Idea: let's make a video compilation of Caruso's best floor squeaks and see how high Lakers fans upvote it
Nope. That'd be fine.
Show up as you are. If people don't like it, they can go to Hell.
*boots Crusader Kings II*
Sempyo (샘표) from South Korea. Had it once and never looked back. Nothing else in the States even touches it. Savory with a bit of sweet, perfect. ♡
Because Heinz is third place*. Just because they're the most well-known doesn't mean they're the best. *Source: https://thetakeout.com/a-blind-taste-test-to-determine-the-best-ketchup-1825133916
*checks title of thread* Russell Westbrook?
&gt;This sub is so fucking soft This sub is at least 50% Lakers fans who can't stand hearing "we dont need a highlight of LeBron missing a dunk on top of the other 30 Lakers highlights" So
DPS who aren't getting kills can sometimes be poorly supported by tanks and heals. It isn't always their fault. DPS who get deleted right away aren't grouping up or aren't positioning well. It is usually entirely their fault.
Sure, not every kill is a smart or meaningful kill. 1v6ing the opposing team and killing 3 before you die isn't going to help your team.
REIN IT'S DANGEROUS TO GO ALONE NO ABSOLUTELY DO NOT CHARG.. Okay guys regroup we dont have a main tank for this push anymore
The craziest part of this meme is the assumption that there'll be a 2024 after Trump 2020.
Final Fantasy Tactics. Bioshock.
A super cool one will, and if you make enough rice, it's worth it.
BuT wHaT aBoUt CaRuSo
Can vouch for this. Am around the 50p hour mark, still playing without mods, hardcore / no reload mode. Game is unforgiving and beautiful.
YES
Or running a neolithic drug ring and buying space-age laser rifles with the profits
&gt;moding
THIS IS SUCH A GOOD IDEA
&gt;Why do you feel so threatened by an accountant? Oh, being annoyed is the same as feeling threatened now. I'm tired of the meme bullshit and I want to hear about real basketball again.
R
You'd be surprised.
Unless she's a human and not an object to be possessed.
I tried this today and must've built too close to the ship, because mechanics came out and nearly ate my construction pawn. D:
&gt;she still died though She tried to melee a Thrumbo
Ugh, no I bet you're fun at parties
This sub is apparently too pure to make typo jokes. I love you.
Barton winds up briefly and thinks better of tossing the ball into the stands? Tech. Brooks swipes at Morris' eyes? That seems like a perfectly typical foul.
Alex Caruso
X B A N D
Whatever. You share a birth year with some of the greatest games to ever be released.
I came into the thread expecting a slew of jokes about it, as I would expect from any other subreddit. *Important self-care tip: separate yourself from your behaviors. Doing a dumb thing doesn't make you a dumb person. ♡*
Cable modems
I rented Final Fantasy III over and over and played it from start to finish this way. People used to be real.
No. God, no. The field of linguistics using the acronym AAVE - African American Vernacular English. Though it is sometimes referred to as Black English in recognition of the fact that 'African American' implies a sociocultural connection to Africa, something a good lot of Black Americans don't really have or relate to.
Sorry for your loss. The 980Ti is a great card.
Memes. Lakers fans.
Compelling retort. Here's mine: Yes, it was.
It looks like a scheduled loss with three starters and your backup C out
&gt;How does one stop it? How did it start? Why does it persist?
5/12 You're rounding up out of sheer hope
Married men of the pandemic are catching up
Get some sesame oil and brown sugar up in that teriyaki!
Especially considering that four men murdered Floyd
Ah, okay r/rimworld Just checking
That's when I stopped using this sub, tbh. The ACNH Exchange app for Android is a lot like turnip.exchange, but it has a captcha verification to prevent bots. Maybe you should check it out... ♡
So a pandemic makes it okay to ignore systematic murder of people based on race? Got it. Racism over.
You can't use commas based on syntactic structure, can you?
Wow.
Just like they love breaking unions
Walmart is basically just a bigger, more oppressive Target. I hardly count it as a "food store."
I'm in camp Squished Pentagons. That looks amazing.
HyPoCrIsY aT iT iS fInEsT
You bought something from us once Here, read this COVID-19 response email
I suggest a bunker comp to defend on this assault map
Whose job is it? Is it the job of minority groups to teach you and the general populace how to be accepting and rational, or is it the job of you and the general populace to out-educate your tired, old-fashioned bigotry?
...are we the baddies?
N'wah!
Perhaps if they exist with a single, evil purpose.. maybe they shouldn't exist.
Unless the support is overextending without communicating Then you end up with two dead teammates &gt;_&lt;
Sigh At the same time, nobody cares that you don't care
A corporation is an entity run by a group of people. Those people have the choice as to whether or not they push the button. The semantics of your argument do not make it a strong one.
Whenever I go to Walmart, it's because it's 3:30am and I need to make a makeshift microphone pop filter out of panty hose and an embroidery hoop. And no other stores are open.
I get where you're coming from, but GameStop died a long time ago. The culture of midnight releases doesn't have to, though.
Funny that you'd say that to someone with credentials in linguistics. I don't think you understand how to derive meaning from communication in a way that wouldn't impress robots. Good day.
Okay, but.. You know, I can call Musashi a personal hero of mine and never spend a day learning anything about swordplay
Negative thread, negative comments.
P R O T E S T Volunteer Also, you have Reddit
You read 1/3 of my post and then cried about being insecure about looking like a racist.
I'm suggesting that the police should have the slightest idea as to how de-escalation should transpire. Instead, there are several documented cases of police instigating violence.
There's a difference between a duty and a professional responsibility.
QUICK TO THE DEFENSE OF GUANTANAMO
The purpose is to show that people aren't going to fucking have it anymore. And no, I don't think that "the police must stop murdering Black men" *is* very vague.
What if I told you that if you can't find that person You can BECOME THAT PERSON &lt;3
Yes. Thank you for this.
Okay. Well, if there's something you don't love about yourself, work to improve / change it. If there's something someone else finds unlovable about you, then they're not the one for you. Don't apologize for who you are. Lay yourself out there. Tell people who you are, honestly and openly. And if they don't like it... fuck 'em. &lt;3
Read the whole article at 1x the speed Reread what you don't understand Then come back and discuss
Tone is not easy for language learners.
Your partner could wake up at 4:30 in the morning so you don't have to worry about more than the teaching.
I don't know I think it might be an idea to stop murdering Black people Let's start there
They literally said "defend the police" and your response was "nothing will make them happy." I really don't think an olive branch is appropriate. The time for symbolic gestures is over. Progress needs to happen now.
Any wholesome / positive streamers out there to promote?
Stuck on an island My escape from reality
Time to turn off creative production mode and turn on study mode. Find a particular skill you're lacking and produce to practice it. Your creative side won't be happy short-term, but you're going to find a technique or a sound or a skill that's going to inspire you in a new way. Don't focus on being creative right now. Accept that you're not where you want to be, and start taking steps to get there.
Easy fix Don't murder people
You couldn't theoretically say that a truck is carrying flammables? I mean, it's syntactically possible... I just wonder if anyone actually does it. EDIT: Evidence of "flammable" as a noun in the wild! https://i.ytimg.com/vi/1BY_S9Kctdw/maxresdefault.jpg
*Hypothetical*
Fucking success, troll.
Flair up, then!
Why are they rallying, and what are they doing with pockets full of seashells?
It sucks, sure. Avoid as teammate, report if necessary, on to the next one.
That's a different story though, isn't it?Report throwers and move on.
Yeah, absolutely. Surely we could make a giant multi-circle Venn diagram to help classify, and still run into cases where roles are hard to define.
Because the Trump administration is racist? Well then, that settles the matter of whether or not it's fair to accuse the Trump administration of being racist.
Why would the internship possibly hinder an intern's future? Don't mind me; I just want to see how deep the apologist rabbit hole goes.
Lol. Placed on leave? Investigating the post? It's right there. Fire the dude.
I think it's less the who, and more the what.
Shut your bitchmade mouth.
No. I think it's the butchering that upsets people, regardless of who is being butchered.
No.
This shit again?
Forgot to include the rootkit in the graphic
Damn. I was going to skip my workout today, but now I can't.
Choose a teammate (tank or other support) and stay with them. Focus on protecting them. This will make use of your damage and healing.
Jelle doesn't need ESPN That production is top notch
I would love to see data for the past 3 months
Wtf
Technically, you just used the word antebellum in English. It's called a loan word. Stop being a shit for no reason.
Cultural connotation.
Makes sense that Blandy would love it so much, then.
Who the fuck is leafy
Please note the lack of question mark. My comment was a statement.
Totally unprovoked n-bomb
Preach.
Randy Orton is still plenty problematic, but this thread is about his take on race relations in the U.S. You've been downvoted for the right reason- your comment was irrelevant and does not contribute to the discussion at hand. Perhaps the fact that Reddit used downvotes correctly is the source of your understandable shock and surprise.
It's a topic about this particular problematic issue. There are ways to use words to add your idea to the conversation. You did not. It's not that your point isn't valid, it's that you're leaping from one thing to another. And you're being a bit of a fuck about it.
Please tell me the online assessment mentioned in OP's data is anything more than a series of shitty little multiple choice questions.
Data shows 22 out of 22 "no cover letter" applications got no response whatsoever. Writing a cover letter isn't so bad. Paragraph 1: SHORT blurb about where you found out about the job and why you're interested. Paragraph 2: How do your skills match the job description? Paragraph 3: How does your personality match the work culture AND/OR how do your professional goals / beliefs match up with the company's mission? Paragraph 4: Request an interview / next steps.
Because it's the topic of the post here in r/dataisbeautiful Did you not look at it?
You mentioned that you're in HR and are currently looking to hire. Are you not familiar with the industry standard for an online employment assessment?
Just fucking automate it through Python and mail merge Beat those algorithms at their own game
I think Orton sucks. In ring and as a person. This thread is about race. Would you like to discuss his sexual assault charges?
Sometimes being drunk at 1am makes us the type of people that hiring departments deem worthy of food and shelter...?
Well, that helps me out quite a bit. Any company that would resort to using ATS to find the "best" candidates is nowhere I want to work.
Cool. You do you. But that was clearly for the people who are interested in cover letters.
Who says original doesn't mean fake
It can't be!
I never hear about Blue Lives Matter unless there are complaints of police brutality. Also, Blue Lives don't exist. The uniform comes off after a shift, and being a police officer is a choice, a constant choice.
If they're going to automate the reading, we may as well automate the writing.
Fuck
Gonna go out on a limb and say that, after reading the post, *winning teamfights* is valuable.
You don't know anything about my professional situation.
Ok boomer
What if I had the skill to be in the NBA, but I only played pick-up games at the park? That doesn't make me an NBA player. Even if you have the skill, you have to earn the rank.
This isn't really the place to complain about other people.
I'm a support main who is still trying to enjoy the game. It's not that I don't sympathize, it's that I'm here to learn from other people. "Ahhh a big mean dps said I'm trash" doesn't teach anyone anything.
The way the game is meant to be played /s
There is chaos within you.
Adversity is an opportunity for change.
Honestly, specific praise really helps. It's like the exact opposite of toxicity, actually. An earnest "thanks for helping us focus down the Pharah" or "my job was way easier with all the space you created" can keep people from being jerks.
This sort of defeatist attitude won't get you anywhere.
This is OverwatchUniversity. The point of the subreddit is to help each other improve. "Other people are bad sometimes" does not contribute to the conversation. Posts which do not contribute to the conversation get downvoted.
&gt;Also, it's more fun being a nice person. *THIS IS IT
At that point, I wouldn't dignify it with a response. Just leave it. I don't mind muting people if they do that stuff, either. Especially because they're probably not making calls, anyway. Better than trying to argue people into being positive.
Just mod it out, lol
And what did YOU do, exactly?
Booooo 서울 최고야
You've got to be a drunk or a boomer to think that the youth is just on the fucking couch.
Possibly because people at Game Freak were busy working on the game instead of browsing Reddit because they were really concerned about your opinion. If you don't like the DLC, don't buy it. I don't mind supporting continued development of Sword / Shield.
Working at McDonald's is an economically worse decision than being on unemployment at the moment. The problem isn't how people view it; the problem is with how it is. Also, comparative is "than." If you're going to bitch about the youth being lazy because you've failed to relate to them, you should at least put the effort in to use the appropriate spelling. Your sweeping generalizations are as boring as they are narrow-minded. The youth are spearheading a cultural revolution right now, if you haven't noticed.
&gt;Also, you don't know everything. And if you have a reasonably intelligent mind... ...you should be able to give a group of people benefit of the doubt. McDonald's doesn't pay a living wage and, therefore, shouldn't exist. I don't blame the youth for seeing this. I'm actually fairly proud of them. I simply find it unfair to dismiss an entire generation as lazy. That doesn't seem reasonable or logical to me. EDIT: You also made no mention of my point regarding youth activism, instead opting to attack my ad hominem.
I guess I'm just tired of seeing people cry for free content.
We have Molly and Olive Team Mollive is the cutest. Ever.
Romanization of southeast Asian languages is pretty rough, even when there is an official way to do it. Like, I hate what people do to Korean.
Quick play is a great place for people to play heroes they're not used to in a mock-comp environment, where everyone is trying their best but without the consequences that come with comp. That's what it's there for. Let people practice, do your best, okay go.
I live just down the street from a Target. I checked and the website said the store had 4 available. After about 15 minutes, the website said they were sold out. Went to the store, asked the person in electronics, and they had just received them in this morning's shipment. Check your nearest store in person.
A replica of the NWA Championship Belt?
Sounds horribly familiar, friend.
What? How dare you not feed?
The higher education quest line can actually provide free fast travel to the Asian servers. I did this and ended up having to multiclass, but it was totally worth it.
Are you here to learn or tilt?
I see more of a cultural divide than an actual, accurate "funniness" divide.
Grab a Kleenex, make a Xerox This is actually a linguistic phenomenon and is totally normal Don't fret :D
Hah! Nintendo went through a painstaking campaign to avoid all video games because called Nintendos, also.
I feel like there was a pretty hefty divide between mainstream culture and counterculture in the 90s, and depending which side of that divide you were on..
You don't know the lives of others. Stop talking like you do.
Especially when half the team is spawning.
Lol, there's been a fresh new Hell every week since the election.
"All movements go too far." - Bertrand Russell
You honestly can't tell the difference, though? Naming games with white male protagonists wouldn't even make a point because they're so painfully commonplace.
There are more games featuring white males as protagonists than anything else. This is my point- white male is the 'default.'
The systems need to be looked at. But "everyone was doing it" is a piss poor excuse. Everyone is ultimately responsible for themselves. Our identities are shaped by our environments, but also by our *responses to those environments*.
Yeah. You settle shit out of court when you know you're guilty. You give the victimized party a fuckload of money and that's the end of it. Kind of shitty that someone's fucking horrific behavior is accepted as "settled" simply because he had a lot of money.
&gt;its the MERCYS fault for not switching &gt;I'm not blaming anyone EDIT: These are not the same people, lol
FAN CLAIRVOYANCE
Fml Is there a mod to not even open the game
Nah, companies settle when they don't think they have a shot at winning a dispute. Usually time and publicity have nothing to do with it.
I fully agree.
I love this!
Thanks for this. Twitter links are cancer on mobile.
&gt;The systems need to be looked at. But also, if news gets out about the industry and prevents people from participating in the industry, then it forces people to look at the industry to change it. But, just like I told the last person who thought I didn't understand that the systems need to be dismantled; I fully agree.
Face Shop products are serious business.
Surprising lack of "where's the evidence?!" posts in this thread.
How do you come to that conclusion from the presentation of the data?
There's always that one dickhead that attacks you IN DEATHMATCH
From a sociolinguistic analysis point of view: One would say something like that in order to secure their identity as a knowledgeable gamer, while perhaps gaining some amount of status from anyone who overhears. This behavior also serves to reinforce the social norm that gaming, particularly pen and paper RPG, is not for women. This guy knew exactly why he said what he said, and it makes him an entire asshole.
In the grand scheme of things, the American left is also fairly conservative. I would also be interested in finding how school funding has changed in relation to mean property tax or land value of a given area. I would also be interested in an article showing a correlation between intelligence and testing scores, as well as mean family income and test scores, as well as ethnicity and test scores, and finally first language and test scores. Policy has been overwhelmingly harmful to the field of education.
But that's only going overboard *from your cultural perspective*.
Okay, but... there are. We can't control what Nintendo does, but we *can* control how we work within the parameters of our context.
I won't have more than 2-3 standinf invitations / visitors at a time. I prefer to have two on the island at any point, but will invite a third if one of aforementioned two is taking their sweet time. My queues move fast, people get their transactions sorted, and everyone's happy. Seven would be an absolute nightmare.
So let's say we count your $500 startup cost. Hell, make it $600. Plus the game, $660. We've already calculated that movies run about $5 an hour. A $660 setup for 400 hours of Animal Crossing comes to $1.65 an hour. Still winning, and that's assuming you don't pick up Civ6 and dump another 400+ hours into that game.
My bad. Yeah. 12 hour AAA games don't quite cut it for me. I'm all about replayability. Though games like Civ, Slay the Spire, etc. could help "water down" the cost of the 12hr AAA game.
Emphasis is on the second syllable for the Karen people, though. So it's not a big deal in speech.
Lolright, then! Consider me semi-corrected. If it works, it works!
This is incredible. Thanks for the post. ♡
Will never understand why people like you leave yours.
That ə is called a 'schwa,' and it's a lax central vowel that sounds a lot like 'uhh.' Why do people use phonetic spellings if they don't know how to read them? 😶
This is lovely. Oh, how I wish the U.S. had a more functional government.
BUT DONT YOU WANT TO SEE MY LOW EFFORT MEME ABOUT THE BUG OFF AND THE BUGS THEY ARENT THERE COME ON LOOK AT MY MEME
Then imagine complaining about the complaint post
If reading posts about the game puts you off from playing the game, I would be surprised if you played at all. Seriously, this sub really seems to hate playing Animal Crossing.
Gun culture, PC culture, and sucking at both. All in one cute little meme. Seriously, why is this person touching the trigger?
I fucking hate guns and I know better Also, why on Earth would you decide to read all 5000 booger hook replies
You're right, it was "Early U.S." As is right now
He's got to be so proud of you. ♡
허니통통 필요해.. &lt;/3 피시방 사랑해! 짤 했어!
This is such a cool mechanic! Thanks for putting this out there.
A country with a functional government would've quarantined him, so.. idk.
If I can offer a bit of advice: Get a Bachelor's degree and teach English overseas. Great way to get out of the country.
Hey! I need two root canals! 😄
Yes, I'm positive that my real.
I mean, the process involves removing the nerve. So yeah, it's painful. I had a few done in Korea. No anesthetic or anything. Can't imagine my next ones will be much worse.
Thanks for the tip!
You're good!! English numbers are overcomplicated.
Run shows during COVID Hire a known racist during what is arguably the height of the BLM movement WWE is a junkyard of bad morals, AND the product sucks
Culex was a bastard.
Velius, the first Zodiac stone holder, in Final Fantasy Tactics. Velius had a few immensely powerful team wipe attacks. I only beat him because I had a dragoon jump at him to avoid the team wipe, and the hit when he landed was the killing blow.
He's the ram-headed guy Wiegraf turns into. I guess the name is Belias on the PSP version. I recall being save stuck on him. It was awful.
Thanks for chiming in. I'm honestly a bit nervous about tomorrow. This is nice to hear.
I remember splitting that summer between Final Fantasy Tactics and Diablo II. That first Baal fight... and the first time trying to kill him while dual-wielding Gull daggers... Games are great.
My dentist was kind, funny, a great communicator, and very quick! He told me what to expect and when, and was as prompt as possible. Bedside manner is easily the most important thing.
I wish I could just eff off to another country to get this done. It's going to be stupid expensive in the States.
You misunderstand- the root canals are going to be stupid expensive in the States.
Which Pokemon was inspired by Ringo?
r/OverwatchUniversity has gone from an advice haven to a complaint farm. The amount of finger pointing there... my God. It's not hard to get burnt out on.
If Bronze and Silver is a pit, stop digging and climb out. This post isn't a tip or a request for a tip- it's a thinly veiled complaint thread. I have little patience left for this sort of posting.
There is hope for you. You should keep playing. 1. Which role do you want to play? Focus on 1-2 heroes in that role. 2. Practice those heroes with a focus on improving, not necessarily on winning. Focus on a few aspects of your gameplay. It sounds like positioning, or the art of not dying, is where you may want to start. 3. Have fun. If you're not having fun, take a break or come back the next day. You don't owe the game anything.
Find a 1v1 in progress and tilt the odds in your team's favor by joining in. If you want to improve your 1v1 game, try playing Deathmatch mode in Arcade.
Doomfist is super complicated. Honestly, if you want to start building basic gamesense as a DPS, I suggest Soldier 76. Also, don't be afraid to play against AIs if playing against people isn't fun. Getting a feel for the game is really important, and people tend to overlook it simply because it comes with experience- and it's easy to forget how the process transpired.
Hanzo may fire projectiles? But they're incredibly fast. It's going to take practice to get the hang of it. And, most importantly, the right attitude toward learning. You need to be honest with yourself. How did that not hit? You missed. Check replays to see what happened to your shot- was it too low? Did you not lead it? Figure out what went wrong, address it, improve.
Stay alive- make sure you're positioning well. Countless videos on positioning (though this varies from hero to hero). Find your strongest teammate and.. support them. For Baptiste, this means keeping them alive and (maybe) using ult to help them score kills. Though general consensus says that Baptiste's ult can be used selfishly, and typically should be. Anyway! Those are two tenets of support play. Stay alive, empower your teammates.
Everyone, relax There's a "Please" Like "Please refrain from consuming raw cookie dough" No need to take it seriously
It's all fun and games until heavy arms are involved
Needs more Ricky 'The Dragon' Steamboat
I would queue as support in regular 2-2-2 comp, honestly.
Hey, just had my root canal and I wanted to catch up with you to let you know how it went! E A S Y. It's uncomfortable to keep your mouth open for as long as it takes, but local anesthetic prevents any sort of pain from having the nerve removed. So, all in all, fully painless. Not a problem at all. Going to need another one soon, don't even care.
This is actually a new idea that adds value. I like it. ♡
No way! Nobody else has said anything about this!
Reddit is actually quite predictable. The complaints are for the sake of complaining. Exclusively.
NO WAY
HWAT This is new
That settles it I need Roald
YOU KNOW WHAT THOUGH ISABELLE DOESN'T HAVE ANY NEWS AGAIN CAN YOU BELIEVE IT OH THE HUMANITY
The original purpose of Outside, in the minds of the devs, was to just have fun and enjoy. All of the user-added content turned the game into a grind fest to acquire resources.
I've never heard anyone complain about this before!
Also, this is my headcanon. Go get your own.
xXxLao_TzexXx had a similar idea about the richness of every experience, good or bad, contributing to the overall quality of gameplay.
To be fair, you haven't seen OP's Animal Crossing island.
No.
Fascism is actually a branch of democracy, which is a branch of interplanetary dominion.
Yes. Although actually, maybe I was thinking of the telemarketers. Yeah. The fascists are like telemarketers for democracy. That's why they all have phones.
Yes.
Play to improve. Treat a loss as an opportunity to improve. Go back over the game. Rewatch it. Take notes. Ask someone here to do a review. During this process, divorce yourself from what your team should've done differently and consider how you AND ONLY YOU could have done better. After all, you can only control your actions. No one else's. If you tilt after a loss, take a break. If you find yourself tilting in-game, maybe after a rough death, practice some deep breathing. This can help your brain regulate your amygdala and reduce brain hijack / tilt. It can also help you break out of the tilty temptation to autopilot. Check calm.com for short breathing exercises you can pepper into your gameplay.
Thank you for sharing important information about the game!
