Honestly decisions like this makes it look like the devs actually don't even play the game, so they have little idea of how damn boring it is to sit in QT.
&gt; burn Crytek to the ground and just take everything they have. I would love to see this happen.
People are already using Discord soo...
T54 Mod 1 is pretty solid. The Cent 5/1 is also good if you like ridgeline fights and scouting.
It's not even that, he's an idiot. Go look up his video where he's using dielectric grease and his explanation of what it is.
Looks great! I'm in the process of doing some concept sketches for a scratch build/kit bashing while waiting for the Renshape to be shipped. Edit: What ship is that exactly? Also shot of the back/engines?
&gt; because who the hell steals a car battery. Meth heads.
Who cares? This shit happens all the time and people complain, just a shitty website covering this because Jeremy is famous. Also, this seems to have happened overnight but the road was closed during the morning? I mean how long does it take to reopen? Here I95, 66 and other major roads have had fatal accidents and they reopen in 3-4 hours max unless there's a hazardous waste spill but even that gets cleaned up pretty quickly.
Just create trial Prime accounts to get the Twitch Prime PLEX.
&gt; engineer graduates at 22 with loans pain off by 26. A full extra decade of savings and investing That's what I did. Graduated and went in to the defense industry. Paid off my loans and switched over to a different consulting company that does non defense government contracts (for the most part).
Possible to have the truck running? If so you can just get a inverter like this: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07JJSW48V/ and not worry about having to carry multiple batteries or run time. Either way, you'll need an inverter unless you want to tinker around with supplying 24V DC directly while bypassing the PSU.
I am disappointed by the lack of a Benchy on the hat.
Man, I just want a open world MMO. Basically EVE/Elite/SC with the Star Wars IP.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Any chance you can do some turrets/weapons in that scale or smaller? The turrets you've currently got for sale are unfortunately are too big for the scratch builds I'm thinking of.
Search for Revell, Tamiya, Airfix, etc and see if you can pick up some cheap 1/72 or 1/35 kits on sale. Also check out the clearance/open box/damaged goods section of your local hobby store.
If you have never tried Polyalchamy Elixer, try it. It's expensive but man that awesome color/look. [Example print](https://i.imgur.com/qZC6tpQ.jpg).
You ordered the Chaos red too eh? Me too. That red looks great.
I mean if you have fuck you money, you probably wouldn't drive a S500.
You've got some other issue if your electricity use doubled. You'd need multiple machine running for many hours to double the power usage of a typical home. I would start by checking your AC/heat settings and then seeing if there's a rate change in kw/h your electricity company is charging.
Yes but be aware that if you're planning to print high temps on the bed (say 65C+) you'll want to remove the magnetic bed.
Any idea when this will expire? Hopefully it'll be available until tomorrow morning.
The magnetic mat will start today lose it's magnetism with high temps. So you'll essentially distroy the mat.
Did you consider leasing something for like a year and wait for the new Porsche EV?
Just retract the filament a bit. Then remove the dripping with some tweezers. You must level your bed with both the nozzle and bed heated to printing temperature.
* near 300 mile range under absolutely ideal conditions
Fair point.
Yup. People wanted storage to carry extra ammo (personal weapons and vehicles), med kits, extra armor (to replace damaged ones), etc.
From what I've read the sensorless homing doesn't really work all that well.
Very nicely done. I like the #4 paint scheme better though.
Leave it outside in the sun for a few hours and see? Sounds like the resin may not have cured fully.
Not just you lol. I ran it like that for a few days while waiting for the direct wire kit. It bugged the hell out of me for those few days.
Sooo does it actually work?
I'm surprised automod didn't remove this.
Just wait until someone spends the time creating high quality textures.
Says who? How do you know what goes on in a galaxy far far away?
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
&gt; inspired by Allen Jones' sculptures [Hatstand, Table and Chair](https://www.christies.com/img/LotImages/2013/CKS/2013_CKS_01106_0033_000\(allen_jones_hatstand_table_and_chair_hatstand_table_chair\).jpg) which was sold by Christie's (the auction house) [for £2,169,250](https://www.christies.com/lotfinder/Lot/allen-jones-b-1937-hatstand-table-5652400-details.aspx) Man, that seems excessive amount of money for something like that. Then again some billionaire probably has it as a item in his dungeon...
Blink twice of we need to rescue you OP.
That's ancient in internet years man.
You can always turn it in to a RC boat. ;)
If you're going to weather it, see if you can hide it under the weathering effect.
I've read mixed reviews of Creality filament. Get something with better/consistent quality like Hatchbox, Colorfabb, etc. This is assuming you don't have other issues. Make sure to clean your bed properly.
Buy it from Amazon because of the return policy, but you can very easily assemble it yourself. You're better off spending that $100 on upgrades (ie. Glass bed, better bed springs, filament, etc.). Watch this for assembly:https://youtu.be/me8Qrwh907Q
Haven't had issues with their stuff so far ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯. Like most things YMMV.
The Pro is worth the extra $30 as it has a better PSU.
Level your bed.
You guys are the same ones that run Make Printable right? If so I just got a model from Star Citizen printed and pretty happy with it.
Kitty looks concerned lol.
Lobbying.
I guess we know who your mom's favorite child is eh?
Try with Curawesone mod?
I wouldn't mind seeing a Crusader competitor to the Carrack.
Yeah no. There's a big difference between the two especially on curved surfaces. And even if you're going to sand, prime and paint it, you'll notice the difference.
Get a 0.6mm nozzle and print it as like 0.5mm if you're printing functional parts. Saves so much time and strength and will be good as well.
Lol. You seem rather triggered. Are you offended because you're an arty player?
Yup. The loiter time/fuel consumption was one of main reasons for the Light Attack/Armed Reconnaissance (LAAR) program that's currently on hold.
Interesting. I've used Curawesome and I get very similar results to your S3D.
I've waited so long for the Carrack and BMM I honestly won't be surprised by a delay.
Did you touch the belly????
Mustang GT with 301 equipment group is around $30k (before taxes and such). I wouldn't get the Ecoboost Premium for close to $30k. Base Ecoboost w 101A makes sense but the Premium is close to the GT price which isn't that good value.
You can find dealers selling well under MSRP especially if you live in a big city area with lots of competing dealers.
I know. The Ecoboost Premium is around $30k as well.
Agreed. I assume anyone seriously considering a performance car will put in proper summer tires or get the Performance Pack which comes with what the Super Sports now?
Just curious, what's the cost of the parts? I think you may already be close to the cost of an Ender 3 with these parts/upgrades.
Dude was charged with stalking so chances are there's a lot more history there than just shit talking.
I see what you did there.
Currently in the process of building out my Star Wars inspired ship. So far, mainly working on the rough hull shape and will move on to adding details/greeble. Any tips on some good kits to scavenge parts for adding greeble and turrets would be appreciated. This is also the first time working with Renshape Foam. It's quite easy and nice to work with and dosen't cost too much (~$12 per 10x10x2" board). You can easily work it with hand tools and sandpaper. It's quite dusty to work with though, so I wet everything down/wet sand.
You should seriously play the games!
Don't count on it.
Most of the UI/HUD in this game is dumb.
Disagree. People spotted issues with concept ships very early on for various ships like the Freelancer long ago. CIG can easily save time and money if they take feedback in to account during concept than having to rework the model.
Seems like Christian is doing what Ferrari did lol. Building road cars so he can go racing. And if they are even remotely successful they'll get even more brand recognition and good for advertising.
Man, I can't imagine all the dust and junk that'll be inside it.
Thanks, did not know about that sub.
Compressed air is just going to push dust and junk inside. As for soap... Are you really going to was your hands every time before using your mouse?
When people have asked for the Exploration pack and few other packs, Support has denied it. I guess it's really luck of the draw when it comes to having things unlocked like that.
I used wheel cleaner on my wheels yesterday and now my calipers have a white powder like coating on them :( I need to figure out wtf happened and clean it up. These are brand new Brembos too.
Sounds like you've got all sorts of junk software.
Cars &amp; Corgies needs to be a new subreddit.
Yes! Please check it out and report back. Ask him if he's tracked the car.
Kill the Camaro and replace it with the front engine Corvette? I'd be down for that just because the Camaro looks terrible with the new redesign.
Heh, I just ordered that ISD kit a few days ago. Should be here on Friday. PS: They have the pre-order available for the super star destroyer on Amazon.
Good bot.
Dude yes, do a write up. Maybe you can get /u/Doug-Demuro come out there and and take a look.
Stock brakes or Performance pack/GT brakes?
Maybe you don't because of where you live or you tolerate a highest temperature. I too have 3M Crystalline ceramic tints and they don't provide enough cooling compared to to having tints + sun shade for the front.
Nice. Same brake setup I'm running. This setup shaved off quite a few seconds at Summit Point and Pocono last time I was there.
It's a military ship. What you're describing is more suited for say an Origin or RSI version of the Carrack.
If you you're using at least halfway decent quality filament, I don't really see the need for this.
Yup. It's amazing how much time you can save with a bigger nozzle for functional prints.
The printer is probably fine but PSU is definitely fried.
You know that's never going to happen. This is going to get a worse mark ups than the Type R.
Hah yeah. In the mean time I'm making my own Star Wars inspired scratch builds/kit bashes.
Sweet, I just re-printed a Mercury. Now on to a lot of sanding and painting... and I need to find some good decals.
Also if you're on a Samsung phone, you can make use of the Secure Folder functionality. I doubt the mom is smart enough to figure that out.
Doug, what are your predictions about the car industry for the next 10 years?
There's already a plug in for Octoprint: https://plugins.octoprint.org/plugins/thespaghettidetective/ ;)
Yeah, it can be a hit or a miss. I took a look at my Amazon/Ebay orders and I had actually bought it from Amazon: https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B07XJ3CH34 It says 720p, but that 720p is at 15fps. Edit: If you're planning to use a Pi, a dual cam setup may be a interesting option. Teaching Tech did a vid on this recently: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcFBsciSdEw
PLA or PETG?
Yup. That plus I would recommend doing a PID tune as well if you swap to a steel nozzle.
Re flash Marlin with Linear advance enabled. Then dial in the proper K value. It'll help quite a bit. But keep in mind you can't fully remove a seam from a cylindrical object like this. Button you can make it a lot less pronounced/visible than your currently setup.
That's true but the main reason to do it is your "normal" target temp is now higher due to the steel nozzle. Doing a PID tune at say 220 (the new normal) vs 200 can improve temp stability depending on the hot end/printer. It's a very simple thing to do so no real reason not to to do it.
Yes linear advance will help. It was one of the main things that improved my print quality when I was running a bowden setup. I still run LA in my direct drive setup but benefits are marginal. Yes you should disable Coasting in your slicer with LA enabled.
Lucky for you, Teaching Tech just released an Intro to 3D printing video: https://youtu.be/T-Z3GmM20JM Watch it and see if it's something for you. There's a lot of nuances and technical things that you need to know for successful 3D printing. It's not quite as simple as hitting "Print" on a 2D printer.
Find a specialty store that deals with glass be it a picture framing store or a window store. Ideally you want to get a borosilicate glass. If you can't find it you can always get the glass bed online.
You need to change the nozzle settings in Cura. That should automatically change the other settings like line width. You may need to slow down a bit or bump up the temps a bit (5C or so) to print at the same speeds.
True but plenty of people just use 200g in RS as well.
That's actually a good idea.
I know but every EV owner I've talked to has range as one of their top 3 wants.
Yes. If you want high quality fans designed for industrial use go with Sunon, Sanyo, Delta, or Papst. Drill down the fans on Mouser or DigiKey. Only big downside to buying from Digikey/Mouser is their shipping costs for these are kind of stupid. I'm personally running 12V Sunon fans (undervolted to 10v) for the hotend heatsink cooling and part cooling. Running a Sanyo fan for the PSU. I'm a big fan (heh) of Sunon's dust resistant Mag Lev + Vapo Bearing fans and the equivalent featured Sanyos (I forgot what their version of Vapo Bearing was). Note: I have a custom non standard setup with a 5020 and 30mm fans. Also note that these aren't as quiet as Noctuas but they move a lot more air even when undervolted.
&gt; Does the extruder make that big of a difference? It really does. Going from stock to a Zesty Nimble (remote direct drive) and then to a BMG clone gave very nice improvements in my prints, very similar results to OPs example. If you're getting a clone, get a well done clone like the ones from Triangle Labs on Aliexpress. Not all clones are created equal.
A good BMG clone gives you very nice results like this.
&gt; Scrapheap Challenge Man, now that's a blast from the past. Good days.
&gt;The fact that NetEase is listed first tells me that its probably more a NetEase game licensed from CCP, but I could be wrong. Yup. It's basically what Blizzard did with Diablo Immortal lol. Just license the IP and rake in some percentage of the money + license fees.
Dude... you're making some massive generalizations there. I am using these fans and have actual experience with them. In addition, I've used a wide variety of Sunon/Delta/Sanyo/EBM (Papst) fans across the board for both personal projects and professionally (high end, one off specialized lab test equipment for the Defense sector) in my previous job. For a lot of the test equipment noise was a factor as it resided in a workbench and not in a closet so we couldn't just slap a massive blower and had to select fans with good overall performance (noise, airflow, static pressure, reliability, but BOM cost wasn't a factor). Yes, Delta's are frequently used in servers for moving massive amounts of air but they also offer a huge variety of general purpose fans that are far quieter than 60 dB. Example 40mm Delta at 22 dBa: https://www.mouser.com/ProductDetail/Delta-Electronics/AFB0405MA-A?qs=sGAEpiMZZMt9MS9kROxCw2Vwd6QMOrz8vmh0%252BphbUuuRi0NfTGJVRQ%3D%3D Obviously, I wouldn't get these Deltas as they aren't good value. But my point is, just because it's a Delta doesn't mean it's always going to sound like jet engines. I'm running a 40mm Sunon fans on the Ender 3 to cool the heat sink. They aren't really noisy especially once undervolted to 10v. These are the 40mm I'm running: https://www.mouser.com/ProductDetail/369-MF40101V21UA99. They are rated at ~21dBA at 12V. Even quieter at 10v like I'm running them. I did say the Noctua's are still quieter before. Those 40mm Noctuas are ~18 dBa at 12V but the airflow is only ~4.5 CFM vs the 7 CFM for the Sunon. The Sunon offers better overall cooling performance and very similar noise performance especially when undervolted, but it's still going to move more air than the Noctua for far cheaper cost ($4/per fan). Edit: Fixed links.
You too eh?
This isn't a "quirk/feature". An issue like this means Toyota/BMW didn't properly account for NVH during design or didn't find it during NVH testing or just wrote it off as a minor enough issue and a "future fix" item due to project schedules (my bet is on this).
&gt; There's no way Toyota didn't know the car did that. The only question is why Toyota chose to overlook it and do nothing about it. Yeah, there's a good chance this was found during NVH testing. Probably listed as a minor enough issue to ignore in order to meet project schedule. Probably will be fixed in the next year or two.
Throw eggs at him.
Hmm interesting. What was the K value you tried?
Yes. Only need it when you get a used car. Emission is every 2 years.
You sure about it? Pretty sure Z height resolution is limited by the lead screw.
If you have the space to deal with a resin printer yes get it. However if you live in a tiny apartment resin printer is probably not a good idea due to the smell.
You can try something like XTC-3D. Or spend the rest time sanding and using filler primer.
Couldn't you just use the TV and something like a Steam Link to stream?
Eh still reads a lot like speculation. With that said a war would be bloody and drawn out. It's a stupid thing to get in to. We'll have to wait and see what happens Iran does in the next few weeks/months.
Don't print on the floor. Print on a stable table or countertop. Also, judging by the filament lines on the print bed, your nozzle is too close to your bed. Re-level it if you haven't already.
Right that's why I questioned the 0.01mm resolution. I don't think even the Ultimaker go down to that level and print well.
I've been looking for something like that. Link to it?
Is the inside coated with UV resistant paint?
They don't come tangled from the factory. And sometimes it's not even user error. The problem is that during retractions it can cause the filament tension losen up too much or the spool to roll backwards. With a worse wound roll, there's a higher chance of a snag happening in this case.
This is very handy if you need a PCB in a few hours. I generally get mine made through JLC and they get it to my door within 3 days. They can make a much nicer board than I can in my garage lol.
What project is this used for?
You should put them up on My Mini Factory as well. I've bought a bunch of minis from there. Especially since they have some nice stuff for their holiday sale.
Just a heads up, if those are PETG spools be aware that PETG is hygroscopic and will absorb moisture over time. It's not as bad as Nylon but worse than PLA when it comes to moisture absorption. Not an issue if you dry your filament before/during printing though.
Good post OP. I wonder if you could have gotten even better results if you used a normal paint before applying the rub. Also any chance you could apply a gloss clear coat to one of the test samples?
Man I really should plan to get a dual extruder for my Voron build. Being able to print water soluble supports would be so nice.
Funny thing is there are insurance MLMs too lol. Primerica for example.
Just need to find an event with a hard cut off for the number of people. I do various PCA and SCCA events including Track Night and they all have a hard limit on the number of people. This guarantee you at least an hour of track time.
That's a great deal. Seems like some non well known clone. But as long as it's running one of the common firmware like this Marlin it's really not an issue. Do make sure thermal runaway protection is working. If you not look in to flashing Marlin and if that's not possible replace the board with a SKR.
I'm not quite sure what your question is. Are you asking if there's a model of what that picture is?
Ah gotcha. I see what you mean. The thing is with 3D printing there's too many variables. For example, with Filament ABC the best results maybe optained at 210C on Printer A but that same filament may need 205C to get the same results on Printer B. For example, just the filament alone has variations between manufacturers even if it's the same type. From personal experience, my Hatchbox PLA prints optimally at around 210C while my Polyalchamy Elixer is optimal at 200C (higher than this causes excessive stringing). This gets worse with copolyesters. A book or guide can't possibly account for all these variables and give you a nice number to work with.
I don't think it'll replace FDM. I think most people in to 3D printing will end up getting both.
Yup. Same setup here. Just have a bit of Kapto tape at the corners for insurance just in case.
If you're up for a true custom build, look in to the Hypercube/Voron printers. They are both CoreXY designs and have quite a few advantages over a bed slinger. I'm looking in to building one of these one later this year. Also keeping an eye on SecKit Go CoreXY kit as well (Teaching Tech did a few vids on this).
Look in to a IKEA LACK Enclosure build for the Ender 3. You can also DIY anything.
Good bot.
&gt; core technology enjoyed huge success in the commercial sector as an industry standard. Wait what did Beta max turn in to?
I think OP's expensive printer probably has a wash bay built in where you drop the build plate in with the model.
Do the XYZ calibration cube first.
STL link?
Yes. [Here's an example. ](https://i.imgur.com/yVwS4QO.jpg). This is not 28mm scale however. Stringing is easily taken care of with a heat gun. This is Polyalchamy Elixer which always strings a bit like this. For FDM keep in mind your results will depend on on the model quite a lot even with a well tuned printer and slicer. Look specifically for the models that are designed to print well with FDM.
80mm case fans are so 2007. Most cases now days have moved to 120mm or bigger rear fans.
You're better off saving that money and putting it towards getting a board with TMC drivers. The SKR drop in version is probably what you want.
You don't need to season any well designed/well manufactured heartbreak. If you're going for super high temps, get a Copperhead (Kickstarter just like finished) when it's available or get a Mosquito hot end (a good clone will be fine). One other thing to consider is a water cooled hot end especially if you are planning to print high temp exotic meterial in an enclosure.
It's still too new.
Why didn't you go with a CoreXY build? You won't need much extra time parts and there's some nice benefits to the CoreXY motion.
For standard resin, I've had good success with Elegoo resin. Can't help you out with the flexible resin though. I don't think it's as flexible as coasting silicone.
People have to replace those CoreXY belts often because they get cheap Chinese belts that stretch rather quickly. Get a some quality Gates or similar belts and it's not big of an issue unless your running pretty constantly. Even with a wider belt it'll still stretch in the X direction of the belt.
Did you select the right thermistor in your firmware?
Nah, PETG and ABS can handle the temps of warm wax. Not sure about PLA.
Where are all the people saying it is want Iran and they had highly trained crews where this is wouldn't be possible?
Look in to making any DIY filament dryer with a cheap food dehydrator. Or you can spend a money on some thing like a PrintDry. You really should consider getting a all metal hot end. The PTFE breaking down released some nasty stuff. People will say just run Capricorn tubing but I personally wouldn't run that beyond 240C either.
Yes. https://e3d-online.com/titan-aqua. You can of course get clones for much cheaper. They are some what's popular with people printing exotics in a very hot enclosure.
Next project should be a CoreXY ;) Take a look at the Hypercube Evolution and Voron.
Yup. It's very easy to strip the aluminum heater block if you're not careful. Cross thread a few too many times and you'll get this result.
This looks like a beer koozie and not a cup.
You should really consider getting an all metal hot end for printing at those temps. I also assume you've got a way to keep the Nylon dry during storage as well as printing? If you really don't want to get a clone all metal hot end, get the TH3D Titanium heartbreak. It raises the PTFE tube above the heater block.
Check your stepper current settings and the wiring/connectors.
Keep in mind the belts will still stretch but you really won't have to replace them that often. Maybe every 2 years if you are printing heavily.
That's not a price but still not that great of a value/bargain compared to the base Ender 3.
Around $300 then Ender 5 starts to make sense, but from a value perspective the base Ender 3 is still the king especially since it often goes on sale for under $200.
You need to give a lot of more credit to the legendary Jim Keller than Lisa Su imo. Zen wouldn't be where it is without Jim. Lisa definitely should get credit for bringing Jim on board however.
Yes. Should be 4.8 Ohm for 12V 30W. https://e3d-online.dozuki.com/Guide/V6+Assembly/6?lang=en#s70
Haha that was my first reaction too.
Did you ever try the Duplicolor and Kraylon filler primers? If so can you compare them? I've mostly been using Duplicolor primers but if this works better I'll definitely pick up a bottle.
Don't go too heavy in weathering the rest. Check out /r/modelmakers and light weathering people have done on aircraft.
It's the pattern you have on the arms of the ship. Often used in Star Trek ships http://www.casmodels.org/scratching-post/aztecing-methods-for-star-trek-models
Very nice choice with that filament.
Hmm, a few questions: 1. What resin? 2. What are your slicer settings? 3. The build plate is level? 3. Download a tuner app on your phone. Go to a quiet place, flip the vat over and tap/drum the film. What does the tuner app say?
Just for resin.
I know what you mean. I'm [currently printing](https://i.imgur.com/30DDAAZ.jpg) out a Star Destroyer I designed. It's designed to support adding lighting so there interior is hollow. The engines are not designed yet and it's something I've been spending a decent amount of timely on. For the hull details, my plan is to to add the details as separate greebly items by using my resin printer as resin printing can make tiny detailed parts. For adding ship details, I recommend looking at some of Fractalsponge's designs to get some ideas : http://fractalsponge.net/ His ships are super detailed and honestly on par or better than what we'd see in a movie.
And the Vulture from Star Citizen ;) It's a classic mining/transport ship shape.
You could always go with something like the Swiftech Drive X3 that's actually modular and more along the lines of a proper custom loop. You get a good block, decent rad + pump, and decent fans out of the box. You can get this for around $140 (Swiftech site) which isn't much more than the ML240R ($125). I've been using the X3 for about a year now on one of my PCs and it's held up very well. Planning to tear it down in a few months to see what the block looks like and then re-fill it.
You may also want to try resin as a smoothing medium. I've brushed on a thin layer of UV resin on minis before followed by a primer and on to painting with no sanding. I think Tom made a video on this recently as well you can check out. Might want to test it out since you already seem to have resin on hand.
This is pretty smart. I can see people using this as a base for minis.
Correct. That's part of it. Plus it constraints the filament better due to smaller ID of the tubing.
True, don't get me wrong they are pretty well build machines but the writing was on the wall for Lulzbot for a while. They just couldn't really capture part of the Ultimaker crowd.
&gt; Capricorn is still the same PTFE a normal bowden tube is made o It is a different PTFE blend that stands up better long term. Granted, I wouldn't run the Cap tubing close to the limits that Capricorn advertises (250Cish), but it does survives better compared to cheaper PTFE even at PLA temps (speaking from experience, compared to stock Ender 3 and MP Mini tubings) &gt;A tighter filament path isnt always desirable. Agreed, especially if you're using things like Metalfill where the filament itself has bad tolerances. That's why the TL version exists. &gt;There is zero reason to use it unless you are using flexible filament. A smaller ID creates more friction too... The tubing is slippery enough that friction really isn't an issue for normal non-infused filaments. As for the filament, even PLA buckles and when you account for this over the entire length of a bowden tube it adds up and reduces extrusion/retraction accuracy. E3D has a decent write up on this: https://e3d-online.com/blog/2017/10/27/bowden-tube-physics/ With that said, this is a very minor thing and 90% of the people probably won't notice it because they don't have a well tuned machine + slicer setup in the first place. I mean think about it, most people just print with the Generic PLA defaults in Cura lol. But for people with a well tuned system, this can be noticeable depending on the model.
What filament's were you using? I've had issues with XS and Protopasta/Colorfabb Metal fills and with some eSun/no name PLAs.
&gt; he loves the lulz and constantly complains about ultimaker's downtime. Pretty much the main reason we pushed for lulz pros Exactly my point. Lulzbot has//had a great printer, but they just couldn't advertise well and capture part of the market Ultimaker was selling for. Like /u/JJ-Bittenbinder said, a Prusa MK3 and even a Taz can give much better results than an Ultimaker at like 1/2 to 1/4 the cost. But Lulzbot didn't manage to get the market share. Prusa is starting to go after the Education market now especially with the Prusa Mini. The EDU market for 3D printers especially is growing now days. The county I'm in is starting to roll out 3D printers as part of their STEAM programs and my local Elementary school has like 3 Ultimakers.
Interesting. You had issues with eSun as well lol.
Check and see if there's a local Maker space or similar in your area. They may be able to make use of it.
You daughter has a CPU? 😛 Is she a robot?
Not always possible. Tried to call do that for the Robotics team at my old high school they couldn't accept the MP Maker because they had contracts/SLAs with another vendor. Just ended up giving it to the one of my friends kids.
Only the Alpha 2.2 version. The mainline version does not yet have a Ender 3 profile out of the box.
There's previews and reviews out already, just check YouTube and various FB groups. 3D Maker Noob has a few livestream videos and previews. There's definitely some issues but nothing deal breaking reported yet on the Forums. They definitely have a huge backlog though an production is pretty slow and a few QC issues (probe is too low and hot end wires a bit too short).
Ender 3 and Ender 5 are both pretty good options, but you won't get all the same features however. My recommendation would be to get the Ender 3 and spend a bit upgrading it (SKR board, ABL, and Triangle Labs BMG AL extruder).
She's a Twitch streamer that's mostly known for Old School Runescape.
Of course they did. See the eggs?
Only brass? No hardened nozzles esp sincerely you mentioned you print out CF?
(👁 ͜ʖ👁)
Clear coat failure anyone?
99% chance they flipped it's over because they didn't want to to advertise a specific brand (AMD or Intel). But anyone who's familiar can tell whick socket and thus the brands lol.
One of the LA comments nailed it. That dude is likely to looking for the green card and SS benefits.
Glad to see his wrist is intact ;)
Those are pretty deep scratches.
It's not really "gambling" with the future. They know where the market and legislation (at least in most of the world) is heading in the next 20 years. It's a pretty well calculated business decision and risk.
Seems like you've ordered the heater cartridge? That should come with the wires pre-attached and should be long enough to go all the way to the control board. You'll need to remove the existing wires from the control board and then just wire in the new one. Here's a video someone made on it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2j9TV7UtBxU
That slot can be used as either. From ASRock website: &gt;- 1 x Hyper M.2 Socket (M2_3), supports M Key type 2230/2242/2260/2280/22110 M.2 SATA3 6.0 Gb/s module and M.2 PCI Express module up to Gen4x4 (64 Gb/s) (with Matisse) or Gen3x4 (32 Gb/s) (with Pinnacle Ridge and Picasso)*
We're not getting the Carrack in February are we eh?
Sure, but I'm talking about it from an actual mechanics/gameplay prespective. For example, like you said, there's no easy way to visualize what's around you when you're in a turret right now. This is partly of course, related to the server/tech, but we should have at least had placeholders (i.e. MFDs) in the turrets by now.
&gt; I have about 100GB of off line mapping Do you have the entire US/Europe on there??? I use CoPilot for offline, and the East cost only take up like 2GB.
That guy is such a MVP. I've printed out quite a few of his tanks.
It's still an issue even with 3 top/bottom layers unfortunately. It does help a bit though. Using Gyroid infill also helps, but it still does weird solid infill layers
First off, you did switch to the PETG material profile in Cura right? Second, you are probably too low on the temps. I usually do 255C for the first layer and 245C for the rest. Check your flow rate too. On a side note, PETG does not like to be squished as much as PLA. Your Z offset should be higher (as in higher off from the build plate).
Tried that as well (3 and 4 perimeters). But the random solid infills still persists, and unfortunately there's a lot of models that I have where the infill essentially acts as an interior support for the model, so trying to print it without any infill doesn't work.
Are you on a stock board or aftermarket (i.e SKR)? If you're on the stock board, I'm not sure if it has a connector for a filament run out sensor.
What are the current settings in the firmware for the stepper drivers?
OP that is a massive build volume. Just getting even heating for a bed that size is going to be a challenge. Also why such a huge build volume?
You can heat the bed no problem with a few AC heaters, the problem is that getting the heat to be even through out the entire build plate especially since you probably won't be able to get a 1x1 meter MIC 6 plate which will warp a lot less than normal aluminum plates. You're likely going to run in to issues with bed warping. You'll definitely want to get a ABL setup. Then again, I assume you'll probably be printing with a big nozzle at high layer heights so this may not even be a big deal given the tolerence.
The E3D tool changer is definitely along the same lines as this, but they obviously currently don't offer any things other than multiple extruder right now. It should be able to handle a small end mill and laser.
I would go with a powder coated PEI spring steel build plate (WhamBam, Matter Hackers, etc) at that price. I've had mixed results with BuildTak.
Why do you want to hide a camera inside a kids bedroom...? That is kind of creepy. Especially if the kids aren't babies.
&gt; I thought I'd love thermal pads but ultimately found them more annoying than clips How so? Were you constantly removing the glass?
Check your slicer settings.
Do you have an enclosure? If you don't have an enclosure, printing most models in ABS is going to result in warping. Also, fan off for the first 1-3 layers right? Custom fan setup or stock setup?
Are you using the stock nozzle? 0.4mm nozzle can get partial clogs with PLA with additives like CF. I use 0.6 nozzle for filled filament like Metalfill and glow in the dark. Also check to see if your extruder arm/plastic is cracked.
Generally 1 model at a time time to reduce risk. If one of the prints fail in a multi model print its all gone. When in not printing in resin, I print most of my minis that won't get painted in a nice filament like Polyalchemy Elixer which is expensive so I don't want to risk wasted filament with failed prints.
Spot on. I would add that to OP should consider not to printing in the same room and also should get proper protection (respirator, nitrile gloves, etc).
Add ABL and you too can pretend to be a God and get perfect first layers ;)
Your model is likely too big/had too many polys. You should try and decimate it to a good level without losing details, then try again. Also do note that this operation is very RAM/CPU heavy so depending on your PC it is can crash due to lack of resources.
Yup. Those are the smoothers.
Oh yeah if you're planning to remove the glass every time thermal pads are not the best solution. Most people just leave it on however. PLA just self releases for the most part after the bed cools down. It can take some time for it to cool down, but I have a small 120mm PC fan that I turn on after the printing is done to cool down the bed faster.
I've seen a few resin printed keys that are look quite nice. Especially in translucent colors.
(👁 ͜ʖ👁)
Do you have Z hop enabled? And are your layer heights multiple of 0.04?
The settings from that mod have been rolled in to Cura now I believe.
0.9 degree steppers tend to have lower torque than 1.8 degree. You really don't need to upgraded your stock motors unless: 1. Getting a pancake stepper for a direct drive extruder to keep weight down 2. Using an enclosure with very high temp stuff. Better motors can run cooler meaning less chance of of skipped steps.
That's one of the complaints regarding brand images. The GTR no longer really has the halo car image it used to have. And yes agree with you that a luxury SUV as a halo car will probably help Nissan a lot more than a new GTR.
People definitely do this especially if you're building at a larger scale. There's several ways to go about doing this, the first and easiest way is probably to to use foam, think along the lines of an RC plane but with modifications for model accuracy and other such things. The second is 3D printing, you can use an existing model or design something totally new/different yourself using Fusion 360 or Blender. The final option is to use styrene + foam. Styrene can allow for high details such as thin panel lines buy it can be more difficult to work with.
That's a sweet setup. I'm still debating on if to build a Railcore or Voron 2.x. Or go a bit cheaper and just build a Hypercube EVO.
It's no use man. I'm just going to CCU the Carrack to a Polaris, already have the CCU, still on the fence about applying it. Pretty happy price went up which makes this CCU a lot more enticing.
They started price matching Amazon so if it's available at Best Buy may as well get it on the same day without waiting for shipping.
&gt; Everyone has internet access these days. Lack of access to information isn't a barrier anymore. The internet was supposed to democratize knowledge and information, but these people are actively avoiding it. They can spend hours spreading misinformation (aka pure bullshit), but they can't take 5 minutes to Google the claims they take for truth. That doesn't mean much when they fall for the propaganda that's spread throughout the internet and most people take things at face value.
And NordVPN didn't disclose a breach in a timely manner. If you really want a VPN set up a AWS micro instance and OpenVPN. Not really too difficult to do and cost is about the same as a paid VPN.
Why an i9 over say a Ryzen 7?
The only dilament I'm really sure is made in the US is Proto Pasta, but their stuff is very expensive.
Dude, I'd totally watch a 15-30min short documentary on tractors if it was presented by Captain Slow.
Exactly, like those early Bitcoin folks or the folks that started a hot new tech startup.
The Prusa Mini sounds perfect for your needs. A few things to keep in mind: 1. FDM prints are not really food safe, even if the filament you use is rated as "food safe". You will need to coat the part with food safe resin/epoxy to fill in the "groves" left from the printing process. 2. 8 bit vs 32 bit is really not an issue for a Cartesian printer like this. However, the 32 bit board in the Mini will have features added to it in the future. For example, the ability to print wirelessly (you'll just need to plug in a ESP32 WiFi module). 2. The Mini assembly is pretty easy. I put mine together in about an hour, the only difficult part was to try and align one really long bolt. 3. Since you have no experience with 3D printing, I highly recommend watching some videos and reading up on it. Teaching Tech recently released a very nice Beginners Guide to 3D printing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-Z3GmM20JM. The printer shown is an Ender 3, but a lot of the concepts (i.e. slicing your model) apply to any 3D printer. 3. Do keep in mind that if you order a Mini right now, it will not ship for quite some time.
Yes. Just wire it up right.
Not really because the regular 3600 is still like $25-30 cheaper. You're better off getting the normal version +and good aftermarket cooler which will give you similar PBO performance anyway.
&gt; machine learning and a massive dataset. Ahhh yes, the latest buzz words for a tech start up. I guess block chain is too old now eh?
:( why did you have to do that....
Then there's the ones who really like electro play ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Emacs is better :P &lt;runs away&gt;
Good bot.
Just a small correction, there's not really a "heating element" in in these essential oil diffusers in most cases. Most of them uses an ultrasonic diffuser unlike vapes.
I think you're underestimating the sensors and control systems that will still be implemented in EVs.
Just realize you'll have to wait quite a while to get your printer delivered. 1. That's fine. 2. Do get a roll of Prusament. 3. Yeah, it's going to take a while for you to get the printer. There's a big backlog of it. See https://help.prusa3d.com/article/6OdtbKF1bw-shippingtable 4. Get both types of build sheets. I regret that not getting the textured sheet.
Pretty sure his supporters are the same type of people that show up on /r/atetheonion
$350 for a life size figure isn't a bad price to be honest.
A direct drive extruder still helps a lot even with for PLA and PETG. It will give you much better consistency.
Simplify3D is really not worth it these days imo. Prusa Slicer and Cura has come a long way.
I know but I would have expected it to have been in say PC or ABS over PETG for that price.
Gotcha. Makes sense. What do you use to print PC?
She's a racist. Pretty much hates everyone.
Shit dude AZ and TX can get hot enough to melt some types of plastics outdoors.
Wait for wait they have glow in the dark waterslide decals????
Firefox with uBlock Origin works very well on mobile assuming you have a good device.
A 1+ month delay for sending out a *digital* copy of something? Good ol CIG.
Dude we had a similar schedule at my high school.
Lol! Totally forgot about that. I don't think I have it yet. I was somewhat hopeful for that game. Haven't touched that game in ages.
At a high enough layer height and a large nozzle you can probably print this in under an hour.
Are you printing with a raft or not?
OP knows how it works. He's asking why he's getting 10C+ fluctuations. You normally should only have 1-2C fluctuations with proper PID settings.
They were in a location without stable internet.
This seems to be a common problem across the board not just with this specific car too.
This is why you always back up data with no access to other people. Plenty of free options (Google Drive, Dropbox, etc).
What's your current set as/vref? Sounds like you're running too much current. Also what board? It sounds like you using Step stick modules?
There's a difference between running it hard versus just stupidly trying to break stuff for YouTube views and such.
For sticking the heatsink what you want is thermal adhesive tape. 3M, Laird, Panasonic, and a few others sell some good adhesive tapes/pads. There's some really high quality Panasonic graphane sheets that are excellent but very expensive ($50ish for a 200mm sheet last I checked). You want the double sided adhesive versions as that will allow you to just stick it on the flat side of that motor and heatsink. The advantage of the thermal pad version over is epoxy is that it's reversible compared to epoxy and they may actually have higher thermal conductivity than most thermally conductive epoxy. Check Mouser/DigiKey and of course Amazon/Ebay. Just be careful with Amazon/Ebay because a lot of "3M" and similar branded stuff people sell are actually not the real deal so performance will be lower. Edit: And yes, you want the black version as it has more surface area. However if you have active cooling via a fan the silver one could potentially be better depending on airflow direction and heatsink orientation.
Shootings will continue until moral improves! -Most PDs in the US
&gt; Yeah it's step sticks, can't really "just swap" BGA chips. You could have swapped the entire board hence why I asked. I assumes you re-flashed your firmware with the correct settings as well?
I suspect aftermarket grill makers are going to have some booming business in the next few years.
Does it list the CFM rating?
https://community.ebay.com/t5/Buying/How-does-this-scam-work-Price-of-item-extremely-low/td-p/29205491
Are you just looking for the brakes to be on a dedicated button on the controller? Or are you looking for something else? What exactly are you trying to do/what you're end goal?
Check and make sure ESC and servo are connected to the receiver. And confirm the receiver is getting power.
&gt; Besides what are you going to do with the waste oil? AutoZone and other places accept used oil. As for why I still do it, I have control over the oil I use. That plus one of the quick lube places forgot to tighten the draining plug properly once many years ago and left oil all over the parking lot. Good thing I caught it it quickly.
Isn't that under $100ish?
The loose wheel nuts out of the box. I've read that complaints across the board (Arrma, Traxxas, etc).
Very nice. The Limitless is a bit outside my budget at the moment, plus I'm waiting to see what the Tamiya TC01 is like. TC01 Probably won't be as durable as Arrma but this is a road car so should be ok.
Any reason you didn't just go with a NEMA 17 stepper?
That's just a PR statement. Do you really think he would have said "Yes, it's because of China"?
&gt; I got a dumborc x6 gyro version and that is the single best thing I've got for it the delay is 3ms, and it has a range that I am yet to find the limit of. The gyro will get you out of some scrapes too!! Haha, I'm running that same receiver and transmitter combo in my Typhon 3S. It's been great.
Doesn't the magnet mess with the gyro?
But but but TD is quarantined! Isn't that enough?? -Reddit Admins
The difference is China is a new and a rapidly growing market while the rest of the world auto market is not growing at that same scale. 10% of China is still a big deal. Also he specifically mentioned only the 4 series. This design will be applied across the board.
Agreed completely.
To be honest that really sounds like a PR move and a good marketing move. They don't want the current situation to overshadow the launch so delaying it is a good marketing move. Plus good PR.
And still shilling NordVPN and such like everyone else. Just waiting for the day he starts shilling Raid.
Don't build a PC just for SC right now. Plus you may want to hold off until next gen Ryzen is launched.
The Tegra has survived surprisingly well in the Shield. I too would like to see a modern replacement for it.
Yes, just wait for them to pass away.
Aww darn. OK hope you're doing all right.
We saw similar shit pulled by the CCP in HK. Looks like the popo learned from HK/CCP cops.
Fuel. These are nitro cars. They are still prevelant but as brushless motors and batteries becomes more powerful nitro cars are falling out of favor. A brushless setup is far easier to maintain.
True true. I guess these guys are a combination of engineer, pit crew, and mechanics to an extent so I can see why they'll be paid like that. Plus the travel and all.
&gt; but he wasn't just going on a random killing spree and trying to harm civilians or anything. Bullshit. He went through a fucking library. Thankfully it was evacuated beforehand so no one died.
Are those legit Amass connectors?
Is that dust/pollen?
Make sure the NiMH AAs you got are charged.
I think for your project you can possibly simplify this assuming you have a MCU in your project. I assume you are using the BMS because you don't want the LiPo to go below 3.2v/cell. If all you want to do is protect the LiPo from over discharge you can simply measure the voltage at each cell with an analog pin in your MCU (assuming your pins are 5v, for 3.3v pins, just use a voltage divider). When the reading goes below 3.3v you can automatically stop the bot or have it flash a LED or use a piezo buzzer.
The stock radio on the Arrma RTRs is indeed pretty subpar. I went from stock to the Dumbo RC X6 two days after playing with the stock Typhon setup. Difference was quite noticeable. Basically no delay/lag anymore.
&gt; COBOL programmers now make less than senior engineers now in almost every market. Oh buddy those old gray beards with a TS are still making a killing as consultants for around 4-5hrs work. But yes most of the old COBOL stuff have been migrated/replaced now days so there's a lot lower demand for it.
Does it have a heatsink on the motor?
I'm sure there's Rule 34 content of them.
I don't think you'll have the build volume to print this on a Elegoo Saturn.
Except a battery can go a few hundred cycles. How quickly will you burn through 2 gallons of nitro?
Oh man, those RC construction equipment are generally not cheap are they?
Take it back to say 1930 and it'll probably be one of the fastest cars out there with magic tech for the time.
In the US at least, a lot of them went away as part of Cash for Clunkers.
Did you accidentally enter in to the ESC programming mode?
You can change the IMEI, usually done to stolen phones.
Printing with Nylon is a PITA. Even with an enclosure some Nylons absorb moisture so quickly. Get a separate hotbox for the filament if you can. Don't need to spend crazy amounts on a PrintDry or similar product. A good food dehydrator with minor mods will be enough.
Soooo why wasn't this found before? All they open source folks are like "If bad code is added we'll find it in hours".
To be fair, it's driven hard compared to the garage queen's. And they may have done stuff that's not shown in the video. You don't want to record stuff that can get yourself into trouble.
In my original comment I said that 3D printing isn't suitable for most volume manufacturing. I mentioned the design possibilities because they can and do outperform traditional manufacturing methods since you mentioned casting/milling.
Dude, Amazon is expanding their own branded products. It's pretty crazy. I mean just yesterday I came across a Amazon branded multimeter...
Heh, I paid around $300 for the Intel X25M. For 80GB.
You're probably running in to library conflicts. Chances are you have several libraries that are doing low level stuff (ie setting registeries) which maybe leading to conflicts depending on what's being done. Check out the library documentation and start implementing them one at a time to see where the issues maybe.
Bwhahaha. That was such a huge fuck up. I bet shit like this is still happening internally at CIG but we just don't/will never hear about it.
It's hilarious how CIG has said several times that "LTI isn't important" but they continue to use LTI/extended insurance as a feature during sales like this. It's complete bullshit and just a marketing ploy. I'd honestly be happy if they just give LTI to everyone.
&gt; the total development cost of Falcon 9 v1.0 (which was very early version retired back in 2013) including Falcon 1 was $390m which is not too far off from how much CIG has spent so far... Exactly. And this current alpha is all there is to show for it?
Of course they are.
This isn't the first time stupid things like this have been done and it won't be the last.
Much better. I assume it took like 2min to do?
Their sticks are very high quality. If you play flight sims for hours on end, they are worth the money. They will last through multiple system upgrades, just like a quality case or display.
Yeah investing in these won't make sense unless you're a hardcore flight/space sim player.
Probably paid a guy like Scotty!
It could very well be a previous owner. Probably went some thing like: Previous owner does shitty work and sells it to the current owner. Current owner takes it to Shop A for some work but Shop A doesn't check previous owner's work. Owner takes it to Shop B (PFI) for dyno tuning. Shop B finds these issues (a good tune shop will do at least a decent check of the mechanicals before it goes on a dyno).
&gt; Per the NHTSA, vehicle rollaway kills 100-120 people annually in the USA and the numbers are climbing, not falling. It injures another two thousand, annually. Use your parking brake. I would like to see this stat broken down. Do you have the link to the raw data by any chance? I feel like this is mostly people doing dumb things more than mechanical failures (i.e. getting out of the car and doing that dance shit for TikTok while the car is still rolling).
&gt; “Why does your car have two brake pedals?” To be fair, some cars do have a parking brake pedal.
A buddy of mine has a Lotus Elise. So many people think it's a Ferrari as well as thinking it's more expensive than it is.
Sure but the point is old cars are still less safe than a current gen car.
Wait hold on, you own this thing??? It's not in a museum? Or do you work for a museum?
Most are ASICs but there's a bunch of GPUs in the pic.
Nah, ASIC is a general term for application-specific integrated circuit. Basically it's a very specialized chip meant to do one thing really well compared to a general purposes processor like the CPU you have in your laptop/PC. With that said, Cisco does use specialized ASICs in their switches and these ASICs are designed/optimized for things like packet routing, packet inspection, QoS functionality, etc.
The TC01 looks awesome. It's made me hold off on buying a Limitless until TC01 is released. I really hope it's designed well and is able to handle at least 4S with out having to get a lot of aftermarket parts to make it durable.
And that's why you shouldn't check their reviews.
They look nothing alike.
By not having a cap on interest rates!
Time for them to get leg extensions! /s
&gt; quality content that would generate discussion. Can you provide some example of this?
Honestly you really should consider daily driving something newer say from 2012+ as the safety improvements compared to the 90s is pretty big. Even if you are a safe/good driver, half the drivers on the road are idiots and they are the ones you have to worry about.
Sure just because it runs fine do sent mean it'll save you against a stupid driver in a SUV.
3M Dual Loc.
Ask your dealer how to. I heard Lexus has great customer service.
This was going to be my recommendation as well. VR maybe the best option as it would be a very flexible. Upcoming games like Microsoft Flight Sim 2020 would look really good in VR. There's a lot of existing good VR experiences as well.
What car are you putting this on exactly? Anyway, Hobbywing is quite popular due to quality vs performance. You couldn't go wrong with it. With that said, the Hobby King Xcar is like 1/2 the price.
No support rollers?
Meh get a waterproof phone. It'll survive fine in a short dunk in a bathtub.
Because of the weight? OP has added them in parallel so it's not like a 8S pack.
Welcome to US politics.
Massive driver issues especially at launch. A buddy of mine got one for his new build. He got pissed off with the driver issues after 2 or so weeks and returned it.
TIL. Did not realize that was built by Steyr.
Difference is at least OZ is a good surgeon. Kilmer is just a shade tree mechanic who can't keep up with tech.
&gt; ask me how I know :( No need to ask. Your flair gives the answer.
&gt; You don't even get push to start on the gt without adding it as a separate $500 option. That's just really silly. If a $23k Mustang can have this there's really no reason to not have it as standard on a car these days.
Double check your wiring on the receiver. Make sure you didn't accidentally reverse the connectors.
Brake cleaner will eat away at lots of types of rubber/plastics.
You probably didn't let it dry completely. Your electronics are probably gone if it was shorted out. However let it dry out for a few more days and try again. Use compressed air to blow out any water from hard to reach places. Take a look at the rest of the mechanical parts. If those are still fine, why not just replace the ESC, servo, and receiver?
Your balance connector wires came loose? What brand battery?
I can't tell if you're being serious or sarcastic....
Smh. CIG could have easily spun off Arena Commander in a similar fashion if they spent some time on it instead of wasting it on Illfonic and Star Marine. Assuming combat isn't terrible, EA's Squadrons will sell well. So many people want to redo that X Wing nostalgia.
You're absolutely right. I was thinking of the Stinger GT. Fixed now.
So what you're saying is everything CIG tends to show off is not much more than a tech demo?
Man, I was kind of looking forward to that :(
Investments and such.
RCLifeOn has several 3D printed boat videos. You should take a look at those videos as a starting point and go from there. Rc boats are pretty simple. You just need a motor, ESC, receiver, prop and servo.
What was your fan setting during the print?
It's definitely not level. There's a big gap between the bed and nozzle right now.
Typhon getting mixed reviews? Really? The only complaint people seems to have is with the arms and transmitter having lag. Both are easily fixed with aftermarket stuff. Get the 3S or 6S depending on your budget. Avoid the brushed version unless you want to stay brushed. The cost of upgrading to brushless on that Mega version will put you at the cost of the 3S version.
Yes! Especially at around 1:40, 4:07 and a few other spots. It could honestly have passed off as a game trailer for say Gran Turismo/Forza lol.
Flair checks out lol.
That Toyota dude didn't say they developed the 4 banger version for engine swaps. He said that if you're planning to do the engine swap, wait for the 4cyl version as it'll be cheaper (which is true).
&gt; new Nissan Z coming Won't be here until 2022ish right?
&gt; What kind of car enthusiast would buy a 4 banger on the Supra and not swap out the engine or do anything to it? News flash: This car isn't aimed at just enthusiasts. It's aimed at a much wider audience. There's plenty of people who would be attracted to the looks and the "Supra" name but don't want to spend extra $10k-ish for the 3.0 version because they will never track the car or push it to it's limit.
Is an extra option you have to pay for. Most BMW owners don't know about it.
Such a pretty ship wasted as a niche role ship.
What do you mean by final voltage/current? The TP4056 will provide a maximum of 1A charge current. So for example if you have a 1000 mAh battery it will charge at 1C. If you had a 2000 mAh battery it'll charge at max of 0.5C. Now if you have a smaller battery, you should adjust the charge current down such that you don't exceed 1C charge rate just to be on the safe side. Also note by default most of these TP4056 boards have the max charge limited to 500mA so if you want full 1A charge capability you'll need to adjust a resistor on the board. In addition this is meant for a single cell LiPo. If you have a 2 cell or higher, you shouldn't use a TP4056. Now in terms of Vout on the breakout boards, there shouldn't be any noticeable voltage or current drop. Some of the breakout boards do have over current and over discharge functionality which may limit output current to a limit below what the battery is actually capable of. But you definitely want that over discharge protection. Don't get a breakout board which doesn't have this functionality. You don't want to drop below 2.5-2.7v on a LiPo as it will cause issues for the battery. Do not use a LiPo on a project without a having a BMS/low voltage cut off.
I'll belive that when the functionality is actually working. Right now all of that is theory crafting.
If you're using the Atmega MCUs take a look at Atmel Studio. It's quite powerful. Alternatively, VsCode or similar will work and is probably one of the most popular IDEs out now. Depending on what your product is and if you're working solo vs small team, your choice of IDE won't really matter. However, I do recommend setting up version control (Git/SVN). I highly recommend this for anyone doing decently complex projects, even hobbyists. Here, a IDE with Git/SVN integration would be a great choice. &gt; does Arduino code fair well in a production environment? Should it? Yes because at the end of the day it that high level Arduino code gets compiled down to low level code/instructions for the MCU. It may not be the most important optimized code, but it's probably fine for 90% of the uses. If you are going to turn this in to a commercial product, you have a lot of more than the IDE to think about. The IDE should be the least of your concerns.
Haha yeah. Reminds me of that xkcd comic on standards. Edit: https://xkcd.com/927/
Ask your average Android user what version of Android they are on and they'll be lost. Your average user doesn't really care about updates.
Depends on the joystick. Cheap ones are indeed just potentiometers. But you can get high quality hall effect joysticks, but they tend to be larger though.
&gt; so many people are totally incompetent and rather going with, If it wasn't for incompetence, that entire Star Marine/Illfonic fuck up wouldn't have happened. How many other fuck ups have happened internally since then but we don't know about and won't know until it's too late?
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ more!
You can, problem is they are often behind in versions and with OEMs having multiple parts and new versions of parts it can be an issue.
Electronics themselves are generally fine, the problem is the OEMs build in basically zero redundancy or proper failure handling of one component because it costs too much. Look at IBM and other vendors who are able to provide equipment and systems with five nines availability. The car OEMs won't and can't do it because it's all about maintaining the slim profit margins especially on the economy cars. This plus cars being designed for ease of assembly over repair.
Upgrading to brushless will cost him more than buying a 3S. And you can just dial down the power on the 3S version until you get a hang of it.
He'll probably be out in 2 for "good behavior" or some shit.
Or /u/I_RAPE_CATS Remember him?
Lol stop using the trash official app. Get something else that offers ad block.
Nice try.
&gt; Even then, let's say the hire more people. Another side of the community is going to be pissed that they hired them instead of more developers in order to speed up development. You remember that marketing investment they got...? I think they can use that to hire CMs as they more or less fall under the larger "Marketing" umbrella.
That would very much be a typical CIG PR move lol.
Isn't it funny that new concept ships are almost always released with a pretty regular cadence and don't tend to have months of delays?
Let him die alone.
I wonder if that account is a Police/FBI honeypot?
&gt; The silence we've been getting from them as well as the failure of the SQ42 video update to materialize does appear indicate there may be further delays, This is absolutely typical CIG behavior. Do you guys not remember the Hangar module, Arena Commander, Star Marine/Illfonic and so many other points where CIG acted this way? When shit is not going well, CIG doesn't say anything. To them silence is better than giving bad news. If SQ 42 was going smoothly, they would be ramping up the marketing pretty heavily around it. The fact that they haven't do so is a good indication they aren't close to ready. Remember how we had the physical game box art and I believe even prototypes shown off many years ago because they really thought their timelines were on point back then? They would be doing similar marketing stuff already for SQ 42 if it was on track for next year. edit: Here's a old post on them teasing the box art: https://www.reddit.com/r/starcitizen/comments/3higfx/silver_box_art_sandi_fb/ At one point I even recall Sandi showing off physical box/tin prototypes on IG or Twitter. They have done none of that with SQ 42 yet probably because they aren't ready. Remember, things like these physical boxes and USB sticks have a looong leadtime from suppliers especially now with COVID. Typical lead times can be 3-6 months and that would probably be 9 months by now. If SQ42 was a go for next year, they would be placing orders for the old physical good package items by and they certainly would be teasing it on social media.
Funny thing is, way back in the pre Arena Commander days, there was some talk in the community and even on Chat Roll (remember that???) with devs like Wingman about spinning off Arena Commander as a stand alone game similar to WoT. That obviously never happened, but it would have been interesting to see especially give EA's Squadrons that is getting a lot of press right now.
Just 2 short years ago, CR was confident about a 2020 release for SQ 42. Yet here we are... &gt;GamesBeat: Another interesting thing amid all of this is you do have a launch window now. What sort of confidence goes into that setting that up for Squadron 42? &gt; Roberts: [Laughs] We wouldn’t publish the road map if we didn’t feel pretty good about it. We spent a fair amount of time breaking all the remaining stuff down. [....] We feel that this is as good a guess as we can do this far out. The caveat, obviously, is that some things can take longer than we anticipate. But we’re looking to 2020 to release Squadron, in about Q3 or Q4. https://venturebeat.com/2018/12/20/star-citizen-interview-why-chris-roberts-raised-another-46-million-to-finish-sci-fi-universe/view-all/
&gt; advertised a release date No, it's to keep the concept ship sale money flowing. If they said something like "this game won't release until 2025" 5 years ago, you can be pretty confident they wouldn't have raised this much money by now.
People who roll coal for "more power" should listen to what Gale Banks has to say.
Just send it!
The Lost Souls are hilariously OP. I wish you could use them on other ships...
&gt; if it did we'd have squadron 42 by now (which was scheduled for 2016, 2017, and 2018). Remember how CR was confident about the SQ 42 roadmap back in 2018? Funny how that turned out... &gt;GamesBeat: Another interesting thing amid all of this is you do have a launch window now. What sort of confidence goes into that setting that up for Squadron 42? &gt; Roberts: [Laughs] We wouldn’t publish the road map if we didn’t feel pretty good about it. We spent a fair amount of time breaking all the remaining stuff down. [....] We feel that this is as good a guess as we can do this far out. The caveat, obviously, is that some things can take longer than we anticipate. But we’re looking to 2020 to release Squadron, in about Q3 or Q4. https://venturebeat.com/2018/12/20/star-citizen-interview-why-chris-roberts-raised-another-46-million-to-finish-sci-fi-universe/view-all/
To be honest, most ships should be priced lower during Alpha so people can actually try them out/test it... And I'm saying this as a Carrack owner.
That's kind of surprising. I wouldn't have expected 2S to provide this kind of capability.
Good bot.
Ah you're right. I misread it as him comparing two different engines.
Ehhhhh I wouldn't exactly call 2020 fun lol.
Anyone know how this compares to say the Dexos and similar manufacturer specific certifications?
OP did you fully charge the the battery before you ran it? Out of the box, batteries come with a storage charge. Also what battery brand?
Agreed.
Too bad many of those Forums are dying due to Facebook. It's really hard to find info on Facebook compared to old Forums.
Heh, when you said Enderdrone I was expecting a Carrier lol.
This could have passed of as real cars at first glance if they didn't have the decals on the front glass.
Wrap it in some Kapton tape or electrical tape. Then obviously charge it in a safe location.
&gt; , but have likely not yet found an appropriate way to demonstrate progress without spoilers. This is such a bullshit statement considering Chris himself gave away the high level plot/setting of SQ 42 many years ago in an interview. Go look for that old Blastr interview if you can still find it.
Watch, CIG is absolutely going to blame all delays on COVID and use that as a scapegoat lol.
Dude there's still tons of interest in single player games, see Cyberpunk 2077 hype for example.
It's 11 day old account that has done nothing but self promotion stuff. And giving vague answers to questions from interested people is a good way to piss off people and get down votes.
Make sure you have the correct COM port selected in the Arduino IDE. Otherwise you may not see anything in the serial monitor. Would you happen to have a cheap logic analyzer by any chance?
What's your budget? If you you're on a tight budget the WLToys 14401 from Banggood is pretty darn good value. If can spend some, I'd take a look at something that's at least 3S something like an Arrma Typhon 3s. Some people might say that's too much for a beginner but you can always dial down the power by running 2S and reducing the punch and power settings.
Reverse maybe disabled in the ESC or transmitter.
Oh I'm sure someone did but was overruled because this was better for assemble so they saved a few minutes on the assembly line.
How?!??
We're going to need a video of you bashing in it now.
The Spectrum mods especially have this view and basically censor most criticism.
Agreed.
Yeah good luck with that. I don't see any lawyer takings something like that simply because you accept the risks when you spend the money. Unless someone is leaks documents or something that could lead to to legal action by either the backers or the Government, nothing is will happen.
Nah, probably marketing. They probably wanted to hype stuff up in preparation for the Fleet Week sale.
I think you're either confusing FCC certification (or whatever your country equialant is) with the USB/WiFi/BT certification and licensing from a chip vendor perspective. For a normal product, as long as you use a properly certified and licensed module you won't have an issue. The license is already paid for by the vendor when they made the module. Getting your device FCC certified and such is a different story and quite different from what you're asking about in the OP.
Yup. I think OP's confusing the licensing that a chip vendor has to go through or he's confusing FCC certification for a device he's thinking of selling. &gt; If you BUY devices from any vendor, they have the license to SELL those units. Only caveat to that would be if you're buying clones or similar from China.
Those are all licence fees for using the Bluetooth or WiFi logos in your product and such.
Actually I did some digging. Bluetooth changed their certification program in 2015 such that your company now needs to be a member of Bluetooth SIG in order to release an official Bluetooth using product.
Damn it. Why did you have to bring that up....
I assume you've limited the shock/suspension travel?
I can't belive redding hasn't thought about selling name changes like so many MMOs do lol.
How does it feel to be a quarter century old? 😛
Build a custom mesh cage.
Then posts on /r/AskReddit or /r/teenagers months after they realize their fuck up.
Or "Core Tech" heh.
It's probably stuck in development hell with stuff getting reworked constantly due to screw ups and what not. I mean this is the company that had subcons build an entire module to the wrong spec...
Yes, it had internal Beta for Q4. But we all know that's never going to happen lol.
&gt;In many cases it's been outright dishonest and that's far worse than just doing a poor job. Here's an interview from CR just a short 2 years ago: &gt;GamesBeat: Another interesting thing amid all of this is you do have a launch window now. What sort of confidence goes into that setting that up for Squadron 42? &gt; Roberts: [Laughs] We wouldn’t publish the road map if we didn’t feel pretty good about it. We spent a fair amount of time breaking all the remaining stuff down. [....] We feel that this is as good a guess as we can do this far out. The caveat, obviously, is that some things can take longer than we anticipate. But we’re looking to 2020 to release Squadron, in about Q3 or Q4. https://venturebeat.com/2018/12/20/star-citizen-interview-why-chris-roberts-raised-another-46-million-to-finish-sci-fi-universe/view-all/ I can forgive CIG missing targets they gave back in 2013/2014 because they were a new company and ramping up, but by 2017 they had multiple studios built and several hundred people working. They absolutely should have been able to target a release window +/- a quarter or two. At this point, it looks very much like CIG is off by at least a year or two for SQ 42 release.
This is a terrible way to look at it. Without financial pressure at all, there's little reason not to drag your feet. It's the same shit gov't contractors pull until someone lights their ass on fire to have the contract terminated for under performance. &gt;I want them to get it right. Not quick. Perfection is the enemy of progress. And by the sounds of it, CR's perfectionist attitude is why the project is still stuck... You don't need a product that's 100% perfect when a 99% perfect product will meet the needs of 99% of the people.
You know they could pull a relatively stable QA build that was done and use that right?
&gt; Or maybe it's not that they're being perfectionists, but more that the original video would have showed a distinct lack of progress, so footage needed to be re-recorded to cover the areas that were weak? My bet is on this. It's the same shit CIG has pulled in the past.
Subcontractors like Illfonic and CGBot
Way cheaper than that. I just had a 2 layer 50x50mm board made at just $2 for 5 boards from JLC recently. I did pay $15 for expedited shipping though :P
How is he not doing banned from filing frivolous lawsuits?
I mean that's basically how a filter/air purifier works... It's all about the filter material.
Based on the rest of your comment's you are a BJP supporter aren't you?
&gt; ND1 you'll have have transmission worries in the back of your mind. Mind explaining the transmission issues on the ND?
Sure but if you don't order a few at once you now have to wait for shipping. And deal with swapping it out.
What's your budget? Hard to make recommendations without a budget...
That value is probably based on stall current. It's not inconceivable to have a 2kW draw in that scenario.
Good to see you link to Drach's video.
Destroyer and submarine captains were a pretty crazy bunch.
In that case, I would say just get the TRX4 or SCX 10 *if* you think you'll stick with the hobby long term. Both are well liked. I don't think either one is a "clear winner". However, it's worth pointing out that Traxxas is huge and their parts tend to be available at local hobby stores which can be handy. If you're not sure if you'll stick with this long term, I'd say look in to some of the Redcat offerings in the $200ish range.
Dude, why are you putting in a cold air intake? And which intake are you putting in? What exactly is your goal?
It can help you get a better feel for the track layout if you're using a proper racing sim like iRacing and a good sim setup. I run at Summit Point pretty often and running the same track in iRacing was helpful.
Agreed. A lot of pro racers started out in karting. However, during off season, getting in some sim time can be useful.
It might be the original "Space Superiority" Connie they promised at the very beginning!
Nah, mostly because Bezos is around. And unlike Elon, Bezos isn't unstable. Plus AWS alone runs like half the internet now.
Lol couldn't tell. There's a huge amount of people on Reddit who worship Elon.
/r/suddenlysexoffender
How is this guy not banned from filing frivolous lawsuits?
Someone should send this video to her employer....
Spot on. Most of performance cars don't come with a track alignment. They come with a good alignment for everyday use as that's what 99% of the people will be dojng. A properly done track alignment setup makes a difference. If someone is serious about tracking their car they'll get a track alignment done.
I have printed with all the Proto Pasta and Colorfabb Metal fill filaments. What do you want to to know? Pro Tip: if you are using Capricorn XS tubing with these metal fill filaments, you probably want to to switch it out to the stock tube or the non-XS version. The tolerence on the XS tube are tighter than the tolerence of the filament and it can cause under extrusion. Also strength wise they are actually worse than even normal PLA. It's very brittle and layered adhesion it's poor. They are mainly an artistic filament.
They would be fine for something like dice assuming at least 3 walls/perimeters. They just aren't suitable for most type of functional part that people try to use these types of filament for.
Forget the PU for a minute. Look at SQ 42. The "simpler" of the two games to make and its missed targets pretty much since 2015/2016. The fact that CIG having such a hard time with SQ 42 despite most of the 400+ people working on it does note bode well for the PU. &gt; cut a lot of scope and make a releasable and fairly fun game in like 2 years. They can't do that when a good part of the core tech isn't built out right now and by the progress rate so far it'll be quite a while. Heck, they are still working on Items 2.0 stuff. We heard about Items 2.0 back in 2017 and it still sounds like they have a bunch of work still left to do on it. &gt; they have no real pressure on them to do anything. You are all investors Not even investors. We're just low level stakeholders without much respect from CIG.
Are they the exact same though? Same caps and everything?
What meterial? PETG? Did you try annealing them for additional strength (annealing will require you to account for shrink rates though am will take a few trial and errors to get right). Prusa as well as CNC Kitchen has a few videos on annealing if you want to look in to it.
Maybe look in to a small crawler like the SCX24 as a starting point? They don't have the speed and power of the large 1/10+ scale crawler (and much lower speed than a buggy too) but that maybe a good thing for a very young kid. That plus you can run it indoors/small back yard and won't really break anything around the house if they crash in to something with it.
+1 for the SCX24. My recommendation as well for a small kid.
It's a 1/24 scale crawler... It's not exactly meant for speed.
Charge it at 1C max. For that battery that means 12A max charge current.
Man you people are like kids... Actually worse than kids.
Charge with whatever currents your charger can handle up to 12A max. Bit like the other poster said you probably want to get a different charger for optimal performance.
Would it though? Especially with USB pass through?
It's almost like two sides want to push their version of the narrative instead of the truth...
What's your budget?
