At a minimum, I would like to see a way to be able to heal allied dwarves up to the normal "revive" level. (i.e. the equivalent of downing and then reviving them). It *would* be interesting to be able to upgrade that mechanic too though.
I didn't see anything in the article explicitly going one way or another there; just &gt;The town plans to charge $79 a month for standalone Internet service with gigabit download and upload speeds and no data caps, Which makes me assume that they intend to directly provide service.
I would argue that would be hot standby if you have a solid deployment environment that can turn it into a functional machine in a fully automated way. If it requires a human to go bring it up, it's cool at best.
Alternatively, you put weird magical initial values in that are *exactly cancelled out* by the parts of the first iteration that you don't want to have happen normally, thus getting alternative behavior for that one, and confusing whoever has to read the code next.
I very rarely have *performance* problems. There isn't really such a thing as an emulator for Windows, so any performance overhead is usually minimal. WINE is just a function library, and even a VM has a pretty small performance penalty as long as your processor has virtualization extensions (which pretty much all modern ones do). Issues are more often ones of functionality. Crash upon launch, black screen instead of content, anti-cheat detection or DRM gets confused and won't function -- things like that. Before the Steam/Proton system, anything with Steam integration was likely to be a huge mess. However, that said, quite a lot of the things I play run fine on Linux. Roughly half my library has native support, and I would say maybe even a majority of the remaining options just kinda work without problem. Nevertheless I do have Windows systems on my TV-type setup, so most "real games" end up played on there in any case... which skews my results.
You have two options: Constant pressure drop -- This removes a constant amount of pressure: if the output pressure + spring pressure is higher than input it will close down; if the input pressure is higher than output+spring it will open up. Constant output pressure -- Similar to the above, except slightly more complex to build. You use what amounts to a hydraulic system to do the force amplification you need. Now your feedback is set so that if output &gt; spring it closes; output&lt;spring it opens. When ideally tuned, it just sits more or less still, and only moves to accommodate changes in pressures or flow rate. The drop in pressure comes from forcing the fluid through a sufficiently small gap.
Yep -- this is either a company vehicle for a watermelon company, or a terrible idea.
Also, don't feel like you need to "do trains right" to start off with. If you have a far-away outpost or something, you can lay track to it, drop a train on the track, and just drive out to it. Plus, if you need to move some materials, you can throw a wagon on the back. From there, you can throw a stop on either end, do a train/wagon/wagon/train, and let it bounce back and forth moving stuff. The real benefit ends up coming later though: if you want to go further, you don't need to go run new belts -- you can just connect the new track to the existing track, and do that. If you want more than one train on the same set of tracks you'll need to use signals, but you can do a lot even without that.
If you're willing to stretch the definition of "tree", the [Strangler Fig](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strangler_fig) does that.
My guess was that the fig died to alternative reasons, and the tree eventually went around it. However, the amount of rot on the inside of the tree makes me think your guess is correct.
Deciding on and agreeing on a permanent name is a somewhat tricky proposition. The placeholders were things like ununhexium -- literally 116-ium.
That's why you mount a disco ball (without lights) on an RC car.
They're basically just turning exposure up as high as the camera would go, and ISO down as low as it would go. Depend on the settings your camera supports, you very well might have better or worse options.
That is allowed...ish. The problem is that `~` is a shell level expansion to the current user's home directory. You can run a simple `echo ~` to test this. In other words, as long as the local user happens to have the same home directory as the remote, it will work fine. If not (for example, you're going between two different usernames), it will fail because the path corresponding to the local user's local home directory is not correct on the remote system.
I think the only sane answer is to have a standard of intentional blatant disregard for the law. Sure, that would leave a fair number of potential cases unaccounted for, but it preserves the benefits of the LLC.
TBH, that would be fine(ish). Currently the model is - do illegal things with corporation - extract all the money from the corporation - let corporation go bankrupt and dissolve when you get caught - keep all the money, since you already extracted it beforehand If you actually have to pay for the insurance (which would have pretty hefty premiums if the company though you were likely to actually get in trouble for this), you're *actually paying*. Since any money the corporation spends is money that you'd otherwise keep, that is effectively out of pocket.
I don't know about the UK's law on nuisance calls, but there are likely some ground rules about this. I'd guess things like - you can call people to advertise things, but - if they tell you to not call them, you can't any more - there may be a national database of blacklisted numbers to not call - you have to actually call them, rather than robodialing a dozen numbers and connecting the salesperson to whatever picked up - you can't just call with an automated message, unless they have previously agreed to it
So, you should probably determine what your workstations actually draw, because I'm pretty sure it's not that high. I would guess probably around 400W (150 proc, 200 gfx, 50 ancillary) at full load, but you should determine that for your machines.
That one is interesting and complex -- much of that is, rather than avoiding spending money, it's about the "government employees == bad" meme. If you subscribe to the concept that government is fundamentally evil, it's much better to get a private contractor to do something, than to just hire someone. Also, for certain competitive fields, federal pay can be a hurdle, while contracts are black boxes that can pay people whatever they want. Taking your example, what do you think would happen (in terms of political fallout) if you tried to turn half of those contract positions into full-time government positions?
It entirely amounts to trust, and holding the VPN company to a high standard. For an ISP, most of the time "access to Internet" is their product, they're a monopoly player, and you have no other options. If you don't like their policies, you're out of luck. For a VPN, their entire product is privacy. If they don't provide that, there's no point, and if their customers learn this, they just leave. Additionally, there are dozens of major players in the market (with hundreds or thousands of smaller ones), which means there's actual competition. ----- In other words, it seems reasonable to trust that a Swiss company that says "we do not interfere with or log any traffic going through our endpoints" is going to be significantly less likely to do exactly that, compared to an ISP that has a known history of doing such things.
If it's a quick process 99/100 times, I envy your software stack. We're more like 20 times out of 100, and even then there are a couple packages that will sometimes spontaneously fail for no apparent reason.
You can just go around. Or throw platform islands onto it, and then enjoy as the glyphids get stuck in the quagmire and are easily picked off.
A database of known working games is more effort than it's worth. Even a simple recursive descent parser should be able to go through games extremely quickly -- - List all the legal things you can do - Try one of them - If you lose, undo, and try the next option - If you win, you're done - If there are no more possible moves you've not tried, it can't be won. If you include a "known positions" system, it's even faster. That would be so that, for example, if you have 1, 2, and 3 available, the two ways of getting there (1 onto 2 onto 3; 2 onto 3; 1 onto 23) end in the same place, and aren't tried twice. This can be done with a simple hash table. Since you're not *actually* running the game; just manipulating a small internal datastructure, I would expect that burning through 10-100M moves/s should be reasonable on a normal computer. Anyway, you can randomly generate a game, determine if it's solvable, and if it's not you scrap it and generate a new one.
Compute/storage tradeoff. There are many cases where it's easier to just do the work again, rather than saving the result. I suspect this is one of them. It costs effectively nothing to have the game do a winability test on instantiation. To MS, the computational cost (which happens on users' computers) is entirely free. It costs a small amount of additional work to pre-gen a set of games, limit the game to using that set, ship a file describing that set, etc. ----- As an interesting aside, I once wrote a piece of software looking for paths from one place to another. For reasons, this was only *random* paths that ended there -- so the method was to generate a few billion (or hundred billion, depending on settings) paths, pick the ones that worked, and use those. Usually less than 1% of paths made it. The fast method was to walk down the path (not recording it), test if it worked, and then save the random seed that produced the path if it worked. For all the successful paths, they were calculated twice. This ended up being MUCH faster than if we had stored the path history while it was being generated -- compute is just that much cheaper than storage. (In this case, we're talking GPU compute vs. memory speed)
Depending on region, that is likely somewhere between "a little" and "very" illegal. The legal (and safe) way of doing this is to put in a transfer switch on some (or all) of your circuits. That way you can select external mains, or generator for what powers everything, but it's physically impossible to connect mains to generator.
That's actually how the legal solar setups work already -- if the lines lose power, the solar inverters cut out.
He didn't (obviously) fry the bearing though, so there's that.
He grappled the first time... looked to me like (despite being the only person left alive) he didn't bother waiting for the grapple to recharge before jumping. Which might be worse.
If DRG is good alone, or with pugs, it is ten times better with more people in the same room. Definitely the best local co-op I've played in at least a decade.
[Ocean water isn't stagnant](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/67/Ocean_currents_1943_%28borderless%293.png). Most places in the world have mph-class long-range currents that will cycle the water. Consider what happens when you dump 100 m^(3)/s of fresh water into the ocean. You get a few km^2 worth of fresh water plume extending out into the ocean, before it's mixed and distributed to the point of indistinguishability. If *that* doesn't destroy the local salinity, raising the salinity of the water you process by 20% isn't going to. If you properly push your exhaust offshore, it will have a negligible effect on the local ecosystem.
&gt; Dropping someone in a one-shot with a level 20 character would be like sitting me in the cockpit of a stealth fighter and telling me to go dogfight. A good point -- unless your players are (all) incredibly attentive and rules savvy players, that's not really a happening thing. Personally, I think I could do it, but it would require a good few hours of prep-work to learn the mechanics of the characters. The caveat that I will give is that if the person building the character intends it to be pick-up friendly, that could be brought down dramatically. By emphasizing passive bonuses over modal combat, and also preparing a "list of things you can do", I would say you could bring the operational complexity down closer to that of a 10th level normal character.
&gt; I think maybe an upgrade that improved sentry AI to target weakpoints could be an easier way to provide an unlockable method of increasing dps. I would like them to *prefer* weakpoints if available, or at least to not fire on indestructible armor (i.e. don't burn all the ammo on praetorians or dreadnoughts). However, the following would be cool: Upgrade Option 1: Only target weakpoints. Upgrade Option 2: Only target armor; armor breaking +lots. (Upgrade Option 3: don't specialize; mediocre bonus) You thus can either set it to conserve ammo, and increase damage by only hitting weakpoints (at the cost of refusing to fire if it doesn't have a good shot). Alternatively, you can make it much more effective at stripping off armor (at the cost of refusing to fire killing blows). If you don't want to specialize, you could instead leave the AI alone, opting out of specialization. By armor stripping, I'm picturing putting them up ahead of the team's location, and the end result being swarms of glyphids coming in with their armor mostly blasted off, and thus being easy prey. ---- Another cool feature would be if you could edit the turret firing choices. For example, I would probably set my turrets to fire upon swarmers, web/acid spitters, mactera spawn/grabbers, and exploders. Bonus points if this could be set per-turret, but I'm with you that they probably don't want to go that route.
Do you know if turrets only prefer targets from the engineer that set them up, or will they also follow the requests of other allies?
Correct, if you're asking what I think you are. Linear matrix operations are enough to do operations within Euclidean geometry, including orthonormal coordinate projection. However, if you want to have a "realistic" camera, you want perspective effects, which are nonlinear. To really see this, [consider four- and five-point perspective](http://artxplorez.com/drawing-and-illustrations/four-point-and-five-point-perspective-illustration).
&gt; &gt; &gt; I wouldn't treat 2nd weapons differently from 1st weapons though, in order to have a consistent feeling about modifications throughout the class progression. And to avoid diminishing the 1st weapon, specifically altering the perception of its qualities against the 2nd weapon. But... &gt; &gt; ​ &gt; &gt; &gt; 1st weapon: acceptably strong without upgrades --&gt; no such thing as a "bad upgrade choice", since you're never worse than baseline. &gt; &gt; ​ &gt; &gt; You make a good point here. When discovering the game it can be frustrating to make "bad choices" about modifications, especially when you don't have a clue of what is doing what. If both weapons are equally useful/armful when fully upgraded the idea of a "smoother" progression for the 1st weapon is pretty tempting (from a newbie point of view, I guess). Fair. Luckily, I have a solution: start the weapons off with pre-purchased upgrades. Make it so that slots 1-3 are unlocked and selected out of the box with a boring "acceptable choice" (damage, ammo, etc). Slots 4 and 5 can be bought to get more cool stuff (those tend to have the weird upgrade options). That way, you can first upgrade your stuff to be better with some level of specialization, and you can also choose to upgrade into a fully specialized weapon. That would allow experienced players to make major modifications to the functionality of their weapons, while providing new players with an enforced set of choices to bootstrap them into the game.
[Here you go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTIHKJ3nXLk).
It should, yes. My IANAL understanding of this is that "Place your right index finger on the power button of this phone" is a legal order. "Tell us a passcode/etc (that we don't know) is getting into 5thA territory, because to successfully obey the order you have to provide evidence (i.e. that you know the code to the phone)". Similarly, it would be legal for police to use a passcode written in your wallet, or to have you type in a code that they provided (though that would be pointless).
Press F to pick up. Or to indicate a forced operation.
Ah, I read that as being anything related to compression. So, both initial compression and later decompression will fall under the heading. E: And yes, compression detection doesn't work on stdin. I'm a little curious why TBH -- I guess maybe tar wants to figure out what it needs to do and spool up the decompression library before it starts reading in data.
More verbose and arguably less efficient (CPU is cheap though) than the pure `find` version: SOURC="/src" DEST="/dest" cd "$SOURCE" find . -type f -name '*.alac' -print0 \ | while IFS= read -r -d '' file; do mkdir -p "$DEST/$(dirname "$file")" mv "$file" "$DEST/$file" done Compared to the version using find to do all the work, this should be somewhat easier to understand, and does not create the directory structure for otherwise empty directories. However, it will test for the existence of the directory for each file, which may take slightly longer than doing all the directories at once.
&gt; This will only work if we move to a battery lease/rent system though, or if we pay owners quite a bit of money to reimburse them for the wear on their batteries Luckily, the wear on the batteries is actually relatively low. Practical EV's generally are on the order of 30-100kWh. Average per-capita US electricity consumption is 1.3kW -- in other words, if 10% of people have a participating EV, you're only looking at around a C/3 charge or discharge rate... which is quite friendly on the batteries. Additionally, you can get pretty far on just synchronizing charging, without messing with discharging-to-grid -- EVs can soak a whole lot of cheap peak power, and just *not draw* during low supply times.
It's not the acceleration in Earth's gravity that you're using to calculate G. It's how much *different* it is when you put your own big known weight nearby. However, "acceleration towards earth mass" and "acceleration towards earth mass, minus acceleration towards big weight we put above it" are going to be very very similar, due to the extreme difference between "Earth", and "a big thing we put there".
These are pretty cool pictures (this, and another one someone linked). It looks like you have RGB LEDs, rigged to transition between the colors, which does give a neat effect. However, another cool thing you could try is labeling your various extremeties. So, for example, you could put a big white light on the center of your torso, and then red and yellow on left/right forearms, and blue / cyan on your left/right calves. That way there would be a path lighting up how your body goes up the rock, with the other colors dancing around it.
IIRC the proof on that is that intergalactic space isn't entirely empty, which means that if there was a transition region, it would be "exciting" enough to be visible.
Outside of certain proprietary things, you should be installing via package manage. This will put various components into `/usr`, along with `/etc`, `/var` and so on as appropriate. In general there is no reason to mess with that. I have a reasonably fully installed Ubuntu install here.. using a whopping 12GB. In other words, allocate 20 GB (or more, if you want to be comfortable) on /, and don't worry about it. Steam, in contrast, is responsible for 171GB in `~/.steam`... but that both can be put elsewhere, and is a steam setting, not a linux one.
To the OP: If they're spending time in a non-high-altitude pressurized mansion to rest, they are *not* acclimating, by the way. So their rests should reset the high-altitude DC, but also prevent them from getting the bonus for it. (Granted, DC 15 still isn't terribly hard for a party of that level).
This incident summary reads 110% better if interpreted as a rogue AI incident, with CL "Field Operations" teams getting dispatched to purge infected nodes.
Ah, I see -- I used single quotes within the string, and forgot that they were already used outside. That is a very interesting way of accomplishing the shell quoting via xargs.
So, /r/politics?
&gt; A chemist would say that, technically, all oil is organic because it contains carbon. Does oil require carbon by definition, or just convenience. I expect that you should be able to fabricate some type of silane compound to fulfill that role. Cyclopentasilane can be made to polymerize, so...
&gt; I think that I can use different type of radiators since I'm in the realm of sci-fi. That might have to be one of your Big Lies. Cooling is one of the huge problems in space work. You don't have conduction or convection as cooling techniques (i.e. the way we cool basically everything on Earth). You just have radiation. Now, things to know about radioactive heat exchange: 1. Power pushed out is proportional to radiator area exposed. 2. Power pushed out is isotropicly emitted -- if you try to have multiple layers, they just heat each other up. You will notice the ISS's radiators don't face each other. 3. Power pushed out is proportional to (absolute) temperature to the 4th power. Twice as much power is pushed out from a radiator at 85C compared to 30C. 4. This is where "color temperature" comes from. As you get to 1500K or higher, you start to radiate in the visible spectrum. Emitted frequency (peak of a distribution) is proportional to temperature. Thus, you either need to handwave a non-radiative heat release method (most of these will be 2nd law violations), or handwave that high temperature radiators are used to get rid of that much heat. Possibly with heat pumps.
From a strict sense, if any particle collides with the retreating piston, that particle -- and thus the whole gas -- will have lost energy.
From experience, getting a pen is easy. Talent... not so much.
I think one of your issues is that you haven't exactly defined what you mean by "higher rewarding gunplay". The various weapons are tools to protect yourself while you accomplish objectives. If you are decent at using the weapon, you can accomplish that task more quickly and with lower ammunition consumption. If you're not, you can't (and at higher difficulties run the risk of running out of ammunition). I have no idea what other kind of "reward" you would expect. By the way, the scaling there is a lot different with a 4-person team, depending on hazard level. On Haz 4, there are twice as many enemies with 4 compared to 1 person... and no more ammo (Additionally, boss-class enemies have more health). They weapons and classes have varying strengths and weaknesses; no class is good at everything. Depending on choices, you can make a given class extremely strong at one particular thing, or acceptable at many things. The game is balanced around a 4-player team. Single player is basically an afterthought, with Bosco being a general-purpose fill-in to make it possible. It will probably be improved at some point, but it's not a priority. I will give that the weapon-unlock system is a little weird as it currently stands. It will probably be adjusted again, but -- as you've discovered -- there is a range in which you can build a Scout that is extremely weak against moderately large swarms of enemies. In practice, either you need a team to support you, or to not play the M1000 on difficult matches until you unlock the Zhukov's to support it. Incidentally, I would list the following weapons as "If you don't aim for a weakpoint hit with every round, you're not playing well": Deepcore, M1000, Stubby, Subata, Plasma gun, Bulldog. The Autocannon and minigun are honorable mentions, because they have modified mechanics (Autocannon you can't really aim once it's fully spun up, and minigun you can't aim *until* it's spun up). With Zhukovs you ideally want double weakpoint hits, but that's rarely possible.
&gt; 2+ scouts in a game can be a detriment though, the lack of explosives can be really annoying on haz 4 and 5 At that point, the only thing for it is to go 100% scout. Sure, you are missing a lot of useful things, and it makes the effective difficulty of killing enemies about half to one hazard level higher... but you don't have to worry about leaving anyone behind. All the normal slow "make sure the gunner or engineer can get back up" stuff is gone.
&gt;Something that grinds my gears are engi players who simply wait for the scout to hop on their platform. While we're at it, let's add when there is a platform 20m up, but the scout is too busy mining the ground level resources to bother going up there...
&gt; or you have plenty of nitra Even then, that would mean you should instead call a second resupply (based on normal resupply rules). Chances are that after everyone gets one, you probably don't need another right away.
Facebook has a fatal adoption flaw: it's still primarily facebook. That's a major down-side for many people, who don't want the product that it pushes on you. [Stats for teenage FB adoption have *dropped* over the past three years](https://www.pewinternet.org/2018/05/31/teens-social-media-technology-2018/). If that company wants to be an overwhelmingly dominant platform, it'll need to give up on pushing its social media aspect. I don't expect that to happen, which means it won't ever have the traction to cause appreciable damage to open source. ---- E: Contrast this to Microsoft or Google. What does a "Microsoft Account" actually mean? What about Google? It *could* be email. At one point in time it *could* be social networking. There are hundreds of services that could be attached to that account, but none of them are a core feature you can't avoid. It's a minimal-effort neutral log-in, and it doesn't really have any public connotations as a result.
I'll give a +1 on "why on earth are they using angle notation; ew." That said, [complex number division can be accomplished via angle subtraction](https://betterexplained.com/articles/intuitive-arithmetic-with-complex-numbers/). Which is how that angle math happened.
[Wikipedia's got a table to cover you](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coefficient_of_restitution#Predicting_from_material_properties). E: Wood isn't on that one. [It's on this one though](https://hypertextbook.com/facts/2006/restitution.shtml).
I may have misremembered/misquoted a bit, but I think it was from [this vox article](https://www.vox.com/2018/8/24/17768438/national-prison-strike-factory-labor). &gt;“We would receive services from an onshore agent — a US citizen — but at offshore prices. It’s a win-win for everyone involved,” the aforementioned CEO said.
Posted above, but ditto's for the benefit of your inbox: ----- I may have misremembered/misquoted a bit, but I think it was from [this vox article](https://www.vox.com/2018/8/24/17768438/national-prison-strike-factory-labor). &gt;“We would receive services from an onshore agent — a US citizen — but at offshore prices. It’s a win-win for everyone involved,” the aforementioned CEO said.
Really? that's weird. If you put `echo $UID` in the script, does it correctly respond that it's' running as UID 0 if you run it via `sudo`?
We're at the point where that answer comfortably depends on your eyesight (as well as your viewing conditions). 20/20 vision (a note: 20/20 is *average*, not "perfect"), at 10' can see things of roughly 35 mil. Translated to a DPI, that's roughly 30. If you have a screen 3' wide, that means you're going to need 1080 pixels to cover it. That's for discrete objects though. You'll probably want more pixels than that to be able to have smooth positioning and edges though -- 3-4x would make sense (which roughly corresponds to a 50-inch class 4k screen). Now, most people's vision is correctable to above 20/20, which would mean a necessary increase. Additionally, if you're closer than 10', or have a larger screen, that would also mean you'd want more pixels. Conversely, if your vision is 20/40, 1080p would be about as good as would be useful for you at that range. I will say that there's something kinda cool where you can get up, move closer, and only look at a fraction of the screen... and it's still clear. ---- 8k is pretty much only useful if you hit at least 2/3 of - You have a very large screen (e.g. 80"+) - You have good eyesight - You're close to it.
IDK -- miniboss duels up on the walls, sure. Shouldn't the BBEG showdown happen on the roof of the central tower of the keep? (Which, obviously, should be totally decked out with the necessary accoutrements for such an occasion)
Conversely, if you're valuable enough, you don't usually *have* to walk or make a public scene or whatever. That value carries with it a level of internal clout associated with your implicit threat to leave.
&gt; If you're wanting to do spectrum scanning up there you're actually better off using Ubiquiti network gear. One of the advantages of their access points is that their management software has a spectrum analyser mode. Does it only speak 802.11? Or is it like a real spectrum analyzer that will detect microwaves and stuff? That might be my next network upgrade if that's the case. Currently the best option I've found looks to be the HackRF One -- $300, but claims to support up to 6Ghz, with 20 MS/s worth of bandwidth. Not quite something most people can afford to buy on a whim though.
You can do it with Flow Control. It includes pipe variants (I think constructed out of a normal pipe, and when mined reverts to being normal again) which are straight-only, elbow-only, and tee-only. Thus you can lay parallel lines of pipe without them connecting.
If you'll take a mod for it, Angel's Petrochem has a flow splitter that does exactly that. I don't know if you can use it stand-alone though. (Strictly speaking you could always yoink that element out of the mod into your own version, but that'd be a lot of work).
Erm.. possibly? I also got a "basically no sewing" video. 4:05 long. Consists of roughly 3-second clips during which there might be a needle making a single pass through something with no explanation, at which point it cuts to 20 seconds of the final product being warn? The longest bit of actual sewing was 10 seconds from 2:02 to 2:12, which, if you watch it a couple times, you realize is someone using a pretty neat technique to sew tubular beads onto something.
This feels like it's three steps away from being a stand-alone containerized application. Put slow NAS in one side, get fast NAS out the other. And yes, like many of such things, it's probably a really bad idea to deploy into production.
There's chance you've just set a record for "most expensive reddit post I've ever read". I currently have a perfectly usable router with okay wifi capabilities. However, I recently got my hands on a decent switch with PoE, and it really needs to be used for more things... Plus, it looks like a UAP-PRO is &lt;$200.
&gt; 1) Non-conservative forces can act in the same direction as motion. A classic example: a heavy crate in the back of an accelerating pickup truck. Static friction provides the force to get the crate moving, and friction is a non-conservative force, but here it acts in the same direction as the crate's motion, and it increases the crate's mechanical energy. /u/EulerJr 's point about time-dependent forces is good too. For a "gotcha" example, we can take two stacked blocks moving together. Whatever the dynamics are, the friction between them will violate that claim. After all, equal and opposite -- if there's a friction force opposing the motion of the top block, it must be acting with the bottom one, or vice versa.
&gt; Here's the scenario: You're in an internal R&amp;D lab at work. Security knows how sensitive the data in that lab is, so internet access is blocked. You can only access domain servers, intranet resources, special R&amp;D shares, etc. It's a pretty secure environment, you can't access the internet, browsers don't work, ping never responds, etc. You have the secret formula for whatever, and in plaintext it's about 20KB worth of information. Too much to memorize. So, how do you get data out of this environment using the PC you have? TBH, unless security is astonishingly tight (in which case I would expect it to be air gapped, with any necessary services duplicated on the secure network)... Disposable film camera (if I'm not actively observed, or can burn my position). We can fit 1kB of normal text on a screen. If you make the text small you could probably get 4-5kB (but should probably use some redundancy). Alternatively, headphones. Like normal headphones, but with an embedded sound recorder. I've not tried reliability of recovering data after just piping a file into `aplay`, but I would expect &gt;1kB/s worth of usable exfiltration.
&gt; You might have to make minor sacrifices, but you will learn much. Just look up the location of the nearest butchery, and check the Arch wiki for what you should draw on the floor. OP will be fine.
Not positive, but at sufficiently low temperatures, magnetic field manipulation should be able to happen quickly (ms-s range) compared to the movement of the particles. The part of the cloud's expansion that occurs during that transient will be invalid, but after that there should be plenty of time for observing the process without the field in place.
&gt; I don't want a p.o.s. jack holding up a heavy duty truck because I dont want my truck falling, god forbid on somebody. Incidentally, this is why you should use jack stands. Don't trust hydraulics if you can avoid it.
So, getting electrons out of a piece of metal due to temperature. It's called [Thermionic emission](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermionic_emission), and is the reason vacuum tubes are heated up so that they glow. However, actually *doing* anything with that would be challenging. You have relatively low speed electrons getting kicked out of a hot filament. I suppose you could collect them, and get a bit of electric current out. You can come up with various schemes. ---- However, the fundamental problem here, that will keep you from violating the 2nd law, is symmetry. If your collection device is as hot as your emission one, it will also be emitting electrons. If you have any type of potential, the net electron flux will be in the wrong direction (i.e. down the potential gradient), so you'll be losing energy. Thus, if you want to collect energy out of this, you'll need your collector to be cooler than your emitter. .... [which means you've made a heat engine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermionic_converter). ----- E: You don't actually need normal kinetic energy equations here; the tools of statistical and thermal physics are plenty. First off, there's a "Work Function"... which is the energy per unit charge required to rip electrons off a metal. It's experimental data; you can just grab it from a table. Second, you have energy as a function of temperature. For that, you have a Boltzmann distribution. It basically hands you the answer of "what fraction of particles have X energy", as a function of temperature.
&gt; If magnetic field is strong enough electron will rotate in radius which is less then the distance between two molecules, the electron will escape the metal. Erm... what? 1. At that scale, a classic billiards-type model doesn't really work. The space occupied by an electron (i.e. its wavefunction) is comparable to the radius you're talking about. 2. Even if it was, the magnetic field will just redirect velocities. If you can get your electron to travel in a tight circle, it will keep going in that circle, rather than escaping. 3. If you have enough energy to escape, you have enough energy to escape. You don't need to magnetically redirect that velocity; you can just wait until it points "away", and you've got your thermioinic emission. E: Wait, are you actually instead trying to suggest that if you can magnetically constrain an electron enough, it will stop being confined in the metal? So, thing about metals -- each electron (in the conduction band, which is what we're working with) isn't hard-bound to a single atom. It's more softly bound -- along with the other scores of electrons nearby -- to all the nearby nuclei. Its more useful to think of the landscape caused by the charges of the atomic nuclei as a potential well. The electron is stuck in that well. If you want it to leave -- regardless of direction -- it needs enough energy to escape, and that energy will be expended during the escaping process.
As much as this is all entirely stupid and obviously wrong, HuffPo's analysis is apples to oranges. GDP is an *annual* economic production number. It's currency per unit time. China's GDP is the ~12T -- "value" should be placed higher. For example, Amazon's revenue (the closest analog of GDP) is $230B, but it's market capitalization (approximate value) is roughly $900B. So, China's total "value" is probably more like $50T. That is, what it would cost to buy "literally the whole thing". Of course, I'm not an economist, so that number is probably off by a fair bit.
They set up a system where any rational actor won't touch emails. - If it's a bad email and you click it, you get hurt badly - If it's a good email and you click it, neutral (business continues as normal - If it's a bad email and you don't click it, you're safe - if it's a good email and you don't click it, you're safe (and the sender is mildly inconvenienced) Even if you're 99% sure that an email is safe, there's no reason to take that risk. The link is a huge risk, and the payoff for being right is very small.
Not positive, but I'm guessing "then" is a misleading word. "Swiftly" is probably on the scale of documents, so is probably in the days to months range. You could e.g. check on it every week, and copy down the new column of letters that have showed up.
&gt; What would change with more precise measurments is the length of a metre since that's defined based on the speed of light. It wouldn't though, is the point. Once that definition was nailed down, the length of the meter was identically fixed with unlimited precision. A more accurate speed-of-light measurement would allow you to construct a more accurate measuring tool. That wouldn't change existing measurements though, because any high-precision metrology will have an uncertainty component due to the unknown length dimension they're using. An example might help illustrate. I have a 1m stick, and I'm using it for a local measurement of 'g'. I can't (correctly) say that the stick is 1m long though. I can say that it's 1m +/- 1µm... because that's how good my length measurement from speed-of-light is. That error will propagate down through all of my results. I will never be more accurate than one-in-a-million, due to that error source If I later get a better measurement of c, and use that to re-calibrate my stick, learning that it's actually 1m + 450nm +/- 10nm... that might let me refine my previous numbers, but it never changes them. My new, more accurate number, will be a smaller uncertainty, but that new value will still be consistent with my old, larger uncertainty. Restated, I was always using a stick of length 1m+450nm... I just didn't know my true length to enough precision to know that. However, I did know that I didn't know that length (if that makes any sense). It's a "known unknown".
[Are you one of those people that thinks cartoons are just for children](https://askabiologist.asu.edu/venom/protein-art)?
Well, we have it on record that Wube would prefer people pirate the game, than buy it off of grey-market sites. [FFF 145]
&gt; but merging wood onto 7 adjacent belts does get quite messy. It really ruins your clean design. Wouldn't you just include wood as an 8th resource belt, so that you use a straight 8--&gt;1 rather than the 7-&gt;1 balancer?
&gt;We have pretty much the same opinion with Kovarex regarding downloading the game from the torrents. If someone buys the game, well awesome. Don't really care whether he bought it straight away or tested it on the torrent first. If someone downloads it from the torrent, likes it / plays it, but never buys it - well not much we can do, at least he is having fun and maybe other people will learn about it this way (via him / her). ~~ Slpwnd.
So, as noted -- watts is instantaneous power output, watt-hours is total energy (i.e. runtime). Amusingly, these two are either well correlated, or anti-correlated. That sounds mildly stupid, but there are effectively two situations: 1. The device can handle putting out more power, because it has more battery. 2. The device has exactly the same battery, it's just being forced to work harder (thus lowering efficiency, and hence total energy). Look for a watt-hour rating. You will also find amp-hour (note: P = IV -- voltage * amp-hours = watt-hours), but due to things such as regulations in regards to air travel, watt hours has become more popular of a thing to put on these devices. ---- As a practical question, what are you trying to run, and for how long?
So you're saying that I need to start selling pinhole sunglasses with weirdly shaped holes, so that I can impose weirdly-shaped bokeh upon my ~~victims~~ customers' vision?
No. Unless - 1. you allow some weird definitions of what "land" means 2. you allow some weird definitions of what "coin" means As an example of (1), I could catch the coin. It's now both heads and tails, because by one set of rules I just open my hand to show heads, and by another set of rules I place it onto my other wirst, which shows tails. Alternatively, I could claim that to people in Australia, it's the other way around. As an example of (2), I could cut the coin down the center, unfolding and butterflying it like a steak. Now, one of the ways the coin can land is two blank circles; the other is both heads and tails simultaneously.
Mildly trick question. You correctly identified that you need 8 m^3 of volume displacement to lift the block. You forgot to account for the fact that the block itself is displacing 1 m^3 already.
Well, sorta. Kernel level patches could do some types of security domain mitigation, by using stick-level isolation. It's not particularly scaleable of a solution, but if you have a dozen memory sticks in a server, that gets you a dozen security domains that can't be crossed by attacks like this.
And that's only a partial mitigation. &gt;While Rowhammer-induced bit flips have been demonstrated on TRR, it is harder to accomplish in practice. I have a mitigation for rambleed, all of the CPU speculative attacks, etc. We just give up and go back to running every independent security context on separate hardware. I suppose we don't have to immediately give up on virtualization; we just need chassis with dozens of independent ARM VM blades in them.
Oh, the proposed legislation is not subtle, and doesn't say anything about DNA at all. &gt;Additional Legislative Provisions:The provisions of section 101 shall be construed in favor of eligibility. **No implicit or other judicially created exceptions to subject matter eligibility, including “abstract ideas,” “laws of nature,” or “natural phenomena,” shall be used to determine patent eligibility** under section101, and all cases establishing or interpreting those exceptions to eligibility are hereby abrogated. **The eligibility of a claimed invention** under section101 **shall be determined without regard to**: the manner in which the claimed invention was made; **whether individual limitations of a claim are wellknown, conventional or routine; the state of the art at the time of the invention;orany other considerations** relating to sections 102, 103, or 112 of this title. That is, it doesn't matter if your patenting a boneheadedly obvious thing to do with the thing you just found lying on the gound... go for it!
[Rapidly increased, you say..?](https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2018/06/22/seamus-border-arrests-20180621_wide-b75cc174a220773f771fbf43108d1e9cd588deab.png?s=1400) Try "fallen by 70-80% compared to two decades ago".
Pretty much, yeah. This is why most sane people were celebrating the SC 9-0 decision that that is not what patents are for, nixing that patent in particular, and setting precedent for other cases like this.
Wait, can you force a rail signal to be 'on'? I've used the off and detection features to make safe rail crossings plenty, but using the circuit network to unsafely fire trains at people is a new level of excellent. E: By this I mean making one rail crossing that is used as a detector, and releases a train specifically rigged so that if you keep running up to the next crossing, you get hit by that train. I suppose you could do that without forced-green though.
That is going to depend on the heat sinking power of the mirror. Initially, the answer is "no limit". The problem is that no mirror is 100% efficient. Some, small, fraction of the energy of the laser will be absorbed by the mirror. Depending on type, good mirrors are in the 99.9% - 99.999% range. So, that means your mirror is going to heat up. I don't happen to know how the reflection coefficient changes, but I suspect that when you get into the 1000K range it starts dropping. In any case, our "worst" case is that 0.001% of the incoming light energy needs to be enough to turn our reflective layer from a solid into a gas. Figure 10µm thick tin; a 1mm spot size, is 70µg of tin. I get roughly 50 mJ to vaporize that. 99.9% reflection, 50J incident. So, a 50W laser for 1s? That is, of course, neglecting that our tin reflection surface is attached to a bunch of glass, which will act as a heat sink. So in practice, your'e going to need a few orders of magnitude more. OR, you can do it faster to avoid letting it sink that heat.
&gt; I'd probably avoid SAS SSDs, as they're in a weird spot market-wise, and I expect it to be a dead-end technology. I will argue that it's not fully dead-end, at least not until it's totally dominated out by NVMe. In specific, SATA doesn't support dual-controller. So if you want flash in a system that uses dual redundant controllers, you need SAS. I don't see dual-controller storage going away any time soon, and I don't see a near-term path to dual-path NVMe, either. It's definitely not the same size market segment as SATA though.....
Being a bit pedantic here, but that's kinda the game at this point -- If the organism has a small set of variable genes, the mutations to fill the alternative niche won't be enough of a delta to form a new species at all. The source, old, and new would all be varieties of the same species. One of the relatively common delineations that separate species is that two individuals of different species can't successfully interbreed (producing normal fertile offspring). That bar would almost definitely not be cleared without a much larger corpus of mutation and differentiation. [Of course, the species problem has been known to be a philosophical issue for a while](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Species_concept).
That works great until the problem the tech is trying to solve involves the machine being unable to connect to the domain...
It's how the presumption of innocence works. Either it's alleged you've done something, or you've been convicted for it.
Not just timber framers. A big square steel-framed brick-and-glass building went up near me last year, and they basically stuck a christmas tree on the last big hunk of steel they sent up.
I concur with the other opinions of "more or less true". However, there're a couple caveats that skew the discussion: 1) For most people with a decent job in technical fields, there are plenty more jobs available. The easiest way to get piles of job offers is to already have one. 2) Geography matters. There are places with a high density of technical jobs appropriate to physics grads, and places without. In other words, there are lots of people with a physics grad degree, getting paid well to do cool stuff in industry, and getting plenty of offers to work for other companies. That fact, sadly does *not* mean that an arbitrary new entrant to the field is going to have that easy of a time.
So, not positive, but it sounds to me like you should relatively barely hit the artificial limits, even if you play that way. It's designed to keep the people the play a lot occupied... for 6 months to a year straight. It's a tricky balance though. If you make it unlimited, it makes the grinding kinda worse: you have a huge pile of rewards, and you just keep pounding on the same thing to get them all, which is potentially Not Fun. Putting the artificial limit on it means that you can't really grind it, because you don't get that reward any more.
There's always pastebin...
I am somewhat impressed that a sub with 40k users is somehow pounding out dog pictures at that high of a rate... they're averaging around 5/day, which feels way higher than many other subs with that many subscribers.
While true, most of it is, and most of the best is. As soon as you try to make money off your OSS, you are fundamentally puting effort and money into making something else better than the OSS component. It can work, but the best (for users) projects out there were made for no purpose other than to be excellent.
Agreed... mostly. The problem with that model is that most [OSS] products *shouldn't* need support. It should just work. There are exceptions when it comes to things like "an entire operating system". Thus, it often feels like paid-support products are unnecessarily complex and hard to use. Now, this is usually just because it's not worth it to focus on ease-of-use improvements, rather than active sabotage... but it still results in a worse product than it would otherwise.
&gt; Lukily they hired a 2nd kind of guy later. He saw the mongo database and asked: where is the redundancy, where are the backups, did you do any tuning, have you ever looked at the logs etc. The answer was none/no to all questions. Try "why is this directly listening on a world port using a single admin password hardcoded into your client-side application?" (Obviously, the answer is "It works", and we're the bad guys for breaking it)
Additionally, when there is some minimum amount of energy required for the reaction, higher temperature means much higher rates.
A lot of people have mentioned the chemistry, but not so much *why* that matters. There are two parts to that: First: For many simple reactions, an Arrhenius equation is followed -- reaction rate is proportional to e^(kT), for some constant k. Exponentials grow really fast. Second: A huge number or processes in your body are *super* janky . Evolution is really bad at editing something to work better; instead you usually end with a new thing that modifies the old one. Thus, you are composed of a huge number of chemical processes, all of which are teetering on the edge of equilibrium. To maintain a specific balance of something in a cell, chances are you're constantly producing more, while some other process constantly destroys it. If production is constant, but destruction is proportional to what you have, you end up at equilibrium. Take bones for example. You have osteoplasts and osteoclasts. The first is continuously going around making new bone. The second is continuously going around destroying bone. The end result is more-or-less stables bones, and they can heal... it's just that "heal" really means "get rebuilt like they always are". As you get older, the -plasts start to slow down, and you end up with bone being destroyed faster than it's rebuilt: osteoporosis. So, picture huge numbers of these carefully balanced processes, all based on the assumption that the chemistry occurs at ~37C.
Of course, for a completely impractical but technically valid solution, you can mount your tank on a large spring. You need a spring constant equal to A rho g, where A is fluid area, rho is fluid density, and g is local gravitational acceleration. With that rig, the compression distance of the spring is equal to height of the fluid in the tank. So, to first order, as the tank drains, the fluid level stays the same. This allows you to siphon an arbitrarily large tank into a smaller one.
Normal: "You may enter this block if it's unused" Chain: "You may enter this block only if you have a plan to GTFO when you're done with it."
It only takes the one object, in order to tell if it's if it is accelerating. In a related point, it's also possible to tell if it's rotating. ----- As an example, consider a cubic object, with a test mass inside, held in the center with a set of springs. If you impose an acceleration upon this box, the relative position of the suspended mass will vary, allowing you to identify if, and how much, you are accelerating. (Note: does not work for gravity. Gravity is weird). The accelerometer in your phone can identify your acceleration, regardless of all outside factors.
Probably not. You're right it's a lot of water, but the height differential is pretty low. It *might* make sense for skyscrapers, which already have to be somewhat careful of how they deal with that energy.
&gt; We even had 3 months of rain over 24 hours on Wednesday. Should be good for Hydro then. If that pushed you above target levels, it can be used more aggressively.
A somewhat more diplomatic approach that may work, or at least help push the issue, is "just stop". &gt; We game weekly for around 7 hours. This last session we accomplished nothing whatsoever. We wanted to move forward but she "wasn't prepared". Try to go do the story as you want to. If you get stuck because the GM isn't prepared... stop playing. Session is over; GM needs prep to continue. That might mean that you play for half an hour and then are done. That's fine; I'm sure you can find something else to do for a while, and it'll probably be more fun than failing to play PF. E1: As mentioned elsewhere, ask if she actually wants to first. That could cleanly diplomatically resolve this. E2: I expect that after one or twice of this, it would get to the point of forcing the issue. If you're the GM, you have to actually do the job, and by player assent that would be "either show up prepared, or we get someone else to".
I think you wrote that while I edited in an addition. 1) this is not a first-line approach. 2) this is not a permanent solution; it's a way to make it extremely clear to everyone involved that the problem exists, and needs fixing. It also will help mitigate the "I just wasted six hours doing nothing" problem.
&gt; it is trivial to prove this. Get a sensor app on your phone. Sit it on a desk and look at what acceleration is recorded. It will be -9.8 m/s2. Now drop your phone (or hold it in your hand and bring it down quickly). the reading will approach zero. That's exactly my point. At zero acceleration, it reads -1g. At 1g of acceleration downwards, it reads 0. ----- For every other form of acceleration, it reads correctly. More precisely, at zero acceleration, it reads the 1g of acceleration from a normal force holding it up, but does not measure the 1g of gravity downwards. E: I should note that I'm working in the "Gravity is a force" framework here. If you say "it's fine: gravity isn't a force, it's just a thing that space does, and you're coming with it", everything becomes consistent.
&gt; I wonder, wouldn’t there be some force caused by the gradient in the gravitational field? Granted, this “stretching force” is insignificant unless you’re near a black hole event horizon. Yep. I called it out above, but if you're not familiar with the terminology you'd miss it: &gt;The sensor cannot detect acceleration due to gravity. (**Neglecting tidal forces**,) it can't tell the difference between being in orbit, and being in deep space. [Tidal Forces](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tidal_force) arise due to an object experiencing differential gravitational gradients at different locations.
Oy, Mike! This is the third person that's died while you were on reddit. Get over here before we lose a fourth.
&gt; Edit I'm not after a monitor in case there is confusion ( /u/malikto44 ) rather the screen bit of a 4K TV but none of the apps, screen mirroring, WiFi Ethernet - even speakers should be optional! Err... that *is* a monitor. I'm really not sure what property you're looking for that a monitor doesn't have. [They're pretty expensive, but you can totally get large sized monitors.](https://www.amazon.com/Dell-Conference-LED-Lit-Monitor-C5519Q/dp/B07JJYQRZ9/) Monitors usually have better refresh rates, and sometimes colors, but in general it's the same thing.
How big are you looking? You can totally get large monitors. [At $3500, it's a bit pricey, but here's a 82" Samsung 4K](https://www.cdw.com/product/samsung-be82n-be-n-series-82-led-display/5166619?pfm=srh).
Another reason (on top of the nice long pile thusfar accumulated) is physical size. If you can do it with three lenses in 200mm, but upping it to 5 will let you do the same thing in 100mm, that's nice trade-off from a "actually usable" standpoint.
One common reason is that H2O2 is good at destroy a whole lot of other things that you don't want in there.
Erm.... Does it actually work? That looks like it ducts both air intake and output together, meaning that most of the produced airflow will get sucked back in and recirculated.
Valid problem. Still doesn't really mean that you *don't* want a monitor.. just that you can't justify paying the premium for it.
&gt; Yes, and/or create a kind of "AI director" like the ones in the Left 4 Dead games that will send appropriate threats to punish the players for their mistakes. For instance, a group of survivors huddling in a tight corner will find themselves getting nagged by a spitter. &gt; &gt; This would take a lot of work, but it seems feasible to me. There's actually an easier solution with great efficacy, and also some in-world justification: just use a bit of learning. Instead of trying to figure out possible circumstances and call for enemies that are good against them, track how effective enemies are. Simple stats of "how long it survived from first contact", "how much damage it did" are easy and computationally cheap to track. Then, you can optimize for more effective enemies. The problem with that is that it probably wouldn't be "fun". You would need some limits, to prevent the AI from determining that a wave consisting of two dozen acid spitters is the best choice. Sure, that's probably true... but the goal is a fun mission, not a party wipe. ---- IMO, DRG has an easier solution to problems like this: direct natural selection. The game can just throw a wide variety of enemies at the players. They get to have fun slaughtering the easy stuff, and the countermeasures still exist.
IMO at this point the ziplines have been nerfed pretty well. Since explosions, acid spitters, and Mactera can all knock you off, they are far from a foolproof solution. That could be improved via having ranged enemies lead... but that might make them *too* brutal vs. players on ziplines. Kinda ditto floating islands. It still leaves you exposed. I might add a pathing element allowing glyphids to airdrop onto you through. That's be a real bad (but thoroughly challenging) time. Maybe only put that on Haz 4 and 5. Bunker with a tiny hole though? That's pushing it; there's no good enemy countermeasure for that.
Honest question -- why would you waste the time with that on an egg hunt? Just run over to the eggs; yank them out of the wall, and get out.
More or less. Promoting each class will get you an extra perk slot, and the perk unlocks do take a pretty long time to get naturally. Those are relatively minor effects though.
&gt; Zipline is far from useless, and honestly I question why you think that. Any complex enough cave will throw at you arches, bridges, overhangs, and drops that engi or driller can't deal with properly for the simple reason that you can't walk on air or get line of sight on the appropriate surface without falling to your death. They are not tools of first resort, but that does not mean they aren't important. Because otherwise you'll get a cave like this where anything but a scout can't progress without suiciding or using all their utility. That's exactly the problem. It's so good, and so necessary, that it's useless. That is, as you note in the second part, there are many situations that are a horrible mess, and you *need* ziplines to navigate. And, because they're so powerful, you only get four. ... Which means you can't afford to use them for trivial cave navigation. Let's consider a 10m vertical cliff. (There's nothing at the top, BTW. It just needed exploring in case there was) - Engie can burn two platforms (maybe 3?) to go up it. - Driller can burn 2-3 drill fuel to make a staircase. - Scout can jump up for free - Gunner can't afford to spend the zipline on something that trivial, and digs his way up.
&gt; The brt7, while being viable at close range, lacks the punch that the bulldog can delivery single targets. The BRT7 is viable at medium range, and becomes problematic at long. You "just" have to learn to manually compensate for the kickback, and bring the three shots back on-target. This causes a LOT of damage. ... which is pretty hard to do, and at least for me isn't reliable enough to make it worthwhile compared to the "just works" revolver... which has enough damage in most situations anyway. At close range, gunner has two enormous primary weapons...
I.. guess? I usually just go with the "slaughter everything in my path and let the caverns flow green with their blood" approach. I'll admit that haz 5 can get a little hectic though; you definitely want a friend around when they start coming. Still seems like running back to a central hidey-hole is going to make it take way longer though.
&gt; only the ~10% of grants being funded as I understand it. For sure there are some really bad proposals out there, but not 90%. That number is roughly true, but also misleading in a really stupid way. Most grants that get vaguely favorable marks end up resubmitted with revisions an additional 1-2 times. It's much rarer for things to get accepted the first time through. So, a lot of good work ends up rejected, then accepted, making it contribute to both sides of the stat. Of course, this means that a huge amount of time is wasted on grant applications and revisions thereof... on work that'll get funded eventually anyway. ------ That's notably only for open application grants though. There's a lot of stuff through "person in charge does what they want with the money" programs, which aren't in that normal system. So, a lot of funding comes through those channels as well, and never gets grants written for it in the first place. ----- E: We also can't forget the large amount of research that is done on related grants. So, you don't get the grant for cool thing A, you get money when you ask for B instead. But they use similar techniques and components, so you do both A and B with the money anyway. Again, more grant writing for the same result, but also contributes to the high rejection numbers.
&gt; And there is much of the world that can't be calculated from first principles. In intro QM, we joke that a helium atom has one too many electron to make the problem solvable. Hey, I can totally do Hellum, or even Lithium. ... in their singly and doubly ionized forms, respectively.
Written by someone who doesn't, apparently, know that much about some of these drugs. Methamphetamine and methylphenidate are both stimulants with very similar effects.
3D crosspoint does pretty well for itself. I benched a 256G NVMe stick adapted into a PCIe port, and it was running something like 16GB/s random write. I don't remember what the latency was like, other than "really really good".
PCIe SSDs can be. Note that Dave is talking about a very *very* specific workload though. Namely, the case where you're reading or writing to disk, *exactly once*. It's not that memory isn't faster than storage... it's that the overhead of doing the work to copy it into memory, as well as the memory transactions associated with that (you need to keep track of what's in your page cache, do allocations for it, etc. takes time. Notably, "any time" is still more than "no time".
&gt; Because the Easy Bake Oven was just a lightbulb if I remember right, just one that got really hot. And you can make cake and stuff with it. A single, normal, 100W incandescent IIRC.
The people that think that tend to have the misfortune of *supporting* said source-unavailable critical 32-bit binaries. It only takes one, to turn a normally reasonable sysadmin to the hate-filled darkside.
It really doesn't have to be that hard -- require a receipt to be filed, but no other authorization. Then, you can have a 3rd party auditor run over 10% or whatever (or, TBH, 100% might not even be that hard) of these transactions to make sure there's nothing unusual.
The usual term is [Chilling Effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chilling_effect) -- something that reduces people's willingness to exercise legal rights. Usually it involves the threat of legal action via some other method.
&gt; [Democracy is like a train: you get off once you have reached your destination](https://www.economist.com/special-report/2016/02/04/getting-off-the-train) ~~ Recep Tayyip Erdogan
&gt; It has one ingredient. Amusingly enough, it doesn't really. It has - The water - The stuff added to the water to sterilize it - The stuff added to the water to remove the stuff that sterilized it - The stuff added to the water, because it turns out people don't actually like pure water That "crispness" that you get sometimes is from various salts.
... In sufficient doses. Normal tap water has between zero and a few dozen mg/L worth of sodium, calcium, magnesium. This means that one french fry supplies roughly enough salt to compensate for drinking a liter of pure water. You would have to drink a /lot/ of pure water, without replenishing electrolyte supplies via other consumption.
Which means that the people subpoenaing him know exactly what the answers will be. Safe and predictable.
Touche.
*If designed or installed wrong. The expensive-type gas suppression systems are designed to be operable at low amounts. Novec 1230, for example, it targeted at 4-6% concentrations for use, while 10% is considered "safe". That'd be enough to reduce oxygen concentrations from 21% to around 19%. For comparison, around 15% O2 you get pretty impaired, and 6% O2 is an absolute minimum for survival. So, a gas suppression system won't suffocate you. (Unless it's a CO2 or N2 displacement system. Those will.) Now, what are the physiological effects of the gas in question, and it's combustion products? That's a better question.
&gt; If you open it outside a cleanroom, dust will get in, and it will irreparably destroy the platters. I wouldn't say it's a good idea, or that it won't have a negative effect on the drive's lifespan... [but cracking open a disk isn't going to instantly kill it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEQe-SSXOuk).
Not worth it IMO. Tape is nice because the marginal price is pretty low. Sure, the drive system costs $10k (or way more), but when you're paying &lt;$15/TB for your tapes, it makes up the difference. ... after 700TB of stored data. (based on $30/TB for disks). For home/semi-pro use, I would just go with hard drives. You can get 1TB 2.5" disks for like $60-70. Just buy a bunch, and treat them like tapes.
&gt; One thing I’ve noticed (and personally like) is that there is not an emphasis on voice chat. The game is entirely playable without a mic, DRG has an excellent contextual VO system. It can be used extremely quickly (&lt;1s), and lets you - express appreciation or approval [V] - express that you want people to come with you for something [X] - identify and point out arbitrary objects by name [laser pointer] This way, you can easily point out resources to get, things you've done, things you want, enemies that are a problem, etc. And, you dwarf will usually say the appropriate thing. The laser pointer makes team play much much much easier and more possible, compared to text-only. ----- That said, I still prefer voice-chat. It's nice for chatting about random things while doing the mission, and is useful for coordination at higher difficulties.
Define "reliable"? I guess I agree that I don't really use it as a primary weapon -- it's something I pull out for big targets. Zhukovs chew through grunts and can pop swarmers. I'll give that the deepcore AR *can* be used on anything. Then again, if you offered me 10 weapon slots, with each one being hyperoptimized vs a single enemy type but useless against others, I'd totally take that deal (and then play my weapon-switch controls like an MMO). So... YMMV. E: Amusing realization: the game is kinda already like that, although weapons are "okay" at other things, and are distributed across an entire team. Swarmers - flamer; grunts - minigun; webspitters - bulldog; acid spitters - M1000; Mactera - M1000; Biggies - &lt;no true hard counter&gt;.
Problem is that it doesn't do enough damage to be that effective. You want a grenade to *do something useful*, and "a bunch of damage, but not completely overwhelming damage" is pretty *meh*. The grenade stats actually follow trends in pen&amp;paper RPG magic pretty well: blaster wizards are terrible; instead you should use magic for battlefield control, because straight damage is already easy to get lots of.
Join-in-progress is where I'd put limits, just like class-duplication. The game doesn't start until the host triggers it; if you have someone join a lobby there's plenty of time to explain, negotiate, and/or kick them out.
Pah, if you're accepting women's shoes, [why not go for a nice pair of clogs](https://imgur.com/a/c4WNF)?
The answer you get is going to depend on the divisions you use, and your geometry definitions. First concern: If your hung object extends appreciably away from the wall, it will try to pull the top away (torque balance). At one point I worked the math for that, but I forget the answer. In any case, your mirror should be close to the wall, so it's not an issue. Second: your supported force is thus nearly entirely vertical. However, without constraint, the two halves of the cleat would slide by each other. There will be a force -- either pulling the bottom of the cleat away from the wall, while the top pushes into the wall -- or pulling the top away from the mirror while the bottom pushes into it. As that's your concern, I would suggest you reinforce that bit. Specifically, I would propose attaching the cleat to e.g. 1/4" plywood, and then the plywood to the mirror. Since you can sink your fastners through the ply into the cleat, you can make that a very sturdy attachment. Then your only requirement is attaching the mirror to a big flat piece of plywood... which should be a lot easier to do.
Looks to me like a centrifugal pump. Water comes in the center, gets to that disk, and is thrown outwards to the spiral output pipe. The slats in the disk ensure that the water moves with said disk.
If I've interpreted it correctly, yes.
I will note that the information exists there, whether or not there is an agreed-upon way to decode it. There's a whole field of information theory, including some neat SETI pieces, dedicated to "does this contain any information" (which is comparable to asking "what are the chances that this happened naturally?").
You shouldn't really equate energy and pressure -- the two are incidentally related here, but not strictly causal. It would be entirely possible to construct a pump like this which maintains a hydrostatic pressure with no kinetic energy input. (It would require a working fluid with zero viscosity... but that's doable for a demonstration). From the point of view of pressure establishment, I would say it's more useful to consider the centrifugal point of view, which gives us a local acceleration due to rotation of g = omega^2 r. Thus, similar to a normal hydrostatic column, you have a pressure gradient from inside to outside. Differing from normal, that pressure gradient goes with radius squared, rather than linearly with height. Pressure is thus at a maximum at the outer edge of the impeller; you then need something to redirect the forced fluid to your output (which the volute does efficiently). You could incidentally also construct one of these with a straight output; it's just be a fair bit less efficient.
The extra seven were a sacrifice in the name of readability. I'm sure you *could* have done it in 18 instead :P
Oh, absolutely. The job description is literally "Figure out what the last person did, and then do it better in every way."
You'd need to customize the drawers, and also modify the design to fit whatever shoe size you are. That said, there are a number of sites online that will do it. However, I ran the STL through a couple with instant-quote tools, and both came out around $160 for one shoe-body. So, that's a problem. Maybe there's a makerspace near you that you could get the assist from?
&gt; And I accomplished that except for on one line, where a VERY unconventional attitude guidance methodology (original to me, and applicable only to this one satellite hopefully) lined up with a coordinate frame swap, and both operations had to happen on the same line. My comment for the line was %umm, this line is complicated. *%See https://doi.org/.....* I'm a little surprised that you couldn't break that up though. Matlab-"simultaneous" in that context is going to get shattered into a lot of sequential instructions in the resulting C or machine code; sequentializing the single line would probably increase verbosity a fair bit but should be doable. Then again, it's matlab, so... ymmv. Allocating temporary storage in matlab is often quite a bit more expensive than in C.
I can kill a single grunt in haz3 in (now that it's been nerfed) 5(?) shots, &lt;1s, with the stubby. That makes the weapon faster (for less than around a half-dozen enemies), more precise, and has way more ammunition. I mean, if it works for you, great. For me, its damage isn't sufficiently overwhelming to make it feel worth my time. E: And then we compare it to the lure, which can buy you some time when overwhelmed, as well as gathering enemies into one place to destroy by either the grenade launcher or plasma cutter (or via another player's offense).
&gt; Bernie has a booming voice that would normally be used to warn people of impending death should they not mind the closing doors or gap. I wonder how much you'd have to pay him to record some lines for a subway...
Yes* Dynamiting a coal plant is a 200% efficient way to spend electricity to capture CO2 out of the air and crystalize it into solid form where it can be buried. ---- The caveat here is that these technologies don't actually try to remove CO2 from the atmosphere, they try to remove it from generation locations (that helps with your entropy issue). Secondly, instead of turning it into carbon; they try to sequester the CO2 itself -- usually by injecting it into the ground or something like that. If you *are* going to burn fossil fuels, we're mildly better off if you bury the exhaust, rather than letting it up into the air.
I would actually say that it's more like we're getting to a more unfavorable part of the XP curve. There's a ton of stuff that's correct and useful published all the time. The problem though, is that it takes a staggering large amount of that to add up to noticeably improved treatments and outcomes.
&gt;[The mainstay of treatment is 100% oxygen administration until the carboxyhaemoglobin level is normal. On this regimen the half-life of carboxyhaemoglobin is 74 minutes (compared with 320 minutes breathing air](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1281520/) No. 95% of the CO in your blood, under normal conditions, will clear out each day.
Oh, yeah -- I know what HPC billing looks like; was curious what the going rate was. Assuming your hardware isn't utter garbage, £0.20/nodehr is pretty good -- that's probably at or below cost to the center. (E: I'm an admin at a place that doesn't charge our researchers, hence the curiosity)
&gt; I forgot about the fact that the chemical energy is determined by the bonding conditions, and *I was only concentrating at the change in mass which is zero*. Not.. quite. The concept of a mass defect is generally only used in nuclear reactions, where the nuclear binding energy has a large enough effect to produce a noticeable effect on mass. Strictly speaking, it does still apply to chemical reactions as well. Water is associated with a ~2.9eV enthalpy of formation -- a water molecule will weigh in that roughly 3eV less that equivalent bare pair of hydrogen atoms and an oxygen atom. Of course the water molecule weighs in at 18 GeV... so that's basically unmeasurable.
DX isn't just something you can ship an update for arbitrarily -- the hardware needs to support the API calls. Shipping a game that only supports DX11 means that anyone with a very low end GTX 4xx, or anything before that, *cannot* run that game. At this point that's not really an issue, but that's not been true for all that long.
Many comments have been made about build, so I'll not touch that. I *will* say that H4, and in particular H5, are set up to make standing your ground difficult or impossible. You end up needing to not stop for very long, because if you do, and you get surrounded, you're dead. Shields can save you in a pinch; you don't have enough to generally rely on them though. Kill a group, move on. Having more players working with you is nice for that -- you can put out a lot of damage, but that's interrupted if something is chewing on your legs. A friend to keep you clear is super helpful. That said, I find Gunner to be one of the most, if not *the* hardest class to effectively play on high difficulty. He's built to be a slow killing machine, and at the highest difficulty the game won't let you achieve that.
Well yes, but also no. For most people, knowing what the controls do, that it needs gas to run, and that you need to bring it in for service when the light tells you to, is enough. I would bet that most drivers on the road in the US can't tell you how the ICE in their car works. Even with that said though, that example is hard, because I can't even think of where that line reasonably should be drawn. 2-stroke vs 4 stroke? Fuel chemistry? Lean, rich, throttle, catalytic conversion? The insanity of modern electronically controlled fuel injectors and spark plugs? Variable valve timing? What OBD2 is? How OBD2 works? The CAN protocol that is spoken through ODB2? All of those are "didn't think to ask" questions, not "lies about how things work" questions though.
Absolutely. At some point you need to draw a line and say "this is correct enough for now. We're moving on to something more immediately important." The problem comes when someone decides it's more expedient to construct an apparent world where they have all the answers, and it's convenient, self-contained, and *wrong*.
&gt; paperclips Amusingly, paperclips are generally steel. Getting that level of strength in a weaker metal would require more of it, and the weight isn't really a concern. Also amusingly, [paper clip making machines are *awesome*](https://youtu.be/OsDdmDFDYHA?t=125).
This, amusingly enough, applies to a lot of things. [Such as boiling water in a paper cup over an open flame](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9gKzea3Cno).
&gt; it’s because they’re smaller Note that "smaller", alone, isn't really a good enough reason why one should be affected by CO more quickly. However, metabolic rate correlates well with body size. A 5-year-old will normally be around 25 breaths/minute -- compared to an adult is more like half that. Everything is smaller and moving faster; blood gas chemistry will thus turn over more quickly. Oh, and a canary runs at around 60 breaths/minute, and a heart rate around 5 Hz.
Because it's an interesting thing to run the numbers on... Pushing the Earth's orbit out by 10 inches requires roughly 5ZJ worth of energy. (4.5 x 10^(21) J). That's about 50 years of global electricity production. E: For those following along at home, E = - GmM/2r. Fun thing though, because we're changing earth's radius by 1 part in 25 million, doing a normal subtraction doesn't work very well (WolframAlpha returns "0", and I didn't feel like finding another). Thus, we can take a quick Taylor series of 1/(x+a) - 1/x ~= - a/x^(2), which gives us a nice clean bit of math with no subtraction.
Sounds like (and maybe you did) need to have a bit of a chat with that person. If they honestly want to play an RPG (incidentally, *not* just want to play a tabletop tactics puzzle game, which is great fun but not the point here), there are a few ways around this. A prime example would be to have him RP something *totally different*, like some variety of BSF -- might not end up being enjoyable for him, but it's worth a try. You can't dominate puzzles with a character that's dumb as a post.
Doubly so, if it's a particular problem you can make the congestion price for empty cars higher than for ones with passengers. There are already some cities that have congestion-priced lanes that are free for HOV -- this is just an extension of the "more people per vehicle == good == discounts" policy.
The solution is going to have to be congestion-priced tolls. If it costs you $1 every time your empty car goes around the block, you'll probably not do that. Of course, puttering at 2mph also needs a nice solid fine for traveling at less than prevailing road speed.
&gt; but can't force it on someone. You totally can, you just can't do it with personal devices. The security benefits of 2FA should cover the cost of getting RSA tokens or yubikeys or whatever your preferred option is.
Left and right are obvious. The hoops used to let `sed` track "up" and "down" though? Yikes. Reading the code, I'm *pretty sure* that it does this by cat'ign the lines together, and then marching a "column marker" across the board, which allows a relatively simple regex to reference the above or below cell by hopping to the next instance of the marker. Quite clever.
Additionally, high impact papers are generally a story that goes - Here's something interesting we found - This is the theoretical basis we give for what that should happen - Here's a recapitulation in a toy system (experimental or *in silico*) While it's definitely possible to still get that wrong, it's a lot harder to be consistently wrong for that long, and doubly so to not have it get caught in peer review. (I've personally been on a paper that did exactly that; we were lucky that peer review caught our systematic mistake. That mistake was only worth around 10%... but still) ---- This is in comparison to the "softer" fields that seem to have more trouble with replication, and generally stop at the first stage.
Out of curiosity, how long did your "rushed" missions take? Having played a fair amount, for a 4-dwarf team, I would roughly put it as: - under 10 minutes: either lucky/short mission, or speed-running and possibly missing secondaries - 10-20 minutes: normal mission at comfortable pace - more than 20 minutes: Something went very wrong, or very weird, for it to be taking this long. The game's mechanics (and to some extent, theme) are built around doing an assigned job. Taking longer both takes longer, and is harder. Overachieving doesn't have much in the way of benefits; you don't get any bonuses for going above and beyond what was requested of you by Corporate.
I'll actually just change that to *production* Linux is not a research OS. Linux is perfectly happy being a research OS on your own little fork...
Problem is that there *is* a reasonable level of communication outside of normal official channels. I've written a few scientific papers, so I'll use that as an example. Often you can't do this, but it's pretty common to talk to editors of a journal before submission. It's not really about convincing them to accept something they shouldn't -- instead you're looking to know what they want. If an editor says "no way, that's not right for us", you don't bother spending 100h preparing it for that journal. If they say "yeah, that's really cool, but you'll need XYZ to have a chance, you go do that beforehand. When you finally do submit it, you're then pretty likely to have it be accepted (still with major reviews and such... :/ ). I would expect the same kind of thing here. You'd have to be kinda crazy to write and submit a completely new license to OSI in complete "final" form, when you have no idea what they'll say. It makes infinitely more sense to get in touch with the relevant people, and ask "I'm thinking of doing X, do you think it can work?" Get informal feedback quickly, and avoid wasting time on something that won't work. Problem is then what outsiders see is a lot of private communications, and then something pops up that everyone's happy with ('cause they've reviewed it a dozen times already), and that looks suspicious.
&gt; The clause that Perens takes issue with doesn't seem to be much more burdensome than something like the AGPL. I'm going to disagree there -- the proposed CAL adds the requirement to share a user's data back to them. So, if e.g. Google Docs was licensed under CAL, they would have to let you download all your stuff as .docx or whatever (which they already do, but that's irrelevant). It's not *just* a requirement to share source, it's also to return anything the user puts in. I think it's potentially a good idea, but IMO it *is* a somewhat additional burden. Good software should already provide such things though.
Will that skip already downloaded things? If so, the OP just needs a cron job, or a scheduled task, to run that download script e.g. every day at 3:42AM.
Ah, don't even. A strategic use of herbicides would be just as effective, and far less likely to devolve into major violence. Sneak a couple specops in and write "Qassim" (or properly write it in Persian) across the middle of one of the greens. Or all of them -- you could get up to 18 words in if you wanted.
For a vehicle, there's always plan B... the ground slightly in front of your vehicle.
That's one option for laser guidance. The other is beam following, where the sensor is on the *back* of the missile, and it steers to keep itself to follow the laser to the target. This has the benefit of having a much stronger signal (due to it not being reflected).
[Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&amp;as_sdt=0%2C22&amp;q=The%20antibiotic%20course%20has%20had%20its%20day) often has free PDF links to preprints that the authors have put up random places (like their own websites). This article is no exception.
"Beam following" appears to just redirect to Beam Riding, so that's the right term it looks like. Nobody* uses "following". You're correct on both counts (LOSBR vs SALH). ^(*(1 person as of today)^)
Not other way *per se* -- "following" doesn't appear to be a thing. It's riding and homing. To which I was referring to riding. I feel like I need to invent a new method of laser guidance, just so that I can name it "beam following" and make these discussions even more confused.
So, you know adrenaline? It's a natural "drug" that your body releases when you panic. Optimizes you for "fight or flight" -- all of your energy is diverted to physical performance, hunger, thirst, and to some extent pain are blocked. Heart rate and breathing go through the roof, blood is squeezed out of the limbs and concentrated in the core, etc. It's quite stressful, but if the other option is death or major loss, it's totally worth it once in a while. Epinephrine is another name for the same. And that pen has a much higher dose than you would naturally experience.
... I may have stopped reading once I had a working solution. And yes, I did use that exact same article. If there is a reg key to prevent executable names from being run, that's pretty cool.
Um... yes. That's exactly how incandescent lighting works, which is the primary way stage lighting worked for quite a while (in the past couple decades, LED has been pushing incandescent out).
I think this should happen in the "firing range", as a star-trek holodeck sort of thing. It's a virtual mission, so there are no consequences, but no rewards. Beyond just messing around like that though, it would be useful for trying out weapon types and loadouts. Config: *4-player Haz 4; immobile array of glyphids*. Now you can go carefully count out how much you have to shoot them, how the recoil is, etc.
The code is at https://github.com/miriamfs/WebSci2019 . The data was apparently from Pubshift. So... I decided to replicate some of their results. For expediency on my laptop, I limited my scope a bit. I grabbed an archive of comments from Oct 2018 -- the latest date that is in .xz format. That was 11GB compressed though, so I took a 1GB slice and expanded that. The test data set is thus 10,280,940 comments, across the entire site, ranging from "Mon Oct 1 00:00:00 UTC 2018" to "Wed Oct 3 20:29:46 UTC 2018". I then used `grep`, because it's a much faster way to do quick and dirty word-presence analysis, especially since the provided JSON file was one comment per line. Of these 10M comments, 646953, or 6.3%, were "misogynistic". For some extra fun, let's take a look at a known bastion of misogyny online, r/twox .... 12,865 comments, 1,179 misogynistic. 9.2%. That's quite a lot more than the Reddit average; those people must be terrible people that hate women. This sub is an astonishingly horrible place, with 117/536 = 21.8% of comments being misogynistic. If that doesn't demonstrate the "word filters flag meta discussion" point, I'm not sure what would. Next analysis step for funsies was to sort the subs. 16,106 subs were represented. Of these, not a single one hit zero, though 5132 of them scored 1. This makes me suspect of my analysis processes, but a spot-check of one (r/zumba) did have a single positive result. "...Dance to the beat of the best music..." (Yeah, at this point we're way into false positives). The least misogynistic sub, amusingly enough, is /r/onewordeach. Their unique tactic of only allowing a single word in each comment, in significant part, shields them from this analysis. Incidentally, the one flagged comment broke that rule, with the sentence, "Is he the man that\u2019s gonna burn my house down? With the lemons?". I don't even. /r/FreeKarma4You also did quite well also, only getting hit on "shoot me an upvote", and "i hate it". Hilariously, r/counting.. while still low at 0.16%, had 14/8314 flagged comments. On the other end, we havev 386 subs which achieve a 100% flag rate, due to having 1/1 comment get counted. In fact, the whole top part is a fascinating look into fractional ratios, such at the 50 subs with a 2/7, 9 with a 4/14, 47 2/9's, etc. So, let's filter for more than 1000 posts. Denmark. 53% misogynistic. What?! ... oh, 'er' apparently is a physical violence term. Also an [extremely common](http://www.dutchgrammar.com/en/?n=WordOrder.36) Dutch (and presumably other similar language) adverb. Right. Ignoring those. wowguilds? lots of raiding, 29% misogynistic. whowouldwin? Not even looking, but I'm guessing that 23% comes from a lot of physical violence words. You know what, I don't even know what to do with this, so here's the top 25 subs where there were more than 9999 comments. 0.165106 changemyview 0.153789 Braincels 0.145167 MurderedByWords 0.135595 PublicFreakout 0.128513 MGTOW 0.128346 unpopularopinion 0.126718 TheSilphRoad 0.124275 PurplePillDebate 0.116079 Libertarian 0.111266 DestinyTheGame 0.108948 DnD 0.107289 PoliticalHumor 0.107203 forhonor 0.106428 relationship_advice 0.104418 wow 0.103332 AskMen 0.103162 relationships 0.10278 Fitness 0.098114 politics 0.0916921 TwoXChromosomes 0.0892886 pathofexile 0.0882353 MMA 0.0880766 smashbros 0.0877343 destiny2 0.0875989 television Now, in the smaller numbers, there were definitely some that I would expect misogyny in. misogynyfetish, for one, at 21.9% of 264 commens. But.. yeah. I can't even see anything to read out of this. ----- E: I realized my mistake. There are actually 44.3k total subs represented, so 28k of them aren't flagged. The largest is Live_TV_Hd, with 4154 posts. Honorable mentions also go to garlicbreadmemes, and pythonforengineers, along with the somewhat surprising gaysnapchat, camwhorestv, beautifulfemales (remember, 'female' was a flag word), and an astoundingly large number of things that sound like porn subreddits. ----- E: I forgot to include *totals*, because that's what the original authors did! Subreddits sorted by Subreddit | Total comments | Misogynistic comments | ratio ---|---|---|--- AskReddit | 505121 | 34890 | 0.0690726 politics | 230752 | 22640 | 0.098114 The_Donald | 116853 | 8497 | 0.0727153 DestinyTheGame | 66157 | 7361 | 0.111266 nfl | 127080 | 6888 | 0.0542021 wow | 55996 | 5847 | 0.104418 news | 69101 | 5401 | 0.078161 worldnews | 67312 | 4901 | 0.0728102 funny | 85014 | 4248 | 0.0499682 FortNiteBR | 81021 | 3869 | 0.0477531 baseball | 71031 | 3868 | 0.0544551 gaming | 76665 | 3825 | 0.0498924 unpopularopinion | 29701 | 3812 | 0.128346 fantasyfootball | 99454 | 3724 | 0.0374444 soccer | 65689 | 3655 | 0.055641 todayilearned | 55906 | 3510 | 0.062784 leagueoflegends | 62547 | 3366 | 0.0538155 nba | 59331 | 3355 | 0.0565472 pics | 60670 | 3261 | 0.0537498 Denmark | 5656 | 3010 | 0.532178
Preferences &gt; DRM The EME-free version is for people who object so hard that they don't even want that code installed.
I can see where you're coming from, but IMO it's probably still just incompetence. I've worked with enough undergrads and grad students that I've seen this kind of thing. See, all of these problems only emerge once you challenge your own ideas. That's step 1 for decent science, of course, but *far* too often people skip that. &gt; Hypothesis: misogyny online is increasing Methods: Find a set of problematic subs, find a metric for hate speech, plot as a function of time. If you're only looking at producing a result, this is expedient. If you don't stop to think "what else could produce this result, that would make me wrong?", you'll just blindly accept your results and move on. I can personally say that looking too hard is painful. Like, "oh, that's not actually right and I just cost myself a year worth of work". If you think I'm exaggerating, I once worked with a postdoc -- at a T1 research university -- who actually lied about doing N=3 replications. He did N=1, and then copied the data over, "because the others are just going to do the same thing." (He was told to do the replications, that if they didn't match he would be fired on the spot, and to *never* pull a stunt like that again). While I try not to be too elitist, the author list is {Open University, No affiliation, Open University}. Just saying. That said, I do think there is some measure of bias here... but not so much from the authors. [Here's the proceedings TOC from that conference](https://dl.acm.org/action/showFmPdf?doi=10.1145%2F3292522). There's a lot of decent-looking stuff there. Incidentally, there is exactly *one* author in that entire list of dozens of papers, without an affiliation. I suspect that the ACM organizers knew that the paper was bad, but didn't push it too hard. Either fear of outcry, or wanting to provide representation, or whatever. ----- Oh, and another reason why I think this is just incompetence is that it's not even done *well*. I'm 99% sure that I could produce exactly the same result, with a much better methodological approach. It'd still probably be a little bit sketchy, but good enough to get past most people. - If you're using a word-list -- which is easy, so let's keep at it -- only use the really bad ones. If a word has any positive use, don't include it. For example, "rape" is acceptable, since it can be used in reasonable discussion. Just keep the real hardcore slurs. - You're now not looking at as bad of a metric, and only looking at a small fraction of hate speech. However, by using that as a proxy, you're booth looking at emboldening, and overall prevalence. And you're not getting this insane false positive rate. - If I don't normalize, I still have the overall-size problem. That's okayish though, because I can argue that overall community size growth is a concern. - If I do normalize, I can still get a growth-over-time, as long as my blacklist includes "new and innovative" slurs. Since these would have to appear out of thin air, and grow in popularity, they will cause my normalized data to still increase - By doing full analysis across all of the site (possibly just for time-slices), I can both heuristically identify problematic subs, and have better overall data. I'm pretty sure that the authors didn't due this primarily because they didn't have enough computer. Boom. Like that I can still have an inflammatory paper with the same conclusions, and far fewer of the methodological problems.
I think you misread that -- /u/hyperviolator was asking that, given that containerized MAM type "surgical" wiping is available, why would anyone push the fully invasive MDM.
Basically. To stretch the metaphor, it'd be like the coach of the NY Jets writing about why the Dolphins are a bad football team, and what that means for sports in general. Then you ask us, and I'm just like "dude, I play basketball". ... Doesn't mean it'd not be an interesting book though.
Dijkstra is a breadth-first search, which expands (cost-wise) equally in all directions. A* is similar, except it biases the potential next places to explore with a heuristic function, so that it will preferentially seek out paths to the destination first. In the first one (at 0:03), you can clearly see this, when it shoots a tendril straight up to the destination. Dijkstra would instead expand uniformly outwards (which takes longer).
Retail usually targets 15-20% labor costs. So for every dollar spent at walmart, roughly $0.80 is leaving the community.
There are quite a few interesting things it'll do, but in general -- yes, it require friction to adjust what the air is doing to what the surroundings are. [Sadly, the closest I can find is done in liquids, not air](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6hsc70Fl34)... but the same ideas apply.
Oh, absolutely. Breadth-first search ala Dijkstra *will* get you the optimal answer. A* will get you *an* answer, which (depending on how your heuristic compares to the minimal possible path cost) may may not necessarily be optimal. However, it'll do it quite a bit faster.
The primary difference I see here is compressibility. I don't *think* that it'll matter too much -- but I've not studied compressible vs incompressible vortex effects. I was hoping to find smoke or something in a transparent tire shape (perhaps with a sheet laser through the middle to improve visibility of vortices)... but no such luck.
Or pre-fired. Director wants one thing; studio wants another. Either the director says "screw this; I'm out" (and quits), or the director says "I don't care, I'm doing it my way" (and gets fired). Basically the same thing, just a matter of how far it got pushed.
Would it work if you increased the disable range? So, either grab 2-3 signals instead of just the 1, or make the blocks themselves longer? The idea being that a longer distance away it goes green, the less slowing it will do. I'm not sure what the restriction that causes it to repath is though.
Why does it even have full strength hydraulics downwards? A hard valve-based limit of like 20lb would be plenty to prevent all kinds of weird problems.
It's basically the same thing that happens when you uncap a soda and the carbon dioxide rapidly comes out of solution and foams everywhere. Except that cream stays in foam form quite a bit longer than soda does.
Insulin pump.
&gt; Hack someone's car and disable the brakes. [Entirely possible that this has already happened](https://www.huffpost.com/entry/michael-hastings-car-hacked_n_3492339). Except that you don't just disable them, you active *one* of them, causing the car to veer sharply and uncontrollably.
Doubly so given how much happy fluffy cloud stuff is out there. Knock out an AWS datacenter? Meh, there are plenty of spares, hosted sites are, in large part, unaffected. Knock them all offline? You've just taken down a huge chunk of internet, probably including something critical. Oh, and you've angered a $10^11 class company.
Err... maybe. With artificial flavors, you can get most of the way there. The big challenge is the acidity. That's what gives that carbonated "bite" to it. However, acids and cream don't get along well: that's how you get curdled milk/cream. So you would have to be pretty careful with that part. Something like a sweat creamsicle whipped cream? Totally doable. Root beer whipped cream? That'd be tricky.
So you're saying you want to do sit-ups in a centrifuge...
How do you even safely sling something like that? I've done a whopping 2500lb boat, and with that size you just need to be somewhat careful and it'll be fine. 1000 tons is.. a lot of ship to be cantilevering.
If you can count what you're killing, Autocannon is going to be an inferior choice to the Minigun.
Ah, makes sense. Is there some kind of automatic balancing thing, or do you just have to not screw up and put too much weight on the ends vs the middle?
Ultrasonics can potentially work as well for that IIRC.
That's only in places with a useless "bag ban" law, that allows for making the bag beefier and slapping "This is totally reusable" on the side. Real bag-ban laws don't let you get away with that; your options are paper or nothing.
&gt; According to the interviewee, STEM classes are arbitrarily harder (which I can believe, I've had STEM classes curved to a 2.5 for their average) and give more homework than the Humanities, which is done specifically to dissuade people from taking STEM. This always annoys me as a concept. Yes, STEM is hard. No, we can't really do much about that. We have ~16 years bring children up to speed with humanity. We have roughly a trillion man-hours of human innovation available here, and we're trying to bring fresh humans up to the forefront of that ASAP. *That isn't easy*, and saying that it's hard and scary doesn't change that fact.
I know someone that relatively recently got a residential ADT system put in. Now I understand why literally everything they installed was wireless boxes held on with double-stick tape.
Perhaps the bug is there, but &gt; An attacker could exploit the vulnerability by using a spoofed code-signing certificate to sign a malicious executable, making it appear the file was from a trusted, legitimate source. I don't remember Win 7 signing executables in the first place. Perhaps it's not listed as affected, because *not using* a security component in the first place makes you unaffected by bugs that allow an attacker to bypass that component?
*Headline: Senate Democrats suddenly decide to personally test next-gen bodycams*.
If I learned anything from playing XCOM, it's that this is exactly what ~~would happen~~ definitely happened already.
TB is bacterial. Still nasty, but subject to our fairly extensive library of antibiotics. ... Unless you manage to find a drug-resistant strain.
Does mass exist?
It's generally not accepted as a knot for supporting humans. Bowlines are fantastic for most applications, but have a couple more ways to screw up compared to double-figure-8. Hence, double figure 8 is preferred since it's trivially easy to see that it's correct at a glance, and is a pain to get undone (which is considered a feature when supporting people). Also, it holds well in just about any kind of line (monofilament excepted), whereas the bowline can have a tendency to self-loosen if tied in something slippery and springy.
IMO 0.23 is pretty weak -- 0.23 is cast iron on steel (kinetic), or lubricated platinum-platinum (static). I would say something more like 0.62 (Wood on concrete, static, dry) would be more accurate, or even higher than that since the rope is fiberous, and the stucco is probably nubblier than concrete. Which gets us 387lb, which feels closer to how it probably performs in practice. It's still more than an order of magnitude below what OSHA would like, but it's not going to go anywhere from the guy hanging on it.
&gt; I can’t imagine it’s all drugs and stealing. Sounds like it is. From that ACLU report, &gt;For instance, a 1995 legal challenge revealed the racially biased role of prosecutorial discretion in the application of Georgia’s two-strikes law. Georgia prosecutors have discretion to decide whether to charge offenders under **the state’s two-strikes sentencing scheme, which imposes life imprisonment for a second drug offense**. They invoked the law against only 1 percent of white defendants facing a second drug conviction, compared to 16 percent of Black defendants.15 As a result, 98.4 percent of prisoners serving life sentences under the law were Black.
Another reason is that the VHS recorder is working with electrical signals already, so it makes more sense to record them that way. The video is scanned at the source, and encoded as an analog electrical signal. That's then somehow transmitted over (radio, or retail tapes, or whatever), into the TV. The TV then outputs that signal. Note that the signal format for analog video is *very* specific to the display hardware. There is zero storage in these things, not even for a single frame. The CRT starts scanning across the first line of pixels, and the brightness/color value is directly controlled by the video signal. There's then a gap with no data, to let the electron gun reset to the next line, and then that line blasts into the screen. So, if you want to record this signal, it makes sense to do it with as little modification and processing is practical. Thus, VHS. Take the signal, send it into a magnet while the tape goes by, and it will imprint itself on the tape. Run the tape by a sensor, and it'll convert it back to that same signal. To save it as an image, you would need to take the electrical signal, and render it like a miniature TV, embedding it on the film. Then to read it off, you'd need to re-encode it to electrical again.
I'm not sure that there exists a wealth creation fraction that counteracts the model's results. It can slow down the effect, but the wealthier party still ends up doing better in every transaction. Thus, fractional wealth always concentrates. If your creation parameter is sufficiently high, you can ensure that nobody loses wealth... but it also means that the winner just becomes astronomically wealthy; as long as resources are finite the resulting inflation still makes them the sole winner.
It's not that hopeless. If you introduce progressive taxes to that model, it stops producing a winning oligarch, and instead distributes the wealth smoothly across all players.
I mean, in the 1920's and '30's, the top tax bracket was 67%. It's not that the model is old, and doesn't match today. It's been systematically broken down and sabotaged specifically to benefit the most wealthy.
Bail just applies to your pre-trial status. While you're still considered innocent, and are just waiting around for trial, a judge considers - How likely are you to cause problems if we let you run free? (Murder charge? Could be an issue. Shoplifting? Whatever.) - How can we make sure to get you back in court for the actual trial? For most people, for most offenses, the answer is "Why don't you leave a big pile of cash with the court, and if you don't come back to get it (and face trial), you lose it.
Pretty sure the BBC is completely off base about the capabilities here. It sounds like the real point is to give police a mouse&amp;keyboard, and a global search bar. If it works as advertised, it would mean that they could screen consenting people's phones for interesting information, and give them back immediately, rather than pulling a "well it might be important, so can we have it for a month" stunt. Almost definitely isn't going to get around device locking and encryption, unless it has development mode turned on; might also violate privacy laws.
&gt; However, an aging population and austerity in the wake of the financial crisis have drained it's resources. Also don't forget straight-up sabotage. There are people that want to privatize the whole thing and sell it off to their friends, and the easiest way to do that is to make it unpopular for being ineffective. The way to do *that* is to intentionally under-fund it, so it can't do its job.
Ah, yes, good call. IIRC Heroforge is using a UV-cured full-density resin with support material, which mitigates many of these issues (since it's printing a solid block of material, concavity isn't an issue like it would be for most other technologies). That said, they do still need to produce something solid, smooth, and thick enough to be physically realizable. Your way is a lot of manual work to prepare, but it's pretty much guaranteed to produce good results.
&gt; You will always* have worse cooling in a container. For your actively cooled components. In a conventional domestic setting. Add in passively cooled components, and air conditioning systems, and designed airflow works far better than neutral.
&gt; It's good for extracting text chunks with known structure from unstructured files. It's even better when you already have well structured files, just with the wrong structure. Structural transformations are usually extremely well represented in regex.
I kinda want to make a *good* bridges mod now, out of spite :P I think the better way of restating the problem is that, currently, Factorio treats position as an absolute. It doesn't matter how you got to your current coordinates, that's where you are. Proper Bridges require a break to the assumption: depending on the path taken to get to a given coordinate, your status is different. It no longer depends on position alone, but also the (complete) history that got you there. ---- That said, I *do* have a hilariously hacked proposal that would -- for most intents and purposes, provide a bridge. - Add bridge tile - Hook on_entity_damaged for player damaged by trains - If the player is standing on a bridge tile when damaged by a train, - negate the damage - move the player to be a non-colliding entity type - add a timer to check for the player no longer being on a bridge, to send them back to normal This wouldn't work for cars (Well, I suppose it would if they were also hooked the same way), but would be a sketchy imitation. But, yeah. I can see where you're coming from. "The game fundamentally does not support this" is a somewhat tough thing to explain, doubly so when it's the 17th time.
&gt; It's like gun registration. That's a bit different, in that (if done correctly), the aim is to prevent *new* weaponry from hitting the streets. Everyone (vaguely sane) knows that you're not going to get rid of already-illegal weapons. The point of registration is that those weapons had to come from somewhere in the first place, and the source generally has to act legally.
DACs are also lower latency than 10GbaseT.
Having gone over the math *endlessly*, there's a pretty clean rule of thumb for this: - If you are literally walking right by the morkite, it's worth the time to stop and pick it up. - If you have to wait for Molly, or go up a wall or something, it's not worth it.
FWIW, you'd need a mirror on the order of 1000km away to have a shot at noticing that delay. (note that, at 1000km away, we're talking 7ms. So... still very little, but that's starting to be enough lag that you could potentially be cognizant of it).
The motion blur that would occur due to your own persistence of vision would make that a completely useless image though. So instead of confusing the higher parts of your brain with conflicting information, it's better to discard the unusable visual information, and keep working with slightly old, but clear enough to see, visual data.
The study itself doesn't have a true control group, but "everyone we can get data about from before we started the trial" forms somewhat of a retrospective control group.
That only solves part of the problem -- the unused housing being hoarded by the rich issue is also a thing. My answer is a 1%/month property tax on empty residences; 6-month grace period. Make it very expensive, very quickly, to hold onto housing. If you're buying it as a speculative investment -- I hope you lose it all; stop doing that. If you're just over-pricing the place, maybe you should lower prices, and allow people to actually live there. If it's "too much of a burden", the rich are very welcome to get out of the real estate market, and let the rest of us actually own our own dwellings again.
Oh, the point is that the "one electron" theory implies perfect matter/antimatter symmetry. As we do not observe that, the theory doesn't work.
I'll agree that it's hard to do *right*, but you can get relatively close by back-of-the-envelope'ing it. You have radiatiave and convective. I'll suspend it in mid-air, because why not. Area is then (24+36+96)*2 =~ 300 cm^2 . Temp is 930K. - Radiative: Q' = sigma A T^4 = 1.2 kW - Convective: Q' = h A dT . We don't know h, but for free convection in air it's usually 1-1000, which is a nice range. The upper limit there is 20kW; the lower is 20W. This puts us with an overall likely range of 1.2-20kW; since the h for convection is probably not the very upper limit, I'd say a guess of 1-2kW is safe.
&gt; Still interesting to know you can do this if you run a network with lots of users and you don't know who will do what. I run a decently large linux cluster, and the `sudo` error logs are a joy to read. Everytime an email shows up where someone tried to run `sudo apt-get install ....`, I'm reminded exactly why none of these people are allowed any kind of administrative rights on anything. **Reason 1**: You shouldn't be randomly installing software without talking to anyone **Reason 2**: This system consists of dozens of linux boxes tied together by a scheduler. Software that you just install on the login node will absolutely not work when you submit jobs. **Reason 3**: It's RHEL. You don't even know what the system package manager is. ... Which really just means that they were copy/pasting/running code they don't understand off the internet, on my stuff.
TBH I wouldn't even care (it's not a proper use of resources, but way below my care level), as long as you know enough to download, compile, or otherwise acquire it with user-level permissions.
&gt; Gabe Newell, John Carmack and many others did infinitely more for gaming than he'll ever do. I once spent $20 on an indie game, so I'm pretty sure I too have done infinitely more for gaming that he'll ever do.
In practical combustion, it's a bit more advantageous to the reaction, since there's also the mass of the fuel... but still a major effect. For example, if we consider burning glucose, our setup looks like: C6H12O6 + 6 O2 + 30 N2-&gt; 6 CO2 + 6 H2O + 30N2 In this case, rather than out-massing the oxygen 5:1, it's out-massing the oxygen+fuel pairing 140:68 ~= 2:1. So, in our first-order approximation, we go from the nitrogen eating up 80% off the reaction, down to 66%.
Wait, so like... someone looked at the rules and said "well there's no rule that I actually have to bring a horse to this horse race..."?
Not really just that -- it's that our breathing is decoupled from our running. Quadrupeds generally have the same core muscles that drive them forwards also involved in breathing, so the two are sync'd up. Meanwhile, we can run however is appropriate, and breathe at whatever rate is most efficient.
Bodies can be pretty stubborn though; it's not necessarily that easy. I have basically the exact opposite problem: I'm a bit under-weight, and can't gain it. I can stuff myself, eat like 4-500 kcal more than normal... and the only noticeable effect is my body temperature going up. That said, yes -- sustain a sufficient calorie deficit and you *will* lose weight.
Also, it's quite a lot cheaper to respond with ten times the force neccessary, for 100 cases, than it would be to respond with 1/10th what's necessary but for a million. If you can mount a sufficient response to keep it out of the general population, it will almost definitely be a lot cheaper and easier, pretty much regardless of how much effort is spent on that handful of cases.
Or hold a minimum balance in it. Basically, it's trivial for someone with a salary to have as many free checking accounts as they want. It's potentially impossible for someone at the bottom of the ladder.
It's probably not that his credit is too low -- as you said, *[bad]* credit doesn't prevent you from opening a bank account. A bad credit score is still a proof that you do stuff. What does prevent it is being unable to properly prove your identity. ----- Like so many other things that are horrible, this probably comes back to the patriot act. You can look up Section 326, but basically it says "you need to be sure they're not a terrorist before you give them a bank account." Don't know who you are -&gt; could be a fake identity for illegal stuff -&gt; denied.
I'd probably go with "They always have their horns ready" or something. Makes it less confusingly succubus-minotaur-ish.
*Crayola-based* cerebrovascular accident.
Alternatively, if could just be hooked up to Twitch.
Well when I read this post to my wife, she thought you were quoting $1000 *per user* per year. So.. yeah, prices go higher than that :) ----- As for me, our biggest tickets are probably Microsoft, or our ERP (pretty sure both are seven figures per year, but they're not my problem). E: Also Nutanix and associated VMware tax are probably a contender. Also interesting are some integrated systems -- for example, $1M will buy you a PB of Isilon with 5 years of warranty. That price is *mostly* for the software though; the hardware is pretty cheap commodity stuff. You can't disentangle them to price them separately.
If I had to make a conjecture, I'd guess that (vaguely successful) indies make fewer insane and stupid development choices. If you base your game on an existing cross-platform core, you're basically good out of the box. You only really start having real incompatibility issues when you start doing platform-specific hacks. I would argue that, in general, indie devs don't have the resources to do those *at all*. They're stuck doing it by the book, in the supported way. ---- Very stupid example: the era of Flash games was pretty much universally cross platform.
&gt; no amount For a $300 price tag, 6 man-hours or so, total over the whole production of those parts. Whether or not that amount is correct or sane is up for debate -- but it's entirely possible to impose that much overhead. Figure 20-30 minutes to fill out paperwork, times two people going over it, times doing it 5 or 10 times.
&gt; It's literally just 48 mirrors that are each tuned to only let one specific wavelength of light through. If that's a DWDM system, you really *really* don't want to touch the insides of that.
I'm now contemplating a workflow, where - Email is moved to "CYA" folder - CYA is append-only sync'd across devices - One of the devices is a computer at home, which automatically sends incoming emails in that folder to a printer. ---- E: The best part is that this is probably someone's *actual* workflow for printing things. One day someone gave them an email printer, and that was that. ---- E2: Actually, I can do one better. We fire up a local VOIP client, call the home landline number for the fax machine, and fax over CYA emails.
Honestly -- yes, yes you should. I'd like to see a good reason to not add another zero to that number, in fact. That said, I did neglect to consider that some of the labor is going to be upstream of the individual part production, and since that labor is spread across the entire production run, it's going to be pro-rated and be per-part. So I'd not expect it to scale *that* well.
&gt; Watching a half-hour mission go completely unwinnable because a lava chasm opened up under the fuel cells or a bulk turned the camp zone around the uplink into a fire crater I might be biased, because I like playing Engie a lot... but I've done both of those. It was fine. You toss some patches over the hole (or if it fell all the way down, you probably want to drill out around it), make some lillypads to jump around on in the lava-floor, or whatever. That said, on higher difficulties, you want to stay away from the mine head when fighting waves (and explosive bosses) in Magma. The floor *is* going to take a lot of damage, so you're a lot better off running the fight in an alternative sacrificial location, compared to the area you need to use.
To give you a real answer, it didn't work out to be economically practical. Intel actually tried that, with an architecture called Xeon Phi. Back when the most you could normally get was 10 cores in a processor, they released a line -- intially as a special card, but then as a "normal" processor -- with many weak cores. Specifically, up to 72 of their modified Atom cores, running at around 1-1.5GHz. [By the way, the thing itself is a beastly proccessor, with a 225W max power rating and 3647 pin connector](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/pRkd9YBKydo/maxresdefault.jpg). E: [And a picture of a normal desktop proc, over the LGA3647 connector for Xeon Phi](https://www.servethehome.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Intel-Xeon-D-Broadwell-DE-package-over-a-LGA-3647-socket.jpg). It didn't work very well though. See, either your problem was *very* parallelizable, in which case a 5000-core GPU is extremely effective, or not, in which case a 3+GHz chip with a TON of tricks and bonus hardware to make it go fast will work much better than a stripped down small slow core. Instead, conventional processors at full speed and power have been getting more cores, but without sacrificing per-core performance. ---- Incidentally, the reason why GPUs can have so many cores, is that they're not independent. With NVidia, for example, it's sets of 32 cores that *must* execute the exact same instruction, all at once. The only difference is what data they're working on. If you need for some of the cores to do something, and others not -- the non-active cores in the block will just wait for the active ones to finish. This is amazing for when you want to change every pixel on a whole image or something, but terrible for normal computation. There are *many* optimizations like this, which help it get a lot of work done, but no particular part of the work gets done quickly.
I actually considered doing that... turns out that one of the things sacrificed to make Xeon Phi work was the VT extensions, so it's basically useless for virtualization. That said, I've usually found time-sharing faster cores to be preferable -- it means it can actually get things done more quickly, because my virtualized loads are usually single-thread spikey. ... Though I'm still running 64 physical cores in most of my VM hosts, so you're not entirely wrong there.
Clarification: quad 16-core, so 64 total. They're pretty old. Buying new though... I'd probably go with dual proc, honestly. The benefits of quad don't usually outweigh the costs for me. Still would consider Epyc though.
Well, sure, but you need good sensor data to run any kind of autonomous flight. Supporting human "suggestions" is more of a software challenge (compared to just doing whatever the software wants).
&gt; It is a constitutional duty Okay, so... I have to take the bait. Assuming you mean that literally, how is it a constitutional *duty*? Ethical, easy to justify. Constitutional though? I'm not seeing it. You can make a 1stA argument that torrenting is constitutionally protected, but that doesn't make it a duty. Copyright is a prior restraint on free speech. In fact, (neglecting all the other issues), if you were to make a law that requires people to seed, that would probably get struck down on 1stA grounds based on unlawfully forcing speech. So yeah... if you have another constitutional argument for why it's a duty, I am extremely curious to hear it.
Near shore, and in decent weather. Throw in 3' or greater waves, rapid onset hypothermia, and/or not being very close to shore, and it is much less friendly.
It really wouldn't. The only question would be how many mistakes are made with services cutting it too close and getting burned. Basically, you get extraneous electrical loads on wires, proportional to their length. 1000-mile wire == bad, even if it's relatively mild. 100' wire == won't notice without special equipment. So it's a balancing act, where (depending on the magnitude of the event), some or all of our long distance transmission lines would need to be disconnected for the duration. That would, obviously, be bad, but would only last a couple days, at most. Local generators would work fine, and generation plants close to their point of use may also be usable in some cases. The big risk is that if the utility companies *don't* pull the plug in time, it can burn out multi-million-dollar transformers, which take 6-12 months to get replaced *under normal conditions*. Amusingly, communication lines will be mostly okay. Pretty much all long-haul infrastructure is fiber at this point, which couldn't care less.
When Windows gets a new version update, as far as I can tell the QA requirements are that it runs, at least on five out of seven test PCs. (Note that I know someone that bought a new windows computer, which a few months later -- even with no pieces of software installed -- was incapable of updating to the next update level. Came with 32GB eMMC, which is apparently not enough, and also Windows can't use an external SD as temp space.). When Linux gets an update, it won't break userland, or Linus will personally beat the responsible kernel dev with a length of garden hose until they apologize and promise to never do it again. Also, [you end up with people like Michael Larabel taking a dozen kernel versions, throwing a hundred benchmarks at them, and adding disappointed commentary whenever the performance gets worse](https://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&amp;item=linux-416-54&amp;num=1). (Sadly, all the speculative execution patches have been horrible for performance.)
It's aging (2016), but the New York Times has a very cool article about this: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/04/29/upshot/money-race-and-success-how-your-school-district-compares.html E: For those that don't want to check it out: - There's about a 2-grade-level gap between the best and worst school districts at a given income level (dropping outliers) - There's about a 7-grade-level gap between the best and worst school districts overall. - After you control for income, you still have a racial disparity. This is hypothesized to be related to parental engagement. That is, 6th graders in Lexington MA are performing at a roughly 10th grade level, while those in Detroit are performing at a roughly 4th grade level. Yikes.
Lightning is generally handled by shielding wires. That said, Lightning can push up to around 10kA.... and the normal service amperage is usually in the 1-2kA range. So a lightning strike is only around a 10x overload, and only for a fraction of a second. That almost definitely won't trigger protective circuitry on a major power line. Also notable: it takes a pretty long time to open &gt;100kV breakers. Even air-blast, vacuum, oil quenched, or whatever still take an appreciable fraction of a second. ----- That said, IIRC the DC danger is primarily in coil saturation. Transfomers are hyper-optimized to handle enormous amounts of AC, but are actually pretty weak to getting some DC overlaid onto that. It's easy enough to interrupt with the AC overlaid onto it, because you still have your zero crossings. Problem is that you can burn out your transformer while still appearing to be within "safe" limits. ------ E: Let me amend: Big transformers and lines have circuit breakers, but they take a relatively long time to activate, and have more technical safety margins. They have safe operating ranges, peak "you can go this much higher for 10 minutes" ranges, etc. The automatic breakers just protect from insanely high powers ala 2003; there's normally supposed to be humans ensuring that things are kept within bounds. DC breaks transformers without going far enough to set off the automatic safeguards.
Mechanically, you're going to have a slightly different charge density. In a normal wire case, that means the negative one has *slightly* more electrons per unit volume than the positive one. Hence, it's quite like the "pressure" example -- the charge/stuff flows due to it expanding outwards a bit.
Basically, yeah. IIRC there might have been a proposed theory assigning physical meaning to voltage based on some quantum effect... but I'm pretty sure it hasn't been experimentally demonstrated, and also my memory is quite hazy here so don't quote me on this being a thing.
Awww, I went to look up the wording, and they changed it since previous editions :( &gt; A monk’s attacks can be with fists, elbows, knees, and feet. This means that a monk can make unarmed strikes with his hands full. There is no such thing as an off-hand attack for a monk striking unarmed. Sorry to get your hopes up.
Little to nothing. The problem is that commercial fishing is *way* too effective. For species at risk, there are already wide blackout windows, maximum catch quotas, etc. IIRC Iceland overhauled its system to be amount based rather than time based, and the entire yearly fishing season is done in like a month... that's how quickly they can hoover up the fish. The current restrictions are often insanely complicated, but as an example, here's a two-month blackout on bluefin tuna earlier this year: &gt; Based on the best available landings information, NMFS has determined that the adjusted General category January 2020 subquota of 100 mt will be reached (i.e., as of February 21, reported landings total approximately 88 mt) and therefore the General category fishery for large medium and giant Atlantic bluefin tuna will close. The General category bluefin tuna fishery will close effective 11:30 p.m., February 24, 2020, until it reopens on June 1, 2020 with a quota of 277.9 mt available for the June through August time period. Retaining, possessing, or landing large medium or giant BFT by persons aboard vessels permitted in the Atlantic tunas General and HMS Charter/Headboat categories must cease at 11:30 p.m. local time on February 24, 2020, through May 31, 2020. This action applies to General category permitted vessels and to HMS Charter/Headboat category permitted vessels with a commercial sale endorsement when fishing commercially for BFT. The intent of this closure is to prevent overharvest of the available General category January BFT subquota. For further information, please go to: https://www.fisheries.noaa.gov/action/closure-general-category-bluefin-fishery-january-subquota-period-2020 Presumably there's a june subquota as well, which will allow for a few months of fishing, and then a few months prohibiting it. ----- If you banned all fishing for 10 months per year, that *might* be enough. I'm still reasonably sure that commercial fishing is "efficient" enough to overfish the oceans using only two months out of the year.
THz nothing -- this thing is in Optical. (Yes, that's 360THz; THz as a field generally refers to 0.5-10THz)
Why do I feel like there's a python pipeline somewhere that now determines the average color of each icon, and examines their distribution in 3D color-space to ensure nothing is too close? (Incidentally, colorblindness testing can be effected by permuting the RGB space with a linear transformation)
Ah, this is true. Doing it "right" would require rendering them in the game; like a 4x4 section of belts full of the item. While doable, it adds in many more dependent questions involving what else is in the scene. Probably just easier to let the community identify problem spots.
Haven't tried something like this, but making it come out square&amp;level is something that *should* be easy, but I could easily see going wrong. You have a set of pieces of wood, with barely square sides. Those, however, connect to pipe flanges, which are hard-attached to pipes which need to be dead plumb. Additionally, while you have a bit of leeway with the pipe threads, that's probably only around +/- 1/8" or so. Unless you have a huge NPT die to cut new threads with, you can't change the length of the pipe sections either. Think how weird it would look if one of those legs was a few degrees off of straight.
It's basically the same thing, but with a slicer instead of CAM step. Also the produced g-code is orders of magnitude longer because there's just *so much* machine movement.
That applies for a normal vehicle, but not necessarily an articulated one. Stopping is primarily limited by not jackknifing; a heavier back end will be a more stable one less prone to swinging. All else excepted, friction coefficient between tire and road is your limiting factor, thus making the stopping distances equal.
Migration is a valid and practical solution for many species. [The United States varies by about 20C in average temperature, top to bottom](https://www.smu.edu/~/media/Site/Dedman/Academics/Programs/Geothermal%20Lab/Graphics/TemperatureMaps/surfacetemp.ashx?la=en&amp;la=en). Hence, a 5C difference turns New York into Newark,VA; Newark becomes Jacksonville. Any species that bridges more than about 300 vertical miles of habitat (in the US; this number varies by latitude and local climate) will survive. The southern part of its range will disappear, while the more northern parts will "feel" like the southern parts used to... and further areas northwards will become habitable to it. So yes, your delicate species; your particular habitat specialists, and all kinds of other cool things would get wiped out. Squirrels though? [They already span a 20C range, from the 25C tip of Florida up to the 5C northern border of Maine.](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/John_Koprowski/publication/311886807/figure/fig1/AS:613949796020234@1523388446444/Distribution-of-the-native-range-of-eastern-grey-squirrels-Sciurus-carolinensis-in.png) They'll be fine.
And presumably those UPS's run through separate wires, to separated PDUs in each rack.
However, if you're excellent at tunneling, you have the advantage of being able to *create* your defensive terrain in large part. You also want to think about things like elevation, putting in "stops" to prevent boulders from being rolled, etc. Thus, you get all kinds of great worldbuilding opportunities with tunneling and counter-tunneling, defensive tunnels, weird no-man's-land standoffs at corners where spears cannot properly operate and neither force wants to cross, and so on.
"Fun" fact: for a few hundred dollars, you can buy guided munitions now.
Drone + explosive.
&gt; I would have preferred that they obscured only the book for the nation ip, I stead of the whole collection, maybe putting a page that explain why that book is not available. The normal "block" method is the ISP doing DNS poisoning or IP blocking. It's not effective, and also bad. However, it has no finesse, so it can't do anything other than wholesale block complete sites.
&gt; If I could suggest one mod or game addition (an expansion pack!) would be the ability to send materials on rockets home for missions/objectives for certain rewards or items you can only get from your home planet. [There was a 0.15-0.16 mod for this; not sure if there's an updated one](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/OffWorldShippingCo). E: [This is somewhat similar to the thought](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/Mining-Space-Industries)
There's a bit of subtlety here. It's been a while, so I'm not 100% sure I've got this right, but I think much of this formalism I need to attribute to /u/karmaze Cultures have values. There a many common shared negative ones: "Murder -&gt; bad". "Rape -&gt; bad". "Theft -&gt; bad". Then you also have positive ones, such as: "Church -&gt; good". "Sports -&gt; good". "Bodily autonomy -&gt; good". "Free speech -&gt; good". "Due process of law -&gt; good". There are some cases where people do, in fact, disagree about whether something is good or bad. Those are relatively rare though. It's far more common that people agree on the values; what they disagree on is the priorities of them. Taking the title-IX debacle as an example, more or less all participants agree that "sexual harassment is bad", and "everyone should be able to get an education in peace". The problem is that some people prioritize preventing sexual harassment over ensuring that everyone can get their education. Circling back to the original question, "rape culture" I would say is when the "rape is bad" value is placed *below* other ones. That is, values like "our sports team is the best", or "our leaders need to appear to be great people". When you have a culture which prioritizes "frivolous" things over people [women] getting assaulted, the culture offers a weak tacit approval. It's not that it's good; it's that another value can overwhelm that one, which can be exploited. Now, we get to an interesting point, because many people, myself included, do *not* put "rape is bad" as the top-tier priority in the chain. There are other things, such as "genocide is bad", or -- more controversially in this case -- "It is better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer." So you have one side laser-focusing in on an issue, and saying "listen and believe", and other people saying "yeah, but we *do* have other priorities as well". ... And then the first group generally accuses the second of misogyny.
IMO if you have a write performance problem, then you really should be handling that in a flash tier. Amusingly (to me), NetApp seems like not the best choice from a reliability perspective. It's basically an epic-scale RAID 10 arrangement, wherein you have pairs supporting each other. Node-independent scale out will let you go further with tolerating multiple node failures. At that point, you're looking at the GDP of a medium country though, so... (Side note: *When NetApp is the budget option you're considering*)
no, no -- RAID(5,6) *is* an erasure code. It's not a scheme that includes all the fancy bells and whistles that make for slick scale-out storage solutions -- but it is still mathematically a type of erasure code.
As someone who recently bought a micrometer because I wanted one, I can comfortably say that my TP is 0.0045" thick.
&lt;existential crisis&gt; I mean... aren't we *all* from the past?
Photovoltaic doped silicon, with clear silicon[and oxygen] on top :)
Cached content is actually quite small, relatively. For my current browser session: - 13.7MB cache - 800MB of main process, including 200M of random JS - 850MB of web extensions process, though 700M of that is window objects (that's my fault for tab count) - 8x 200-600MB browser processes. This includes a tab of gmail, which eats 300MB on its own. All told, Firefox is chewing up nearly 7GB. 0.2% of that is content cache that it can dump (incidentally, I don't know of a mechanism for the OS to push that request down to the application). The rest is tabs, layouts, gigabytes of garbage javascript, and so on. Because really... there's no good reason we need 300MB of overhead to display a list of emails.
Because Twittterinfo bot only grabbed the first one: &gt;**B. Allen-Ebrahimian @BethanyAllenEbr** &gt; My WeChat &amp; Tiananmen: A thread. &gt; &gt; I have long had the same WeChat account, opened in the US with a US number. &gt; &gt; Recently, I decided to change the password. Never one to miss an opportunity to test boundaries, I used the most CCP-offensive password I could think of: &gt; &gt; F*ckCCP89 &gt; &gt; ---- &gt; &gt; Without the asterisk, of course. &gt; &gt; Now to be clear, this is not something I go around saying or thinking or promoting. I just wanted to make this a test. &gt; &gt; What would happen? Would my WeChat account, opening in the US, with a US number, somehow be affected? &gt; &gt; ---- &gt; &gt; Well. &gt; &gt; Within 45 SECONDS of me changing the password, my WeChat account was permanently closed. &gt; &gt; Forever. &gt; &gt; Not suspended. No appeal process. Closed. &gt; &gt; ----- &gt; &gt; This is interesting. This isn't exactly a case of "censorship" per se. No one would ever publicly see my password (though clearly WeChat has access to it!). &gt; &gt; ----- &gt; &gt; Now for me, losing my WeChat account is slightly annoying, but that's all. But what if I used it the way many Chinese people do now? As THE single platform through which I talk to my family and my boss, pay my bills, pay at restaurants, apply for small loans (I think?), etc &gt; &gt; ----- &gt; &gt; Of course, if I needed WeChat to function in my daily life, I would never have tried this at all. &gt; &gt; And I think that is the point. That everywhere around, in places hidden and open, known and unknown, there is the hand of the state, waiting to punish every small infraction. &gt; &gt; ----- &gt; &gt; It's another way of creating &amp; enforcing an environment of total self-censorship, so that you learn to flag every CCP-unfriendly thought before it finds external expression. &gt; &gt; So you can keep on being able to hail a cab with your phone, or run your e-commerce small business. &gt; &gt; ----- &gt; &gt; See, this is the advantage of reporting on China from outside of China (as a person without family ties to China either). &gt; &gt; The stakes for my probing are so, so much lower. So I can do so rather boldly. &gt; &gt; ----- &gt; &gt; There is now apparently a Reddit thread where people with more knowledge than o are discussing the potential backend of how this happened &gt; WeChat bans account using sensitive password, raising security concern &gt; Posted in r/programming by u/hkbbl • 1 point and 0 comments &gt; &gt; ----- &gt; &gt; For people asking, I had the Chinese version of WeChat. It was a Chinese friend who invited me to join. &gt; &gt; ----- &gt; &gt; I wish I’d had the presence of mind at the time to take screenshots of the message that popped up saying why they had closed my account. It was something along the lines of 非法行为 but that’s not the exact wording. &gt; &gt; ----- &gt; &gt; Additional questions that ppl have been asking: WeChat initially accepted my new password. For around 45 seconds, I was able to access my account. Then suddenly a message popped up saying my account would be closed. &gt; &gt; ----- &gt; &gt; It said that if I had money associated with my account, I would be able to get it back . (But I didn’t).
You appear to be approaching the [Problem of Induction](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Problem_of_induction). In a strict and philosophical sense, you can't prove it. You can't prove any of it. You can go see that Newton's work right, but then one day it turns out that if your ball is painted light purple, it doesn't obey the 1st law. I would say that is no not going to happen... but my assertion here is based on belief, rather than proof. It's a negative proof problem. *You can never prove that a model is correct.* What you *can* do is gather evidence. There are two levels of this: 1. Your model fits with all known experimental data. This means that it's not definitely wrong. At this point, it will probably be judged by simplicity. The "cleaner" it is, among equally valid options, the more preferred it will be. 2. Your model predicts experimental data. This is a *very* good sign. That is, your model suggests something interesting will happen in some situation, which nobody as seen before. You go out, you try it.... and it happens. This gives significant weight to the model being correct. The reason for this, is that over-fitting is a problem. If you give me N points on a graph, I can give you a polynomial ( y = a0+a1\*x+a2\*x^(2)+... ) that precisely fits that data. It will look increasingly stupid, and be very wrong in other places if it's *not* a polynomial that we're modeling... but it works. That's an extreme example, but illustrates the point. However, if you can successfully predict something outside what you were basing the model on, that means that it probably isn't over-fit to the section you had to look at first. ----- In the end though, this problem is a bit more practical in most cases. *All models are wrong but some are useful* &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; ~~George Box Often, even if we *know* a model is wrong in some cases, we still will use it. Why? Because it's simpler and easier, and correct enough for what we're trying to do. In this respect, physics is the art of using approximations. You're on a train going 30m/s forwards. You throw a ball 5m/s forwards. How fast is the ball going (WRT the ground)? Obvious Galilean answer: 30m/s + 5m/s = 35m/s. Technically correct answer via SR: (30m/s + 5m/s)/(1 + (30m/s)\*(5m/s)/c^(2)) ~= 34.99999999999993 Unless there's a good reason why I need accuracy better than 1 part in 10^(15), there was no point in me using the more complicated model to solve this problem. And thus, we have an array of tools. Some of them are definitely wrong. Some of them are probably wrong, but we haven't proven them wrong (yet). Some are probably right. What really matters, is which one is best for a given job.
You dropped a zero on that number... That said, cable has a tendency to go quadratically with building size. Each additional room both means another room of ports, and also that the average run length of each cable just got half a room longer. The White House is roughly 650' end to end and 6 stories tall... Even if we have multiple telco closets, we're talking many long runs. [As an aside, when looking up 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, the first result I got was Zillow. [And it's pretty funny.](https://www.zillow.com/homedetails/1600-Pennsylvania-Ave-NW-Washington-DC-20006/84074482_zpid/)]
That is fascinating. And mildly disappointing that I like my IP deskphone better than either of the presidential ones. [I was expecting the phone equivalent of this...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-z9PidYH4E)
Yeah -- Mathematically it's going to do the same thing as doing your binomial distribution; P(r out of n events, with independent probability p) = p^(r)(1-p)^(n-r) n!/(r!(n-r)!)... but by rolling it into the polynomial expansion, and using variables as labels, you can coerce the computer into giving you all the terms, with minimal effort.
You know, just to make everyone uncomfortable about it, I want to attach handles to something using panel-mount BNC. Or maybe use them for like kitchen cabinet drawer pulls. Each one is just an excessively fancy 50-ohm terminator.
Worth noting: libertarian leans pretty hard Sanders -- aside from the amount of taxation, he's pretty strong on individual liberties. If you're not "taxation is theft and I don't want any public services" (or are willing to back-burner that preference), he's pretty good.
It's worse than that, though. GM vs. players is Bad, but *usually* when GMs do that it's at least played out with the appearance of fairness. "You die because I said so" isn't winning, it's giving up; building unfair encounters that are technically within the rules (and maybe even the CR) is. You have a GM trying to kill the players, but doing so while still constrained by the same set of rules.
&gt; He got mad after I used mage hand to turn a knob, triggering a trap that was supposed to cut my hand off. I was just being mega fuckin' careful after the last 2 deaths. Well, apparently he also doesn't know the PF rules either. RAW, Mage Hand can't do that.
I mean, in normal cases, yeah; do whatever. I probably wouldn't allow it based on scope creep -- allowing mage hand to arbitrarily exert forces and torques up to its limit drastically increases its power. In this case it obsoletes Open/Close, and with a bit of creativity encroaches on Pilfering Hand, a 2nd level. However, in this case, there was a BS amputation trap, specifically there to target a player. I would be *very* surprised if a GM that would put something like that in would also be happy with a player using a spell outside of its written scope, to bypass it.
Hahaha, fair. I actually really like the Vancian magic flavor for that -- Wizards have no idea how spells actually work, and just have been passing around these magic formulas for centuries. It's just a huge pile of arcaetechnical magic nobody understands any more. Words of Power gives you most of what you're asking there. Really though... *game balance*.
I mean, given the pile of options, she could do the opposite, and never use the same reference twice.
The exception here would be if you have a contract (written or oral) ahead of time. In that case, you can take the picture fine, but you have agreed to pay them for the service of posing for said pictures.
Being divine, Oracle also gets Silence. ... Which, as a readied action, is equal to or better than Dispel for counterspelling in most circumstances; despite being only a 2nd level spell.
FWIW, Octave is a free re-implementation of the core Matlab language. It doesn't have 20GB of toolkits and random functions (yes, that's actually how big Matlab is at this point), but it uses the same syntax, and has the same strengths and weaknesses. You pretty much summed up the whole language with "which only makes sense from a math standpoint, not a CS on". If you're trying to do CS, you're in the wrong language. If you're using a loop... chances are you're making a mistake. Matlab is good at linear algebra, and other types of tensor work. If you have 10,000 x and y coordinates, and want to calculate their distance from the origin, the normal CS approach would be "iterate across them, calculate distance, save in output". Matlab wants you to do `dist = x .* x + y .* y`... and it will do the looping for you (in actually optimized C or asm). It's a good language for taking a set of math formulas, and converting them from paper to computer. It's pretty bad for just about everything else.
A few more fun facts to stress your brain: 1. Nearly all compilers and such have "escape characters", where a special sequence of letters produces something that you can't normally type. For example, `\0` to make a 0x00 NULL character, `\n` for a newline, etc. This is normal and makes sense. The weird part is the compiler, where it usually reads something like `if(input == '\n') then { output = "\n" }` And, the only way it knows the actual value of `\n` is that it was already there in the compiler, which passes it on to the next generation. The first generation needs some kind of weird bootstrapping hack to pass the real value in. 2. We take ASCII and 8-bit bytes for granted these days. However, when computers were first being introduced, that was *not* a standard. 6-bit bytes (though the term 'byte' wasn't nailed down yet) were common, combined into 18 or 36-bit words. This was... not good... for inter-operability between systems.
Each takes 20d6 damage.
Which would be amusing and inconvenient to design around, but still doable. Presumably there aren't any decent EE's that have been read into the wizarding world. As a bonus, you could make a lot of stuff be self-powered, similar to a crystal radio. ... though ham radio operators probably would have found out about them all basically immediately.
I wonder if we can put a 60s delay on recycling bins. Like, I get that "recover from stupid mistakes" is a useful feature to have, but by making it trivially easy, people can include it in their workflow. Maybe if each time you pulled something out of the recycling bin, it would spend an entire minute spinning a "RECOVERING YOUR FILES" window, that would convince people to *not put things there*. Or maybe (also) a "For security reasons, you need to unlock this, so type in your password."
&gt; Cantrips don't scale with your character level or caster level, and are not useful for dealing damage at higher levels. Mostly. I played with a rogue doing a 1d3+5d6 with acid splash...
While we're at it, prepared casters (at least arcane; not positive on clerics and druids) do not need to prepare all their spells at once. They can leave free slots open, which can be prepared at a later time if something specific comes up.
JPEG. [It uses a discrete cosine transform](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discrete_cosine_transform), which is a quite cool way of doing it. However, it adds "ringing" around the edges of things. It's (somewhat) like how if you have a 3D printer going way too fast, you end up with wobbly edges right after a sharp corner. Good for natural photographs, terrible for digital images. Now, why don't people use PNGs, which are a format designed to have crisp edges and wide expanses of flat colors, when saving screenshots? Because they're scrubs. You're right that there's no good reason. Incidentally, any software the defaults to saving as JPEG, outside of some very specific photograph-related purposes, should be evicted from whatever garbage app store it came from.
This is true. The spell itself will not scale as some 5e stuff does. It's just a question of if you can get any bonus utility out of it.
Aluminum ring* But yes, those eddy currents both result in a force on the ring, but also the equal&amp;opposite paired force on the coil. Turn it upside down, and a coil will repel from a metal surface. Presumably this will also apply to a cable, if you push enough current through it. ... Note that this does require a conductive substrate -- but there tend to be conductive things around places where large temporary wires would be run.
What I find most interesting here is that compared to the [original music video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvq9r6R6QAY), they've changed the dance slightly. In specific, if a physical human attempts the dance in the original version, they will need replacement knees by about minute three. The version you have there has a far tamer amount of genupelvic torquing, where one knee goes forwards at a time, rather than both just bending back and forth in weird ways. E: Your video does get an honorable mention for twisting the spine back and forth through roughly 300 degrees every half-second though.
*The market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent.*
&gt; wherein a physical model could be moved to hold angles that a sphere cannot? I think if you can fill in this a bit further, I might be able to give a useful answer. That is, on a normal sphere, what angles can we make, and what angles can we *not* make?
&gt; Like someone else mentioned the one constant everyone mentions is the fact that sometimes the answers that ML gives do work, but there is no intuition as to why they work. Also worth noting ML techniques are notorious for finding loopholes and corner cases that give them a good score, but aren't actually what you are looking for. Physics often has situations where we have a model that works within a domain, and we work within that domain to find what we're looking for, based on experience and physical intuition. ML will *happily* go to a nonphysical limit, break your model, and come back with Great Success. In other words, you need to rigorously verify anything that comes out. ----- I would categorize it like this: a ML-based neural net isn't any more reliable than a wetware one. You wouldn't publish a paper based on "my grad student has a hunch this is the right answer" -- just because it came out of a computer doesn't make it any more correct. E: An amendment because this came off as a bit more negative than intended: You *would* go try something out based on aforementioned "grad student hunch" though. It's entirely possible it's good -- you should just verify it before committing.
Sometimes we submit tickets across departments. I think as a response to users being insane, we go way too far far the other way on urgency. ---- Subject: Data center temperature settings? Priority: P3 (noncritical, no rush) Body: I was installing a box in Row 2, and there appears to be a 42 inch jet of fire coming out of the main natural gas feed in the wall by row 11. Is this expected?
And this is why glassdoor is cool... It's a fairly impressive con honestly. If everyone thinks that they make more than everyone else, they won't want to talk about the specific numbers. After all, if that's true, and if said co-workers push for fair pay out of a fixed pool of money, it would result in the above-average person getting paid less. For most people though, some or all of that assertion is a lie.
... and yet somehow didn't die. That's really what made it so hard; once you have shields and mk2 armor, the line between "out of shields" and "out of health | game over" is quite narrow. ... On top of that 10k HP.
That's actually a lot more limited, because safety ratings are generally pretty strict about what knots you're allowed to use for various things. For example, a figure-eight loop is a pretty miserable knot (hitch, technically) -- but it's extremely commonly used due to decent strength and improbability of loosening.
Oh, absolutely. My point is that if you try telling a climber that the Zeppelin bend is the greatest knot for joining two equal diameter ropes, chances are they're not going to be too interested in trying something new and exciting on their safety equipment. (Incidentally, the Zeppelin bend *is* the greatest choice of bend. It's gorgeously symmetric, quite strong, fast to tie, and has minimal slip issues. The symmetry also means that all of the tails are full strength.)
We could rename it after William Henry Bragg, who got a Nobel for some really cool work on x-rays, as well as ionizing particle energy deposition which is useful in modern radiation therapy treatments. It would save on so much re-branding effort... Then again, US military bases aren't *traditionally* named after British physicists...
Unfortunately, the classically cynical IT solution has some major ethical problems in the healthcare field: Intentionally let "nice but not mission critical" services degrade once in a while, just so that you can step in and quickly resolve the issue.
The worst part is that the Ebola scare *wasn't* handled particularly well. When we actually had to deal with something nasty like that, we found out that the CDC knew what they were doing, but could handle like a dozen patients. Meanwhile, hospitals were under-trained and under-equipped. We learned a lot of lessons about what we would need to do next time, to handle it better. ... and then promptly ignored them all.
&gt;The unreliability of using files of store a PID number of a process was always present with SYSV unix. Ugh, this so much. I have a big pile of services that don't stop properly, because the spawned process then spawns a daemon and exits... so the $! variable is wrong, *usually* by 1.
There is a *whole* lot of "If you want to change something, and they thought of it and want to support it, you 'just' have to track down what the flag name is, and set it. If they didn't, you're out of luck." And, of course, the names and functionalities may have randomly changed along the way, so a page explaining how to do exactly what you want may or may not actually work.
I say go full History Channel on it. 20 minutes (well, 10 minutes +10 minutes of commercials, with three totally fabricated cliffhangers) of the FriendCrush investigation team traveling across the country to track down some random person. *We went back to the site of the 1997 party, and you will never guess what we found* &lt;commercial cut&gt; (What they found was a totally normal house party, and by sheer luck the host still has a dozen Polaroid photos from it)
Ah, a fair point. If they never got large enough to reach "journalists beaten in the streets" levels, that would not happen. Also, it's probably a consideration that there are two nearly entirely disjoint groups of people here. Those in the streets already are on a given side, and most of them held that opinion the whole time. The decentralized media has motivated them to action. Meanwhile, you have the "Silent Majority", many of whom get their information from said big news outlets. They inform public policy and voting, but will probably not be out in the streets. The first spreads the call to action; the second makes it go somewhere. Occupy demonstrated what happens when you have the first without the second.
If the breaks are on, there's a force on the wheels opposing that. It looks like your real question is the significantly more confusing "How can the drive system in a car actually cause the ground to push forwards on the wheels?" For that, let's consider a wheel chair. This removes the issues of torque transmission, though we do need to use torque balance to explain it. We'll put the chair on an incline, and have the person be pushing holding it steady. (The math works out exactly the same for all other situations, but this is simpler.) To make this make more sense, I'm going to call the person+wheelchair chassis system as one object "person", and the wheel as a second, massless object (wheel). So, intuition: We know that the person is pushing on the wheel in the forwards (up the ramp) direction; gravity is pulling the wheelchair backwards. Friction must be pushing it up the ramp, because that's the only external force on the person+wheel system, and it's not sliding down so something must be counteracting graivty... but how? Also... I'm going to ignore forces in the normal-to-ramp direction. We have gravity and normal forces in a whole bunch of terms, but they all cancel out and the chair doesn't fall through the ground or rocket off into space. I just don't want to write them all. So, first let's consider our wheel. At the top, we have the force F, from the person, pushing forwards. Then, in the middle, we have an unknown force, Fc. I'm writing it down, because that's where the wheel connects, so there could be a force here. Finally, we have Fg, the force of friction with the ground. Also unknown. There are no other places where the wheel interacts with anything. Let us first consider a torque balance. The system is in equilibrium, so there is no net torque around any point. As our point of consideration, let's take the ground as our origin point. At a distance of 2R, we have F, forwards. At a distance of 1R, we have Fc. At a distance of 0, we have Fg... so that contributes nothing. Thus, our torque balance is 2F\*R + Fc\*R = 0. Divide by R, and we get Fc = -2F. In other words, Fc is 2F backwards. Now we can consider the force balance. Again, equilibrium applies, so the sum of all forces equals zero. F + Fc + Fg = 0. F -2F +Fg = 0. Thus, Fg = F. Meanwhile, the person has equal-and-opposite counter-forces from both F and Fc. The person part is pushed backwards by F, while the chassis part is pushed forwards by 2F. Together, the net effect is the chassis being pushed forwards by F. Incidentally, that F and 2F are not balanced around the person. There is a torque there. This is a reason why vehicles generally have front and back wheels. In a car for example, when it accelerates, that same type of torque tips the vehicle backwards. Similarly, the vehicle tips forwards when braking. ----- In summary, if you drive the wheels on a vehicle forwards or backwards, that produces a force between the ground and the wheels.
Prefix: those aren't the rules as I see them in the sidebar? 1. Title all posts in this format: [Hobby Name] Drama Descriptor 2. Low quality and low effort posts will be removed. This can be defined as posts less than 45 words, copypastas, and other such low effort material. 3. Post reddit community related drama in /r/SubredditDrama/ 4. Consequences must be detailed. 5. No validation seeking or awfulbrag posts. 6. There must be a noticeable impact to the relevant community. ---- I think that, to some extent, the issue here is that Youtube is both a platform, and a hobby on its own. This applies to basically any platform, and as I read the rules, covers quite a few of them in different ways. I would think that consolidating them makes sense: - Youtube/twitch - subreddit - Forums - Internet - "reality" TV to some extent (though it's not a public platform) What we don't want is drama specifically about the platforms themselves, or public figures associated with those platforms -- without a proximal cause related to a separate hobby. In effect, it's drama for drama's sake. So, we don't really care if a random forum explodes because of something internal. We do care if a guitar forum explodes because of poor PR, confusion, and shims. I would propose a metric that good posts are triggered by *hobby-relevant* events, while bad content is triggered by *personality-related* events. So Wizards doing stupid things with the Magic rules is fair game, but two big players getting into an argument about something irrelevant would be off topic. That has some flaws though, because the BA example would be included -- situations where an off-topic personal event causes on-topic shockwaves are relatively common. So, aside from 'I know it when I see it', I'm not sure the best approach here. Perhaps someone else can concretize a better test for relevance.
Per user.... but don't hold your breath if there are a lot of people using that satellite at once. The bands they're equipped with for downlink are good for around 100gbit at the most.
However, once we can manage it, space-based telescopes will be amazing. Without all that pesky weight needing to be supported, building a km-class spherical dish (e.g. out of mylar) is within the realm of possibility. (I say spherical, because it allows for Arecibo-style aiming. A parabolic lens would require aiming the entire structure, which would be a problem if it was ultralight and thus not very rigid.)
That... is the definition of static friction. If you stand on a ramp, why is static friction present between your shoes and the ramp, when you have zero velocity relative to it? Or is your question "why does friction exist at all?", and the rolling object part is irrelevant?
There's a reason I try to make my desktop-unlock passwords be easily typed with one hand... it's quite common that the other has food in it.
You missed a step in there: `vi` is the shorthand version of `visual`, the command to switch the `ex` editor from line-based to visual mode. `vi` as an executable is just a shorthand way to start `ex` in `:visual` mode. Then somewhere along the way, the two got inverted, and `ex` now starts `vi` in `ex` mode.
For the really hardcore (or multi-user sysadmins on shared boxes), there's `environment-modules` (or `lmod`). That lets you have arbitrarily many versions of software installed concurrently, and with different users using different versions simultaneously.
&gt; Since he mixed his Twitter handle with official business, he can't just unmix them at a whim. I would love to see the opposite of that. Personal twitter account continues insulting the president about being terrible all the time, presidential account posts normal precise press-release type stuff. Bonus fun comes from seeing how many people don't realize that they are the same person.
Don't worry, we can use it again in another thread.
&gt; This is also why you can never blow all the dust off something. &gt; &gt; You can, however, get *extremely* close. Considering various sized dust particles, particle adhesion goes roughly with surface area, as does drag, so those two will cancel out. Thus, we are just left with larger particle extending further out into the airstream. Increasing the velocity gradient increases the shear rate, which means you can establish a detaching force for lower diameter particles. This is why e.g. an air nozzle on a pneumatic line can quite effectively blow dust off a surface, due to the few-hundred-mph/inch shear rate. ---- That said, there *is* a limit in which you can actually remove all the dust. It just requires that your mean free path be large enough that the no-slip condition no longer really applies. This would be unusual to encounter in normal conditions, however.
Decent optics on the ground side would compensate for a weaker transmit signal satellite-side. The biggest issue there would be tracking. At a 200 mile orbit, each satellite is looking to be moving at roughly 8 degrees per second across your field of view. That's fine for the phased array beam steering (and probably a big reason to use it)... but for physical optics it would be a challenge. I think that's why they're intending on using optical links between satellites: they should be relatively stable and well synchronized between each other within a given orbital plane set (and also without much atmosphere in the way).
Yes horizontal force on the contact point. Hold a stick by one end. Push the other end against the floor, perpendicular to it. You can now push horizontally with the stick at the contact point, despite not holding it at that location. It's more effort than if you were holding it at the bottom, because you have to establish that force by applying a torque at your end. However, you still can do it. Wheels work the same way. A torque on the wheel translates to a linear force at the contact point with the ground.
Probably wasn't -- it was probably the Tails default video player. I'm not positive what that *is*; I'm guessing Totem.
Honestly, my guess is a quagmire of departments, legal obligations, NDAs, and human lazyness. Let's say you're an employee, you've gotten this zero-day bug from your contractor. The responsible thing to do would be to report it, but you've looked, and they're going to fix it anyway. Meanwhile, you're under NDA and orders from the FBI, and sharing anything requires going through your Legal team, which will consult with the FBI, and greenlight that. Or, you can do nothing and just let the issue resolve itself. It's not *good practice*, but I can easily see why the individuals in a position to disclose this would choose not to bother.
That's why a VM array is a better design. Components that don't need network access don't get it. Even the components that *do*, only get the TOR access. That is, the don't run TOR, they only see a single interface out to the world, which is piped through TOR. Meanwhile, the VM that handles the onion routing and *actually* knows your real information, doesn't run any payload software. Thus, you would need to get root, *and then* do a VM-jailbreak to get out of the VM. Still probably technically feasible -- but a far harder gap to jump.
That is roughly 80% true. Tor is *not* hardened against statistical traffic-pattern attacks. If you have - A view into the target cleartext traffic (ideally you control the service itself) - A view into the target user (ideally you control the gateway node, but an ISP tap would be good enough) You can potentially unmask TOR users. Basically, based on packet ~~size~~ and timing, you can identify what user is getting that traffic. For example, if you control the hidden service, you could shape your traffic. If someone downloads a 1MB image, TOR splits that into 2000 512B chunks. If you were to send it to the target user as ~120 sets of 17 packet bursts, with 0.1s delays between them. Meanwhile, you monitor the output stream(s). When you find someone who is getting sets of 17 appropriately sized packets (they will be larger, because headers), you have your target. Sure, it's entirely possible that you will get some false positives for packets in a row, and other traffic can mask the pattern with extra goods. However, it's *extremely* unlikely for that to happen hundreds of times in a row. Even if you don't control the specific target traffic, services have a "signature". If you load `google.com`, it will send you 8 (? I forget) packets in a row. The home page looks the same to everyone, and it has the same traffic pattern to everyone that visits it. The defense against this is to rate limit packets, and to fill in the empty spaces with garbage data. That way, nobody can tell if you're getting real data or not, because there's a continuous flow of packets between yourself and your gateway node. E: Further reading: https://tor.stackexchange.com/questions/108/does-tor-insert-random-delays-or-perform-packet-re-ordering-to-make-the-discover
It really depends on the order of the networking. You do NOT want to use TOR to access a VPN -- that defeats pretty much the entire point of the onion routing, and puts all your security eggs in the VPN provider's basket. If you use the VPN to access TOR, then it's an extra layer that may-or-may-not help. However, due to the ordering, it probably doesn't make your security any *worse*.
That one is also a bit spooky, because in some cases you don't even necessarily know if you're right. You've gotten enough evidence to get someone convicted.. but it might not actually even be true.
Restore isn't even that expensive. If you need to do a massive restore process, that's $2.5/TB, which is less than the monthly cost. Even expedited is $30/TB, less than 8 months of storage cost. Obviously you don't want to use it regularly, but a "one time in an emergency" restore process isn't going to be a major expense, compared to the overall storage costs.
Also the people. Though that depends on the business, I suppose. I could see a small shop where the "formal retention policy" was hashed out between the owner and "the tech guy" over the course of about an hour. Also, there are places with X,XXX employees, and no proper policies.. so there's that.
&gt; I mean, the individual single-particle degrees of freedom/excitations are bosons (btw, protons, neutrons and electrons are fermions, so they won't Bose-Einstein condense), so them occupying the same is not really controversial. In fact, isn't that a requirement? Pauli exclusion prevents Fermions from condensing like this, specifically *because* they can't occupy the same state?
Sudden major injuries do weird things to people. [Like this example](https://metro.co.uk/2019/02/26/man-casually-walks-hospital-cigarette-axe-back-8745058/). [Or this classic, in which a woman went shopping, not realizing that she had a knife stuck in her back](https://apnews.com/1f1dd34b0526980b2dc9aa0701309a5a).
&gt;Our bodies don't actually feel a temperature, it feels a sense of heat gain or heat loss. Amusing corollary: Our bodies don't directly sense heat gain or loss, but rather temperature. However, it's roughly set up as &lt;skin&gt; - &lt;temperature sensing nerves&gt; - &lt;fleshy bits&gt; - &lt;blood&gt;. The blood is more or less at constant temperature, which means that the temperature of the sensing nerves is directly proportional to the heat transfer through the fleshy bits separating them from the constant-temperature blood. This is also part of why there is a time lag between temperature exposure, and feeling it. If you put a thermal impulse into the outside of the skin, it takes time to travel through the skin, before reaching the nerves. (Then also time for the neural impulses to travel). This is why, when testing a surface, you want to quickly tap it, then wait a moment to see if it *was* hot -- you only find out that information significantly after you're not touching it any more.
I guess that's a sign of how good our antiretroviral drugs have gotten.
Does that apply if the union kicks them out though?
Oh, not in heat pumps. Di- (aka R152a) is pretty common in duster cans (I'm pretty sure I have one around somewhere that lists it), but not so much in heat pumps. Tetrafluoroethane (R134a) is a lot more commonly used in heat pump cycles. A lot of this is probably region-dependent as well. Butane will work quite nicely as a duster; it's just horrendously dangerous to use as a duster. It has a lower explosive limit of 1.9% in air -- emptying a normal 10oz duster can would be enough to make a 6' cube of air explosive.
Canned air? Pretty much, yeah. There is *some* subtltey here though: - CFCs: ChloroFluoroCarbons. "Freon", R-12 is the most common. Banned by Montreal Protocol (1996 / 2010) due to ozone layer destruction. - HFCs: HydroFluoroCarbons. Difluoroethane (R-142), and Tetrafluoroethane (R-134a). These are subject to various restrictions because of global warming potential (e.g. 134a is roughly 1500x more effective than CO2, by weight). - The next gen replacement appears to be Detrafluoropropene (AKA HFO-1234yf). This doesn't appear to have the ozone depletion or global warming problems... but it *does* decompose into a persistent organic pollutant. So, uh... We'll see how well that goes. Note that the inconsistency in R134a restrictions drives me insane. In many places it's restricted for use as an automotive refrigerant, because global warming. However, at *exactly the same time and place*, you can buy a 6-pack of canned air for a few dollars, expressly for the purposes of single-use spraying into the atmosphere. *awesome*. I would recommend a small compressor or blower for that use case. Pretty much endlessly usable, no associated environmental problems. Alternatively, you can get CO2 cartridge based blower. Sure, CO2 is "scary", but in the kind of amounts that would be used for spraying things out, is basically negligible.
Hmm, this is true. That one appears to be fatally toxic at 100ppm (for hours of exposure) though, which is its own set of concerns.
This is true: If you're blowing off sensitive (electronic) parts, you want to avoid blowing condensed water into them. Also worth noting that, unless the compressor is oilless, you're going to definitely want something to pull any oil out as well. Luckily, the same filters handle both.
That is... not generally how security is done. It's about security layers, and acceptable levels of risk. Any sane operator will *assume* that Windows is going to show up with another RCE bug somewhere. We work to mitigate this, by disabling everything we can; and installing firewall policies that prevent stuff that isn't whitelisted. It's why we don't save passwords in plaintext, but rather in salted hashes. We assume the risk that it might get compromised, and have another mitigation layer for that situation. In general, we don't trust much of anything. We begrudgingly accept risk from each piece of software we pick up, because we need the functionality it provides. We work to mitigate that risk as much as possible, and write off the rest.
Yeah, it's still not so bad though. Both because it's not much, and because the process (SMR) is used to produce hydrogen primarily, with CO2 as a byproduct (because of course it is). Simplified: CH4 + 2H2O &lt;-&gt; CO2 + 4H2 Incidentally, this is also why Hydrogen isn't currently a particularly environmentally fuel. While it can *technically* be made from water, it's usually made from natural gas. But yeah, since CO2 demand is a lot lower than hydrogen, they can just capture that CO2 and sell it, rather than straight venting it. So you'd be getting a "second use" out of it, which is.. something at least.
&gt; for example timing is deliberately imprecise. We wish. There was a great video I can no longer find, but as of publication time, Chrome had just given up, and Firefox was debating it. See, the timer is imprecise, with random jitter. Great. However, the new hotness requires multi-threading, with communication between threads. So you just have one thread that is "wait for signal; while(signal good) {i++};". Then in your test thread, you can trigger the relevant signal, do your test, then flip it back. Like that, you have a high resolution clock. As long as the two threads are running on different cores -- which they probably will be, and it'll be obvious if they aren't -- you get a precise measurement. It's an arbitrary one, but timing attacks only care about differences anyway. The only real way to fix that is to prevent multi-threading, or at least prevent multiple threads from accessing the same data structures or having performant communications between them. As of when I last looked, the security improvement wasn't worth the performance hit for big G.
Also worth noting: For anything involving Academia, you need to look at pipeline status. The US "Standard route" is takes roughly 20 years out of highschool -- 4 Undergrad, 6 PhD, 4 postdoc, 6 TT. And then it continues to Full Professor and above, eventually. This means that, if you're looking at tenured professors, you're looking back in time: you're looking at the state of PhD programs a decade ago, and highschool graduation rates two decades before (and every step along the way). I believe that this has been better studied in the case of gender differences, where it is sometimes referred to as the "leaky pipeline problem". If you look at straight hard-science faculty, women make a small majority, but the proximal policies generally aren't obviously a problem. Looking deeper, it appears that most of the problem comes from -- at every step starting from middle school -- girls and women saying "screw this, I'm out." and going off and doing something else. At each step it's a relatively minor effect, but compound it over decades, and you get a huge differential accumulating. Meanwhile, the time lag makes it very hard to see what's going on. If, today, we institute perfect policy that magically fixes everything... 10 years from now higher ed. will still look bad, and people will be calling for changes. Except that the changes were already made, and just haven't finished applying yet. Point is, analysis is hard.
Additionally, some level of negative behavior is to be expected out of normal humans. This means that if you set the group tolerance for bad behavior sufficiently low, you're going to catch random innocent people on a bad day. (This is one of the major problems with the current 'cancel culture' fad). So you have some level of tolerance for people acting poorly, to account for bad days, misinterpretations, and so on. Meanwhile, a malicious actor can keep their maliciousness under the threshold, and it takes time for it to appear as a pattern off behavior. Couple that with the option to be a wonderful person to most people, only abusing a few, and the difference of opinion within the group stalls any ability to take useful action.
Additionally, the number of independent dimensions of consumer choice exceed the market capacity. This set of pants is good, but it's explosive. Ohh, here are some without that issue, but it's made by enslaved children. This other set is carcinogenic, and then we have some that are actually acceptable, but the design/cut is horrible and doesn't fit me. And so on.
Your problem begins with (1). If you establish the quarters into a definite state, you lose the ability to do anything with the entanglement. The correct (still asserts hidden variables, which is wrong... but whatever) analogy would be: *You and your friend have two boxes. There are 8 quarters in each, and I set it up so that I guarantee that each pair is one heads, and one tails. I don't tell you which is heads, and which is tails, and you can't look without breaking it.* Now try to transmit anything with that.
The problem is that the coins start out randomly shuffled. So, we have two boxes. One has heads, one has tails. They are randomly shuffled, and given to your and your friend. You can look inside, and see what your friend also has. You also have the option to flip over both of them, and then look. ... That's not particularly useful to you. If your friend gets heads, he can't tell if he just got heads naturally, or if he got tails initially, but you flipped it over. (And, of course, taking a peak inside breaks the link).
It's an optimistic ELI5 approximation of the type of thing you can do by varying the type of measurement you perform (e.g. choosing the direction along which you measure spin). That said, a trivial (if unsatisfying) answer would be that, if you are going to measure spin along +z, if I measure along -z we get the same answer; if I measure along +z we get opposite answers. That is: choosing to negate your own answer.
Worth noting: IA doesn't generally *have* a license agreement to violate. Their position is that the entire question is framed wrong. There's a lot more text to it (like, a few pages), but section 108 starts with: &gt; &amp;nbsp;108. Limitations on exclusive rights: Reproduction by libraries and archives &gt;(a) Except as otherwise provided in this title and notwithstanding the provisions of section 106, it is not an infringement of copyright for a library or archives, or any of its employees acting within the scope of their employment, to reproduce no more than one copy or phonorecord of a work, except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), or to distribute such copy or phonorecord, under the conditions specified by this section, if— In other words, for various purposes and situations, libraries are exempted from the normal copyright rules. IA's point here is that *they don't need permission* to lend books. They're a library, and the entire concept that they should play nice and get publisher permission is flawed and sets a bad precedent of handing control over to said publishers. Obviously, publishers hate this... but there's some backing in law. That's why they've not sued before for the 1:1 lending system -- if they sue, and they lose, there becomes judicial precedent for IA being right about not needing permission. If they just assert that it's illegal but don't test it in court, they don't risk being shot down. They're taking a shot at it now, because the emergency "LEND ALL THE THINGS" is almost definitely not covered under S108, and they figure this is a chance to strike at the whole concept.
If it was going to be prohibited, I think the way to do it would be to say that a winning record needs to be dated after the previous time that it beats (or within like a month of it or something). That mitigates the moderation issue, by making it only an issue when it comes up. In other words, you can hoard as much as you want, but if someone else takes first, you can't reveal yours to retake the position. Hoarding would put your records at risk of being DSQ'd, if someone else makes it in before you reveal. I would argue for a grace period, to account for people taking time to compile videos or whatever; if two people are going at it simultaneously, "you were a day late" is pretty lame.
True. The goal would be to dissuade people from doing the behavior, because the community refuses to give the associated fanfare. I would suggest not lying about the official records either, for that reason. However, something like | Person | Time ---|---|---- 1 | Unlisted^(*) | 2:58.34 2 | Coolperson | 2:59.19 3 | Other Person | 2:59.78 And then in a footnote, note "XYZ person achieved this record, but is not included in the list due to violating community guidelines" or whatever. So, the history is true, but you kick the name off the table.
Basically every program uses a bunch of cpu when it starts. The only exception would be something that's waiting on disk access. Because, you know... there are a list of things to do to start the program, and the CPU will do them as fast as it can. That is, it will work at 100% (of a core) on those. Programs with less stuff to do, just load faster. They will still use 100% during that loading process.
&gt;There is a chart describing pricing and weight for non-medium weapons, so would it work to just use that chart for tools and wondrous items, or is there a better way? If you were going to resize an item, you could do that -- but it's not a trivial adjustment. The magical components should not change price, just the mundane ones... which, for Wondrous items, is free. So, a +2 medium longsword costs 8000 (+2) + 300 (masterwork) +15 (longsword) = 8315gp. A +2 large longsword costs 8000 (+2) + 300 (masterwork) + 30 (large longsword = 15\*2) = 8330gp. Honestly, I would probably mechanically ignore it, particularly because you get some fun flavor out of it. A huge giant wants to wear a WI belt sized for a medium creature? Just add an extra belt to it to make it long enough; the magic will still function fine. The traveler's any-tool is an interesting case; I would be tempted to allow it in various sizes. However, again -- the 250gp price is in the transmutation magic; the 12 inches of iron is a negligible cost. Making one out of a 5' iron bar is going to weigh a lot more, but shouldn't be appreciably more expensive: realistically a few GP would cover it. Though human smiths might have a challenging time supplying such a thing. Alternatively, [it functions like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkiPBJHoFvw), allowing the tool to unfold into a Huge shovel if desired.
Tamari. Incidentally, I think it tastes better than the more US-common wheat shoyu.
I mean, there is a reason. For competition shows, that makes it actually challenging. For "we can show you how" shows, it's usually to both make it more accessible (that is, "Food doesn't have to take two hours to make something delicious), and also fit into the television timeslot. There are exceptions though -- pretty much anything by Steven Raichlen comes to mind; he does barbecue and grilling, which means that the stuff he makes is routinely "many hours". They present it by cutting out the waiting.
The problem there is that it would make vertical runs of poles unable to distinguish what wires are on them. It would technically eliminate crossings though.
Glad you like it. Personally, I would probably restrict it to only applying to the "fake ally" case: the recipient of the "aid" voluntarily accepts it, because you have tricked them into it. It keeps that rule set relatively clean, even though it isolates it to a pretty niche situation. Then again, this is Pathfinder, where we have rules for *exactly* how much better monks are a pole vaulting compared to everyone else. That said, a somewhat different, similar "hinder" system could be interesting -- especially for an RP-heavy campaign. Most campaigns are "There are enemies --&gt; kill them all". If you are putting players in a situation where that's not an option, that's potentially interesting. Competing groups are "working together", according to *the king* (pick appropriate overlord force here), and need to maintain appearances... but are constantly working to sabotage each other on the way to their own victory. ... Actually, that would potentially be covered by the circumstances forcing everyone to "accept" help, because it will look bad if they don't.
It achieves it's goal, but the end result is that it's slow to use. We appreciate that... but for people that are used to a GUI editor (where you use the mouse cursor to navigate rapidly), or an `vim` or [inferior :) ] `emacs`, it feels like you're editing text while up to your knees in molasses. E: For me, the reason is because of my habit of using numeric multiplies on move commands. I mash `9j` or `99j` (or more 9's, as needed) to rapidly jump down through a file, rather than using page-down. Ditto to some extent horizontal. It's an idiosyncrasy at this point, but it makes arrow navigation in `nano` *feel* painful. This is despite `nano` supporting page-up/down, and control-arrow word navigation. Those require more hand gymnastics though, compared to the `vi` style. Trivial example: you've replaced some stuff, and now want to delete the rest of the line: - `vim`: `d [shift]-4` (AKA `d$`) - `emacs`: `[ctrl]-k` (Don't have emacs installed, couldn't confirm - `nano`: `[shift]-[end] [ctrl]-k`. Note that the `end` key is annoying to get to, especially if you're on a laptop or shrunk keyboard where you often have to use a function key, if you have the key at all. Interestingly, many of the things that I've looked up as potential examples, `nano` *can* do -- they're just somewhat more cumbersome, and aren't what one would expect. For example, you can use search for navigation.. which is bound to `[control]-w`.
Sure... but that's an awfully big risk. Amusingly though, we don't know that *didn't* happen. After all, Tails would have had to keep it quiet to protect the source -- so we wouldn't know.
Heh, true enough.
Alternatively, three short sides, one long one.
[It, uh... is.](https://www.collinsdictionary.com/us/dictionary/english/burst) It's possible that this is a dialect thing. &gt;language note: The form burst is used in the present tense and is the past tense and past participle. [Here's an interesting article on the suite of English irregular verbs whose present and past tenses are the same](https://jakubmarian.com/english-verbs-that-are-the-same-in-the-present-tense-and-the-past-tense/).
Relatively so. A large amount of US laws are based on private enforcement -- in other words, there isn't a governmental department that goes an independently hunts down misbehaving employers. The only people with standing to force them to follow the rules, are the people they've cheated. To encourage this, there's also often treble-damage statues. That is, if your employer cheats you out of $1000, you can hit them for $3000. This is to help make it worth your while to pursue them, and to dissuade employers from trying it in the first place. ---- This is also why injury lawsuits are so common here. If a store doesn't have a handrail on the stairs, and you fall down and break something -- you forcing them to pay a big penalty for it is the enforcement mechanism for their negligence in having a handrail. Without that, they might... eventually... fix it if some kind of inspector came around. In other words, the lawsuit both serves as a payout to you, but also protects those who come after you. It's pretty much the only weapon average people have against unmitigated corporate greed and negligence.
That is *a little* different. A set of enumerated people, can sue as a group. Alternatively, they can file separately, with a "by the way, this is related to another thing" reference to each other, which generally puts all the suits in front of the same judge, potentially at once. A class-action lawsuit is when someone (or a group) sues on behalf of a *class* of people. They don't even know who's in the class, but they can show that the company wronged a set of people based on some criteria. So you're suing on behalf of, say, "every customer between Dec 8 2017 and Jul 23 2018".
Based on most codebases I've seen, that's the label that should be applied to the best stable branches. `master` is often a pile of steaming garbage.
They're a little bit abusing DMCA here, but I approve. &gt;"iFixit is protected by Section 512 of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, which allows online platforms to host content contributed by users provided they comply with the Act’s requirements, which iFixit does," a letter to Steris from the Electronic Frontier Foundation on behalf of iFixit said. In other words: "You need to individually identify each infringing manual, and ask us to take them down, at which point we will." with an implied "... but we also won't stop people from re-up'ing them."
There's actually a relatively easy way to do it, borrowing from the masters of weird angles: jewelers. 1. Carve your round hole into a raw piece of wood, using your method of choice (router bit in a drill press?) 2. Attach a ball bearing to the end of a stick. Epoxy is probably your best bet. 3. semi-permanently attach (such as with melted wax) the wood piece onto the ball bearing. Since their sizes match extremely closely, this should be quite well centered. 4. Jerry-rig yourself a faceting machine. You need to be able to press the stick against a belt sander, and also to rotate it a precise amount. 5. cut your facets into each side 6. Glue both sides to each other, surrounding another ball bearing which will act as an alignment and centering pin. For inspiration: https://youtu.be/716zPtw0-kM?t=140
You may work in the wireless industry, but you appear to have little understanding of the details on aluminum. You are correct that it varies... but.. well, aluminum foil is opaque from about 1MHz RF to 1.5keV xray. Phones operate in a tiny fraction of the spectrum, ~300MHz to ~5GHz (with 5g adding some up to 50ish GHz). All of that is comfortably within the radioopaque range for aluminum foil; it will vary in the 80-100dB attenuation range. E: Worth noting: Aluminum foil is still worth about 40dB at 10kHz; that 1MHz line is where it *starts* to be less effective. Now, you need to actually seal it for that to apply, which is a bit more of a challenge -- but a proper burrito wrap should do just fine.
&gt; git pull trashpile garbage
An excellent question. On paper, it would seem "no". [However, there are plenty of receive-only ways of tracking position, and if the data is saved and uploaded later, you'd still get tracked](https://www.thesun.co.uk/tech/7811918/google-is-tracking-you-even-with-airplane-mode-turned-on/). I would give it a "don't risk it". E: [A source that's a bit less icky](https://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2017/12/19/gps-is-off-so-you-cant-be-tracked-right-wrong/).
Physicist errant, would probably be the best description. I haven't done much specifically myself, but I've worked with various people such that I'm familiar with using aluminum filters for xray beam hardening, and also fairly familiar with RF interactions with conductors. I totally had to look up those numbers though -- I only know enough to know what to look for.
Of all the things in this thread... This one hurt the most. Well observed.
That's really the worst part of this. In a vaguely functional society, pretty much *everyone's* finances should be improving continuously. That's just how it work. You start out as a child with nothing, and then need to get education, then work experience. For the majority of people, they end up with *some* level of raises and improved income as they get better and more experienced at what they do. Also, many people will be able to have some savings, and start getting investment income. E: This is also why estate taxes are so important. We need to continuously reset people's finances once they're done with them; letting them continue accelerating is problematic. That 75% of people say they're not better off... means that the Great American Looting has screwed people over so hard as to counteract their natural improvement.
Depends on the IFE system, but probably..ish. I know some of them already run linux. The biggest issue is processor architecture: I would be surprised if they were running x86. My guess would be some kind of ARM. ... Factorio release for ARM64 when?
And then people try to be responsible, and get redundant fiber links from different providers... but it turns out that both providers were leasing a share of the same single physical fiber from the same provider, so it was all pointless.
No, but it does reduce the conveniently abusable labor market. You have to actually be vaguely decent to your workers, when they have the option to flip you off and go home *without* starving to death in the street. E: Honestly, I would be quite curious what a livable-UBI + no minimum wage labor market would look like. You could have places hiring for like $5/hr, and trying to get people based on it being a nice place to work. Not sure how much that would happen, but it's at least theoretically feasible.
&gt; it seems counter intuitive that an impact is less likely to strip screws. You know how you're driving a screw, and it skips every now and then? That is, it's turning, all is good... but it starts twisting out, and eventually jumps over (damaging the screw and the bit)? With an impact driver, it lets off between impacts, allowing the bit to re-settle back into being properly seated after each one. Additionally, if it gets stuck, it won't just torque out and spin: it will hammer on it. Incidentally, you might want to check out fluid impact drivers. They're a lot quieter, and produce a similar effect to the mechanical hammer version.
Even for something where it's fast, there's the question of skill. It might be that you *think* something will work, but only after trying and succeeding, can you confirm that it doesn't. And that takes time, due to the failure and learning curve along the way.
For the unaware: Youtube supports `,` and `.` as backwards/forwards 1-frame when paused. This is gold when the thing you need to locate is hidden in only a few frames, and the forward/backward arrows (5s each) are way too big. (For completeness, `j`, `l` are 10s backwards/forwards, and `k` is pause)
&gt; The ward my Grandma was in had a jungle scene that hid the doors. There was a keypad to unlock (it looks like this one has one too) that was something simple like the current year, but if you didn't know that, you had to go find someone to ask. &gt; &gt; Walking past 50 seniors who all look sane and with it but knowing that none of them can answer 'what's the password to get out of here' is an odd feeling. I visited a place with a somewhat genius (and somewhat sad) reverse-RF-tagged door system. The doors were default-unlocked, all the time. However, if a tagged resident got within like 10', the door would lock. There were only a couple people that needed it, so it kept the doors from being a problem for staff and visitors, while not allowing escapes.
TBH, I don't even care, because I won't be watching it in the first place. The thumbnail you get when you hover over the position bar is plenty to find where &lt;whatever you're looking to do&gt; happens. To the left, we have "what we have already found", to the right we have "haven't gotten there yet". Binary search to find the connection between the two.
I also love the &gt;Oh, you logged into an account associated with your employer. Do you want to irrevocably grant your employer complete access to your device to do whatever they want with, and tie your account to Azure while you're at it? &gt; [YES] == &amp;nbsp; ^^[not ^^today]
Not in specific, though it does help. For any larger organization that has *some* Linux clients, you might as well pick the option that works for everyone, or you're going to get fragmentation. So, even if you're 95% windows, it's fewer headaches to pick the product that supports linux. From experience, if you *don't*, that 5% of people will use something else, which will induce their close colleagues to also use it for compatibility. So now you have like a 20/80 split between &lt;something random&gt; and &lt;what you picked&gt;. This is miserable to support. More than that though, it's an embodiment of their commitment to *Just Work* on any platform. *That* is what really got the market share. And also price.
Just saying: I know someone who spent like 5h on the floor with a broken leg after a fall before getting found. Now, you'd think "This is exactly why a service like Life Alert is so useful for old people living alone"... but she had one. It didn't get used, because she "didn't want to inconvenience anyone". (After this incident, the assistance-request button was upgraded to the version with an accelerometer, such that activation was no longer a user choice). Point is... Just because it's a request for a reasonable accommodation, doesn't mean that people will make that request.
By rough numbers from the article, order of 10fW.
Oh, wow. That's super weird then. A Brownian ratchet *should* require energy input to not spin randomly. However... I guess this doesn't? I'm half-tempted to [try to] solve Schrodinger in a sawtooth potential well and see what happens.. If it's not symmetric left/right tunneling probabilities, then we have something quite interesting.
Yeah... The outstanding question I don't see the answer to is how it's possible for EL != ER. Like.. it's rotationally symmetric. How can they be different? That's really the key to getting anything "useful" out of it. However it's possible to induce that asymmetric barrier set, can (presumably) be scaled up. Depending on the mechanism, it might be feasible to scale it to work at 300K, rather than 10K. ... Which is another interesting question. kBT at 300K is 26meV. At 15K, we're looking at 1.3mEV ... the amount of time we spend up around that 45meV range should be pretty small. Assuming that's right though, and blindly scaling it up, we'd need a potential on the order of 0.5eV to function at room temperature. This is in the "conveniently fabricated by doping silicon" range....
They still make requests for resources. It's not as heavy as what the client has to do, but it adds up. If the entire Factorio page is a couple hundred KB, a single weak machine can push that page to /many/ clients.
A separate mechanism not pictured. I couldn't find a particularly good example, but [Here's a PDF with a cutaway of a Hilti rotary hammer](https://www.hilti.co.za/medias/sys_master/hf9/hce/9143574102046.pdf?mime=application%2Fpdf) (P36, bottom left). This is unlike the OP which is a non-rotary demolition hammer. You will notice that this version has two rotary paths: the right hand side leads to a piston for the hammering motion; the left-hand side transfers rotary motion through the crown gear onto the whole shaft arrangement. E:[Here's another model (Ryobi) with a somewhat different mechanism](https://www.sgs-engineering.com/media/catalog/product/s/d/sds_2.gif). Again, note the parallel power paths for rotation and hammering.
The point is to *remove* linux advantages by matching them. They need to make sure that linux advantages don't exceed their software compatibility advantages.
Ohh.. then yeah. That's going to be very effective. Incidentally, feather wedges + shims are extraordinarily effective. I once cut a roughly 3' diameter granite rock cleanly in half with nothing more than a rotary hammer, some wedges and shims, and a 3lb sledge.
&gt; I found this post to be both interesting and well written, but it doesn't sound like there's that much drama involved. The five Reddit links represent 5100 comments of pretty decent argument... and Reddit (mostly) has restrictions on not screaming like an idiot. The ability score change there is a massive foundational change with pretty huge mechanical effects; there are a lot of people upset about that.
Hmm... if we have water in a tank, we can use a sawtooth comparator controlling a pump to make the input/output rate proportional to another quantity. Thus, one can express dx/dt = f(t). (Though with a quantization limit due to the fact that we're basically building an ADC) We can stack this to produces arbitrarily deep derivatives (although at a time lag)... Factorio will then naturally execute the time evolution of the system.
Correct. You would need to write to a space that was sufficiently large that you didn't over-run the available space and start breaking other stuff. Also, if you don't change the file information in the filesystem, it will still think that the original file is the same length, so you'll have whatever other data on the end of it. [This post](https://unix.stackexchange.com/a/161927/40954) is a bit hard to follow, but they do exactly that -- determining where something in the filesystem is on phsyical media, and then extracting it directly from there. Writing would work the same way, but with greater pain if you do it wrong.
&gt; We're currently in Phase 3 of reopening. Err... [Phase 2](https://boston.cbslocal.com/2020/06/19/massachusetts-restaurants-indoor-dining-massages-nail-salons-tattoo-parlors-reopening-charlie-baker/). Phase 3 is ETA some time in July, assuming things go well. That said, [MA has gotten test rates low, and has ramped contract tracing staff up high enough to theoretically keep it suppressed](https://covidactnow.org/us/ma/?s=53768). No idea how to deal with people from out of stat though. Perhaps they should build a wall....
&gt; If you heat water to 212F, it will boil regardless of the amount of water vapor in the air. More precisely, you need more than 1 atmosphere of water vapor in the air, in order for it to still be in equilibrium. That's not possible unless you increase the pressure. (which increases the boiling point, because that's why).
Your case is actually the case where it *doesn't* change. But yes, if you take a sample, and change the pressure of it, RH changes along with the partial pressure of water. E: From other comments, it looks like you're getting this from meteorology. That's a circumstance where it's effectively impossible to change pressure via any method other than compressing/decompressing the air -- so the exception circumstance (where, e.g. I add a whole bunch of dry nitrogen to a box) isn't going to ever come up. If you have air, and you change its pressure via a conventional method, that will change the RH -- but it's because of the water fraction's partial pressure changing, rather than the whole atmospheric pressure.
&gt; Relative Humidity is the ratio of water pressure and the equilibrium pressure Yes &gt;and thus depends on pressure. No. Equilibrium pressure is a function only of temperature; all that matters at constant temperature is partial pressure of water. If you take a given air sample with some water in it, and compress/decompress it, you change RH -- but that's because you're manipulating the PP of the water. It's a subtle difference, but if you change the overall pressure without changing water partial pressure, RH remains constant. For example, if you were to add in dry nitrogen, you could increase the pressure without affecting total water, and thus relative humidity. I guess is what you meant by the next paragraph? I've read it a couple times and am not entirely sure.
That will explain an isotropic contraction; meat generally shrinks in one dimension and thickens in another. That effect is due to the varaious proteins changing shape as it cooks. That both makes it tougher and causes the overall piece of meat to contract.
Short definition: telling others that they are not part of a group, due to not reaching certain benchmarks. ("You're not a real X, because you don't Y") Worth noting: gatekeeping is not always bad. Just... usually.
&gt; even though it tells you who [That depends on if they want to be anon or not.](https://i.imgur.com/BsgyHj7.png)
Worth noting: Gatekeeping is not *always* bad. For example, the Bar exam is a form of gatekeeping. It intentionally excludes people from the community of lawyers. Generally it's a dick move to exclude interested people from a group. However, if there is a practical effect on the group's activities, putting a minimum-competence bar in place is both sensible and necessary. That said, such a bar should be agreed as a uniform standard by the community; random members deciding to go vigilante-policing is basically universally bad.
Unfortunate counterexample: bad-faith questions. That is: when someone intentionally is asking low-effort questions just to make other people waste their time to answer them.
You can also use scaling fines... and it needs to be faster than linear. Doing it once might be worth it, but when you're paying 100x more for the 7th infraction, it's likely not. Even if it is, is it worth 1,000x for the 10th? There are a number of ways to skirt those restrictions (e.g. temporary companies that get dissolved), but when you have big infrastructure like ships... not so much.
IIRC the problem wasn't that there was no MHC (See: the above note with not being able to do that to create universal donors). It was that Tasmanian Devils are extremely genetically similar... they're effectively all compatible organ donors for each other, which means they are missing that defense. I suppose that proposes an ethically dubious but potentially effective method to treat DFTD, by to inducing mutations in offspring (in the lab), and re-populating wild populations with the MHC mutants, re-introducing genetic variability.
I think the best bet along that line would be complete MHC silencing in the donor, coupled with a last-minute delivery of the recipient's MHC complex. Of course, we're not quite there. 0. "Identify what genetic fragments are required": In progress. I'm not totally sure we've found all the pieces. 1. "Extract MHC coding from recipient": Doable. At worst, full-genome sequencing with NGS is about a 6-week turn-around. 2. "Synthesize DNA for recipient's MHC": Doable. "Delivery in as few as 4 days", which is quite impressive -- though that company only says that they can do 200kB. Human MHC is somewhere around 7 MB. But it's a set of pieces. Should be okay. 3. "Slice synthetic MHC genetics into donor organ": Uh..... good luck? We're not there yet... or even close as far as I know. We can do that with some retroviral techniques, but IIRC those are very randomly-aimed, "genetic shotgun" sort of things. We would need pretty serious precision for this, since it needs to work on most of the target cells.
The problem is that the MHC is a complex of highly polymorphic proteins. Like... just the common options get you into (many) billions of variations. It's highly probable that no two humans -- excepting identical twins, who may or may not -- share the same MHC phenotype. Sadly, mixing and matching isn't an option, unless you're prepared to do it at the genetic level.... which we don't have the tech for.
Yikes. The only people who sent problematic email from company hardware are either so stupid that they don't realize how easily they can get caught, or smart enough to actually defeat the insane amount of network auditing that's in place. The second group is... quite rare, and usually in IT.
This is also why I avoid using hard "start times". - You may arrive as soon as 3:30. - Dinner will be served at 6:00. Any choices made beyond that are their problem.
At that point the only solution is to lean all the way into it. Get an actual '80's boombox running on D batteries, and carry it on your shoulder. It still probably won't go well, but at least it would be awkward and unique, rather than just awkward and painful.
Ugh -- at that point I'd almost say it would be easier to incorporate as a 501(c)(7), and use that to manage the finances. The UK doesn't appear to have very good nonprofit incorporation tax laws though, which kinda puts a damper on that plan.
Conversely, it also paves over a myriad of problem with scaling the technology up. Everything from print times that go with r^(3) if you don't compensate by speeding up other processes, to support, stability, and rigidity problems associated with the larger equipment.
I feel like "easing them into it" would work better, and assuage any fears about not being able to get everything done or whatever. So like, technically have a 5-day workweek, but designate a "if you're done with all your stuff you can go home early" day as a sort-of 'bonus' program. Then, if they can manage to get enough done to have little to no work at all, you can bump it up to "well I guess you're so good that you don't need to come in that day if you don't want". I feel like this would be an interesting view into the psychology... For example, how many people would voluntarily come in and stay, just to hang out with their coworkers all day?
The worst part is the weird asymmetry. 1. x3 + x3 = 6, equal. 2. x4 + x1 = 5, with different gains 1. x3 + x3 = 6, equal. 2. x4 + x1 = 5, with different gains It's still like... sorta symmetric, but two of the lines will be 6dB above the rest, and the others will vary a bit as well (based on being x3 or x4 splits).
Oh, defs. The step drill just gets you a nice round hole while you tear your fingers to shreds.
*pending local wiretap consent laws.
Not an MD, but IMO a slimmed version should probably just given to everyone. It has some excellent screening potential, since the cost is so low (&lt;2 minutes, noninvasive). "Breathe in, breathe out, repeat after me: correct horse battery stapler". Beyond just normal age-related degeneration issues, younger people can sometimes have things go wrong too.
I'm pretty sure that's what a spray-tan six-pack is... but that's something people actually do.
Yeah, they claim a 10-minute elimination time. If we figure 100 sq ft per person occupancy, times 3k people, times 30' ceilings... That'd be nearly a million CFM. No way they're pushing even close to that kind of airflow.
Yep.. that'd be all about the airflow. Impose even a gentle 5mph downdraft across the entire occupied volume, and it'd be decently protective -- you could maybe infect someone within a few feet, but it wouldn't spread beyond that. ... That would just require an air handling system a few orders of magnitude larger than what is conventionally installed. It would be easier to install a cross and an alter in a Class-5 cleanroom, which even then very well might not have a high enough flow rate.
Ah, yep. that's why. I didn't think about how color requires stat'ing the contents.
True enough. Throwing those rough numbers into an online calculator suggested that I should use a 16 foot diameter duct... but also that the middle would be traveling at mach 5. I suspect that such a calculator was not equipped to size such a thing. If I limit it to a flow rate of only 1000 ft/sec (so, not supersonic but close), it suggests that we will need a 35' diameter duct. Also, there should be relatively low pressure drop across this thing, apparently.
That's a pass. If you want to dive down that rabbit hole, [3.5 has rules for "epic" skill checks](https://www.d20srd.org/srd/epic/skills.htm). Those were dropped from PF, because they're kind stupid (e.g. DC120 to balance on a cloud)... but if it's what your table needs, go for it.
Natural occurring: yes. Everywhere: not really. --- It's one of the things that results as Uranium and Thorium make their journey to Lead. Thus, Radon prevalence depends on local geology. If you have the right(e.g. granite) kind of rock, you'll get a lot (relatively). If you have something inert (e.g. limestone.. I think?), you won't get much. [Here's a nice primer pdf from USGS](https://pubs.usgs.gov/gip/7000018/report.pdf). [And here's a math of North America.](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/8e/9f/51/8e9f518c0c6d75ce5a7afd4ca78ee21b.jpg) As you can see, depending on where in Canada you are, your Radon prevalence will vary. [Incidentally, it also varies strongly across Ireland](https://naturalscience.tcd.ie/assets/images/news-listing/simplifiedradonmapIrelandJune.jpg).
It's real math, but it's also wrong. Sound is measured quite a lot differently in air compared to water. It's like saying that 200km is twice as long as 100miles. Except that, in this case, the relevant part of the units are dropped, with only dB left. dB's are some multiple of something else. It's important to know what that "something else" is, for the number to make any sense. For sound in air, it's 20µPa of air pressure. For sound in water, it's 1 µPa of water pressure. On top of that, you have some major differences in how sound travels in air vs water, due to, well, one of them is water and the other isn't. As a rough approximation, you can take SPL in water, and subtract 60 from it, to get "kinda sorta like" SPL in air. Whales are still *extremely* loud... but everyone just straight comparing the two numbers -- such as the OP -- is outright wrong.
It's an issue of coupling -- impedance mismatch. If you have a big heavy object, connecting with a lightweight object, there's not very much energy transfer. Let's zoom in a lot, and figure we have a ping-pong ball and a pool ball. If the ping pong ball hits the pool ball, it can barely move it, 'cause the pool ball is so much heavier. Conversely, if the pool ball hits the ping pong ball, it will easily move it.. but it can only make it go 2x as fast as the pool ball was going. Since the ball is so much lighter, it needs to go way faster to carry the same amount of energy. Thus, if you have sound in air, it won't transfer well to water. It takes a lot of energy to move water, and the sound mostly just bounces off. Similarly in the reverse direction. ----- Water is actually quite a good conductor of sound, but humans are not well equipped to hear it. After all, our ears are generally full of air, so that's another poor interface to cross. Added bonus fun: Because of temperature causing density differences, water can "bend" sound waves. This means that, say, a submarine could hide from sonar if it was in the right place below a sharp drop in temperature. ---- Last point: returning to the above coupling problem. The most effective way to soundproof is just to add weight. Two layers of wall board adds a lot of weight. The next upgrade from there is to make the two sides of the wall not connected, so that the sound has to do air-&gt;wall-&gt;air-&gt;wall-&gt;air, rather than just air-&gt;wall-&gt;air. Ditto why thick rugs or tapestries work well (though those can dissipate some energy inside themselves). You can actually buy what's called "mass loaded vinyl" sheet, which exists specifically to make ventilation ducts heavier, so that they don't move sound as well.
&gt; still more than enough to rupture your ear drums (150-160dB). Interesting question: Would that actually happen? Presuming your ears aren't full of water, you have an air pocket to absorb some of that energy, and a horrendously inefficient water-&gt;air interface for the sound to cross. Conversely, if your ears *were* full of water, pressure isn't the only thing required to burst an eardrum -- you also need displacement. The higher density of water, along with extremely low compressibility, seems to me that you would get an associatedly lower displacement of the eardrum -- potentially within non-damaging physiological limits.
[Doesn't even have to be that powerful. Or a laser](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free-space_optical_communication). Still travels at the speed of light though, 'cause it's made out of light.
While he's at it, could he legislate that cars should be build out of materials such that all occupants suffer no injuries after a 100mph small-overlap collision? That would do amazing things for improving safety and save tens of thousands of lives per year, along with tens of billions of dollars in healthcare expenses. It's also exactly as possible.
Oh, definitely. This is the right call; disclosure is required for a reason. I'm just saying that it's far more likely that they used the extra grant cash to get a new microscope for the lab, compared to buying themselves a car or something.
Ugh. The most horrifying part is that SK is situated so that it should be mostly-missed by the pollution coming off of China. [Except it appears that most of it is produced in a pretty terrible spot for affecting SK](http://berkeleyearth.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/Landing_China_pm25_Average_Flux.png). I wonder how much it would cost to install a country-class air purification system. It's almost definitely not doable, but by how much? A hundred miles of air purification shielding the northeastern border of the country.
Less about body parts, more about time, with a side of direction. Most of humans are actually quite durable. You hands and feet can peak enormous accelerations (I can't actually find real numbers, but figure how quickly your limb stops if you slap a wall) without minding too much. Your more squishy bits, on the other hand, not so much. How do you get as much time as possible? Spread it out over a longer distance. Instead of the roughly 2' of travel you get off of legs alone -- especially since knees get pretty bad at this below 90 degrees -- you can get roughly 4-6' of travel bringing your pieces closer to the ground, slowing down the whole time. That said, there's another really interesting feature of human physiology: we are not uniformly strong against acceleration. [Acceleration tolerance diagram](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Human_linear_acceleration_tolerance.svg). Or [Thumbnail](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/97/Human_linear_acceleration_tolerance.svg/921px-Human_linear_acceleration_tolerance.svg.png). You will notice that a normal vertical landing is the acceleration form in blue. However, the rolling process switches that to primarily being along the red direction, where we can withstand both faster acceleration onset, and also greater magnitude.
Similar story, through in my case it was only about a 4' drop. It was, however, onto brick. One of which was sticking up a bit. I ended up with a weirdly square foot "fold line" for a while, along with probably a bone bruise given that it hurt for like a month or two afterwards.
Students also may be able to get into AWS Educate. There is an Educate tier that gives you a limited non-CC-tied account with a $75 charge. You can't refill it though.. once it's gone, or the year's out, the account vaporizes.
&gt; It’s not really rich people. People are not isolating because they got to pay rent. ... &gt; **The govt** so far has not indicated they’d bail out average Americans And who is driving that policy, I wonder? It sure isn't the millions of average Americans that could really use bailing out. Perhaps it's the rich people who got the huge majority of the initial bail-out cash in round one?
That really depends on what the ARM has for virtualization instructions. Virtualization of x86 on x86 was terrible until VT-d, VT-x, and so on showed up. Without hardware support, it's pretty painful. With hardware support, it runs at basically line speed.
&gt; Speed of light in glass It's actually a bit more complex, and ironically bad for low-latency fiber. In order to keep the light in the fiber, an effect known as Total Internal Reflection is exploited. That effect only applies when going from a slower medium to a faster one -- and the strength depends on the ratio of light speeds. In other words, the core of fiber optic cables is special glass, specifically formulated to have a *low* speed of light.
The problem is that it's a race to do *something that will already happen*. If I'm buying stock from $9.95 up to $10 in NYSE, and also in CHX, someone else running ahead on their billion-dollar hardware, to perform the "service" of buying $9.95 up to $9.99, and then reselling it to me for $10... really didn't help the market. They just pulled a few pennies out of the pockets of the people I was about to buy from. The existence, wailing and gnashing of teeth, and general positive outcomes of IEX have demonstrated that the concerns of HFT don't really translate to a better market for the rest of society. I will give *some* credence to the concept that the buy-ask spread will need to be a little larger with such a lag -- but I'm pretty okay with that.
At a micro-scale, Starlink and microwave are both point-to-point, probably with a bunch of hops along the way. However, low-latency high-speed transmission and switching is pretty common at this point. (Also, if it's not that faast, you have some problematic storage needs. If you're switching a 400gbit fabric, a 1ms switching delay means that you need to store 50MB of data... and that has to be in extraordinarily fast memory. Thus, both because low latency == good, and because it's kinda harder *not* to do it, there are some pretty crazy schemes that have been thought up for how to forward packets as quickly as possible. For example, there are some pieces of hardware that will read the target address, look it up, and then start forwarding the packet to the next hop *before it's even finished arriving*.) What they mean by it not being point to point is that *as a whole system*, it's not. It's one arrangement with ~global coverage. Meanwhile, a microwave link is a single logical construction project.
Very interesting. In particular, &gt;Recommendation 1: Develop Policies and Procedures to Facilitate Sharing Cell Phone Distress Location Data with the Coast Guard Because yeah... that's important. With cell phones, the standard "At $time, the coast guard $station received a distress signal from $someone. If you received this broadcast, please report your position and how tall your antenna is" trick isn't even available.
It won't be under Olympus, but if they're selling off the camera division, presumably someone else is buying it... Not that it generally means good things, but the spun-off brand may well still exist in the space.
[Not exactly](https://www.ge.com/power/steam/steam-turbines). They just got a bit bigger, a LOT more powerful, and centralized to electric generation stations. An interesting aside: [This is a four-and-a-half story tall steam powered pump](https://waterworksmuseum.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/Rosenthal_Leavitt_high-res-1024x683.jpg). It produced about 430kW, at a 20% efficiency. For comparison, [This is a modern 500kW electric pump](https://www.inenzo.com/v41/images/scopeofequipment/voelvlei%20500kw%20low%20lift%20pumps%20installation.jpg). And [this is a 300kW modernish steam turbine](https://image.made-in-china.com/2f0j00GznfDOogvacU/Xinning-Energy-Small-Back-Pressure-Steam-Turbine-300kw.webp). It's actually pretty hard to find pictures of systems that small -- all you can find is gas turbines. Modern steam is generally stuff [like this guy](https://assets-turbomachinerymag-com.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/2020/02/Doosan-Skoda-Power_Japan-scaled.jpg)... which, despite being of vaguely similar size to the Leavitt engine above, is a 75MW turbine.
Impact factor is just "how many citations papers in this journal get (in the first year, usually)". It doesn't matter how many papers get submitted to it; it matters that people read and cite the published papers. And yes, they read and cite because the journal has a reputation... but that's also why people want to get into a journal like that: it you publish there, more people will read it, and thus probably cite it.
It's one small skiff away from being a "house boat", as well :)
The "worst" part is that, with a modicum of belief in how science works, many of those red states potentially could have nipped it in the bud and engineered reality to look like what they were claiming. In public, talk about how it's no big deal and not spreading. Meanwhile, privately, source tests and go hard in on contact tracing personnel. In large part, they have low population densities, and had lead time. Respond quickly and harshly to the cases that show up, and keep it contained. If you can do that, you can let people live their normal lives, and it might actually work out okay. But no. Do nothing, wait until it becomes a horrible wreckage. No idea what their plan is.
"Cautiously optimistic" is where I'm at. It's entirely possible that things will go poorly again -- but at least I think we're in a better position. We now have knowledge, equipment, data, and personnel. It looks like it might be enough, but of course, it's a "might". Can't know for certain, need to be cautious. Oh, and in general there's also sane leadership involved too. E: In case anyone gets the wrong idea about that last sentence: Leadership ends at the states. Now that the Feds have gotten bored and stopped stealing our stuff, we can ignore them.
I can normally come up with these excuses, but I can't actually think of a justification for that. I guess the mandate affects overall insurance prices, and ergo is interstate commerce? Except that it's mandating the individual behavior. Meh. Probably they didn't want to risk it.
And then some people like myself use a 4-tile gap, so that we can make crissycrossies fit properly. That reminds me, we still need to demand 1-square and 2-square S-curves.
How would you say it compares to fiberglass? They're pretty similar concepts.
The biggest flaw is that -- while the tendencies and effects appear to be solid -- it doesn't *have* to correspond to liberal/conservative. To answer your question: "What happens when a conservative-predisposed person ends up in a highly liberal region?" You end up with blind wokeness. The *in group* is the "tolerance for the sake of tolerance" folks, willing to blindly crush the very people they claim to be supporting. You see the signature effects where subtly and reason go out the window, and dogmatic pursuit of *what's right* dominates all.
Something you probably haven't thought of: Unless you just mix everything up, you don't have an acceptable way to have materials move between train cars, further than bridging the gap between two adjacent cars. In other words, even worse than normal belt route planning, you want your materials to travel as little as possible. You can make some or all of your factories be "hop" factories, taking from car N, and depositing into car N+1. Alignment would be tricky, but one could use Ouroboros alignment to have a section where materials are transferred between regions of the train. ... Also, because you get 1-2 factories on the alignment point, you would probably want to design the factory in repeated segments. So, the same thing happens multiple times in a row. However, within a repeat, you do multiple different things, one at each train intersection. If absolutely necessary, a loop-back process could potentially allow a factory to access disjoint parts of the train at once... but again, you would want to avoid this. Path optimization is really the ideal solution here.
Algae are generally single-cellular, but they're eukaryotic not prokaryotic. Bacteria are entirely different.
So yes but also no. Blue/green algae... aren't algae (per the normal scientific discription). Algae are eukaryotes, and are photosynthetic based on having chloroplasts. Blue/green algae are cyanobacteria, and entirely different.
They're only using e. coli as a model organism. The point isn't to make a practical tool with this -- the point is that they've successfully transplanted all the molecular machinery necessary to perform photosynthesis, into another species. The question then being where *else* we could usefully put that stuff.
Calling about an issue, and using email as a way to attach hardcopy documentation rather than trying to describe an error message over the phone? Acceptable. Emailing about an issue, and then using the phone to harass the people working on it? Not Acceptable.
It saves my time typing it out. It saves their time reading something that's no longer relevant by the time they get there. And, if you're going to say "but that's not much time", realize that you're arguing that wanting a *three letter* response back is too much to ask for.
Ah, yes. The metric tensor describing spacetime is not actually four-dimensional, but five-dimensional. Three spatial dimensions, one time dimension, one food dimension. I'm sure the details are in one of the String Theory derivations somewhere.
Yeah, no -- not in the slightest. I'm just sick and tired of people snarkily linking to that stupid post, without ever considering that other groups *may have different circumstances, preferences, and norms*. It's a pretty arbitrary decision of personal preference, paraded about as if it's the end-all-be-all of interpersonal communication. In reality, it depends on what position instant messages occupy in your organization. If they're being used in place of email then yes -- message content should be pushed asynchronously. If they're being used in place a phone, then you need to establish that both parties are connected. The argument is basically identical to saying that UDP is the only good network protocol, and that TCP is wasteful trash only used by terrible people. Except.. no... both of them have circumstances in which they are useful or not.
That's more of a millenial-aged thing, although most have grown out of it. The slang has changed. *cue Simpsons "It" clip*.
