this thread is really out of step with the supposed forest culture. at any given time there are at least 3 other options for music. you may not like someone but thousands of other people in attendance will be counting down till that performance. why be like that?
could you link to the post in question? last video i can see from his posts was from 11/10
good life lines are always shorter, so yeah. *a lot* of people didn't even make it back in for her set.
wouldn't worry about a presale for gillette
this is what dead &amp; co is fwiw. i know people *want* this to be the dead but the dead wouldn't have done paid instagram ads with "influencers" pretending to like a show to boost attendance.
looks like rain from 9/3/77
caveat: as long as it didn't hurt other people it's tough to apply that wholesale to speech/discussion topics
non-service dogs don't belong at concerts. if you love your pooch you won't subject her to the sensory overload &amp; spunions.
10/31/94 12/31/95
poke around on etsy
lemme give you all a little tip because i love you go see ghost light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOomB1U-HL8
the vibes definitely felt forced to me the past couple of years. like people were trying to live up to something that wasn't authentic or natural. overcompensating or something.
i don't understand your point forest is not a society, it's a vacation
ivy lab does some neurofunk
just keep listening to the music
sts9 won't be added
(cause they're already on there)
not watching so can someone tell me was this preceded by the davies/eriksen corner routine?
put that defending on a milk carton
r/soccer is slow on the goal videos. i need them
different strokes for different folks. jauz isn't for me and i'm sure there's things i like that you don't. as long as we aren't trashing each other it's all good.
yes i am whoops
ghost light, folks. i cannot stress enough how good they are.
&gt; I can’t help but notice the handwriting skills. Is this the world we live in? Although it shouldn’t have any bearing on your success as a musician, something has me concerned. why
truckin', scarlet begonias, franklin's tower or eyes of the world wouldn't pick anything over 6 minutes to be honest
bird song, eyes of the world or franklin's tower
i was referring to studio versions
it was at bassnectar. even all the way in the back
arsenal is full of wooks, amazing
that's be a really uncool move to trademark that imo
veneta is my favorite dead show and i've never seen any of sunshine daydream other than bird song, well after i'd heard the show a handful of times
hazard to atletico
lawn, go for the atmosphere &amp; friends
chomper alert
can't spell mvps without psv
piers morgan is so bad he once made alex jones look good
2/21/95 visions of johanna is beautiful and haunting with the knowledge that jerry would be gone a few months later 9/25/91 help on the way is really cool if you're fine with lyric flubs. great rendition of roses from that show too, my favorite.
they've played it once. how about a little patience before writing it off, no pun intended.
i suppose that would give them claim to the most concerts verifiable-ly attended, assuming they weren't collected from others
that travel on the east coast doesn't make a whole lot of sense. what about the fenway shows?
helpful
the best eyes ever
appearances
never say never
it's a real shame they gave up viola lee blues in '70 really love 10/22/67
american beauty. whole album.
cool as you like both goals started with gazza
this isn't what op is looking for but this mashup is ridiculous https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phPGSsbA-08
yep you got it. i got no issues with you saying speakerbox goes harder - your opinion - but i had to say hold up when you said it was "like a million times" more heavy - ain't that much of a gap (fwiw i only said the drop was hard af though). like u/basiljohnson said, immigraniada is one of those tracks that reeeeeally clicks when you hear it on a proper system. you're all good homie. ain't nothing wrong with respectful disagreement. we're all fans. i got speakerbox at my first nectar set and it was ferocious.
oh word
prague ghost is dope but the piper that follows is the truth my favorite bag is from that show too
pledging allegiance to the poch
&gt; the only thing I've won is a quiz in school. That too 3rd place. flair checks out
please excuse me and the high horse i'm sitting on but the obsession with mayer &amp; dosing is ridiculous. i've met plenty of people that got "it" without doing that, and loads of people that still don't get "it" despite usage. doesn't matter &amp; it's no one's biz. not directing this solely at you, op.
and then consider where spurs rank among ALL clubs in the world. spurs aren't a small club folks
insane mike's groove featuring super annoying trey
nitpicking but i think you mean robert hunter lyric. anywho, poised for flight/wings spread bright/spring from night/into the sun
agreed. bring back moyes.
it's ok to like both
bobby in machine elf form
not a fan of sunsets? they're probably trying to help out people leaving early the following day
loose lucy had a long drought
agreed. i'd be surprised if there were 200 ticketless last night
i disagree with your first sentence and as for your second - he's asked to do so much that yes his form dips but it's because he's gassed.
i like spaff but they have a longgggggg way to go before they're up for discussion as being successors to the dead, especially when it comes to song writing. the timeline is dead -&gt; phish -&gt; ? as to who takes the torch from phish, i don't know. and you don't either, no one is gaining the momentum that the dead/phish had.
i think jamming is spafford's best trait but if they're going to ascend to the next level, they need to offer more than "wait till it gets to the jam." on another note, liking spafford but not phish is interesting since the former is so heavily influenced by the latter (esp. the cow funk years of 97-98). but like you said, it's a matter of opinions. i'm looking forward to seeing spaff at bisco next month. bummed their phish afterparty shows sold out so quickly cause i would've tried to hit one.
yeah i find the composed part to be pretty boring but certainly it's a killer jam vehicle
sorry, the author was a kenny chesney fan chasing dark star in your view?
nope. 3 night run at the nh bank pavillion would've been the best call
did you try cash or trade?
he's the jan replacement. sanchez is the toby replacement.
it's the champions league final. the participants SHOULD wear their colors
i feel like i'm tossing a grenade with this one but... phish was far superior when it came to jamming. man-for-man they were better at playing their instruments and that showed in the jams where each member could shine.
you should hear him sing bird song
yeah i've seen that doc before. would love to see how the little kids turned out. i don't see it getting to that point with d&amp;c. for starters, they're not even selling out sheds, never mind football stadiums. the lots are far from overflowing. second, they don't have much gas left in the tank and generally speaking fans are much older than they were in the 90s. it's a more chill vibe. third, sports nights/publishing deals/merch in big box retailers is not going to attract a crowd of degenerates. if anything it would tremendously soften the crowd's edge. i don't understand how you can say "it feels like we learned nothing, and are rapidly heading for the same fate." *what* has happened at a d&amp;c show to support that theory? if you want to talk about a scene that's full of degenerates and growing to the point of eating itself alive, there's bassnectar. *that* is the scene that young people are flocking to just to party.
nope but gorge is on my to-do list but red rocks is still at the top of spots to hit
outta the loop but could this possibly be a collab for an upcoming nectar ep (eg reflection)
so jrad &amp; comapany feat. trey? can't for the life of me understand why you would have trey anastasio in a band and ask him to play second fiddle...but i'm also this guy: https://www.reddit.com/r/gratefuldead/comments/bwktax/whats_you_unpopular_opinion_on_the_dead/epyuq5m/?context=3
what's donna up to?
mindset, not political affiliation
it won't be phil
BIRD SONG
let me guess you have chicago tickets?
i don't disagree
that's dead &amp; company. i was referring to the grateful dead.
11/7/69; starting at china cat sunflower
irresponsibly-misleading headline
the club formerly owned by gareth bale in 2010 rip maicon
listening now - good tip
huh? talking about bale skinning maicon in champions league, nothing more
4/1/88 so good
2/13/70 lovelight
april 99 in sf with trey &amp; page absolutely rip. i think they're on archive mega viola lee blues in that run
i'd hope this is obvious but he only does it when the team is struggling and it becomes necessary to have that kind of additional support in the midfield. i would imagine that would color your view of how good spurs look when he does that.
spurs do need a rb
what era of dead do you like best, let's work off of that (below are my opinions) 76-78 dead :: 97-98 phish 89-90, 68-72 dead :: 93-95, 03-04 phish 73-74 dead :: 99-00, 17-18 phish 79-81 dead :: 10 phish
6/14/00 - for 74 dead 12/31/95 - for 72 dead 11/22/97 - for 77 dead
getting flood on the floor makes this 1000% necessary
paulinho went on to play for barcelona. so, there.
&gt; eriksen will go for something in the region of £80-£100mil i'm sure but sadly that isn't a huge fee nowadays it most certainly is. only top tier players command that sort of fee
those are we-don't-want-to-sell-so-if you-want-this-player-you're-gonna-overpay prices. 8 players EVER have been sold for 80m pounds
at least your car isn't an advertisement &amp; it's pure love we all love art but this is a vehicle (no pun intended) to sell tickets &amp; make money
i'm also here for the grateful dead, not dead &amp; company, but it's really easy to just not open those threads. yes, it's a little more clicking but what happened to "just gotta poke around"
r/coys welcomes u/gareth_bale
isn't there a kid on the dozin at the knick album cover wearing patchwork pants? early 90s phish wasn't really where the wooks were
and better mobility than fdr
i still see those at shows
were they white though?
these aren't my recommendations fwiw, these are players i've seen linked to spurs (possibly very loosely linked) or ones spurs have scouted - but point being they're not just names i threw out didn't realize tielemans was only on loan at leicester. i think that makes him a more plausible target.
possibly...if it's 3/3/68
pizza &amp; the dead - name a more iconic duo
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-UySMMdp-veQ/T4435QCTo8I/AAAAAAAADko/g5P4Kl8GBRY/s1600/gd65-05-05.handbill.jpg
this honestly looks like europe 72 art look at the artwork for 5/18/72 &amp; 4/17/72 and tell me i'm wrong
they call him deep pockets pochettino 'round here
10 years ago the club record transfer fee was 16.5m for modric &amp; bent (each). it's been a journey. [yes i know fees have risen across the board in that time]
wanyama to serie a
why not? depth was already an area requiring focus and would be more so if lamela is sold. the attacking options off the bench were downright dreadful at the tail end of the season.
well first of all through poch all things are possible so jot that down
ain't no time to hate https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1VvopWKEZI
it's not even certain they'd spend the money it'd take for a starter, tbh. you're not wrong, but players do move with the understanding they're going to be a rotational option. he's 19 so it's not out of the question. but again, just speculating.
i don't mean to call your integrity into question but this just sounds ridiculously far-fetched. not just the gate keeping but doing so over miles davis, a musician that was notably revered by the dead. did you seek out law enforcement? http://cryptdev.blogspot.com/2011/06/miles-davis-and-dead-41070.html
i think it was a general question not necessarily directed at you op i too like great fish - sharin' in the groove
he's more like vertonghen stylistically - they're both so comfortable with the ball at their feet playing it out of the back. foyth is really not the passer alderweireld is and i don't think he ever will be.
doesn't know how to wear a fanny pack
&gt; It’s unlikely that's all you needed to say. 5-10 years from now, maybe drake will do festivals. jay z is a billionaire so it ain't happening.
definitely good enough to be a squad player
yes it's 1000% worth it
yep same. and durability.
probably not. there's no equal to jerry and i hope that's not a ~controversial opinion~
bro, the movie's back on
congrats my dude! ngl, this is oddly reminiscent of the dozin' at the knick album art...with one key distinction, of course
yes don't overthink it
i've seen links to napoli's diawara, but i guess it's a question of how reliable they are
the ajax keeper was booked for time wasting in the second leg of the champions league semi final
he should've thought of that before he chose to join the scum
do us a solid and link spurs to players that rival clubs are pursuing to jack up the prices
&gt; On the island tour, wore that pepe le pew t-shirt several nights in a row. so...4?
young for serie a
user name definitely checks out
ghost light
i'm struggling to think of a similar symbolic reinforcement of a player's importance in american sports (other than being captain)
&gt; Not sure they'll ever play for less than 10k people though. playing in the sand runs were under 10k shows. make it a destination event somehow.
biggest factor for me is energy, then tightness, then set list
china cat sunflower sugar magnolia truckin' help on the way / slipknot! / franklin's tower
10 minutes is pretty consistent with the length of drums from grateful dead shows
sorry to disappoint you? i went through all of the released shows and the vast majority of drums were under 10 minutes. were there exceptions? absolutely. but a 10 minute drums is really not unusual. if op is saying drums / space is 10 minutes combined then yeah that's a different matter.
there was no mention of space in the post so i assume op just meant drums. like i said before, 10 minutes for drums &amp; space is a different matter
*alternate table african cup winners
that lennon - modric - vdv - sandro - bale midfield was special (while it lasted)
no, i'm mostly referring to 2010-2011. you're right that sandro wasn't a permanent fixture in the lineup hence the caveat
played the theater in tinley park. brent's last show was there.
i'm going to have to echo u/benkauf711 - who's complaining? spurs haven't signed anyone in ages so we're hardly in a position to be choosy. i really no nothing about him so i don't have any strong feelings.
has john mayer ever played with phil?
just because it was billed as the grateful dead doesn't mean it was the grateful dead.
the only non-bay area new years show was in boston 12/31/69
they were at mansfield last year
i think the chatter you heard was in your own head
why? not every signing is meant to immediately impact the first xi
i think it's a reference to a backroom cards game-like situation. the narrator is going all in because they've had themselves a night. this tracks with the mention of money (either gained or lost) in the line that follows.
4, 36, 8, 18 &amp; 16 are my top five. in that order.
drums / space
i agree it is too high
nettipot &amp; mucinex
is this trolling?
kane's injury resulted in him playing more centrally
agreed
desperately need someone like him currently
not sure about lamela, but it's a complicated topic. i genuinely like him but i'm not sure he ever lived up to the anticipation that surrounded his (at the time) club record transfer.
clearly not! but it's nice that you picked up a little factoid along the way.
no. not the case. yes, last year they made the champions league final with him sidelined, but that was paired with a relegation-level performance in the league and son playing out of his mind.
laughable
the article is about his declining shot generation
there was genuine belief that the bale transfer meant that a demigod's departure would give rise to a stronger, more balanced squad. i had high hopes for soldado, lamela, eriksen and paulinho.
&gt; This bloke made the mistake of not taking into account that Kane is an exceptional finisher, who will always score more than xG would suggest. really? did you stop after the first paragraph? &gt; However, Kane has managed to maintain his elite finishing ability. Over his career, he has outperformed his non-penalty expected goals by around 20%. When he kicks the ball, he still hits it hard and to the right places.
oteil has the best voice in d&amp;c. he should be singing jerry tunes.
they've only had like 3 or 4 summer tours anyway. "always" is doing a bit of heavy lifting
it's bizarre to me that this question ONLY ever gets asked in the context of mexicali blues
barlow wrote the words
of course, it's only a game. i don't let it bother me in my life, but in the context of spurs' future chances, it's concerning.
not always - govt mule closed out 2018 but lesh was the first headliner listed
if we do it probably means no fest
&gt; 6/12/19 ah ok. also a wednesday. probably a factor in attendance - fwiw.
this only shows your ignorance
unless you're on tinder, you're doing just fine at 5'10''
&gt; He is still probably in the top3 spurs keepers this decade spurs have only had 5 keepers play real minutes for them during that time. lloris, vorm and friedel were/are definitely ahead of him. it's been years since gomes was at spurs, so i could see gazza being 4th, but he's likely the 5th best out of 5.
it was a record for fullback iirc
&gt; Not sure what you mean by “rootsy,” americana / bakersfield country
and for how much more expensive he'd be
isn't it usually labor day weekend? phish is rumored for ac 8/14-16 so i'd take that weekend out of contention
uncle john's band from 11/8/69
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4XQD-MDI64 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=al7s3m-sbns https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJobd-Z-zOc
they love each other from 11/21/73
in that same interview he mentioned that he relapsed once or twice before kicking the habit my pet theory is that this period of his life is immortalized in the lyrics to blaze on: so why not be like me / be proud of all your crimes / **cause when i screw up once / i do it two more times**
what can i say, i'm a purist when it comes to set lists
hole in the shoe gives it away that this is a nod to europe '72 and not just crumb
he and i are pretty much on the same page with our phish to dead ratio
buy. a. defensive. midfielder. please. dear. god. please.
honest question: what clubs are currently great and not a "tourist attraction" you can't be a top club in a city like london and not attract tourists in the 21st century
that's unfair dier has also destroyed my theory that playing alongside n'dombele would recapture his form from 3 years ago
picked up an injury against southampton
i also use sonos. if i'm unsure of what i'm looking for i look it up elsewhere and then search on sonos to pull it up.
it will likely be aurier - sanchez - toby - jan i'd prefer not to play paceless fullbacks against liverpool but i also advocated against starting trippier in the champions league final last year (which was vindicated less than 5 minutes after kick off).
hording players the way the club has over the last few years (ie poch's regime) gives them little opportunity for development. he'll get experience at another club - something spurs will not offer him at this time.
and not good enough for them. he's done well at wolves thus far, but that's half a season - not to mention he's not playing rb
spurs are like the 10th wealthiest club in the world
the bonuses brought the figure up to 30m
how many red card waiting to happen players can spurs field at one time
just to be clear, the author is saying that at the reported price, spurs should be interested. berge was previously, but not currently, linked. it's not a report so no need to worry about a tier. i used rumor for lack of a better alternative. it's "transfer discussion" really.
look at how inexpensive the team was to assemble
those two have been sorely missed
it's truly maddening how many positions currently require reinforcements...nearly half of the outfield players
even with the maybes it still keeps phish on pace for a 40 show year (including mexico &amp; yemsg) if there's no fall tour
peter gabriel
i'd agree with that - especially given the lack of northeast dates circulating the rumor mill.
vvd gets a red in the first 5 minutes
dm
this is ridiculous. someone can't write a book on the civil war cause they didn't fight at gettysburg?
by being myself empathy, authenticity &amp; openness is all you need
fwiw the popular songs don't always equal the most played. studio version of sugar mag has millions more streams than studio althea, which is listed as one of the most popular, for instance. not sure how they compile popular...it might be most played in the last week/month or something like that.
awb is younger than kwp and has 3x the number of appearances loan out your youth
island tour, it festival or philly 97
dicks 4 aka the best one
&gt; Jose asked Utd to buy Fred and Sanchez just to get them away from City. a lot different than making that request to daniel levy
aurier &amp; trippier played. also significant differences in the lineups that factored into the scoreline more than you're remembering. https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/41625743
stop trying to make 4.0 happen 4.0 doesn't happen without phish staying home and not playing shows
who knows? at least chadli was good business - sold him for more than he was purchased for
no doubt. soldado &amp; paulinho were two of the worst transfers of the last decade.
the epitome of "unplayable on his day"
amazing venue btw
interestingly, the best version of both (or all 3 if we're getting technical)
iirc poch said he could make dier a great cb, but i don't recall dier mentioning preference in position
loan him out and let him get minutes elsewhere
by taking the second choice?
every song from this show is a top 5 version for me
no chance. there's not a whole lot of setlist rotation with d&amp;c shows. i also think people would be disappointed with that array of song selections.
i think this response will rub some people the wrong way but imagine if you disregarded every facet of your life (e.g. responsibilities, relationships) and spent that time/energy on music instead. that's jerry.
1. adventure - traveling america on your own terms and off the radar of "society" 2. surprises - bust outs, incredible improv 3. payoffs - working the lot to find a ticket and then seeing an incredible show, hearing that song you've been chasing 4. community
i like your optimism
did you learn nothing from our "special partnership" with real?
haha true. i was thinking of mike's demeanor / cactus color scheme. i chose cookie monster due to fishman's past proclivity to eat a bunch of..."cookies" (exhibit a: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvk15Ha6E-Y)
right. his personal behavior doesn't cancel out the brilliance of his music and vice versa. humans are complicated and your heroes aren't perfect.
veneta
&gt; If the line-up really was "locked", they'd release it. not necessarily. festivals tend to schedule lineup announcements around one another so they're not sharing the spotlight during what's likely their biggest pre-festival promotional moment. that being said, festivals 100% also leak acts to divert attention from other fests.
i've seen him 4x and think i've heard it in at least 3 of his sets. he plays it a lot. still awesome and i love the mashup with bounce back.
i just want to say mea culpa on this https://www.reddit.com/r/gratefuldead/comments/emsolk/new_orleans_jazz_fest_appearance/fdqotsl/
on a related note: 11/15/71 dark star &gt; el paso &gt; dark star
and they got players. that's not a partnership that's just regular ol' transfer business.
do not name your child bertha. for the love of god.
two things 1. my point wasn't that they sold to arsenal and not spurs, but that they strengthened a rival 2. recency bias. ozil won trophies his first two years at arsenal and helped them finish ahead of spurs for the first three years he was there. yeah things obviously fell apart between player &amp; club, but he was an important player for them for years.
is there any reason why you can't just wait for the lineup? i'll accept the impending down votes but calling this company for a lineup is juvenile. patience is a virtue.
this year being a rare instance?
anecdotally i know there are a lot of people that pick and choose between these two festivals. people have a finite amount of money they can spend for festivals. they cater to the same sort of audiences, both in terms of musical variety and geography.
i'm surprised teemu selanne never won
i think you missed that rage against the machine is the third headliner
*teemu selanne's first year
gotcha. it's not really a matter of opinion, however.
i'm sorry you're not looking forward to rage. consider getting two one day passes to save money.
let me clarify: i thought teemu selanne's first year in the nhl - the best rookie season in the history of the sport - would have earned him finnish male athlete of the year in '93.
bb king
why get your hopes up because someone makes something up solely because they want it to happen and have no info to back it up
ah okay thank you for clarifying
i would love to see against me at boston calling
i've seen them at both rock clubs &amp; festivals and there's no dropoff in performance quality. some acts suffer based on environment/crowd, but they just straight up kill it
i am an american who would benefit by the match's proximity and i really don't want this to happen
i was at that show (so, attendance bias), but i thought the 2nd set was good. in addition to tube, everything's right and mercury are worth checking out.
no thanks it would be played solely by cover bands - which already exists in a variety of different formats - and would be a money grab
if you bought your ticket before the lineup dropped you're telling the festival you trust them to put on a good show. and if that's the case, what's the rush?
admittedly the "paying customers" bit rubbed me the wrong way but if it's just a way to kill the time then carry on.
nothing about that comment was negative toward d&amp;c
it's all good, no harm intended.
i'm glad your dad enjoys it
agreed. watford were better than spurs in all aspects of the match, just didn't have the quality to finish chances
phish takes music seriously but not themselves. the "heart" is in the playing and the emotional response it provokes. i love the dead and i love phish. they both take to places no other music can, but they do it differently. if you're interested i'm happy to give you a few recommendations.
son was in white hot form while kane was out. people forget how insane he was playing.
the amount of posts on this each time it happens (not yours op, yours is more general) is absurd. more annoying than when the john mayer setlists were being posted here.
he's club captain, a world cup champion and unquestionably better than gazzaniga. it's not harsh, it's just football.
how familiar are you with jerry garcia band?
i would argue there's no depth at any position other than attacking midfielder &amp; maybe center back.
sorry - misread your comment. the overrated part stems from people not acknowledging that he's not as good as he was a couple of years ago (despite kane being on pace for his lowest goals to game ratio since becoming a starter).
this performance is, in my opinion, one of the five or so best things the dead did over their 30 year career. and i'm not even that high on cornell as a show.
not to mention the intro they added and then, later, the dramatic drumming that was incorporated
maybe not the reporters but the columnists / ed board members are
it's really easy to ignore dead &amp; company if you don't like them
live / dead
do you think gatekeeping is something that should be associated with the grateful dead? isn't it about appreciating the music?
some people say he's underrated while others think he's overrated
just don't click on a d&amp;c thread? just don't engage in a comment chain about d&amp;c? i do it every day.
no, it means he's a divisive topic
lloris sissoko - toby - sanchez - davies glc - n'dombele lamela - dele - son kane
it'd be cool to get three points out of this match - but that's just my opinion
what kind of dog do you have? ours is very similar looking (different coloring) but she's a rescue so we don't have a ton of info her background
we were told our dog was that mix too, but we started suspecting she might be italian greyhound rather than dachshund because of her body shape. she definitely has a chihuahua's personality.
phil lesh's almost dead &amp; company
nice stat but it's been almost a month since spurs have scored AT ALL in a premier league match
i watched this 5x, still can't figure out if dele did that intentionally
&gt; He is clearly not a fullback, lacks that defensive quality and awareness he's also 19 and has made like 10 appearances for spurs
he played on a terrible team. i would agree that he was not impressive then but it's premature to write him off at this stage.
&gt; And Denmark itself isn't something to break a leg over (no offence). presumably you're not danish
i'm aware. but if you're looking at a particular run and that particular run doesn't pan out, doesn't help you that the rest of them were right. that's all i'm saying.
seriously. this is the number one area that needs immediate attention in the transfer market.
instagram suggestion: https://twitter.com/brandonwenerd/status/1017124164925210624
&gt; Throughout that entire time Democrats were trying to "reach across the aisle" and reach compromises with demons who never intended to make any compromises. i think the west wing brainwashed a lot of liberals into thinking that's how politics work. obviously that's only recently, though.
a welcomed development but i continue to be concerned by the lack of links to defensive midfielders.
son would play on the right and lucas would be dropped if bergwijn comes
eriksen
&gt; and by all accounts it's not an issue in their family this is just patently false https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liz_Cheney#Personal_life
&gt;looking for the “k”... found the wook
one of the few renditions of second that emotion by the grateful dead
i do like her and i was actually looking forward to seeing her perform. i'd be willing to give her another chance (but i'm not going friday)
why were you watching mjk when there were massive screens with alex grey visuals
great track. does not get enough love on this subreddit.
great track. does not get enough love on this subreddit.
&gt; he has 5 league goals in 3 years at Chelsea. roughly 1600 minutes. he also has 5 assists in that time. would you take a return of 5 goals &amp; 5 assists in 17 matches?
none of them are exclusively left wingers and neither is son
not much. none of them are big names. also you don't have to be "grateful." it's a business and you're the customer. if you're not satisfied don't give them your money.
fwiw, if they were trying to please the electronic music crowd, these djs would not cut it.
&gt; And the headliners aren't that similar at all Foo Fighters have nothing in common with the other two bands they get played on alt-rock radio stations. i agree they're not exactly the same, but they're more similar than they are different.
i think we got signals crossed. i'm saying you have a right to be dissatisfied and shouldn't cede that to appear grateful.
at least giroud would provide an outlet
try winterland 77, i think it's 12/29
not at the reported price. would rather spend that on a destroyer.
check the number of minutes - few starts in that time. also, add in assists.
they can't lower the prices
i would support this. could be a decent false 9.
the one tune i would've loved to hear pig sing is loose lucy
bobby can sing bobby tunes john can sing pig tunes oteil can sing jerry tunes everyone can agree on this
not everyone is about the tour life. doesn't impact one's enjoyment of the music.
no and no (for spurs) for luton town, he can probably be a serviceable cb
attacking midfielders - check box to box midfielders - check deep lying playmakers - check destroyers - ...bueller...bueller...bueller
i agree with you, but i've said spurs need a cdm and people on the board have brought up winks so i'm just being specific with what i'm asking for: someone who can tackle, intercept, track runners and break up play.
that is certainly what the shirt says
i respect you in so far as i responded to your comment point-by-point. you replied directly to my comment so i responded in kind. i don't know you and don't catalog anyone's opinions. if you want to claim a victory on peh and/or doucoure, be my guest. as i said before, my hesitation with pursuing a striker is rooted in the names spurs have been linked with. i would be on board with someone like alcacer (moving for a reasonable ~25m).
just to be clear, this all started with a hypothetical situation where mourinho puts out a back 5 with sess at lwb: https://www.reddit.com/r/coys/comments/ewc6o2/no_proper_lb_but_davies/fg0zlz8/ so while davies would be the "third cb" in the lopsided back 4 mourinho has introduced, he would not be the third cb in a back 5.
i agree that spurs can/should do better, but he absolutely would improve the status quo
it's almost 290k per week, kane's on 200k (not accounting for incentives)
this mantra allows colorado big game trophy wook hunters to prosper
jesse jackson?
&gt; i know drugs are often associated with the dead, but id like to think given the fact that heroin took Jerry from us so damn early that maybe people here would be a bit more...i dont know. Whatever. color me disillusioned. i have no idea what you're going for here
best one and 100% real https://www.sfexaminer.com/news/sf-police-might-be-sitting-on-a-briefcase-full-of-unknown-jerry-garcia-songs/
kid's got talent keep nurturing that creative side
misfits are kind of like the dead of the punk scene in that everyone covers them. one of my old venues (shouts out welfare records) taped a sign behind the stages that read NO MORE MISFITS COVERS having grown up listening to hardcore punk i have to disagree with the premise. there's a bit of overlap (e.g., diy) but it's limited, particularly when you consider the music itself. punk was a direct response to the dead and their movement. it's hard for me to say they're part of the thing that was a response to them, ya know?
&gt; I didn't even know about the dead until about three years ago, and I feel I've finally found what I was searching for as a kid. you're not alone there. my best deadhead friend followed a similar path as you &amp; i. &gt; A big part of the title is the whole "Punk's Not Dead" line. Too good of a play on words to pass up! yep, i was picking up what you were putting down, just engaging in discussion...it's something i've thought about quite a bit
you have the floor - convince me
lloris aurier - toby - sanchez - davies sissoko - glc - ndombele son - kane - bergwijn pains me to drop dele but the midfield needs someone with a different skillset...i don't think sissoko is the answer long term, but he's the best option at this time.
not familiar with his youth career but thank you for the info
this is his season in a nutshell https://twitter.com/dustingm/status/1225163544674652161
a journalist's beat is the topic they cover. if you look at a journalist's bio and it says "state house reporter," they cover state politics. but it could be ANYTHING - food, the st. louis cardinals, space, travel, infectious disease. the beat is just an industry term for area of focus.
right. glc/ndombele/bergwijn should, in theory, handle the creative duties &amp; obviously son/kane are good for goals. putting a dedicated ball winner next to ndombele/glc balances out the midfield. i do think dele should rotate with both glc &amp; ndombele, so i'm not ignoring his (obvious) quality.
midfield needs more steel than dele/glc/ndombele
small wheel turn by the fire and rod / big wheel turn by the grace of god think about it.
ok. https://amp.thenational.ae/image/policy:1.195787:1499309713/image/jpeg.jpg?f=16x9&amp;w=1200&amp;$p$f$w=dfa40e8
also from that very interview &gt; What are your feelings about those social and political values? Why haven’t they held up? &gt;I don’t think they ever represented any kind of majority thrust on any level. America is still mostly xenophobic and racist. That’s the nature of America, I think. The big America. It was never apparent to me in the Sixties that there had been any kind of huge, important victory. There has been some change. It’s tremendously diluted, but if you go looking for it, it’s there.
you're moving the goal posts the grateful dead were apolitical because they weren't overtly political all of the time? surely you understand you're not convincing anyone with this line of thinking.
love that shirt wave that flag
also, their definition of racism is narrowly constructed - slavery, lynchings (but only hangings if you're rand paul), segregation (i.e., "no blacks allowed" because redlining is too subtle). like, their baseline for racism is the klan.
spurs peaked in the '16-'17 season. since then there has been insufficient investment in the team and the starting xi has really declined. no replacement has matched the quality of their predecessor and those still here have lost at least some of their quality with the exception of son.
his name is moussa sissoko
half of defoe's goals against wigan came in one match. scored 5 in a 9-1 win (in 09, i believe).
it's on my shortlist, for sure. it's perfect.
there are a lot of jazz ties with the dead mickey &amp; billy met at a count basie concert. miles davis opened for the dead (black beauty). branford marsalis. spanish jam.
why make a thread about phish on the grateful dead subreddit if you don't want to see a thread about phish on the grateful dead subreddit
that's not a real thing at r/gratefuldead also you didn't even make the meme correctly
i think you mean veneta (i kid, i kid). of the shows i mentioned, livephish 1+4+11+13, 4/3/98 &amp; 4/5/98 probably get the most love. 12/31/99 is widely cited as the best phish show out there - fans &amp; band members alike, but there's a bit of an attendance bias factor (in my opinion) as well as the fact that the second set was seven hours. phish.net maintains a database of fan ratings, so you can see what shows are highly regarded: https://phish.net/music/ratings (to my previous point, note number 1). a ton of these are available on streaming services &amp; all are available through relisten/phish.in if you asked me what my favorite phish show ever was, i'd probably give you a different answer depending on the day of the week, but right now: 11/14/95. the stash -&gt; manteca -&gt; stash -&gt; dog faced boy -&gt; stash sequence blew my mind the first time i heard it.
he's not, but i think he's the best option with this group of players
noted. on an unrelated note, i would've *sworn* this happened 2+ years ago. but it hasn't even been a full 365. time is so weird these days.
two things here 1. how old are you? this whole "argument" became irrelevant DECADES AGO 2. mike gordon was the first choice for d&amp;c but turned it down for phish/mgb. sorry to disappoint.
help &gt; slip &gt; f...ire on the mountain 9/20/91
if this happens, the 7-1 loss will be worth it
**coys intensifies**
a lot of people operate under the machiavellian premise that the ends justify the means. just like barr said - history is written by the winners.
&gt; I think her presidency would have been tepid a best. while she was a candidate republicans were signaling they would impeach her upon her inauguration. we could've had president tim kaine before spring 2017.
i thought it was fine (he is a footballer not a professional comedian) but that's besides the point
absolutely!
i poked around for a sbd (i was listening to auds) and found it - 5:01/5:02 https://archive.org/details/gd1978-12-28.142807.sbd.eaton.miller.clugston.flac1644-1648/Gd78-12-28S2t08WharfRat.flac
did you actually open the playlist or just look at the thumbnail at the bottom of the article? i count 17 versions of terrapin by ctrl+f searching the playlist. i don't agree that spotify has "very little" dead shows. also if you give a first time listener a 2,700 song playlist you're doing them a disservice.
i loved this world cup. even the vuvuzelas. that goal celebration was top notch.
both
great results, sure. wouldn't say they're great matches.
television writing/acting vastly improved after he died
i disagree. it was a great result and the goal was a wonderful moment, but op asked for "fun games to rewatch." i don't consider a match where spurs had 33% possession and were outshot 19-3 (despite being a man up for a half hour) to be *fun*, regardless of the result.
the grateful dead did the theme for the 80s reboot https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJSy6TqtG5w
&gt; That game was frustrating to watch until eriksen came on and completely changed the match
&gt; That game was frustrating to watch until eriksen came on and completely changed the match .
check out the stella blue from 10/14/83 if you haven't heard it before. pure jerry magic.
sounds like a 3-5 minute highlight package offers what you're looking for
*the coward john bolton
&gt; He’s 30ish 28
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drXlL34Jegc 7/28/68 - mickey hart, jerry garcia, jack casady (jefferson airplane) jam
i don't believe he's genuine here (i.e., that he even watched it to begin with), but i support not creating safe spaces for those who want to be awful people
the equivalent of feeding a baby with airplane noises
"i've never even heard of her"
+1 jerry shreds this version
try dick's 14 if you haven't already. the denver '73 show from the road trips series is really good, too.
so you can empathize with that woman
i've been through this personally. it's annoying. a fan is not drowning out fireworks.
let me know when scarlet gets autocorrected to scarlet&gt;fire
&gt; How could a grown man not understand how movies and acting works. how many people voted for trump because they thought they were getting the guy from the apprentice?
would he? this is from 2018 &gt; In a Winthrop University poll of South Carolinians earlier this year, 60 percent said they believe homosexuality should be accepted by society. https://www.postandcourier.com/politics/sc-governor-candidates-split-over-agency-that-excludes-same-sex-couples-non-christians/article_275d8534-aa05-11e8-bf45-13501657cb91.html
don't know, but i prefer links/evidence to people just throwing things against the wall. open to any insight you or another might have. i'm not from sc so i can't pretend to know what they think.
i understand &amp; appreciate that skepticism, but their whole charade gets a lot harder when someone like bolton goes on the record in front of congress. the "didn't see it" line only works for twitter &amp; you can't chalk that up to the "radical leftist media."
&gt;He is responsible for the unique Grateful Dead sound *almost as much as Jerry.* jerry is the lynchpin of the grateful dead's sound. he's not the lone contributor, but it starts with him without a doubt. also, op, i don't think the frequency of "off nights" is germane to who's responsible for the dead's sound.
just release him from his contract and let him explore all possible options. i think rose has earned that when the alternative is 5m.
he has a year left on his contract &amp; has previously said he's not interested in a transfer. https://www.theguardian.com/football/2019/nov/13/danny-rose-tottenham-not-going-anywhere-contract
i wish i could upvote this twice
without a net. brent versions just hit different
he's under contract with barcelona. bayern has him on loan.
could do a back 3 and play sissoko at rwb. obviously not ideal but trying to be creative with a backup plan.
flashbacks to lwb sonny
i totally agree. plus, if morning dew happened, it probably would've meant that sing me back home wouldn't followed. that version is 1000% worth the el paso decision - i'd take it over almost every morning dew out there.
took me by surprise, too, because i'm used to the 80s versions.
GOOD LOOKS FRIEND see you all at furthur feat. trey pistachio
bale is the best player i've seen at spurs. modric wasn't appreciated enough while he was at spurs. i've enjoyed all of the accolades they've won since.
i'm just going to leave this here for those who aren't familiar about tipper gore &amp; music https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parents_Music_Resource_Center
i agree that others should. hopefully those who weren't previously aware will read up.
that's how i felt. lifeless football.
good point, there were definitely a few striker rumors out there during that window
&gt; Essien would've been incredible if it was 15 years ago
sorry, i thought you were just naming shows from 70 to back your claim that "it would be considered maybe the top year of the Dead without doubt"
if you're asking about the two compilations, so glad you made it &amp; the other one, it really depends on the price. truthfully i don't think either's worth it given the alternative (free, archive), but i'd probably pick the other one if money's no option.
&gt; even with consistency from Tanguy i do think pogba's better, but we've yet to see that.
roll away the b.o.
possibly, but bruno went for nearly double the money
if it's not, there's this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8rVM8GlD4c
you can run relisten (aka archive) through sonos speakers
&gt; Leicester have slipped up since the city game and don’t look the same team, we're talking about 4 matches, from which they took 7 out of 12 points and have allowed two goals. &gt;if it wasn’t for injuries we would be higher than them. that's part of why spurs haven't played like a top 6 team.
i think those are separate issues. u/tarifapirate asked why he'd want to return to spurs and a change in manager seems like a rationale explanation.
i think "would spurs even want him back" is a very fair question to ask
is it weird to anyone else that the "attacking six" doesn't include glc? perhaps it's because of an injury or because mourinho thinks of him as playing deeper than the others, but it's weird he wasn't even mentioned in that piece.
i thought that might be the case, but again, no mention of glc in the piece struck me as odd.
i am saying that about mourinho &amp; moyes because of their current teams
when glc came on for lamela he played just as advanced as coco was. perhaps that was more of a plan b situation.
consider me convinced. good comment.
can't co-sign that hard to handle enough. it rules
completely unrelated to the thread, but a couple of things stand out with this comment 1. why not go to festivals in less oppressive heat? i avoided bonnaroo solely for that reason. 2. everyone goes to festivals for different reasons, but did you just not have any interest in trying to find new music? discovering new artists is one of the things that separates a festival from a run of the mill concert.
right call. still hate it.
poch had three players on his wish list last summer and got all three
truly. decent chance that spurs return the favor in the next half hour.
wonderful to see kane score. always brings it in derbies. wish he wasn't playing the full 90, however.
should've had TWO assists
he's not starting xi good
roseanne probably would've been a-list (or close) 25 years ago but definitely not in 2020. admittedly i missed mcgregor's name the first go around, so add him to the list. i don't think ortiz (certainly not in 2020) or rivera make the cut. on the latter, his status as a baseball icon is without question, but the celebrity of baseball players is not even close to the same level as their peers in football or basketball. this nyt story makes the case better than i ever could so i'll just link it: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2019/10/22/sports/baseball/baseball-popularity-world-series.html
gotta be honest. after watching kane break down over the last few years, he should be given every opportunity to rest. up 2-0 in the 80th+, take him &amp; son off for winks &amp; gedson/sess/toby.
the change was made a few minutes after the 2nd goal i believe. that clarification kinda nullifies op's point.
it's totally consistent when you think about it. look at how much power republicans have and they still play victim.
yeah. 9/3/67 - viola lee blues https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2feBr1y2DZI
&gt; he’ll never be PL level. disagree. but there's a big gap between making it at a club like spurs vs. relegation fodder
&gt; Its worded a bit wrong. Should be “before losing both Kane and Son to injury.” the title's wording is more than a bit wrong, completely changes the context.
it had been nearly FIVE MONTHS* *aware that covid factored into that timeline
&gt; Maybe Jose is just being extra cautious with him or something and doesn't want to rush him back? i think that's the best case scenario. it's also what i want to believe.
the soundcheck jam or the one from s2?
this was written at the beginning of the season https://medium.com/@chris.summersell/how-good-is-harry-winks-92c2ade0d03e
&gt; If you believe the reports, i don't &gt; I was already not a fan of Mourhino before Levy brought him in and this isn't helping at all. sounds like you have an agenda
here's the original twitter thread https://twitter.com/HemmenKees/status/1275800856252895233/photo/1 the unidentified spurs player is sissoko
in one of the early episodes of weeds, one of the kids, shane, wins a debate on the electoral college by simply saying "george bush."
&gt; but does a solid job spurs should expect more from starting xi players with the club's ambitions. he's done a commendable job but it's a short term fix.
dier was used as a cb under poch this year. if you're going to count foyth (who didn't play cb under poch this year), i don't see why wouldn't count dier. i would add that squad rotation has been an issue for a while now.
this is rather silly. pep's watched him in training for years, so it stands to reason that he has a better grasp on what gundogan's capable of than someone just watching a match.
i genuinely have no idea what most of that means so i'll stick to the actual response &gt; Every coach Gunny has professionally played under has watched him in training and not once has he been slotted into a striker role. This combined with knowing his playing style will help inform people that he isn’t meant for that role(nothing wrong with it but in fact speaks more to the depth issue Pep has in the attack somehow). i think you're reading far more into this than is needed. pep was looking for options to give jesus some rest in the next 9 matches and identified gundogan as a suitable candidate. why hasn't a past coach done this? two obvious reasons: 1. he's less effective as a striker than as a cm, so playing him out of position makes no sense unless the situation merits a *temporary* shift 2. there's virtually nothing at stake in the remaining fixtures.
but is he good?
this type of question is going to rub a lot of people the wrong way, but have you ever given phish a try? if you like prog-ish stuff you ought to give them a listen. the lyrics aren't for everyone so i'll come right out and say that but musically it's pretty special stuff.
it's always cheaper to have players come through the youth system. established/in demand players like ndombele must be RECRUITED with stuff like playing time, europe, potential trophies and WAGES. if man united/real madrid/juventus wanted to RECRUIT harry kane, they'd be paying him more. and with that external interest, kane can play himself into a more lucrative contract, with spurs or elsewhere. not rocket science.
&gt; he is our joint top earner instantly without much credentials. club record signing
ndombele being "especially close" with dele &amp; sissoko doesn't mean they're the only ones he has a relationship with
do you ever have off days? (not days off from work, days where your work product or motivation is off)
i just think you've wildly misinterpreted the quote. he was clearly disappointed and expects more out of ndombele. no question about that. but to suggest that spurs "cannot risk starting a game with him" on the basis of those comments is a huge stretch. does the below sound like someone who's done with ndombele? &gt; "I was expecting players who were not tired to give more to the team," Mourinho told Sky Sports. &gt; "Somebody has to realise this is the Premier League, this is a new experience and first time coming to Burnley. &gt; #I hope next season he can be fantastic." &gt; #"I hope he uses every minute on the pitch and every minute knowing what the Premier League is to improve," he added. &gt; #"Many fantastic players in their first season in a new country for different reasons they struggle. There have been many examples of that. &gt; "He’s a player with great talent. He has to know he has to do much better and know I cannot keep giving him opportunities to play because the team is much more important."
something from three months ago? that's called carrying a grudge. either you allow for improvement or you walk away from a potential superstar after 5 months of an incredibly tumultuous first season.
i would consider the studio versions of us blues, loose lucy and unbroken chain to be better than any live rendition. around these parts it's rare for a studio version to be considered the best, but how about THREE instances on a single album? i listen to the dead's studio work more than most and i can't think of any other release where this is the case (although i'd hear arguments for american beauty).
bale's done way more for madrid than ozil has for arsenal or sanchez for united. doesn't belong in that group.
definitely a good one - similar energy as the 7/8/78 red rocks show. the ones from 6/28/74 &amp; 6/23/74 - coming out of MONSTER jams - are probably my favorites...after the studio version.
11/2/98 is the ultimate "anything can happen" phish show. there's more context to it, but the general consensus is the fact that it *happened* is the most significant part, not the quality of the playing. so if you weren't impressed, that's totally fine. it wouldn't be something i'd share with a non-fan, personally, for that reason. check out junta and lawn boy, their first two albums. early phish was more akin to genesis, yes, frank zappa than the grateful dead. if you'd like some live material to chew on, try the a live one compilation. there are some meaty jams in there, but also some stretched out songs (aka stuff under 10 minutes).
a bit disappointing there was no footage of him running (like gedson). clips like that could shift the narrative and ease the pressure fans put on ndombele.
i am only considering grateful dead performances
it would only work if united finished sixth + won europa league and the city ban was upheld and spurs finished fifth
you place far too much emphasis on a single match
not really. there's so much variety to the dead's music it's perfectly reasonable that someone might like the country/americana stuff but not the free-form, exploratory jams, and vice versa.
it's totally fine to not like it
i hope it's officially [x] stadium/arena at white hart lane. official sponsor (aka funds) and people can still - accurately - call it whl. everyone wins.
honestly i would hope it's unpopular for people to tell others how to be a deadhead. if dark star is a bathroom break song for other people, doesn't that benefit you (more space, less chance of chompers)?
keep creating and spreading art! looking forward to the next piece
we're in the post-poch era, though
paulo gazzaniga will be 30 in two years. spurs should have lloris' successor playing backup by then. who knows what'll become of poch.
yep, i make a point to listen to everything he's put out. surprising on the favorite album. do you get a lot of none shall pass?
definitely. dorks, lotta years, and kirby get a lot of play in our house. my girlfriend loves that record the most (though i was her gateway to his music). haha yeah not a lot of love for bazooka tooth, but cook it up is on my shortlist of favorite aes songs.
it's similar to phish in so far as it's an acquired taste and the "break through" is highly subjective. speaking of myself, it was aes' song battery &amp; 12/3/97 bowie for phish. but yeah musically, especially *how* you listen, it's way different. but great.
two questions, op - could dele not work as an inside forward in a 343? - are you suggesting that davies should start in a back 3 over sanchez &amp; toby, or did i misread?
missed opportunity not having papa poch on one side and jose on the other, simultaneously doing the arm around the player pose.
i agree on the positions you selected
regarding this whole narrative broadly... harry kane has played in a champions league final, he's played in a league cup final, and he has 3 other cup semi final appearances. so there hasn't been a lack of opportunities for trophies...spurs and spurs players - which includes kane - just haven't gotten it done. also, if spurs won a trophy, the goal posts would shift. liverpool got flack for not having won the league till this year despite the hardware they've picked up in the last 30 yeras.
width hasn't been a thing at spurs since walker left
i stick with plain ol' "i like your [sticker/shirt/hat/etc.]"
you don't have to be rich to not want to pay taxes.
do you actually think that's the reason?
i agree with this, but hope the football's more aesthetically pleasing next year. not holding my breath.
pigpen singing hey jude 3/1/69
nfa
i used the exact phrasing you used, so i'm comfortable that what i wrote matched your intentions. i made a casual disagreement with you and you followed it up with this: &gt; I don't get why so many people on this sub act as if they have to defend every single note the band ever played. first of all - doesn't apply to me. second, the encore is a bar band sing along. it's a handful of minutes of pig having fun on stage. don't make it any more than that.
full response &gt; They went into the worst rendition of. Hey Jude ever known to mankind. The worst highschool school bar ban. You ever heard couldn't play it so badly and they'd played it a couple of times before but it was a disaster and &gt;that's why I I love them because they could do this. They went from sublime to disaster. In in a millisecond and &gt;#everybody was still having fun and playing and dancing and was still fascinating I love it
&gt; If you want to be really depressed and play the butterfly effect game then lets go back to 2012 when Levy decided not to buy Eden Hazard... do you have a link for this? my recollection is that hazard chose chelsea specifically because they were in europe (unlike spurs) and they were the champions
that was gorgeous
