1. This is so vague that I can't possibly understand what you mean. It sounds like a strawman but I can't even be sure of that unless you be more specific. 2. Neither does liberalism. Not to mention comparing caring for another human being to "stealing" sounds like you value a small amount of money over the wellbeing of others, making your position soundly immoral. 3. Liberalism is about raising the floor for everyone to be treated equally. In order to do that you have to focus on some groups of people at a time. Not recognizing that is just another demonstration of a lack of empathy and a massive case of short-sightedness both for history and the future. 4. Maybe, and maybe in a perfect world that would be enough. We don't live in that world however. Trying to apply your fantasy idealism to the real world has been demonstrated time and time again as ineffective. Not to mention when you invoke "personal responsibility" while also not acknowledging the hardships that certain groups have to deal with in order to do so makes your whole position incredibly hypocritical.
Yeah I know, they have been missing them on the Cards all game. Thanks for noticing.
Really? Pretty sure anytime something negative comes out about a Democrat we don't attempt to justify their actions based on what the Right does. You guys tried to stroke off Roy Moore for months and the only reason you didn't succeed is that you were too old for him.
"You are advised to submit without further delay, for if I bring my army into your land, I will destroy your farms, slay your people, and raze your city." "If."
You are so sure of everything you're saying, but you clearly can not put on anyone else's worldview and see through their eyes for just a moment. You really think heliocentrism is a rigorous view for **most** religious people? Have you even spoken to a theist? Seems like you have some wacky view as to what people tend to believe.
Like I already told you, you're a waste of time. You don't even know what's being said, and if you do, you're not even close to responding to it. In either case you're worthless to talk to.
You're calling beliefs felonies (and non-convicted people felons) and I'm the troll? Ok champ. You might want to take more time with that dictionary because it clearly hasn't soaked in.
And you claiming all religious people do that is why you're detached from reality.
And again, with that statement you aren't engaging in the same conversation as everyone else. Again, not worth anyones time because you can't follow a conversation. I'm done.
You don't need to do it, sure. But if you **can't** do it, how can you possibly understand it? And don't try to counter with something like "Well you can't fly to the moon so blah blah." The information is out there, and with the resources, I could. I can understand it. But god **cannot** lust, so he cannot understand it.
Of course they do. It shows a flaw in peoples standard of evidence. They make exceptions for different ideas with no real justification. That's the point.
Again, we can research ants. I literally just explained why those analogies don't work. But regardless, why can't god Sin "by definition"? If you're going to say it's his nature or whatever, I need an accounting for why his nature is the way it is.
&gt;So, by inference, does this mean people wouldn't test for a deity if they could? You're focused on the testing part and not the questioning part. Touching the paint is questioning the statement "The paint is wet." Yet there is no questioning the deity part. Just because you can't physically test something doesn't mean the correct response is acceptance. That shows arbitrary standards of evidence. &gt; It's the same principle for a deity, where they'll accept it even if they can't test it because they would rather err on the safe side. Except that doesn't make any sense as you've highlighted. You don't know anything about this thing. What if this deity only rewards critical thought and doesn't want to be in the company of unquestioning believers? Point being how can you be cautious about something you have no reliable information of? Or maybe more pertinent, why be cautious about something that poses no threat?
Yes, in the joke it's being simplified, but if you can't extrapolate the larger point, that's on you.
&gt; For example, you said that an atheist universe could have a god. What is an atheistic universe and how can you know?
But it is the same thing. Both are claims. One is that a deity exists. The other is that paint is wet. On a simple level, these are both claims to be evaluated. So yes, they are perfectly comparable. Just because one is trivial it doesn't change the fact that you should have the same standards for **all** claims, regardless of the claim being made.
You think you did, but you didn't. You did not explain how you could tell the difference.
You're drawing a line inbetween "Claims that can be demonstrated" and "claims that can't be demonstrated", but that line, philosophically, doesn't actually exist. If we take "paint is wet" it's trivial to prove. But what about man-made climate change? Get's a bit trickier. How about travelling faster than light via wormholes? Does a god exist? All of these are claims that can be evaluated, and you should apply the same standards to all of them if you want to be consistent in your beliefs. Only one of those things, the paint, is verifiable at the individual level, but what you have to do for all claims, regardless of what it is, is look at as much data as possible. Making an arbitrary line between certain claims and calling them different doesn't actually make them different.
That's not how arguments or falsifiability works. Again, in your head that might make sense, but not in reality. I can define god into existence, that doesn't make him actually exist.
&gt;But usually philosophers would say conclusions of sound arguments are demonstrable. That's because the premises and conclusion of a sound argument are all true. When we're dealing with the unfalsifiable, those arguments aren't possible. So you're saying that if an impossible thing were possible, then it could be used to do something impossible. That's neat, but your argument is there is unsound. &gt;No idea. So our universe could in fact be "atheistic" by your standard, and yet gods are posited. If it is, then your conclusion is demonstrably false. Considering it is possible for it to be false and yet you have no way of showing it is true or not, we can then conclude that your assertion of an "atheistic universe" to be, at best, useless.
A standard and a method are different things. What you just said is nonsense. It's comparable to "You shouldn't put all bread in a toaster, because some bread is jellyfish." My standard of evidence is different from my method of obtaining evidence.
Because you're using the word "standard" to mean "method" instead of using a better word. Like "method".
I never said the method wasn't important. I said a method isn't a standard. You keep adding things onto what I'm saying without ever addressing the point that was being made in the first place. The point was that claims, regardless of what can be proven about them, are all claims and should be held to the same standards of evidence. Accepting one with basically no evidence while requiring evidence for others is inconsistent.
Oh, NPC memes huh? You probably also call liberals fascist, don't you? What a joke. Nothing you say can be taken seriously.
Does it? How does that affect you in any way whatsoever?
Yes, and wishing someone a happy holiday, considering it's the holiday season, is literally genocide, right?
No, it's about what people say. Should I correct you a third time?
Hahah that's such a stupid generalization I don't even know how to address it. Take care bud.
Haha. "We have to remove your comments because we don't have responses that make any sense."
He's a fake Walk Away-er too. This isn't surprising. These kinds of people have done the whole fake news thing forever.
Haha, are you serious? "Hey, this headline is very deceptive." "Oh REALLY? What about this completely different headline? You hypocrite!" That's what you just did. If you can't see how ridiculous that is, that's sad.
Yeah. It's not like 90% of the Democrats support what the people want, whereas literally 100% of republicans don't. Maybe we're "triggered" and trying to put out a house fire instead of worrying about a sparkler.
"We use on the left" ~Incredibly active T_D User. I bet you also "walked away" didn't you? Fake fucking news.
Ok, except only 9% of the Democrats are voting this way. Would you consider 9% of something to be the whole of it? Because if you do, you're stupid. So yes, he is.
&gt;Once again I just said that they already condoned it but you simply just don't want to believe it. Do you mean condemned? Because A: Only some of them did, there were just as many defenses of him. There's a whole conspiracy about how Heyer died from a heart attack for being fat that was invented to defend this guy. If you ignore that and it's proponents, you're denying reality and by definition and irrational person. Secondly: &gt;It's like you don't even know how to read. Is just equally as funny since you don't know what words mean.
I wish I could answer that (and I'm sure I could google it and would be able to recall a bunch more than I do) but this was like 12 years ago and I really don't remember much about the technical aspects. I would like to say no for safety's sake but I couldn't tell you for sure.
That was like yesterday. By now he's already doxxed literally everyone, past, present, and future, and he has control of NSA supercomputers. We're all doomed.
What about praying to Mecca? Obviously if they don't start loving Islam too that's an automatic fail, right?
I like how that's the best criticism your tiny mind could muster. "Hah, he got the length of time wrong! Well, back to 4chan to say racist things there where I won't get called out for it because while I believe I'm superior, I'm entirely too chickenshit to actually do anything about it when there is a possible repercussion for me." Enjoy your parents basement for their entire lives you mouth breather.
He drove his car into a crowd of people. That is intent to murder, with intent being the key word. Manslaughter is killing without intent. I mean, I'm not surprised you don't know what words mean, you're here whining about the fact that this isn't a safe space for your nazi bullshit, so clearly you aren't the brightest Ku Klux Kid.
No, they want to live in their nation and make HIM leave. They want to uproot his life (at BEST) because of their feelies. And that's me being extremely generous with their disgusting views.
I'm at 12-ish with my lady. I love reading some of this shit to her and she gets a kick out of how these people think.
Even if they did show it to me it wouldn't matter. I'm not stepping an e-foot anywhere in the vicinity of 4chan.
Never really thought of that. I tend not to watch many military themed films anymore because I get all nitpicky and end up annoying myself and others.
I saw this clip and I was like "Oh look, a harmless video of a Black kid doing a funny bit. Wonder what kind of racist shit someone's gonna say" and there you were.
It's a link to his twitter which contains the quote of a professor who also happened to have some sketchy ideas of secret organizations that many older conspiracy theorists tend to gravitate towards, and this is also links to his blog. So he sourced himself twice.
&gt;The actions are obviously morally wrong, but something being morally wrong and being aware of it being reprehensible is not the same as it being illegal or knowing you're conducting illegal activities. You said "Wrong Morally or wrong legally? Cohen never clarifies this" That's a quote. I didn't misunderstand anything. You're implying that either it needs to be clarified that it's morally wrong, or that Trump absolutely knows it's illegal. It's one or the other. We can glean from context, since this is clearly a morally wrong act that he was paying money to try to keep a secret and therefor already knows it's a moral wrong since he's trying to cover it up, that the only context left is that is wrong in a legal sense. To try to spin this in any other direction is either a lie (in which case, why are you lying for a politician you supposedly don't even think is a good person) or it's being intentionally ignorant, which is just another way of lying, so reference the above point. Which one is it?
I don't understand why you can't read....
Just because you're pretending he didn't murder someone and attempt to murder many more, doesn't mean that's what reality is. Your role-playing has no bearing on the truth. So don't compare your fantasy land to real dictators.
No, you haven't. You've pretended you did. Literally everyone else who has eyes and isn't a Nazi fuckhead sees that you're wrong. The courts think you're wrong. The Jury thinks you're wrong. Your "proof" has been "I don't want my nazi friend to go to jail for murder, so I'm going to pretend he didn't murder and lie about the evidence that we can all see with our own eyes, and when people call me out for lying, I'm going to make real world comparisons to my re-imagining of this scenario even though that is fallacious logic, because lying is ok if you're doing it for nazis or whatever."
It's the Non-Seq show. It's equally about entertainment as it is about informing. Plus like any debate, it's almost always about the audience. I'm currently working on getting a Qultist on the show to talk to just because there are too many people who are unaware of that type of crazy.
That doesn't stop them from being wrong, though. Racism was a thing before it was labeled. That's like saying "America didn't exist until 1492" even though the natives were already here, they didn't name it America, so it wasn't real. Point being the continent was there regardless of the label and same with racism.
I just....I just can't believe how many people exist that hear that, all his claims, everything, and then they go "Good job." HOW DO YOU NOT HAVE ANY QUESTIONS?
That's why the wall needs to be clear, so you don't get landed on.
Well they're only using tangentially related numbers anyways. Their rates of "fatherless homes" is really just unwed homes, and it's from a Houston newspaper article that I can't even be sure if it's correct. But again, even if it is, it's not saying what they're claiming it says, because ya know, they're liars.
Because when it was brought up it was YOU talking about McVeigh, which you then transitioned that into "Would they be involved in assigning the blame for a government shutdown, then?" So YOU brought up the issue and then YOU changed it. So if you need to ask that question to anyone, you're the only fucking one that can answer it.
Never accused you of bringing him up. I said you were talking about him.In any case, you're the one that turned the court comment into shutdown.
[Heh, nothin personelle kid](https://youtu.be/E-71Euv1UL4?t=17)
You post there. You should be able to answer that. So you asking me as if you're unfamiliar with the place seems to imply you're setting something up. Why don't you just get to your actual claim and we'll see if it's true or not.
Democrats almost vote in complete solidarity for those topics. I don't know what the fuck you're talking about. https://www.govtrack.us/congress/votes/115-2018/s97 Like just a cursory amount of research would demonstrate stuff like this and yet you're just talking out of your ass.
&gt;They are a racist apologist for human rights violations committed by their fellow racists. Their /r/asablackman shtick utterly reeks of dishonesty, and you could hear their sucking of Trump's cock throughout their entire post. And you allowed them the option of playing ignorance as a get-out-of-jail-free card No. I gave two possible options from my perspective. Nowhere do I see them claim they're black and unfortunately someone who supports Trump isn't necessarily a racist, just ignorant, hence the dichotomy I laid out. I don't scour everything someone has ever said to form a complete opinion because I don't have decades to spend for every comment I want to post. &gt;But they're not ignorant, they know what they're doing, they know why they're doing it, and everyone on their side knows they know those things. Right there is where you're just being irrational. While I don't like many people on the right or on T_D, I refuse to blanket statement any large group of people. There are probably thousands of stupid teenagers there who have nearly zero idea of what they're talking about and are just parroting talking points from their e-friends because it lets them fit in. &gt;Find an excuse not to admit you're wrong is the primary bread-and-butter modus operandi of fascism, dude. And I'm really just trying to help you understand that No, you're creating mountains out of mole hills. There is a modicum of truth in what you're saying, except it pretty much has zero practical relevance in the real world and I couldn't give a shit less about tailoring a god damn insult to make sure someone at some point in the future is going to mistake my insult as a genuine diagnosis or whatever it is that this non-problem you invented is going to cause. In fact, honestly, what is the worst case scenario of saying that moron has brain damage? I'm genuinely asking. What scenario are you so adamantly trying to make sure doesn't happen? Because I honestly can't see a single situation where that has any bearing on anything ever.
Why is it rude to talk to blind people?
Oh well that's similar. For us it was more like "Stay frosty, be crisp and alert" but remaining calm might just be another valid interpretation.
I like how you don't even acknowledge what I'm saying while calling me brainwashed. As soon as you don't have a response for something you just pretend it doesn't exist and carry on, not even pausing to go "Wait, that actually invalidates the point I made. That means I should reevaluate my position." And you won't because you're too worried about *feeling* right and actually being right. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/01/15/opinion/leonhardt-trump-racist.html Trump is a racist. No question. There are a huge number or users in T_D that are racists, bigots, or just otherwise shitty people. I'm not "brainwashed" into thinking that, the evidence is there. &gt;trump wants to have basic border security, Literally everyone wants border security. The ignorant conservatives have convinced you that "The Libtards want open borders!" and you believe it unconditionally regardless of the fact that no one on the left ever says that. You're so incredibly gullible to any information that comes from "your team" and automatically assume anything else is a lie. Then you project those exact same behaviors onto us, pretend we're the ones that *actually* do that to reinforce your false sense of superiority. Also, don't think you're anything like me. You're not. You haven't used a shred of critical thinking in any of this. You get your talking points that you've never bothered to actually fact check and as soon as they're shot down, you just go somewhere else and repeat them again as if you don't already know they aren't true because **you are not concerned with what is true, only what you feel is true.**
&gt;a state of affairs or an event that seems deliberately contrary to what one expects and is often amusing as a result. Yeah it is. I don't know why a few years ago everyone became an irony elitist and only some kinds of situational irony are actually ironic. Like driving to the store to get milk for your coffee and getting into a car accident because you hit a cow is the only true form of irony.
Thank you for the demonstration.
Ok. Maybe there's an ethereal consciousness that we're all connected to *somehow* for some unknown reason because. Maybe. But it seems to me you think of millions of things all day every day and if there were some kind of "connection" this would be a regular occurrence. The fact that it's rare seems to imply that it's just confirmation bias where you ignore the billions of times this does not happen.
Maybe, but then you'd think your mom would stop calling me.
Yeah man, look, I don't want you take this the wrong way, but I don't think you have the mentality for the military and that's the real root cause here. I spent my fair share of time getting my ass handed to me over shit I did and didn't do. I was mad at superiors, outraged even at the unfairness. Minus one situation (which I'll get to in a sec) every time I put my head down and sucked it the fuck up, because that **is** what you signed up for. It sounds to me like you got punished, resented it, and kept fucking off because of that which lead to you being kicked out. We had one dude, fairly new to our unit. He lost his helmet. He got shit on for it because *how does that even happen*? After he lost his *second* one though and clearly drastic measures needed to be taken he became spiteful, started refusing to do shit and he was kicked out because he made himself a liability instead of a teammate. I got several weekends taken away from and a few extra staff duties because when someone went to check my weapon after a training exercise they unlocked the bolt on my weapon causing it to discharge. What's even more bullshit is that someone else had the same thing happen to them like 5 minutes prior and they got no consequences because I instantly became "that guy" and that's how being "that guy" works. I got smoked for hours and hours because someone fell off a truck and hurt themselves and the people around didn't take proper care of the guy *on a mission I didn't even go on*. But one time, the only time I ever spoke up about any of this (other than bitching about it to my peers because that's what you do in the military) is when someone fucked up and checked in someone else's equipment as theirs and I got called out for it. I pulled my superior outside and we yelled at eachother about it, but this was after I had served enough time to know better than to let this go and get in huge trouble for something that I was only tangentially related to. We agreed to fix the problem together and that came to a agreeable conclusion, but only because I could demonstrate that this was not something I should have been called out for. All I'm saying is that man, you might want to take a moment and have some inward reflection of how you view these experiences. Might be able to glean some important information about yourself.
You're the gift that keeps on giving. You can't say a word in defense of anything, you just keep asserting things about my character.
Look, whether you intended it or not, people make up or exaggerate stories all of the time to promote their rhetoric, and it's pretty clear here than whatever parts of your story are true, there are bunches of it that don't fit with reality.
You're comparing someone paying 150k in taxes a year so someone making 1/6th of that as their total income. No, it's not.
Dirt? Gross. I'll stick with my vegan free range Uranium thank you very much.
Not calling you a liar, but my experience with my own little furry Joffrey indicates that yes, they will bring mice in if they can get away with it. If we weren't paying attention within minutes of letting her in she'd be doing laps around the couch hunting the mouse she just dropped in the living room. If we saw she had one she'd give up after 10 minutes of trying to get in, play with it on the porch and had a 50/50 of killing it or letting it go in the yard.
Oh when you said "they" I thought we were still talking about cats. My mistake. I see it now.
For explosions like what you're talking about you need combustion which requires pressure, and there's not much pressure in space because it's essentially the opposite of that. Plus Quasars don't tend to last a long time in a cosmological sense because it does require being fed so much material to keep it going. Think of our entire solar systems getting pulled in by a black holes gravity, getting ripped apart by it and then compressed down into a disk every few days or so.
Yeah but at the same time in the future most of the rest of the universe will have traveled away from us for so long that it will cross the horizon of our observable universe. Depending on how things play out there might be a time when our descendants don't even know anything else exists in the universe except the Milk-Dromeda galaxy it will become.
Huh? Yeah, he shows you a goat, but that doesn't make it 50/50. It makes it 66/33. You have a 1 in 3 chance to just guess correctly on blind luck, when he shows the other goat and the second door, one of those thirds is moved and now the other door has a 66% chance to be correct.
Yeah no that could still easily kill them. Not only would there still be plenty of organ damage from a firecracker, even if it was just near the anus, because we start as blastocyts (We develop anus first) there is a healthy amount of bloodflow in the area. Not to mention you'd have a fierce argument for the worlds worst anal fissure which is a fairly great way to die from blood infections. You'd have to have some pretty swift medical care for that to not kill you. Tangent; Me and a buddy got a hold of some firecrackers and were just having fun throwing them at stuff in the desert. We'd been casually tossing them for about 5 minutes when I grabbed one, lit it and threw and it exploded right as I was releasing it. Turns out that one had a quick fuse and even though it wasn't gripped in my hand it still made my whole hand swell up like a fucking balloon for 2-3 days and it fucking hurt. That was my "Learn your lesson dumbass? Don't fuck around with fireworks" day.
There was a millions of views on a video about a guy complaining about a fucking strabucks cup. If you're not one of those assholes you're probably in the minority.
Except the text messages are there. Yes, he was alleged to have been sexually aggressive with these girls. And there is also hard evidence, too. Read.
&gt;Because my comment wasn't about the evidence? It literally wasn't, it was about the source. &gt;All I was pointing out is that his source of choice wasn't very trustworthy and could be easily dismissed. Yeah if you have a reason other than "bias" because even biased groups can present facts, like text messages. Not to mention there is text messages. Did I mention the text messages? &gt;If you want a foolproof argument you'd want a source that the person you're attacking can't just say "well that's clearly a biased source" (even if said source provides completely factual information). Only if someone is dumb enough to ignore evidence. I don't trust breitbart but if they had a headline that said "Obama is a gay cannibal" with a video of him fucking and eating a dude I'd be like "Holy shit" because if they literally just faked it they'd be sued out existence within the hour.
Literally not a problem. Nothing you said contradicts or is a problem with the comment you replied to.
So if you "allege" I stole your wallet, and also I have your wallet, I apparently haven't stolen your wallet. It's almost like you don't know what words mean.
You can, but by doing so you admit that at least parts of the bible aren't literal. Once you do that it becomes a lot more complicated to defend what is reality and what is just a moral story in the bible. People who support the flood don't want to be caught in that complication and just claim it's all literal and then just try to justify it after the fact, which forces them to deny facts.
Sounds like you didn't do the stamp dance. People always forget about the stamp dance.
"Water? I don't touch the stuff. I fuck in it."
My dog doesn't get sad, but he does need RAM to finish his PC build for his streaming rig. I keep telling him we just don't have the funds and maybe he should get a job walking himself or something, but life just isn't fair sometimes.
Reminds me of a neighbor we had. It was a couple and they just lived to cause drama. Me and my brother were riding bikes and at one point while turning around we crossed into the gravel on their side of the road by about a foot. The wife came out screaming at us not to flee and straddled the tire track so we couldn't "destroy the evidence." My brother just went and got my dad and he told us to go away and handled it when the cops showed up. After the next time they called the police because we were "Running a boat up and down the street" (My dad was working on a friends boat engine) the cops showed up, asked us if running a boat on the road was good for the rudder and told us there wasn't going to be anymore frivolous calls to the cops.
I like how you acknowledge he made a point and then do nothing to address it while laughing to yourself like the crazy asshole racist you are.
Oh, I guess you don't count the death toll of U.S. soldiers during WWII as a Nazi thing. Good to know.
That might be part of it, but it's more that's it's easy to pander to people when they believe you share their beliefs. There's a reason that abortion is one of the loudest platforms of almost every republican.
Some pretty thick recency goggles you got on there. You go back not too far and you've got plagues wiping out swathes of humanity, people dying from famines and many, many people don't make it past age 5. The stuff you're talking about is due to modern marvels made by people.
&gt;Providing support with no realistic way to get off support is keeping people on support. You're right. This support isn't enough. It should be enough that it's not detrimental to lose it when you do lose it. &gt;You may not know this, but modern welfare systems disincentivize people getting higher-paying jobs because the net value they receive will go down To a point and in certain circumstances. If you have a family and one of the working parents lose a job and they go on support to supplement them in the meantime, this doesn't tend to affect them because an entire persons wage is generally more than the support is. However there are groups of people who don't want a small raise because it would mean they make too much for the support and end up losing too much of their income from it. This is something of a problem with capitalism not being very well regulated as much as it is an issue with welfare. But that problem isn't solved by removing the support system. &gt;but creating a class of tens of millions of Americans who are unable to lead lives independent of government support is not healthy Which is why democrats are and have been pushing for living wages. It's a possible solution to the problem that's fair to everyone, but it will cost corporations money so they throw more money into the government to stop that from happening.
Yeah but those are things you learn as you get accepted. The loneliness isn't an excuse, just a starting point. These are probably a lot of teenagers who are awkward, just not great a socializing in real life but not hateful, so they socialize online, start confusing 4 chan for reality and pretty soon they're full blown misogynists.
How does it feel to know for a fact that no other human being will ever touch your dick?
&gt; I am bi but homosexuality is degenerate You're a troll, right?
Keep lying champ. Already addressed it. You're still lying and haven't even come close to meeting anyone's challenge here. You posted a video of 3 sentences of Schumer saying "Illegal immigration should be addressed" which no democrat has disagreed with ever. That doesn't remotely address any of your claims, you missed by a fucking lightyear. Stop. Lying.
You said most states have a law, not that this violates it, and generally it's going to mostly be county law that really applies, like a lot of places have banned sandwich boards on the sidewalk since they take up space. As far as a roadway goes you only need enough clearance (generally) that it's safe to drive passed, which is around 2 feet giver or take if there aren't utilities buried next to the road.
&gt;The federal law applies to any government communication made that is layman's words "work related". No, it doesn't. Do you think we have receipts of rifles purchased to fight the civil war? They're work related. No? Because it only applies to relevant things, like a certain period of time. &gt;Sure. And most of the emails are not but some actually were. Per the the quoted Politifact article. No, they weren't. Because as was already mention *by you* is that these weren't deleted to hide any information. Therefor not relevant to the legal part. &gt;Who would we care about deleting emails? &gt;We would care about a politician deleting emails as there are regulations against that. Only if they violate those regulations. &gt;We don't care about random internet joe who also deletes emails. The comparison is that if the e-mails are irrelevant, then they all fall under the category of irrelevant via tautology. &gt;But he went on to say "why is no one trying to arrest me". To which the answer is entirely "you're not a federal worker". No would care about you deleting emails. I think they're highlighting that no one is trying to arrest Hillary either.
&gt; I suppose that's technically true. Under communism, everyone would be poor and totally dependent on government assistance. What the fuck? I provided a clear example of what I was talking about within capitalism and you just respond by "lol but communism" as if I said anything like that. Why don't you address what I actually say? &gt;Can you reference their proposed legislation to limit the amount of time someone can spend on welfare? So far, democrats have completely failed to help people off government assistance. Why would you even ask that? You're not asking "prove what the democrats have done" you're just saying "show where the democrats tried to kick people off welfare" which was even a thing I ever brought up. So why the fuck would I answer a question for you that I'm not even trying to defend? Are you being dishonest on purpose? &gt;Let's say 75% of employees work 40 hours per week, and 75% (both of those percentages are probably underestimates) Right there it is. You're delusional. You think more than 75% of Wal-mart's staff is full time. You don't even know what you're talking about. &gt;We're talking about 843,750 full-time sales associates. If Walmart raised all of their salaries to $15/hr, instead of their $8.862B net income, they would have lost $1.263B. Yeah again, that's not the economy works. Sure, they would have made **less profits** but as you brilliantly pointed out they still would have made **over 7 and a half billion dollars** and paid people a decent wage on top of it. Like I said, fair for everyone. Not to mention a lot of what they paid their employees would have been put back into their business meaning that they wouldn't have even lost that full 1.2 billion, it would be even *less* than that. I don't understand why you're arguing my point for me, but I appreciate it. &gt;However, if Walmart's corporate taxes were cut by 50%, they would have been able to pay all 843,750 workers $15/hr and see $4.5245 in net income. They made nearly 9 billion dollars. They don't need a tax cut. Not to mention we have historical data that demonstrates that companies who receive tax cuts rarely pass that savings on to their employees, they expand. You know what would change that? Regulation. &gt;I refuse to believe that in the next few years, after thousands of years, human innovation will halt and we'll have mass unemployment. We're remarkably good at coming up with new ways to keep ourselves busy. And 250 years ago you would have "refused to believe that we'll be able to shit inside our own house and have a device in your pocket that lets you speak to anyone anywhere in the world" but your incredulity doesn't mean a god damn thing to reality. &gt;If you raised everyones wages by 50%, the dollar would be worth 2/3 what it's worth now. THAT's NOT HOW MONEY WORKS. I'm done. I'm just done.
The fact you can't remember 1 day ago speaks volumes. Then you attack my character because I've researched things? Again, very telling. And then you make a bunch of bullshit up, per all you ever do, about how people just hate Trump for no reason and nothing he could do would ever change that. Except not only is that not reality, you have to be absurdly delusional to not see any reasons why people dislike Trump. And then you bring up a 50 year old CIA project? What the fuck? I don't even know what you're talking about.
You really try hard to make yourself sound smarter, but you're using words and don't know what they mean, not to mention you're still just flat out lying. It's like you can't stop yourself. &gt;also you havent really done any..ahh research in your posts. Then how did I know you were going to cite the 2006 fence act as a source for "Democrats wanting a wall before Trump said it" (Again, another lie) BEFORE you did exactly that? You're transparent. See-through. &gt;In your opinion why do people hate trump? Like a concrete thing HE has done to merit hatred. Let's see. He lies. Objectively. I mean you don't even have to speculate. He claimed he didn't know about hte payments made to the women he had affairs with. He's on tape talking about those payments. HE CLAIMED IT WASN'T RAINING ON HIS INAUGURATION! I mean come on! Besides the obvious lies, not letting go of his businesses and using them to generate money by staying in his own hotels and making the government pay for it, he's a greedy dickhead. Those are just two very obvious and apparent reasons to hate anyone, even more so when they're in office. &gt;And as far as the mocking bird stuff.. trust me man no democrat has any idea of the actual forces at work out there or there would be VERY few democrats. Democrats want equality. As long as that's an issue democrats will have a platform no matter what other wacko conspiracy shit you make up. &gt;I encourage you to look into the center for foreign relations and how they regulate our media. Yeah or no. Why would I waste my time looking into anything you say? You're a liar. I'd be better off responding to e-mails from Nigerian Princes. &gt;This would be a good starting point for someone who admittly knows nothing about the influence peddlers of our time. Look at you, making more lies. Not only did I not admit to that, I've already successfully predicted on how you're going to make shit up. If anyone here needs some education on how things work it isn't me.
You can re-read our conversation then because all of those points have already been addressed. Either you're doing this intentionally, making you a liar, or you're too dumb to remember your own conversations and I'm better off talking to a wall.
There it is. The "whataboutheremails." As soon as you start to ever so slightly face the reality that your team is crooked, time to speculate about the other side! Why? Why can't you just say it. You already know I'm right. Just admit to it. Be fucking honest for once. Just say "yes he committed documented crimes." "Yes, I don't care he's a criminal because he's on my team." "Yes, I'm aware that makes me look like an idiot but as long as every fetus has a gun I don't care."
My buddy lives on a Ranch and I was over there just the other day and we were having a blast because his dog loves to go jump in the pod because then all the birds come and and chase her since they have their nests in the trees around it. Really entertaining for her to get a big running jump in the water, watch the birds come out and then her running around trying to get them to chase her further.
You're trolling here because you have nothing better to do, like hang out with friends (Maybe you don't have any, I wouldn't blame anyone for not being your friend) so you shouldn't throw stones in glass houses pal.
&gt;The trick is peeling reaaaaally slowly once you get it going. The adhesive will start to strand, and as they stretch, you can see the spots stuck to the surface shrink up to a pinhead, and then disappear. That depends on tons of factors, like the age of the glue and temperature &gt;Most of the small bits that are left behind can usually be picked up by smacking the same adhesive you just removed down onto the surface a bunch of times quickly. Uhh? Are you saying pull the glue off the piece you just removed and somehow use that to remove the glue left on the car? Because if that's what you're saying I'll need a source of someone actually doing this.
&gt;You seem to think all progressives think alike and that just because you're a "progressive" your methodology and conclusions are correct and I say you're full of shit. Do I? I'm sorry, where did I "seem" to say that? Oh that's right, I didn't, you're just saying that because it's an easy strawman to attack without actually addressing what I said. You're transparent, pal. &gt;All progressives like to think they're MLK Jr.* or Joan of Arc and that's so cute I just wanna pinch your cheeks. Not even close to what I actually said. It's laughably stupid how much of a stretch this is. &gt;You seemed to breeze right over this sentence I doubt you even understood it since nothing in your reply showed that. I breezed over it because it doesn't make any sense. You're casting a blanket over hundreds of million people and pretending like it applies to them instead of talking to me and finding out what I actually think. But you don't want to find out what I think, you want a boogeyman. Someone to demonize and pretend they're just all evil which makes you feel like you don't have to justify all the fucked up shit you do "because at least I ain't a LIBRUHL." It's the laziest possible way to think and it's absolutely infectious in conservatives and the right in general.
But you already put me in that category. Regardless just using blanket terms like "SJW" without defining what you mean is vapid and pretty much meaningless. I would wager that what you view as SLW and what I do is way different, where you're picking from the bottom of the barrel of women smearing period blood on themselves or something and I'm talking about people actually being progressive and trying to raise the floor for people who are actually disadvantaged, and you're going to try to make the claim that what we really want is to lower the ceiling.
People who have had a fair amount of post HS education have a tendency to be both liberal and atheist. Does that mean education has liberal principles? Or maybe reality is just bias to the left. Or maybe there's some reasons we could actually investigate as to why that's the case.
What is postmodern marxism to you? Because I know people throw these terms around all the time when they usually mean something entirely different.
Yeah that's kinda what I expected. Peterson throws around those terms and he fucks it up all of the time so I really didn't think you'd be able to do better but I did think you'd actually try. Oh well. Socialism is the future and having an imaginary friend in the sky isn't something to brag about.
No, this is just how I react to dishonesty. All I asked for was clarification on your initial claim and I got a "I could tell you but I won't dumb atheist" which to me rings every intellectually dishonest bell that there is to be rung. Like when I ask you to show where I straw manned you you're either not going to give me an example and completely ignore that you made the claim or you're about to quote something that isn't a strawman and when I explain exactly why it isn't you're just going to ignore that and move on because you're not being honest. And when we cross that line of course I'm going to show open contempt for your bullshit.
Jobs had one of the few types of cancer that was totally treatable with a very high success rate on top of having the best doctors and access to the best medicine in the world and he ignored ALL of that in favor of veggies.
Bingo. That's the Peterson way. Say whatever the fuck you want and never back it up.
You know being progressive doesn't mean *every* belief you hold is progressive, right? Of course you don't. But regardless I'm not the one who needs to read up here. You're still young, you'll learn eventually.
Yeah. Freeing the slaves, what tyranny. What horror. How was that a bad thing again? Mind explaining it to me? This ought to be fun because you're either not going to answer, your answer is going to be atrocious, or you're going to say it was fine but I'm still wrong because "nuh-uh." Prove me wrong.
Arguing? What argument have you made? Hah! "Progressivism is bad! It leads to tyranny!" "Except it led to all these good things." "IGNORE!" How predictable.
Yes it is. Because what you're thinking of is hierarchy and not social hierarchy. A social hierarchy is the classes of people in the country, like the poor and the rich. There can still be a political hierarchy.
Yeah. Had that conversation yesterday where someone said Progressives are all ignorant and I pointed out that society almost always moves toward progressive ideas and his idea of a progressive is someone smearing menstrual blood on themself and my idea is someone who actually tries to raise the floor for groups that are actually disadvantaged. He responded by saying "Oh so that means I'm going to be smearing period on myself soon" as if to demonstrate my point flawlessly and then they blocked me.
Isn't NASCAR just a sped up version of what that would be?
Not to say there isn't some kind of shitty philosophy behind all of it. When you keep groups in-fighting they don't have as much time to sit around and think about how badly everyone is getting fucked by the rich, but to say this is all fabricated intentionally is a bit of a stretch. But we can only deal with a handful of things at a time, it's just how people work, so getting as much as an even playing field for everyone should be our focus.
Can't speak to that guy specifically but there was a couple flat earthers who got together and devised the virtual flat earth "hypothesis" that argues that god is real, and we live, at least in part, in a digital universe where the sun moves across a flat earth and then teleports back to the other side ala Pac-Man moving from one side of the screen to the other.
These are the same people who say "There's science in the bible!" and they'll cite a scripture that says something like "The earth hangs in space" or something and use a bunch of mental gymnastics and proudly declare that god is real, all the while thinking they're making cogent arguments. And then when you point out that bible also says bats are birds and that you can cure leprosy with bird blood they just ask you why you're angry at god and will never concede their initial argument.
No, it's not. You're just plain wrong which makes me think you aren't being genuine. The senate will say Trump is cleared of all charges and THAT would be the win for the Republicans. What you're saying is essentially going in on two pair when you know the other guy has a full house and he knows you have two pair. You NEED to fold that hand or you lose, but you're saying "Nah, go for it. Bet your wife too." as if that wouldn't end horribly. We know it will so why are you saying otherwise?
&gt;Sounds like you want big government to meddle with the free market. You don't happen to be a commie, do you? [Literally you](https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/btzvww/no_mr_president_china_didnt_steal_our_jobs/ep6a4y5/) Man it doesn't take you very long to flip exactly 180 degrees, does it? God you people have no scruples.
Whatever commie.
No. I'm say the strategy here is "Don't give Republicans an overwhelming victory and achieve practically nothing while doing it" and that's it. What you're proposing is suicide for the party. If we move to impeach now, they win when the senate clears Trump. End of story. How is that going to help us?
&gt;Again, you're comparing a sub whose intended purpose is to be biased to an overall political discussion sub whose purpose is not to be inherently biased You didn't bother to address justification, so you may as well not have said anything. Either respond to my point or don't, but don't do this half assed bullshit and waste both of our time. &gt;What exactly do you think downvoting anything you don't agree with accomplishes? I'm actually interested to hear why I literally said "Fake news" and not "stuff I don't agree with" but hey, you strawman it up buddy. You're clearly not interested in a discussion because both of your responses didn't bother to address anything I actually said, but you can try again.
You think Brady is better than Seaver? Tom "I spread more DNA than Genghis Khan" Seaver? Tom "I once hit a dying kid with a baseball so hard it knocked the cancer out of him" Seaver? Tom "Litterally the reason the dinosaurs are extinct except for birds but he's working on it" Seaver? I don't know who Tom Seaver is so you might be right.
I mean if people are calling out people for not being pro-gay *enough* I agree with you that's a shit behavior but honestly I'd rather have people being mega-pro-gay and then chilling out than still needing to fight the battle that they should be treated like people.
You can't know that as much as you repeat it. You're lying, but I guess that's OK when you lie for Jesus or whatever. And the Pascal's wager isn't convincing and hasn't been for a couple centuries.
&gt;The leftist ideology says one thing, but clearly wants another... "You guys say and act like you want a thing, but I'm going to announce that I'm about to strawman you whenever possible." &gt;Then why try and exclude white people from the definition of racism? Bingo. I didn't even read down this far before I knew you were going to strawman, I just didn't think it'd be the first sentence, but my bullshit radar is on point. We don't. The fringe groups that even the left denounces do that. This is the difference between the right and left. We criticize the rights leaders, you criticize the least among us. &gt;BLM wouldn't be chanting to kill policemen. And most of them don't. Once again you're just picking at the edges. &gt;The issue is that cops kill way more white people than black people. Not per capita and not even close. There's like 30% more white people shot by police despite blacks only being 12% of the population and White people being 75%. That's like a 3 to 1 difference of blacks being killed when you scale it properly. But of course you never bothered to look that up *because you don't care*. Stop with the dishonest bullshit, please.
So you don't know what liberal, extremism, monopoly or censorship means. Got it. If you want to respond with something that makes sense feel free but I'm not responding to this absolute nonsense.
No one knows if god exists or doesn't. It's unknowable. Just because you've convinced yourself that doesn't make it real.
Yeah or just film it. Seems like all the supernatural is just allergic to cameras. Strange that.
With no offense meant it's just funny that I find myself agreeing with beer_guns_n_tits about the metaphors in art depicting the freedom from chattel slavery. And you're right the other guy is just being a cunt and trying to find something negative about this because their biased, unthinking, smooth brain demands it.
Because none of those are so easily recognizable to represent the fact that both the feeling of being enslaved and then freed could be viewed as achieving kingly authority comparison or that now she does actually have some type of authority over life when previously having none? There's two very understandable and equally accurate metaphors that could both be true and you went with neither.
Yeah I know. Because you can't. That's why I said it. But hey, keep being a judgmental asshole I'm sure that works out great for people.
But I still kinda wish he went with a "Fuck you" went he walked offstage.
Are you taking time out of your nap to post this? Because I am.
Not to mention he seems like the absolute worst person to have a beer. If he says anything coherent it will just be about how great he is and how his daughter is the most fuckable person ever.
They do this shit all the time. They get outraged saying the left is outraged about something and their evidence is one person being mildly annoyed by something in a tweet with 9 retweets. I remember they did this with fucking cuphead. A handful of people said "Hey this a great chance to talk about that art style and how it used to be used" which they turn into "The left call cuphead racist and want it **banned!!**" and then every falls all over themselves about how sensitive the left is when they're the ones losing their minds over some people wanting to have a conversation.
All they did was publish the statement. They can't make the white house talk about it. When is the last time they even had a press conference? This just seems like a deliberate distraction to talk about reporters instead of, you know, Conway still having a job.
Worse. "Reality" TV host. Bob Barker wouldn't have fucked up this much.
And this is just you declaring they didn't do anything else. Do you work there? Because if you do and you know this then maybe you should do what you're saying you're not doing instead of replying to me, and if you don't how the fuck do you know this is the case? Oh wait, you don't, you're just an asshole.
So I know I've seen tankies explained before but I'm not sure I get it. They're socialist/communist warmongers? How do they justify that?
Thanks for the breakdown. I was a little off.
No, but why are we pretending they're right? It's faulty thinking, point that out.
If there's 1 nazi at a table and 11 other people just hanging out you have a dozen nazis.
It also says god sends bears to kill children who mock his prophets hair loss. Not to mention there seems to be a disconnect between a perfect deity and work that is B-. Like it would take god literally no effort to do better but he just shrugs and goes "Good enough for government work amirite? Guys?"
While I don't believe I'm not trying to take belief away from people but I do find it is important to correct harmful beliefs and acknowledge reality together because without that we can't work together. For a minor example: &gt;One thing I’ve learnt, God created you to be you You didn't learn that. You believe it. And I'm sure that's how you meant it as well but you're being a bit fuzzy in your language. Not that you are writing a research paper and expected to be judged like that but it's still a good thing to say what we actually mean and try to be precise with language.
Ok guys, let's be real here. I know I'm a Hindu and all but beef is pretty fucking good right? Also you all know how much of a proponent of renewable energy I am, and that's why I'm spending $45,000 to turn all of my appliances into coal powered monster machines. Now I'm late for work where I claim to do something positive but then demonstrate exactly the opposite yadda yadda you get the point.
There's just not as many predators for horses that there are for Zebras so Zebras build fleeting family attachments. They're essentially the "Your big brother from age 8-17" where his main goals was to run away and leave you behind so he can hang out with his friends and not have to babysit. A Zebra can be trotting along and go "There goes uncle Jake and all of my cousins. Oh well. Johnny what are you doin-- ah shit a Lion ate you too. Linda! Whatup gurl!" because if they stay behind to help they're probably just going to get fucked too. Horses didn't have that problem as much and as a result were able to build strong family bonds which makes them much more amenable. Also for some reason Zebras duck and horses don't.
I was homeschooled because my parents didn't want me hanging out with the "worldly" kids. I mean they used the excuse at the time that I was ahead of my class and my brother was behind so we should go at our own speed, but if you've ever just left a 14 year at home all day with a textbook and expect them to just read it and take tests you're going to be disappointed. Ended up getting my GED and getting out of there because **surprise** teenagers aren't necessarily great at teaching themselves math. But hey, gotta make sure your kids aren't introduced to anything that isn't Jesus.
Until he gets his ass kicked because the other side had iron chariots or gets into a wrestling match with a 20-something and tries to use the ol' dick twist to win.
&gt;The arguments against said statistical evidence barely change the numbers even with their misrepresentations. Most people wont even bet on odds that low. This doesn't mean anything. At all. Not everyone dies from malaria therefor jerking off is morally fine. Both what I just said and what you said convey the exact same information; None. &gt;Yes the conservative posters logic is flawed but hes saying the same about the op Except one is using the right numbers and has the evidence, and the other doesn't, therefor one is justified and the other isn't. This is like the simplest of concepts. &gt; and writing to differ on a few hundreths of a percent Which equates to 10's of thousands of peoples lives. Why would you try to downplay thousands of lives? Are you a monster or a moron? &gt;a few hundreths of a percent in one scenario and from 70 to 56 in another that is statistically a MONSTROUS jump and you're trying to write it off like it's irrelevant. Just because you don't understand anything at all about statistics or how significant that is it doesn't mean it's irrelevant. If a statistician found a discrepancy that big in someone else's work and it was being used to promote an ideology they'd probably be kicked out of academics or at least shamed into silence because that's a big fucking deal. &gt;And that large percent showed hiw biased gun studies are in favor of restriction. And now you just claim bias without evidence, because as if you want to demonstrate that you're exactly the kind of person I said you were here is that lazy ass thinking on full display. &gt;The only slightly convincing evidence being on the effects of gun laws on suicide rates. Oh ok, so it is that you just don't care about thousands of people. Monster it is your amoral piece of shit. &gt;Im sure someone could easly find some research that proves otherwise. "It's so easy I'm not even going to bother but as long as I pretend this is possible I can stay in the center where I'm comfy and get to pretend to be superior but I'm sure as hell not going to take the information provided here or look for my own because I'm a giant intellectual cunt." Why are you so intent on proving me right?
&gt;I havent denied a single piece of evidence simply discussed them in a civil manner. Only.person ive denied is your trifling ass. In regards to the evidence presented: &gt;And that large percent showed hiw biased gun studies are in favor of restriction. &gt;Im sure someone could easly find some research that proves otherwise. Then when asked to provide that: &gt;Yes there are tons of polls and statistics collected through faulty polling and collection methods to support any number of positions. You have repeatedly claimed that evidence provided is biased and there is evidence to disprove it, but you just deflect every single time. So clearly you don't know what denial means but calling something biased *without* demonstrating it is denial. You might want to invest in a dictionary or maybe elementary school because I don't really trust you to read the thing on your own. &gt;Ive played devils advocate the whole time andndone a wonderful job cuz you just cant leave me alone. Devils advocate brings up actual counter arguments to a point even if they agree with that point which you clearly don't. Devils advocate doesn't mean "I got a response from someone" it means "I don't agree with this position but I can see X being an argument" which you haven't done at all. Now you need a dictionary and a book of idioms. This might take you the next 15 years. &gt;Your obviously distraught and have much thinner skin then you claim I do. That's adorable. The guy who has been whining because of "GRRRR someone said mean things" is definitely the alligator skinned one. Is there anything you don't get almost entirely wrong? I'm struggling to imagine you putting shoes on the correct foot. &gt;Youd probly snitch on anyone and everyone you coward. Hhahahahaha what the fuck even is this? "Fuck you and your logical points you're just a snitch, that is definitely a valid argument!" Oh my dear Jebus. Wow. Actually have to catch my breath a bit because that caught me off guard. Too funny. You must be under 20 because no one in the real world deals with "snitches." No one respectable anyways. Thanks for the laugh though. I haven't seen a comment so entirely inane in quite a while, it's a rarity.
Nah if you watch the video all the way through it takes like 10 minutes.
Whoa, you need to calm down. If people cared about Trump being a known criminal he'd already be impeached. A massive swathe of people clearly do not care or refuse to see that he is. They haven't cared now and I can't see an impeachment hearing doing anything to convince them considering everything Trump has already done.
A little while ago it was "Kaepernick's protest is offensive to the military." Like motherfucker we didn't join the military to suck Trumps dick, we did it for many many reasons, one being the constitution. While it isn't perfect it's got us this far and probably worth keeping for the most part and part of that is the right to peaceful protest. You could entirely disagree with Kaep's protest (you shouldn't) but holy shit are you a dumbass for saying it's disrespectful.
I actually got War of northern agression'd a little while ago. It's shocking people can be that wrong.
Ok, I should say conservatism is **portrayed** to be coming from those values. I'm not defending conservatism here.
Yeah not a good look for him. I know one guy who somehow managed a 2 year active duty contract and I'm positive you can't get shorter than that so 18 months means he didn't leave by regular means.
Once you adopt the label of "incel" you are absolutely doing it by choice.
It's just so unfortunate. All of us want to hear someone we care about say they think we're sexy, even (internet?)celebrities. Although I don't know who Bella Thorne is I know she's a person. Being put in this situation because you were trying to be intimate with someone is just awful, and them having to put them out there just to take away their power? That's terrible. I'm glad she had the courage to do that than to cowtow to some asshole but it's just saddening. If there's not a page to support her right now there should be.
Well no, probably not. The problem is unless you somehow secure the nickels in the handset they're still going to move around as the handset is tilted, which would just be obnoxiously problematic. It works as a told joke because if you start thinking about it you can easily see the flaws so if it's shown it would absolutely stand out. This is why you don't over analyze comedy, when you realize a comedian didn't actually run into some wacky guy who did wacky thing then the jokes start losing effectiveness.
Poor Leon Lett. Fantastic football player for years and years and he's almost entirely remember because he made 2 ridiculous fuckups.
No one cares unless they're worried about becoming one of "them" because they're doing something that's a problem.
What in the possible fuck good would baby organs be?
That sounds like more right wing propagandists and russiabots trying to spread defeatism. I mean some of it is probably genuine, I've seen a lot of justifiably sad liberals but I think there's many more who are just pissed the fuck off.
He's either a scientologist or has at least partially bought into their "Psychiatry is evil" stance that Hubbard took when psychologists told him Dianetics was shit.
And that's the thing. People also don't realize that this isn't just slavery, this is also about redlining and Jim Crow and other shit we did as late as the 70's or later that are still having massive and direct impacts today. So the government offering an incentive for an extra job for a black guy is the fucking least we can do.
*Somewhere.* We draw the line somewhere, but we at least try to give a shit like the civilized country we pretend we are.
Did you read my post? I already explained that. Republicans ripped apart all of the committees we had who would research shootings because part of researching shootings means you're discovering anti-gun data with everything else. That is something we need to fix.
Well it's the same thing with young earth creationism (Shocker that the venn diagrams of the two are just a smaller circle inside a larger circle.) The conclusions are assumed true. Blacks are bad. The earth is 6000 years old. Rich people are good. God exists. Then they just do anything they possibly can to try to build a case for those conclusions which is why their arguments are always terrible. A good argument starts at the observation and then builds from it, but when you try to build from the conclusion you may as well be playing Jenga on the ceiling.
And his base is fine with being fucked over as long as they "own the libs," The things we want are beneficial to 99% of the country but rich people get on TV and say "Don't listen to the people who want to help you because we have money" and a hundred million people go "Yeah ok." It is fucking flabbergasting.
Wait, Kevin Smith and Dawson's Creek is where you draw the line of pretentiousness? I'm going to have to get a shovel to find your bar.
If you're going to rail against AOC on research, which might have a bit of truth to it, you must be reviled by the GOP doing that every single day when it comes to just about everything and when they were throwing snowballs in the senate to disprove climate change I imagine you literally died from an aneurysm.
Well I wasn't old enough to be hired.
James woods too, who was also in a version of Hercules. Just a sad coincidence.
You don't know how true that rings.
r/enlightenedcentrism
Nah, just a place to mock people like you. You only look at extremes and declare yourself superior to them rather than engaging in honest conversation with rational ideas, exactly what you did above by categorizing feminists as all being extremists. It's not honest, it's not intelligent, and it's not helpful.
No. I have no fucking clue what you're even trying to say.
Did you just ask him a question and then pretended he answered you and then used that pretend answer to try to make him look stupid? Because you definitely succeeded in making someone look stupid.
Except in the other comments where I have given you two examples of Nazis, one getting a nomination for a congressional GOP seat which means enough people on the right supported a Nazi in order to do that, and a rally of white republicans chanting "Jews will not replace us." If you're denying those are right wingers or if you're denying they exist, why aren't you trying to engage with reality? And if you're not denying those things, why are you pretending this isn't a nazi problem on right since we have clear examples of nazis on the right?
Yeah, like a new war with Iran and helping Nazis gain GOP seats, something you still haven't addressed, for the third time.
"I'm not a Trumpist! I'm just going to defend all of the things they do and use their terms!" Wow. Took you like two comments from saying "I'm not one of them" to expose yourself. Amazing.
Which also includes sex slavery. I'm purely anti-religious ideas that are harmful which includes Islam, Christianity, and Judaism, but simply saying "This old book say this!" when we see people aren't doing that is only an argument against the book and not the people. As someone who has been in a Muslim majority country for quite some time Slavery really isn't a big problem there. So I guess my question to you is are you just bringing up an irrelevant problem for a reason or not?
&gt;The books support that, are they above criticism? &gt;I'm purely anti-religious ideas that are harmfu It's like you didn't even read. &gt;Yes...? I haven't said anything about any people. The conversation above wasn't about the Qur'an, so yes, clearly you were, you fucking illiterate turnip.
Ok, well Omar's whole family fled during the Somali civili war and were all granted refugee status, so she and he so called brother would have had the same civil status in America. Not to mention the guy who was claimed to be her brother was a British citizen, not a Somali. Reasoning is impossible when you come at us from pure fantasy. You're just a racist asshole.
This is the dumbest definition of authoritarianism I've ever heard. By your logic, if I want to go to the bar but I can't because I have a young child at home and no babysitter, by your definition that kid is being authoritarian to me. If I can make children into the oppressors under your definition, your definition is objectively stupid.
&gt;Nah, it's not the child oppressing you. It's your personal attachment to the child If my personal attachment to someone can be authoritarianism, then authoritarianism exists between me and a homeless guy who I feel I could give a dollar, and that's the fucking dumbest thing I've ever heard. &gt;You'd be oppressing yourself biologically Nevermind, somehow you out-dumbfucked yourself. That is beyond impressive. &gt;which is no different than the natural "authoritarian" forces that bind us to survival processes like finding food. Notice how you put authoritarian in quotes there? You did that because you realized how absolutely retarded it is to use authoritarian to describe **hunger**. How can you be this stupid? Please, can you explain it? Of course not, you're an absolute imbecile. There is nothing you can say that is important for me to hear when you have mentally gymnastic-ed your way from banning nazis to FUCKING HUNGER being oppressive. Literally nothing you can say after that can be taken with any amount of seriousness.
Oh, you sad boys are really sad, aint'cha? You're not even trying. Go outside or something. Edit: Slick edit there fucko. Original comment was Islamophobic bullshit, this is how these half-brains spend their time.
Slick edit there fucko. Original comment was Islamophobic bullshit, this is how these half-brains spend their time.
You ain't lyin'.
Please keep going.
The funny thing is you probably think you're being super clever. "Oh I'm gonna post something bigoted and then switch it out and pretend I'm a muslim while promoting an anti-muslim agenda, and then those dumb libs will have to decide whether to upvote me because I'm a fake muslim or downvote me because I'm really just a homophobe and the fake religion is irrelevant. Oh wait I just answered my own question, or I would have if I had any self-awareness at all." Truer top-mindery I haven't seen before.
There's always good old fashioned fundamentalists who think all science is the work of the devil and shit, we could always bring them back.
Oh yeah, because threats of violence are definitely how we know people are correct.
Welcome, hope it helps.
https://www.battlefields.org/learn/primary-sources/declaration-causes-seceding-states When you respond to that we'll get together.
They're called pharisees and they're described all the fucking time. What are you even on about?
"But you didn't even see our dining facility! They get toilets to drink out of and we feed them by taking handfuls of candy corn and throwing it at their face from dangerously close distances!"
But creators are still out that money while they have to deal with a problem that they did nothing to deserve. So they get screwed and have to put the effort in because a shitty corporation is using a defective system that has basically no repercussion all so they can make .0000007% of their annual income.
Even if it were the same thing (It's not) even the last line of that blog fucks your point because the blog author says plain as day it might be intentional and it might not. That T_D post asserts at least twice in the title that this is intentional by the democrats. So even if it was a similar thing the scale of the claims being made are wildly different.
God I wish I could live in a fairy tale land like you where facts don't matter.
Nothing new to add, just thanks for demonstrating my point.
It was in the crab legs the whole time.
And the fact that you're comparing cigarettes, an item, to women, who are people, is entirely the problem to begin with.
&gt;that endlessly highlight and mock groups that sort of have a good point once in a while. That's like describing AIDS as a great way to lose weight.
&gt;Im not concerned for me, I do ok, just less well than before You're doing well enough to invent an excuse for how hard it is? Ok. &gt;I don’t appreciate the name calling. I laid out my reasoning, it's the only conclusion I can come to. I mean, feel free to point out where I erred and then I'll change my mind. &gt;Since you’ve gone through it, it must not be societal problem. But it's literally not. When I fixed some of my issues I didn't fix society, I fixed myself. The person. Me. Personal. It's a personal problem. I'm not sure how else to explain to you that is the definition of what a personal problem is.
&gt;I'm talking about addictions from within the self. Yes, again, you're making a comparison to women and addiction. You've already assumed the conclusion by using that analogy because you're framing it as something that SHOULD be gotten rid of. That entire mindset is the whole issue here. I don't care about what you're trying to say with your dumb little analogy because what I'm telling you is that "Women are bad like smoking" isn't anything anyone here is going to agree to because that mindset is shitty and childish.
&gt;It's tribalism. You enter this sub, you judge posts from within the frame of mind this sub perpetuates. You got cause and effect backwards. I'm here because the stuff that's posted here is stuff that I pretty much have already reasoned is nonsense &gt;Things can often be entirely taken out of context with full disregard for the real opinions and values of the speaker, then turned into something that results in the speaker being personally demonized and labeled under some shameful term. That's possible, but that's why this place isn't my scripture. I don't look at it to tell me how things are. Some of the stuff here is nonsense that people are trying to use to make a narrative. But a lot of it is absolutely genuine crazy ass shit, like the post above, and 97% of everything you've said. You're justifying its existence right now. And believe me, it's hilarious.
Fair, but he needs to learn when he does have time because he's getting scared and just bolting.
I was wondering if there was some kind of analytics on that that we're not aware of.
I mean, obviously it shouldn't be a TD but man would Houston have exploded if it was.
Martin got crushed. Kudos on hanging onto the ball.
Drink liquid brain pillow and head works. What so hard to understand?
Kinda like babies. Obviously you'd save them, but you're not sure how much you really want them around.
Damn. Eagles are hyped enough to get me hyped. LET'S HIT SOMEBODY!
You guys giving Lockett shit but the Professionals sell shit all the time because they know how to get the call if you give them the chance. You're not supposed to give them the chance.
Clapping is OUT. LOS passes are my new best friend. Did I even do that right? Ah who gives a fuck. Hope McCarthy has learned but I still have nightmares of just an infinite loop of Rodgers taking a snap, turning to his left and throwing it to Jordy for -1 yard.
Oh. He called you dude. Pointing that out definitely shows how strong your case is. I know that when I'm trying to make a case for something I'll stop doing that entirely and point out when people address me informally. It's how people know how smart I am. Also...what? In person...? Oh, you're not even trying are you? Bored.
It's ok, it's just for some of us reading not know your other posts it looks like you're almost pretending to be OP. But I get it, just missing some context. All good man. Sorry about your pal too. Friends are the family we pick because they give us something no one else does and it's impossible to replace that. You just have to remember how lucky you were to have it at all.
Anyone can run with the proper motivation and I think Buckner coming after your biscuits is enough.
Nice, kind, down to earth people have personal problems we don't often see all the time. You can be a nice person who has some personality issues, it's really how you deal with those issues that defines what kind of a person you're gonna be.
See, I really appreciate that. And I would be more than happy to have a good natured conversation about god or the religious role in ethics, but if you say your politics are based on your religion then we can no longer have a conversation, it becomes an argument.
And it seems to me that there may be a correlation between the people who cry absolute freedom and those that think responsibility is a vague term.
Don't worry, it'll pass. A while ago it was calling everything and everyone ignorant. Then it was "You're using rhetoric." Now it's dialectic and there's probably been a few dozen I missed.
To be fair, fuck just about every corporation, but that doesn't make everyone else a shill.
"If I suck balls you are the king of suck balls mountain!"
Let's not get hasty now, we can talk about this.
That Rodgers throw was fucking incredible though. Can't believe it wasn't just a throw away.
Kittle is washed cut him.
You guys got Mack already and we need some receiving weapons. It's only fair.
Report Dalvin for throwing.
No. 31 teams teams a year don't win the Superbowl, but the Vikings self-destruct at some point after looking like a competetive team most years. They're the winningest team in football (and probably other sports) that don't have a title. They fall apart in a magnificent fashion.
Has happened every year. People get super high on him, he flubs a bunch, people say he's inconsistent and then forget it the moment he has another good streak. It's amazing to me.
Probably won't happen but hey, Go Titans. You guys deserve something nice.
I mean, I'm rooting for them but they shouldn't win this game.
Ravens need a make-up call for that late hit call. Tanny hadn't even touched out. Titans should only get a FG here.
Yeah, and Tannehill isn't even Hawaiian.
I'm all for acknowledging womens struggles in the workplace because it's a real thing, but having a commercial suggesting you fixed that problem with your website is just a huge kick to the clit of women in general.
Ah, gotcha. I'm a bit slow sometimes.
I found the Chiefs guys. They were under this rock.
Tony Romo doing that fantastic Mickey impersonation made me spit coffee. I am a proud Romosexual.
Romo is pure fucking gold and he has great chemistry with Nantz, who ain't bad.
With ketchup.
Because we learn how words work?
Yes. People are complaining about the desperate DBs straight up holding every single play being called for holding.
Was literally gonna say "BoB may as well just punt here and give up" and then the madman called my bluff.
I expect our game later to be ugly because they all have been, but not this ugly. Like, our games are ugly-sweater ugly. Ugly, but fun. This game is war crimes ugly.
I feel like this game is pretty much 50-50. All of our games have been ugly and Russ can turn on either some magic which will surely shave years off my life or some big time Garbage.
God damnit Jimmy, pick up your fucking feet.
Hey, even if the fumble wasn't clearly recovered according to the rules it was still a fumble, shouldn't have been blown dead, would have been our ball. It's still a fuckup, and the Hawks still got away with it. So all you smug assholes being like "lol you don't even know the rules" are missing the whole point.
I am Wooo guy, ask me anything.
No, because I hate you all.
Seahawks are just boring today. Come on, do something Seahawky.
I've been drinking.
Mahomes would eat us up if we couldn't get to him, but our offense could do plenty to their D as well. They probably win 3/4 games but we have a shot.
I mean, he just gave him a big ol' surprise hug from behind. That's not so bad is it really? Everyone likes hugs.
SNUBBED
We saved all of our Slant points for the Playoff. Great budgeting by LeFleur.
[You need this](https://imgur.com/a/4WmR8l4)
Have you seen, like, everyone else in here?
Some of you bastards have no heart.
Watch how many trolls show up and call for a late hit because the Seahawk fell down out of bounds. Just watch.
I want to say we're playing soft, but I don't think that's the case. I think Carroll adjusted and we haven't.
SPY HIM. Holy fuck.
Except not.
The Russattle Wilsonhawks are a frustrating team.
Everyone gets away with holds every single game. People who complain about it are biased morons. There are some bad ones that get missed, but there's almost one every play.
The least slippery Wilson has ever been on that one play. Cherish it.
Rodgers is always getting stepped on. At this point I think he might have a fetish for it.
Time to show back up Defense. I hope LeFluer figured out to spy Wilson.
Well we probably should both be 7-2 because I can't pretend to those hands to the face calls against he Lions weren't bad.
We should have run PA there. We could have probably taken 8 seconds off if we went max protection and an incompletion shouldn't have mattered. But I'm not an NFL coach either so I should probably shut the fuck up.
Should be 4th and inches. But it should have been a fumble too.
Ok, but I did have one note.
And we both were at some point.
Because running your star QB every play isn't always the best strategy, especially if you don't have to. Try something else first. Russ has done that before, gotten hurt, and struggled to carry the team. But it is the playoffs, you should sell out to win, but there's still more games to play.
That's not how the surrender index works. It gets exponentially worse depending on the situation. The playoffs should be a X10.
Yeah. But because they killed Wentz on purpose and got away with it.
They're a sports network that runs all day but on any average day only has a few hours of sports news, tops. That means they have to fill the rest with something else. Sometimes it's thoughtful in depth shows, but mostly it's talking heads treating sports like politics.
Ok. Romo gets a live VR feed straight into his brain stem of an exact simulation of whats happening on the field so he can cast all games properly. Are we happy now?
The Packers and Seahawks had a controversial game and everyone 5 days old and younger were surprised.
Jerry Rice stole this mans baby when he left town!
Yeah. If Beastmode isn't good enough to get in "I'm just here so I don't get fined" sure as shit should be. But I bet a bunch of stuffy fuck HOF voters don't think so.
Do you think there's a deeper metaphor there?
The reffing in the whole game was not great for either side, but people do seem to have a very selective memory. I mean saying you have "additional footage" that the audience hasn't seen feels like amateur hour shit. Sure, we did get to see it, but not before everyone was already tearing their hair out.
And the problem is that those toxic ideas are the reason people think that, because they don't want to talk about it because it's "Womens studies feminist bullshit" which is exactly what you're describing. It's how a lot of guys think they're *expected* to react.
I'm an elite disabled vet who will probably never own a home.
Just want to say that I don't think we've verified that's the father. It could be the mom. Not here just to bash on women, and statistically that's a white dude, but there's plenty of women who agree with this shit too.
Throwing into triple coverage is badass.
Maybe (Probably), but Wilson is still a slightly younger class of QB and I think you'll definitely have a stronger case once Wilson hangs it up. Even Rodgers is hard to class with Brees and Brady and Peyton in the same 'generation' of QBs. 5-8 years is a long time in a QB career.
We've been in a strange position for a long time. Mostly successful means punching down is distasteful and punching across without being condescending is tricky (But this post did a pretty great job), but we're also too successful to really punch up effectively. Just needed to find some ways to navigate it.
Said she got tested and is 100% cat right in the lyrics. Couldn't possibly be more spelled out for you.
Same with Sam Shields. I mean he came back and seems to be doing fine, but hearing interviews about the migraines and shit he was having I really wish he'd stayed retired instead of risking more injuries.
And CTE doesn't seemed to be linked with concussions so much as just getting bumped on the head repeatedly and frequently. I'm sure the concussions make it so much worse (Oh yes I'm being slightly assumptive about medical science, sue me) but you don't even need them to still have long term head problems.
Yeah well I'm sure if the NFL took more responsibility about what it puts its players through we'd probably have higher tiers of care for these guys.
*Did
Uh...ok. First, about the verses? Those all imply that people are rebelling against a god they know exists, but their rebellion is the problem. If you're already concluding this is a rebellion, then you're implying god exists to rebel against, so you're already assuming god exists. So they're cheating, basically. As far as your conclusions from those verses...maybe someone else will touch that.
Hey whoa. What's DMX like?
https://sportsnaut.com/2020/01/watch-chiefs-damien-williams-flagged-for-petty-taunting-penalty-against-texans/ I mean, just watch him. This isn't giving a ball to a fan. The stare down, the "Here you go fucker", all of it screams taunt. You know he wasn't saying anything nice, either. I'm just saying he made his intentions incredibly clear and you can see it just from body language.
He's not just trying to be a prick. Your writing is incomprehensible without punctuation unless people want to spend three times as long trying to figure out what the fuck you were trying to say. It's not about policing anything, that dude was just courteously letting you know that you're wasting yours and everyone elses time by not spending a couple extra seconds to make your own shit make sense.
The team that wins is the one that plays a whole game today. The 49ers are a better team, but Jimmy G is still a young QB and the Pack have played very convincing football for shot amounts of time. If we can make Jimmy make some young QB decisions and put a gameplan together we have a shot.
I was a bandwagon fan as a kid, but just for Barry Sanders. Even though it pissed my grandma off you had to love Barry's game.
Andy Reid was never 13. He was born at 40 at least. For his first birthday he wanted a La-Z-Boy and a grill.
I fucking love Romo.
Whoa. Titans came out and showed their power and then Reid decided he needed to use his second form. Did he do it too early?
"Left a little early for the field change." Ok Jim, you get to have that one forever. That was good.
That's why we need rule adjustments. That was definitely a hold, but even the completed play that was interfered with was short. I don't think that should be an automatic first down.
Ok, but I gave you a reason I think it needs to be changed and you just went "Nuh-uh", so are you going to make a point or just make toddler arguments?
Vrabel better get Mahomes out of his comfort zone and quick or this game is gonna run away. Need to rattle him somehow.
I don't want to fail at it either. Kid looks like he's going to have a godly career if he's healthy.
Haven't seen Henry really break through the first line to actually start laying his weight into anyone. That line needs to give him some shots. That'll soften the D up quite a bit.
Tony, commentate my life please. I love you so much.
Smart of Vrabel to save the TO and just let it go to the 2 min, save it for open fields on offense. I mean, too little too late, but it's the right choice.
We only win ugly this year. Sorry, came down from management.
If you're telling me Rodgers is playing like ass, well then you're fucking wrong still.
Worst part is our tackling has gotten significantly better and it's still bad.
Salt.
Well that's the last thing anyone wanted. This late in the season every time a player goes down it just hurts everything. Hope it's just a stinger.
If we suck balls you are the king of suck balls mountain.
Only technically because we're already on the payroll.
Not to mention the right as a whole is fine with socialism for the rich. It's the poor they want to subject to capitalism.
I'm Santa Claus. PM me and you'll see.
&gt;Looks like you guys understand what Richard Spencer believes about as well as they do. He’s basically a woke leftist on the flip side of identity politics who wants a nice socialist state that’s only for white people with him at the top of course Shit, we're busted. This guy figured out the code. White Nationalism is actually leftist guys. Man, we were so close too. You get a gold star for probably saying the dumbest shit I'll read today and it isn't even lunch.
And it happened to a woman. Not saying Women can't be pieces of shit and it's nice to have some police accountability, but I guess she didn't bro down enough to get the department to pull for her.
&gt;Probably because there is a fundamental difference between belief and the acceptance of scientific fact. Not really, no. You're talking about the difference between beliefs you like and beliefs that are justified. I believe evolution happened, that's a belief that I hold. I believe it *because* there's mountains and mountains of evidence that all point in the exact same direction, but it's a belief all the same. Many people reject that evidence simply because they like their belief more, so we both have beliefs, it's just that mine are demonstrable.
&gt;Personal experiences can be trusted Can they? I'm pretty sure we don't have to pull a bunch of examples where that isn't the case because I'm sure every one of us have had faulty memories. Those are untrustworthy experiences. So no, personal experience is categorically not evidence.
Because you're giving them something to ruin.
Ok, that's a goalpost shift. You just swapped from "evidence" to "learn". You're playing fast and loose with your words here and that doesn't really fly.
No, that's all incredibly childish. My personal experience of the evidence does nothing to the evidence. My experience is an interpretation of the evidence, one that we should both be able to agree on provided we live in a shared reality. That evidence still has to exist separately from my experience and yours in order to even **be** evidence **by definition**. You have the entire situation backwards. To put it another way: If it is not separate from anyones personal experience it **cannot** be evidence.
Run blocking too. Pushing that guy OUT of the running lane. That's not just stopping someone, that's manhandling them.
And one of those juggernauts, FFXIV, actually did a near complete rebuild on their game after full release because it was trash and now it's one of the highest rated MMOs ever.
If you honestly thought they had endless funding then you don't know how any of this works. But that's a nice goalpost shift for you there. Other MMOs are useful examples of when things are bad, but not when they're good.
Sure, look at all the indie MMOs that are entirely designed around the idea of being F2P and P2W and then you can see that this is a different breed than that. So if you're going to generalize into "MMOs" when it's convenient and then call it "Indie" when it's not, you're not even being consistent in your criticism.Why stop at MMOs? There's tons of AAA and Indie games in general that are just plain trash and never deliver on what they promise whether they have the funds or not. So why even bother playing games at all? You see how silly and absurd all of this reductionism is?
Yeah I mean I have no life experience. I've been to war, had kids, looked around at different religions, tried to build a moral framework I can both justify and feel good about as person. But you're probably right. Dismiss me as some who can only use reddit talking points (Which will change whenever convenient for you) if that makes you feel better. That's definitely how we progress as a species.
That's a scotch and cigar dog if I've ever seen one.
Gotta remember you're trying to educate everyone, including the morons who don't get it the first 20 times, like me. It's not fair, but most people will not take media critically, it's just a thing that happens. It's completely external. They will not use it as a tool to consider their own issues, or if they do, it's a reminder of things they don't like so they just avoid it.
I don't get the people that don't care. I get that fandom is complicated, but it would make it very hard for me to cheer for the packers if they were involved in something heinous like that. I would *want* it rectified, sure as shit wouldn't spend any energy defending it.
Joe Buck gets a lot of hate, but he has a sense of humor about it. More than you can say about a lot of people. https://www.funnyordie.com/2014/1/30/17938548/joe-buck-s-failed-super-bowl-promo
It's not often you see actors *want* to do their lines. I mean, they want to nail the punchlines, but Driver was just tickled every time he got to say something because he wanted to say it.
Maybe, maybe not. Maybe you could explain to that person why you think it doesn't mesh with the other intended mechanics and you could start a sub-conversation about that, or at least give them an explanation first. If they become hostile or petty in retaliation, now you've hit a point where you're off topic and the downvotes should come it to show people that's not how you have a conversation, not a "shut up dummy" button for people who might just genuinely not understand.
Rolled triple 1's earlier. Had a little giggle to myself that it was probably the rarest thing I've seen.
Gonna sound like an old man by saying "Kids these days are spoiled" but I remember playing FFXI for 2 years and it took one and a half of those just to reach max level. This isn't remotely close to that. At least in this game you can make your own economy. Find out things that players want and try to get them for cash, or just grinding out the guys you'll need for breeding anyways and releasing the rest, etc. There's tons of options for making money, but because there's a lack of content the Devs have to make that something of a challenge.
True, but you can make money on the discord too. Just go grind out Tems that are popular for breeding, grab some 50's from that bunch and sell'm. thought it was gonna be a hassle but I'd give a shot, things went pretty smoothly though. Planning on doing some more today and then just buying some perfects.
Not to undercut myself, but there's some popular Tems that have some drastically different gender ratios. Farming those and selling the rarer gender can be some decent change. All the people I've dealt with have been pretty friendly too, if a little bit hurried.
Well it's not, really. It's just a process. But that's the beauty of it. You don't have to do the whole process because trading exists. You can fit yourself anywhere in that process that you want to be and provide resources to other people for cash, and then use that cash to buy something a breeder is making. You make your own economy here.
Sure, I'm not saying everyone has access to his market, only that there's options. Making a mil is obviously a bit ridiculous (And is essentially the very structure of capitalism which show the unfairness...wait, which sub am I in? Oh yeah, right, Temtem) but there's a lot of other players out there looking for stuff that you can help with.
Not off the top of my head, I know there's some sites that do it (TemTemStrategy or something?) but my go to's are Raibers and Ocearas. Raibers are mostly male so the females are rarer and fetch a decent price if you're not a greedy asshole. You're catching and releasing so you're grinding out money anyways (And the volcano area isn't terrible for that with a decent setup) so selling the SVs I'm not using to effectively double the grind income is pretty nice.
It's a hobby not a career. Unless you stream it on twitch.
That's probably not even true. The royals do make some money, but they cost a shitton that's not accounted for in 'Salaries'. Plus, they don't even need it. They're still celebrities, even if you take back what the commonwealth should own they're not going to be begging in the streets.
&gt;It is actually Which part? That they put a lot of money into the system? Sure, but they take a lot out. So the part that isn't true is about them putting more money in, and if you're stating that they are, in fact, beneficial in that regard, then I want to know how you account for all of their expenditures when the people actually writing the checks have a hard time figuring it out. So unless you're an actual Wizard/Accountant you don't have the ability to say that it is, in fact, true. &gt;Not to mention that unless there is a communist revolution in the UK the Royal family would be richer and less taxed then they are today if Britain was a Republic. Oh yeah? Well if polar bears had thumbs they'd be better hitchhikers. Now we've both said equally unrelated and frankly unsupported things.
Once again, that 60 million isn't all expenses. The Royalty still cost dozens of times that for a variety of other reasons. These aren't just simple clear cut and defined numbers and you treating them like you are either means you're uniformed, or you're pushing an agenda. In either case you're clearly not able to properly speak on the topic.
Nuance? More like....get the fuck outta here with that. Got'm.
&gt;First of all your wish for art pieces to be destroyed tells me everything i need to know about you. Wow. You can't even strawman correctly. I mean, you can't just straight make shit up about me because I mentioned the word "art". At least when you're pretending the buildings are falling apart you could trick some rubes, but this is outlandish even for an idiot. Please do me a favor and quote me where I said any art should be destroyed. After you can't do that because it didn't happen, kindly remove your head from your own ass and realize how bad you are at *this*.
Oh, so you're a troll then. Got it.
They'll always add an extra step that doesn't exist that's required for them to be a racist or a Nazi while saying the things you'd probably hear from a racist or a Nazi.
You're really missing the entire point.
If you read the dialogue for those encounters in the fort (and a lot of other places) it's pretty funny because the characters comment on exactly that. That said, if you just comment on it and still do it, it's still silly. But at least they have the self-awareness to acknowledge the silliness.
Considering they've been doing it for a couple centuries now they must have something.
See, when I was being you, I paraphrased what you actually said. You're just making shit up. You're talking about citizenship like it's the point when it's not. The point was and always has been that Nazis are a more significant problem than what you do about the Nazis because if the roles were reversed we wouldn't be having a fun little chat about how you somehow got to the conclusion that I'm authoritarian because I was highlighting the nuances of privileges and issues that arise from those nuances that are complicated to solve. We'd being in death camps instead. Fun. You and Chucklefuck the clown up there both can't get over the hurdle of that situation being objectively worse than whatever the alternative is. Even if I was an authoritarian jackass, clearly I wouldn't be one that's a fan of Nazis *and that's still better*. I'm not, that's just how you need to think in order to explain why you aren't understanding this, but that's ok too.
Lumas are guaranteed 3 50s. I think I saw one roll 4 with pretty good other stats too, but you will have at least 3.
He's still in the mines.
I'm not arguing the opposite, I'm saying there's no argument to be made because it doesn't **mean anything**. If there was ANY point to be gleaned at all here, as I've told you twice now, it's that both issues stem from corruption and greed, so you're not comparing two different problems, they're both the same problem. Look, I'll try to make this as easy as possible for you. Let's say you're right *and* you're making a valid point, let's grant all of that. Then what? What conclusions are you drawing from that? What is your solution? How does the knowledge that these two things both being terrible in their own regard but one being at least slightly worse contribute to anything meaningful?
&gt;They truly believe that no government means more freedom. But what they miss is that power only moves somewhere else. If the government doesn't have it, then a corporation gladly will gobble it up, along with you. Not to mention....*This is already pretty fucking close to reality guys*. It's not a solely Conservative problem, but it is one for pretty much every member of the GOP. They're already bought. They've created industries out of the prison system just so they could be bought *more*.
&gt; but if someone is really dedicated to doing it they are going to find a way with or without a gun. Your exact words.
So many people stayed home though and that was barely keeping stuff in check. Yes, TONS of idiots, but tons of not idiots that COULD have been idiots that would have gotten more idiots infected who would have then gotten MORE idiots infected and then we have a meltdown.
They straight up are the bad guys. People will say "You're over reacting, this is just a troll" but this is how the conservative machine works. Take whatever position is necessary to contradict your enemy. Doesn't matter if it's true, or if you believe in it, [doesn't matter if you're going to say exactly the opposite in 30 seconds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkzGAmuFHW8). There's no values behind any of the words because they only operate on their assumptions, and they think every one else does exactly that too. That's why they're fine with it. In their heads we don't actually care about the cops murdering Black people in public in broad daylight, we just want to be *right*. They don't understand that this isn't just about gaining leverage or scoring points to get 'our guy' in place. They treat it like a team sport where Brand Loyalty is the most Honorable achievement, like dying gloriously on the battlefield used to be, because that's how they got people to be blindly loyal enough to die for them.
NO!! IF IT ISN'T ELITIST AND PURE THEN WHAT IS EVEN THE POINT?! We're gonna make our own Leopards post, and if anyone tried to make a post about hypocrisy instead of irony we'll murder their pets.
Can't say I necessarily agree with any of your assessment. There's a kernel of truth in all of that but your conclusions seem to jump way too far. Pointing out hypocrisy is good, pointing out how much they don't care about the hypocrisy is also good. Boiling politics down to just being about power is skipping a whole lot about responsibility and ethics and how that power should be able to be exercised. And "defeating your enemies" is an ENTIRE can of worms on its own, but no. Most people want to INCLUDE everyone and convert them peacefully, not destroy. That's a lot of shit you're projecting. And then the part about libs complaining about being nice which the right bitches about 'The war on christmas' and 'Look out for the poor billionaires' and 'Don't kneel during mah sports' just goes to show that your perspective on this is seems to have a fatal skew. And none of this is to say that the Libs don't deserve criticism, they absolutely do. Complacency, shitty half-assed policies, shiftless moderates swinging to whatever position is more personally convenient as soon as the conversation becomes about them, and plenty of other problems. Just not the right wing talking points you're bringing up. That shit is all distraction from the actual problems.
Except here you are, attacking them. And again, there's LEGITIMATE grievances, but if you're so fucking smart why are you using shitty childish conservative talking points like "The libs are just a bunch of sissy poop head snowflakes!" Pretty hard to take any of this seriously while you're literally just slinging shit.
Hey, Sealion, look, a fish. Go get it.
The Learian quality he's referring to specifically is basically how the King gets beaten the only thing he can do is impotently rage about it the whole time.
They *beleive*. But that's the problem. They have trained themselves that their belief is **the most important thing**. Not the justification of the belief, but the belief itself. That leads down a rabbit hole of building your entire worldview from the top down, starting with your conclusions and then only working backwards from there. It's why Conservative rhetoric has the same holes and flawed logic, because it all works the same way. It's also why they rely so much on distracting you from asking questions.
You're really just jumping from reddit thread to reddit thread to come up with some backwards ass reasoning for why conservatives/cops *might* not be in the wrong. Your sensitivity is showing. Or maybe it's your flawed worldview that you're scrambling to hold together.
She's gonna come out and try to become the 4th lady or some shit, just doing some sister-wives distraction for our reality show nation. Evangelists will become polygamists by Dinner, and Ted Cruz will offer up his own wife to Trump Via tweet and say he was thinking about doing it anyways.
We've got the pictures, we've got the video, and the CDC said it was definitely teargas. YOUR CDC. Fuck you you lying bastards.
"It wasn't tear gas." No, it was CS gas, which is concentrated tear gas. They need to stop letting them dodge that shit.
"Did actions." He tweeted. She means he tweeted. She's calling that 'Bold action.' Like he's their star child who can never do any wrong and the rest of the entire GOP are just proud, fawning parents.
You don't have to live with the consequences of dying for your country.
Airing out the Brees.
That's almost the problem. There's so many problems that need resources and for the lower class to get anyone to fight for them they have to figure out how to give from the nothing they have or hope there's people with means just willing to be benefactors, so basically one thing that's nearly impossible and another that's just supremely unlikely, and that's just yet another part in the fight for equality.
YES! We fucking nailed it. So glad to see Green and Gold stepping up.
So the 'Racketeering' charge is just the soliciting of freely given donations and then spending that money in completely legal ways? Oh my god guys. Everyone who has ever had a youtube channel is ANTIFA. This goes way deeper than we thought.
ALWAYS identify intention before you read bullshit the cops put out. They're ONLY there to defend themselves, not be held accountable. They will spin this however necessary to make sure no cops are punished. They're trying to absolve responsibility of their direct **unnecessary** actions by basically giving us the clerks excuse of "I'm not even supposed to be here today!"
So he was suspended without pay **forever.** Literally the cliche. It's a mockery.
Yeah, but do you see the problem here? You've walked you claim back from "Both sides are stupid" to "Everyone is stupid sometimes" which doesn't actually add anything, does it? Not to mention you're not even addressing the main issue here which is the right wing using their main media and all their political platforms to spread disinformation on purpose. That's not the same as 'There's stupid people everywhere'. One side is maliciously opposed to the people and will do whatever it takes, including have the police come crack skulls and cheer while they do it.
Look, I'm no Biden fan by any means, but just look at what's happening. Biden is at least willing to engage in the national discourse instead of telling us our problems are stupid and we should go to work, be dominated, and shut up. Biden CAN be pushed left. It's by no means going to be an ideal 4 years for anyone except some white moderate who just want quiet and not peace, but we can keep bringing the noise to make sure that doesn't happen either. Not until demands are met.
F. Scott, James Joyce, and Charles Dickens all used the word literally figuratively. I'm talking about your three words *and all of the rest of language*.
Yeah, and you have yet to present a single fucking fact. Funny that.
'The most issues' by what metric? When you pack more people in a dense area you expect more people interacting will generate more problems at some level, and maybe even at some factored rate. How do you parse out that these issues are 'more' or 'worse' and by which standard? And how much of those factors exist from conditions that exist regardless of the cities like education, previous institutionalized racist programs, current institutionalized racist programs, ability to own a gun, wage disparity, wealth disparity, and a million other conditions that exist because of the economic system and or/prison system? Are you getting the point yet? It ain't that simple fucko.
I'm not twisting words, I'm pointing out votes. https://www.vox.com/2016/2/26/11116412/bernie-sanders-mass-incarceration You're the one twisting my words. Not to mention you didn't even address most of what I said. You're still not engaging with the substance here.
Oh my god you people are exhausting. "Sir, what do you have to say for the people fighting for their liberation?" "Well my point does add something, that stupid people exist everywhere so you cannot judge a group of people by the stupid ones." "..." "Yeah but like it's technically true so it does add something your welcome." And, when the President is a xenophobe and you support that xenophobe, it kind of supersedes whether all your other characteristics and all other defining feature are pretty much fucking irrelevant. This is like telling WW2 soldiers to make sure not to shoot the good Germans because some of them didn't even want to be there.
Yes he can. I'm saying he was wrong here. I don't hate him for it. My point, as I stated up above, wasn't that everyone who did this was evil, but that we should look at the context instead so we can ACTUALLY talk about it instead of some random guys *perspective* of what happened who didn't really look into it all that much.
Human beings are in cages in the border. There's still a pandemic that tearing through our nation. There's civil unrest because of racist institutions and a police force that has zero accountability. There's only one group of people who are trying to stop these things and NONE of them are Republicans. And if you're not FOR addressing these issues then you're against them. And if you're opposing treating HUMANS like HUMANS, then fuck you.
When you're saying "The governors" I don't know what the hell you're talking about. Are *some* to blame? Sure. But who? And why? Or, instead of just vaguely blaming Mayors and governors you can speak out against the problematic institution and just see who agrees with you and who doesn't, or at least see who is willing to listen. Clearly some of them are the problem. But there's one party that demonstrably stand FOR these problems to keep existing and it isn't the one AOC joined.
That's some rightwing/pro-military bullshit right there. I'm a verteran, and a leftist, and a Patriot. But not because I joined the Army, that was stupid. I'm a patriot because I want to see my country become not only be a bastion of safety and quality of life for everyone inside of it, but one dedicated to that same standard for **all** people. I want to be a patriot **and proud**. Right now I'm a patriot and I'm really, really, really pissed off.
Even then, putting people on pedestals is dangerous. Sure, it is important to lift people up and support people who share goals that benefit everyone, but if you place them on a pedestal you're gonna want to fight back if something happens that makes you consider having to take them off that pedestal. I'm glad Brees and Brittany seem to have honestly gotten the message, but if he turns around tomorrow and says "Yeah well still the flag tho" then fuck him.
To be honest, it seems like someone just trying to present information in the manner to which those guys are accustomed. Like, the first sentence of the top reply is "This is all perspective." It's not. The dude didn't source his stuff but it's all accurate info and historically justified, but no one called out that guy for being wrong because that's how they all present their 'stories'. I don't know that playing Tee-ball with them is the way to go but it does seem to have generated some critical discussion there.
I started typing up a response that quickly veered into using the lost cause myth as an example but then I lost track of what I was doing, so let's just say the right wing has spent a very, very long time justifying why the things they do are in direct conflict with the words they say to the point where it isn't just the side effect of trying to be a conservative AND a good person, the hypocrisy is mandatory.
Trump said it would cost him 4 billion, then 8, then 10, then 15, then 20, then 25 and then 25 was basically where they landed. The realistic costs were like 40 and Trump and his buddies proved it. Every "Test mile" they built cost double or more what they said it would and they claimed "Oh yeah but these are just the bad spots so that's why." Strange that A, you guys only apparently picked the worst possible spots to 'test' in, And B, every picture I've seen shows flat ground in all directions so I can only imagine what the actual tribulations were. Mostly boxes of their credit cards falling off trucks, probably.
Really fucks up the "Rich people are rich because they deserve it" argument. Not that it was all that compelling, but you run "Rich people are smarter than everyone else" through one pass of vagina candles and it comes out the other side looking like a Chinese prisoner.
Just staying on theme.
Yeah. Every one of Trumps lies has it's own subsets of lies and hunting down every single one is not a task for one person.
No, for the most part I simply don't care what most peoples religious beliefs are. I only give a shit about what you try to push as true outside of your Church or Mosque or Synagogue and whether or not you expect me to follow rules based on your beliefs and not, say ethics. Their rightness or wrongness of their personal convictions about unanswerable questions is about as relevant as dinner etiquette to a crocodile.
Because you have to be traveling relative to something else in order to stop, and they don't have any values except "Guns" and "Fuck everyone who ain't me."
They've been just denying reality since the civil war. "Its the war of Northern aggression because when we declared secession you still had forts on our land! That's an invasion force! And the slaves LIKED being slaves! And...and we wouldn't even have to declare war if Lincoln wasn't raising troops, even though when we initially did that Lincoln wasn't even in office yet, but again, that's a problem for reality, not us!" They never stopped doing that, by the way. Most of this shit was still taught in southern schools up until a decade ago.
Could be off base here but I believe it was specifically a criticism of how the kids *they were raising* would become like if civilization was torn away. When the world is really held together by violence with the veneer of cooperation, when you take the polish away you're just left with the violence.
There is a concept of "Don't make yourself another casualty" but that only applies when there's a first casualty and a situation that's actively creating casualties and yadda yadda. It only applies when the context demands that's the best course of action. Usually during a war with active combatants. And that's the problem. We're put into a culture where the police and the population are at war, we are being viewed **as** combatants.
You know when you have to lie to make an argument you're not the good guy right?
Money is coercive you dolt. It's like literally the textbook thing involved with coercion. Side question: How often do you get your head stuck in doors? We talking multiple times a week or is it more of a daily thing?
I wish they were still trying "Conservative is the new punk." I know they got tired of getting endlessly dunked on for that, but I wasn't done having fun doing the dunks.
I don't know why you're pretending anything they say is true. They've never given any kind of fuck about small government. Ever. The only people who talk about "Small government republicans" are Republicans who are lying to you, and people who are pretending they're not republicans and lying to you.
Cops wouldn't be in so much danger if they actually de-escalated conflicts. I remember getting stopped, as a white teenager, and having a cop pull a gun on me shouting instructions as he approached my car. Why was I pulled over? My front license plate was in the window and not mounted on the bumper, which is totally legal, but still something they're allowed to stop for. No explanation for the gun except "His safety." But if I was an unstable anyone with weapon, or maybe even someone who was more anxious, they might make some panicked decisions. Total unnecessary escalations just for the sake of power tripping.
There's straight up cop kill seminars. Not to treat cops who were forced to kill someone, but to mentally prepare them TO kill someone. We pay tax dollars so cops can attend them. That's putting them in the mindset of being in a warzone and we're the enemy combatants.
Exactly. That is exactly why I miss it.
Ok Frank the Cat who plays Counter-Strike. Tell me this then, as a cat who takes drugs, tell us how that guys hypothetical drug taking cat *should* have behaved right after you you let us pet you.
Well, first, don't give De Niro too much credit. Like, thanks for speaking out on Trump, but he's said some real dumb stuff in other spheres too so meh. But you're not wrong. I didn't think Trump could win because he'd be a nightmare but even I didn't think it would be this blatantly corrupt.
You're doing the exact same thing. "I want to torture squirrels in my room!" "No." "Then I'm seceding my bedroom from the house!" "Why?" "....for the right to secede...? ....Shut up!"
*Sees a post of a dude making a fool of himself displaying his massive ignorance* You: "Bet I could do that."
Also creating the situation in which it happened. Not to mention we don't know that he didn't sign off on it, or even suggest it himself. Snyder is a literal shitgoblin and they don't care about anything except being horrible and trying to stick their fingers in your ass when you're not looking.
They've adopted religious tactic for their politics. It's more of a holy war now where the other side is just wrong, and your side can't be wrong because you're fighting for the *right side*. Once you frame it that way you've got all the justification you need to handwave problems you see on your side (Can't afford to lose soldiers during a war) and also cast the entire 'enemy' under the same lights that you do your own. They worship Trump, they think we worship Obama and Hillary (Even though Hillary and Trump were the two most significantly disliked candidates to ever run, but their feelings are impervious to facts).
They actively pretend the real world is like those cartoons. In their minds, leftists are all hysterical sissies who only have one mode which is "Shriek in disgust." Obviously that's not the case and reality is incredibly nuanced, but they maintain the charade that their opposition is just feckless morons so they don't have to actually engage with it. They don't need to have genuine discussions when the other side is so *stupid* and believe me, if there's one thing the right wing spin machine wants you to avoid, it's discourse with leftists. It's why they demonize colleges and anywhere else you could pick up any kind of leftists ideas.
lol Trump avoided a WW2 memorial because it was sprinkling out and yet they'll decry Trump is a "True patriot and respects Troops." They don't care that it's not reality, it's what they want to believe.
&gt;George Floyd’s final resting spot is Pearland, which is symbolic of Upper Egypt This is pretty much the gist of the entire post. Just this, over and over.
I don't know. I see people coming together to remove monuments that were mostly built specifically to terrorize some people and glorify terrible ideas and I think "Yeah, that's a good thing. That's people rejecting artificial bonds tied to hate and that's exactly the small steps you see a society take to get better." So I'm evidence you're wrong, and I see a lot of other people celebrating this movement which is also a great deal of evidence that you're wrong.
It's the government enacting a punishment for people exercising their 1st amendments rights. If that's not pulling on the thread of the 1st amendment I don't know what is.
Liberal = leftist, leftists are left handed, left handed people know karate, the Karate kid had Daniel-San. Daniel-San? More like San Dan....iego. San Diego. The San Diego Chargers have lightning bolts on their helmets and who invented lightning? Ben Franklin. Got you Ben you slippery fuck.
I've read that over time clones start developing issues so the only way to reliably maintain a strain is having seeds. I just wanted to make sure I had some. Not to mention I'm just worried that something will happen to the plants. Either I kill them or we've already had some scares with the cat eating some of the seedlings.
Racist present. Not to keep harping on it, but there's some serious hardcore white nationalist groups that have come out of that area. Some of them had some big *bad* ideas and were only busted before hand because they got too bold in their recruiting and had to murder a couple someones.
That's what we call "8 years of pent-up racist blacklash." Problem was it was only really just strong enough to get Trump elected, but now we're seeing the pendulum go back the other way yet again, but only 3 years later. Less than half the time and arguably a much bigger surge. We can only hope people don't get tired and stop pushing.
When the fervor was in its peak is what I think they meant. Remember when we all cared about the deadly epidemic? When was that? Yesterday?
Tacky? Brah, it's all about performance brah. Spoiler provides downforce to help the blade cleanly cut through the thick neck fat of capitalist pigs and the NOS turbocharges the process making it fast and efficient. And the Spoon sticker is because we got a spoon neck hole installed, and the racing stripe adds 5 HP.
I'm new to growing but this topping technique seems like it's much too aggressive.
It's more old school libertarian not the "We're calling it An-cap even though that's an inherent contradiction and really it's just feudalism but to McDonalds and the Koch Brothers instead of inbreds."
I wasn't trying to engage in any real discussion about those people utilizing emotionally stunted as a political theory, I was just making jokes.
Oh, but there's so many more *potential* layers to descend through.
Do you normally take meds, and/or do you have a carbon monoxide alarm?
Oh shit I know Jon. Jon always has awesome weed. I'll do anything Jon says. **Any**thing.
It is a problem, but we have that issue in a few places in the NFL. We've had more than a few concussion water salesman QBS and, unfortunately, worse. Not quite on the same tier of harmful as anti-vax, but still not great. But some of those guys have die hard Alex Jonesian fans who will dogpile you if you point out that they're pulling some bullshit.
It's everyone. Athletes promoting shady and scientifically unreasonable products, but if you bring it up their fans who don't want to acknowledge that these guys are doing ethically dubious shit just jump all over you and deflect the issue onto you as a person being jealous, or you're just a hater, or a fan of [rival]. Every group has it.
Much better. I also see these jolting your shoulders every rep which can't be great over time. Seems like this workout is just a big fuck you to your rotator cuff.
Yes, but the 'One man of Boom' didn't win a superbowl.
"I made up people to hate based on youtube videos that some guy with zero credibility made who also cited zero actual evidence. I'm basically a doctor at this shit ok?"
Yeah well companies take the money we give them to poison south american people and take their water, or build factories where they can exploits the lack of human rights. The morality or legality in their arguments are just there for show.
You can see the videos of this shit happening, the numbers say it's happening, and black people all across the country have the same stories of the same bullshit, and somehow you still deny it. Not with evidence, mind you, just based entirely on your feelies, which you'll then claim is what the left does because you need to slap a slimy coat of projection onto everything as well. You're the kid on the playground who gets tagged and then says "You never touched me" and then you turned that into an entire worldview.
So, because YOU specifically didn't hear anything about it, that means no one cared? Did you ever look and see? I mean, you could even have looked in the article I linked and seen that the logo HAS been criticized for a long time.
Triple down, you're a bad gambler. I know my black friends love to go online and post comments pretending to be white people. It's like, their favorite thing to do.
I already did argue the point. You had one argument. "I didn't know about this." Well, you almost had two arguments. It's just one was "I'm black" which isn't an argument and is also a lie. Then you swapped to "Well, I didn't know anyone cared" which is still "I didn't know about this." Then you went to "But this fake story about my childhood" which also isn't an argument, even if it were true. So if you want to give me something this is more than you simply being ignorant or lying I'll gladly address it.
[Milkthistle Mellow](https://files.nccih.nih.gov/files/milk-thistle-ThinkstockPhotos-93966680-square.jpg)
Yeah. And any new territory the confederacy gained would implement the same system of chattel slavery that the south had, by law. Weird that the Constitution that was supposedly all about states rights doesn't really give the states anything drastically different from the north....except mandatory slavery.
Also, generous little side-benefit is they get to disenfranchise TONS of people, making all of their lives suck, and then stir up some bullshit to get one part of the class to think it's another part of the same class that's the real cause of the problem. When you're pissed off and you're handed someone to blame who can't do anything to stop you you can see how someone could be tempted. And when you have the option of doing that or going off and figuring out the real causes of the problems and how they're complicated but it requires us all to be aware of our attitude and conscious of our fellow humans, and it is hard. "Breaking down capitalism to show its inherent flaws and unjust and unfair power structures...? Fuck that's too much work, it's the lazy blacks fault."
"Only I can fix it." "The governors are responsible." That's what the Rs voted for.
"You have referred to AIDS as a 'Deadly disease.' How is that any different from us calling it the 'Punishment for being Gay'? They're the SAME thing! You're just as bad as us!" Some real adults up there in charge of our **entire fucking country**.
No, they were wrong. Trump flip-flopping is irrelevant. They took the prison money, case closed.
Started in the 80's, but I still remember in the 90's having plenty of people tell me not to drink from water fountains because of AIDS.
It's a good medium for someone who might have a great deal of world knowledge to talk through what they see as a way of having some entertaining education.
"Different opinion." He objectively believes in and spreads demonstrably idiotic lies but no, try to make me sound like the unreasonable one because I pointed out how stupid that guys beliefs are. You're definitely trying to drive up the quality of discussion here, you disingenuous fuckweasel.
If you had anything worthwhile to say you would have said it the first time. If you were any kind of reasonable person you would at least have something to say for yourself now. You've done neither. You can mock me for saying it, but here you are proving it, so who are you really making fun of?
The people who have completely anti-equality pro-classist bullshit takes almost never have them in a vacuum. It's not my fault you fucks are all a dime a dozen without half a brain between the bunch.
They're willing to poison everything to get their way. They simply don't give a fuck. It's horrifying.
Ah, Dupont. Got a great metallic flavour with a hint of acetone. Goes well with a nice mound of ants.
*Gymothy*
Senator Cisco WebEx killed it.
Edit: Disregard, I was wrong. It's actually a Wood louse spider. Pretty much harmless. Eats harmful bugs. Would be a friend if you kept him around.
Well if you don't have a bug problem he's not gonna stick around. Worst case scenario try to just put them outside so they'll keep away other annoying assholes.
Yeah I mean there's some pretty chill spiders to have around (All time bro spider is the [Cat Spider](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/30/Cat_Faced_Spider.jpg) because they're incredibly non-aggressive and can share human spaces no problem.) But even then I doubt I'd want one in my grow tent for a few reasons. Just outside though where they can catch wasps and garden-ruiners they're great though. And no problem. I'm a new grower so at least I can make myself somewhat useful here.
Yeah. Sounds about right. No worries on the expertise thing, just getting some general information. I appreciate your time.
Fatalities are projecting back up in about a week you albino dickwad.
"NOTHING TO SEE HERE FOLKS! JUST GO HOME!" *Explosion* "SERIOUSLY. EVERYTHING IS FINE. THIS IS MY 'EVERYTHING IS FINE' SHOUT AND LOOK OF TERROR!"
Our response to this pandemic has been the equivalent of taking an AIDS test and getting a C.
What? No it's not. That's the point. The case would still exist, our knowledge of it wouldn't. Object permanence, we generally learn this stuff as toddlers.
Well more like "Further his own interests and other big money interests on a wave in the shit ocean that is white supremacy."
Racing stripe, Type-R sticker, folger's can exhaust, spoon seats. That's all you need to start racing on the streets.
There's stuff in the thread linked that shows the party switch happened and hasn't been debunked. You guys are pathetic.
No expert by any means but I'm pretty sure you should only throw compost on there if you have the stuff in the soil to break it down fairly quickly. Otherwise you'll want to do your composting elsewhere so it can break down into healthy stuff for plants without bringing in harmful pests.
This is just some bag stuff that helps with my pain and lets me sleep, I'm trying to find a seed distributor that I can actually order from that also can tell me what the stuff is because I'm a new smoker as well so I'm in a bit over my head. =p
&gt;What happened to the “virus” not being able to survive past 80F!? Huh!? Y’all remember that shit right!? So the virus that infects human bodies....human bodies where the internal stable temperature is around 95-96 degrees....dies when exposed to 80 degree weather. Welcome to hell.
There are some shitty leaders out there. Our first CO got fired during our first deployment because he'd just send guys out on pointless missions just for the sake of appearing busy. He once sent us out on a "mission" to do overwatch for our little base. First, we already have full guard rotations, that's what the troops who aren't on mission do. Second, we had full 360 viability for MILES. We could still see our cameras from where we were. We were supposed to sit there, a stones throw away from the only modicum of comfort we had, for two weeks. We went out for about 4 hours before our platoon sgt. told our LT "Call YOUR Captain and TELL him we're coming back." And our Sergeant would make us march through a river of shit if he thought it accomplished something, so when he was fed up, you already hit a breaking point. No insulation in our FOBS. Mostly just plywood separating you from the outside. Doesn't stop much sound and I'd never heard someone with Officer bars ever get berated so loudly and thoroughly.
And I pointed out that: A - Hero and Martyr are different words and B - That's irrelevant because literally anyone can be anyone else's hero because you can't choose how people view you or selectively take in your work, or only use your name alone while taking nothing else about you. Should I explain it a third time?
Well I did some research. I really wanted to try to get Cookies Kush because that sounded like my ideal strain, but I ended up getting Candy Kush instead because I couldn't find a place that had it that I could also order from, on top of White Rhino for maybe daytime use? That's the idea anyways, though I'll definitely have to be careful with the Rhino. Funny how we both kinda landedi n the same area on strains. I tried ordering through seedsman but not being in the UK there were some complications and I just couldn't to get them to accept my card, but I did get some ordered through Nirvana for what seemed like a fair price after looking through a bunch of places that seemed to have interesting selections, but told me absolutely nothing about what the stuff was actually gonna do to me.
I forgot to add my setup is pretty similar to yours as well. What light did you go with? I got a 450 that'll probably be a great clone light once I have a separate system for that. Bit weaker than what I should have gotten for now, but it's doing it's job. As far as seedsman went, yeah. I paid about the same price for my seeds but the selection was quite a bit more limited, and not the detail seedsman puts into their info. It seems like they have periodic issues though so maybe I'll try back once I decide to explore some more. We're still in a kinda of grey area here. It's legal, but not federally. It's legal to grow, but only if you're far enough away from a dispensary or you can't get service there regularly, whatever that means. It's all very nebulous but it seems they're being mostly hands off unless you're doing big grows. I just notice last week one of my neighbors rolling a big ol' plant around on a little dollie cart. But this is all very recent, within the last couple years.
I agree with the spirit of what you're saying, but that's demonstrably a failed experiment.
Not so much linked as that's the dark nebulous fall back for when all your other indefensible rhetoric gets shot down. It's the "Gods is mysterious" equivalent to religious apologia. It doesn't actually say anything, in fact it sidesteps all the problems altogether, and that's exactly what you need to do when you don't have good justification for your beliefs. The difference is you don't really need justification for your personal religion until you want to push it on other people, but you do need justification for the political ideology you're espousing. Should note it's not always a (((them))) thing as the right wing loves to paint a multitude of targets so when people all start getting angry they can pretend that they're actually the ones being attacked.
Well first, agreed. Getting rid of Trump is absolutely the next step. And no, I'm not suggesting we tear it all down and rebuild. That WOULD be the smart thing, but it just won't happen. But we can't let up on how the system is set up to fail the people and we can't just pretend throwing a couple patches on it is going to fix it, or having the *right* president is the answer. If you CAN have a WRONG president, your system is fucked. That's the short of it. So we need some significant overhaul in how things are done, the **ability** for a president to act this way and terrorize the people is an ever looming threat that should not be tolerated by the people. It's OUR government.
You're taking a little bit of what I said and stretching it all the way. I'm not attacking the concept of democracy, just our system. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MykMQfmLIro This is like almost a half-hour, but watch it when you can. He breaks down why our voting system on its own is already a problem and that's not going into the EC, yada yada. It's not enough to just rely on the exact model that caused the problem in the first place. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpwJKYbEAZ8 Here's another 15 minutes on the issues that are being cause that goes a bit farther in saying we've already lost democracy status. I suggest watching both of these when you find the time.
Glad I ran across this. I just started growing myself and now I have an account to stalk for good information. Anything you recommend I read? There's so much infor out there and it feels like half of it is a combination of 15% real info and 85% bro-botany.
Plants like humidity early before they have big root systems to take up water. All plants like a little bit of humidity so they don't lose water too fast though. It's not much of an issue if you're always providing it for them, but they're still not big fans. But humidity can be detrimental in a few ways. Other than the main issue of rot and mold, Bugs and other problems for your plants really like more humidity. So as long as your humidity levels aren't staying consistently high for those problems to develop then you're generally gonna be ok. Definitely going to want to keep that lower, especially in the weeks to come.
I hear you can still get a lot of growth out of them in flower if you treat them well. Might still get a little bounty if the weather turns around for you.
*Alternative Facts*
Well not really. The comment above you was talking about a range of emotion, you focused on pain, and I brought up something else.
Something about this whole situation feels bad to me. Maybe not. Maybe that's the sweetest woman in the world and she's rehabbing a monkey from the zoo she works at and that whip cream is magically perfectly monkey safe....but... Really don't think that's the case.
Sometimes all you need is a slightly different perspective. Well, you also need the ability to actually apply that perspective which some seem to lack entirely, but that's a different topic. But definitely keep this place updated on your work and send me some compost when you start making the good stuff.
Should get some wire and have some fun with'm.
