I was a big scherback fan, but scherback showing in the preseason does not get him top 6 minutes. A player doesnt increase his trade value by getting points because hes playing with good linemates They increase their value by you know... playing good enough to be on the top 2 lines..and his showing in preseason doesnt indicate that he can do that, in fact he was so slow in the offseason.that I personally dont think he can even keep up with the speed of our top 6
It does increase the value. But I doubt 38 clears Zykov got picked, what scherback has going for him is some pretty dope highlights. Scherback has undeniable.talent with the puck and hes good driving the net with it. All it takes is one GM who says " we can make something happen" Teams like ana and la might want to add some young blood (it's not like la can get much slower) I doubt 38 clears, and if he doesn't I hope he gets better there. I'm just.curios what prevented 38 from getting a shot, my guess is his.speed really set him back, bc he looked slow in preseason
The problem is players are going to want to get paid what they consider fair value. if dubas low balls marner and Mathews for the sake of cap space then precedence doesnt mean much since those players will want what they think they're worth. It just means they'll ask for a trade sooner, It's very possible and likely that M&amp;M are talking to nylander. And if they dont like how Toronto is negotiating it may end up backfiring
If he doesn't sign by 5, he wont play in a leafs Jersey ever again And then he'll have to be traded, and then the lowballs will probably get lower If nothing happens before 5, nylander isn't the only party to lose. Nylnder isnt the only one with something to lose regarding this deadline And sitting players out for an entire year is lose lose
&gt;And Dubas can match any offer sheet. Meaning nylander gets the money he wants, &gt;Nylander will be lucky to get half the contract value in any other league. At that point it isnt about dollars, it's about nylander not missing an entire years worth of competitive hockey As the 5pm.deadline gets closer without nylander signing it looks more and more likely that the gets traded. Dubas wont sit him out for two years, that would be definition of boneheaded.
I hate to break it to Toronto, they might both get offer sheeted
The thing is, teams may be willing to give up more picks and offer a contract to either player that may prove... difficult to match Who knows what they'd do though but why dont you.think they'd sign? I think we've learned time and time again in pro sports that loyalty only goes as far as the length of your contract
Signed offer sheets may not happen often, but I'm curious how many offer sheets get..ahem, offered, that dont get signed
Its only been like. 5 games
I forgot how much I love weber on the habs. People died for him to be our captain But I dont care #webanggang
He should've retired a.few years ago
Tak
Clooose
Great skate save
Domi puts the D In Defence
no sir
This..guy
Stepping on my turf bruh
Aw man I missed #3 Was it nice?
Niiiice
I hate you so much dad
He said words
Me fail English? Thats unpossible!
Another penalty? For a net battle ??
Kreider smashed by weber
I'll give. You a play by play "Chris pls sit down" "No shea" https://youtu.be/KGCKOYCB88k
Kreider
Then I hope weber does kreider like that Russian guy did apollo creed
Its not like Boston has a good record with goalie fights
Lol skej
Cole too
I dunno, Jim hughson butchered it too
Rangers announcers should be butthurt their.team.got smoked
Yeah they ran out so I had to go to a different dep
https://youtu.be/ulIOrQasR18
Max paciorettQUI?
Did he actually say that?
Didnt he also make a list basically calling weber a 2nd pairing Dman?
I have to thank u/mtled ... he *led* me straight to the joke
Well two now yes, although like I said if I was GM, and I look at the Toronto rfa that I'd offer sheet (since they're pretty good players and still incredibly young) Thats what I would do. And all it takes is one gm, who feels desperate to make a *now* addition to the team for it to happen. Wether it happens or not is still to be seen, I respect that you disagree. But as long they dont sign an extension, the possibility exists.
https://youtu.be/UBNXDXNOKlo
At a certain point, you Have to blame the player for not making himself good enough to play in the lineup The team, literally, decided players in the AHL deserved ice time in the NHL before scherback At certain point you have to trust.the coaches that players arent deserving
I really wanted schebraic to succeed, but in oreseseason he showed that his speed was greatly lacking and i dont think he could have kept up with that top 6 role That's just based on his preseason performance, but that's what I saw,. He couldn't produce in the ahl this season, didn't score much in the ahl last year. At a certain point you have to let players go.. whether they're a first round pick or not.
Okok i get lapointe
And a crystal award and some flowers bro
Bartlett bb come back to habs games
Well fyck
Yeah but why did petry even try to make that pass
Petry with the turn over. Yeah if is in him And yea 31 shouldve had had it
Our d have zo many turnovers they can open up a bakery
I didnt know despatie played hockey
##positivity breeds success
Lfucken fuck
Yes
I do not like this
Weber just claps bombs
Really???
Nachos
Weber smash
What was what?
Well I cant remwmwbe the other times. But this last one domi was kinda ve badgered and wasnt in a position to pass or even shoot. Karlsson did good hockey there
I had to read that.3x lol
Benn held that line.nicely
26!!!!
No Hit League
I'll settle for Drouin poehling Suzuki
Well they did manage to get pateryn going , last season he was averaging over 20m, so they may be able to find a place for him
Thanks! I'm glad you liked it :)
And a Shakespearean play
Tak
If anyone wants a refresher https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charbonneau_Commission https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/montreal/charbonneau-commission-looking-back-1.3330098 In short, no Mtl was much more deep routed and engrained in the process, as opposed to grooming just one councillor And cost 3 different mayors their jobs Although as we learned in mtl, where theres smoke, there's fire.
Have fun!
Lol nice one , I always went with NOTtawa
Seven?
Habs legend mark Holden
#CALLED OUT
Uncut? This has been chopped and screwed more than a Houston remix
Or dead eye Red eye just sounds like hes planning on making everyone take a red eye flight
Best be benn
Shit so young Mines 9, but I adopted him when he was 4.
The rare win/win
The best boy I could ask for. Is it bad that I'm already thinking of finding a new dog that deserves a Forever home?
Thanks friend, I just hope I made him as happy as he possibly could be
But...why ? This is so .... ..just bad
Goddamn this is atrocious
Big block Weber!
Fun fact: A couple 9f weeks before returning Sheriff Shea said that hed been practicing his shot like crazy. And you can see that his shot has gotten better VecUzd right now its insane. He picks the corners so well and accurately and that shot is so hard In fact his shot has gotten so good, that NASA is using it as a case study for how to reach escape velocity more efficiently
You mean all starzner?
Nice save uncle price
21&gt;8
Simple mathematicals people
Hawks love passing 9t from below the goal line go the slot by the hash marks dont they
Y3sb
I wanna see weber fuck someone up
Being Dutch I Love your dogs name, please give tulip some cookies and an extra hug for Ti-Gars please
Did dlo break buzz face again?
Unstoppable
Our pp zone entries still suck more than paulie shore at a dick sucking convention
https://youtu.be/AfIOBLr1NDU
Stan mikita
Hey leave our little nicholas alone!
It's more on the lack or support speed, all the linemates are always flat footed at the blue line bu the time the puck carrier gets there. So it's easy to just clog up the remaining lanes
It was a powerless play
Thus is obviously the red white and blue of the Netherlands Fun fact, the flag was designed with our history of seafarers taken into huge consideration The blue at the bottom signifies the ocean The white is the clouds of the horizon While the red is the sun Basically it's the view from the crowds nest
https://youtu.be/KGCKOYCB88k Shea Weber vs anisimov
Clench while u wait
He must be really tired right now
Wot
?
RELEASE THE CRACKING SHOT OF WEBER
That was a nice play
It's like the refs are either trying to fill a weekly quota, or they bet *OVER* on the PIM section
At least this game isn't as boring as that outdoor game in Ottawa last yr
Shaw with that clutch play.
*I made a post but i i didn't see this (so I'm copying that post and deleting the repost)* I think our pp zone entry is terrible because bu the time the puck carrier reaches the blue line all his linemates are just standing there, with 0 speed to attack the d . This basically causes some big problems. The puck carier has to maneuver around not only their defence, but also our players... making it very crowded to cross the blue line... zo all that speed the puck carrier is supposed to attack with? Gone, since hes trying to either find a lane (making him slow down) or he runs into a dman rhe instant he crosses the line . And with no support he will lose the puck and their pk will clear it. I know everyone hated Michel therrien for wanting to .. you know, use the forwards speed? And using the dump and chase, but it would be nice if Montreal switched it up and kept their d guessing and backing off the blue line some by respecting the dump game. The lack of Flexibility and the total predictability of the habs pp zone entry seems to be the biggest problem.. and its totally self inflicted. The dump and chase may not be as slick as carrying the puck over the line.. and it may seem "low skill" but it uses one of our best assets, speed. MT saw the usefulness if the D&amp;C, but he relied on it too much. And it seems like we've gone from one extreme righ to the the other extreme . A little Flexibility, and unpredictabitlty would really help. Case in point: before weber came back, the pp was always confined to the blue line perimeter, since the habs didnt have a point shot, they just defended down low, and prevented much puck movement..weber came back, and the point becomes an option, making our pp less predictable when they actually manage to get zone possession. FFS habs, make your zone entry less predictable, and spice it up with some dump and chase
Sick stick save
They got old, and expensive
I disagree, he plays next game, coach has to show that players shouldn't be afraid to make mistakes Some performances need to be used as learning opportunities, not punishment opportunities. He plays next game
We don't have em in Quebec
&gt;Litterally the only time Bergevin went big in free agency, You make it sound like alzner is the only, and most high profile player mb ever tried to sign.
*GAAASP*
Minnesota just activated our trap card
No I'm just messing around.but I'm not quite on my a game lately I think you're absolutely right, the team record thing is pretty useless. And the sat stat is more fun than anything else
I think the bit was called Dans l'ombre
Seriously, and every hab goal was a frigging hilite reel
I'm pretty sure that theres a minimum The salary around 600k or something *The minimum NHL player salary in 2005-06 and 2006-07 will be $450,000; $475,000 in 2007-08 and 2008-09; $500,000 in 2009-10 and 2010-11, and$525,000 in 2011-12 (to the extent the CBA is extended by the Union).* NHL.com
Being that theres a min salary the NHL CAN'T sign off on it Otherwise the idea of a league minimum is laughable
But can any of these prospects play LD?
I haven't followed this at all (opting to wait for the report to be publicized) But why wouldn't an extension help the reelection cause? I mean you can claim and backup that claim of thoroughness. I mean, ending the inquiry before they can properly sift through everything they need to sift through seems like it can open them up to more criticism than continuing it
Ontario seems to be taking the Ottawa senators approach to life; Becoming a tire fire
I highly doubt the parameters for the gm to keep his.job have not been communicated to him That's a different story. And I absolutely agree with you. A gm job should be sustained success, and making that final push when you feel you have a chance to go deep. Sacrificing long term assets to get knocked out in the first round seems kinda dumb. And I'm not even talking about draft position But hey, if the owner wants to make the playoffs this year, than that's what he wants.
People voted in an elite investment banker and acted shocked when he acted like an elite investment banker
We're not trading for him
Mtl is in the middle of a youth movement. They're not trading for a guy who A. Has to renew his contract in 2 years, and will probably get a decent, no he'll get HEFTY raise (which would impede signing upcoming rfa B. He'll be 32 by the time that contract is up. It just seems like a move that doesnt fall in line with the current direction of the team
Hes also never made a panic win now move, and acquiring muzzin seems like a whin LAK would most likely want futures (draft picks, prospects) montreal just isnt doing that, it's a total 180 from the teams direction. You think mtl can get him on the cheap? Dream on, LAK are most likely holding on to him to auction him off to a contender who would love his 1m cap hit that would price.mtl out by offering 1st round picks Montreal will not trade for him, I'd bet everything I own on that
Theres a big.difference between acquiring vanek, and muzzin 1. Vanek wasn't acquired out of desperation (hence why I said *panic win now*) 2. Muzzin, being 30 in February, doesn't fit with the teams current direction (vanek did, considering the habs wanted to make a strong playoff push) 3. Muzzin will be auctioned off, and will cost futures, someone said lehk + 2nd, and I think that's a massive undervaluation of what he'll fetch (vanek was iirc a 2nd plus that swedish prospect) 4. Since mtl needs a lhd, not wants a lhd ( vanek was acquired becIze mtl qanted him, not because they needed him) LAK will try and fleece mtl I see no world where the cost makes sense for the acquisition of muzzin
Not to be stickler but we also traded a swedish fwd prospect (cant remember the name) But yeah, I think comparing vanek trade and a possible muzzin trade is comparing two vastly different trades, current team situations, and front office mentalities. If the habs today were in the position of the habs when they acquired vanek I'd be absolutely on board. But my hazy memory seems to say we made it to the ECF
It was the equivalent of when they shoot the first alleyoop ever in semi pro
The problem.is more getting into the zone rather than how they play in the zone. The habs just seem incapable of making a halfway decent zone entry and that really paralyzes the pp performance
No TWO FOULS
Let's drax some sklounst
Thanks for sharing
Go post it to the sens sub
Bench him and be safe
BOOO THE REFS.. BOOO THEM
Also that time price got dragged put 9f.his net
They should've got rid of him 4 yrs ago imo
Thanks I would've posted to r/habs but I didn't want 5o spam it
Do the refs hate price ? Did he fuck a refs daughter or something?
He probably pushed all of the younger ones into a puddle and bullied their teenage daughters
A pp? Fuck
http://imgur.com/gallery/pYIEn7U
Yeah he's right about the linesmen when hes talking about facepffs but he missed 5he mark here
I mean, Hes not wrong. Cancer did give them the chance to auction off those terrible blazers
Or when we complain about goal reviews
:0
Ohhhh d e a d a s s Now it makes sense
I've always disliked having benn on our team
Benn literally left the front 9f the net open, hit his own player and made a weak play on the puck
I want to try not playing benn
I deadass dont know
Its about time someone gave alzner the shot he deserves
https://youtu.be/UeS-Xb5u4-U
Bs call.
Young is a frame of mind
I l8ie pie tho
Calm down dude
You haven't seen much then
It's been decent in the 2nd period so that's a start
I thought they said 0 fer 19
Lol benn with the penalty. What a fucking chode
Whaaaaaattt!!!
When will refs be held accountable for terrible reffing
They've been absolute trash
I wish tim peel was reffing over these clowns
Tweedledee and tweedeldumb
penalties should never be reviewable Bad calls happen, it makes sports unpredictable and fun
An ever bigger travesty is benn being 9j the ice rn
Its Somalia to the word on
What a pass kk
THANK YOU /u/galaxy91122
Prettiest eng ever
Gooodbyeeee
Yeah the crowd definitely was the 7th man today
Yeah and even goal reviews of goaltender interference are an absolute mess, with 0 consistency, and hasn't really improved the quality of the game. Taking my unwillingness to review penalties , and claiming I think headshots should be fair game is ridiculous.
Let's not pretend like the decision was.greeted.with open arms in habland either
Goddamn lizard people
You can tell he loves this team
Romagreat
Yeah they started off real good. And are now adjusting to their mean
E L I T E L I T E
Sorry bro, secret family recipe
I'm.genuinely more shocked that hes still allowed to ruin the pp. What does he even do??
Sorry the meme is.so low.effort. But I put as mucgj effort into it as muller does thinking up our strategy
Remember when our pp was consistently the sexiest pp in the league? u/itoggat remembers
Someone should sue Melnyk for return of his kidney
So. Theres Trinity group Rendezvous group Melnyk group And they're all a part of rendezvous group, And trinity has a plot of land opposite side of the street of the lebron site So melnyk sued trinity because it's a conflict of interest?, and now trinity is counter suing in retaliation? Am I getting this.right ?
Me
Seriously does Chicago get an outdoor game every year ? I personally never like the outdoor game, the angles are weird usually the ice isnt good, and the level of play is inconsistent
Frost, what do you think the over/under is on melnyk being forced out as owner. Hes embarrassing the NHL and making the league look like a joke
Ok
Your ability to exaggerate is understated In the clip nobodies being "ran into the boards" and theres 0 headshots. Stick to non contact sports if this is getting you so riled up.
Then stop crying over a 2m roughing penalty
Obviously we call the police
Hey wait a minute...
Saaaaame
Like a cricket analogy
#POSITIVITY BREEDS SUCCESS BOYS
Nice hit dlo brown
He carried us all the way to a lottery pick
Its def an exaggeration
Who?
I always full screen it and save myself the grief
Mtl typical dude
The knights are muff cahbage
Why do I even watch the habs They always break my heart
I hate you so much
https://youtu.be/by2JRnU8Wxc
Fair enough, although I think shaws skills with the puck are a little understated here, because he does have very nice puck control for a player who's caller a "grinder type)
Ok that's different from "embracing the tank" (which as far as I know, means try to avoid wining games) I agree,this team isnt a sc winning team atm, and if mtl.does try to sell petry, a team may be willing to make a splash. Although considering that Petry still has a few years on his contract, it may be hard to find a buyer. Although he is on a pretty decent contract moving forward
&gt;Tanking to me doesn’t necessarily mean trying to grab first over all, No, but it does mean trying to drop in the standings to increase your chances of a higher draft pick I'd.consider your approach more as "staying the course" as in dont be deceived by early success and maintain the course that was set out before the season started, since I doubt (but I could be wrong). That the front office, considering what Geoff.molson said during the end of year presser where he said that hed okay with the habs not mak9ng the playoffs,8 3xpected the habs to make the playoffs
You're right it is two years. I actually thought it was longer tbh I'm not against trading petry for the right return, Especially if the return is in the same vein as pacioretty (pick and good prospect) it would give us more of that sweet sweet cap space to acquire any of edler Coburn Gardiner as a replacement for the dollars spent on Petry Theres a very strong case.for.trading Petry, and none of them are because he's been a.bad hab
Maybe 67, 27 were the problem with their pouty attitudes
Itll be better when stinky stu isnt involves anymore
At least bishop isn't their goalie. Dude has our number
You sound like a hab fan lol- but your flair says New York
We do. He's going to burn in a special pit in the 9th circle of hell
Oh shit I totally forgot about that, That was an A grade moment.
Remember that trip ot winner when CBC still had the blue scoreboard?
Just quebecois players in general are our weaknesses
Would have vs would of
Ryan poehmint
CHRISTMAS US OVER AND I DIDNT EAT ENOUGH
Well i guess we're fucked
SCOREMANOV
Menthe
Maaaan what did I miss
https://youtu.be/_JkwZUk3Kng
This
T H I C C T U N A
Well, they probably wouldn't like that answer, and would assign the answer a negative value.
I think the players take these interviews much more serious than you however. And sports psychologists do get paid a decent amount of money in all sorts because theres real word applications to what they come up with and proof that it's not so much a waste of time as you're implying, otherwise, why even bother interviewing these guys? As far as people who's native language isnt English, I wouldn't be surprised if they have different questions or even translators present
I mean, that all depends on how he performs during training camp I guess. But, as you can see, I'm definitely not advocating that Montreal try and get him here ASAP, i agree that having him spend some time in the AHL for a bit would definitely help with the transition
&gt;I mean someone is gonna help them Maybe sineibr will, maybe someone won't. First someone needs to be able to take the cap hit, and marelau will actually want to waive his NTC, and I cant see him waiving his NTC to leave a contender
He has a full NMC. Toronto can't do that
Well he has a full No Movement Clause, different from a NTC. No trade clause only gives the player leeway over trades to other teams, but not within the organization, while a no movement clause means that they cant move you to another team via trade, or to the minors and essentially keeps him in one city (no movement)
Yup
Any projecter lineup with pulajajrvi on the top 6 is a bad projected lineup
&gt;Brodie According to the flames fans, hes terrible.. maybe the habs should stay away &gt;Leddy Yes plz &gt;Puljujarvi Habs fanz need to stop, let another team deal with him. Hes got bust written all over him, he has a bad hockey IQ, skates slowly, has terrible positioning, takes bad penalties, neither clode nor bergevin will want him soon their team
Sure, I get what you're saying, but hes been bad for more than one season, and based on the comments I've seen from flames fans on reddit, leaves me to believe that it's a matter of him suffering from the teams system or being utilized improperly. Sometimes players performances just decline though.
Sorry, let me expand. JP has a tendency of being a poor positional player, to the point where he gets in the way of his linemates .. he isnt a particularly good skater, he takes bad penalties, has a poor hockey IQ, isnt a good 2way player. If two coaches give him top line minutes with premium offensive players, and both coaches decide "nope, hes going down in the lineup" to the point where they both put him on the 4th line, or scratch him and he ends up in the ahl, then maybe he just isnt that good? If I had to pick between that, and shaw? I'm taking shaw every. Single. Time. N2m with a new gm in Edmonton they will be very careful with who they trade him for. Maybe JP can turn it around.. but I'm not comfortable with mtl trying to be the team to make that happen. Also hes not a clode type player. Nor is he a mb type player. I'll pass on him. But if hes on waivers, sure. Put a claim in. But giving up any assets? Pass
It wasnt iginals hart because he didnt win it. N2m you shouldn't win a league MVP award if your team doesn't make the playoffs. The idea that a player should win an MVP award when his team doesnt even make the playoffs is laughable in and of itself
It's nice too hear mtl finally has 30000 fans, bettman truly is growing the game to unimaginable heights
I can’t believe no one has noticed that all the subscribers here are just me on different accounts. Don’t believe me? Watch me post this from all my other accounts.
I Dunno, he did have a pretty savage concussion thanks to varada, I wouldn't call that minor
What would prevent them and CSKA from coming to an agreement together?
Yessss
&gt; missed 16 games in the past five seasons Hes missed more than that in the last 2 alone. Why are you making things up?
Buying out alzner cap hit 19/20 1.06 20/21 4.2 21/22 2.2 22/25 1.06 As per cap friendly https://www.capfriendly.com/buyout-calculator/karl-alzner
Well then I have no idea what market hes referring to :/
I'm not following? That 4.2 is in 20/21 The expansion draft is after the 20/21 season so what's the connection?
8 Kirk's mulling
Fuck do I know, i don't even know what the lineup will look like. I'm merely outlining that his pp minutes are not guaranteed and putting money Dowb with the expectation of him getting pp minutes is a bit premature
Lol All I see in the three responses to one comment "Its everybody else's fault but JP" Jp has terrible hockey IQ, isn't a two way player, has had major surgery done, has terrible positioning to the extent that he actively gets in.the way of his linemates, takes bad penalties, doesn't produce 2 coaches gave him top minutes with top players, both eventually ended up scratching him. If you think McClellan and Hitchcock are both bad coaches that cant see wether a player is a net positive influence to his linemates or not, then you need to re evaluate what you consider bad coaching. Players dont get sent to the AHL because of "bad coaching" they get sent to the ahl because they cant fulfill the role they've been given in the NHL, and Jp has been given linemates that Montreal Canadiens players would kill to have.. and hes done Jack shit with those players
They did, but I guess if you identify that a player just doesnt work in your system, then there's no real need to diminish his value by trying to fit a square peg into a triangular hole.
Jake Gardiner is a player the habs need. He'll fill a hole, and probably produce, and have a net positive influence in the team. The thing is, habs are introducing many young players who will grow in the next few years and (hopefully) peak in the next 3-4 yrs The question isnt is Jake Gardiner good or bad target, the question really is, can Gardiner still be as effective and with his contract by the the time those young players start really showing what they're capable of (hopefully good things) So will the habs need gardiner in 3-4 years ? I'm not so sure...
This is terrible advice.
Just because your left side is stacked doesnt give you any justification for selling an asset at a discount to a team that desperately need a player like thatv
Taking a morning bruin is great, since you release so much dewd weight
What about pulljarvi and an 8th round pick
Ugh now I have to remake it
Thanks I'm glad you like it in such a spiritual level
You're going to make me blush!
Thats some high praise, thank you
But this is a habs sub Are we really that lame that this is what has a high presence on this sub?
I wonder If they held fast
Big dad energy?
Petry has a modified NTC, moving him isnt quite that simple
Whose alsner
Oh you mean brick wallzner
I mean, at this point it feels more like bending over backwards to trade petry.. which, I imagine, will result in getting fleeced and losing out.
https://youtu.be/arENYYkYBts
You hear that noise? Thats the sound of r/habs googling who the heck this guy is
Well, assuming he'd want to leave California and a Stanley cup contender in the first place (which seems unlikely imo) At 4.5m, they can easily create space to sign a 23yr old player coming off a 56p season It's a waste of time. And just makes mtl look dumb
You should learn to read that table better. It says hes an rfa In 19/20 bc hes an rfa going into 19/20 So if he signed a one year contract as an rfa in July that will take him to ufa I'm pretty sure wpg fans know whatsup
Caillou is the next habs all star
You can't force them, they have to come naturally
Yes
I'll keep that in mind if I ever feel the need to buy a computer
Bc people are personally attached to mete
That was kinda boring
Coooollleee
Hopefully somebody good I laughed too much at that
Tx
Tx
Whoever dressee Marc bergevin, needs to dress my neighbor
Itd be nice, but unless you're targeting someone very specific , then its not worth losing a second round pick
Chug-a-lug
TIL that Friedman = the habs gm And he called mtl a likely destination. Thsts not "mtl is going after duchene"
It happens every year. Recency bias always shoots our newest first round pick to the top
Coleyflower caufield
They just want workout buddies.
Colverfield caufield
I dont think mtl has the pieces to acquire aho via trade in an even trade We'd probably have to pay a premium. So I'd probably pass
Well I was replying iin 5he context of the comment you were replying to (him signing an ohl contract) In well aware he isnt an ohl player currently
Do you ever stop making threads?
Do you ever stop making threads?
Maybe the user IS puljujarvi
He wasnt available, the point is the definition of moot
Credits aside, the ncaa is a really good development league, and prepares players better for the Nhl than the ohl does, and I'm sure CC is aware of this fact
I I don't know why you're getting downvoted. We didn't draft nick Suzuki
I'm not going to lie to you... I hate it
In the last few couple of years, the talent level of the ncaa has made some crazy progress. And theres no reason to believe that wont change. Anyways, being a development league isnt exclusively about the talent of the players in it, it's more about how much they improve and how well the league prepares players for the Jump to the NHL. And small or large players, I think the ncaa does a better job getting players prepared for the NHL came than the chl does. And a big part of that (ironically considering your statement of the talent) is the opposition they face. When you go in the chl, opposition tends to just get younger, and easier to dominate, while that doesn't really happen in the ncaa (and it's not just physical maturity, it's also playing y against more experienced players) The ncaa isnt just a place to get bigger or stronger, like your comment implies
Oh I'm not trying to say that the chl is a bad option, there's a reason that the chl is still a premium choice for developing players. It's just the ncaa seems to prepare them better for a jump straight to the NHL from the ncaa as opposed to the ncaa. But the the chl is still a great league to develop in as a young player
Fixing a cap problem is easier than aqcuiring top end players
His OT goal vs Toronto where he went flying into the boards
I've been a huge fan if bergevin, but he really needs to go from try to succeed in the ufa market right now. Habs need to create offence, and we cant wait around for the prospects to maybe get good while weber and price get older. We have two of the biggest names in hockey. Let's fucking get them something that isnt "a good middle depth player"
This is why we martyrd shaw
The aid to our kin
If a high end player wants to sign, you sign them Fixing cap issues are.easier than getting that top end talent
The future isnt proven. Maybe romanov busts. .maybe Suzuki turns into a 3rd liner maybe domi only score 35 pts. Maybe they all turn Into all stars Who knows, but what we do know is mtl has a bunch of cap space, and theres players on the market who's past performances will fill our needs.. and mb has to go for it. Cap space doesnt score goals. We dont know how players will progress or what they want to be paid. And when domis contract gets signed, people will say "we need to save cap space for kk"
Well let's hope the hype doesn't turn into disappointment.
Yes, but we'll have acquired an elite talent, whose young. Toronto can have the cap space and a hissy fit. We'd have marner theres no reason to believe that any of those fourth rounders will come close to marner individually or collectively
It's not profit, the habs make like 3m per homme game in the playoffs So making the playoffs would negate that cost, make it to r2 and you start taking it in The idea that the cap space isnt used because molson wants more money is insanely stupid
He knew what he was doing
I mean.... looking back... it was a simple and clean story... then they dropped... well everything else
NOT THE STEAK!!!
I sure hope so!!! Https://youtu.be/Buq40brGDTY
Well you got your winger in kovalchuck
You're right, MTL stopped making moves for the sake of the team years ago. Everything is just one big PR move these days /s
If the owner told him to do it he would. You don't stay a gm in the Nhl by telling your boss"tough titty"
There was literally a 0 percent chance of getting the #1 pick but you keep telling yourself its a possibility
Suzuki Domi kovalchuck
Well the Habs have shown to be a team that can hang with the best in the league.... For some reason though, they just drop points against the teams that aren't the best . I think MTL is built to be able to make some noise in the playoffs ... Especially if they improve the d some more
Lol'd
Kovalchuck throwing a massive boom
You might remember I pushed hard to convince people prime kovalchuck was one of the best, if not the best, pure goalscoring winger during his first stint in the Nhl. If he never left he'd be a no brainier HOF player Honestly I'm pretty happy, even though I know he's not close to the same player. He's still a powerful force with the puck on his stick and he's definitely gonna look good in the Habs sweater What vexes me is that I know hab fans are going to shit on him, and I'm hoping he can still show us some of that offensive flair that made him such a dynamic player in the past and I hope he can help push the Habs to the playoffs and go out on a positive note
&gt;holds no water on the fact that Nick Cousins is currently on the first line lol Well I guess that's why they went ahead and got kovalchuck.p Anyways it's kind of telling that clode was more confident in cousins ability to play that top 6 over poehling . Wether you like it or notz cousins has done more for the team this season than poehling. And what cousins is doing is unrelated to the fact that poehling hasn't earned a shot on the top 6 And you seem more intent on putting kotkaniemi on the top line, regardless of wether he actually fits on that line. 7 pts in 26 games ? Kk hasn't earned a spot on the top 6. And also just to clarify, cousins has no business on the top 6 either
Well that's the last time intake the team 690 word for anything
It was a good pickup At least now we won't see kulak fucking embarrass the team anymore
He looks like he's holding in a fart
You're getting loosey goosey with the term prospect with that player the Habs got back.i like the moves made this week. Here's hoping they have a positive impact !
"BuT kUlAk iS a GoOd DmAn" Someone here at r habs
And his slapshkt was elite too. This guy was the complete package offensively speaking . He was big and strong enough to be able to play against big players and not shy away from the physicality, he could score from distance or he could walk in with the puck and beat you with some dangles . He had a great pass and great offensive instinct. This guy was putting up 45+ and 90 pts with regularity in the clutch and grab era. This dude was fucking elite . Best of the best. It's a shame he dipped to khl , because he was a highlight machine
No, but don't shoot mb if he does
Uhh he's not the fun police. I am And it's too early in the seaaon, can we fucking hold on?
It's never too early to set yourself up for the eventual disappointment of UFA season
Ive stopped hyping myself up for ufa a long time ago they just always break my heart and go somewhere else
-_-
That's not what it feels like right now to me
Guess we can't shoot mb now
Yeah but that's like implying that we won't shoot him if he doesn't so shouldn't we not shoot him this way as well? Unless he means that he wants us to shoot him if he's not playing and if that's the case why didn't he say "you can shoot me if hes not playing" unless he really doesn't want to get shot because because of kovalchucks playing or not. But maybe he wants to get shot for something else and this was just a Freudian slip. So maybe we should shoot him just to be safe
All the highlight hits look so effortless. But hes been playing against men for like what.... 2....3 years? His physical maturity compared to his wjc puts him at another level . While I wouldn't expect to see him take the opposition out so effortlessly if he was on the habs roster it looks like theres no reason to believe that he wouldn't be able to successfully transition that physical play to the NHL What's more, hes making these take outs on a hybrid surface, and that hes able to pick his spots so well on a bigger ice surface only goes to highlight his positional play, and iq in picking the spots and getting there without hurting his team
Fucking right Domi You should be frustrated. Not because Domis been struggling but the whole team needs to show some intestinal fortitude and dig in and stop fucking bending over backwards to the opposition
Yessir
The kovalchuck effect
Nothing wrong with country music This is just bad music
Hofer might need to check the rules. You can't try and initiate interference like that with a guy chasing down a loose puck. Even if you're a goaltender. Plus it looks pettty and bush league
Gallagher said it In a spitting Chiclets interview iirc
They should because it would be stupid to commit a penalty like that
Canadian fans in here showing their inability to accept that their team is once again one of the most undisciplined teams in international play
A lot cheaper than in the wpg arena
Whatever helps you sleep at night
Well I mean it's not like Ryder didn't earn a shitload of money as a Nhl player
I mean I won't, because wether you watch it or not won't make one iota of difference to me :/
Are you living in a dream ? This proposal is so far removed from what it would, in reality, cost
Liar liar!
Same
Fun fact. It's not his destiny to join the Habs Anybody who's still strategizing this seasons outcome to somehow try and get laf are living in a dream Land
You could see him try and play the man. It'll come with time
Who?
I've got a solution Pay for cable instead of complaining about someone letting you watch for free
Weise looking faster than I remember?
Your hockey viewing isn't my responsibility. You're just talking bs. You don't want to pay you just want free hockey. and then complain like a 6 yr old because someone's streaming service isn't to your liking
Lol fuck us eh?
NHL refs are a fucking joke
No, you're the real joke
And this is with all that rust
I'm so tired bit on the flip side I Wana see 17 score a goal in the shootout
Well shit looks there's tonnes of ways to watch Habs hockey without bitching about someone streaming the game for you for free!
Not lucky, I just pay for it
I thought you had all night
Kovalchucks been nice today
Yeah yeah I reply to every single comment in every single game day thread. You sound illiterate if you actually believe that
While I'm stoked kovalchuck got a point Can we fucking win some games pls?
Imagine if the Habs actually had a healthy fucking lineup
Ok let me rephrase It's gonna happen. People can downvote reality all they want Lafreniere isn't going to be in a Habs sweater next training camp.
And that would be okay with me This is just getting frustrating
It's frustrating.. it really is
This team has been nothing if not streaky. Maybe they'll string 5w in a row again
While I appreciate you agreeing I know this is gonna get downvoted by people more obsessed with draft picks than playoffs
8-10% wow those are some CANT MJSS ODDS right there FYI that was sarcasm
By not really belonging on the pp in the first place
Kehkonrn is one of those engine style players. His feet are always moving he's always skating hard and he's always chasing after the puck
It's crAZY watching a player with such a high functioning offense iq play for the Habs
Kovalchuck would tell you to shove it and refuse to report to the rocket
I think you may be putting too much expectation on 3 players with a grand total of like .. 5 Nhl games between them? To be *the* answer Like if next season we're saying " we've got caufield in training camp, Romanov signed and primeau as the full time backup" then well i wouldn't quantify that as a "successful" off-season
You flatter me!
Aww shucks
Dies this count shameless self plug https://www.reddit.com/r/Habs/comments/8jgeq8/marc_bergevin_attends_an_intervention/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
It's an old meme but it checks out
Ok fine geeze Ill make a new one gawd!
Okok just the last time i looked for the training video with Bart Troy and Homer it didn't load for some reason but I'll go through my posts and find the hilites
Man it must suck writing so many words only for them to be total nonsense
Maybe my phone is just too old :/
Thanks champ, I'm glad you liked it
This is award enough
He looks like a pedophile would
Colour me absolutely not shocked
On the flip side consumers have been more than happy to gobble it all up as fast as they can
You misunderstood, it's not a matter of putting the responsibility on rather than the other. Sure, certain Industries are the biggest perpetrators. And they absolutely need to change their ways and take the blame. But as a consumer, you can't shout "these guys need to change," if you refuse to make changes yourself. Personal responsibility is important, as consumers we don't bear 0 responsibility for climate change. We consume the products that are a byproduct of pollution, we use technology which directly creates pollution. The average Joe is absolutely responsible for climate change and the average Joe needs to identify and make changes to their lifestyle in order to help make a difference in the environment I'm not excusing the industries, but consumers are nowhere near free of blame
Well I guess at a certain point everyone has a point in which money becomes more valuable to them than reducing their carbon footprint
God hates us We have strayed too far from His Light He sounds the Trumpets of Judgement
Well he does have to communicate He's not free of blame
Theres plenty of ways to reduce a carbon footprint without actually spending more money. Ignoring and refusing to do them because *BiG cOrPoRATiOn* is a mindset that dooms us to failure People don't have to wait for government to mandate change. They can do a bit themselves as well
Sure if you take out 8 players from any team they're not icing a particularly decent team
I got it, you're a troll. The only clients you have are make believe
Flawless victority
Nonono you save level 100 for when you beat the everloving snot out of Leon for doubting you
They're going to party City to party late into the night
Pekah
MR.. W O R L D W I D E
The trick is to not have hope I dont hope for high draft pick I dont hope for playoffs I don't hope for big trades I don't hope for ufa signings That's the trick
The reverse fedorov and markov
Tx
Nop
You're confusing Pure offense with purely offense One describes having super high offensive skill the other describes only having offensive talent
I think I just replied to the wrong person who said Ovechkin isnt pure offense
And since hes a little tyke hes making up for all the times he couldn't reach it
Imagine being the guy who hates bettman for carrying out the will of the owners.
Did you even .... play the dlc?
I think you posted this to the wrong sub Am I missing something?
The nort saga is done. The next game is probably going to be all forerunners. I'd imagine they might throw in an in between game where they finally find sora. Who knows theres a lot of directions the next one can take, but xehanort xemnas ansem (the seeker of darkness) will not be in them. Unless if course flashbacks happen but otherwise I'd be surprised
Ughhhh what's going on in the back.....
What about bros
GGO one season spinoff was way more enjoyable than when SAO switched games
Oh you're right.. my bad
Fair enough, well I think I'll start off with vrv and take it from there
Uh oh....
I think the refs just hate their jobs and have collectively decided to just try and one up themselves to shit the bed
You're talking about that speech the MoM gave young xehanort in the beginning right ?
&gt;!like this ? I've been a lazy fan &lt;\3 I've only watched the back cover movie and while I knew ven was a dandelion and the streilitza murder (shes the unnamed star in the land of ocean and air right?) I just didn't put the two together Like yeah make lie 10 games and have their timelines all over the place no problem.. but the mobile game just takes forever to advance the story I just cant do it :'(!&lt; I cant seem to get it..to work
I think people going this far in our thread are by now well aware that spoilers are happening Doesnt &gt;!yozo!&lt; only refer to the star as &gt;!"that girl?!&lt; AAHA &gt;!I DID IT!&lt;
Lead me into everlasting darkness
Ok.
Ok
Imagine being this upset over $30 You have some serious issues
You know what you should do? Take a nap, recharge your batteries calm down and move on.. If you're going to fly off the handle because someone says "ok" then it sounds like you might just need a nap It's a game, move on It's 30$, move on Dont buy any more kingdom hearts games and feel proud about your protest .
Your parents must be so proud of you
Y'all need jesus
Eggzactly
Because normal people dont tell strangers to go fuck themselves or that they're shit at their job. Of course, I'm making the assumption that you're a normal, functioning member of society..
Theyr biggest problems weren't an inability to surround their players. Their inability was finding usable players outside the top 5.. The other problem is Edmonton (because of their absolutely garbage trash drafting and buffalo because of selling all their assets to drop in the standings had no players and basically had to start from scratch Their losing attitudes caused people like ROR to actively lose interest and and motivation and they ended up trading him for what? Peanuts?? If the top has a loser attitude where it becomes not only acceptable but the goal Is to lose, you're going to have a hard time keeping weber and price interested and not demand a trade (loss of value) Resigning players like gallagher or Tatar or petry Attracting ufa players Theres a reason edm and buffalo had trouble surrounding their players with good talent.. nobody wants to play for a loser Bad management is a side effect of tanking
Hes sticking up for the medical staff who have been unfairly criticized by people with 0 medical education
I like how 5he only two options include him playing on the habs come October
So all the chirithys from ux are x-blades ?
Y'all need jesus
If longevity is the relevance then yes... seasons played is relevant
My achey breaky heart
&gt;Backes needs to LTIR for the rest of the contract. He gets the money, bruins get cap relief, and no more potential head injuries. He's earned a nice beach vacay for the rest of his days They literally said he is fit and able to play. It's not cheating the rules if it's for compassion..right?
It looks like he's got a decent head on his shoulders Hopefully he comes up soon so he can do a baking strudle with struble segment
When did Rei soul transfer into unit 00, she merges with lillith to start final impact , did miss something?
&gt;How many total lay-offs do you think happened in the Groupe CH today I dunno I guess you can enlighten me &gt;the towers and the hockey club are not making any money. I mean I don't keep up to date on these things, so where's the source for this ?
so what kind of changes would you expect to see if Vincent damphousse actually gets hired to the position
I think Brian Burke has a new favorite team
There's still an unconfirmed report of about 20 employees getting laid off (marketing, communications, ticket sales) but I mean that kind of makes sense, these are most likely salaried employees, getting their pay regardless of being shutdown. It's not crazy that these people are being let go, and they'll most likely be first in line for the job when they resume operations. It's how any business operates. And they may still get assistance from that 6 million dollar find the team set up But it's an unconfirmed report. Take it for what you will
So you want it to be non sketchy BUT with pop up ads?
End of the world. It's just great all around.
I was expecting a brawl not gonna lie
Seems unlikely at this point in time no?
Lol the sens are run by amateurs. How can the Nhl not see that being run by melnyk makes the league look like a bush league
Who?
&gt;big body capable of playing dirty So like kk? He took out petterson and got in that fight last season
Nobody cares about your bidet
So how many of you are back at work or are still staying home all day since your place of employment is still closed
Man they're just pumping them out like candies
And some of us even call it the national bank building!
Yes, in hindsight it seems like the correct one was made
A what ?
Imagine,considering being combative with reporters as a reason to fire a general manager. It's probably the lowest on my list of why to fire a gm. The most important part is the plan, and how well you can pull it off, and Geoff Molson seems to approve. I can't pretend to know how he convinced Molson, or if what he put forth to the owner would convince me. But I think that mb gets the benefit of the doubt *because* of how he thinks a team should be built and how he goes about doing.
&gt;ultimately an appeal to authority That's not what I'm trying to do, what I'm trying to get at is, behind closed doors, away from us, Molson has most definitely asked "what's going wrong, what couldn't you pull off, why, what did you try, how will you rectify this " or something in that spirit. Whatever he said, was good enough to keep his job, maybe it would have convinced you too,or maybe it wouldn't have.. There's a lot of insider stuff we don't know about, we just see the finished product, which I'm sure you definitely don't see as a valid reason. Either get the job done or GTFO , right? but you're right, Molson believing in him doesn't point one way or another towards if hes doing a good job. It just points to "he's doing something the owner likes" &gt;You’re not wrong, but I don’t necessarily think a bit of internal strife would be a bad thing in this situation Well i mean, there's plenty of instances where it went wrong,Jim harbaugh comes to mind, as does the whole tallon Rowe thing. And I'm sure plenty of other instances. Internal strife is bad, even competition in this case is bad. There's a fine line in management between building off eachother and competing with eachother. Eventually someone wants more power than the other guy, or they disagree on something so strongly they lose the ability to cooperate effectively. I would imagine, If a president gets hired it's someone who believes in the direction, and philosophy of the current gm
It's not the main focus of what was originally said, no. But it's the thing you decided to focus on in your reply.
My apologies, I was just using it as an example that there was an obvious first mandate, and he was given a second different mandate.
&gt;Then explain to me why Geoff fired Pierre Gauthier back then. It does not fit with your opinion. I'm confused. I'm saying mb is doing something Molson agrees with, how does Gauthier being fired have anything to do with that ?
Yeah I'm not a big fan of their UI (at least on my PS4)
Yeah and lately it keeps logging me off instead of keeping me logged in. I love the service, but I'm like ehhhhhh as far as interacting with the app it's clunky
Or they could have gotten it twice
For some reason Id imagine you'd have to test negative after the first positive test in order to qualify as having it "a second time " as opposed to "they still test positive" But that's just my assumption
Ninja scroll has gore and samurai
Why's that
Caufield doesn't have a contract so makar ism kind of irrelevant. The Habs have already indicated that they'd prefer him in the NCAA , with caufield agreeing.so putting caufield on the roster is ignoring the facts. They won't deviate from that plan just because they're in a play in round In fact I don't think caufield can even sign a contract for the play in round
A coup or coup d'état /ˌkuː deɪˈtɑː/ ￼listen (help·info) (French: [ku deta], literally "blow of state"; plural: coups d'état, pronounced like the singular form, also known simply as an ousting, overthrow or putsch) is the forcible removal of an existing government from power through violent means. Typically, it is an illegal, unconstitutional seizure of power by a political faction, the military, or a dictator.[1] Many scholars consider a coup d'état successful when the usurpers seize and hold power for at least seven days.[1]
°x°
You mean Karl wallzner
Yeah it's AT LEAST 2 MM thick
One of us
Lol'd- wait no!
Even with lafreniere, if their defence is trash, they still won't win any playoff series
Are you familiar with the concept of karma ? Because what you wrote seems to imply you've never heard of it
Yeah but having a franchise player doesnt mean you get to the cup finals. There have been plenty of teams with franchise players who haven't even made the cup finals, wether that franchise player was there short term or long term
