Pretty sure that's the plot to Death Stranding
They said in the NA LCS AMA that they're open to the idea of showing/casting more of them if the demand is there.
I was hoping to see mid Fly and coach Flyy on FLY this season too
Whoa no one could have seen this amazing joke coming
I think it'd also be a different story if he were a leader-type personality or someone who could mentor younger players. He's shown (and said) that he doesn't want to be that. That's completely fine, a person's personality is what it is, but it's a fairly big limiter on his value to teams. You get him for his skill and his skill only.
Never underestimate a cult of personality
Ah my mistake. Updated, thank you!
To be fair to Matt, he was struggling a lot with depression and other issues. He seems to have gotten his mental (and physical!) health under control, so if he can shine this split will be his time to show it.
Very true. Though i'll argue we've seen glimpses of Matt's upside more than we saw LOD's and Goldenglue's. Especially at the end when playing with Mickey, Matt seemed to have picked things up significantly.
I don't think so, FLY has two veterans on it in Shrimp and Keane.
People even came out and said how dangerous it is to make incorrect rumors. Bearsdrinkdecalf then threw an emo fit and made one of his numerous unhinged posts, dude refused to ever consider the impact of his actions.
Yup. Seeing other parts of the world is a great experience. He might be like Bjergsen or Froggen and want to stay permanently, or he might just find it an interesting temporary experience. Can't know until you try, but missing out on the opportunity would probably leave regret.
I mean, do you think he'd be where he is if he didn't learn from the GOAT Kiwikid?
Easy to forget about Huhi's ASol until he slaps you with his big, galactic dong
Everyone in the team has a masters of business administration degree
Blizzard seems worse, at least from my outsider perspective. They've almost completely ignored the region except for a single OWL slot. OGN cancelled APEX. Is there any other professional Overwatch stuff in Korea now that APEX is dead? Only giving one OWL slot is like Riot killing every LCK team except SKT. Riot taking over LCK is something that a lot of Korean viewers seem okay with, at least going by Inven reactions. Blizzard's handling of Overwatch seems far worse in that case.
Riot says the individual branches decide their format. Riot China didn't go with bo1, I doubt we'll see Riot Korea go that direction either. Neither of those regions have the viewership struggles that NA and EU have, and bo1 is a reaction to those viewership issues.
I have to imagine if Riot is setting up for full production in Korea, they'll hire OGN production people in that process. It'd be fairly difficult to hire a full production staff without having any overlap with the current OGN production staff. We saw this with OWL recently, there's plenty of ex-Riot people on that staff. Chances are while it'll be different, we'll definitely see some OGN influences in the production.
The lack of FoV upgrade definitely means what i'm willing to pay is limited. If it's $300 or under sure, but otherwise i'm waiting for something with a better FoV. That bothers me more than resolution.
It honestly felt like a Wii game to me. The 'hook' of being the first, big VR MMO was no where near strong enough to cover for it being so unfun to play on a fundamental level. VRChat covers the social aspect for me much better with no price of entry and bad gameplay I have to engage with.
I think also the FoV would be a bigger issue than people think. Imagine having to work all day while having a FoV as small as you have in the Vive -- it'd be horrible.
Yup. Resolution is very much secondary to FoV for me. I stop noticing the resolution as soon as I'm in-game, but I notice the FoV constantly.
Yeah, I've spent a total of $900 on my Vive hardware between it and the DAS. I'm not willing to dump a lot more money into a simple spec upgrade when a lot of it (camera, audio, weight) isn't things I really care about in the first place. For me to invest in new hardware there has to be a much bigger leap than that. FoV, foveated rendering, body tracking, a vastly smaller form, that sort of stuff.
It's a bit of a self-perpetuating problem as well. Being known as a choker has to get to you, and if you falter in a high pressure situation you're going to think on that and it'll eat at you and contribute to the choking. It's a tough situation.
I think that's why someone like Hai or Aphro is really valuable. For all the veterans TSM had, they didn't have that rock of mentality. DL even said Bjerg can tilt if things go south
I wonder if that's what he was referencing when he was talking to Thoorin and saying that what the team needs to get to the next level isn't something he can provide. You can have all the strategic knowledge in the world, but if you can't keep their morale and mental state good, then it's worthless. Parth isn't a psychologist or Wheldon-style figure, that situation after the loss that DL talks about doesn't seem like something Parth could fix.
Akaadian said on the OpTic podcast that you can see who the players are that still have the drive, and they're the players that will always improve. Conversely, players who don't will stagnant and -- while they may still be good -- will eventually drop off because that missing drive. He listed Doublelift as one of the players in the first category, the dude is hardworking and motivated as hell.
Yeah, I don't have any issue with this. What would be the advantage of keeping a boring item that you use just for vision, rather than rolling it in to other more interesting items? All it does is increase options and flexibility.
It doesn't have to be a problem for there to be a better solution. There's not really any interesting strategy or flexibility provided by having sightstone. It's pretty much just an early tax on supports until they can start diversifying and building more interesting items.
He also said there was a big ego on the team that no one could criticize, that had to have been Froggen or Looper.
I think purely off the current jungle talent that's the case. Players like Wiggily, AnDa, blaberfish all look super promising and NA has had quite good results with rookie junglers lately.
On the other hand, if there's a good set of players to cut your teeth on and train against, it's the current top lane pool. It should help him improve massively and quickly, rather than if he was playing in a pool of weaker players.
To be fair, Gleeb was a good player, he just struggled with mental health issues which there was no way they could have anticipated. Now he's fully off the rails, dude has lost his damn mind.
Yeah, I don't think even Gleeb knew it would be a problem since I doubt he would have put himself through it if he had. TSM signed a promising player and then it turned out the person behind the player had serious health issues.
What headset did you try with 200 degree FoV? That sounds awesome
It's kinda profound how far ahead SEA is, we're squabbling over signing single players and they've realized that two is better than one.
Well now I want pop music to end sentences with "kawaii"
I wouldn't be surprised if we see he and Licorice compete for the main roster toplane somewhat. Shiro is a beast.
NV was a playoff team with Seraph and nearly no coaching staff. There's a lot of staff behind them now as well as one of the best western mids and a sidegrade (at the least) in top. Even if Solo is a downgrade at first, he can play tanks better than Seraph and doesn't int randomly. I don't see how CG doesn't make playoffs.
TSM just got rid of Biofrost because he didn't communicate enough. I imagine turning around and signing a jungler with the same problem wasn't something they'd do; especially compared to MikeYeung who on his short stint in play got a reputation for being incredibly vocal even as a rookie.
Yes, it's still important for a player to feed information and help with calls. He might not be, Contractz had a while to develop in challenger with C9A and then an entire year with C9, but I think TSM doesn't want to play with fire and get another player who might not have the communication skills they want/need.
IIRC they got rid of Bio for communication issues, wanted to sign only Mithy to play with DL, but them being a package deal + not wanting a repeat of the Yellowstar split made them get rid of DL.
I also think there'll be more overlap between the regions. I know I used to watch all of EU when it was bo1, but with bo3 there was too much league. I could barely watch all of NA none-the-less watch EU. With it going back to bo1 i'll be watching EU again alongside NA. Plus with it all going back to the same twitch channel, people will see the notification and might tune in even if it's not their 'main' region.
That's my excuse when i feed as ekko
Travis owns CLG, the current "owner" is just a puppet. \#FollowTheMoney
The faithful shall be rewarded
The infamous Paragon Maneuver of a coach subbing himself in
Don't think so? As far as I can tell he didn't write that Riot Pls
Man I used to feel that way, but life is so much more enjoyable when you don't care about stuff like that. People aren't going to look at your jacket and go "100 Thieves... what's that? Oh, a video game team? NERD!" People don't care, you shouldn't care either. Wear what makes you happy.
I hope you enjoy it! It's incredibly fun to watch once you get into it.
Didn't he even say he just flat out fat fingered it which caused the infamous misplay? That's definitely stress.
Impossible to sneak up on a man watching all directions at once
Ehh, i'm not so sure. I think players on 100T have a much better track record than the counterparts on Dig. Keane has never had much success despite some bright spots -- Ryu has. Shrimp constantly floated around challenger and was average in LCS, Meteos is one of the best NA junglers ever. Dig's bot was good (Altec + Adrian had some really high highs, though inconsistent), but Aphromoo lends a ton of leadership and shotcalling to the team. Cody Sun is the only weak point on the team, but he still has room to grow and a player like Aphro can help him do it.
I also think having a super vocal player like RO with him should help. The entire burden won't be on Huhi.
Oh definitely, Ryu was really bad last split, but he has had higher highs in his career. Ryu at his peak blows Keane out of the water. My point is about the potential of the roster. It may very well be that Ryu and Meteos still have poor motivation and look just as bad, and perhaps Aphro's slump continues, and in that case they'll be far worse than Dig. But if we see Ryu, Meteos and Aphro back in form, this roster will be far better than Dig and it won't be Ssumday 1v9.
Yeah, it's better to play the games than to just forfeit. It doesn't benefit the players or the teams at all to forfeit.
I'm excited to see if Godenglue can finally show up
Yeah I second this. I really liked this format to see all the game results and discussion in one place. There's not going to be enough interest in the unstreamed friday games to where individual threads would do very well.
I mean, the LCS doesn't exist if viewership is gone, so yes it's pretty needed. The LCK and LPL don't have viewership issues so bo3 is more viable.
I'd prefer the LCS actually survive, which means there has to be viewership.
Sure, but there was serious issues of viewer fatigue. I consider myself a diehard LCS fan and I couldn't even keep up with all the games, I went from watching every LCS game of both EU and NA during bo1, to watching most (but not all) of NA and none of europe. Riot says their data backs it up that bo3 was a big hit to viewership. Groups and broadcasting times play a part, but Riot is trying to make NA and EU more sustainable, when most of the teams can't make a profit that is really bad and has to change at some point. Part of fixing that means that they need to get viewership back up.
Dude is single-handedly making me a 100T fan when I couldn't care less about the team when it was first announced. He's like Rick Fox in that he's insanely likable and charismatic.
Not winning won't kill the LCS. Sports teams don't die because they don't win. People watch LCS for the stories, competition, personalities and gameplay. Sure, fans would also like them to win Worlds, but that's not the decider between a region living and dying. Look at regions like Brazil that are growing in popularity despite being even further from winning Worlds.
It wouldn't die, but bo3 with mediocre viewership is bad for everyone except the most die hard fans. Bo1 is better for a lot of viewers and that increased viewership helps teams sustain themselves in the long run to make sure there's an LCS at all. There's only so long teams can lose money before they start withdrawing
All jokes aside, it's awesome that we're seeing some big sponsors come in. Rocket Mortgage, Dr Pepper, Snickers. Teams are making big moves, and sponsors seem a lot more willing to get in when there's no more relegation.
This year is gonna be him vs Nadeshot for most affable
It wasn't as much a 'problem' as it took a hit. Viewership was okay, but it had been on a downward trend since moving to bo3. Viewer fatigue and multiple streams had an impact, and instead of having views spread out across the day like in bo1, we saw viewership spike for the popular teams and then dip harshly for the less popular teams. People weren't going to stick around for the bo3s they don't care about, they'd have to dedicate multiple hours for it. Comparatively, during the bo1 days, you only have at most 1 game between one you might be interested in. If you have a game you don't care about sandwiched between two games you do care about, in a bo1 format there's a much higher chance that viewer will stick around rather than turn it off. Ultimately Riot is making a huge push to increase monetization options and sustainability for the LCS regions. In the short term at the very least, that means moving back towards bo1 to help viewership. I have no doubt (and they've even said it I believe) that bo3 is certainly an option in the future if they can get the league into a healthier spot.
Damonte looked good when he subbed into LCS last split. I think he's legitimately promising and could be a solid LCS mid.
Rey from Star Wars: TFA Luffy from One Piece (Dressrosa arc) The hunter from Monster Hunter World and Kaladin from Way of Kings I think we could take him. We have enough raw power between Luffy, Rey and Kaladin that they could keep him busy, and the monster hunter is adept at planning and taking down crazy monsters. With 6 months to prep we could create a very good plan
Can't say I agree. There are numerous big personalities in huge money leagues like NBA and NFL. Having a personality isn't dependent on the ability to cuss. I have 0 doubt that Sneaky would be entertaining regardless of if he could say "welcome to my butthole"
Also, I don't think there's any reason that one of the two people in the bot lane HAS to be a AD carry. No other lane or role in the game is that restricted. Every other role has a large diversity of champs to play, usually ranging from squishy carry to tanks. Even support ranges from damage champs like Zyra or Brand to tanks like Braum. Why not try to change the ADC role to being that too? Instead of having to choose from ADC 1 or ADC 2, give them a wider diversity of champions to play and open comps more. It'd be interesting to see a world where League becomes less strict in regards to team composition. Having Ziggs become a popular bot lane champ in competitive was a small glimpse of that, and it was super interesting imo.
I'm imagining the basketball scene from Flubber with Robert Baratheon
CLG 2.0 or IMT 2.0?
That's going to be a fun match up. I'm also super excited for Jensen vs Fenix. Both are so aggressive.
Contractz did better than xmithie internationally...
but if he goes the crumbz route that means he ends up leaving for Overwatch =(
I feel like even in Aphro's worst moments he still brought a lot of intangibles to the team in leadership, shotcalling and being a mentality rock, I highly doubt a team with Aphro could have happen to them what DL talked about happening to TSM where everyone shut down and lost morale.
This interview was hilarious. I think [these pictures](https://twitter.com/wackman3209/status/954874797111967744) speak a thousand words about their rivalry.
Not saying OWL is going to die, but week 1 numbers are deceptive. It's the big new thing with a lot of advertising, a lot of people were going to tune in and I would have been amazed if it *didn't* do big numbers. Further weeks in is where we see what the viewership actually is. Yesterday OWL's viewership was 1/3rd of its opening day, hovering ~120k. Will that number go up or down over time?
Considering that Optic put up a fight against TL and 100T -- two of the best looking teams right now -- we might be in a world where Optic is better than both TSM and CLG.
Seriously. Watching him is a treat. He perfectly times barrel attacks to constantly deny Darshan. His near 2v1 against Darshan and Huhi. The man is an absolute monster.
I'm so hype to see Ssumday vs Huni.
Optic put TL on the back foot and Echo Fox looks even stronger in early game. I think it'll be a super interesting matchup.
It'll probably change over time, but holy I love that the top teams right now aren't the regulars. Having a legitimate fight for the top spot between 100T and Echo Fox is a lot more fun to me than watching TSM, CLG and C9 battle it out for top 3 again.
That's why I said "it'll probably change"! I have little doubt that those teams will stabilize and climb back up the standings, it's hard to ignore their pedigree -- but until then I can enjoy things being shaken up.
Holy, do you all forget to read? I said in my comment it will probably change. I'm allowed to enjoy the present even if it will probably be different in the future
Eh even beyond TSM they just looked a bit rusty, but that's to be expected coming off a break. Both of them had some silly things they did and mispositions/misplays that you can't pin on TSM.
Deftly &gt; Deft tbh
I mean, going by the standings, 100T and Echo Fox are literally top teams. Whether you actually rate them as that is a different discussion, but my entire point was that I find it cool that it's early enough in the split that it's not the usual teams holding the top spots. No shit I can't make a conclusive "Echo Fox is the best team in NA" statement right now, which is why I never did. But look at the actual standings of the NA LCS and re-read my original comment, the current top teams in the standings after week 1 aren't the old guard. That can change in a few weeks, but at the moment I find it entertaining to have it be changed up. No where in my post did I say that CLG and TSM are actually bad and will somehow end the split in last place, I never made any sweeping statements about actual tream strength. I just find it fun that Echo Fox vs 100T for #1 could be a legitimate matchup in a few weeks, I find it cool to have things be different.
Impact is good but no way is he Huni's level
What's 5 seconds when it already takes me an hour to load into dalaran
I have one, but it's relatively small (256gb) so keeping WoW on it takes up too much space. I do miss the fast loads!
I have to put more on my SSD than just WoW and the OS
I plan on doing so soon!
Unfortunately he's still looking closer to TL RO than IMT RO. That's doubly unfortunate because, unlike most other teams, CLG doesn't really have good academy options they could sub in if needed. Omar probably didn't become LCS ready in the last 3 months.
Yeah, Deftly is a complete rookie and has looked fine. He's on a dumpster team and -- unless he could somehow hard carry -- has looked about as good as one could expect of a rookie on a bad team. Going by what would be expected of both of them, Stixxay is easily looking worse than Deftly.
Both of them are known as being scrim gods, hell Jensen even requested Goldenglue for Academy so he can train against him. Chances are the low pressure environment helps them both show up, I don't think it's indicative of league strength -- though Academy is obviously weaker than LCS, it's a bunch of rookies.
...paid by steve??
Ryu the Ballerina
It's late in the day, so likely nearly no EU is watching. Even with that: Two of the least popular teams -- 27k on YouTube, 10k on the second Phreak stream, 100k for main stream, 137k viewers on just the English streams for two of the least popular teams playing at the end of the day. That's pretty good imo.
Do you have any sort of source for that or are you just making things up? The bottom teams with no fanbase have ever had high viewership, especially when they're at the end of the day. Edit: Actually nm, not gonna put energy into this bitter-ass thread lol
Phreak + EU banter = banger
Bears are a constant danger in Huni's life, you never know when one will appear and one-shot you
His power is reduced from being on the Academy squad, so it's about a 50-50 on who will win
His interview before the game was fairly telling imo. Ovilee asked what he thinks the best version of GGS would look like, like later in the split after a lot of coaching and etc. Part of his answer was something like the roster not having raw talent, but winning through cohesion and teamwork. If the *coach* is even saying that the roster doesn't have strong talent, that's not very good. Other rosters can and will have just as strong teamwork and cohesion, but better individual players too.
Damonte looks pretty good and LCS-caliber. Then again, I don't think Hai is the problem. Hai can work if he has a strong team around him, but GGS is weak in every lane.
Contractz gets the award for worst off-season decision any player made. He could have been on C9 still.
Yup, there was also a huge question of synergy. Everyone on the team (barring Huni) has had pretty big ups and downs in their career. Even beyond the toxic stuff, Dardoch had a pretty weak split on CLG. Altec/Adrian have been up and down in their careers, and Adrian has bounced around teams a lot. Fenix was in CS where he didn't look amazing. It was pretty easy to see a world where we got the worst form of these players rather than the best and this was a lower placed team.
Optic at least shows signs of life. They get leads and put up a strong fight in games, they just really struggle to close out or push an advantage. I think GGS is handily 10th atm, but we'll see after they play CLG.
Sneaky was saying in the second stream that he was surprised they grabbed Kalista, since he thinks Kog should be the #1 pick if left up (which iirc he was).
It was done because they are of the opinion that having the start time different on two consecutive days will be more confusing for viewers and thus worse than just having it start later on both days. I kinda agree with them.
Oh i'm not saying he's wrong, just that it puts a very clear upper limit on the team. This is not going to be a team that can go very far.
Every single game is nuts, they're so aggressive. They might be my favorite team to watch since LMQ.
It also sounds like they don't even have their racials all finalized, so they're probably not ready for release
The viewership has been higher than last split, despite being on at the same time as the CSGO major and OWL. That seems pretty good to me. It was over 200k for nearly every match.
?? Zandalari aren't available yet
It's Always Snowy in Moscow
I personally find it fun to have some classes that are 'bad'. Warlocks and Death Knights are not exactly good people most likely, but they are a huge war asset. They're tolerated because they get results and for the most wield that power for their faction. It'd be weirder to me to have people enslaving demons and wielding fel and then them trying to say "well you know i'm actually a very nice and good person!", or these walking specters of death being painted as something less innately sinister and deadly.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tirion was his first choice, and the player character was his second choice. Morgraine is powerful and influential, but the player is even more so at this point. If it had been us killed by the light instead, I imagine he would have been more than happy to raise the player as the last horseman. He'd have the DKs in his control even more strongly in that instance.
Also, I have more time after work than I had as a student. Once I'm home I don't have to worry about homework or tests, so my time is actually mine.
Sorry for potentially stupid question: would that mean no new MacBook this year, or just they'd be announcing it somewhere else?
What blows my mind is thinking that somewhere out there an alien probably is just going about their existence the same way I am. So completely unimaginable to each other, a separation between us the scale of which can't be grasped. What is that thing's existence like?
What's the quote? Something like "either we're alone in the universe or not, and either one is terrifying"
And now try to imagine there's aliens out there going about their lives but the distance separating us is beyond comprehension. Impassable levels of distance to where either of us learning the other exists is likely impossible by the laws of physics.
Of course. The man is the embodiment of male sexuality. His appeal crosses gender barriers.
King of the Hill 2: Hank is tasked with building a large hadron collider with nothing but propane and metal.
Any idea if the regular (non-pro) MacBook is having issues as often? It feels like I've seen a lot of pro experiences like yours, but not many for the non-pro. Is that just from the pro being more popular?
Or, if like me, you have a horrible problem of keeping a lot of tabs open.
They list out the 9 teams that will be hosting in the article, TSM is not one
I hope we get to see some nuts LCS matches on this patch
I won't have to imagine it if we see this patch in LCS!
It's really annoying that so many are acting like this exact patch is the future, that because crit ADC are a bit too weak right now that it'll always be the case. If Riot can tweak it to where we retain the current diversity in bot *plus* have crit ADC be viable, that seems like an awesome path for the game. That introduces a ton of openness to a lane that was incredibly static since season 1.
Because from a game design perspective it also makes no sense to arbitrarily restrict bot to being just an ADC and a support. People can still play ADCs bot, but now we can also see other stuff down there. People aren't forced to learn and play Irelia, plenty of ADCs have good win rates.
People don't like change, and there is a viable complaint that crit ADCs are too weak and need changes (which iirc are on the PBE?). I haven't seen a good argument, even from pros, as to why more bot lane diversity is actually bad because people keep boiling it down to ADC being too weak. But if ADC was buffed *and* there's more botlane diversity, what is the drawback of that? Having to bite the bullet and learn new champion roles is not a valid complaint and will just mean that up and coming players who are more adaptable would take those player spots.
As someone who finds Graves a blast to play but it absolute flaming garbo at Jungle -- this excites me.
Yup. I'm a person switching to iPhone in the next year, but it's awesome that both exist. They both have strengths and ensure there's something for everyone. I used to be the person who loves flashing new Android roms and messing with the phone on a low level, and Android was great for that
Also, it might go without saying but make sure you get AppleCare+. Even without the keyboard issues, insure your expensive device. It comes out to like a quarter a day for 3 years of peace of mind.
That's to be expected with such a big meta shift. Teams and players will adapt and the level of gameplay will go up over time. This is the first time the players have had to do something like this in a long time so there's going to be growing pains. I some some analyst on Twitter say this is a meta that is going to show who the teams are with actual good fundamentals (vision, teamwork, etc.) are
Player rank isn't really a necessity for talking about higher level stuff like macro. Zikz, MarkZ aren't high ranked. Monte wasn't high ranked. Yet they understand (or understood in Monte's case) the game at a high level. It's the micro that high rank provides. Understanding how to play a lane and matchups on a very detailed level, stuff like that.
IIRC they didn't want to have another synergy situation like Yellowstar \+ DL so they decided it was safer to take Zven/Mithy as a package rather than just get Mithy and hope he can work with DL.
Makes me bummed I never got to see the mmo. I'd love to explore these places.
CLGA is really good so that may be why, they're one of the best teams in Academy.
Yup, and imo Wiggly is an upgrade over Omar. I think they'll be scary this split.
Yeah, Omargod was CLGA's jungler last split and C9A had Wiggly
I think that's part of the reason people loved those expansions so much. You're fighting alongside huge lore characters like Thrall and taking down people like Arthas and Illidan -- but that's not sustainable since you run out of big lore characters from WC3 to kill eventually. They traded epic fights for killing off a lot of important characters that they didn't replace. That exhaustion of their character pool eventually lead to "well shit, we'll just time travel so we can use dead characters again!" As fun as BC was, it was absolutely disastrous for the lore and the effects are still seen today imo. Kael'thas was my favorite character in WC3 and i'm still bitter about how they ruined him.
I honestly feel like it comes down to communication. Blizzard is horrible at it and it doesn't help things. Players are fine with change that seems good, like the Demonology changes, but look at something like Shamans. They seem to be in a really bad spot and Blizzard says nothing except generic "we'll make them better" type stuff. It's the opposite of a company like Riot where they make stupid changes sometimes, but they at least communicate and say where they want to get it to, how they intend to fix it, etc. Blizzard coming out and saying "here's what we want to do for Shamans (or x class), but it'll take time" would help so much. Instead they leave people in the dark and it feels horrible when you combine that with changes that seem bad.
Yeah I was a bit disappointed in how the Emerald Dream/nightmare was handled. It had been built up for a while. Malfurion was a huge WC3 character who was suspiciously missing from the world... and that was exciting! It brought up so many questions of *why*. Any time Malfurion was brought up it was mentioned he was fighting against the Emerald Nightmare alongside Ysera. It made it so exciting because I could only imagine what he was doing in there, this hugely important and powerful druid completely absent from the world fighting an unseen threat, that we're fighting these world-ending threats but whatever he's fighting against is even more dangerous, that he can't risk leaving the Dream to help us. We could even find Ysera's sleeping body, her physical body asleep as she fights alongside Malfurion. There was those unused emerald dream assets in vanilla(?) that made it seem like Blizzard had a plan for it we'd see eventually. It made me think it was this huge epic storyline that would eventually be capitalized on. The heroes would eventually be called to join Malfurion in the Emerald Dream to fight against the nightmare. But it just ended up being some of a zone and a dedicated raid. It felt like years of buildup that was thrown away. My problem with WoW's story is there's so much potential and story that could be done, but it feels like it's constantly mishandled. Like Blizzard sets up all these story threads that could lead to something amazing, but by intent or incompetence it never happens. It's an amazing universe that I find it harder and harder to engage with as time goes on because the story feels inconsequential and thrown together. Like me speculating on what could happen or where the story could go is pointless because whatever it actually ends up being seems borderline thoughtless and half baked. A world and story that invites you to engage with it but never rewards doing so.
I own a Versa and it's easily the worst smartwatch I've bought. Trying to get it to even connect to my phone (Pixel XL) has been a nightmare. The music controls don't work well. There's constant sync issues. When it works it's a decent smart watch, but I could not recommend it at all and regret buying it. I finally managed to get it updated yesterday but the app can't recognize it's updated, so it constantly wants to update it again yet when I try to let it do so the app just gets stuck in a loading loop. Having seen my brother's Apple Watch, I recommend sticking with that.
I don't have high hopes for Keane this split. He has never been a top tier player, and the level of competition has only gone up, how can he stand against The GODenglue?
He had a strong first showing and people hoped he'd be able to build off of that and improve into being the next strong NA talent. Unfortunately it doesn't seem like that was the case.
I was really hoping we'd see Tuesday or Damonte get picked up for a starting lineup, but instead we see Keane yet again despite him never showing he's a top tier player.
I was only half joking. Goldenglue looked better yesterday than Keane has looked so far. Keane has always been very inconsistent and usually ranges between upper middle pack and bottom tier -- and that was when the overall level of competition was lower. That's not going to hold up against the current level of competition. There's not a single bad mid right now. Hell, Mickey and Ryu are probably two of the lower tier players considering the competition, and both would be players i'd consider better than Keane. I personally think FlyQuest would have been better suited trying to pick up either Damonte or Tuesday, as both were standouts in Academy. I think Keane is going to be a weak point on the roster.
Yeah, last split he went from playing with Jensen -- one of the most lane dominant players in NA -- to playing with Hai. That's going to be hard to make look good.
I also feel like if anyone could help them get over stage performance issues, it's the C9 coaching staff.
That was the case during his time on P1, but Nadeshot and the 100T staff were very clear that they weren't going to pick up a player that didn't have drive, and that Meteos seemed to have that back.
I think he's done flat out well considering his two matches have been against Febiven and PoE, two really good players, and he held his own. Who knows if it'll last, but it's exciting to see a native NA mid do well.
It's weird how so many people are quick to jump on the "league is dying!!" train at any moment they can. I can never tell if it's self-loathing league fans, or bitter people from other games who hate league and wish it was dying.
Considering Goldenglue has been doing really well in LCS despite going against strong players like Febiven and PoE, I don't think it's because Jensen fucked up deeply. Goldenglue has looked good in scrims. If Jensen is having attitude/motivation issues *and* looking worse in scrims, it seems pretty logical to sub in Goldenglue. It's not like they subbed in a stinker and are suffering with a bad player just to send a message to Jensen.
It is, but if Sneaky wanted to leave after this split I highly doubt Jack would hold his contract hostage. That's a easy way to get really bad PR and have really bad player morale.
I don't think Sven is super good, but C9 didn't really have many options between the splits. There were no strong free agents available, and Blaberfish is incredibly new to competitive and probably isn't ready for LCS with how young and new he is. Sven does well enough that he won't hurt them domestically, but I think he will be a liability internationally.
Let Sneaky play jungle Taliyah. The game would implode.
Damn son, I'm joking about breaking the game, you're trying to break the universe.
I'm curious if Lira dropped off or he just looked good because summer 2017 Lira had the entire team play around him on carry champs.
I'm hyped that Goldenglue is playing well, my main worry is consistency at this point. Jensen has been consistently good for a long time, where this is the first time that Goldenglue has performed on stage. If they make Goldenglue the permanent starter and then he turns back into a pumpkin, C9 is in a really bad spot.
I think there's enough jungle talent they don't need an import jungler. I could see them trying to grab someone like Contractz in the off-season.
I'm not sure, I feel like Ssumday has been weaker since he moved to 100T. Similar thing happened to Lira. Both looked like gods when they were on shit teams, but then once they got on better rosters they look worse.
I don't think Ssumday is trying to get a free ride. None of the 100T content has seemed like that. The episode focused on him made it seem like he lives and breathes League and constantly wants to practice and improve. He seems like one of the last people that would go into retirement mode.
It's not really black and white. Obviously money is a factor, it's their job, but in Zven and Mithy's case it was also a pretty big opportunity. TSM is one of the biggest brands in League, and they were probably offered a lot of money and it's a roster that -- while it struggles internationally -- has consistently been at the top. So from their perspective it was probably a sidegrade in terms of team standing, an upgrade for their brands, and an upgrade in money.
I'm willing to cut him some slack considering he's new to LCS, but Keith has no excuses and should be better by this point.
I think that's why he's perfect for Academy. Put him in a low-stress environment where he can learn english and adapt to the culture, then when he's ready move him to the main roster or sell his contract for a lot of money.
They'll put Cody Sun top so the fated clash between Brandini and Bwipo can happen
I feel like both Levi and Ssumday are higher value than Ryu. IMO I could see them trying to grab Damonte, Goldenglue or Tuesday and then running those two imports with an NA mid.
I think there's NA mid players that would be a viable replacement for Ryu... but I don't think Linsanity is one of them. He hasn't been great in Academy compared to some others like Damonte, Tuesday and even lately Insanity.
Holy crap I never realized milk has so much sugar
Yeah Jensen is still an import. Not sure for how long though.
Damonte is eligible to play as of this coming Sunday, right?
Hi. I bought a MacBook (2017) a few weeks ago, and yesterday an issue started to pop up where my trackpad will start stuttering and not really tracking. It'll sutter and be unresponsive for about 5-10 seconds then go back to normal until it happens again a bit later. Is this a known issue? I've tried to reboot, but it didn't fix it, and I'm not sure what else to do since Google hasn't given me many results.
\#NotMyC9But,Honestly,CloseEnoughThatIDon'tMind
Well damn, thanks. I haven't really been using it intensively, but i've noticed that randomly when I pick it up it'll be warm despite the fact that it should be asleep with the lid closed.
i'm calling the cops
Their "changes" to ele were stupid. I mained Ele going into the xpac because I trusted them that big changes were coming in 8.1, I thought that they must be huge if they couldn't fit them into the release patch. I thought we were getting a Demonology/Survival level rework. Nope, we got some power moved into lightning bolt and some mediocre talents, only one of which seems to actually be interesting. I honestly feel burned and dropped my Shaman, something I didn't think i'd ever do.
I honestly probably would have if I wasn't an officer in my guild. I ended up swapping to DK since we wanted a death grip, and i'm much happier even for all the issues Unholy has. I at least feel engaged with my character and have fun playing the spec, something I wish I could say I had with Elemental.
Happen to have a link to that Q&amp;A? I don't recall seeing that Ion literally said it won't be a Demo/Survival level change. I wish I had since I wouldn't have gotten my hopes up. Also, relax. Getting yourself worked up doesn't really accomplish anything. In a Q&amp;A he responded to this question "Can we get a timeline for specs that are still on the radar for major changes prior to prepatch?" and he mentioned that Elemental, Enhance and Shadow would be in 8.1. Based on the wording of the question, I figured that would mean major changes beyond what Ele is receiving in 8.1. Perhaps not rework levels of changes, but I was hoping for more significant changes than that.
Solo isn't a star, but in spring I thought he was decent at his role, which was losing lane gracefully and being really good in team fights (which he was). In Summer he looked worse, but so did Clutch as a whole. I don't think Solo is great, but I think he'll be fine for the team.
Solo/Rush/Fenix/Apollo/Hakuho, unless they're putting Solo in Academy and signing a new top
I imagine Rick Fox also talked to him considering how sincere and apologetic he (Rick Fox) sounded in his holiday video. Fenix also probably was very strict with his contract that they can't do that shit to him again.
I'll go give it a listen. Thank you! "Overreacting" by saying I dropped my shaman because I felt burned that the changes weren't good enough? Alright bud, have a good one.
I feel like every team looks like playoffs quality right now, barring OpTic since we don't really know their roster.
The utility it brings with the extra battle rez and death grip is super useful to my guild. Also, I just flat out enjoy Unholy. I find the lore fascinating and the DK class hall campaign in Legion was one of my favorites. I love the aesthetic and class fantasy, I really enjoy the playstyle even though it could stand to be sped up some. It has definite issues, but it's engaging and fun enough that I don't mind being subpar. It has issues and I hope they fix them, but what *is* there is fun to me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRenGFynfGs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRenGFynfGs
Oh haha. Probably a bit of sunk cost honestly. I’ve played my shaman for years. I have a lot of investment into the character and mained it in legion. I figured 8.1 would be significant enough changes that I could tough it out until then. I didn’t want to main a different character only to have to level and gear my shaman once 8.1 rolled around. I should have moved on to greener pastures when it was super clear that shaman was in a bad spot, but I was too invested in my long term main and it ended up hurting my enjoyment of playing significantly
He needs to partner with Tyler1 and have rush change his name to BloodRush
Honestly I'm just not a fan of the Breath build for Frost, so I end up enjoying Unholy more
Sure, anything in particular you need help with? Unholy for me really came into its own when I switched to soul reaper and started getting to higher levels of haste. It smooths out the rotation significantly when you have an on demand way to generate runes, and haste helps increase the regen rate. Knowing fights is also important. If you're going to need to cleave or do AoE, you'll want to have enough runes to start scourge striking after you drop your death and decay. I'd honestly say just switch over and start running some dungeons with epidemic and soul reaper. It's a fun spec but takes some getting used to and some haste.
I say this with full sincerity: I'm glad you like them. For me the spec is missing a certain je ne sais quoi. I don't know what changes it needed for me, but I honestly can't stand playing it in BFA. The 8.1 changes don't change that for me. Maybe I'm just burned out on the spec as a whole, but I love the class so I was hoping that whatever 8.1 brought could bring me back, but I don't think it will. I'm happy that some people like the changes and will continue to rep Shamans. In terms of class fantasy, it's still my favorite class.
Going by Warcraft logs statistics, it seems to be solidly middle of the pack. Beyond that I can't offer any insight, sorry! But it definitely seems to be better than it was at launch when it was statistically the worst DPS spec by a decent margin.
I honestly don't know why they didn't go the Druid route with it and just split it into its own spec. It was a really cool and unique thing.
Yeah that haste is the really important part, and it's a bummer it doesn't overlap with Frost's stat priority at all. I didn't enjoy the spec much at 120, but I'm at around 24% haste now and I don't resource starve as much, and when I do it's only for a second or two rather than multiple seconds where I would just be standing there AAing when I was a fresh 120, which I think was around 8% haste. Soul reaper helps significantly with that since it can kill a dead period. You can spot if you're going to be starved for a bit where you got no runic corruption procs, have no runes or runic power. Soul reaper gives you a rune boost which can get the ball rolling again. Unholy Frenzy (I believe that's the name of the talent?) also helps a bit with that. Learning proper timing for those takes some getting used to but adds some fun depth to the spec. A well timed anti magic shell to eat some damage and get some runic power is also a fun but dangerous game. Also, death coil may not hit hard but the fact that it reduces the cool down of unholy transformation is super important. When I keep that in mind it feels a lot better to hit since every death coil gets me closer to my pet going hulk mode again, and his hulk mode does a lot of damage.
Don't think a Kickstarter would do much. He would be taking money for a product he likely can't release publicly as it'd just be a prototype. He'd get more visibility by just posting on Reddit about it since Riot watches Reddit, and getting in contact with them via email.
I wish they would do something about subs and make it so they count as one player. It removes a lot of options when there were situations like with Impact/Ray where signing one would screw you over since they'd get subbed out at some point. Same with Jensen/Goldenglue last split. IMO they should have it be the role for that team, rather than the player. I'd draft C9's mid, rather than just Nisqy, and it would be whoever is playing that week/match.
I wonder if that also means that Undead who stray away from that path become more vulnerable to manipulation. For example the ones that were allowed to see their families. That likely would have resulted in stronger emotions than they normally feel, that feeling of being able to see their loved ones again and -- in some cases -- be accepted by them. That'd potentially give the old gods a grip to influence them more than the average undead.
My theory early on was that Bolvar influenced Sylvanas to burn down Teldrassil due to the corruption/old god aspects of it. Or, he had her burn it down to start the war which would cause N'zoth to expose itself which the Lich King could strike at. Presumably while he can't (or wouldn't) outright control Sylvanas, she's undead so he could perhaps influence her in subtle ways, much like how Old God corruption would work. Supposedly it's stated at some point that the Lich King says he had no part in it, but I think he definitely has a hand in things. The Legion DK class hall campaign painted him as a very clever Lich King who was clearly up to stuff.
I don't think it holds much weight. Even if they were immune to old god 'magic' whatever that may be, they still have thoughts and are sentient. Presumably, the old gods would still be able to whisper to them and manipulate them as any other living thing could be manipulated. A small whisper here and there that you think is your own thought and shifts your thinking slightly, until over time it guides you more and more to the path it wants. The only way they'd be outright immune to old god corruption that I can think of is if the old gods flat out couldn't whisper to them -- which is not represented in game that i've seen. Obviously this isn't definitive, but Undead characters can even hear old god whispering when fighting bosses like G'huun or big eyeball from Emerald Nightmare.
I mean, her not enjoying being in a guy's form is a *pretty* mild way to 'put down men'. It's a goofy character quirk. There are plenty of other characters who are straight and would be fine with those forms.
Rush and Olleh. The Kind Duo.
Nah, Crabb and Goyle were fat and spent a semester becoming 1st year girls who would be a ton smaller than them. You become that person’s size
Wait, why would the hit man become the target rather than someone close to the target? Becoming the person you’re trying to kill doesn’t accomplish much
Hmm, I think in the case of a hitman they'd probably want it to just not be pinned on them. Like polyjuice into the wife of the person, kill him and clearly leave a clue it was her, then the wife will get blamed for it. Or shapeshift into their butler and slip some poison into their food. I feel like a clone of a person killing that person would cause a lot more commotion than just a 'normal' murder. Someone's body double killing them is going to cause a lot of confusion and draw more eyes and investigation. Damn, now I want a Hitman game where Agent 47 has access to shapeshifting powers.
It's finally time for qtpie to start his new adventure overseas. Welcome G2 Imaqtpie!
At the same time, I doubt Riot wants the reputation of letting teams get away with it. It's hard to stop, but you also don't want to imply that it's fine for teams to do because you'll only get a small punishment. I think they'd be harsher on Perkz than people think.
According to their rule database, 3-15 months suspension would be within their guidelines. Obviously they'd be on the low end of it if they followed it, but I don't think they'll just flat out ignore it. Especially with franchising coming to EU they probably don't want to give the impression that poaching is fine. If they fined G2 a few thousand dollars teams will happily eat that if it means they get to sign the players they want.
I've been playing since closed beta and still have a blast. Also had a bunch of friends come back lately. I think League has been in good upswing recently!
God, I can only imagine walking into the bedroom, following the line of rose petals, and there's Nick Cage sitting on the bed.
Yeah I don't think Lourlo is *bad* but the level of top lane is slowly by consistently rising and I think his worth has been steadily falling as that happens. I could see him being better than Solo, but that's the only player i'd take him over at this point.
Nope, Seb Park talked about it on Hotline League. Febiven wanted to play for late game and team fights, where LirA wanted to take over early game. They had completely different views on how to play the game. The team had no identity. At least LirA has Huni with him now. If you say early game Huni will happily turbo int with him if that's what it comes to.
He also seems to be really damn smart about the game. Weldon on Hotline League made it sound like RO was a big part of why CLG's early game was so good despite the team as a whole being bad. I bet he could transition into a coaching role really well, or a position coach at the very least.
Yeah, he said it during some press conference. I can't remember which, but it's a quote attributed to him.
Legendaries were honestly super bad. I love the idea of them. Gear you get that can completely change how you play your spec -- but they needed to not have utility and 'core' legendaries be in the same pool. There were some legendaries that were the difference between your spec being viable and your spec being useless. Great idea, poor execution until late in the expansion where everyone had every legendary so it stopped mattering.
Now I have a story in my head that he signed PoE because he has such a good friendship with Stixxay, so sign Stixxay's clone to also be good friends with!
I've been playing since closed beta and that has been my strategy as well. I don't force myself to play it when I don't feel like it. It's a game i'll never stop playing. I love the esport side of things, and then just go through bursts where I play the game a lot and then fall off again for a bit. Usually not due to any specific meta or changes, just the natural wax and wane of what I want to play.
Hell yeah brother. We can wear our King Rammus with pride. I admittedly haven't watched a ton of anime but I really like My Hero Academia and Full Metal Alchemist (pretty much the only two i've seen much of).
I think it was closed beta? It was either that or UFO Corki that was closed beta. I just wished I liked playing either of those champions haha. Man, HoN. I haven't thought about that game in years. I went from loving DotA 1 and playing a ton of it in Warcraft 3, to playing HoN, then I got a closed beta key for League and gave it a shot and haven't played HoN since.
Not allowing all the teams to be voted on is kinda lame.
Or is it?? https://twitter.com/Pobelter/status/1065779837858533376 🤔
V1per, Santorin, Pobelter, WildTurtle, JayJ (presumably)
Props to you for being able to down that. I can't do straight vodka anymore. I can do it in mixed drinks, but there's few things more foul tasting than straight vodka.
I've seen people say that Dardoch said on his stream he's going to be on a team in Spring he just can't announce yet. That makes me think it's CLG. They don't have an announced jungler. Weldon is a fan of his and said on Hotline League that CLG needs "star power". Dardoch is friends with the players and his issues on the team seemed to be with Zikz. I think it makes a lot of sense for the return of CLG Dardoch. I don't think it's TSM.
Oh I think people see the hypocrisy, but they also see the irony of someone like you who was so toxic that they got perma'd being the one complaining. It's a 'world's smallest violin' situation for me.
I've been playing since closed beta. I *know* it takes a lot to get perma'd. It's not difficult to not be toxic.
Hey man, hope things go well for you. Taking a step back and being real with yourself when you have a problem can be really difficult and isn't something a lot of people can do. Playing a game that is just going to stress you out or bring out the worst in you isn't good. Games should be something you enjoy!
Yeah. I get lashing out. I've certainly done it. Matches can get super high stress and competitive and it can cause conflict; but you won't get banned for that. I've gone, what, 9 years without getting banned or chat restricted. People act like they got banned for mild trash talk or toxicity. No. In every single case i've seen where someone was perma banned and a Rioter dragged out their chat logs and posted them, that person 1000% deserved it. People like to pretend they're innocent, but if they're being sincere then they're lying to themselves and have warped their own perspective to make themselves believe they didn't deserve it.
Momo is the public enemy #1 to the MHA environment
Google Earth VR is always a hit for when I have people try. It's an amazing experience and being able to visit where you live and see it like it's little toys beneath you is wonderful. Tiltbrush is also a fun and pretty easy one for anyone to get into, no matter what their artistic level is. Being able to create something in 3D is fun for everyone. theBlu is a good one for people who wouldn't want to be as active, such as the elderly or people who you know wouldn't traditionally be into games. It's a super immersive ocean experience that is beautiful.
Strictly games tend to not work as well to demo to people since they're a much bigger time investment. When you're showing someone VR they're usually not going to want to jump into a long budget cuts run, or want to get all sweaty with something like Sound Boxing or Beat Saber. But if for some reason you're going to randomly cut out a bunch of the awesome stuff VR has and limit it to games: Tetris Effect is a great one. Nearly everyone knows how to play tetris and it's an audio visual treat without being overwhelming or risking motion sickness like some VR games do. Easy to jump in and out and get a taste of VR. Super Hot VR is a fantastic experience and due to the methodic nature of it is great to demo to people of all fitness levels and is something people love to play around with and have fun in. The gimmick of time only moving when you do is natural for people to pick up and grasp, very simple premise but a lot of room to play around with. I'd also recommend something like Space Pirate Trainer over Beat Saber for demoing if you're going down the active game route. It tends to be shorter rounds and is easier to pick up since everyone knows how to play a shooting gallery.
Nah they're not signing Blaber. C9 announced their full 10 man lineup and Blaber was part of it.
Both those players were known to be good and have a lot of potential though. Grig has always been a B-tier jungler in Challenger. He's not a young rookie, he has been floating around teams since 2014. Maybe he'll surprise me, but I don't think he's ever going to be top tier.
Soloqueue isn't really a good measure of how a person will do in competitive. Look at Keith who was notorious for climbing high in Korea.
Being a solo-queue star as well as playing on Team Solo Medbi before he got banned. Other pros had talked him up for a long time about being the next big star. You never heard that about Grig.
I didn't say he had to be the Jensen of the Jungle, just that Grig wasn't a player that was ever really considered top tier or the next crop of NA talent. He never stood out over players like Dardoch, Contractz, or even Akaadian. He was always there with them, but he was a step down. Teams weren't chomping at the bit to get him into LCS when he came of age like they were for Dardoch, Contractz and Blaber.
I wish he’d role swap to mid and give us another good native mid. Feels like adc is a waste.
Zaboutine
No, you’re thinking of Romain, the guy who was previously with UoL and then was OpTic’s manager. Zaboutine is the French caster who was Optics coach in 2018 and this coming split.
Cool! My comment had nothing to do with you though? So I don’t really care what you play.
That’s a good point. Adc is about a lot more raw mechanics which Dardoch has in spades.
Can you imagine if C9 wins Spring after Jensen left to pursue domestic success? Goddamn that'd be tasty.
I miss Curse but don't know that I miss Gravity. The owner seemed like a rich kid who just wanted an esport toy and then dropped it after he got bored. Also the flame colors were the wrong direction on their logo.
Santorin has become Saint's danish child. He filled the Shrimp-shaped hole in his heart.
Yup, Kobe did as he either used to be an engineer or got his degree in engineering. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dekZRwCZ8aQ
https://twitter.com/Dardochlol For what it's worth his twitter bio has him listed as the jungler for OpTic. It may mean he's not role swapping.
God I hope not. I have never been impressed by Mash when he has played in LCS. Mash is also a shotcaller iirc, as is Big, and as are both Dardoch and Meteos. That might quickly reach a 'too many cooks in the kitchen' situation.
Dardoch has never seemed like someone who messed around much on Twitter or trolled (except in the toxic sense). He could be joking with it, but imo it doesn't seem like the type of thing he'd do. Maybe they really are just going the C9 route of trying to utilize both, or seeing who fits better with the team long-term. Either way, OpTic will hopefully announce what all is going on soon.
I think AnDa had a very steady upward trajectory, which is pretty good considering how much of a dumpster fire 100T seemed like it was. It's way too soon to say he's better than Xmithie, but i'm excited to see what he does on a team that -- on paper -- seems really good.
From the little I saw of OWL and from what i've read, it seemed like he never really seemed to enjoy the game as much as others on the broadcast.
Yeah. I ate serious crow. I was a huge AnDa doubter. I thought he was outright bad, especially since he looked exceedingly mediocre in Academy after FlyQuest. Then he joined 100T and looked *okay* but didn't really do much. He slowly but steadily got better and by the end of Summer he was looking good, despite the rest of his team looking pretty weak. Then he went on to look the best of anyone on the team at Worlds. I'm excited to see him keep growing. By all accounts he's incredibly hard working. Always watching vods, trying to learn and get better.
Be that as it may, he also wasn't a player that teams were chomping at the bit to have start in LCS. Players like Dardoch, Contractz, and Blaber entered the LCS really fast since people saw how good they were. Licorice and Zeyzal took a bit longer but for years people had been talking about how they would be some of the next batch of NA talent. Grig never had that type of talk around him. In the challenger series he was always a B-tier jungler and never really made a name for himself over some of the more standout players.
Makes me wonder how Dardoch and DL would do on a team together. Seems like they'd either be amazing together, or the roster would implode.
You don't see how a mode that a handful of people on LAN will play on very specific hardware configurations is a bit different from opening it up to the 80 million+ league players playing on things ranging from microwaves to CERN super computers? They also probably have a very good idea just how popular the mode would be and it flat out might not be popular enough to put resources into. Hell we've gone a long-ass time since anyone has even mentioned it on this subreddit.
Even from a gameplay point of view, I don't know that a WoW2 really ever makes sense. They've been upgrading the engine as they go so there's not really a technical reason they need one (like to get a clean break tech-wise). That also means they would lose over a decade of content. A WoW2 would have such incredibly high expectations for it and have to have so much content on release that I don't think it's really feasible to ever do. The only way I ever see them doing it is if WoW hits a very clear decline for a long period that can't be recovered from.
He is now what? I don't think Grig is a hot commodity. He's a serviceable jungler and it's probably a bigger risk for TSM to replace him, than to just keep him and replace him if needed after the rest of the roster gels. TSM even signed Akaadian in case they need to have a different jungler step into the LCS. If they had full faith in Grig they would have signed a rookie Academy jungler who they could put time into to develop. Instead, they signed a veteran jungler who can replace Grig if need be.
Yeah I don't see a WoW2 ever happening. Hell, by the time it makes sense to do a WoW2 we'll all be living in virtual reality and WoW2 will just be a Sword Art Online type sitch where we just live in Azeroth as our created character.
We'll see!
But that's the point -- those champions can decide fights with an ult because there's counterplay. All those abilities you mentioned can be outplayed or reacted against. You can dodge a Malph ult, for example. ADC has to have less impact by nature because you can't outplay their auto attack.
You realize understanding and execution are different things right? Look at sport coaches. They coach because they understand the game, they don't have to be able to play at that level to be a coach. Hell I work on simulators. I've worked on AH-64 simulators to where I understand them inside and out. I know exactly how they work. But you put me in one to fly one and i'm going to crash very quickly. Just because I can't fly it doesn't mean I don't understand it.
In his player ranking he said trying to explain is like "trying to explain color to a blind person" so no, I don't think he can explain his tier list.
I love how much you guys put into NA talent. Especially now that you're giving V1per a shot. It seemed like some teams didn't care at all about Academy last year, but y'all have turned me into a FlyQuest fan .. It just has to be secondary to being a Clutch fan since I can't betray my Houston Rockets. I'm sorry.
Yes, Rekkles benched himself. Meanwhile nearly every other professional ADC adapted and picked up mages. I'm not sure what understanding how to play ADC is related to either being unwilling or unable to adapt to a change in the role and meta.
Sorry, I don't think i'm following your point. Rekkles understands the game but he didn't adapt to the meta and benched himself until it was changed. It was only after Rekkles saw that Riot didn't change things in the next patch that he started trying to practice them, by which point Bwipo was better on them due to practice and remained the starter. Riot finally backed off of the change and Rekkles became the starter again. Unless i'm misunderstanding, that's what the Rioter's point was. ADC is so entrenched that the meta shifting away from them was seen as a gimmick. Some saw it as Riot introducing a bunch of cheese picks into bot rather than it being a normal meta shift. In other lanes, if the meta shifts the player adapts. It's a common occurrence. A player wouldn't bench themselves because they can't play it, they would pick up the champs and start practicing them. If junglers move to tanks, Dardoch is going to start practicing Sej even if he has only been playing carries for the last few months. When bot lane underwent a similar change and for the first time ever ADC wasn't meta, most of the bot lane players adapted like other roles do. Rekkles benched himself and hoped it would pass, where if Rekkles was, say, a midlaner, those type of meta changes wouldn't be seen as a gimmick and it instead would just be the way of life.
I didn't get that read at all. My impression was that he was using it as an example of the systemic issues that ADC has caused in the game. Rekkles said in an interview that he started practicing mages once a few patches came and went and he saw that Riot hadn't moved away from mages in the bot lane. *That's* where the issue is. The first impression Rekkles had of the bot lane change was that he should just temporarily bench himself and wait for it to go away, rather than adapt. That's not a Rekkles issue, that's a greater League of Legends issue. Rekkles saw it as a temporary gimmick because ADC is such a staple that, up until that point, not having an ADC in your comp was unthinkable. I think we just have different interpretations of the post. I didn't get the impression he was calling Rekkles a whiny bitch at all, he was just using Rekkles of an example of the end result of ADC being a staple in every single meta since the game began.
He also uses '//' to mean equal for some reason, rather than '=' or '==' which is pretty widely understood as an equality.
Usually the stuff that is moving around is unrelated to the low level optimization of the game and wouldn't really have an impact on it. By the time players are in, I can't imagine they're messing with the engine itself very much. Optimization takes place over the entire course of development.
Important point, i'll add it to the OP. Thanks!
Hm? Didn’t say it has any advantage for Echo Fox. They have 2 imports in main team so can only have 1 Academy import. FlyQuest has 0 main team imports so they can have 2 Academy imports.
The old saying is something like "if you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." Scratch simply, LS can't explain it at all, the idea of explaining it to him is about as difficult as explaining color to a blind man. Based on that, you can take a guess at how well he actually understands it.
The bad time is the main thing for me. I’d throw it on in the background if it was at a time I could actually watch.
Clutch could also be a front runner if LirA stays in his 2018 form.
Goodness watching Dardoch in Academy is going to be gross. It's crazy that a top 2 jungler in NA is going to chill in Academy.
He also looked exceedingly mediocre when he came in for Zig. He didn't really have the rookie excuse either since he had been playing in OPL.
Hmm, I think he's usually in the argument for top 2 in NA. Usually it would come down to a discussion between he and Xmithie (at least in this past year). Going by the last split the junglers in NA were: LirA, Xmithie, Dardoch, Sven/Blaber, Akaadian, Grig, Contractz, Reignover, Santorin, AnDa/Meteos I think he's definitely top 2 of that group.
How did you draw that conclusion?
Flying towards NA will tilt him back to Korea though. He's going to get stuck in limbo between the two countries.
I've given it quite a few tries. I got to max level (or max level for Heavensward, not the new one), and the combat just never gelled with me. Like for example I love how dynamic fire mage is. Reacting to heating up, trying to constantly maintain crit chains. FFXIV conversely felt like I just had to follow a strict rotation. I never felt like I was thinking, it was just checking how well I memorized what button I had to click next. That's very much just a me thing though, I recognize it's a good game that many love.
Ahhh, I see. I'm not sure that's for me, I really struggle to enjoy rotation specs, but that does sound interesting. I'll have to give Bard a go next time I give it a shot (which is inevitable).
Kotaku's article that talked to a lot of internal Blizzard employees even had them saying that Activision's culture has been slowly seeping into Blizzard's, and that things have been getting worse over time. It's a good, but sobering, read.
Watching Dardoch vs Cody Sun in Academy feels wrong, but i'm glad both at least found teams.
He said it on his stream.
If you don't have fun don't play. If you have fun, play. You watching pros doesn't have to be connected to that. It's a game, it should be a simple determination of if you have fun or not. I've been playing since beta, I still have fun, but I take long breaks when i'm not having as much fun. It's always there when I feel like playing again.
He said on his stream he’d be playing in Academy, but I assume if OpTic struggles they could give him a shot.
You're correct. I told him I wouldn't do it and he then kills her himself and says something like "I knew you wouldn't be able to do it."
I honestly think that whatever big bad is in the Shadowlands is manipulating Sylvanas, and it was what pushed her towards this war. I think she (or someone) will realize that it has been manipulating her, and she'll step down as Warchief since she can't trust her own mind/emotions anymore and then she'll be the one that tries to go after it which could lead us into the next expansion.
Maybe this ends with her returning to the Alliance and the new alliance allied race being Undead Night Elves.
To be fair that's a bit reductive to Nathanos. Lore-wise he's pretty damn powerful. In vanilla they even say that if you're going to try to take him out you need to take a literal raid full of people with you. He didn't play much of a part in the story until recently, but even in Vanilla they spoke about how strong he is. I think the issue (at least for me) comes down to the logical disparity between magic and non-magic. Nathanos doesn't have magic, so even if he's stated to be quite powerful I don't understand how someone with no magical capability fights the most powerful druid. I think Nathanos would have lost 1v1 (even Sylvanas was losing to Malfurion in game before we intervened, and she's more powerful), but Nathanos had the player character on his side who is one of the strongest members of their class, as well as a Valkyr who were one of the Lich King's strongest underlings.
The thing that gives me pause on that theory is that Darkshore very clearly shows that the person has to be willing to be risen -- or at least that's the case with night elves. Multiple night elves you attempt to rise reject it and you have to fight their angry wisp spirit. Then later on when you ressurecy Delaryn and Sira, one of them mentions they 'accepted' the Valkyr's gift. So at the very least them allowing themselves to be risen is an act of free will. Allowing themselves to be Risen if you don't intend to work with the Forsaken seems like a really weird decision since you'd just immediately get killed or imprisoned by the undead who just raised you.
Saint is going to vanish and then show up in a year with a toupe and everyone will be amazed at this new coach who burst onto the scene with an amazing head of hair.
I've never struggled with depression, but I know people who have and the *last* thing they want to hear yet again is how they should just get over it or try being happier. Struggling with it seems horrible enough, but having people constantly try to tell you that you can just overcome it with willpower makes it far worse.
Nah, NA would still be a major region, it'd just be like LMS where there's all the talent stacked at the top and the rest of the League is quite a bit weaker (at least I assume, who knows if other players would rise to the occasion). You'd have a team of like Licorice/Dardoch/Pobelter/Sneaky/Zeyzal, then a team of Hauntzer/Xmithie/Damonte/Doublelift/Smoothie, then you'd have to start dipping into the players who are considered a step down like Dhokla/Contractz/Goldenglue/CodySun/Hakuho, Lourlo/Akaadian/Palafox/Apollo/Big, and so on. Mid and top is really the big shackle for NA since you quickly get to a situation where you have to gamble on Academy talent.
I'm glad you're doing better man. I agree with that. I think he can be a strategic coach, but he should not be a team's life coach unless he has very clearly changed. Someone who struggles with depression (or really any mental health issue) needs to get help. If they're turning to Saint for advice or help, that person would not be pointed towards the help they need. He's giving the mental health equivalent of saying "walk it off". That's absolutely not what someone who is struggling with mental health issues needs to do. At best it doesn't help, at worst it makes things significantly worse. If someone tells you that you have the power to fix it, you start to blame yourself, it becomes internalized as a failure. That person now not only has depression, but now the failure of them not being able to fix it is on them as well.
I mean fuck I'd be happy if they just made it Kael'thas again. Have him to the Sargeras thing. He had a son, but he saw he was getting corrupted so he put a chunk of his uncorrupted soul into his son, and now he has possessed his son and what we killed was the corrupted half of him.
i think his story arc is also really cool. He's ancient and was arrogant and blind to the threats around him, but that could lead him to develop. He was forced to have his eyes opened by his people nearly being killed. Maybe Tilanji is the one that dies at the Alliance hands and now this ancient troll is left without a heir and made a bad deal with Bwonsamdi but it wasn't enough, and he turns to the Horde to try to save his people. I think this ancient, flawed, angry troll could be really awesome as a horde leader, but instead they went the predictable route and killed him off despite him being far more interesting than his daughter.
I think it would have been doubly interesting because Rastakhan is very much on borrowed time. He has lived way past his years because of Rezan, so he's someone who is actively staving off death but he would have lost his only heir. It would have meant the downfall of the Zandalari empire was looming and he would be the linchpin holding it all together. They could have done fascinating stuff with that setup.
I mean... yes, you're right... but worst things have happened in the Horde. Nathanos stole his cousin's body, there's precedent already set for horde body snatching.
Yeah Contractz with stronger lanes should be able to play closer to how he did on C9, which should be exciting to see. We saw a glimpse of the old Contractz when Deftly was smurfing on Heimer and Mickey was on Talon. They put out a lot of pressure and Contractz was actually able to invade and play aggressive.
I think Nisqy is also more dynamic. Jensen had some odd champion pool gaps, stuff like Akali weren't picks it seemed he could play, where Nisqy was great on it. Jensen is good but I think Nisqy has a wider champion pool even if he's a bit weaker overall.
Am I crazy or wasn't there a bug with his turrets many years ago that you could place his turret where minions were supposed to spawn and it would keep them from spawning?
That's what it was! Thank you. God that was nearly 10 years ago.
That's sorta where i'm at right now. It's easier on the team if the team members have relatively normal hours so that communication and working together can happen, but since all work is on contracts (yay defense industry) it doesn't matter how those 40 hours get done, just that they get done. I love it since it means if I have things to get done one day, I can take off early that day and just make it up on the other days. Or what I usually do is work 8.5 hours a day and then take off 2 hours early on Friday. Flexible schedules are great.
In the little experience I have, laid off tends to be the least bad of the 3 (fired, quitting, laid off). Fired is bad for obvious reasons, and I was told that quitting can sound bad because it makes a person sound unreliable. A company doesn't want to think a person might quit on them. Laid off tends to be for reasons unrelated to performance so it doesn't reflect negatively on the person who was laid off.
I didn’t interpret it as they’d take over the world, more that they’d cause a significant amount of death and destruction.
Those look terrible to me, but to each their own.
Nah, they gotta keep the pace up if they want to earn the “serial” part of their name
I assume you'd do it because you enjoy the champion. If you only care about winning over how much you enjoy a champion then Azir is a bad choice.
I'm actually kinda surprised OpTic let him go considering that. He seemed really good in Academy and it sounds like he was PoE's main training partner in the team.
It sounds like the revamped version will be in available in Summer, so I'm not sure how it impacts the entire year. It'll just be a bit of a bummer in Spring, but it seems like something that was needed. There was a lot of weird choices that felt archaic. The substitute situation was one of them. It became a trap to pick players who had even a chance of being subbed out since you'd lose a huge chunk of points (for example Jensen &amp; Goldenglue). Hopefully one of the changes they make is that you choose a team's lane, not a specific player. Having the main player and their sub be a bundle is increasingly important as we see teams utilize academy rosters more.
Can it solve P versus NP?
This is the reason for me. I've invested time in so many games that got shut down. A lot of them were mobas (shout out to Dawngate and Paragon) but the same applies to MMOs. When a game releases and has a low playerbase I know that either it's not a game I can invest in long-term, or it won't pull in enough money to where the content releases are satisfying. Both lead to me engaging less with a game. Also having more players also impacts out of game. A game with millions of players is going to have active communities, forums, social media posts, etc. and it makes it really easy to engage with other fans of a thing you love. A much more niche game is going to feel a lot more solitary in its own way.
Maybe the Void wasn't gentle to her skin.
They're different itches. I play both, but Battlerite is a much more mechanics and micro-focused game. The rounds are one teamfight that you need to win. League has much more macro. There's a ton of strategic depth to the game on top of the micro. Both are great games, but I don't think they can be compared like how you are trying to.
I respect the hell out of Dota 2. I played thousands of hours of Dota 1 and put a few hundred into Dota 2, but it's not for me. I prefer the faster-paced style of League of Legends. Cooldowns are shorter and there's many more skillshot-type abilities so I end up enjoying the moment-to-moment gameplay of League of Legends more, though I completely understand why someone would prefer it over League. Though i'm not sure where you got that for the esport statistic. League of Legends is by far the largest esport in the world. The 2018 World championship peaked at 44 million concurrent viewers, where The International 2018 peaked at slightly under 15 million.
Darien reborn in NA
They could also try to get Dardoch back from OpTic or Blaber, but it sounds like there was a super high price tag on Blaber.
In Yusui's defense it was his first game on stage and it looks like it was a lot of nerves, he was messing up basic CS that he definitely doesn't do in Academy. But Lost looked like a straight downgrade from Apollo and doesn't have nerves to blame, he was starting for EF for a bit and is used to LCS.
Lost played in OPL for multiple years before coming to NA, he's not really a rookie. Between that and his time starting for Echo Fox nerves are likely less of a consideration for him. No. Lost wasn't the main issue, Jungle continues to be.
Huh I didn't know it was all online, thanks for the info! You're right, it could be nerves. I'll be interested to see if they stick with this roster or start moving pieces around again.
The unseen anivia kid is the deadliest
Solo has also been pretty underrated, he's super solid and at worst seems to lose lane gracefully and do well in team fights. He's not a superstar but he's consistently good.
Aphro possessed him
It's awesome to live in a world where we have Crown and Froggen both looking like they're back at their peak.
Yeah I feel like it being called "Dota Auto Chess" is horrible naming. It has nothing to do with chess beyond being on a chess board, and it has nothing to do with dota beyond using Dota units.
Fenix would be a good pickup since EF seems to want to stick with Yusui based on scrims. Another option could be Damonte if the entire Clutch roster ends up dropped once Dignitas takes over.
You can have 2 imports in Academy, but you can only have 3 imports total across Academy/LCS. So if you're a team with only 1 import in the LCS roster you could field 2 imports in Academy, or vice versa. FlyQuest used this last split where they had 2 imports in Academy.
Possibly. Kobe was saying he's heard EF is dumpstering with scrims with this lineup (Lost/Yusui in for Apollo/Fenix) but if Lost was the one they really wanted in the roster then yes they would have to also put in Yusui (or Panda but Panda is really bad)
My guess is this change is for multiple reasons. Get info on how Bang/Stunt play together. See if Ryu's veteran shotcalling helps the team even if he's a downgrade mechanically. See if a different mid and support changes how the team plays any. Changing up the parts gives more data to make decisions with.
Likely something behind the scenes. If Stunt didn't mesh well with Arrow for some reason (gameplay, personality, etc.) then they may think the change was worth it despite it looking odd to outsiders.
He wasn't bad but he wasn't really a standout either imo. Even in Academy he's okay but he's not really a superstar.
If that's the case i'm surprised they'd be putting AnDa back in over Amazing.
They don't really have any better options. Ryu hasn't been good in Academy, but unless they're gonna bite the bullet and pay big $ for one of the better mids in the middle of a season they gotta give it a try with what they have.
They've tried a bunch of roster combos so most likely Aphro either did better in scrims than Stunt or Bang prefers playing with him.
Potentially, but there's some reason they're keeping him in over Stunt. Stunt isn't exactly a superstar in Academy either so I don't think he would fix their issues. Pr0lly said the team just has no cohesion. They don't trust each other's calls, they're not on the same page. He must think that this lineup has the best chance of addressing that problem.
\#BringBackYusui please, I hate having my NA mid dream taken away so quickly
Yeah he was making good picks that game, just wasn't enough. GGS continue to look like a playoff contender.
He doesn't think Ssumday is the problem, he thought Soligo was the problem but Ryu is an import. You can't run 3 imports, so he had to choose between Bang and Ssumday moving to Academy. I'm assuming that based on scrims they decided Fakegod is the lesser of two evils to sub into LCS between he and Prismal.
I don't think anyone said he had a flawless game, but he had a decent game and was making some important picks.
I think there are better Academy options than Soligo imo. He's decent in Academy but if 100T want to sign a rookie mid i'd go for Yusui, Ablazeolive, Insanity or even Palafox over him.
Break Magma Chamber glass in case of meme emergency.
International play Pobelter is showing up early this split
GIVE 👏 US 👏 YUSUI 👏
I did find it strange when it switched to sneaky’s player cam and his eyebrows has fused together
Because Huhi wasn't exactly good. There's a reason he swapped to Support. His style of being weak mechanically but good in team play doesn't work anymore.
Considering how new Fakegod is to competitive this is a decent way for things to go. He's losing in lane but doing well in team fights, so hopefully over time as he adapts to LCS he'll shore up the laning.
The same thing that made Bang look horrible and not like the world class ADC he is. Whatever that was seems to be shored up by having Ryu's voice on the team.
Correct, and Ryu even said that he retired after getting destroyed by Caps at Worlds and realizing he can't match up anymore. Nisqy said that playing in NA is easier because mids are less aggressive and don't punish you for poor laning nearly as hard. That's why we constantly see Pobelter do fine in NA and then get destroyed internationally. I think Ryu will have the same issue and isn't a long term solution for 100T. He is fine in NA but they're going to run into the same weaknesses they had last time when Ryu was on the roster.
Their Academy ADC is really good. I'd like to see them give him a shot.
Replacing DL with Zven continues to look like one of the worst roster moves ever made.
C9's entire team is sick and can't use their ADC, TSM was looking inconsistent at best even in NA, and TL is putting up good fights and is competing with the best. EU is clearly better than NA, but this tournament is a horrible measuring stick for regional strength.
Huh? When did I say that? I think he'd be dumpstered by OG because he's a complete rookie, but Zven has looked mediocre his entire time on the team. Putting in a hyped rookie with room to grow would probably be a good long term move -- and would also free up an import slot if they wanted it.
~~Put in Akaadian~~ ~~Put in Grig~~ Put in Spica
Definitely. I think there's also a case to be made that beyond TL, i'm not sure these are really the top teams. OpTic, CLG (god that's weird to say), and even in the last few weeks 100T have looked quite good. C9 feels like they were on a slight downswing the last few weeks, and it's only exasperated by all of them being sick and having to try to run 2 junglers. TSM though... they really need to sort out their shit. They just look bad. Mechanical mistakes everywhere, bad macro, they're just straight up outclassed.
100% hindsight. I remember being hyped when I saw the leak -- but it was a very risky move to replace pretty much the best ADC in NA and let another team have him. That risk did not pay off, and it ended up being a straight downgrade and gave TL the critical part of them becoming the strongest org in NA.
He's been looking like by far the best ad carry in Academy so I think calling him a hyped rookie is fitting? He and Treatz have been styling on people.
I agree. I think we straight up saw this with 100T the past few weeks. Ryu being in the team made 100T look like a completely different team, and is especially notable in how different Aphro and Bang look.
You can't really make comparisons like that. Look at Ruin. Joins LCS, looks great. Licorice -- was a hyped rookie and joined LCS and was incredible for C9 last year. There's no guarantee a rookie will do well, but saying X rookie did poorly so Y rookie would do poorly doesn't really mean anything.
The roster move gave TL the strongest domestic player in NA and slingshot a rival org to being domestically dominant, gave away a really good domestic support in Biofrost, and the end result of those was that they downgraded their own botlane to the point that it's still a weakness of TSM. That's a pretty damn bad roster move, there's easily an argument it's one of the worst roster moves ever made in LoL.
Yup. It gave TL their franchise player that they can build their team around, similar to how TSM was and is built around Bjergsen. Having the two best domestic players in NA was insanely valuable for TSM. I 100% understand why they replaced Doublelift, it was a gamble. If Zven/Mithy had paid off and looked like the 'best in the west' then it would have been worth it.... but now that we've seen the results we know it wasn't, and in every way it was a loss for TSM. Just because this outcome couldn't be predicted (at least reasonably) isn't mutually exclusive with it being one of the worst roster ever moves ever made. TSM lost out hard.
Mickey Mouse and Marvel representing NA as it should be.
I agree, I think it's significantly easier to drop someone into Superhot VR and have them understand it. Time moves when you do, kill the baddies. You tell them those two things and they can figure the rest out themselves. Sairento is a significantly more complicated game and is one of the last thing i'd want to put someone new to VR into, even if it's a lot of fun once you learn it.
If you’re training an AI to recognized images of prolapsed anuses, life took a strange serve at some point.
I don't think they'd ever remove hero switching even though i'd love that. They designed the game around being able to swap on the fly to change things up or counter someone else. It's kinda why I always preferred Paladins since it leans much more towards the moba elements.
I agree, but I don't think the money is there for OWL to pull it off. I don't see how these teams can make their money back on expensive infrastructure like that on top of the costs of running a team, all the while having lower viewership than LCS.
My guess is they're doing it so they have something to launch alongside new consoles. When everyone is running to the stores to get their new console, being able to have a box on the shelf that says Overwatch 2 is probably really good marketing for them, even though it's just a glorified expansion pack.
Monte also made the conscious decision to attach himself to Badawi who is one of the most horrible people to ever touch professional LoL. A big part of his issues stemmed from that and how it ended in him being forced to sell his team, but it was completely his own fault for associating with a slimeball.
Not enough people played it to say it with you
I did, this subreddit is not very representative of the majority of the playerbase. Going by threads like this you'd think Nexus Blitz was incredibly popular, yet Riot has shown statistics multiple times and that is not the case. The other fast game mode TT was also not very popular. The vocal minority of this subreddit doesn't change that the statistics don't line up with their desires.
I sometimes struggle with Overwatch because of the busy visuals on top of the constantly switching perspective. MOBAs are busy but I find them easier to watch because it never switches from top down, I can anchor my view easier. Overwatch constantly switching between 1st person and 3rd person made it really hard for me to follow sometimes
Nah her tail will just morph into Yasuo as a whole. Like CatDog.
Every opening.
Monte made quite a few tweets over the years saying he loved working with a team where they would respect his ideas -- generally in tweets where he was trying to throw shade at Riot. I'm guessing things changed at some point to where his voice no longer was mattering.
There’s vods and rebroadcasts generally
Ah I see you’ve been reading my fanfiction
It’s cold out, happens.
Technically you can become whoever you want in dreams so they got those covered too
I don't think it was possible to preserve that stuff. Poppy was part of an old guard where their kits were so broken that they either had to be undertuned or they'd destroy games. Poppy was fun to play when you got to that point, but she was incredibly frustrating to play against and it made you feel helpless if she was snowballing. New Poppy is a fairly large deviation from old Poppy, but keeps enough of her theme to resemble her while also being vastly healthier as a champion.
Sometimes it's just fun to explore that feminine side or want to feel cute or what not. Doesn't mean the person is trans, just that there's not always a lot of room to explore other parts of ourselves due to gender norms and how society views masculinity.
Hey there's a whole spectrum. Being trans doesn't mean you have to transition, it's just a matter of accepting who you are. For some people that's just recognizing they'd prefer to be female/male but still present as their birth sex. For others they desire to go all the way with transitioning. Like most things it's a spectrum. At least that's my understanding that i've gained from a few trans people in my life.
Video games can be an outlet and a distraction. Focusing on something else rather than how you’re feeling. I played a lot of LoL when grieving from a death despite it not really being a comforting game. The focus it requires helped me take my mind off the sadness.
Yeah there’s absolutely issues with toxic masculinity and men not having the emotional support needed — but people absolutely do care when male streamers act this way. You tend to care about the people you watch stream. If someone people have a ‘relationship’ with is in pain like this, people care regardless of gender.
Todd Howard *is* the wet dream
A podcast just going over a different weird build each week would be honestly awesome. Haven’t played in years but I’d listen. Tell me about dat 55 monk Jatt.
That's why the true elite of the elite just run around naked
When thoorin was slamming Loco, Loco started yelling in tongues for a bit. Pretty sure he cast a hex on thoorin.
Also they're making players fly around the country constantly which is not only expensive for the teams, but is also going to lead to even more massive burnout for the players when it's already an esport notorious for burnout -- even more than a game like League.
They're managing it in LPL, but that's because 1. they took it slow, and 2. LPL has insane viewership and success to support such an ambitious thing
Both Sjokz and Dash are super charismatic. Hell, so are a bunch of casters. League has a lot of great personalities!
&gt;And yet EU players still choose to move to NA because of money or "new experiences". It's a career. A lot of people would make the same decision. League and esports are notorious for short careers. There's an expiration on your ability to stay at the top. People like SoaZ and DL who have lasted for this long are the outlier, not the norm. So yeah people take big money offers. In such a high risk career, take that high reward if the opportunity arises. In 40 years when you're financially secure, you'll be much happier in that choice than turning it down for regional pride or whatever. Like I get why people hate it and it's frustrating for fans of that region, but put yourself in their shoes and look at it in the context of a career in esports.
That’s how it goes with rookie junglers a lot of the time. They catch people off guard with solo-queue style jungling and it works until the opponents wise up to their style. From that point they need a good coach to help develop that talent into competitive success. When they don’t get that you get players like MikeYeung who never have their talent turned into success.
VRChat: Be Your Own Waifu
Stupid Fiddlesticks getting me aroused every time I hear his ult
TBC was disastrous for the lore and characters. They were essentially used as sacrifices to make a really cool expansion that people felt invested into, but it fucked over every expansion after.
Language is fluid, words take on different meanings and usages over time. I think it's kinda cool, even if it can be confusing to keep up with sometimes. It's like how literally has taken on a non-literal meaning, which is... wild.
Riot already working on C9's Worlds skins. The rest of the season is just a formality at this point.
TL is in a pretty good position with that. They have 2 LCS-quality mids they can sub in if they really need to or even if just they want to try different things.
Corki would struggle even harder against Veigar since his escape is useless against the baby cage. He'd be at massive risk unless he just sat at long range and did rockets, but at that point you may as well just go with a long range mage like Azir or Xerath.
Yeah, but i'm saying Corki would have gotten countered by that pick even harder. He'd be a riskier blind pink than Azir. I agree that Ryze would have been a better option, but who knows what TL has practiced or what Jensen's champion pool is.
Later in the game is where I worry since that's where the loads really start to slow down.
I feel like he, Licorice and Impact are top 3 and then there's a pretty big gap.
BB is good, but he had a rough summer (as did TSM as a whole). Haven't seen enough of him to where i'd put him as top 4 atm personally, but others may feel different.
Soaz gonna pull a Mickey Maneuver and catch the next flight back to EU
Yeah their bot lane was weak as expected, but they got leads with mid and jungle. They just looked on different pages and got outplayed in team fights. If they can shore that up over time, they can probably get into playoffs.
If Damonte ever role swaps to jungle, he should 100% name himself Domonte
The insane grinding he put in to get back into LCS shows. He’s looking way better than last time he was in LCS
He and Adrian were pretty bad in their last stint. Small champion pools and never had any pressure in lane.
FWIW, that video that has been circulating is of a completely different incident. There's no video of Kobe's crash.
I've been in a similar situation. That thing people say of time slowing down really does happen, had a billion things go through my mind. It was only a few seconds and the car barely missed us, but those few seconds felt like an eternity.
From what I recall, it's expensive to keep them in working order, and usually if things go wrong in a helicopter it's going to be catastrophic to the point that parachutes probably won't help and you're better off just staying and hoping your pilot can recover. Helicopters are easier to recover and land in than planes most of the time, assuming there's not a catastrophic issue (like there was for Kobe's helicopter.) That's mostly what I remember from some reddit post I saw forever ago about it, and it mostly just sounded like keeping parachutes in helicopters has a lot of logistic issues. Like it *can* be done, but it's really rare to have them.
Helicopters are terrifying.
Statistically there's a more than overwhelming chance you'll be fine, I've just had to hear enough about them from my time working on simulators that I'll be happy if I never ride in a real one.
Neeko since I could just be any other champion whenever I feel like it
Be Evelyn. Think of how useful having her spear tentacles things would be for everyday stuff.
Keep in mind it’s going to be very dependent on how close you are to the Azure servers, same work Stadia and Google’s servers
I very much care about the 4K. If I want to play games on the go on Stadia I have to invest in that game on Stadia, which means I have to use Stadia to play it at home (majority of my gaming time). So having it not be 4K on my tv when that’s where I’d be playing most of the time is real shitty and makes me not want to buy games on Stadia just for the sake of playing on the go on occasion. Without 4K, that means I’m having a way worse experience most of the time than I’d be having playing on a console or PC. That’s not worth having the game be playable on my phone (eventually) on occasion.
Yes. I play on a 4K LG C8. I also have a gigabit connection so downloads aren’t as much of a concern for me — though I’m very much an outlier on that.
I really like Azael ☹️
If you have a commute of 30+ minutes, it's absolutely worth investing in a car that is decently nice. Don't break the bank, but it's worth enjoying the hours you'll spend in the car imo.
I've always found him to be eloquent and good at playing off other casters, he's great at promoting discussion about things. He doesn't have the depth of analysis as someone like Jatt, but I really like him as a caster. I like all the casters TBH.
Honestly I really have come around on FlyQuest this split. I always thought they were fine but had no strong feelings. But with this tree initiative and their performance (even if only in week 1) i've started to really like the team. I love watching V1per as an up-and-coming player, WildTurtle is WildTurtle, it's a blast getting to watch Ignar and PoE. Santorin is looking great. They're a roster I can see myself caring around and a team that is easily likable despite struggling with branding in the past, and that's something they're getting better at.
Seriously, defense is nearly a guaranteed job if you have a degree. At least in Central Florida, companies are desperate for people. Once you're in you have crazy job security too since a security clearance will have every other defense company (and even companies like Amazon) banging at your door to hire you. Great work/life balance and way more demand than supply in terms of workforce. Sure, i'd be making more if I lived in Seattle/Cali/NY/etc. but it's a pretty good gig.
True, I should have mentioned that it's reliant on you being capable of getting a clearance. I've only been with small companies but i've seen a lot of companies lately that are willing to sponsor juniors for their clearance since they just flat out need people.
I've never seen a company that makes you wait until the clearance comes in before they bring you on. The ones i've seen move you onto unclassified projects and then once it comes in they'll move you onto a classified project if needed.
Was taking a look at Indeed recently for Central Florida and many companies noted they were willing to sponsor. Most of the companies are hiring general devs who they'll sponsor to get their clearance and keep them on a non-classified contract until they do so. There's a significant amount of non-classified work. Way more common to see "Must be eligible to receive a security clearance" rather than requiring one to apply for the job (though there are those too). Again though my experience is with small businesses. If you're talking about the Lockheeds of the world maybe that's where they're less willing to sponsor fresh grads?
Just as a warning, i'd recommend going and talking to a career counselor or similar before you do that. Psychology is not an easy career to make it in, there's a *lot* of psych majors. Have a good idea of what you're getting into if you're going to go that route.
All the best to you then! 🙌 I'm sure you'll rock it
Yup, I was hyped when he was Chorong (sp?) and bummed when he became a jungler. He was a really promising top imo.
I own every champ and somehow got Senna the last 4 URF games. Crazy rng, but she’s fun so I won’t complain too much.
No I mean like she was the first champion I had when loading into champ select. This wasn’t me taking her from the pool of available champs people had rerolled.
I'll also vouch for Moonlight. Was able to play through AC: Odyssey at 4k HDR 60fps streaming to my TV and couldn't feel any latency. There was an obvious bit of loss of visual quality compared to running native, but that's to be expected due to bitrate/compression limitations. For what it does, it does it exceptionally well.
I'm happy for Austin that he got to move up in his career so quickly, but every time I rewatch any content with him I get bummed he wasn't around longer. He elevated content so much and I want more of it. It makes me hope that somehow someway -- as unlikely as it is -- he starts appearing regularly in content again.
A few nights ago I spent the evening and night getting drunk and meeting people from all over the world and chatting with them. Wouldn't trade it for the world, even with how much being up until 3AM messed up my sleep schedule.
Still bums me out that Crown tanked so hard. When he first came over and was doing super well and seemed to really be enjoying himself was great. It's sad his time in NA ended on such a low note.
Honestly it seemed like there probably wasn't enough work to utilize her or LeTigress fully. There's only so many matches and interviews. I'm really glad this means we'll probably get to see more of both. LeTigress on the broadcast and Ovilee doing her own content.
Ovilee's secret project is she's going to coach TSM to help Peter take down his ex-team and Jatt.
Without MSI no one can contest me when I say that NA is the best region in the world. Truly blessed.
I have super fond memories of that era where Vinny was still west and they had the open studio with the couch. Definitely is the visual that comes to mind when I think of my favorite content. The new studio just never felt the same to me, especially once they got the desk. It feels so formal rather than warm and friendly.
Wasn't Xmithie the one who was rumored to be playing Fortnite instead of practicing during Worlds or playoffs? That's a deeper motivation issue than just him not being on a strong roster.
That good ol DL shotcalling reunited with TSM
Tbf with how drunk that dude was, his coordination must have been so impaired that the manager could have beat him up
I was so happy to see Damonte pop off. Dude has clearly put in hard work, and he's such a marketable player. He and Closer also looked really good together. Huhi also impressed me, his Thresh was clean. I'm feeling really good about the roster this split. I think they have the pieces to make a splash, and i'm excited to see how they do.
I think the lack of energy management was a big issue for me in GW2. It led to feeling like a very spammy gameplay loop where you're clicking things as they come off cooldown, as opposed to making decisions based on where your character is at any given moment. I never felt like decision-making was all that emphasized in GW2 compared to GW1 or even some classes in WoW. Maybe I was playing very wrong or didn't get to hard enough content, but GW2 felt like I just needed to use all my abilities in weapon 1, switch to weapon 2 to use all those, then switch back. Rinse repeat.
People asking for stunt to replace aphro really caused some monkey paw shit
If there really is a new Fable that makes it hard for me. I love RPGs.
God forbid she hit the gym in those few years. She just wanted those gains.
It’s going to be Stadia latency + ESO’s latency (which has always been high for me on East coast) so it’ll probably not be the most responsive-feeling game.
Few people know this, but Zeyzal is actually the beard. The human's name hasn't been revealed yet.
Why does EU matter in this case? Not everything has to turn into a comparison. Success isn’t dependent on matching someone else.
You can use the group browser to find groups, but there's no matchmaking. If you're a tank/healer and have your own key (which you get by doing a base mythic) then you shouldn't have issues forming a group. If you're a DPS it can be much more hit-or-miss as there's a ton of DPS. A guild will certainly make it far easier. Raiding you can do raid finder to see the raids. If you want to do normal or higher difficulty you'll need to find a guild or use the group finder similar to M+.
For me, as strange as it is, the weird disconnect between body and mind that VRChat creates is really fun. Like forcing my brain to exist in that unsettled state. It never becomes 'normal' to look down and see someone else's body, and it becomes more drastic with a female body than a male one. My brain can't reconcile it so it's a fun and weird experience. It's also cool to just experience a perspective I never get in real life. I'm me 24/7, so being someone else is a cool experience. Similar reason I love RPGs.
He and Tactical look really fucking good. I can't wait to see them vs C9's bot.
Ssumday's NA curse continues. Get the man a strong team around him.
Contractz is coin-flip personified, but at least he's fun to watch imo
this subreddit is one massive pit of negativity lately
Playing Kass of all picks into 2020 C9 is one of the most mind-boggling draft ints i've seen in a long time.
Yeah there's players like Blaber who will instantly look at home and be playing at a high level, but some like Kumo take time to adjust and grow. Especially in NA going from Academy to LCS is going to be a big jump in the competition you're against. You're going from playing against players like Lourlo to playing against Ssumday and Licorice. We saw a similar pattern from Solo. He struggled when he first joined LCS and now a few years later he looks great.
Jensen is hard to get a read on for me. IMO he doesn't exert the pressure that you'd expect from a top tier mid like we used to see from Bjergen, or now see from Nisqy and Jiizuke. He's really hit or miss imo. He'll take over some games but look completely inconsequential in others.
Let's not forget the man, the myth, the Winterfox Avalon.
I also like “Intelligence is knowing that tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing to not put it in a fruit salad.”
I had a great time playing with a 4 man squad, but the game was broken in any sort of matchmaking party. There was no chat, no pinging, no voice chat. You had 0 ability to communicate with your team, so every match was a stomp in one direction. It was lacking basic UI polish. It needed another 4-6 months in the oven.
NA mids and rookies are against worse competition. Look how long it took Kumo, Licorice, Damonte, Solo, etc. to grow into their role. Going from Academy -&gt; LCS is rough in NA. No NA mid is going to look better in scrims than EU or established mids due to that. You have to take a gamble on them and let them grow against the better competition that LCS is going to provide.
I believe the current set of high end LG OLEDs can.
Somehow people manage to figure it out when every year a new iPhone comes out. People are more intelligent than you give them credit for, no one is going to be confused if they want to buy the newest Xbox.
If you go to the Apple store, you currently have the option between: iPhone 11 Pro, iPhone 11, iPhone SE and iPhone XR. That naming is confusing until someone tells you that 11 is the high end, SE is the low end. Same way that Xbox might be confusing until someone tells you Series X is the high end and Series S (or whatever they call it) is the low end. A big part of why Apple's method isn't confusing is because they pull previous generations off the shelf. You're not walking into a store and comparing 5 years of iPhones and trying to figure out if the X, 7, 11 Pro, SE or XR is what you need. Microsoft has already discontinued production of their current gen Xbox consoles, so they'll probably go a similar route of clearing shelves as best as they can and only having the new options available.
Yup, that's ready for next gen. I have the C8 so I just missed all those features. I have no doubt that next year is going to be me finding any excuse I can to upgrade my TV.
A big issue is also that our rookies don't do well in tryouts *because* the secondary league is so weak. Eika did better than other mids in scrims, including native ones. No shit, he has been playing against better players for years, while our Academy players are playing against way worse competition. EU Masters is going to provide better competition for Eika than Academy will for Palafox. So when it comes time to scrim against LCS teams then a player who is used to tough competition like Eika is going to look better than an NA mid who has been against players like Linsanity. Look at someone like Kumo. He was good in Academy, joined LCS and got absolutely demolished. It has taken quite a while for him to finally grow into the spot and look good. Going from Academy to LCS he got thrown against way tougher competition and it took time for him to grow. He went from playing against Lourlo to playing against Ssumday. Same thing happened with Solo. Same thing happened with Cody Sun. Same thing happened with Vulcan. NA players will rarely get a shot if you go purely by tryouts because any given NA player is not going to have the same opportunity of growth and practice that even a low tier EU mid like Eika will have. If we can't strengthen our development league and infrastructure then growing NA players is essentially going to require taking a gamble that they can grow once they're actually against good competition. It's a catch-22.
IMO Eika is *fine* on an individual level, but he has nearly no impact on games. I come out of IMT games forgetting that he was even there. He's not an asset to the team, he does his job if the team is ahead, but he's not popping off, he's not going for plays, he's like the epitome of safe and mediocre. At least Ry0ma shows up in team fights. He's not a great player but it's easy to see where his strengths are. I can't say that for Eika, and if that's all he's going to be then give someone else a shot. You're a 10th place team, it's not like you can get worse.
That blaberfish swam across the ocean and learned from the best
Voldy using polyjuice*
It seems to have paid off! How long have you been painting?
Still one of my favorite plays from last years Worlds is where Blaber just straight up walked down through a tower as a low level to get a kill without a fuck given. It was hilarious and perfectly encompassed the blaberfish2 mindset.
Depending on if IMT sticks with their roster change, Insanity would also qualify. I don't know if allorim played too many games in his brief LCS stint to not quality anymore.
That has to smart, being flame horizoned by your replacement.
2019 100T fans: "I wish they would kick Aphro and finally let Stunt play and bring back Meteos." *the monkey's paw curls*
My fear with Contractz is that he's only looking great because the meta suits him. I don't know that I trust he's finally regaining his C9 form unless he shows this performance for the rest of the split.
Yeah true, it's certainly worth giving him a shot. It's not like he can be worse than Meteos.
Yeah Dig's bot lane is looking super good, and Lourlo is a huge step up from V1per. Now they have to sort their abysmal mid/jungle.
I wouldn’t be surprised if we see Dardoch &amp; Fenix. That could have been a win for Dig if they had a stronger mid and jungler. Top and bot played their heart out.
Absolutely absurd they put in Altec and Gate instead. Maybe it was a language barrier thing and Zaboutine mixed up Academy and LCS on the roster forms
Xmithie didn’t look great, Potluck has potential, but the other upgrades are so worth it
I hope more of them get a shot. It’s taken Insanity *years* and a management implosion to finally get a shot. That’s shitty.
C9A would legit be top 5 in LCS if not top 3.
The reluctance for teams (beyond C9) to try out their Academy players in LCS is really weird. I wonder if there's some sort of sunk cost fallacy going on, like teams worry that not sticking with their main roster will stunt growth.
i didn't come here to read attacks on my voli jungling
It's best for their growth too. Otherwise you risk going to a low level team and then losing an LCS spot like Goldenglue and Contractz. If they'd stayed on C9 they would have continued to develop within the C9 infrastructure. Being on C9 means having access to C9 coaching which is a massive upside.
Watching Rush try to play Nunu like Lee Sin was hilarious. The man's brain only has one mode.
EG looked like they had no idea what to do with Jiizuke on a supportive mid, doubly so once TSM was focusing him. I think they're still the 2nd best team in NA, every team will have some ?? games now and then.
C9 will get promoted to its own region. Similar to how there used to be NA LCS and EU LCS, there'll now be NA LCS and C9 LCS.
Not even Bob Ross beat the devil out of his brushes that hard
[OmarGod looking down on the LCS from heaven ](https://gfycat.com/largeaffectionateisabellineshrike)
It’s never been confirmed or really even hinted that him oversleeping was the reason he’s not with the LCS anymore. It’s why he wasn’t on the Worlds broadcast, but it’s pure speculation that it’s the reason he was eventually let go from the LCS.
I get the impression it was an emotional reaction he didn’t think through, and the barrier to tweeting something is very small. He got frustrated and from his perspective was being treated unfairly, and then after he calmed down he deleted the tweet realizing it’s a stupid idea. But it’s not the type of thing you can just undo after putting it out into the world. This far into his career and earning the type of money he is, he needs to really take a step back and work on conducting himself better. Burning bridges can come back to bite you very fast.
It’s possible that the meta swings back in Meteos’ favor, and he’s also a veteran who can offer a lot to rookie players in a setting like Academy. Stunt doesn’t really have those. He’s not super experienced by LCS standards and he just flat out hasn’t performed at a high level in any of the chances he’s gotten.
Oh 100% he knows, but the decisions you make when you’re frustrated and angry can be different from the ones you make when you are calm and actually thinking things through. I think those tweets are the result of the former, otherwise he wouldn’t have taken them down. He should know better by this point and it’s going to hurt his career if he doesn’t improve on it.
What you describe was pretty much me with hookah for ~3 of my college years. I'd go out with buddies and it was just super relaxing to sit in this dark and peaceful room and blow out that smoke. I'd even get a strong buzz sometimes. I forced myself to stop going since it's super well documented how horrible hookah is for you. Why does the stuff that feels good have to be so unhealthy ☹
IMO it's a game that has *just* enough going for it that it's going to look good in clips and screenshots and pull people in, as there's not a lot of good new MMOs out there these days. It's only once you actually dig in or read reviews that you understand the game is severely lacking.
