You didn't explain anything... How did they change the game? That's what I'm wondering. Or are you just here to collect your tiny amount of attention for hating an EA game?
&gt; Nothing /u/rihardn said is wrong. &gt; I didn't play Andromeda &gt; They somehow managed to turn what used to be a spectacular game, at least to me, into one of the most boring games I have played How do you know if the game is boring if you didn't play it? Why would you back up somebody's statement on something if you didn't play it at all?
Have a nice day, don't love yourself too much today.
You have to switch off the simming penalty I'm pretty sure.
I was 75 after one year and I led the league in points my first year in the league. I think it depends more on your difficulty settings than anything.
Nobody cares who won what game. Trust me, if there's a split, both teams will completely claim that they deserve it over the other team.
Ah yes, all 150 points of reaction.
&gt; But people aren’t perfect, so in real life condoms are about 85% effective How do you even get to that percentage? They don't state any sort of logic for that. Yes, things aren't as effective if you don't use them properly. "Sir, your coffee is faulty. I poured it into my asshole and it burnt me so I'm suing you."
But people are clearly watching...
Cheyenne(Laramie County) went 62% for Trump, I wouldn't call that "deeply conservative". Natrona/Casper at least went 72%.
I'm sorry but I'll be recognizing UCF's claim and supporting them in the upcoming war.
&gt; only one additional book has come out. And even with these massive delays, it's not like the newer books are that great. That part confuses me. You only waited on one book from what you said before that. The rest of that reads like you really enjoyed the series and then just got caught up in bitching about his release times. I don't see how that changes what you've already read.
Do fans actually like it or do they not hate it? Almost all of the comments on here are VERY lukewarm about it.
I think this is the biggest turnaround for optimism I've ever felt for a team. From essentially giving up back to "we're coming back!"
You red-soil, dusty motherfuckers better remember what we had!
Wait, I thought the difference between them was that they're wearing hockey pads?
But he'll never be Vick as a runner. So he needs to pass better.
[No kidding](http://www.espn.com/nfl/game?gameId=400951792).
Is that why Detroit's defense sucks? Tate has been forcing his team to miss tackles?
Moiling tur.
I think it's an argument only because I think Julio would fucking crush with the supporting cast that AB has. Ben &gt; Ryan Juju &gt; Sanu/Gabriel Bell &gt; Freeman I'm not sure if he'd do BETTER, but I think he'd do around just as well.
I like Ryan and Freeman quite a lot and I'm cool with people picking Ryan over Ben...but having Bell likely opens up a lot for an offense. I always like to think about how players would do in other situations.
Then it should be easy for you to provide a link. Why does everyone insinuate how easy it is instead of just doing it?
&gt; Those inmates will never be released and will never be a danger to the public again. Aren't they still a danger to the rest of people in prison? Or are we now not supposed to care about anyone in prison? If someone who would've been put down goes on to kill four other people in prison, is that now alright since they weren't out in "public"?
&gt; My point was losing one innocent man to the death penalty is too many Except the opposite side also means losing innocent lives if they're killing people in prison. Sometimes you have to choose the lesser evil.
Couldn't they help you by just solving the problem themselves with their higher intelligence? I don't need to understand my IT manager, I just need him to solve those problems himself.
&gt; I have different results from you Jeepers, maybe that's why telling somebody to Google something isn't a great plan for proving a point.
I find myself hating how they're portraying a lot of the data in "their source". It also appears that they weren't tracking violent history until 2016 and use that single year to say that violent histories don't matter....come on now.
Yes, he's quite good. It doesn't mean we can't discuss alternate realities for fun.
&gt; because similar histories still result in the same discrepancies In the one year that they are able to track. That's a very short window to determine violent behavior.
&gt; good teams don't get blown out by 20+ points Do you agree with this statement and then do you think the Rams are good?
Story Enemy design
Except I'm not. I'm just saying that someone could've created everything we live in, because there is no evidence that he/she/it didn't. I'm not saying it as an explanation for something, I'm just saying it could happen because it could.
Dang, those are some cheap earbuds. For another option [these on Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Plantronics-BackBeat-Wireless-Bluetooth-Headphones/dp/B00P89AVRU/ref=sr_1_7?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1515168966&amp;sr=8-7&amp;keywords=plantronics+bluetooth+headset) are the ones I've used for a year or two and they're pretty great. They'll last my whole week of lifting and then I'll just charge them sometime over the weekend.
Never tell me the over/unders!
Except isn't Frank's family killed because he stopped doing bad things and then his friend and former employer decided to try and kill him/them so he couldn't leak information about the bad shit they did? That seems like the opposite.
I enjoyed Simpsons and Family Guy a lot more when I was younger. I'd rather watch The Office or Parks and Rec nowadays.
&gt; perps only got probation. Let's focus on how you're wrong instead of ignoring the fact that you're wrong.
Except, in the Lord of the Rings, Gandalf, the White Wizard, turned out to be a good guy.
So, that's it, huh? We're some kind of watchers on the wall?
I think Sinai might be my least favorite map at the moment. Anybody have any good tips for dealing with the buttholes who just hang out on top of the rock formations? Mortars?
Usually my best bet is switching to scout but if they have a scout or two up there as well they seem to have an advantage. Seems much easier to get spotted down below than up on the rocks standing still.
&gt; her two actual favourite movie actors My favorite movie actors aren't the ones I want to fuck the most.
Not only am I glad that most other people don't like that commercial, I'm glad they're also mean to a child about it. I am not alone.
How do you clean a reasonable sized rug that you use for this?
They're both like each other. Just because one was made before the other doesn't make them not similar.
I don't even know who the fuck Leonard Cohen is.
Well I was just talkin' bout Shaft.
Wait, isn't Riddick the receiving/3rd down back?
Doesn't even have a cover on it. Who makes an album without anal bum cover?
&gt; With a pocket full of cigs ftfy
I was pretty neutral or supportive about all of the Midwest teams because I didn't have a pro team in my state. After this season, I'd put Minnesota at the bottom of those because of the fans.
We all played Tiger Woods PGA Tour when we were young. I'm guessing that's how most of the people around here know about it, haha.
What do you think of me? Make an assessment.
Yep, I heard good things about the salted caramel and went that way. It tastes good and I mix it with my coffee but it's a strong taste and overpowers most of the things you put it in. Make sure you like it, haha.
&gt; You have as much chance to make it to the top as you have of the ladder attacking you and beating you down to the floor. Um, you can just fall.
Matt Patricia looks like the Santa that only gives you Bud Light for Christmas.
Big Ten: "We hope Nebraska loses early or they will be fucking unbearable"
&gt; It's like they fetishize wealth rather than embrace frugality/practicality/need. Probably because there are already subs for frugality/practicality/need. You're in one.
I think I see this "Well look at this fat cat using" meme almost every comment section as well, haha.
Yeah, we steamrolled early, but you need to know when to switch classes. If you're best class is scout, then at least get comfortable with one closer range class. I tend to suck with assault unless I'm literally right next to someone so unless I need to blow some vehicles up, I stick with an auto Medic.
Can we get AAC store credit?
I don't want to hear anymore words come out of your fat mouth, boooooo.
Well, he still had a major romantic subplot in Blade Runner and the main plot was about the previous main character falling in love and having a child.
Joffrey?
Foot is being generous. I'd guess around 6".
As long you made some sort of cake by the ocean, I think you did good.
How to poop and fuck.
A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one.
Would it count in the reverse order? Headshot and then body?
&gt; This child was also an extremely important person who had major implications for the future of replicants and humanity. Yes, because it represented love and procreation from two things that haven't been known to be in love and procreate. She represents the love they shared and the bond. Romance.
Can anyone link a text description from the website? Can't load it at work apparently.
Why not ask K-Ci?
Well, some people wait a lifetime...for a moment like this.
&gt; Also that's when you truly become a adult and have to pay for your own insurance and whatnot. Most kids move out by 25, so there's that as well What? Those things happen several years before that for most people.
Sex is sex and romance is romance, at least to me. I don't think I'm being romantic by going to town on my girlfriend for something that clearly pleasures me.
&gt; which is why it has more weight when I say fuck rich people Your opinion has no weight when you say fuck rich people.
&gt; plenty of people "live with their parents" through college And then 4 years after? No.
Do we just not play in September or something anymore? We play in heat sometimes...
We're not going to agree. Just leave it be.
Loans? And I'm supposed to be the rich one? That super ritzy Radioshack job of mine paid for rent/utilties/car payment though.
I did not but it might explain why I suck with revolvers.
You could bathe in the raw chickpeas. Feels way better than hummus.
To each their own, I liked Spotted Cow though and it seems a lot of others do. I'd attack a different beer, haha.
&gt; Yes, but what if you want some lemonade that has less sugar than the store-bought versions? Buy one with less sugar.
It'll still exist, the Vikings will be the Los Angeles Vikings by then though.
Did people even recognize the number? I barely remembered what video card I got after I got it. I just made sure it ran what I needed to and played.
Well, you're saying how profitable it is and [some people here](https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/7s434f/this_is_why_gamers_hate_miners_so_much/dt22s6b/) are saying it's a terrible idea. People can't agree with both of you.
Wouldn't all of the retailers/manufacturers have to do that? If Nvidia does it and nobody else does, they just lose a bunch of money.
Why would Nvidia have to drop their other stuff? They literally just keep some cards, at cost, and have someone set shit up. I'm sure they have some tech people who know how it works on staff.
Yeah, [good job Boston](https://i.imgur.com/kcLe9rY.gif).
Okay now...let's not act like Minneapolis doesn't have a huge hipster population, haha. It's the most hipster city in the Midwest that I've ever been to.
Most likely, and I would also view that as a negative.
&gt; TL;DR: ONE woman doesnt care about your dick size FTFY. Others may very well care, especially from what I've heard from my friends that are girls for the last like 10 years.
You need to diversify your marriage bonds, nigga.
It seems you should get a timeshare in oblivion with how often you are there.
But he seems to be having the last laugh...and the laughs before the last laugh as well.
Or just don't hang out with or date people you have to worry about locking things away from. If you feel the need to lock your shit away, you don't trust them or you're hiding something. My phone hasn't been used by someone else in years and I don't lock it.
&gt; In any case I'd rather people react in a calm, rational manner to violence, and desensitization helps in that regard. Standing there and doing nothing about it is also a side effect of this and has been occurring more and more.
I feel like cougar hunting for 50+ year olds online might be the worst way to go about it... I usually don't think of 50 year old women trolling for ass online.
[Hi Orlando, could you point me to the National Championship?](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/4C1LARnXmiE/maxresdefault.jpg)
https://i.imgur.com/WLaeUPr.gif
You do know they aren't actually sitting on that bench, right? It's not like that's their camera view.
&gt; Why SHOULD the stores sell to only gamers? Because this sub wants to pay a little less to get the top end video cards...so the entire world should conform around that.
She most definitely has been with men...because he's her SO. So he knows that.
I'm really split on which bowling pun I should go for.
They basically just did the SUPER AWESOME FRIENDSHIP BUT BATMAN DOESN'T WANT IT theme 90% of the time. It didn't wait until the end.
Who cares about Stacy? Her mom is who has it going on.
It doesn't matter whether they are shooting back or not. Your aiming is still going to be off if you are using your non-dominant eye to aim without closing your dominant eye.
Yes, but he's also saying that closing an eye serves no purpose and I've explained an instance where it does. Having both eyes open is going to be better, but if you feel more comfortable holding with your right hand and your eye dominance is the opposite, you're going to need to close your other eye if you don't put in lots of time correcting your eyes.
[Just use your own](http://i.imgur.com/XTxFFfK.jpg).
If you don't know what I'm suggesting, reread what I wrote.
&gt; However, this is why you need to train it. Sure, if you would like to take months/years to retrain your eyes to go hunting, sure. Otherwise, my example stands as a reason to close one eye. I'm done with this conversation.
I mean, damaging vehicles with the wrench is part of a service assignment so I'm guessing it's not unreasonable.
Some games I'll load into the map but it won't let me spawn until the other team is already capturing shit. It's quite annoying.
My initial spawn does that sometimes regardless of what I load out as. I usually will be running with no weapons loaded for a while but I can technically use them, it just won't show the animations or the weapons themselves.
People like Batman and people like LEGO. I just don't see how people think this comes to close to being as good as the first LEGO Movie.
&gt; after the original bad guy died Ares was the bad guy the whole time. She just didn't know which person it was. At least it didn't go with SUPER AWESOME FRIENDSHIP BUT BATMAN NO LIKEY for 2 hours. Most of the good Batman jokes were used when he was better used as a side character in the first LEGO movie.
"We need a defenseman this draft. You think this is the guy?" "Yep, yzerman."
People are far too concerned with being "masculine" for that advice to work around here.
&gt; It is explicitly the prerogative of the judge to determine sentencing. Now I don't think *you* know what *you're* talking about. They have sentencing guidelines established and going outside of those is not taken lightly. It's not "their prerogative". They aren't allowed to sentence people willy-nilly.
We're in a comment section talking about a 100+ year old light bulb and you won't allow things used last year?
&gt; but if sentencing is to be between 40 to 100 years, then the judge is to decide where in that spectrum the actual sentence should be. He doesn't even get to decide that though. It all depends on Nassar's history, counts committed, etc. It's going to be a much smaller range that you're indicating.
&gt; Stop playing against the 3 dudes who can actually snipe then Ah yes, pick your enemies...
And that changes my point how? I was speaking in generalities, sorry for losing sight of this one specific case that doesn't change how things work. Argue against my point, not a word error.
That was not obvious at all. It was a chain talking about CK and a comment mostly referring to CK.
&gt; You have yourself a nice day.
&gt; Put teams in cities with no NFL team I know I'm biased but I'll say it again: give Omaha/Lincoln a pro team. Have they not seen how we flock to college games? We have nothing else to do and we love football. Those areas are big enough to support a team.
Just update the NFL Blitz rosters with XFL players and call it XFL Blitz. There, I made #1 selling sports game in 2020.
Any team who must say I am the champion is no true champion.
Either I'm an idiot or that got edited right after. I don't think squash is expensive either though.
I do not get how people are logically saying they enjoyed the movie because they might be able to make a decent movie out of the setup. The only thing they've shown is hot garbage, vote on the hot garbage.
It wasn't the worst movie I've seen...but it was the worst movie I've seen this year. I do not get it.
When he progressively filled that binder?
Yeah, I'm obviously not the one taking it personally.
Are you letting the dogs just catch the rabbits or do you use them to flush them out? I have rabbits wander into our chain link fence but I've always considered taking him out in the fields.
Do you just wait if the beagle is right on their tail?
I would agree with Saturday. I don't use Reddit much on the weekends and it's not like they're busy that day....what with not having social lives or dates.
Yeah, I went to a Catholic high school and college. A lot of the Catholics would have to play for the Convicts.
"Stanley, two barks if you think this house is passe"
"am i the only one?" No, never.
&gt; Dog will never catch it This year's experience would say otherwise, haha. My dogs have caught 4 rabbits in the yard...but they probably wouldn't so well in an open field maybe.
If I wanted to sit and ponder I'd read a damn scientific journal. I come here to see quick reactions and quickly react to them.
"Kevin Love was kinda standoffish when I pestered him about the same shit other people always pester him about. What a dick!"
&gt; But if they were picked last, then they weren't picked at all. Except they were picked. They were picked over the guy who somebody had no choice in at all.
My beagle knows what "treat" and "here" means but I'll sometimes see him stand there and think which one he'd rather do. He could come in for the treat...or keep sniffing out in the yard. He usually makes the right choice but sometimes I'll have to go and pick him up and carry him in against his will, haha.
Possibly, but even among white people some of the paler folks were viewed as pure/chaste in old art.
I doubt I have to worry about him and deer. He doesn't even trust large dogs much less things even bigger.
Yeah, gonna be honest...I don't really ever notice if everybody else is dead in my squad. It's a tiny amount in the bottom corner of my screen and I usually have more pressing issues as an assault in the middle of stuff. I'm sure really good people might be able to keep track of that...I cannot.
If there was some sort of notification other than the "Last Man Standing" after it already happened, I'd do it more often. I just can't track everything that needs to be tracked.
No, the entire point is that it's *his* career. He's not on the hook for everybody that ever works with him as well. I shouldn't pass up a promotion because it might affect somebody else's career by them not getting it instead of me. Worry about your own shit.
&gt; would be to have easy-to-use whitelisting software on our phones With everyone having a number registered to either a person or a company. And us being able to block every registered number from that company/person. Problem solved. "Oh we can't be more specific with foreign numbers than 'From India'"...good. I'll never receive a call from India that I need.
Why not? Remember how funny Aaron Hernandez was? Haha, what a character.
&gt; you know, where drivers can legally drink while driving a boat is nearly an exclusively Floridian law No, it's not. You clearly have no idea what you're talking about. I'm done with this conversation.
By generally under 100 calories total. It's not as much as people have always bro-scienced at you. Working out and having more body mass(muscle or not) are going to make the difference on how much you burn. &gt; 10lbs of extra muscle is burning way more calories by just existing. About 60-100 more calories tops.
Probably because you can't actually make the emblem in the game. You have to download an app, sign up, and then make it on your phone. That's stupid to ask of people. Halo lets you do it in game so people generally have custom emblems made.
with a box of scraps!
Yep, unless you're a marathon athlete of some kind, your exercising is going to be equal to a couple of Oreos each day at best. Most of your calories are through being casually active all day instead of exercising. That or you have a labor job of some kind.
The method of submission doesn't affect the submission.
Already told you I'm done with you. Piggybacking on somebody else's comment isn't going to help.
Tyreke Hill begs to differ.
&gt; She didn’t fly, she pulled herself to the bridge. After never showing she could actually do anything with The Force besides feel things, we're supposed to assume she has enough control to essentially fly when even Kenobi could not? Okay.
I'm betting a lot of these things are just things he read in a coffee subreddit or one of his coffee snobs told him. It sounds like coffee bro-science.
They don't fucking know. They just want to hate people. The internet is for hate and pets.
A place where it's just terrible luck and nobody can win a championship...where have we heard that before?
I'm a Nebraska fan. Be careful what you wish for.
So...coffee and creamer. Do you not know what protein powder is?
I wonder if I'm thinking of a different chain then? I remember ordering a regular cold brew and it basically being near milk color with a little brown. I thought it was Starbucks but maybe somewhere else.
I'm so confused at what you are even trying to say the last two comments.
Can-do-sville baby doll.
Because this post doesn't really seem like LifeProTips and more like SuburbanMomTips. I think I can hang out in this sub and not expect too many coffee posts though.
[Someone say Freakshow?](https://i11.photobucket.com/albums/a170/RhymePhile/Melonilicious/Harold%20and%20Kumar/HaroldKumar20.jpg)
Ever bump the press and spill it all over the floor? Things get messy when you screw up...try not screwing up so much.
&gt; I can't control the manufactured integrity of shitty paper products, but I can keep a steady hand. Do you honestly think your hand is more reliable than a machine manufactured piece of paper? If it is, why are you spilling drip coffee grinds all over the floor?
[Stupid TV and its stupid scenes](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/86/7c/63/867c637bf3b43315654dc6d15fc47a3d--scrubs-quotes-epic-quotes.jpg)
That's because everybody is friends in HeLegoLand.
&gt; I only use ADS on long range With the trench I generally don't even bother with that. It's way too hard to keep it stable and viewable while ADS. I'll just get closer, stay safe, or hip fire and hit them while keeping my vision.
Fluffy things like that maybe last one night at my house. It would take longer to create than to destroy.
He sent him a picture of his serviced goods.
I watch it just for Kate Beckinsale. I have never been disappointed.
&gt; Most trucks I see on the road are grocery haulers &gt; I'm not taking about op. It's easy to say most of something is a certain way when you ignore the instances where it is not. "Most of the people in the world are White. What? I'm not talking about Asians."
It isn't that bad. It plays exactly like the other ME games and there's a couple of interesting characters you play with. The story was obviously made to be expanded on so there's a pretty bad cliffhanger though.
&gt; Which makes it ridiculous to be a gunner when the driver is going through every building, expecting you to hit your targets. Sometimes that's almost unavoidable...unless you want to stumble over a couple of AT mines while driving down a road. Taking bumpy hills and side routes is often safer.
Yeah, everybody is wrong but you. I'm sure that's what's actually going on. The analogy seemed rather fitting to me. Here's another one: "It's okay honey, I didn't intend to cheat on you when I went out last night, I'm a good guy"
I'm not sure if I could get my head that far in the sand for you to hear me.
But those reasons don't seem like very valid ones either, and they acknowledge it still could've been politics. Five seasons isn't that old for your second best comedy. Only Allen is the real blockbuster so it's not like their character budget is as big as Friends or Parks and Rec and other similar shows. The other reasons seem like they're stretching any reason for it other than politics. Sure, it might not have been cancelled for that reason, but what I was reading around the time certainly seemed that way. I wouldn't even have minded if they toned it down in the show, I just liked it.
No, it isn't very fun but dying immediately is even less fun.
They get ad revenues though, so you're doing the same thing you're accusing me of and dismissing a pretty big point.
I always thought it meant Peace The Fuck Out...as in run away.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7wJ8pE2qKU And I'm sure a few others on that classic.
You're in /r/gaming. Don't expect any sort of mature response to anything outside of the popular opinion. You knew that comment wasn't going to be liked.
There's too many BF series and reboots. I can't keep track of all this shit.
Yeah, okay. I'm just sure everybody will stop sniping and laying down with a telescopic LMG. Oh wait, it's just "complain about any change that doesn't benefit me" time.
Because everybody bitches about it so everybody else tries it to see how well it does. The complaints just bring about more people using it.
Apparently replying back to you is "caring so much". You care equally as much it seems.
&gt; Of course Nebraska had a triple option play in its playbook &gt; For years Osborne said Nebraska didn't run triple option, but instead, called handoff and keeps in the huddle So wait, did they have it or not? You literally can't make it more than two sentences without putting your foot in your mouth.
Is wearing a wine shirt or having a wine case that much worse than having video game shirts and video game themes all over your shit?
&gt; a galactic struggle for power Was it really galactic? It was just two factions, mostly in the same two locations, and you knew who was going to win. If people really thought the super mother/son combo who can see the future and read thoughts were going to lose, then we are quite different people.
[Gender?](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/GrouchyFoolhardyFly-size_restricted.gif)
You would be surprised what people get gifted if they say they like something. Having a sign that says "haha wine" doesn't mean they're an alcoholic.
He lost a kid that we barely got an introduction to, lost a father that knew he was gone and planned accordingly, and basically wiped an entire House out of power. They gained all of their power back, got another child in his sister, and also got a royalty wife. Who lost more in that novel? Because it sounds like Harkonnen was more about loss than Atreides.
I think it's mostly because I usually don't plan much ahead and I'll watch hockey when there's not much else on. I'll click the links in order until I get something good enough, haha.
It could be worse, you could be at 59 ego and struggling to get hits for most games...only to have the other person forfeit any time you score more than 3 runs because they also cannot score any runs. All this while having no feedback from your previous line drives so you have no idea what to change...even though it looks like you have the reticule on the pitch most of the time.
What was the meltdown thread about?
&gt; The $30 knives you mentioned are still vastly superior to the super cheap option Yeah, it's like $200 for the knife set. That's not exactly the cheap option, haha.
&gt; The problem is that hard hit pitches go 99% of the time to the hands of the pitcher or the fielder. &gt; &gt; The most op teams are the power hitting teams Because they hit over the heads of the fielders. Your point works with the person you responded to. People like playing as the power hitters because balls aren't getting through the gaps for the contact teams.
The first sentence in the Batey link you provided mentions he's a football player. The very first one. [Here](https://www.cnn.com/2017/12/02/us/brock-turner-sexual-assault-appeal/index.html) is an article with a similar title for Brock Turner...and it was the first result of my search for "Brock Turner verdict". You're trying to make something out of nothing, in my opinion.
&gt; There's no reason that a catcher hitting .079 should anticipate a forkball on the outside of the plate at a 0-0 count. Are you throwing a lot of forkballs? Because I get a nice reminder like that if I get bored and start chucking fastballs too often.
Don't you ever change, Mets fans.
User asks for responses from people who are against kneeling, gets nothing but responses from people supporting it.
You don't need tabloid rumors, they have an entire documentary of him hooking up with that April chick.
Actually, he'd probably destroy all of his inventions and go live in a secret community in Colorado where he only works on his trade one month a year.
https://media.makeameme.org/created/Blue-Why-isnt.jpg
&gt; well im on mouse and keyboard Do you just play the computer then? Others have said that Pennant doesn't allow mouse.
Dude, if you need your wand fixed then take it to Diagon Alley. Your professor should've taught you that years ago.
Some drink for entertainment and how it makes them feel when they are drunk. This sounds like someone saying "I saw the first 5 minutes of The Godfather and I didn't find it to be that great."
&gt; You don’t get anything of value from correlation with a confounding issue. It's new information. That's always valuable. There's no need to dismiss everything as "not good enough" when searching for information. It doesn't have to prove beyond a doubt that the booze causes it.
Not him and I'm sort of divided on the kneeling issue, but: &gt; The right to protest is a fundamental truth of American society and its something we have always held dear, considering its partly the reason we were founded as a country. The right to make political statements while at work is not a fundamental truth, especially in highly publicized professions. I think it would be frowned upon if kneeling were to mean "Democrats are baby killers". &gt; Secondly, Kaep asked a veteran the best way to protest and was told that kneeling is the way to go One veteran does not speak for all veterans and all Americans. As many people have pointed out before, this sounds like the "a black guy told me I can use the word" type logic. Again, I'm not against kneeling, I'm just pointing out why someone might be.
&gt; This is kind of a strawman though We're not having a formal debate though. You don't need to follow every logical fallacy to have an opinion.
I was making a clear exaggeration to help explain my point. I'm tired of logical fallacies getting brought in whenever someone offers up their opinion on a matter. I'm not having a debate, I was just expressing my thoughts. I provided that snippet to possibly help people on the left see something similar to what they could be seeing on the right with the kneeling.
How does that support or refute the following in any way? &gt; The right to make political statements while at work is not a fundamental truth, especially in highly publicized professions
Thanks, my dude.
Look, I have no idea where you're going with this. Let's just be done.
What do you mean by "divide"? Do they sprout new plants often or do they just grow so big that you have to cut the leaves to keep them separated?
Do you *have* to dig them up and do that sort of maintenance every few years, and how difficult is it?
A space between them? Otherwise it doesn't make sense, haha.
The dude he responded to asked a question, stated he hasn't kept up, and then opened the door for his opinion to be wrong. It was about as honest and level-headed as you can be.
&gt; Line the ball up with the reticle. Yes, it's so simple.... Basically all he's saying is "don't swing at balls and put the reticule on the ball to hit it well." We know that, it's just not very easy to do. Even when you think you do, line drives get instacaught by the pitcher or an infielder with maybe a drop/error 1% of the time. Poor fielding stats have almost zero repercussions and it's a problem. That's why people play mostly power teams so that they can just hit it over any fielder once a game and maybe win.
He learned that from Jake Plummer.
&gt; -3 for asking how to do something, loving this thread. Um, is this your first time in this sub? You should've had the [Beginner - Cold Brew] tag if you didn't want to get downvoted for not knowing something.
&gt; I didn't vote for him How'd he become Mayor then?
I'm not too worried about sweetener/cream, I've been using flavored whey for the past year or two.
That's not new.
Did they reach their average numbers in the playoff game they lost? Because this RB is magically guaranteed to.
[It's not really that frequently](https://www.cbssports.com/mlb/news/leaderboarding-best-and-worst-at-hard-and-soft-contact-from-2013-15/). The average is 28.3% *when they actually put it in play*. I'm going to guess the rate for hard hit outs is higher in the game because fielders bobble things hit at them maybe 1% of the time even with average or poor fielding.
Only if he still casually brings the strikeout up to his friend for the next 10-15 years.
Complisults are passed down from generation to generation.
Oddly enough, I'm not an Eagles fan haha. You take your NFL shots, sir.
"Jokes are funny but not when I'm the butt of them"
Tampa Bay. I grew up in Nebraska and apparently decided to pick random red-ish sports teams from around the country when I was younger. TB Bucs, Phillies, Avalanche, Cavs. I don't know if I did it on purpose or not since I think TB was still pewter and the Avs are more blue.
[Minnesotans giving directions to Packers fans](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/4C1LARnXmiE/maxresdefault.jpg).
Honestly most of the Colorado hate is almost two decades old now but I don't see it changing any time soon, haha.
&gt; Matt Ryan, Cam, or Stafford. Honestly, gun to my head and having to pick right now with no further information, I'm taking all three of those over Luck.
Maybe they just really liked Stone Cold Steve Austin, you candy ass.
&gt; A newer person to r/CFB shouldn't have as much sway on a game for r/CFB members as older members. And someone who has made one comment 5 years ago shouldn't necessarily have more sway than someone who has been consistently active for a couple of years. It's why they have multiple different categories.
Just tell Oklahoma they are all Longhorn fans. They'll take care of it for us.
I remember watching it and enjoying it and I'm a dude. It's worth seeing once.
[You and your opinions!](https://media.giphy.com/media/d8XuMKaokjASQ/giphy.gif)
[My reaction](http://s23257.pcdn.co/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/SlothGoonies_BabyRuth-760x399.jpg)
&gt; Sometimes critics are have good taste. - Jefferystar94
Yeah, and I'd say the ones that are spot on are the ones that gave it good reviews...because I thought it was entertaining as hell. I'm alright with liking something that a movie subreddit does not.
I assure you people in the US know Trout more commonly than Messi.
And the container is blue....dear sweet baby jesus.
I try my best.
https://media0.giphy.com/media/AZ1PPDF8uO9MI/200.gif
I'd be very surprised if more than 1% of this sub would have been old enough to evaluate people in the early 90s and before. Just because I existed did not mean I could understand how great Barry Sanders was when I was 8.
How is he exaggerating if the other writers agree that he's practicing poorly then?
Suprisingly, I hadn't saw to manny grammer Nahtzees complaints lately.
Is that his sister-mom next to his brother-friend? And does she only have pointer-thumb-pinky?
"Our offense is unstoppable, these pickups were genius!" "Our team is a bunch of scrubs who can't hit for shit, whoever built this team has their head up their ass!"
Don't believe you can prove that
&gt; 99.9% of the time PI would be an automatic first down based on where the penalty happens. Why not do the same with illegal contact and defensive holding? Aren't those things pretty obvious with what those penalties entail? It's like saying "99% of holding calls happen within 5 yards of the line of scrimmage".
&gt; Make them all spot fouls with some lower cap of 5 or 10 yards &gt; &gt; Illegal contact by definition has to be &gt;5 yards downfield, so making it a 5 yard penalty So the lower cap already exists for illegal contact, PI, and defensive holding. All you are asking for is a spot foul for more yards for the other two. &gt; Do you think offensive penalties (other than false starts) should be a loss of down or automatic 4th down? I don't know where that came from and doesn't seem at all related to what we're talking about. &gt; I don't get what you're trying to say here. PI usually happens past the first down marker because the other two penalties are usually what happens before that point.
[Uncool.](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/33/2a/c4/332ac488a77981597fba15284f8a0f38--hooch-scrubs-tv.jpg)
Robert tried to kill Dany(as a child) It's speculated that Varys offs his little birds when they are no longer useful. Arya killed the stableboy. I'm sure the Fookin' Legend from Gin Alley killed some kids and Bronn also seems like he wouldn't be above that. And who the fuck knows what Bran has done in this lifetime or a future/previous one.
&gt; It's not a lower cap, it's always the same amount of yardage. And adding a spot foul to it would make that the lower cap.
I'm comfortable saying lots of things, doesn't make them all true.
How is this trolling? I feel like contributing nothing but calling somebody else a troll is.
We give sex offenders levels or supervision that would likely be deemed as excessive to the general population. We constantly monitor them and require things of them that we don't have the resources to do on a larger scale as well.
Everybody is acting like they know though.
Do you have the math on your calculations?
Generic "good pupper" comments haven't stopped us before.
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand pasta. The reference is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of meme statistics most of the knowledge will go over a typical reader's head.
&gt; Number 10 will shock you! TheMasiah, I got a feeling your whole family is going down, but right now I gotta study.
As Tupac always said: Only God can judge me.
&gt; your pull pen [Why not just use the opposite?](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e1/Pen_click.jpg)
First-person shooters such as Battlefield 1 are a pretty large abuser of this. They'd even give a week free to play each DLC option every so often just to try and bait you into buying it and then they'd pull it all back.
How dare you insult pickle juice like that.
To be honest, I like both pickle juice and wine. But usually only the fruity wines because it's like getting drunk on Kool-Aid with my girlfriend. And pickle juice helps me with leg cramps from running and sweating too much in the summer, learned that trick from football two-a-days.
I'd say it works for DeGrom. He's the person they throw out front in case things go poorly for the army and they need bodies to absorb the losses.
What's the Chaldean food situation looking like? I'm starting to learn that I dig Middle Eastern food and that's two separate countries that could make some delicious shit rolled into one.
Shamika, Kiesha, Tara Shonda, Sabrina, Crystal, Derhonda Lisa, Felicia, Tonisha, Shavon Monica, Monique, Christina, Yolonda
Don't you dare act like Willie Beamen didn't get you screamin'.
&gt; You’re entitled to your opinion Good, because I think the rest of that comment is just nonsense.
Maybe, but I'll see Harrelson in a Venom movie. No maybes needed.
Been a while since I've seen it, but I think at least the first half is non-Batman Bruce and the second half is him embracing his new self.
Yeah, fucking science fucks my shit up.
He must have the [Eye of the Jew](https://orig00.deviantart.net/4bd8/f/2011/036/a/e/jew_sharingan_by_irishassassin23-d38wsst.png)!
&gt; But journalism paid by ads becomes clickbait. Journalism has always been about views/clicks/sales. Now that people are frequently using adblockers, they'll switch to making you pay without the ads. This is what adblocking leads to, unfortunately.
You're done with hybrid alien plotlines but you're still fine with "bizarro version of hero ends up being villain"? Rehashing plot devices is as old as time.
Pawnee: Zorp is dead. Long Live Zorp.
Wait, are you saying that people don't know the exact location of every medium-sized and below city in America? Hot take... Try growing up in Nebraska and moving to South Dakota. You'll be lucky if they know the location of any city or the name of the capital.
There are many other things for a generic "politics" subreddit to discuss. It would be like /r/gaming only posting about how shitty EA is on every post for every day of the year.
&gt; Kind've a false equivalency. Stop with that. I think it's a fair comparison. &gt; Similarly, all major political decisions are made by Trump and the Republican majority congress Yikes.
I liked the farming/resource system better in ME2 than ME1, if I recall them correctly. Being able to probe instead of aimlessly driving around the planet in your Space-UV saved a lot of time.
I believe a lot of Democrat-heavy states have been legalizing marijuana. You didn't have to wait long.
Yeah, if you're going to Colorado, just fly.
It says "Men have lifted it to different heights as a test of strength for hundreds of years" and uses a blog post that has the same quote with no way of proving it as the source. I'm going to be a little skeptical about that claim and that &gt; but so many humans walked the earth that were far more badass than Rippetoe &gt; Spend a life not squatting and instead working to pick up a 400lb stone and you'll be plenty strong. "So many humans" have done such things.
Up close and angry, [he reminds me of someone else](https://78.media.tumblr.com/4f546c6ba979840cc89c6a30b0c5887b/tumblr_mxgz2tNV0S1qzvt32o1_500.gif).
[Dogs to the half-breed](https://media2.giphy.com/media/d46RNstZSnVMQ/giphy.gif)
&gt; What are the differences? I view it as South Dakota is The North and those heathen Wildlings are beyond The Wall(the northern SD border).
&gt; Reminds kids we may have had a down year If we're comparing it to our history of "most wins in a period", this has been more than a down **year**.
&gt; they were both arbitrary borderline pitches which in Wednesday's case with 2 strikes, you sometimes must guard against The one he argued against when he was thrown out was before two strikes, wasn't it? Edit: Nope, it wasn't. My bad.
&gt; The difference between D and R presidencies is that people die on American soil in R presidencies Wow, if we only elect Democrats everybody will achieve immortality by staying in the country.
&gt; Mr. Bone Saw Ohhhhhhh yeahhhhhhh, Spider dude!
Despite the popular sentiment around here that private prisons run the show and throw everyone in jail that they can, receiving short jail stays or no jail at all is common for smaller felonies and misdemeanors. People often get 6+ chances like this before they are in prison for a substantial time. I spent years going over criminal recidivism data.
&gt; but a lot of teams were skeptical that he could put it together at the NFL level. Every team is skeptical about that with every player. Because nobody can see busts coming.
Second degree murder is not a small felony.
&gt; Who did you confuse him with? My guess would be 1morepl8 since he's the only person who's open about his current trial with PEDs. Don't think I've really seen anyone else recently.
&gt; Squat Bar &gt; Deadlift Bar Wait, how do you do those things then?
Well, there goes that hypotenuse.
&gt; I’ll actively push him to root for another team Why don't you just root for another team then? This whole "I have to like to this team" excuse is silly.
He was playing on Easy, he barely needs to micromanage beyond "wow, Morrigan keeps dying right away...maybe I should keep her from dying so quickly." He understands how battles work and so he should recognize that taking a bunch of spells and sword hits to the face should be avoided. This isn't some advanced group mechanic, it's literally just logic.
Uh, he was a Pro Bowler in his rookie year. Clearly didn't take that long.
&gt; There's tons of that type of comment on 4chan though We're not on 4chan and you're not helping.
&gt; The fact that someone has to actually reply to you and read your post to keep the conversation means you feel more like you are engaging with the other person (even if it is half insults) Thanks for the discussion!
Not really, but I do get excited about our volleyball team doing work and some of the football recruits. Rather have my expectations exceeded than destroyed right now, haha.
I highly doubt it is a rule anymore after seeing linemen constantly push running backs these days. It used to be one though.
Hey now, I'm pretty sure the gays are perfectly safe in Holland these days.
I have some basic design advice, your comment makes your username appear pretentious.
None of those describe "pushing the pile" or the runner. You can't pull or carry him, but you can push and "advance" him...and likely ride him if that's the case. You can't throw yourself into teammates that don't have the ball.
Carmen Sandiego on MS-DOS.
&gt; And they don’t reveal who killed the kids, either. I thought it was one of those bombs that Gale mentions earlier in the book that she thought was immoral? Her own side used a bomb attached to the medical group to finish off a bunch of soldiers and Prim happened to be in the group. Edit: Other guy explains it a bit more in detail, it's a delayed bomb to get sympathy by making it seem like they have their own medics get attacked.
It bounces around in my head sometimes. I think he should give other sports a shot.
The movie might've played things differently but I thought it was pretty obvious in the book at least. That's pretty much the point where Katniss changed to "nah, fuck these guys too".
VIII is what happens if you let a high school kid write a video game plot. Everybody is a moody cliche and the story centers around time and space travel and amnesia.
PLAY THAT FUCKING TRACK
I like how worked up your wording is when he didn't actually do this. He was accused of it by a shady lawyer up for reelection who later dropped the accusation.
If you want some cheesy fishing fun, Breath of Fire 2 was what first popped into my head when I saw this, haha.
&gt; do people not care about the quality of their microwave meals No, because I don't buy microwave meals like some hillbilly. Make your own shit and use that to reheat it. Nobody should be this concerned about the quality of Banquet meals.
I mean, it hasn't even been one whole season. James could go right in the shitter next season and Vea could be a defensive anchor. Perhaps you don't need to draw conclusions this early.
From the looks of the free agent market, a safety is not very coveted whereas a run-stuffing DT is.
&gt; If customers go elsewhere for the product it's the companys fault for being outcompeted You're not going elsewhere though, you're still using that company's product, you're just not paying for it. It's like saying "I'm not going to pay you for laser tag" and then sneaking in after they close and playing laser tag while saying "you weren't using it, I'm not hurting anybody."
Mighty Dimorphing Power Primates!
They'll be okay. As my father always said: it's better to be pissed off than pissed on.
Get better friends or hide shit from people you don't like. It's the same as Reddit and subs. Don't like something? Stop following it. It isn't that fucking complicated.
&gt; Tom Cruise was still trying to make a name in drama after Interview with the Vampire, Born on the Fourth of July, and A Few Good Men Pretty sure his name was made after those.
&gt; Condoleezza Rice Sounds like a Mexican dish. Maybe we should put her on a plate and send her to Mexico so the Mexicans will eat her.
YA'LL WANNA SEE MY FACE???
Lavonte David is likely unknown to a lot of the general public despite being "arguably" a top 5 OLB for his entire tenure.
I just put it in quotes so I don't have to argue with someone today.
Haha, he's probably our most well-known high recruit.
If you're going to cast generic action smokeshow in your movie, you're better off with Beckinsale.
I'm sure of it. I totally trust someone to remain level-headed that keeps track of anyone talking shit about the players they like.
It's not hard if you actually look at individual players like you're supposed to when comparing individual players.
That doesn't sound right, maybe it got lost in translation or something. It always sounds like they're calling them "cunts".
*Tiber Talos Argonian Maid*
This sub loves Gordon, so they're going to defend him no matter how many times he lies to them.
Are you well aware of the rest of it? Because you didn't finish it and you don't mention it at all in your multiple paragraphs. You basically just wrote the equivalent of "FF6's story of hanging out in Narshe just gets boring".
A linebacker-esque DB? I wonder what we could call that...
The "omg this team sucks" memes are about as dank as the dancing baby at this point.
Why are you capitalizing elite like it's an acronym?
Sure, you can try and argue every minor point until you die. I just don't agree.
My comment pertains to the "why aren't people protesting in the streets" sentiment.
It's not going to cheapen shit. I still like the other Oceans movies and the original Ghostbusters even if I don't care about the last ones.
If this title was posted in /r/relationships, it would be a much different expectation.
Damnit Smothers, we need more help! https://media.giphy.com/media/3o6Mb3YwjUfIjog7rW/giphy.gif
But at that point all of the stupid bitching might have dramatically decreased. Thus removing my problem :).
I saw Four Brothers too.
/r/unexpectedc0lin91complaint
I'm sorry for disturbing your unending hate fest in this comment section.
FROM THE LOOKS OF THIS GUY, IT WAS NOT CONSENSUAL.
Sure, but are you comparing it to other games or are you comparing it to its previous self? Lots of games can look good if you compare them to garbage.
Self Jammed!
I like how everyone just probably laughs and upvotes the previous admission of racism comment but seemingly got butthurt from your joke comment.
Just cast a new Blade. It's time. If we can accept an Epps/Mays Hayes then we can get a new Blade.
Thanks for the comment Scott!
I believe it's a typo. They meant "Kefka-esque" in that the laws are secretly trying to gather power through Espers.
"Haha can't get to me if they don't know what the fuck a kilogram is!"
No no, we get it. We're all abominations and laughing stocks and whatever else you guys need to yell about to make yourself feel important.
Yes, but as I said in my comment you wouldn't really get to enjoy luxuries or nice things. You'd likely have to have a roommate(s), buy the cheap version of things, and wouldn't really be able to enjoy a lot of the nice shit we take for granted. But you could survive off of it, which makes it "livable".
So you don't even know what you're trying to say? Haha, you have a good one.
Weird, I just searched for like two seconds and found a plethora of options below 1200 in Milwaukee: https://www.apartments.com/milwaukee-wi/400-to-1000/
Taking away your compass doesn't mean you'll get lost. It just makes finding the right path more difficult.
Do you have any numbers or anything to back that up? Because, like I just said, I'm not taking your opinion over my experience.
We went in July and it rained every day we were there and only let up for a couple of hours twice. We went hiking up a trail and it felt like taking the mountain pass in Lord of the Rings with snow and everything still on the ground and blowing into us.
Who the hell is the dude right away with the guy in the leather jacket? I know X-pac/Syxx, Scott Hall, and the others.
I've seen that sub on the front page twice this week, why did it make a sudden comeback?
I wouldn't take a Reddit user's emotional response about where money in his country goes as "fact".
&gt; I knew Super Smash Bros to end just as many friendships as it creates Weird, we used to call it Eskimo Bros.
Yeah, I think Enunwa has been better but I also wanted to remind people about Paul :). It would've been awesome to see him stay healthy and what he could've done.
Batch please, he knows what he's talking about.
I was at Osborne's first national championship and I think I'll remember the Statue of Liberty game more than that. I hate it.
Sure, but stay on one side of the fence. It's illogical to say something is bad and then cheer it on as it happens. That or you're lying about it being bad so that you can manipulate people.
Defend what? What are you even arguing against? Reread my comments you weird keyboard warrior.
Yeah the positivity sure didn't last long, haha. Comment #2: let's bitch about the mods now. The other top comments are also complaints.
What about hot dogs or polish dogs?
Yes, I read the source you linked...which is how I was able to directly quote it. "No significant correlation" &lt;&gt; "No statistical significance" This study would not be able to make claims if their study had zero statistical significance...you realize that, right?
&gt; just because people have different viewpoints doesn’t mean you have to be enemies with people hahahaha Why did you end your comment like you were a stereotypical bad guy in a children's cartoon?
You'd think a noticeable amount of the people who prefer anonymous user websites like Reddit and 4chan are there because they get called out on their bullshit when people know who they are. So they come here...where getting called out in their comment history is avoidable.
The valonqar theory was fulfilled in the show....she died with his hands around her neck.(Edit: not right) GRRM loves taking weird twists on prophecies and Cersei thinking that means her little brother will kill her instead of her lover/other little brother being there for her in death would be right in line.
&gt; If you do the math, if a player has played everyday from pc launch for 2 hours per day they at nearly 4k hours If you do that math...that's still less than what that other user is reporting. So you would have to do *more than that amount every day at a minimum*. No breaks, no other things going on in your life...for 5 years.
Yeah that definitely sounds like the pygmies you see in video games and movies.
Yeah but I wasn't talking about real pygmies. I was talking about pygmy depictions such as [this](http://www.gamebanshee.com/images/sobipro/entries/1577/gallery_22_1577_img.jpg) and in Diablo and such.
Also known as the intro to Avengers: End Game.
The two heaviest weighted metrics in that source are climate disaster damages, which don't care about political affiliation. Can you tell me which progressive policies prevent hurricanes, tornadoes, and floods? Edit: It looks like the bottom 10 almost completely matches the list for most natural disasters as well. So I'd say that's a likelier correlation than "progressive policies".
In the occupational hazard category, do they account for how many people are working hazardous jobs per capita? A lot of those high accident states are rural and could have more loggers, miners, and such per capita.
Because every Marvel movie gets positive early reactions there. It's a Marvel fan sub...
You kiss your mother with that mouth?!?
&gt; And you go and do something so stupid and evil that it fucks up someone else’s life and your own. It’s not that hard to not rape someone people. Did he go and do something like that though? Because she dropped the charges and said she didn't want to deal with police or the investigation.
That's just regular [Americanized Chinese food](https://hips.hearstapps.com/del.h-cdn.co/assets/17/15/1492181807-delish-sticky-orange-chicken-1.jpg), haha.
Increased fire rate by 5%-10% maybe? The bullets from the magazine load into the gun faster could be the explanation.
It's not like the backpack isn't already OP without even having to have a specific gun.
Doesn't nearly every country do that especially at sporting events? Or did I wake up in some weird bizarro world where other countries no longer have national anthems that they sing?
&gt; Only international sporting events Wouldn't that be a lot of your prolific sports considering you guys are in European leagues for many of them? My guess is that the viewership is comparable or less than our college and pro sports over here. We also have Canadian teams in our big 3 pro sports as well. Seems like it would happen rather regularly on a public stage.
Is it recommended to spray that on ant mounds outside? Got a couple of big ones on the outside of the house that I need to get rid of. A couple of small ones don't bother me but they're starting to create a supercolony, haha.
Our pro leagues aren't domestic and have Canadian teams in them. I'm guessing the big leagues that you guys watch the most are almost exclusively international though aren't they?
We play the Canadian anthem in those "domestic" competitions as well though.
Nobody seemed to get very hostile here, so no reason to be flinging insults because somebody didn't know something. There is a metric fuck-ton that I don't know about other countries, haha.
Obviously. Nobody messes up Stinky Rough Nads' name by accident.
I hate so much about the things you choose to be.
Still would probably be more useful than the RoLexus.
&gt; it's literally them, ~~The Walt Disney Company.~~ The Toronto Blue Jays
I think "not looking at the ring until round 3" should be deterred, haha. A little aggressive on the change though, hope they dial back the first stage damage by about half.
About what?
&gt; I dont want to waste my entire time watching people play when they didnt even make an attempt to get me. You don't get a penalty for that. Since you're an adult, I'm sure you can wait one entire minute to see if they'll pick you up before you leave.
Must've been a later version than I bought with my physical copy a while back. They have a lot of DLC stuff and the version I got a while back has none of them, haha.
Barks at children/random people, bays at dogs and people he recognizes and is super happy to see.
&gt; when they didnt even make an attempt to get me &gt; Banner picked up, wait for revive. So, not what's happening.
Ha, stuff happens, no worries.
We may both be wrong, but you aren't right. Find me one mention of the circle being alluded to as gas by anyone from Apex.
They don't call it gas because it's electrical. [Wattson engineered it](https://www.ea.com/games/apex-legends/about/characters/wattson) and she's an electrical engineer. That's why it makes more sense to call it a storm than gas.
[Respawn to everybody complaining about the storm before the buff](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/DelightfulDelayedHairstreak-size_restricted.gif). (NSFW)
"I have been actively searching for references made by him and I found them. Now I am upset and must make sure everybody else sees." - Reddit
Beer me that kick
&gt; You say that because you arent a fish in the ocean Because fish don't say things.
My guess is that moderates don't really want to discuss politics anymore these days. Any "middle ground" position gets you downvoted and replied with "ENLIGHTENED CENTRISM".
I'd do it for a roof over my head and a free boat ride to America!
Everyone else took a plane apparently. I took a boat to get out of the poor weather after I felt the rains down in Africa.
Why did the net get suspended? Did it skip class or something?
Thank you for supporting my point.
My point is that some people don't like discussing politics on the internet because someone named TrumpBestHurrDurr comes crawling out of the sewer with nothing but personal attacks and arguments.
She can use her powers without the stones though. Thanos needed the power of the stones to destroy them when he destroyed them. And technically wouldn't everyone's power come from the stones since they created the universe?
You still have the community with a different name. If you feel like it must have that word in there, there's likely a reason.
Seems like it depends on the region. In cities, hipsters drink PBR and such because it's different than the regular crowd. In rural areas, they drink the craft stuff because normal people drink PBR regularly.
This article is based off of a girl, it's in the title.
You aren't sent to prison on a first offense for smoking a joint. The people you're mentioning weren't trafficking drugs for the 5th time or constantly failing their drug tests on probation. This comment section is the biggest load of hyperbole I've seen on Reddit in a while.
Well, he can't tacitly accept something if he states it out loud so I guess staying silent is the only route to go.
What Wikipedia page? Because [the primary one](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nebraska_Cornhuskers_football) does not list that anywhere.
Silence, weird Sabertoothy creature.
I don't believe Kenan Thompson was in Daredevil.
&gt; not so many have similar behaviour Because the ones that do Wednesday Addams behavior are in fucking prison.
They will get caught if they're doing it in public enough for you to identify them.
I'm saying that whatever it shows on your opponent's screen is what is counted as your location. So if he hits you with a bullet on his screen, he does the damage regardless of where you are on yours. At least that's how I understood it. Client-side for damage, so even if they are teleporting all over due to lag, if you hit them you hit them.
Could be a lot of server-side problems. I think I have more problems with hit boxes than hit registration these days. If I shoot someone accurately, they usually go down. My problem is that I get melted in .1 seconds because all of their damage finally reaches the server.
Or basically everywhere when royalty was more prominent.
Thanks, Melissa.
None of those things are P&amp;R references besides Burt Macklin, haha.
What is this, a Greybeagle?
Counter option: remove the ability of PC players to do so. Make it like reviving where you are more vulnerable for looting.
&gt; My moral code should not dictate another person's behavior (barring the obvious murder rape pedophilia ect) Your own moral code shouldn't affect others unless they break your moral code?
It wasn't President Shinra. They had a meeting with Shinra that they were going to be late for and they weren't from Midgar.
Unless what they're doing with their own bodies impacts other people.
Wait, where's Ulani and Ben's baby sister?
You sign a waiver before being allowed to enter and float down certain sections of the river allowing them to do so. The same way waivers work almost everywhere else, Reddit lawyers.
The Miracle that lead to Minnesota's utter humiliation a week later. It'd be like celebrating Jesus' resurrection if he ended up tripping over his own feet and fell off a cliff the next day and that was the end of the story. And it's sad that you bring up the Vikings win instead of something that you've done in your franchise.
I always enjoy watching my other NFCS bros. Reddit better not ruin that for me, my fantasy football teams will suck.
Crazy person says crazy things. Not a surprise.
Dunn is the glue that holds us all together in the division...except the Panthers it seems.
If the story were true or not embellished. Apparently every boss, HR rep, and company is the literal devil on the internet and everybody lost their job for no reason at all. Personal stories are almost always misleading and one-sided on the internet and that will never stop being the case.
I didn't say your response was invalid in any way.
It says UMSL which means University of Missouri - St Louis, unless there's a similar school abbreviation in Alberta? If not, $15 is well above the minimum wage.
I read it. I just wanted to know what you thought the reason was.
You use it and haven't thought about why they limit you to specific subs? It's pretty evident from the top comment from your link: &gt; No, the sub list is locked. It's a specific tool for a specific job.
Again, my point was that you made it through the other comments with apparently no problem. Regardless of your stance on this specific person, you don't seem to object to stuff that doesn't add to the conversation if you agree with the sentiment. If you see two comments that say "Democrats are bad" and "Republicans are bad" and only say that the first is trolling, you don't see that as a problem?
I don't believe the Vietnam War is considered domestic.
You should get RedditProTools, let's you pick the subs you tag instead of relying on MassTagger's nonsense. Most of the top comments in this post are just users who are active in Politics or T_D flinging their usual shit. It helps you scroll past a lot of it.
&gt; The Happy Planet Index measures what matters: sustainable wellbeing for all. It tells us how well nations are doing at achieving long, happy, sustainable lives. &gt; Wealthy Western countries, often seen as the standard of success, do not rank highly on the Happy Planet Index. Instead, several countries in Latin America and the Asia Pacific region lead the way by achieving high life expectancy and wellbeing with much smaller Ecological Footprints. The HPI doesn't measure just happiness. Read your fucking sources before making claims.
You don't need to dig through people's post history anymore, there are extensions and stuff that do that for you. I recently started using RedditProTools so that I can scroll past threads that just have power users from the politcal subs flinging shit at each other. If I see a thread with nothing but people with 10k+ points in politics, there's no good in trying to talk about anything.
Yeah, it's quite annoying that it's necessary but it might help people get a little less stressed out on here. You can customize it and put whatever subs you want on there and set the thresholds yourself, which already makes it better than masstagger. Takes a little time but it has several categories for tagging people like new and spam accounts and other shit.
When me get cancer, they see.
[Shorter version with better quality](https://media0.giphy.com/media/zVxeZHKKemqWs/giphy.gif).
Did our team work harder or are we making school easier for athletes? That's always the big question. I hope it's the former.
https://media.giphy.com/media/1M9fmo1WAFVK0/giphy.gif
People don't have their records expunged, they have cases expunged. So yes, this would be cases and not parties.
As long as a couple people got a chuckle, that's all you need.
Fuck, I could watch kids fall off bikes all day, I don’t give a shit about your kids.
Arrests are with the police department and not the judicial system. Judges cannot expunge records from a different branch of government.
Why would you judge them by just their posts and not their discussion of the posts? All they do is screenshot someone else's post, they don't even allow OP.
743k after a year? Nah, that's like child's play for most of the stuff you see here daily.
I appreciated the analogy, haha. Seems like most did not.
Yep, don't even need to have it under construction. Just give them a "fixer upper" house that never gets fixed so that it adds the stress of "how am I going to get this done" and "which project should be next".
Oh, so you're just an argumentative dick. Have a good one.
Ha, I think I can relate to your pain. I switch digital keyboards on my phone between French lessons and my normal English and I'll get done typing something in English and it'll have a bunch of accents all over and it's confusing as shit for a few seconds.
You think city life feels deserted and your answer is to move to where there are less things and people?
It can't be that hard for people to think "hmmm, would I want anybody to be able to put a giant fucking object in front of my house" before coming to a conclusion, can it?
Because Friends and Seinfeld don't make fun of nerd culture.
One day you'll be a Cyhawkman and your mind will change.
Yeah but if he gets hurt in a way that's not career ending he could play for a team that isn't the Bengals... Unfortunately for everyone else, it sounds like he might want to play for them.
Okay, Kraft.
GB is down 20 and NFC North teams are falling over themselves to make conspiracy comments. Just your usual GB playoff game thread.
Minnesota cares more about Green Bay losing than Minnesota losing.
This is the website of "eat the rich", don't listen to Reddit's opinions on how to treat people of different social and economic classes.
&gt; A checking account isn't credit. But the ability to open one is based on credit, yes? Credit isn't poor enough to restrict you from opening a checking account until something has happened that changes it. Zero credit history does not prevent you from opening a checking account. It's not discrimination.
Someone's a little testy about championships.
&gt; he’d consistently be labeled as the 3rd best QB under Brady and Montana ...maybe it's your flair talking or I've just seen different opinions, but wouldn't Manning *generally* be after Brady?
&gt; Our offense was very very, boomer. What does that mean? Is there new slang going around that I missed? How old were the guys on your offense?
Shit, somehow I keep forgetting about that. Olsen and Kuechly not on the Panthers anymore is going to be just weird. Already basically a season without Cam too. This ain't your...older brother's Panthers anymore.
Are we not allowing people who disagree with us to have a voice? Sounds pretty facist.
How many previous administrations have set up commitees to make decisions? How is that facist at all?
