We were missing our starting left tackle, our center is out for the season with an auto. Immune system disease, and we're missing our second best lineman(Irving) they had 7 sacks but if not for a bad throw and penalties and still controlled the game. The bad takeaway from this game is the Cowboys offense played like shit when it came to scoring but moved the ball with little resistance for the most part. A few overthrow don't happen and it could damn well have been 23+ points by Dallas
Because racism is alive and well, everywhere. Where are you from where youre acting like it's sunshine and rainbows?
Divisional games are always tough..go through history and some great NFC-E teams lost to lesser NFC-e teams.
How in the hell do you have Amari Cooper in your top five?
The saints defense doesn't really strike me as a literal run stopping defense, they usually control the top and usually don't give teams many opportunities to run. If we had Tyron Smith healthy there's no doubt that Zeke goes for over 100 yards.
Where were all of these people calling for penalties at last year? You know..when we went 7-8 games without a team getting a holding call on a passing down? Even though on film they obviously got held and were top 5 in pressure? I remember cowboys fan would bring it up and people would shrug it off and tell us to stpo complaining.
I point out obvious missed calls and then you just ignore it. Why you didn't talk about the missed facemask on Dak? Pass interference on Cooper and Gallup? Blatant push down on a td Pass? [The NFL coming out and saying that Randy Gregory wasn't lined up in the neutral zone, and the fact they threw the flag after Drew fumbled](https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2018/11/30/randy-gregory-wasnt-lined-up-in-the-neutral-zone/) So when the Saints get away with shit, it's okay? Dumbass
Tucker,Rosas, Lutz, and
I think he had decent enough power. Hurd was feeling the affect of those shots
Charlo dressed like that main doll from dead silence lmao
That knock down in the 12th round was like Holmes vs Shavers, I thought he was out cold, jesus christ.
I honestly thought the ref wa.s.and I honestly thought Wilder thought the ref was going to call it too.
I honestly think Wilder thought he knocked him out cold, as we all did, and let off the gas. That man clearly went to sleep and woke back up, still think he edged it. I'll have to rewatch and see though. Fury has a damned good chin and recuperative powers.
Yeah the terrible Randy gregory offsides that the league admitted shouldn't have been called , missed facemask on Dak and the hold on Gallup were all terrible tbh.
Dude is solid in the run but he takes so many bad angles.
wtf, turned the game over after Gabriel fumbled by their own endzone, turn it back and it just tied up. Woah
Seriously. I'm surprised that Aaron Rodgers didn't catch so much flak for that. Very talented but you'd never hear Brady say some shit like that.
I hope the Broncos make the playoffs so bad.
As a cowboys fan I don't get how some of you guys thought he was a bad coach? You guys should be able to go 12-4 at the worst.
No way in Hell should Jackson start over Flacco if he's healthy, are some of you serious?
*6'5 lady that played college football reveals she's a man to the shock of the crowd*
I honestly think you guys win if Cam runs more in that game. Against that type of pressure cam should have dropped back more and just took off straight up the field.
I have to say this. Fury is 6'9 and moves like light on his feet, not even for a guy his size he's very light period. Hardly anyone is going to outbox a guy that's 3 inches from seven foot that can move the way he can. Nobody is going to be able to "box" with fury. Their chance is to knock him out.
Your defense typically don't have much talent
Anthony Joshua isn't that good, at all. He is one of the least talented popular boxers i've ever seen. I find it funny when people break down why Joshua can beat Wilder or Fury, they never get into specifics, nuances or give a thorough breakdown on why he can win.
Whenever it comes to Anthony Joshua on how he can beat Wilder or Fury nobody ever post a conclusive breakdown. Ever. Anthony Joshua is too flat footed and little to no movement to deal with Wilders power and he also has Stamina issue whereas Wilder has amazing stamina. Take into consideration that I honestly think Joshua as a man is scared of Wilder plays into a lot of it as well. Joshua isn't quick enough as Wilder or great on his feet to get into position to consistently tag Fury. Or even Ortiz. People try to make it a US vs UK thing. It's not even that, we just don't like Joshua. he could be from the moon and i'd still think he was a hoe ass dude.
Says so in the article. " Diaz recalls that co-workers taunted and call him racist slurs. “You hear, ‘Hey, boy, come here,’ ‘N-i-g-g-e-r,’ you know, all this,” said Diaz. Then he discovered a racist drawing on a bale of cardboard boxes"
The Ravens also have to play the Chiefs in Arrowhead..it's possible we could be 1st by the end of next week.
Who are your current favorite boxers?
Lol man stop making excuses it's exclusively a Smash thing... all across different fighting games. Just google "smash brothers tournament smell" Them niggas be at events smelling like Meg Griffins hat
Same. I honestly think he stays retired because of that.
Dlaw is definitely an elite pass rusher. He's been pretty damned good and gets a ton of pressure with a torn labrum. He pops out on game and film just about every game and get's double and triple team and has a huge impact, every game. He also never quits on plays..he will be paid and deservedly so. Gregory is one mistake away from being banned for life I believe.
I think the NFL tries really hard to push the "elite defense" narrative year in and year out..and truly there was no real elite defense last year. Very good ones, yes, elite no. I can't see the 2013 Seahawks,2015 Broncos giving up 40 to the Jimmy G or those Steelers neither could I see them giving up 38 to a back up eagles QB.
Why don't you wanna see us again?
A lot of white people that do shit like this do it on purpose..and then if you confront them about will act like it's a mistake.
This excuse...if you look hard enough you will find one. Trust me. Comment section filled with niggas that took someone calling them acting white too close to heart.
The ones that always talk about their relationships and what they do are the main ones that be fucked up in the game.
At least you won't get spit on and have drinks thrown on you at the stadium. Enjoy your stay
I doubt it. In 2015 the Patriots ran the exact same play against the Eagles. When I seen it the first thought that came to mind was that it was a nod to the 2015 game.
The sunshine through the stadium in the second half will blow the game open.
...the QB play by both teams hasen't been the prettiest thing..at all.
Our offensive line is way worse....Wentz would be spaghetti after about 3 games.
Their defense is much better tbh.(Saints)
Without Earl Thomas I don't see it happening.
Thank You! There's still people that think our offensive line is great. The Eagles offensive line was basically at full strength
Yeah..pretty sure we had over 115 yards in penalties. Last game we played the eagles they didn't have a penalty called against them.
Facts. My natural complexion is light medium brown(about Quavo color) but when I was a kid I would go out all summer and stayed outside and the sun blessed me with a darker tone so i've experienced both(got psoriasis stopped going out for a bit and now i'm back to my natural skin tone) . Never felt insecure about having dark skin at all. Idk, I can probably count on 1 hand the number of dark skin jokes I got..Even in highschool when some guy would say someone was acting white other black people would check them and say "because he wants to learn" and they'd clown on the person who made the comment.
Our team doesn't care that an offensive is celebrating a touchdown. They're mad because it came on a two yard play that was basically gifted to them via interception. It's not like they worked for it.
He tried to kill Anthony Brown on a blindside block, dude never learns.
No offense but that's fucked up they didn't target him the second half...they must didn't want him to hit an incentive. I'd honestly call the coaches out for some bullshit like that. 5 yards shy of the record which is literally just 1 pass at the least.
man..that would be a media shit storm in todays world..and rightfully so. Although i'm sure the fan meant no harm.
lmao get him the fuck outta here
The Broncos are without Chris Harris JR, and Emmanuel Sanders, not to mention they traded Thomas earlier in the year. Very doable.
I didn't realize how many people hated scrappy doo until i got on the internet lol
I think Cooper will be more of a game change for us, although Dez was a monster in the redzone. Dez, even in his prime, could be shut down by even slightly above average corners(Deangelo Hall), You can't tell me that Deangelo Hall at that stage of his career would have been able to contain Cooper.
I think they should move Collins to right Guard, and put Flemming at right tackle. Put Connor or Suh Fil'o at LG. so Smith-Xavier-Looney-Collins-Flemming
I have to disagree..they get more turnovers but they're definitely not better. Our defense plays with more consistency and outside of Mack on the front I believe we're more talented up front. Do you honestly see the Cowboys giving up 38, and 31 points up to the Patriots and Dolphins respectfully? Our defense has literally only had 1 bad game and that was the Titans game.
He would have done it against your starting CB's no offense. Why are eagles fans acting like their secondary was the legion of boom? The starting guys you had gave up 500 passing yards in the superbowl. They were above average, not some great thing. In our first game we were passing on you guys even with Darby in.
PFF for the most part is good, but I have no idea how he was one of the highest rated safeties.
Yeah that's ridiculous, i'm a black guy(you can check my post history as such) but leveling a racist claim against someone without proof is an extremely shitty thing to do. It can literally ruin someones career/livelihood. Wouldn't be surprised if they just said something like he sucked. If they did say a racial slur I'll admit I was wrong.
Has he been THAT bad? I knew he was banged up..but his vision isn't good?
I fully agree, this isn't university of Alabama playing USC in the 1970s at a home game or some shit.
Self is playing behind a worse offensive line than you guys now. Every film guy for the cowboys mention it, yet other fans ignore it. He's getting great production out of a hugely underperforming ok. So much so they fired their offensive line coach. Not to mention Hurns and Thompson were our deep threats at wide out. Finally enough when our offensive line was great in 2016 people couldn't shut up about it, now that our line isn't that good people just act like Zeke doesn't exist.
This is a myth. Our offensive line has been playing worse than the Giants as of late. It's really sad. On just about every Zeke big run he takes a cut and evades an oncoming defender. I wish people would stop pretending our offensive line is good just because they want to discredit Zeke.
They're above average for sure...Kirk Cousins has games like this where he's just bad.
Exactly, people are being overly critical.
lmao no way that dude wasn't trolling.
My family has been Dallas Cowboys fans since the 60's. D.C is a pretty black city, the Redskins were one of the last teams to integrate players, and Dallas was one of the first. That's a lot of the reason a great deal of people from D.C are cowboys fans.
As great as von is, he got away with a few offside penalties in that 2015 playoff run. Especially a few against the Patriots.
Fat man rumbling and stumbling is a national teasure.
A 6 game drop off is huge...16-0 from 11-5 with one of the easiest schedules in NFL history is not impressive. If a team went 13-3 1 year and went 8-8 the next..
the 2009 Patriots is probably the worst team Brady has ever played on...not to mention he was coming back from an ACL tear.
Russell Wilson is a great qb..so he can have a few headscratchers. [Not nearly as bad as the Matt Cassel Throw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGNWqgzgl3o)
Demarcus Lawrence looks like he walked straight out of a Death Row Records meeting
Lmao, you knew exactly what I was looking for.
How many All Pro's did they have?
No..HBO lost boxing because they chose one of the dumbest directions i'd ever seen. It's like they seen the PBC picking up all of the american and hispanic fighters..and figured they'd be able to compete with them promoting eastern europeans. It was a very obvious and noticeable shit that happened after the PBC thing started forming. HBO tried to capture the white american audience(nothing wrong with that)..except white people in the USA typically don't watch boxing.
4.56 for a guy that's 6'3 isn't slow, at all. Just means he isn't quick. 9/10 a guy that lengthy is going to build speed over a longer distance, and you could see it when he would defend deep routes.
doesn't surprise me at all tbh.
They should stop trying to run over our linebackers.
Pretty sure he has an engineering degree. I heavily doubt he's an anti science nutjob.
Jaguar should jump on him in the offseason.
That's honestly the main reason it's bad to fight bums (if you're only fighting twice a year) if you fight people you're supposed to, even if you lose, it's no big deal against top notch competition.
By 6 months she should be more than a crush..hell it shouldn't even take more than 1 month for someone to be a crush if you see them often.
He literally hunted wolves. (There's an overpopulation problem with them where he's from i believe)
Leonard should win, But I just want to win the game and I think we should. Leonard is probably the 1st or 2nd most important player on his defense. LVE isn't even the best linebacker on his team(still great,but a lot of what Smith does helps LVE) and is probably the fifth best player on a stacked defense.
If LVE has a bad game we can still win, if Leonard has a bad game the Colts are in for a long night.
See..I had no idea of this... you can't get out on parole if you go to one of those institutions?
Have nothing against the Rams or the Chargers, at all..but I hope they lose. Can't stand the city of LA
Damn...makes a lot of sense though.
Why do you say Walk into the 1 seed as if New England doesn't play games and win them? I don't get why people hate a team for winning. Are they suppose to lay down and die to make fans of other teams happy?
People generally didn't like either of them mainly because of Simms. So Nantz was pretty much just associated with Simms terrible commentary and when they thought of Nantz they thought of Simms.
Haha I just thought about it. The best confidence is unintended confidence.
Not a place you want to be.
Against a shitty defense...why do people act like Rodgers has went up against some elite defenses when he played us? Lmao it's very weird
Man the dick pulling the commentators do for JJ Watt makes me root against the Texans.
yep
Cowboys last year wouldn't have a winning record if the eagles had played their starters for even one half, let alone a quarter.
Korobov is a much better fight, everybody knows Willie Monroe Jr was a mismatch.
lmao
the dude isn't black and says the n word..he should have been the fuck out of here.
Nah. The older black folks don't play that. Look up the older mexican rappers and how they talk, you hardly see any of the older mexican rappers saying the n word. I remember I had a mexican homegirl in highschool, and I gave her my number. She called the house, but I wasn't there. My older brother told me when I got back "some mexican chick called you...you fucking with them "ese's?" Has nothing against them but most of them don't play that "you get a pass" Unless you were Rican and even then it was iffy. I'm From Texas so it's not the same as NY.
I love Wilder and Fury, but a bigger fan of Wilder. I was rooting for Wilder and wanted him to win but I had Fury edging it. I'm not even religious but his performance and for him to get off the canvas was amazing. Him getting knocked down by depression and addiction was analogous to him getting off the canvas. It was some real God body shit, he should have won(Yes even with the knockdown).
Kanye West never spoke out when he was around a bunch of niggas he knew would check him. Kanye is a creative musical genius, but he's a bit of a cur.
Check my post history, it's not fake, i've mentioned this stuff before. You don't have to believe it breh, it is what it is. Most of the people on this sub aren't black so they don't really understand.
Americas team has nothing to do with how well the Cowboys liked..it's really fucking stupid when people get mad over that nickname.
Pacquiao isn't big enough or hits hard enough to seriously out Floyd in any danger. Camel took a punch flush from Canelo and smiled it off. Maidens fought extremely dirty and in fact of you discount a lot of his rabbit punching it doesn't look as bad.
Read the comments..most people still think we have a very good offensive line. I literally watch Zeke juke an oncoming free defender about 1/3 of every run play.
No offense but you seem to have bad judgment, and not cause you wanted a one night stand. There's nothing wrong with that. You never invite a person you just met back to your actual house, take them to a hotel or something and inform the person at the desk what's going on at the least. This isn't cringe imho as much as it is a warning. I didn't cringe reading this, I worried for your safety.
If you fuck around so much you don't have a place to take a stranger that isn't your home. You have a discipline problem, cause that's just pathetic. Even if the majority of people aren't psychos doesn't mean they should go to your house the first time you meet them.
That game is sentimental to me man..lol lay off
Absolutely. I'm not talking about guys or ladies that go to the club literally everyday. I know and have known people that might go every weekend that do it though.
I honestly thought that was common until people on here are showing objection. Most people I know that are out at clubs usually take chicks back to hotels, and not back to their house.
Our team look mentally checked out, I'm not saying you guys aren't the better team, but we pretty much (unless a plane crash occurs) are going to more than likely win the division. Our team just look so disinterested from the start. It reminded me of when we played the saints. Even before the game started, the saints players just looked like they wanted to go home.
The Rams on defense are basically Donald and Talib...jesus Suh has regressed hard. If that was the Suh from 2014 they would be undefeated.
The dude should be a fucking second team all pro, nevermind the fucking pro bowl. Hope he doesn't let it discourage him.
Doesn't make sense..if the two teams play and one teams win the winner would be the better team meaning they shouldn't get the first pick.
Yeah..I don't like Winston at all, on top of that he seemed lame even before I knew he was a weirdo. I just don't see how someone can just be that idiot,negligent or just bizarre where they would knowingly just grope a stranger.(Or anyone for that matter)
I've been a football fan all of my life, and i'm beyond a casual fan. I don't think I've ever watched a superbowl performance, live. Ever. I may see it once they show it over again or catch the end of it, but I never just watch it.
He is a solid player, and would be better than quite a few QB's in the league at this moment.
No sarcasm needed. He did choke. His team got what, five interceptoins and he only put up like 17 points.
Most of the dudes don't really care as long as they are compensated fairly. To most of the guys it's honestly not a big deal as long as they get paid. Seriously. Often times some dudes prefer it causes it means they can half ass it. In a lot of places people get promotions and work harder. A lot of people will get promoted to a high level and just be content staying there.
Dudes at his best is an above average corner that could get you turnovers. He's never been a guy that just been flat out good like Pate Pete, Sherman, Revis,Gilmore, White, Lattimore..etc
If the Redskins make the playoffs, Gruden deserves coach of the year by a mile.
Norman has been in the NFC-E since 2016..never struck me as a dirty player..at all.
Dumbest comment here. If you want to play that logic, the Bears defense got ran up and down the field on by the Giants.
great player and person. I can't stand the Eagles fans but generally as a ball club they draft very likable guys that are hard to root against. Congrats!
Yeahh you're right haha
I hate that our defense usually just lets team move the ball down the field in garbage time. IYou can visibly see that them just hpoing to get the hell out of there, I don't blame them..but it really skews stats. Like the Giants scoring a last second td
Foles is hardly a back up quarterback. Foles going down in 2014 is partially the reason you guys missed the playoffs and we won the division. I think you possibly beat the Seahawks with Foles and possibly even pick up another game. The dude is not a back up. He is good at reading defenses, has good pocket presence and can make just about every throw. Stop acting like he's not a solid QB. I'd honestly get rid of Prescott for Foles.
The Browns defenses can force turnovers and get pressure on the QB and score..I wouldn't be shocked at all if the Browns won.
As a Steelers fan I honestly think it's a good chance the Browns win that game. The browns are a solid team who were basically handed two extra losses cause of an incompetant head coach. I think the game will end something like 20-24 for either team.
He played well and put up 31 points and his defense did jack shit. Everytime his team has lost he's played very well. He should definitely get it over Brees. He has 49 TDS
With our starting QB playing Rodgers is a whopping.... 2-1 against Romo/Dak. And in those games the Packers have a minus point differential...but yeah they're "cowboy killers".
Don't wish these scenarios on any fanbase. Some of the least talented football teams would be drug to 8-8 by Romo just to be embarrassed in the final game by a much better team(2012 Romo choked for sure)
[By PFF's count The Packers still have a top 10 offensive line](https://www.profootballfocus.com/news/pro-2018-nfl-offensive-line-rankings-all-32-teams-units-after-week-15) So it's not just all him.
I agree, and the rule is really fucking stupid. I don't remember many people just getting hurt or blasted on onside kicks. They're becoming way overbearing with player safety. The funny(not really) part about this. Had the NFL in the beginning been open about the potentials of CTE and what not we wouldn't have this problem. Their own lie is costing their product.
Wow this is huge because Swearinger is a damned good safety.
Tank didn't want to have to knock him down and was just trying to shield him, but he made a move so Tank made sure he tasted the ground.
So Taysom is technically like the emergency QB i'm assuming?
Well you should. This QB draft is awful and Teddy is easily better than Bortles and I can see teams actually winning with him. If Dak wants too much I would hope we go for Teddy
Yeah It's very weird. I hate you guys but I oddly want to see you make the playoffs. I think the Vikings possibly win though, their defense has been very good the past few weeks and I think the tit kisser will miss a beat.
Woods has been playing way too good. I'm starting to think we don't go after him unless he comes cheap.
This loss didn't cost them a playoff spot..the loss to the Raiders did.
Andy Reid except for 1 year has always started off fast and then fizzles out.
lol oh look, Cowboys get screwed by a call and the thread only has 35 comments.
This man wearing a zoot suit in 2018..
Lol I read the allegedly in STAR's voice.
Steve Young, any other answer is obvious trolling that should be downvoted.
Shannon has a few missteps but he is able to articulate himself well, that couples with his southern accent makes him an easy target. Reminds me of Roy Jones Jr commentating.
He beat up on a cup cake team
I think Davis destroys him and I can't stand the guy.
Cowboys fan here and I hate the eagles obvoously, but whenever JJ Watt goes up against good tackles he usually gets shut down. The patriots call Marcus Cannon What's daddy for this reason.
Like I'm going to take this man serious. His name sounds like a Wakanxan dessert.
PREACH! I remember when Knxwledge bandcamp name was Gloof, his old shit is wayyyy better. Also to your point at the end, this is why I avoid following rappers i'm into or like on any social media. Because 9/10 it won't make me like them more, but only less.
Lol Yeah I've been a fan of knxwledge for a LONG time. Also, I know Tuamie is super dope, love his stuff. His beats with Koncept Jackson and Fly anakin is dope, so is that whole project. Never really heard of Ohbliv, link me to some of his stuff if you don't mind.
Man..old BET was so good...who remember ["Hits on the streets"?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S02EhWQn6ws)
Female friendships at a younger age tend to be very fickle. Probably my most controversial comment I've made on reddit( yes i'm serious)
Pete Carroll has a line where he's a fun guy but he demands respect. Jason Garrett might not be the best coach but he's the same way and that's why all of his players play hard for him. When we were 3-5 they easily could have laid down but they didn't. In todays age you won't see too many more coaches just yelling and shitting on players like you did in the 80's or 90's
Bledsoe in his prime was a good quarterback. Pretty sure he had signed one of the biggest QB contracts before he got injured.
This is why I can't do chicks(not all)that are always on social media. It's basically a breeding ground for folks seeking attention and validation from people who don't give a fuck about them.
Tag should be changed to "OP is white" Black people typically don't eat pumpkin pie at all, most black people I know that has tasted both always say Sweet Potatoe pie is better"
champagnepepino Damn he ugly &lt; Lmaoooo
A romo highlight montage with [this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZTwwd2T6q4) playing in the background would be awesome.
Our defense after the first half was mailing it in man lol.
Tinder is a dating app where to match with people you swipe right, or left.
If the knee hits first, or elbow or butt hit first, it doesn't matter. They're viewed as two feet.
Jeff Heath ran a 4.48 and he's pretty damned fast.
I mean that season is prettt much an asterisk. You only won because Brady was hurt.
One knee = two feet is a good rule. This catch had a bit of luck and if this was repeated 100 times he probably only catches it twice. Even Beasley didn't think it was in bounds. It would take the perfect throw, and your receiver being 5'8 and under so his arms would more than likely touch out before his knees. Coincidentally years ago we sort of almost got a similar play, Dez appeared to catch a ball and got his butt down but his hand touched out.
I actually agree
They'll force them to fight if he stays on DaZN.
Fair enough. The guy is 6'3, and although on paper it should be a competitive fight...the casuals will see a 5'8 guy against a 6'3 guy and for the most part think it's a bullshit fight
the guy is a big guy, he was tired breh.
He was dropped 4 times...are you serious?
CELEBRATE AWAY MY MEXICAN BRETHREN!
haha i'm not mexican either! I just know it means a lot to them
Haymon screwed up ny letting Martin go over there and lose his belts. I think hevwill pay Ruiz handsomely to side step the rematch aj have him fight Wilder for all of the belts. Because if AJ gets his belts back he's hiding overe there with the belts for two more years.
LMao humbled for what?
People are so fucking thirsty for attention breh.
Yeah Joshua is seen as a joke here now. I have girls hitting me up(cause they know I like boxing) asking me did i see that british dude get beat up by that fat mexican guy lol..
Great video. Although I hate this bullshit notion they try to push on us black people that we should be kind hearted to racist people. Fuck people like that with a horses cock and I wouldn't be bothered if they fell asleep in a tub. Sick of this bullshit that we should turn the other cheek.
No way was this dude not racist. In todays NFL he would get beat up
Why do you guys ignore that your receiver literally held our linebackers facemask and thats why he couldn't move his head? This is coming from someone who thinks the Dez Bryant thing wasn't a catch.
ummmm Zeke!?!?!
Should have vanished with his recording equipment this dude trash on the mic.
He gay
Eagles fans are obnoxious man lol. Funny thing enough is Fletcher Cox hardly gets any sacks against us(sort of seems like going up against HOF talent in Martin/Fredrick , or Lane in Lawrence's case, will not typically yield amazing results). Lane gets the better of him in the pass game but gets destroyed in the run game.
Im black and my hair naturally dreads
I've never liked TLC ,
Your fans are literally abusive, go read comments on opposing teams message boards of fans having shit thrown at them, cursed at, and some people refusing to wear their teams jerseys.
Wait, I responded to the wrong comment, give me a second. If you watch Lane Johnson vs Lawrence, what ends up happening is, Lawrence will push Lane back a bit, before eventually getting stonewalled. In the pass game that's good, in the run game that's ehh. Lawrence is a pretty good pass rusher and an elite run stopper. Edit: at 10:47 They try to chip Lawrence, doesn't work, Demarcus Controls him and gets the tackle. 38:30 as well. It's more plays than the ones listed, and it's not some flash in the pan stuff either, he wins pretty consistently in the run game. at 13:30 you can see what I mean in that Lawrence generates a lot of push but ultimately gets stone walled. You can basically notice it every time the Eagles run the ball just about. I am by no means saying Lane Johnson isn't good, just that of course lawrence isn't going to have the best stats against the Best Tackle in football.
Of course he's not going to destroy Lane Johnson who is arguably the best Tackle in football, but even still he plays the run great. That'd be like giving Fletcher Cox shit because his stats aren't that great when he plays against Zack Martin or Travis Frederick.
I didn't want to say it but he sounds racist. He's basically saying Black qb's are stupid and can't process information.
If you are over 20 and dealing with people that don't tell you they want you, ya need to get around more mature people.
I'm black, and trust me i've pointed out way more obvious shit that was racist and have been called race baiter. Sometimes I don't feel like getting into reddit spats over some ignorant shit.
Lmaooo
Just because someone is liberal doesn't mean they like black people
Hopefully he goes to prison for this. Tired of these lil crackhead suburban non black rappers being parasites in this genre.
I honestly thought you guys would beat the Panthers in the championship game in 2015...boy was I wrong.
If I was a celebrity i'd be using a stunt double to hug women.
This guy talks shit and then goes into the biggest fight of his life and does nothing. I can understand the first fight , as I thought he won clearly imho, but the second fight. You thought you won and you still letting rounds go up for debate, didn't try to put a stamp on rounds. The man fought Timid. Just like Floyd and Pacquiao fought timid against each other.
You fans are so fucking pathetic. You just pick fighters that go against fighters you don't like. Wilder is much faster than Aj, has better stamina and hits harder and has longer reach.
Joshua has always been a mental midget..Wilder...not so much.
I wouldn't be surprised if he pulled some shit like this. Make the first 4 rounds debatable, than in the fifth go for a clinch, fall and act like his knee gave out or something.
I think he overtrained.
True.
I like Dak's mental toughness. It's one of it not my favorite intangible for an athlete to have.
lmao i know Virgil Hunter said that but can someone link me to the interview
Yeah cause he would have easily beat hin in the rematch. He had a torn rotator cuff in that fight and still won to a lot of people including me. Nobody ever brings up he had a torn rotator cuff but are quick to bring up Pacs shoulder. Double standards are ridiculous
Cowboys of the 90s were sort of admired if anything, and for the most part pretty well liked. There was no social media back then so a lot of the crazy stories didn't come out til later. While I know people today who seriously hate the Patriots and there's a lot of disdain for the Patriots, a lot of respect, but the Patriots are definitely more hated. Plus their success has been going on for longer.
Bruh, Asians don't face nearly the same scrutiny that black people have, not even close. Honestly they're seen as "the good ones" when it comes to views of minorities from white people.
Wayne Barlowe's depiction of hell in "Gods Demon" is amazing. I know it's a stretch but if there's one movie i'd like to see made it'd be that. His artwork is fucking phenominal and gives personality to multiple demons of hell. Great read and not too long of a book either, only about 400-500 pages.
If I was his baby mother i'd be watching my back tbh. Niggas will kill for shit like that sadly.
He's not a different fighter really, just none of his other opponents have the eing iq to confuse Canelo like he did. He still fights the same for the most part
No offense if that happened to me, you and your buddy would have had to fight me.
Zeke will lead the league in rushing again...Which would make it 4 years in a row if not for a bullshit suspension.
the Cowboys before the bye were a different team completely after the bye. We more than likely win all of our games pre-bye except the Titans if we have Amari.
Lmao yeah its ridiculous
Man I hope this is a troll.
lmao come on fam really
Dirrell is going to get hit with a solid punch, go down and act like he can't get up. He will then proceed to act like the fight was stopped early
Facts!
yeah sure he beats Wilder..
Why don't they include reach on their tale of the tape.
Lobov got them baby trex arms, the one from tekken lmao
Paulies right hand has to be hurt
"Beat Lobov to win the belt for BF, the right was hurt, beat'em with the left! Y'all must've forot! - Paulie
LMAOOOO i told yall he would probably lose Paulie bout to be salty af
Mcgregor would kill Paulie.
Glad they did this , you don't want fans and fighters thinking boxing and jabbing and avoiding engagements is a thing you want to promote. Boxing is established and can get away with this every now and again. For a start up, that's just bad for business.
Man people really are stupid, do people not see that Eddie Hearn is playing Whyte for an idiot. He acts like he can't get Whyte a mandatory spot or a good fight, but Usyk who is also signed to him, can? Whyte is an idiot.
He's still that fast if you honestly see him sprint, it just takes him a few games to get into shape sadly , but like 3-4 games in you can see it. He just sort of glides so he looks slower than he actually is.
They fell down due to his route running, and his change of direction. Not even sounding like a homer. Darby sadly tore his ACL trying to deal with Coopers great speed when it comes to change of direction.
Yeah, sometimes a play is out of your control and there's nothing you can do. Reminds me of a time the patriots played the Steelers and one of you guys got stood up and polamalu came in and stripped the ball and Bill wasn't even mad
That punch didnt hurt Floyd, just caught him out of position. Theres another punch Pac catches Floyd with and his legs buckle a little, it might actually be in the 11th round
This trend of people acting like they're anti social is really getting annoying.
His head is shaped like an aleve tablet
lol yeah cause he has a dick on his hip
Canelos stamina issues are going to hurt him
Don't even argue with them bro. A lot of people that talk like that that sound odd and non human are bots, or people literally paid to make comments like that.
Surprised to see no mentiond of Darrell Green
Thug is a niche rapper and isn't really a superstar..his singles do well but his albums dont sell because in real life he's viewed as a meme
That actually wouldn't be seven times more correct, cause they would have zero? So it'd be an infinite amount more, correct? Math guys help
I thought this said missiles.
Andrade at this point would beat GGG. The dude is almost fucking 40, jesus christ some of you are dense.
I doubt it, if they fight Andrade would beat GGG pretty easily. GGG is getting older, and even slower. GGG from 3-4 years ago would give him trouble, but todays GGG? Nah? Father time is undefeated.
No disrespect but niggas from the midwest lie, a lot.
People need to know this shit is so fucking corny....I hate when i'm listening to a cool song from a drill artist and it has a random dead opp diss.
What is respawn going to do about the blatant qutting that they obviously ignore? 8 out of 10 games when 1 teammate goes down they quit with no penalty by pressing start and select. Its making team play difficuly..
I feel the same way..have played the game since two weeks after it came out. Every legendary skin I got is typically the ugliest pbjectively be it guns or character skins.
He's my first choice. I would love him as a headcoach. I do not want a young coach being budsy buddy with our players. Our players are babyd too much and are extremely soft. On top of being a good coach I like the mindset he brings. It's crazy how people want a lame ass college coach but are sour on zimmer. Qhat? You don't want someone that will actually stand up to Jerry which Zim will?
So now the narrative has changed that Dak is a choke artist... man NFL fans are some of the dumbest fans of any major sport.
And Wentz didn't look top 5 in the other Cowboys game. Bad Games happen.
Americas team is a nick name that was given to Cowboys during the 70s , not one that the fan base just come up with. It's like being mad at the Raiders for being called "Da Raidass"
Americas team is a nick name practically given by the NFL commentators because we were one of the few teams that would play on Thanksgiving, and we were easily recognizable. It's not a name given by the fan base.
Stafford is good but he's extremely overrated. He's had some terrible games in crunch time for the Lions.
It is just a nick name that people get pissy about. Cowboys games are on during the holidays because they're one of the few teams(Along with the Lions) that agreed to play during Thanksgiving. So because of that, having a war veteran for a QB, and agreeing to play during Thanksgiving when most teams wouldn't, thats how they got the name and they helped build the brand. If you hate the Cowboys so much boycott the NFL and tell them you don't want the Cowboys on TV.
Who wouldn't miss a coach that's soft like that? They need to get someone that can rile them up or someone they fear/respect. Dallas sports media(in all of sports) is such a cakewalk.
Kept us pretty disciplined(for the most part) was actually a very good special teams unit up until late 2017. Typically had good offenses. If you really break down those schedules you'll notice that the Cowboys had an easy schedule and the usually more talented divisional opponent had a tough schedule that were able to keep the race close, and typically what happened is our beginning schedule was easy while their closing schedule was easy with the beginning being hard. The 2011 Giants had a stretch where they played and lost to the 13-3 49ers, 8-8 Eagles(Divisional opponent so tough) the 13-3 Saints and then they had to play the 15-1 Packers, ALL in back to back weeks. They also played the 13-3 Patriots in that tough stretch. The 2012 Redskins played the 10-6 Bengals(Made Playoffs) 13-3 Falcons, 9-7 Giants(missed playoffs), Baltimore Ravens(Won Superbowl) Vikings(Made Playoffs) 2013 Eagles played 9-7 Chargers, 13-3 Broncos, and the 11-5 Chiefs all in back to back weeks. Honestly this one is odd, we lost 22-24 with Kyle Orton, I think we honestly win going away if Romo is healthy for the last game by at least a touchdown. Not just fandom, just how things were shaping up. Looking back our 2014 Schedule was extremely easy. But we did what we should have and won most of our close games ,beat a few good teams and blow the bad ones out. 2015 - -_- 2016 - Sort of the same..our schedule was pretty Easy. In a lot of those schedules, you see us losing to teams we should have beat,which imho is coaching. In week 1 of 2011 we had a lead on the jets and blew it. Had a 20-3 Lead at life time and blew it. Win those two games and we're 10-6. Noto to mention the infamous freezing his own kicker against the Cardinals, we'd more than likely be 11-5. 2012 was by far our worst of the 8-8 teams,I think they were just flat out bad, from pass defense to run defense to everything. 2013 we lose 30-31 even after causing multiple turnovers and having a lead. Had a 21-6 lead over the Chargers at halftime and still lost. Gave up a 23 point lead at halftime...to a back up. This was the hugest one, because if we win that one Romo can rest the next week and doesn't get hurt vs the Redskins. Even the last game we could have won. Good coaching doesn't lose all of those games. He's a great guy but he was just not a guy that could outcoach or win games when you needed them most of the time. He relied too much on his teams having superior talent and physicality. in 2018 the opposite happened. Which I think was due to our team being talented and in their prime and getting Cooper. We won 4 games against teams that made the playoffs. (Saints, Eagles 2x, and the Seahawks in the playoffs) All of our losses that year except for the Texans Redskins loss were pretty convincing though.
I'm using a VPN now(that's free but it's usually money) and it still won't let me watch it
This is facts. I don't really keep information on this computer but you're right it definitely isn't a smart idea.
He's had 3 different qb's each time he's made the playoffs..
I said up until recently. Chris Jones and Dan Bailey were in their prime and Dwayne Harris was doinghis best matthew slater impression and was good at kick and punt returns. Our special teams for the most part were gpod, im not just giving the man credit cause I lole him
Really? That's just fucking sad. Usually teams show love to local teams.
The 2012 Cowboys were the worst of the 2011-2013 teams
Romo had one of the quickest releases in the game and great mechanics which made our already good offensive line look even better
Or it could be because they cheered when Irvin got a career ending injury...
2011 Eli in the NCFCG. That iconic photo of him calling a timeout with Grass sticking out of his helmet is dope af
You can have more than one thing in the news. That's like saying someone can't complain about a headache because they got bigger problems because they're homeless
Ofcourse he is, none of the Cowboys player are actually considered good by fans except our offensive line.
I never said she wasnt popping, just making reference to her content
I miss playing this on fightcade, but sadly i have a chrome and don't know how to install it on the Chromeos OS :(
Its weird af. Other fans from diff teams always cry our offensive line is the best and the only reason we have succes...yet when they actually get accolades people seem to be able to name five other players better at their positiin somehow al of the sudden
So? Lmao this is such a dumb fucking argument. Aikman, Montana, Young, Favre(early career) Elway all had very good defenses throughout their tenure. All Time great QBS are elevated by elite coaching. Starr and Lombardi Chuck and Bradshaw Staubach and Landry Marino and Shula Walsh and Montana Aikman and Johnson Elway and Mcdaniels Jim Kelly and his coach
He's terrible but is it possible he needs glasses or contacts
Seemed like a dirty play to me like wtf
That's a dumb ass challenge. HOPKINS damn near hit the DBs facemask
Woahhhhh dangerous throw edit: Still thouhht i was in the bills and texans game thread lmao
lmao. Man this made me laugh harder than it needed too.
Yep, remember someone tackled Polamalu by it. Its technically legal but from what I understand its an unwritten rule not to tackle dudes by their hsir
This is why points being the end all be all of stats is misleading. The Texans have only given up 10 points but the defense can't get off the field. So casuals watching will think the Defense is doing a great hob. The offense isn't blameless, but the Texans defense has been terrible. This is how a lot of Cowboys games went.
Huh? Zeke had a very productive year. lime 1400 to 1500 scrimmage yarfs with Tony Pollard gaining around 500 all purpose yards.
Outside of Brady and Peyton Manning, yes.
America ME policy is one to be questiondx but honestly us dealing with thwm allows Europe not to deal with them. If we withdrew everything guess who would look after the ME unless they wanted Russia or China influence to go unchecked? You guys(A european coalition of sorts)
Bro thats exactly what the title indicates.
Its because those QBs with all due respect arent good enough to drag mediocre teams to playoffs, so whenever they go to the playoffs their teams tend to be loaded
Why do people on reddit always try to get mad at comparisons by trolling? They gave up less poonts than the 2013 Seahawls and only gave up 13 points. The 2000 ravens gave up 200 yards to Eric Dyson. This isn't the pre salary cap , no team is going to be percect. The 2015 Broncos were passed all over by Big Ben and Antonio Brown.
Threads lile this shoq you how much the average fan knows about football...I remember people didnt know that an offensive player fumbling out of the endzone resulted in a touchback
"do you like fish"
NFL has much more parity and better players and coaches
Saints fans don't start this shit the DB initiated conact
The DB initiated contact
People haven't mentioned that teams are obligated to interview a minority coach due to the Rooney rule.
Clowney tackled him as he was going to the ground on a dirty hit and more than likely gave him a concussion.
I don't get how Peters false starts so much in his own stadium..
Fuck Yes
It wasn't a PI, had nothing to do with getting a call. The Saints DB grabbed and initiated contact with Rudolph. It's basically handfighting at that point. Which isn't a penalty.
Not really, it's a rule that was needed and most of the candidates don't view it as such. Sadly it's still a lot of people that believe black or minorities don't have the mental capacity to do things like run or team or even play quarterback. Pretty sure a guy in Houston a year ago got in trouble for saying something of the sort.
I feel for Wentz but don't care that it hurt their chances. Remember if that was Dak taking that hit they would be joking. I'm not saying jole but please don't show them any sympathy.
Its a dirty hit no doubt but im honestly surprised he couldn't hide it well enough (he definitely shpuldnt do that) that he'd be let back into the game. Yikes
He left his wife because it's alleged she cheat on him with Golden Tate..which is why Pervy Harvin fought him before the superbowl.
Lol man they made fun of Romo , and cheered when Michael Irvin got a careeer ending injury. They will be fine.
As a cowboys fan this makes me laugh. Fletcher Cox is better than anybody on the Packers line and is a future hall of famer. Fletcher Cox is an Aaron Donald level player. The Packers tackles aren't that good.
Threads like this really shows who were raised around black people and who weren't in the thick of it so to speak. I grew up around all black people and grew up in a all black neighborhood. You can't claim to be fighting white supremacy and be pro-black yet cry for acceptance from white audiences and white award shows. Nothing wrong with wanting to win but don't be trying to mix that pro black shit with that cause I know most of you dudes are phony.
nigga...LMAO
People need to stop with these takes thinking they're being against the grain. It's a very entertaining show. If you want some true and hard hitting facts go follow one of those boring ass analytic guys on twitter.
in 2014 I think had GB went ot the sueprbowl they would have won another one. That one was on Rodgers fault although he was injured. Their defense got 4 interceptions from Wilson and the offense couldn't do anything with it.
I think Kellen Moore will stay. I honestly hope he becomes what Josh Mcdaniel became for Brady. I honestly hope he and Dak start implementing a system on offense where they do what the Patriots do and scheme week to week for an opponent instead of beating a square piece into a square hole, and whenever the occasion a circular hole arises you still try to smash the square piece in.
Dallas Cowboys defense isn't all that talented. They will be a bottom 18 or below defensive unit next year , watch.
I'm no warmongerer at all (check my post history) but this is what countries like North Korea and Iran have always done. They don't actually want any problems, they just want to push buttons and see how much they can do before we push back. The Soviet Union at the height of it's power was fearful of war with the USA. No Doubt a country like Iran would be as well.
The last one is especially fire. Like a nigga is supposed to just stand there and turn into Michael Jai White when confronted by shooters.
Lil Jay? Fucking wow, and it's kinda sad we all know how he got it.
That is overstated, they were a lucky missed field goal away from winning. They won 20-19 and almost lost.
Whyte is such a bitch ass dude..dude is basically a gaurd dog for AJ and has no shame. I hope if Wilder fights him that he knocks hin out of boxing
These UK boxers and fans wonder why we hate their boxers. This is why.
Didn't he have these guys walking ariund with bricks in their hands? Literally
Stephen Jones and JG look like brothers. I know its a troll to say Jason is like another son but mann it looks fishy
They all must be named Parlay
lmao that'd be a bad position to be in under the bed. Unless this nigga watched royal rumble and got sliding from under the ring practice he might be dead meat himself.
"bamboozle" - Mirage
Man I miss that attitude era heavy!
The Eagles coaching staff has to be doing the bidding of a Chaos Demon.
Did he really?
Would y'all take him back as a back up?
Seriously, we just need a dude to come in and not fuck it up.
Pete is going to try to re create 9/11
lmao because craig knocked out debo. Take your upvote
I seen a video of him doing drills and running routes and man wat hing our re eivers now, his cuts and change of direction is so slow.
Cooper I understand but how in the fuck did Jaylon make it?
His wide recveivers are that bad. I hate this stupid narrative. His receivers outside of Edelman being notioned get no separation. Bill Belichick is great,but he is awful at evaluating WR talent. He traded a second for Sanu...like really?
He was so fucking good
team isn't good enough to compete next year. Defense will be at the best mediocre. No Dt talent, average safety and CB play and regressing linebackers.
in that game the Bears gave up a pick six, his rbs combined for like over 270 yards
DAMN Earl Thomas Wya?
Titans uniforms are so dope to me
People gave Brady so much shit because you guys receivers couldn't get open. I thought the Ravens would win but I thought it would be close, The Titans for 4 consecutive years have played 95 percent of good to great teams close.
I hate this dumb ass narrative. Your'e not being pushed that way, you probably already leaned that way. It's like people who say shit like Democrats made them racist.
Lmaoooo man. All jokes aside what is the beat? I have a weird sense of music and it's dope af to me, but How have I not seen this? Looks like one of those Shade Tree fitness instructors with all women students. Tackle and Grapple type shit.
......as a man of cringe can you show me one of them...oh god.
Not impossible, but coming back in the playoffs is much harder. A 10-0 deficit in the playoffs is cause for concern, nevermind 21-0.
Has JJ Watt even got a tacke? Jesus christ.. if the Texans hold on i bet he will still be the first one they interview
if the Chiefs come back I wouldn't be surprised. Houston is basically the Atlanta of the nfl when it comes to Choking.
lmao @ that Scandrick Eagles commercial
Yeah because they went after good free agemts, something their GM didn't really do with Mccarthy...
lmaooooo
can't believe his name Adolph
I can't stand younger girls(By younger I mean from 18-22) "i have anxiety" I always ask them have they been diagnosed by a trained professional? They always say no.
Way too early to tell. You know how many QBs win a bunch in college and turn out to be dog shit?
This is so dumb. College isnt like the NFL,where everybody talent level is about equal. LSU is flat out the more talented team. It's like saying whoever played against Peyton and beat him in one will be a better NFL Qb. Same with Brady
Tebow was clutch in College, Kellen Moore, Jamarcus Russell. It's really mind boggling how open college receivers get.
Goff isn't better than Dak This is not fandom in me speaking. His offense is designed for one read tk be open off of play action. He depends on his line being good more so than Dak. That's not some bs I made up. Look at how Dak and Wentz scan the field amd you'll notice Goff does that significantly less.
I'm not trying to be a dick, but my mother was born in the 5ps and back then people judged you by your last names. When people have last names like that I automatically assume they suck. Same with Valdez Scantley, And Lazard.
49ers defense is top tier.. Patriots defense itself gave up less than 200 points on the year.
Joseph Randle was pretty good as well til he lost his mind sadly.
That would basically make the Salary cap useless...
I'm not trying to be a dick, but when I stopped following drills years back mister was seen as a "goofy" by most fans on either side. I was honestly shocked he was killed.
Can people please stop saying this..in no year under JG was our roster "stacked" except maybe Last Year. Every team he's coached aside from that has been a 16th ranked defense or worse
Trust me bro. I'm a cowboys fan and wanted the Giants to lose, but by the end I wanted the Packers to lose...they tried to screw the Giants so bad
Seriously..the Patriots defense was amazingly good. Like right behind the 13 and 15 Broncos...if they had any better WR options theyd walk into the superbowl
i actually brought it up, but thats the only reason I would think they would make her do that.
Kino from what I remember was what caused the rift with Dre, not the Royce and Em Fall out. If I remember correctly Kino said some shit about Dre and it got back to him, and he basically came to Royce and said if you wanna deal with me you gotta drop Kino.
Royce should have been rapping over Black Milk and Dilla production. Which brings me to my question. How come Eminem never did any collabs(as far as I know) with Dilla? If so it's probably like one or two.
Titans aren't getting any pressure on Mahomes, they need to just risk it for the biscuit and challenge the WRs over the top. Guys like Mahomes,Rodgers,Brady, Brees aren't going to fuck up a play if you don't get pressure on them.
Mahomes.
I knew the Titans would be screwed once they had to go to KC.
They would have got dunked on by the Chiefs. Lmao.
Brady is still good enough to play, he will not go anywhere to be a backup.
Bradu the GM is part of the reason why Brady has shit weapons or had them outside of years of good TE's and good WR play from the slot. His drafting of Wide receivers has been terrible. He'd probably have better stats in other places but definiely wouldn't have a more complete team. This narrative is tired, I bet you if Brady returns he will have a great year with his offensive line healthy and more weapons. Stop being overreactionary. They gave up a second fucking rounder for SANU!
Who wouldn't accept a top 8 QB at worst with solid weapons and a top 3 quarterback at his best?
This is such a stupid narrative honestly. People act like those people went from great teams into shitty ones. Those QBs were legendary to their organization and thus had leverage, so when they left, they got to pick. When Joe Montana went to the Chiefs they had been to the playoffs 3 years in a row before them. With Favre the Vikings went 8-8 and would have obviously won more with better QB play. Peyton Manning went to a team that went to the playoffs at 8-8, with one of the best defenses and a solid offensive line. Also, the QB's you pointed out are the exception to the rule. Montana had Walsh, Warner had Vermeil, Starr had Lombardi, Staubach had Landry, Shula was with Marino, Mahomes has Reid(and Reid also had Mcnabb who was a very good QB who'd probably be a HOF if he had a ring). Big Ben and Tomlin, Pete and Wilson, Rodgers had Mccarthy who helped developed him. Doug Pederson has Wentz(Vomits), Drew Brees has Payton, Aikman had Jimmy Johnson, Elway had Mike SHanahan(when he started winning and Steve Young won his ring when Mike was their OC)
lmaoooo
Man I was on Xbox Live believe it or not and was talking with a guy from Lousiana. He was a Saints fan(this was before last week divisional games) and we were talking about the Texans and he said "I only followed them cause my cousin played for them but not anymore". I said Who and he said Hal. Said Hal retired because got tired of rehabilitating and cancer. I honestly didn't know Hal had anything of the sort until he told me (I just googled to verify just now)
I mean Brady even with a Hobbled Gronk and Edelman is a thousand times more formidable than Watson and fucking Tannehill. Not to mention Bill is clearly a superior coach to Reid. I guarantee if you had a 24-0 deficit against the Patriots(especially with their defense) you wouldn't have came back.
The Titans were a good defense, the texans a meh one. None of them are really close to as good as the 9ers though
Blake Jarwin is actually good though....he will be our defacto number 1, and should have been this season, they can find a rotation of other guys and Shultz will more than likely stay too.
Bob O was basically executing executive order 66 on his own niggas, i doubt it.
Nah, in his other videos he looks much better than he did before. I'm not saying make him a mainstay but sign him for a veteran minimum. Even still we could bring him in to block occasionally.
Our defense hasen't earned the right to use the name..but this is so fucking corny to me. It's super known for two years now that our dline called themselves that...like wtf? How do you not know this? Also it's even more suspicious seeing as Kwon Alexander played the Cowboys in 2018 with the Buccaneers when the name started to really get big.
I have nothing against the 49ers what's so ever, but they blatantly ripped off the name from the Cowboys(Who obviously got the name from the dope ass NO rap group) Kwon Alexander played for Buccaneers in 2018, they played against the Dallas Cowboys, it was obvious what they were called, it was mentioned in Broadcast. So Kwon Alexander was there when the Cowboys called themselves Hot Boyz(which started in 2017) So he basically had to have stolen it. Arik Armstead played against the Cowboys so he had to have heard it. Same with Joe Staley in 2017(when our defensive line was godly) This isn't me hating, I just hate it when someone's trying to steal another mans hustle is all. The 49ers and the Cowboys played in the 2018 Preseason and i'm sure the Coaches mentioned the name..like this is starting to get ridiculous.
This is a dumb ass post made by someone who wants to seem smart. DVOA exist for a reason. Points against can have a lot to do with short fields, turnovers, and etc, same with points for. The Chiefs and 49ers both played the Ravens, Chiefs gave up 28(Although a late comeback but still) The 49ers gave up 20(While at Baltimore) Packers put up 31 even with Mahomes they still would have likely gave up more than the 49ers did with just 8. Gave up 31 to the Texans(Regular season) Chiefs gave up 23 to Vikings and only put up 10 on the 49ers. The game that throws their stats out of Whack is playing Drew Brees in the superdome. They hold them to an average game or even slightly above average and they finish below 300 points(which is where defenses tend to be very good. I'd say 250 points or less given up = Elite. 250-280 Very very good but not elite. 280-300. Good.
The 2015 Seahawks, Chiefs, Bengals, and Chiefs finished with less points scored against them than the Broncos..but nobody sober thought they were better.
lmaooo yoo
Aaron Hernandez is a POS but he could have been a HOF. This isn't me speaking in hindsight, he was known as one of the best tight ends along with Gronk whilst he was alive.
As people says its agility. Dak Prescott in a straight line is obviously faster than Romo, but Romo had ten times the agility.
Bruh...Japanese did way worse shit to Chinese, Koreans and Filipinos. Honestly dropping the nuke is one of the few justifiable shitty things a country did during ww2
In 2017 our defensive line was monsterous and that helped him out a TON. We had completely healthy Demarcus Lawrence, David Irving(This guy basically his All Pro potential but doesn't play football because he likes smoking pot,but he had 7 Sacks as a DT). And Maliek Collins. Also had Taco as a rookie, who isn't anything great but is solid depth guy. Think of how the Patriots line is built. One a or maybe two a level guys surrounded by a bunch of B's and a few c's. We were top 5 in pressures.
I remember in 2014 when you destroyed us thinking we were going to have a terrible year. Romo looked so fucking bad that game.
How so? Media is very negatively driven and 9/10 overly sensationalizes things such as this.
Lmaoooo. I listen to a Youtube podcaster and everytime they said "Wuhan" he would say it the same way Busta Rhymes says "Woo Ha". It's a serious matter but laughing every now and again helps.
I sadly assume most people here are role playing. I see Real nigga this, and real nigga that everywhere..then when dudes upload screenshots it's in some Slavic or Eastern European ass language lmao.
lmao man..Soulja used to be bad about stealing the styles of dudes he was around at the time. Stole Tha Jokers flow, Lil B's Flow/Style based shit, Dick Rode the Drill Era and Chief Keef. His music a lot of the time jam hard af though but it always put you in the mindset of someone else.
Lmao I've heard like multiple people say he was whack.
Lotta guns, lotta drugs in the studio Lotta stars, lotta plugs in the studio My niggas, they grew up in the studio So you know it's thugs in the studio - Lmao. Also whoever did the lyrics can't spell for shit.
Throw the whole damn song away lmao
That whole cup gone fucking melt.
Yesh but he fucking deserves it. Your post has zero substance
NO. Jesus christ can people stop with the dumb fucking narrative. Only one game has truly been garbage time, and that was Bears, and MAYBE the Bills.
It should easily be Gilmore. The Patriots defense was the best by far. They gave up like 2 tds on special teams and on a pick six...so their actual total given up is some crazy shit like 200.
Dude uses his platform to throw black people under the bus at every opportunity. Dude personified Uncle Ruckus. He figured
Not the same but I visited SoCal to see my sister and my brother n law took me to get a haircut...he left his truck out in the sun and had leather seats and i had on shorts. Never again. And man i'm from Texas but the heat there was different... Like in Texas even in Summer you see people outside but there man it was like you were a level above hell.
No it doesn't you dummy. The official statement is back lives matter too.
I can tell you don't pay attention to the politics of the USA so I won't even waste my breath.
MFS hate black people but love using that n word and rapping.
It's all fun and games until they discriminate against the minorities already there..
Warhol S.S
I've been on reddit for about 7 years now, and this sub always seems to enjoy voting some Pseudo racist shit every time. Never fails.
Nazis rose to power because people on the other side of the political spectrum were too busy arguing semantics to oppose Trump. It's like Bernie Sanders supporters. You never actually see them complaining about Trump or racism, just them complaining about other democrats .
People saying this is a hot take. Did people even watch the video? Outside of Lebron James Sharpe isn't the one for hot takes and one of the best voices on tv by a MILE.
A lot of Alt Right groups hide behind trolling. Idk why people act like a group can't be both. Even if what you said is true, why are they disturbing something dedicated to George Floyd
Nice concern trolling. Not even joking. Do all of you guys read off the same script?
DVOA is much more accurate stat. By DVOA they were 20th, which is bad for the offensive weapons they had (Sharpe/Lewis and etc)
No. They're ranked 20th by DVOA, which is bad. It's like that stupid stat where people say the 2010 Chargers had the number 1 offense and defense. They had the 4th ranked offense and the 7th ranked defense. Pretty damned good, but obviously misleading. Nobody who watched football that year thinks the Chargers had a better offense than the Patriots or a better defense than the Steelers, Packers, or Jets
Having All-Pros is the only thing that really matters. There's players that get all pro nods that don't go to the probowl or get selected. Pro-bowls in todays era are essentially meaningless
Yep. Didn't Dak make the Probowl in one of his undesserving years? I believe in 2017? I also know Dalton made it after a year where he was bad.
Giants offensive line is going to be elite for years to come..hate to see it.
2016. I was honestly happy the Packers beat y'all cause I think we had a better chance of beating the Packers(I mean we did, we just dropped the ball) You guys had the number 2 defense that year. Giving up less than 300 points is considered very good. You guys only gave up 284 with the 25th ranked offense.
That's cause Mostert is a jag. A very fast one, but a jag non the less
For DVOA it takes that into account. If you're talking about the regular rankings, you are correct.
I don't think Aaron Rodgers is more aggressive with it. I've seen other QB's try the same exact thing and the play tends to get halted completely.
Did someone go through his page with lyrics on it with a pencil and erase every rhyme at the end of every bar? Nigga rap like Mike Tyson speed reading a chinese menu
He was pretty mediocre that whole year and you guys basically won off of your pass rush. This isn't revionist history. I was watching the games live, and in the superbowl they even mention how he was getting picked on in the highlights. They gave up over 150 yards rushing against the colts. They got on the Patriots, I'll give them that. 125 vs the Broncos in the playoffs. 156 in the regular season. Gave up 180 rushing against the 49ers in the superbowl. When the team I root for(Cowboys) played you guys that year, you gave up 227 rushing yards) Redskins rushed for over 244 yards on that defense. Ray Lewis was a shell of himself by then and was being schemed against. I know he wasn't present for a few of those games but most he were, and his dline was doing it's just most of the time so often not it was the LB's fault.
Yeah because black people don't matter at all /s
Song goes in and that beat is fire asf.
Those allegations are shaky at best, and being weird and socially awkward isn't the same as "groping". I love how multiple allegations were turned on their head and you guys ignore it. You Bernie Sanders are the worst and low key racist. What, Bernie lost cause of "low information voters?" Why is everything blamed on everything but the candidate himself.
Yes..it's for the next five years. You're surprised they didn't take a guy with an injury history over a guy without one?
hahaha thank you. Shit is really crazy though.
Everybody who is biracial with black and white will eventually get their wake up call. Being from East Texas and knowing sort of how he grew up I'm assuming he had one within the past few years.
lmao I guess he got salty after that and deleted his comment?
Lmao it was the same way for me except I would always end up playing Baltimore or the Bills. I was using the Cowboys and left to the Steelers(just wanted a new team with vastly diff colors) and i've played the Cowboys the last two superbowls. IDK if their stats stay the same once you leave them or what
I was wondering the same thing...looks like you answered it for me.
Wasn't expecting to see J Dilla on this sub..but I applaud you. I miss late nights on Adult Swim just listening to his beats..especially Owls Only.
You know except where they blow up people, fly planes into buildings, kill indiscriminately or are religious fundamentals.
He's a millionaire, he could look like shit on a stick and still wouldnt have to deal with less than a 7
Rugg. Jefferson, Jeudy, and in the distance Lamb. If Lamb has over 600 yards i'll be happy.
Bingo. We've been having parades here for decades it not longer
Other minorities face discrimination but not near the degree as black people in the USA do. Not to mention a Latino could be a blonde hair blue eyes person. It seems like every time black people talk about the prejudice they face other minorities want to take away from our grievances
French niggas be weird..I remember when jerk got killed(rip) it was a bunch of French dudes pretending to be 051 affiliated. Just a bunch of lanes. Dudes had whole profiles with 051 in them tweeting real people talking shit
He definitely was not better than Cobb..Cobb can beat you deep and was much faster and more of a vertical threat
Lmaooo
You stupid MF you didn't win a playoff game either
It's funny... if you notice they always rave about how stacked those 90s Cowboys teams were and yet they're never on anybodys top greatest teams of all time. They talk about how great the offensive line made everybody look but when it comes down to ranking greatest offensive line they're never number 1. It's some weird shit. They typically use The Offensive line to discredit Smith. Use Smith to Discredit Aikman. Use Aikman or Smith to Discredit Irvin, and just pick your combination. From 92-95 the Cowboys won every Post season game by 10 points or more except one(The NFCCG vs Fran, and even then they had multiple turnovers). In 11 games in the post season they only put up less than 30 points 3 times. You don't do that with an AVG or even "solid" QB.
EXACTLY. They love showing images of us being docile.
As bad as the USA is them mf's even more racist. Are you serious? I hate when other countries try to weigh in on black issues like they'd treat us any better. You don't even love your own people and you guys live in an ethnic state.
This look like it was made by a Jamaican with dylexia
It's stupid he did this but what dumbass decided to tackle him?
This couldn't be me. Someone killed my son I'm not going to be on the internet asking for help..
I mean someone killed her son senselessly..it's okay to be angry about it and want to hurt the people that did it. But I guess she should pray for the perpetrators and and hug them?
Malcom Jenkins is someone who only comes off as Pro Black to non black people.
Katie Got Bandz look like her real name is Darius, this girl much cuter
Peppers in his prime is much more impactful than Luke, So Is Cam or Steve Smith SR.
Lmao Yeah Slime is some NY Shit through and through.
Lmaoo damn
Don't forget to put lol and XD before the link
Lmao not surprised man. I knew some weird shit was going on when dudes from France are making fake 600 and 051 accounts on twitter and ating real people on twitter from those sets.
I think you guys have an underrated WR group now. I think Reagor will be a good WR, but he doesn't play as fast as I assumed he did when I first heard of him. Like guys like Goodwin/Desean/Hill/Ross/Ruggs speed pops off on the screen. Reagor doesn't. He's still fast, but he doesn't look 4.3 fast as what I presumed, but 40 times are iffy and can be wonky and it's possibly he was injured. Tony Pollard ran a 4.5 40 , but he had food poisoning and on screen,film or in game it's obvious he's a 4.3 guy. Demarco Murray ran a similar time to Adrian Peterson yet it seems like AD ran much faster.
People lay everything on Dak and not playcalling in road games and how we would change what we did on the road. If I didn't think Dak was good, I wouldn't campaign for him. I'm a Cowboys fan not a Dak fan. Amari Cooper was injured a large part of the year and Michael Gallup missed a game. Our Special teams was also atrocious. Brett Maher kicked an astounding 66 percent on Field Goals. I know this may sound crazy but having fluidity in the offense and having an identity is more important than just having all around talent. Dak didn't lose us the Saints Game, the offense didn't do much but we crossed midfield twice. Jason Witten Fumbled the ball into Saints territory and on one of the most horrible calls of the year they ruled Zeke a fumble when his elbow was clearly down. It's not even my bias speaking he's obviously down. This mixmatch in playcalling(With what I believe to be JG"s thing) had us about 25th in Time of possession on the road and 12th at home.
Highlights and some full games and breakdowns A big Cowboy youtuber even talks about him before the draft happened. [Here is quick analysis of Reagor starting @ 14:45 that about 2 mins](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9CiQEqSpwY) do not want to sound like i'm just hating on him cause he's an Eagle, i'm not. But he doesn't beat people to corners often, beat people around corners from what I seen or burst through tight holes(pause) like other guys of that speed often do. I am just saying guys that are that fast tend to make other guys that are pretty fast look slow, and he doesn't do that for me. Like Tyreek Hill catching the ball and turning and burning Mccourtey who is legitimately one of the fastest players in the league.
He knew what you meant... A German/Frenchmen/ Norwegian or whatever European isn't going to have nearly the same Bias the Average American White Southerner has for a Black,Mexican,or Arabic person etc.
You know you're old when you get the Rodney Peete and Rodney Dangerfield "No respect" joke. One of the greatest comedians of all time.
Haha i'm only 27 but I first remember seeing him on in living color years ago and then recently looking him up years ago on youtube. Extremely funny guy.
The days of Coronavirus being a boogeyman word is over. That shit is over with sadly. Wear your mask people.
Rest in peace! Hope all is well. I must say, that is a beautiful casket.
Don't know why you're downvoted. These aren't children, one punch can kill someone as an adult depending on how they fall. Nobody should ever be able to serve zero jail time for sucker punching someone.
Please for people reading. If you mean black say black. People of color is mainly only used for people that are minorities in the USA that aren't black.
Yeah because they're animals and can't control themselves
I apologize if i'm being nosey but did Zoo like literally raise Raheem? Cause I know that Raheem was Walt's kid, right?
When are people going to stop acting like every rapper from Chicago is some super gangster. The people Yachty signed to a thousand times more gangsta lol
Special teams and defensive players get paid too. For us they were terrible.
Those racist cowards always know who to threaten. They always somehow never manage to threaten gun rights advocacy groups for black people..bunch of bitches..
No. Adams is mainly a Box safety. A damned good one, but not a free range center fielder.
Film a live action remake of the first Mario Brothers movie and they need a bunch of yoshis
How in the hell was Daks Birthday months ago when his birthday is in July? Make it make sense
Wilson and RG3 had better Rookie campaigns
I don't see how people blame Mccarthy for 2014. They get 6 turnovers in regulations and put up less than 20 points off of those turnovers. The special teams mess up. Even if they only put up two touchdowns and fieldgoals the rest of the way they win that game handedly. Sherman was hurt and they still couldn't move the ball.
in 2014 the defense didn't have a total melt down..if you get 6 turnovers you expect your offense to put up more than 20 points. Your offense lost you that game.
Exactly. It's like the average Fan thinks any QB could do what Brady or Peyton Manning did(Newsflash they can't). It's like some people think a Boxer is better than Floyd Mayweather because they were more exciting (news flash they weren't)
I'd much rather have Clowney than Adams.
Trading Adams for Collins is a lopsided trade in the Jets favor even if it's just player for player trade. Collins plays a much more valuable position than Adams and is top 10 ish at his position. Them asking for Collins let's Cowboys and Cowboys fans know they aren't trading Adams unless they get a museum thief haul for him.
How in the fuck is he better than Brady? I'm sick of people on the internet always want to be contrarians. I could run down a list of things that Brady does better than Ryan.
Matt Ryan is good but Brady is definitely and tangibly better and it shows on my regular screen as well as Film. Matt Ryan doesn't take the 2013 Patriots to the AFC Championship game.
Bill O Reily is a legitimate white nationalist/white supremacist. The more they believe their ideology is falling out of favor with mainstream white society the more bold they will become as they get more desperate.
He had terrible weapons..no offense..if you just look at stats and the end result of a play that doesn't tell you what happened during the course of a play. 1.) Was the OL Blocking good. 2.) Did the WR See the Same thing Brady Sees? 3.) Does the WR Have the ability to separate. 4.) Are they able to consistently generate separation consistently. The answer is a resounding no. I've seen Tom Brady do more with much less talent on his offense than Matt Ryan. Tom Brady has a higher football IQ. Better decision maker, better leader , better at pre snap reads and better at post snap reads. If you switch Tom Brady and Matt Ryan for the 2016 superbowl the Falcons probably win by 40. People really have this weird hate shit with Brady. They think because he doesn't run around for 7 seconds and hit a wide open guy because no corner can cover that long that means he isn't good.
He's better than Quinn by a good margin..Quinn stats are overrated and he was terrible against the run and was consistently blocked by tight ends in the run game.
THANK YOU. Clowney and Lawrence are essentially the same player. Although I'd say Lawrence is a slightly better pass rusher. Neither of them are really great pass rushers though, but they're good to very good at pass rushing and elite at defending the run. Lawrence impact is not something that shows up on stats.
The 2013 points per game average was 23.4. They only gave up more than that. TWICE. Their offense was good but their defense was still amazing and every metric showed that. I'm not arguing against the 2015 Broncos cause they were extremely great. I'll even recant about the 2018 Bears cause they were very good as well as they had a horrible offense, but the 2017 Jags?
By Dvoa your defense was ranked 15th, which Is actually very good if you have a top 5 offense. Your defense wasn't really a liability until the Superbowl and even then had your offense been able to move the ball I think it would have been much closer. The Seahawks went on a 9 play drive and your defense gave up a field goal. The Seahawks then went on a 13! play drive and you only gave up a field goal. Your offense gives up a pick six and at that point I think your defense quit.
We have some stupid MFS in this country man..I constantly have to tell people to stand back when i'm in line. People will stand right beside you, and i'm from TX so I don't wanna fake cough cause I could get smoked lmao
I want to go after Clowney so bad. I would much prefer him than Jamal Adams. Clowney said he'd take a lesser 1 year deal for a playoff caliber team. I think Clowney helps us more than Lawrence. With Clowney, Lawrence, Crawford, Mccoy and Poe and our LBS being free I honestly feel there's no excuse we shouldn't be a top 5 run defense if we get clowney, and a top 8ish pass rush defense. That would help our defense much more than a safety that may or may not impact every play. I also am of the belief that are secondary is nowhere near as bad as people are making it out to be.
Absolutely. Stamina is very important to. A lot of great CPU teams don't have a lot of stamina, and often times if you don't stop them outright or turn the ball over you'll notice their offense will start to get shut down in the fourth.
Better than out of shape Zeke? Yes? Better than Mid season or in full shape Zeke? No, only Cmac. I value durability way more than the average fan though. Barkley already has mixed more games than Zeke due to injury and Zeke has played an additional two years.
Before someone post that "Jerry ran a 4.7". No he did not. The Cowboys scouts at the time timed Jerry and he ran in the high 4.5s. This was before people trained for the combine. So in his actual prime he was 6'2 and ran a 4.5 with extreme agility and acceleration. So Jerry was plenty fast.
A guy being 6'2 and running a 4.5 is not slow at all.. Especially one that has elite stop and start ability like rice. I grew up in the early 90s. No broadcaster considered Rice Slow, he consistently beat teams Deep. He played faster than his 40 time.
I honestly wish boxing fans would get away from this shit. Povetkin and Whyte are both B Class fighters. Good, but nothing special..I honestly don't give a fuck who wins but i'll root for Povetkin.
Faded typically means he's been sipping alcohol. That's what it means where i'm from.
When they're pretending like they want to fight the best. Yes
Exactly.
Because you would just become victim to a nation that didn't.
He actually has the highest wonderlic score on our offense IIRC. At a 32.
Yep. That aspect of peoples game is extremely underrated. Great point.
