Funnily enough when I think of Detroit I don't think of dangerous traffic...
Real-time mapping. Duh
Congratulations! Happy new year.
Being pale has been a trend again for women in the West in the last few years. Hopefully we are over tanning salons for good.
What? That's ridiculous. I will not upgrade to N if that is the only way to set it to vibrate. That is a critical feature for a phone
Big news for a year now. When are we going to be able to actually buy this thing?
I use Shush to auto disable the vibration and return the ringer after a few hours. If I set vibration through the slider I can't control it through software
Have you ever heard of bulletproof materials?
Autocorrect doesn't like swear words and hell is considered to be one
Money should never be the end. They are a means to an end.
Have you ever heard of a tank?
It's basically a tiny tank
"Seemingly by accident" How many times are we going to say this about TNG before admitting that this is the kind of thing the brilliant writers did to get around censors?
What if she joins in?
I don't understand why you choose undemocratic Saudi Arabia instead of prosperous western backed democracies like South Korea, Japan, the European States, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, Singapore and many others. In fact the only western backed hell holes that exist are undemocratic so maybe you should be more concerned about the state of democracy in your country. On the other hand Russian control seems to be based on totalitarian control of resources and business. Why would you want that?
99% of denuvo games are still uncracked last time I checked
Code of conduct? Come on brat isn't even a curse word.
I am still waiting for the cracks on just cause 3
Is it good?
I don't know ask the ussr
These people are so selfish that they don't even know you are there. They didn't look. They just go.
This is intriguing. Is there any data on how much "having a teen social life" costs? I couldn't find any on Google
The only concrete ethnic data is from 2011 when whites made a total of 59% of which 44% are British. Anything else is just speculation but everyone agrees the number of whites has dropped in 6 years.
Then you take the time machine and loop back. Like some sort of looper
Note that this is the original white house. It was basically torn down in the Truman administration and rebuilt almost completely. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_House_Reconstruction
True! This is the 2nd one and the current one is the 3rd one.
The 2017 shooter literally walked in
They apparently replaced large sections of the exterior too.
Yeah because of the nuclear bases. The population suffered because the regime of Cuba held onto power. Wouldn't the population have been better off if the government resigned and had elections? Really the only places that are dysfunctional are undemocratic nations. Maybe you should be looking at that instead of western influences.
Kevlar will protect you from cuts
Yeah but who impregnated her?
If you were going for over the top then I would call this a hit.
He inherited a real estate empire from his father and grandfather worth 200 million. Stop believing his lies.
Uh uh http://www.politicususa.com/2017/01/09/trump-talking-lying-fact-checkers-find-96-trump-statements-degree-false.html
Don't feel bad. Automation creates more jobs than it replaces because it expands the market. It's a myth that automation is reducing the number of jobs.
Macedonian? Why Macedonian?
While McCain is clearly a man of great moral compass I don't think he's all that bright especially in his old age. So he tends to make bone head moves.
I don't know. Poverty doesn't automatically correlate with crime.
She kind of went actual porn lately didn't she?
Too bad they are super expensive
I know that getting gta v to run in Linux is a pita because of the video card drivers.
Lowest was $70. Average was $200
Intriguing!
Both
Which is ridiculous because now we have more technology that would let us keep tabs on them effortlessly
And now they bought the US. Capitalism wins
I mean that was the whole point of these systems
Damn Emily bloom is a lot shorter than I thought she was.
I mean... Why? Maybe it's true. She doesn't have to be the prettiest he's ever dated to be the perfect girl for him.
But it is square
So what you are saying is that this chaotic flow is desirable?
I know some of those words
And how do you learn about their covering range? On the website they don't really say what countries each center covers
Take it from me. I am Canadian, lived in Romania and the country is extremely safe compared to the West. At most you will get some dirty looks for being super openly gay. Nobody will do or say anything.
Romanians have the worst inferiority complex I have ever seen
It was a joke before you edited your post
Almost impossible to get them to reach the required ignition temperature. Magnesium dissipates heat very well. So the flame would have to pretty much envelope your rim to ignite. That is assuming that your rims are a magnesium alloy that actually catches fire.
He did you a favor
I will just have a coca cola in Vietnam
It's also a bit stupid. Romance languages don't really have a "the". The article is usually integrated in the word. Other languages like Asian ones put a big focus on the order of the words changing the meaning completely by just changing the order. In those the articles might not even exist. Now we can even imagine some really exotic language models like the one the hectopods use in the movie the Arrival. Histogram the words in that!
You just have to cover the area under your deskspace
That sounds too complicated for migrants to actually understand. These people come from places where licensing doesn't exist as a concept. If they don't understand the system they won't accept it.
What browser doesn't support html5? At this point if you are using an antiqueated browser we don't want your business
I just like how jc2 looked far more than jc3
https://www.reddit.com/r/Deusex/comments/5346z1/spoilersthe_more_interesting_contents_of_the/
This is a very recent thing though
IKR. Beacons are so rare that I just never use the black market
Yes
Because it's a valid point. Why would I trust Trumpland with my data more than the commies?
You are seriously underestimating the effects of the brand. That whole Nokia is indestructible viral thing kept the brand alive. Every girl I know who keeps saying "hahaha I am a clutz" wants the new Nokia
The starfish on his head
Marketing is what matters
Why would anyone want this as a customer?
I am convinced that McCain just isn't that bright
If Trump ends NATO then everyone near Russia is fucked. They'll invade with impunity
Without the US Russia is confident enough to attack NATO countries. That is the end of NATO
How often is that a problem?
Now you won't know when your apples go bad! Isn't that great!
Nah Russia is too interested in taking over eastern Europe. They would never ally with their future victims.
The mind-blowing thing is that digital cameras were first invented in their labs and they just threw it away.
"Sounds like something that will come along from competitors soon too. Johnson! Gather our top men. We have to get in front of this before it runs us over." They could have done a spin-off that is owned by Kodak and returns profits to the parent company. That would have saved them.
Possession of anything shouldn't put you on a list for life IMHO. It is way to easy to plant something and ruin someone's life.
Only convictions should show up on a background check right? I feel like I am taking crazy pills over here.
How's the weather in the Kremlin?
Actually it is a lovely violet shade but our eyes prefer blue light when it is present so that little blue light overpowers our senses and makes us unable to perceive the violet at all.
At least he won't break up the EU leaving all the members exposed to a literal invasion by Russia. How would you see your favorite candidate leading France in the next years?
There is no partnering with Russia. Their idea of business is a boot on your head. Your resources? Their resources. There is no rule of law. There is only oligarchy. If in Russia your company is successful then you will be taken over by an oligarch. If you don't accept you end up dead. That is why a lot of tech companies fled the country once they started to become successful. Net neutrality? Fairness? Free market? All those concepts are void. There is only the ruling mafia that controls everything. They trade with nobody on a position of equality. They just push around nations weaker than them and plot against nations stronger than them. If Russia wants to become a partner to the West they need to reshape their very way of being. They need to prove they want to be good. They need to enforce real rule of law, contract law and separation of business, state and church. I am sure many people in the West would like to bring this oligarchic way of thinking and doing to the west but we must do our best to prevent that from happening.
You forgot about the time travel theory. When there's a change in the timeline not everyone's memories get updated
I disagree. Everyone should do their own research if they are interested. It helps develop critical thinking. People just blindly trusting a post just because it links to some 3rd party source is what led us to the current fake news crisis. Besides the majority of commenters are posting from mobile phones. Posting sources is a PITA from a phone.
What does that word even mean in this context?
Why do you have the boards stacked without wheels?
The 3T camera and speaker are average not below average. I mean the camera can basically hold it's own with the 7+ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5Qp6bg5LL0&amp;feature=youtu.be
Poached. Otherwise he wouldn't have said he's going home to relax
So the way that is worded it means that if Mexico doesn't pay for it there will be no wall.
You're a cow?
No we are not. In the last half a century 2 very big things have changed: contraception and antibiotics. Before this everyone was having lots of kids. If the parents didn't give a shit the kid either raised itself or it died from a random infection. If the parents cared for their kids most would survive and end up as adults. These well raised children would go on to build a good society. Now? Responsible people have no kids or one kid. Shitty people just shoot out kids all the time that grow up to be shitty adults that keep this cycle going. How is this fine? We're headed down the shitter.
Clearest pussy shot I have seen in a runway show
Dude she was bad news. Consider the bullet dodged and try to move on with your life. If you can afford it talk to a therapist. I get it. You're hurt. But you need to just let go. You weren't a great boyfriend but she was so far beneath your level that she's not even worth thinking about. And don't worry that Asian males thing is just a meme. Some women go nuts for Asian men.
So be honest. Tell her you don't feel the same. You are unsure about marriage and kids. Tell her clearly how you feel. And tell her clearly that if your feelings are a deal-breaker for her then she will have to be the one to break up with you because you love her and you're not going to break up with her over her plan.
These lists are never healthy
Maybe? I don't know them. But keep in mind that they're just the older generation. This statistical trend is skewed to families today. And of course you're always going to find edge cases that don't fit the general trends.
Won't happen. Android was built from the ground up like this with no interchangeable driver system on purpose. The reasons are various from vendor lockin to the nature of mobile architecture but the bottom line is that it's not going to happen.
Oh we've got a tough guy here who won't google https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b4/World_net_birth_rate_2007.png https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fertility_and_intelligence https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heritability_of_IQ https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/aug/07/smart-women-not-having-kids
This isn't a peer reviewed paper. It's not up to me to Google for you. If you want to know more about something be my guest to search. I was just being extra nice to give you links.
Putin put his men in the white house.
And bannon was just given a high level position. How could it be any clearer that these people are steering us right into ww3?
And fighting ISIS doesn't mean they don't condone their own brand of terrorism. Not all enemies of ISIS are the good guys.
Usually the people who make the show. They like to get their stuff out there
But there are many alternatives on the market that would satisfy that need.
This is amazing technology and I hope it will be widely used one day. That being said why do you insist on doing this in the porn field if it's really that hard to raise money.
But we don't live in this hypothetical world. We live in a world where monogamous relationships are the norm.
[Hardly what?](http://www.livescience.com/images/i/20695/i02/lifes-extremes-monogamy-polygamy-111005a-02.jpg) are you honestly claiming that monogamy is not the norm? The vast majority of people are monogamous according to any study.
God those kids are loud. They might be louder than car traffic.
So enlighten us. Do you have data (other than your own anecdotes) that says that young people are not monogamous anymore?
Not everyone is on them. In fact I think they've quite dwindled in popularity. And even so there were many serial monogamists on those platforms.
One thing you should be aware of is that condoms don't protect from all STI. HPV, syphilis and other infections can be transferred even with a condom. And I don't mean condoms breaking. Even if the condom works as intended you might still get a lot of diseases. Your doctor should have explained that there is no such thing as foolproof protection when it comes to sex.
Enthusiasts brands will always betray you https://youtu.be/FJgTKx-rg18
I never even use my selfie camera. For me people taking selfies are like aliens. I hear and read a about them, sometimes see them out of the corner of my eyes, but I've never actually met them.
Pay for Dropbox?
Why is everyone downvoting this man for caring about his privacy?
Exactly. There isn't much wrong with this other than waste. Gasoline fumes are already all over gas stations. A little extra spill is nothing.
So we do have a profile. It's not that hard to find them.
Most of these ISIS idiots have posts on their Facebook pages with actual photos of them fighting for ISIS. It is just that easy.
Taking "homegrown" literally
The amount of attention I get from short girls is insane. Just because I am tall they are super interested. Meanwhile girls my height barely show any interest and then complain that the short girls get all the tall guys.
That looks extremely gaudy
Malls are still being built like crazy in Europe
On what GPU? Macs can't handle VR graphics
I left Montreal because of it. There's no point in building a life there anymore. You can't touch the property, you can't make investments, you can't do anything without hitting the Great Wall.
The only submerged submarine to submerged submarine kill in history or just in ww2?
How is the sampling rate? I assume the Google car takes a single sample at noon when it passes to scan that area and that's it. Next scan will be in a few years right?
I hate it that go doesn't want to let me open on a new line. That language is amazing but the people running it are so religious in the way they think code should be written.
People even have an issue with the Germans living in the UK
Regular speed bumps are made out of plastic and they get replaced every year because the snow does a number on them
Why? Why do you even have the right to intervene in the story of a film? IMHO this is copyright infringement by modification
Shaw was vivisected by David because he was bored. They made it pretty clear in the movie.
Yep. Gratuitous shocking way to tie up a loose end.
I don't watch sports. Nobody I know watches sports. If they keep being broadcast only live sports will probably die out too.
Most people won't call the police on their relatives. Besides the police are just as likely to arrest you too.
The Internet is kept profitable by a massive hoard of people who will just click anything. Remember that coworker that makes you roll your eyes whenever she uses the computer? She's the one keeping it afloat.
Come back in 20 years when TVs are completely gone and the only live sports people are seeing will be if they're in the stadium.
What about foreigners? I'm a registered foreigner in Bucharest and I want this bitch out!
Even foreigners can vote in local elections.
I saw these on the discovery channel. There's a tribe that has these feet because of inbreeding
Did you paint it red?
What did that guy say when Casey was filming their damaged car? Casey just responds NO!
Wtf are you posting from the 1700s? That's a lot of kids on all the branches
Is posting naked selfies on social media acceptable in Asia?
As long as you close the control loop by tracking the position of the ball it should be a simple PID controller
It marks the end of the proof. The translation is "what was to be demonstrated"
Why is there no aboriginal porn?
Everything on that jcno page looks retarded
I think he's just dumb not senile. He's always been this dumb ever since he was young but he learned to talk the talk in politics. If you look back his life is full of these moments of stupidity but everyone excuses the tortured war hero. The man is as dumb as a sack of bricks.
I mean... Killing everything would solve the problem. Any problem really
African Iron man. I'm OK with this. African sci-fi has that fifth element vibe that I crave.
It's the old version of the fuck you sign we use today. It fell out of use in the second half of the 20th century
All I want is a wysiwyg editor for Android studio. Like Visual Studio has had for decades
It's so fucking true. I passed through recently and the area is almost ready to explode again. There's just so much hate and tension
No chance. You won't be able to distinguish the two people having sex or wrestling. Your best bet is buying an HTC vive and some tracking pucks and attaching those to the people for motion capture
Better gameplay, worse voice acting, story is weaker too.
If you play as Emily no.
Link? Last I checked you still had to edit that damned xml by hand.
The eclipse one didn't let you set relational positions. Thus it was mostly useless.
It was. The soviet union had collapsed freeing half a billion people from oppressive regimes. Peace had come to the world. The economy was booming. Jobs were plentiful. Computing had just gotten cheap and computing power was growing in leaps and bounds. The Internet was just blossoming and the tech sector was dominated by small companies with human faces. Oh and biggest problem in America was that the president got a blowjob. It was a time of great peace, prosperity and innovation.
Plenty of women do this too
It can go back to it just as fast
I thought those were self haters. They hate they're half Asian don't they?
To give 75000 to each person in the US you would need 2.625E13 dollars. That's 2.625 * 10 to the power of 13. That's more money than exists. Where in the universe are you going to get the money?
I used 350 million and no there isn't enough in people's checking accounts because that is per year. So even if you literally rob everyone in the US you will be out of cash for the next year even though I'm pretty sure there isn't anyway.
Yeah someone should tell him everything is expensive these days.
This is ridiculous. Saving 4 dollars a day isn't going to make me save enough to buy a home when homes cost over 1 million. It's not 4 dollars here and 5 dollars there. The cost of a home is literally all the money that I make in 30 years. Back when Crocodile Dipshit was buying a house they cost 2 maybe 5 years salary. https://youtu.be/dcbjWGj3jBk So excuse me for calling him out on his bullshit.
HBO stopped working too recently. Utter shit. I don't know why they keep pushing these updates that break everything
In this case the mindset is just fooling you. Those savings you are making in that mindset do not make any logical sense. They will not help you in the long run to buy your house or any big ticket item. So why are you making the extra work for yourself? Why would saving a useless amount of money help in any way?
Don't be silly these aren't for living. These are investment properties for Chinese and Russian billionaires. They don't impact the national housing market at all in the way you are thinking.
Opulence. I has it.
"Removed because it clashes with our political views"
Funnily enough I did notice recently that it's pointless to buy a sports car in today's world. Traffic is just everywhere and you can't find open roads near your home anymore.
Disneyland vs Disney world Only one of them removed Tarzan
&gt;The word was originally a noun (1560s), from Italian grottesco (through Middle French), literally "of a cave", from Italian grotta (see grotto),[2] an extravagant style of Ancient Roman decorative art rediscovered and then copied in Rome at the end of the 15th century. The word first was used of paintings found on the walls of basements of Roman ruins that were called at that time Le Grotte (The Grottoes) due to their appearance. &gt;Since at least the 18th century (in French and German as well as English), grotesque (or grottoesque) has come to be used as a general adjective for the strange, mysterious, fantastic, hideous, ugly, incongruous, unpleasant, or disgusting, and thus is often used to describe weird shapes and distorted forms such as Halloween masks.
Nationwide contest. FFS Japan
I'm a little sad they didn't talk about the Lidl and Aldi store brand sunscreens. In Europe people have started to talk about them a lot because they're half price of the name brands but they're good. I would really like some bloggers to test them out to see how they compare to the big names.
Yes!
I tried the [cien sun sensitive lotion soft 50+ UVA](http://offers.kd2.org/pics/ea/64/ea649c1254e0d846e85a583f0292d10c157dee28.jpg) Honestly there isn't any information on it. From the back of the tube I can see it is made by Winn cosmetic GmbH and it's probably a mineral sunscreen. The ingredients are: aqua, Octocrylene , Alcohol , C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Glycerin, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Ethylhexyl Salicylate, Titanium Dioxide (nano), Propylheptyl Caprylate, VP/Hexdecene copolymer, Butyrospermum Parkii Butter, silica, Tocopheryl acetate, Diethylhexyl Butamido Triazone, Acrylates/C10-30 Alkyl Acrylate crosspolymer, Ethylhexyiglycerin, Acrylates Copolymer, Carbomer, Bis-Ethylhexyloxyphenol Methoxyphenyl Triazine, Sodium Hydroxide, xanthan gum, dimethicone, disodium EDTA, Tocopherol. So I see that nano Titanium Dioxide and I think that's what helps it blend in very finely. I've applied it to my hairy arms and it does leave a shine but it doesn't stick to my hairs and there's no white cast. The shine isn't oily. It's more... metallic if you know what I mean. It's very strange you can definitely tell there's something on my skin but it's more like I have an unnatural reflection than a layer or film. I haven't tried it on my face yet. For my face I tried the cien spf 30 spray on invisible cream. It left a very unpleasant oily surface that did not absorb into my skin but I didn't get a sunburn. Not recommended. Frankly I'm a bit of a noob at sunscreens. I used to avoid them because of the white cast but I got biore watery essence spf 50 and it changed my life. It was my first sunscreen that completely disappeared into my skin. The only unfortunate thing is that I can't find it locally and 3 weeks shipping from Japan is a pain. The cien can't hold a candle to the biore but the cien is mineral (biore is chemical), half the price and available in any Lidl. On the other hand the cien spf50 knocks the socks off the regular Nivea, Bioderma, Garnier and other big regular mineral sunscreen brands available in the convenience stores. I'd like to see the cien compared to other high performance sunscreens like the one in the video above.
So how do we know about them if we didn't catch them?
Oh God it's spreading
But all that Titanium Dioxide. It's a bit thick to be fully chemical. What ingredients help us identify it the mineral sunscreens?
I keep telling redditors that live streaming sports is dying along with the live streaming TV but nobody here believes me. People are just losing interest in sports with so many other entertainment options available
Oh hai Mark
Yep. They blocked it unless you are using desktop mode on Firefox and it's buggy as hell
Yes. On Firefox. Google disables autoplay on desktop mode when it's in the background
&gt; Paying for an adult to sit in the living room all day hogging the space, eating our food, and using our resources has a bad impact on home life. I hope that by "our" you mean your family including your daughter. This is part of the issue. You don't see your daughter as a part of your family. You see her like some adult that leeches off you. Of course she has anxiety. She doesn't feel like she belongs. What she found in that job was the sense of belonging that you didn't provide.
Yes
Sure buddy. Except everything is state owned in all implementations because the state is the people.
Do they have those ones with the moving walkway there? I hate those. I feel like I'm a product.
I don't want to discuss anything with communists other than the possibility of enlightening them about the error of their ways. I've seen the practical implementation of communism first hand. It's a barbaric ideology founded on the concept of stealing. A voluntary communists community might work but as soon as the word "seizing" is pronounced the thievery begins.
It can be so much worse. There's a high capacity version of these gates. You step onto a moving walkway and you're basically on a conveyor. You scan the passport and a fucking tablet descends from above and takes your picture. It feels like I'm a piece of meat on a processing belt. At some point the gate opens and you're allowed to go but I guess they can just gas you if they don't like your face.
It happened once before. Around 2004-06 I remember I was watching the swarm of earthquakes in the park. Everyone panicked then but nothing happened.
The infrastructure must be there before the people move in. Otherwise we'll just have a ton of people with a ton of traffic problems.
Extra uniform? They have replicators!
He bought a new house? When?
Wait he's had that since day 1. Is his family rich or something?
He sold beme for 25 million but he had investors to pay off.
Hard work does not correlate with success
5.4 million is also nothing in terms of roads. That's like the cost of one mile of wide road.
Horses are far worse. They cost more lives, were very unsanitary and inefficient
How about comparing means of transportation not apples to oranges?
Japanese didn't wear underwear After the war panties were introduced and a surefire way of finding out who was dating white men was to spot the women wearing panties. Japan has a fascinating history of underwear https://www.jref.com/articles/underwear-and-shame-in-japan.122/
I think you may be a little biased /s
Oops. I wonder if there's any written record of the Chinese underwear. I couldn't find any through a Google search
While you are correct about the needed breakthrough for good flying cars it will arrive eventually. Maybe not now but in a few hundred years maybe. If we are looking at what is really foreseeable I think the boring company is stillborn. The underground of cities is not empty. This is why subway construction today is so difficult. Under cities we have a whole network of sewers, utilities, foundations and God knows what else. We won't be able to construct a wide network of small tunnels like those they propose. On the other hand a number of companies are investigating short range human sized drones in multirotor configuration. They're meant to bypass infrastructure completely so they can taxi people fast in dense urban centers like Beijing and Dubai. While prototypes already exist commercial viability isn't quite there yet. These drones bring up an interesting conundrum. With their short (aprox 10 minutes) flying time they can only cover a radius of 10-20km. So now we have drones for short range flight and traditional flying machines for longer flights. However a flexible medium range option will be severely lacking. There's no way you will be going between urban centers in a taxi drone. And a traditional flight is not cost effective or practical (with all the requirements of airports) for medium distances (100-200km). So how would transportation look like? Metropolitan areas full of flying cars and walkable areas with huge highways crossing them? As a global culture we are now moving away from highways that cut into city cores. Will cars be split into categories (intercity and urban cars)? And will sky taxies be able to take a predominant role in transportation before they solve their range issues?
Oh boy hold onto your hat because we're about to get really old fashioned. In the past it was expected that the man finished his education and got his shit together. He got a job and started a family as soon as possible. Women on the other hand were expected to marry as soon as possible. While they were in school they were encouraged to date upper classmen because this way the guys had time to get a job. By the time the girls finished school the guy was established and could marry her. If things didn't work out she still had time to date other guys before she finished school. If she graduated single and didn't get married immediately after graduation society considered her an old girl. This is all obviously completely outdated. Girls don't marry right out of school. It's hard now for a guy to be established enough for a family before he's 30+. Life has gotten harder. And people are more open about their relationships. We don't date to marry most of the time. Still a girl + older guy relationship is the most natural thing in the world. However society has gone nuts in blaming the relationships like the one you are interested in. Why society acts this way is a complicated discussion. Personally I blame the media and the culture of fear but I digress. She's a minor but that's why Romeo and Juliet laws exist (it protects two teens in a relationship from being called pedophiles when the age difference is less than 5 years). However society will blame you anyway. A relationship your belle is risky now. Even if you are super careful she can still get mad at you and totally ruin your life. IMHO it would put way too much stress on you both to start this.
Yeah the fast food industry is facing a massive labor shortage. That's why they're pushing for robots. Right now some companies are filling the shortage with illegal immigrants that work in terrible conditions.
He wears a wig on the show?
Yep. Right down to screwing everyone. They didn't even include the fact that palmer sold the tech valve gave to him in good faith.
Palmer started out as a guy on the VR forums. He got Carmack (from id software) hyped and he backed him to form oculus. Then he got invited to valve where Gabe Newell shared all their research in the hope of creating an ecosystem. Palmer was secretly talking with Facebook and build their own store to compete with steam. Also they sold out their pc user base to focus on VR for phones. Valve seeing these double crosses teamed up with HTC to release the vive. Meanwhile Palmer started funding the alt-right movement and got fired recently. He still walked away with hundreds of millions
Wait that thread is from 3 years ago. Was it also you that long ago?
You really don't want skin touching a waxed surfboard. The rash is terrible
So I guess they reversed it for this application. The guards carry the scanner here. But why not just use RFID? Is there any advantage to the buttons?
I agree it's very realistic but that doesn't make it good TV
Me and a partner want to gather investors to build houses as an investment. We have the land lined up. He's a professional who's built residential developments for others before. We want to build the houses and sell them to people. All we're missing is the money. So we want to gather investors and after we sell the houses we want to pay back those investors with a profit. It should be simple but I can't find any information on what kind of organization we should create. I considered forming an LLC but how do you pay back investors on their investment? We're based in the EU but any advice would be appreciated.
I'm upset about the alert slider but I just don't upgrade to android n
That's how you make a startup these days
The op3 and 3t have OIS. It seems strange not to include it in the next flagship
What soundtrack? I don't hear anything
Nobody freaking cares about how thin it is anymore.
iSomething naming went out of style years ago. Anyone naming them that is showing how old and out of touch they are
Damn! Her boyfriend has a micropenis. He must be amazing in other departments.
What the fuck are they smoking?
Ok you're clearly new to programming and c# just threw you into the deep and and told you to start swimming. It's a great language but you can come back to it once you have a handle on the concepts. I propose you take a look at processing. Go to www.processing.org and download the latest version (the donation is not required) then click the learning tab and go through the tutorials. If you prefer video content go to the coding train YouTube channel Introduction - Processing Tutorial: http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRqwX-V7Uu6ZYJC7L-r6rX6utt6wwJCyi Daniel shiffman is a great educator and his enthusiasm is contagious. Processing will allow you to do many things really easily but it doesn't have training wheels either. Once you have the concepts down in processing you can come back to c# and unleash UNLIMITED POWAH!
https://youtu.be/vM1QgwaKv4s http://abcnews.go.com/US/story?id=91996&amp;page=1
We're not getting software that handles a wide array of tasks. On the contrary AI is extremely specialized. We're extremely far from having any sort of generalized AI
Nope. Recommending prescription drugs will be automated. The decision will always rest with a human.
Google Glass was never augmented reality. Stop the misinformation. It was all about bringing the notification shade of your Android phone to the corner of your eye and putting an always on camera on your face. No overlays. No world adapting anything.
It's not augmented reality. It's more like the notification shade of your phone in the corner of your vision
This was never AR
It was never an AR headpiece. This was clear to anyone who used it and it was never marketed as such. Where are you people getting this idea? It was just a notification hud
Google Glass was never meant to be this. Microsoft hololens is meant to do this. Even down to the gestures.
Robot warehouse picking is an intense topic of research right now but no breakthrough yet. Her job already exists
In Greece? There will be no exchange to buy anything. The Greek will just take cash payments in euros. A strong underground economy will be created just like we saw one in the ex soviet states after the fall of the curtain. The new currency will have no opportunity to recover the hyperinflation
You keep holding onto this imaginary notion that it would do something good. All I see is the 90s soviet republics scenario all over again.
I can't use that website. What was the result
But I'm right handed and I still do a lot with my left hand. I wouldn't consider myself ambidextrous because I can only write with my right hand
I'm just wondering how many of these cycles can Russia go through before it breaks up. I mean it's huge. 1/6th of the earth can't function like this forever right?
What about the guy who just expects you to read his mind, doesn't explain any steps and just wants his ideas to be implemented. You need to be a fucking mind reader
Gamergate subscribers are autobanned by many Twitter accounts for some reason
That looks like it's been done on purpose... But why?
That's what I was thinking. It's definitely an acquired taste.
I really think he's a liar and the story is a hoax. I think he just bought it
What if he makes a time remnant just to stay with iris Real Barry goes to prison Remnant Barry stays with iris
#notallbarry
A chat that's full of underage users? I can't think how that will backfire...
What does Billy even do? It seems like it's just image
Exactly. The feeling this video gave me was a total sense of loneliness that can't be filled no matter how much money you spend
It's not like he didn't have several milion already. He was already upper class new york when he started the vlog. I think he just went from 2+ millions to 25+
So 1000 dollars maximum per day.
No shit. But we're discussing headcannon here.
Part 2: 911 dispatcher deems it a prank call and hangs up.
Do you live on Kashyyyk?
Sounds cool (literally). Is the beetle problem really ruining the forests in the area like they say?
Wtf? Does this actually happen? What's the point? A modern smartphone can be ruined remotely
What the fuck? We need a GTA game set in India
I'll believe it when I see it.
It produces some thrust. Very little but everyone has been able to get something out of it. It still makes no sense though
500k doge or 500k us dollars stored in doge? There's a big difference in the ways to handle those.
That's true but I see no way to rule it out other than to push it into space and see if it works.
poloniex to change to bitcoin Spectrocoin to change that bitcoin to USD
Funny how times have changed
Unfortunately history has proven that people will just ignore it and move on
Watchdogs anyone?
Yeah no kidding. 10 miles to the store is so common these days. I can't even skateboard to the store
By lottery? That's even worse. Replace a population of highly educated rich people with random people? That's a disaster waiting to happen. Communists tried things like that and it ruined their city cores.
Sorry I replied to the wrong comment the first time. No it is not sarcasm. Why would it be? All I said was true.
http://www.businessinsider.com/youtube-still-doesnt-make-google-any-money-2015-2
Ggg was originally for douche bag doing good things like "knocks you outs, puts you in a recovery position"
"I Don't Want to Belong to Any Club That Will Accept Me as a Member"
You're the racist it seems.
You should probably thank your lucky stars she likes you
Corporate strategy 101
There's actually a quirky restaurant near me that has these.
Nobody owns a calendar anymore
What exactly is sleazy about being in a happy relationship for 15 years and counting?
Citation needed. Sunday has been the rest day since forever
Funny you should mention Easter Christianity because I just spent new years in Romania and their rest day is Sunday with the start of the week on Mondays.
So you're saying he manipulated her to be happy... Right.
It was actually a really popular interior design trend about 3 or 4 years ago. I saw homes worth a few million being decorated like this.
Are they? They're being used as sex slaves. Being whored out to other programs just to mine data.
Yeah they completely neglected the fact that Daly can just start from scratch. Really disappointed me that the writers ignored that point.
It's just Easter eggs though. There is no shared universe. It's an anthology. By definition each story is a standalone with no implications for the other ones.
If a Boston Dynamics dog was chasing you it would run out of batteries in a few minutes. The metal head dogs somehow recharge themselves from the environment. A battery that would recharge itself like that by just shutting off for a few hours would change the fucking world in much deeper ways than hunter killer robots would. Imagine your car refueling for free while it is parked. Imagine everything just recharging itself while it is turned off. Imagine a heater that just needs to rest a little bit before it can heat your room again. That shit would be mental. It would make a completely fucked up world with completely different rules. Truth be told all the AI apocalypse scenarios casually ignore the problem of batteries and of energy in general. Yes if you assume energy in infinite the robots might take over but if there's infinite energy in every pocket then you have bigger problems than the robot uprising.
True but the characters had absolutely no way of knowing Daly would die. It was a total fluke he got trapped. So the writers really dropped the ball there.
Except they suggested with tazers. If you don't submit to the system the guards will get you. That's what they suggest. Of course then we learnt that rebellion is encouraged.
&gt;"But I don't approach it that way, any more than The Twilight Zone was set in one coherent universe. It's probably all in the same psychological universe." Clear as day: not set in one coherent universe. The Easter eggs are just Easter eggs
If only the US would have accepted the conditional surrender Japan had offered. The lives ruined by the bomb weren't worth the unconditional surrender they got since the US ended up enforcing the terms of the conditional surrender anyway.
Not really. It's all still Easter eggs
I don't get it
Doesn't the US taxation kill you? They tax overseas capital gains too.
Go away commie thieves
Thinner glasses too?
That would mean a market cap of 26.6 billion. Someone correct me if I am wrong. That would make it coin number 5 after bitcoin cash and above cardano, litecoin, iota, ripple and all. It's possible if it's just 26 billion and I didn't do the math wrong.
Yes. Unfortunately monero does not support smart contracts
Something like kick you out every 3 hours should be implemented at the firmware level. There would be no way to remotely hack that and have the device still working.
So superman is Cain?
So some sort of alien device gave him that power?
And they were all looking at him. Walk around Norway today and everyone is looking down ignoring everybody
It's not retroactive is it?
Is this to discourage the resellers and scalpers? I know some people used to live off scalping handbags.
When was that?
Actually I know a lot of real estate guys who are working on projections about this and they're estimating that self driving cars will radically increase real estate prices in the suburbs. Once the downside of a commute is gone many more people will drive up demand for suburban housing. They reckon prices will stay the same or slightly drop in city cores and increase in the suburbs.
Yet the price stays constant
Ripple and bitcoin reached those levels because they have institutional support. Raiblocks can have it but it doesn't right now.
There's actually some debate on what causes the overview effects. Maybe it's also the training and camaraderie that makes people susceptible to become more accepting to the world.
I open and close it all the time to change the light level
Who's the institutional investor that will invest in rai?
Damn I didn't know that
Now kiss
Because the whales move bitcoin. Not the users.
So what's up with that account?
Hard to get though. Where can you buy it from?
But an invitation contains details. Stuff you need to remember. Otherwise it's just the worst parts of text messaging together with the worst parts of talking in person
Extinction
So all your stuff will go to the state when you die
Forex is actual money being traded as stock so that's nothing new.
That was a smartphone back then and it had an excel app. Texting was too expensive.
Jesus christ get a grip on your kids in that case.
It doesn't actually have that much mass. It's just very spread out due to the peculiar geography
This is already a security nightmare
No kidding that looks like an amazing swimsuit. If it would be done in microfiber it would actually work as a fast drying swimsuit.
This happens in the US. In other countries it happens even more often. But they keep telling people this fear is somehow illogical.
With that range you basically cover not only white people but also south Americans, middle easterns, all the shades of Asians and a small percentage of black people. So it's a really profitable alley for companies to take. The rest of the black people need their own separate range. Remember blacks have the most diversity of any race http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/science/science-news/3326376/African-DNA-has-more-genetic-diversity.html
But isn't ryzen very power hungry?
Most Audemars Piguet are so ugly though. Is there any decent design available? I'd get a fake too if it looked good.
Pretty cool. Gold or silver?
It looks more like windows 10 to me.
It's because the federation has a particular disgust for genetic tech.
You better update us on this
Bingo. Aesthetics play a different role at that level.
Does that mean that it will have transactions in the future?
Did you find out more? I'm curious too.
I don't get it. If every account has their own blockchain what keeps me from rewriting my own blockchain?
I see. So if you don't have consensus and you're rewriting your blockchain you get kicked off the network?
I love that we can discuss the technology and clear things out. The whitepaper isn't very clear for normal people.
So where does the proof of work come in? When you forge new blocks on your own blockchain?
That makes sense. So what's the incentive for running a full node?
Ok so the validating full nodes would kick you off the network. But since there's no mining you always need to have some validating full nodes up and running to keep the proof of stake algorithm running. But once there's a light wallet in place there's no reason to have a full node running as a regular user. That's not a problem with coins that have miners because miners have the incentive to run full nodes. So what's the incentive for running a raiblocks full node? I don't want to come off as contrarian here. I genuinely want to understand the tech.
The fireplace/oven is comically oversized for the size of the house. I bet once it's warm it stays warm forever.
Ia her sternum sunken? I swear this is becoming a fashion trend. So many models have pectus excavatum.
His wife already did
100 Push-Ups 100 Sit-Ups 100 Squats 10KM Running No AC!
On the contrary. They're all driven just by the highest bidder. Hollow shells for sale.
That way you'll always elect only incompetents
You would never guess a generic house interior is in a random country. Why?
You know how I know you live in the ghetto?
Shinzon is actually artificially aged so it makes sense
Charlie broker said "absolutely not" to the shared universe theory. They're just Easter eggs they show https://youtu.be/UPFo1B81hKM
I did manage to pull out
San Francisco is much too expensive these days. Cost of living ends up beating taxation downsides
Did I miss it? Link?
Cunts probably want money
I think it's either random or they are triggers. Some Trojan or virus somewhere is reading this comments for orders. Anyone inspecting the network traffic will just see a connection to YouTube. Twitter used to be the weapon of choice for this but times are changing http://www.hardwarezone.com.my/tech-news-twitoor-new-trojan-gets-its-orders-rogue-twitter-account
Found Karin!
The stuff in black museum couldn't even be harvested. They're more like a homage. He doesn't say it's a shared universe.
Please not bitcoin cash
Answering won't hurt you. Arrogant retail employees are a pet peeve.
Jesus Christ in what ghetto do you live?
Yeah because they started clearcutting the forests of Eastern Europe.
Unless this irons them it isn't that impressive. My problem is wrinkles.
But all phones are made in China
I think most people are imagining it because they heard about the editing. If nobody would have leaked the information nobody would have noticed.
If it wasn't for Africa and South America Christianity would be dying out though. They just meant white protestant Christians are dying out...
I want them ironed or steamed. Folding doesn't solve the wrinkles.
Apparently not the one at CES but the one on their website says it does.
The engineer did approve the change though at a glance. He just said yeah ok without calculating the effects
No. Lithuanians.
Did he use any of that Disney parametric stuff? https://www.reddit.com/r/EngineeringPorn/comments/7qgrwk/colibri_motion_sculpture/dspdqqf
The world needs 90s star trek.
So when do you think it will go back up in this scenario?
Where can you find information about these futures?
Then holding hands is the equivalent of shutting up.
Honestly most of his videos are just him talking without showing us anything. He would better fit a podcast.
The population explosion is already accounting for those declines. The bad news is the drop in fertility is below projections for Africa.
It doesn't în Africa https://www.newsecuritybeat.org/2016/04/changing-narrative-fertility-decline-africa/ https://www.ageing.ox.ac.uk/blog/Is-fertility-stalling-in-sub-saharan-africa https://medium.com/migration-issues/are-africas-problems-due-to-excessive-fertility-c38a958149ec
I get around that by day trading. Such performances are not unheard of.
Jesus christ this is the standard opinion his PR team pushes. It's almost copy paste. I'm not saying you're a shill but they pretty much burned that into your brain
How many different accounts are going to post the same thing?
Except the interface is shit and every user hates it
Happy ending?
I didn't think they made a couple. They just seemed like two devastated friends sharing a moment of reflection on their ruined lives.
Can you please tell us your bad experience?
Why aren't all door handles made out of copper or brass or any other material that self sanitizes? It's not much more expensive than stainless steel which everyone uses now.
Damn that's a lot.
That's not complicated at all by modern standards
Because it is outside time. Cause and effect are fucked
Good point. I think I will do it.
What's that?
/r/gonemild
2 times over material price is not unusual for lamps honestly
Flu incubation period is a little long. You might have caught it before the flight
Wolves are known for their altruism if they are not hungry. All those raised by wolves sayings have a basis in reality
IMHO cars have never looked better than they do today
Birds are idiots. Hence the term bird brain
Because that's retarded
That's not more book keeping. That's exactly the same amount of book keeping that they're doing right now. You are just rationalizing the rather ridiculous concept of not showing tax.
If it's only one you have a point. But you can put more trucks on the road than build restaurants
I so fucking hate how the programming industry has started to hide behind jargon especially in AI. It's become standard practice in ML to duel by just shooting jargon at each other until one person says "what's that?". Then that guy loses the duel.
Garry looks about 20 at 13. Is that an actual commercial or a parody?
The risks are even greater. The bow makes no sound so you're not alerted about another hunter nearby. Just bam arrow in your ass.
They did change that name a billion times so that it would appeal to boys and girls though. They discovered that the name of the movie influences the demographic that watches it http://articles.latimes.com/2010/mar/09/business/la-fi-ct-disney9-2010mar09
That is extremely common in very high end hotels especially old world style. Servant only areas are supposed to improve efficiency
So much effort wasted on a bad script
Half of these could pass as leftists bumper stickers today.
Irthians are an unstable bunch aren't they...
What if there's no fusion yet?
Stopping the inflammation is the problem. I've become non responsive to NSAID
That Leia replacement is much better than the original it's amazing
/r/DelaiaGonzalez
True but you can actually hear the cars in some shots. He's near a big road. He could just send the goat away
Reserved is a pretty huge brand though. They made it work
Wow if that one guy hadn't turned his head and spotted it they'd all be dead
He brought a ton of exposure. CNN should have understood that.
You're joking but most do
This is going to cause a drought of investment in YouTube stars
It's not worth it. They must only run the machine a few minutes at a time not continously so another machine to pick up the patties is not cost effective. We've been able to automate stuff since the 19th century. Since the 70s we can build robots that can do any task in a factory. But robots are expensive. Much more expensive than a human that can just switch to doing something else instantly.
Wasn't it 25 million?
For him? Feck no. With him? Feck yes.
What country?
Woah at what age did you have your son?
How was the Louis ck accusation legitimate? He got consent
And fritz for chemical weapons too!
I'm not sure I trust your opinion after reading your username
That one is millions
The amnesia always makes me skeptical. If they really are manipulative then "I don't remember" is a really easy way out for them.
That thumbnail
Wow [the gif of this scene](https://img3.dmty.pl//uploads/201206/1340620887_by_LogujSie_inner.gif) was one of the most famous gifs on the internet at some point. I didn't recognize it was her.
Anything that isn't protestant isn't Christian to them. I am catholic and Americans keep telling me I'm not Christian.
Also the son of Gene Roddenberry is a figurehead on both shows.
This is what they believe https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/7toy5a/american_christian_missionary_goes_to_serbia_nis/dteq1ml
She's not supermodel looking. I mean she looks great and is very fit but supermodel is another league
Civilian companies bid a lot of money to place their shops in military bases. Even in some conflict areas
&gt;Are they so profitable? I would imagine they could just open a restaurant in a small town and they would turn in more profit. It must be profitable because they really fight over the contracts. I guess it's tax deductible or something. &gt;Also, who works there, the soldiers, or do they hire civilians? That's actually something I want to know the answer to myself.
It's actually the lines that get me not the prices. I am not staying in line for half an hour to get one drink.
Bad. Really bad.
That's actually a thing medically https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Takotsubo_cardiomyopathy
Affidavit is such a strange word. Who's David and why do we care about his affirmations?
This disease does not ruin life? Are you kidding me? It's totally ruining mine.
Capsaicin patches seem to be helping with the pain for me like no drug has. You should try them. They will hurt but it's nothing compared to the AS pain
Wait the heat causes flare ups? For me it's the reverse. Heat fixes them. Does that mean I may not have AS? I don't have any fusion but I still have been diagnosed.
Is that tablespoon or teaspoon?
Don't worry Europe will welcome them with open arms
And here you can see why Russia is so crazy expansionist. The vast majority of their land is useless.
Really not the point we were discussing here but hey keep up the whataboutism and pedantry
It is useless in the context of agriculture. That was the topic at hand.
Thor ragnarok directly contradicted this by explaining the hammer is just a focus for his power. He is the God of thunder not anybody else has the power is inside him. In the MCU Jane Thor can't exist.
Try to imagine my situation: that period where you couldn't get out of bed, couldn't drink and even lying in bed is painful? That's been my life for 16 months now. All I get is a few days relief from NSAID but then they lose their effectiveness. I can't live like this. I can't even get my dick up from all the pain.
Oh God. I commend you for being able to deal with that but I can't see myself doing that. I couldn't live like that.
Does anybody have an OLED version with true black?
[No way!](https://media.giphy.com/media/l0Iydl9zWjbLvLv6U/giphy.gif) Seriously this is pretty much standard now in R&amp;D. If you have chinese engineers they will send your secrets back home. Count on it.
Well I'd be ok with a few extra worms. Besides there are better birds that can take their place.
I'm saving that one for a different post
Agreed
&gt; Applications should be removed of anything that does not directly go to the position (age, gender, marital status, race). Yeah my company tried that. It did not go well. We ended up with a bunch of old white men chosen for all positions we were recruiting.
[You do know white people are also native to that region right?](https://i2.wp.com/whatthedoost.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/redhaired-aghan-pahuten-redhair.jpg?resize=400%2C300)
This is what happened exclusively in america around 10-15 years ago. Now it's rare.
And it made so little sense. How can a planet have a ceiling?
&gt; Shi-tomasi This is great for detecting my object feature. Thanks! &gt;LSD-SLAM I mean I love the output but it seems to just use SURF and SIFT features from frame to frame. Since I already do SLAM I might as well implement my own SURF SIFT matcher between two frames and compute the real world vectors between them. I mean this makes sense in my head but I'm probably wrong... What am I missing? It seems SIFT is patented so ORB?
Their engineering isn't good anymore either.
Albania join the EU? Are you freaking kidding me? That's wild country. Until they get the clan violence under control they have no business joining the EU.
Something like a union of slavs maybe... like union of south-slavs...
I think the propaganda aspects of this film deserve their own /r/movies post.
It might have been an error. The shipper mixed up the billing and shipping address and instead of triangulation it went straight to you.
That's a very interesting attack vector but that assumes the package was intercepted. In a triangulation fraud the fraudster never touches the product so it won't be traced to tehm.
&gt;They may know of a flaw in the reporting system for stolen credit cards where buying lots of things makes it appear as though there was a card error instead of malicious behaviour. Actually that might be true. If the scammer takes in say $200 but the card is used to order $1000 of products the automated card fraud detection system might not be able to put two and two together. If they fly under the radar of the automated systems then they can operate a lot longer.
That's a very good idea. They make the orders mismatch in value so the automated fraud detectors can't match the two transactions.
It very well might have been this type of scam. You effectively laundered the money for the scammer and somebody with a card paid for 15 jars of nescafe.
That's likely sales commission fraud. Scammer gets paid 10% commission by the phone case manufacturer. Scammer hacks your account. Your account orders the cases. You pay the money to the manufacturer. Manufacturer pays the commission to the scammer. If you return the cases the manufacturer takes the loss because they already paid the commission for the sale. It's unlikely anyone would risk package interception for phone cases.
So you're saying the anonymous "old guy" is actually the fraudster? It's plausible but then he asks for 100 chargebacks it's a red flag.
Why initiate the chargeback at all? The identity isn't yours anyway.
2010 humor
The point isn't that you deserve it. It's that your back pain could lead to something else. It's a butterfly effect.
That's a much better way to say it.
They're just afraid of being sued. This fear will just allow a competitor to appear.
Call bullshit to this https://www.reddit.com/r/ChronicPain/comments/el2tpu/every_single_fucking_day/fdg5hqm/
China makes a ton of films. Just google "tencent pictures films" and marvel at the horror.
Who exactly would stand up to the USA if it outright bombed Iranian cities? I'm no jingoist but realpolitik they could turn the entirety of Iran to glass and nobody would do anything about it. Sure you'll see a lot of sternly worded letters but no real action.
By that logic organic eggs are vegan because they get layed anyway.
I'd say this is even better than the Tesla due to more safety features. The disengage is better than the Tesla and you don't need to fight the system.
That's nonsense. You are not going to get a work visa if you apply to work for a company that's not in the country you're applying to go to. You literally won't be able to apply and you won't be able to pay taxes on income since you're not a resident and the company is in another country. You're not competing with anyone on any visa. City tax is exactly intended to compensate for that. That's why there's a different city tax for people coming to do business vs people who come for tourism. Reminder: you can explicitly do business on a tourist visa. They're equivalent in most places. A work visa is explicitly for workers that work for a local company. End of story.
I'd read the fine print. Nowhere in the official documents do they claim that. Sure they've hinted at that verbally but not legally.
Yet if you ask about Tesla everyone is like "Oh yah they'll deploy their taxi fleet next year!11"
The production value is very inconsistent. Some episodes are amazing while others have the production values of Kevin Sorbo's Hercules (the dragon episode or the genie episode to name just two). They either ran out of time-budget or couldn't keep a consistent team throughout the production. Also, at times, some of the outfits are simply ridiculous even for the main characters. That's probably why they changed the costumes direction for season 2.
This is really just a pre-planned demo. Fancy animatronics. There's no cooking intelligence behind it.
This is false. Sand for glass is abundant. Sand for construction is a scarce resource. Get your facts straight.
Controversial or not families with 3 kids need to stop. Just stop. No ifs or buts. STOP. Nobody on this earth needs more than 2 kids and 3 is already too much.
Oh that's true but you have to remember a ton of people have trouble keeping abstract concepts in their mind. Remembering the "state" of a wire or a button is just something a lot of people can't do. That's why so many people have trouble with remote controls. You suck at hand-eye coordination, they suck at state coordination.
What's even more mind boggling is how those people don't do much. A city of 10 million in china has the cultural output of a city of 100k in other parts of the world. In China they go to work and sleep. Doing anything else is the exception.
Nothing in that title fills me with confidence. In fact every extra set of words just fills me with dread. I prefer something like open-pilot where they control the hardware stack.
Turns out it was communism all along!
Look at the map. It'll clearly absorb the Balkans. A real big brain move would be to accept Georgia into the EU.
How about converting a fullface snorkeling mask to a flu mask? Right now in Asia it's crazy. People wearing bags on their heads and swimming goggles. A few filters and they snorkeling mask should allow to use your face normally without causing trouble.
The problem with these kinds of polls is that they're self-reported. People in Bulgaria might say they didn't use the internet not realizing whatsapp or email is using the internet while people in france might say "Of course we use the "internet". I have a phone don't I?" Average people still don't know what "the internet" is.
What's the purpose of this joint account? Frankly joint accounts in the EU are kind of a relic and they have nasty liability implications. There are better fintech alternatives today.
