She's lovely!
Or strawberries. Or breakfast cereal. Player probably got caught eating The Breakfast Club at Pig Ate My Pizza.
/r/UnexpectedGoodPlace
/r/CFB and /r/fantasyfootball use this meme waaaaayyy more often
FedEx Smart Post uses USPS to do the actual delivery. They once tried to claim my package was delivered on a Sunday, when USPS is closed. Fuck FedEx
Fuck 👏the👏bunnies👏
The debate isn't whether or not Hart has a legal right to say offensive things. No one is advocating jailing Kevin Hart. That being said, I disagree that it's socially acceptable to say homophobic things, and I think Kevin is receiving the just consequences of his act of speech.
I love everything about this space. Saving for future inspiration!
Go Dawgs!
At the same damn time. He still smooth AF
Dr. James Calhoun, has an office off 5 points
It's never your successful friends who brag about how their parents used to physically discipline them.
Recognizing their humanity
https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackPeopleTwitter/comments/aaahpm/probably_closer_to_95
In my case I see the ruination of my diet
I had the pleasure of serving at the Food Bank of Northeast Athens. The Richts' support allowed them to add a massive freezer and doubled the storage space. They really enriched the community, and Athens should be proud to claim him.
Hahahahahaha "panel who hate you" actually in truth it's more like a panel that is generally disinterested in you and doesn't think enough of you to hate you.
When I moved to the South, no one believed me that you could buy liquor in the grocery store. I thought I was losing my marbles. Now I'm back in the Midwest and it trips me out to see hard alcohol next to the bottled water at Meijer
Y'all are so young that I don't recognize half these damn shows 😤
It's shorter to say I recognize the S tier and some of the B tier.
Hadley 😍
It's really well done but painful to watch. Scarier than any horror film because you know this such a common occurrence
I never thought I'd live to see NPR as "mainstream media" and therefore untrustworthy
Because your college football program is so comparable to Texas' 🙄
Is there any newspaper that doesn't publish garbage? I would love to subscribe to a paper but I cringe at NYT and WaPo.
That's what I thought too, but now that I have a doctorate it just comes off douchey to introduce myself as Dr or to insist on the title. Might be because I spend all day surrounded by PhDs. Only person who calls me Dr is my dental hygienist because she knows it gives me a thrill. Bless her
Does clout count as capital? 🤔
Unfortunately they don't have the same fear of "tariff"
Frankly it's the character trying to take over the actor's life. Pretty on-brand for Dennis
Is it a cult if it's not me that compares Booker to Jesus? I mean I just nod along, but I don't say it aloud myself
I like this take, because it confirms my priors regarding Clemson and copying people ( *coughs* Auburn with a lake *coughs* )
Cheating is abuse. Dressing it up as a fairy tale to assuage your conscience doesn't make it okay. Take from my favorite, [Chump Lady](https://www.chumplady.com/2019/06/ubt-the-burger-flipping-love-that-dare-not-speak-its-name/) &gt;&gt; Over the next four weeks, as we tried to figure how to do what we were going to do, my psyche and conscience screamed at me. Married men never leave their wives, &gt;Actually, if you had a conscience, it would scream: DON’T FUCK MARRIED PEOPLE. &gt;&gt;It’s a quiet kind of contentment that arises from a relationship in which both partners are at peace with one another. And because of that, it’s sustainable and expansive, big enough to wrap around the kids who, to their credit, were able to see their parents’ unhappiness together and their father’s happiness with me and take things largely in stride. &gt;It’s a quiet kind of contentment that requires a flabbergastingly narcissistic essay in the Huffington Post. **To the kid’s credit, they take me publicly vilifying their mother largely in stride.** And the whole part about secretly fucking their dad while he was married to their mom, and they were all on vacation, and came home, and he abandoned them? # peace # expansivewrapofdysfunction # psychoburrito Emphasis mine
Although of the options: 1. Stay together for kids 2. Separate/divorce but co-parent 3. Stay, cheat, and finally leave as soon as they come back from vacation It's pretty dumb to claim that option 3 is better than option 1, and no one can claim that 3 &gt; 2
Or when they find a feeeeeemale who will back up their misogynistic viewpoint, as if the sub's behavior is A-OK if the "cool girl" says it doesn't offend her (or God forbid she is a major perpetrator herself).
Spit 👏 doesn't 👏 count 👏 as 👏 lubricant 👏
We got zoomers in the thread. They gotta learn to come correct!
In my experience zoomers exit in droves if you announce that there will be no attendance or clicker points for the day
&gt;sub for group therapy than goodfaith discussion Why am I being attacked like this? Not everyone has therapy covered in their health plans. Gotta shit post with y'all so I don't get fired for saying it to my coworkers
I didn't know stats_astronaut but it does tickle me to see this [Science post](https://www.np.reddit.com/r/science/comments/bwwid5/honeybees_can_grasp_the_concept_of_numerical)
Y do u hate Waffle House?
That's a shame, they are so cute! I would co-sign a preference that's along the lines of "Poorly behaved pets are a result of lack of proper training and discipline on the part of the owner, and that type of irresponsible behavior is an absolute deal breaker" Even small, supposedly sweet breeds can be terrors if the person who adopts them is a lazy shit. It's not cute when the dog has separation anxiety and aggression issues.
In another comment that guy said: &gt;I’m just saying that you take someone who’s not a good person, been given everything and treated like a king because he’s good at football, leads to a somewhat dangerous situation So yeah he kind of is providing excuses. Of course it's not the individual at fault, it's the dangerous circumstances /s
From the [AVMA's review of the evidence](https://www.avma.org/KB/Resources/LiteratureReviews/Pages/The-Role-of-Breed-in-Dog-Bite-Risk-and-Prevention.aspx): &gt;Owners of pit bull-type dogs deal with a strong breed stigma,[44](https://www.avma.org/KB/Resources/LiteratureReviews/Pages/The-Role-of-Breed-in-Dog-Bite-Risk-and-Prevention.aspx#references) however controlled studies have not identified this breed group as disproportionately dangerous. One of their conclusions: &gt;Given that breed is a poor sole predictor of aggressiveness and pit bull-type dogs are not implicated in controlled studies it is difficult to support the targeting of this breed as a basis for dog bite prevention. If breeds are to be targeted a cluster of large breeds would be implicated including the German shepherd and shepherd crosses and other breeds that vary by location **On the other hand** I definitely do not think you should date someone who has a breed of dog or any type of pet that makes you uncomfortable. Ultimately your opinion is the one that matters
This is an extreme reaction. Is Automod actually Lord Maximus Farquaad?
♥️♥️ loved the quote, thank you for sharing your story
They do around Toledo and Cincy. But when I was driving south on I29 to move to Georgia, my first clue that I was in the south was the explosion of Drury Inns and Waffle Houses. Up near Iowa they weren't common
I don't have enough experience to suggest an explanation, but if you read case studies of the counseling of violent domestic abusers (of any gender or sexual persuasion), the underlying characteristic is a sense of entitlement. The scary part is the tendency for bystanders to buy into the abuser's excuses that cover the sense of entitlement. Ultimately the narrative of trying to explain what made someone abusive allows the abuser to never have to confront the underlying problem. Folks that share some of those tendencies are most likely to couch the behavior in qualifiers. So I don't think it matters WHERE the entitlement mentality comes from. The abuser has to admit it exists
These mofos can't go 24 hours without a good schism
I'll donate to his campaign if he does an AMA. I don't have questions per se but I'm salty about the Messam media blackout
Okay well I was expecting this to be a Beto sub
Like they didn't even bleep it? UK crazy
Banana republic factory $25 D7K7XCDZTX33
I find it funny despite Zoey. I don't care for her aesthetic or comedic delivery
Cool, lemme go commit some crimes and then run for president. This is the perfect Michael Scott style plan
Whispers your mind when you've had too many edibles
It's not like congressional Democrats are in the position to prosecute him for state or federal crimes. The decision to prosecute later (impeachment or not) is a political decision on the part of state and US attorneys general. It's not the same group making the decisions to impeach or not and prosecute or not.
[Don Cheadle's response](https://youtu.be/TwJaELXadKo)
But how else will I feel like a manly man if I don't commute 2 hours/10 ATL blocks to my desk job every day in the biggest gas-guzzling truck I can find?
[Atlanta commuters](https://twitter.com/SECfootball/status/949647515300724737?s=09)
So is there anything tourist-y worth doing in Reston or should I just head straight to DC? Trying to play hooky on a tight conference schedule
I think it's legitimately good, but it's quality is especially noticeable because of the GoT garbage finale season.
Lol we just need the CFP to criticize the AL abortion law and Bama will bow out of their inevitable (and sometimes unearned) playoff spot
The article doesn't say, but I blame the Jags for letting Blake Bortles go
The baton has been passed #FASA2054
I'm allergic to soy, but I'll chug antihistamines before I munch on bugs
Honestly I forget y'all are in the SEC until basketball comes around
Disingenuous for sure. Given the length of her career and the frequency of her nationally syndicated columns, we can safely say she is not naively unaware of the GOP attacks of funding and availability of birth control and the GOP-backed push for abstinence-only education. This shit is just spin to steer the conversation away from the issue at hand
What if I &gt;!fucked a polar bear!&lt;?
Hoosiers haven't been relevant since 1986 send tweet
Me, a chemist: aw fuck what'd they do to turn it purple?!
By God he's so fucking incompetent
Jon Oliver's Dog Supreme Court bit just became more accurate
Don't? If it's not something they share with you, I can't fathom why you'd need to know
Fuck you Xfinity
My dad had an orange FIAT convertible back in the day. We still make fun of him and it's been damn near 50 years
Those 4 senators are all pretty much carbon copies of each other anyway. SD would have been better off keeping one Tom Daschle rather than Crypt Keeper Beto and Michael Scott Sr
Lakota but only because I grew up in South Dakota
Fuuuckkkk 😭
Alabama used to be part of the Georgia territory and I refuse to allow the merger to go the other way. Alabama must be abolished. Give lower Alabama back to the panhandle folks
Aww love! I'm gonna go rewatch right now!
Horrible dystopian children's bedtime story
Anyone who's ever said that NoVA isn't the South can march on over here and explain this damn humidity to me. Good God!
It's kinda expensive too. Like $8k
Just some Bernie math
Some car buying guide. Guess I should have fact checked
Apothecary?
Soon a hero in the East shall rise. The Atlanta Hawks will complete their strategic retooling and save the NBA from [Evil Squads](https://youtu.be/GM0IB-1xJ8s) #Trust in Travis Schlenk
Honestly it depends on your hair color and skin tone. And what you mean by tan. Are we talking khaki, camel, or something darker?
Yaaassss! I lurk in the sub (and on the groupme back in the day). I think I'm ready to commit to an IceTrae coffee mug. Gotta rep in the lab
The wife between us by Hendricks and pekkanen
At a conference in a series of symposia about education. Oh wait nevermind the fine print says "complain about the administration at your college/uni and never actually discuss learning goals, assessment, or anything remotely about education" So much personal empiricism!
Only?
No thanks, I've had enough of cheating creeps as presidents
I think I'm too used to being alone. I don't feel lonely, but I can tell I'm standoffish and that makes networking hard
Yeah it was a bar/restaurant in Athens that closed down after Chef got hit with possession of cocaine charges
This is why I say y'all. People can judge me but at least I'm being gender neutral
Hol up wayment
I am quite tipsy, yet I still feel nothing. Is this a circle of hell?
Ug, no, a degree in physics doesn't mean you are qualified to teach policy or environmental law. Freaking stem lord
Do I wanna know what KAG stands for?
Love it when leftists stump for Trump
Put 👏a 👏 physicist👏in👏charge👏 of👏the👏 Department 👏of 👏Energy👏
You mean the Parthenon marbles?
A
Sounds like shitty reporting
Are we talking drastic hair cut or vasectomy?
We want Wayne Messam!
Of those too three, how would you distribute them? Biden v Bernie and Liz in the other? Bernie v Liz and Biden in the other? Liz v Biden and Bernie in the other?
Similarly, father's day ads are incredibly unhelpful. My dad is in his 70s, anti-technology, obsessed with fashion but like awful 1960s stuffy country club, and has no hobbies. The man hates golf with a passion. I'm not sure he knows the difference between a Phillips head and a flat head screwdriver (thank God my mom loves power tools). We pretty much just buy him wool socks and umbrellas. If you buy him exact replicas of his clothes he will just return them. Literally the worst
Toddlers are post-wall hags. They only care about nubile fetuses
My father's biggest interest is micromanaging the lives of his four children. Plants don't give him the response to verbal and emotional abuse that he's looking for.
Clearly beauty is relative and the widespread introduction of Excel was a mistake
You don't need to memorize if you understand why a reaction happens (electrostatic attraction between an electron-rich region and an electron-deficient region) and how (movement of electron pairs).
/r/ATL?
I was literally about to ask. Because it'll hurt my feelings if you think my favorite candidates are memes.
I'm sorry ♥️ How old are your siblings?
Good as fuck
Excellent list, thank you. Also, excuse you, Messam has at least two shills but I love Cory too much to split my flair.
🎶 It's Guy Love.. between two guyssssss🎶
🦀 in a bucket
This but 8 mile rap battle style
Whoever designed DTW was not playing with a full deck of cards. You have to go outside and take a shuttle to go from the United side to the Delta side. Or so I assume based on the signs directing you outside, I see no evidence of this stupid shuttle
But does it work tho
[Approximation](https://www.pinterest.com/pin/165225880059298698/)
🖕🌮
Literally on my phone and watching HBO at the same time right now
Wait I thought Dan was allergic to dogs
Because I don't have any balls
[Whew](https://images.app.goo.gl/bs4XmygGTrHAKsai7) 😍
&gt;Saying you're categorically not attracted to an entire race is bad. I thought only white supremacists and their conservative enablers thought this was a hot take. Am I that out of touch?
I blame participating in Bravo live watch threads on Reddit. I need to shit post to enjoy television now
Geez I live in a bubble. Or maybe nobody dares to say that shit aloud to me. Either way, great post
Ugh I refuse to celebrate Flag Day until they combine the Dakotas and give DC its own star
Beard = scruff = shaven &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; any form of weird soul patch or chin patch
Did you behave respectfully?
Good peeperoni. It's the question that I'd ask my ex when he went to strip clubs without me. Most important is showing respect for the performers
I didn't know that murderer was a redditor!
I like this even though it leaves me disenfranchised amongst all these youngins
Beer festival with &lt;= 10 drink tickets is a great idea Beer fest &gt; 10 drink tickets and beer fest is a terrible idea
Less of a prank show and more of a "how to catch a predator"
You emailed a Russian operative saying "great! I want to own the libs. Tell me what to do" how does that not sound like treason to you?
Being in a bad place mentally so you shoot up an elementary school? That thought process is just so hard to fathom
Feeling frisky, just wanna go to Lips and have a good time
Thank you for the nightmares
I hear it in my dreams sometimes, even if it's been almost two decades since I heard it or played the game
AIM boards but then MSN messenger was huge right before Facebook. Probably right about the time of MySpace. I'd spend a lot of time coming up with the perfect status to let classmates know I was cool yet unavailable. Also, we used Expages to make personal websites. Run around taking patches of HTML from how-to sites. And those stupid dolls we'd post and collect. They were primitive bitmojis
Yes but then you need patience to cook basmati properly
He's clearly the inspiration for Mike McLintock on VEEP
[Wheeww miss me with all that work](https://i.imgflip.com/2hbr8w.jpg)
Eventually the tears dry and your sense of taste and smell return
AKA how far are you willing to drive for sex? As a former r*ral, ain't nobody hot/charming/sexy enough to make a two hour drive worth it. I did 1.5 in a couple cases, including for a 3 year relationship, and I still don't think it was worth it
Ugh, I can understand that frustration. There's nobody in my acceptable age range around this small city. And I've never considered if my range would change with reliable public transportation, but honestly a train ride longer than an hour would make me question my attraction. Like I can barely muster up excitement as it is, I don't need a commute
Well I'm currently single and supremely unmotivated to change that. Having to travel far to meet/date someone is a non-starter.
This but an African soul food restaurant where I can get jollof rice
More like eWeee domestic violence (In reference to the tweet in which she describes situations her husband has deemed it acceptable to beat her with a belt)
Is there a Troll X but without commies? Like TraaButNoCommies
Glad you're okay!
Also the crunchy crowd are super suspicious of deodorants and antiperspirants that contain aluminum. My aunt told me that my mother's use of such deodorants along with my "difficult birth" is the reason I suffer from social anxiety and sweaty hands. Okay sure, none of that is true 😒🙄
Wow I can't believe you've done this. I went through all that to be called Ms?
They'll tell you if they don't know you well enough to write a letter of rec
It's a pretty shite apology if it's made on the condition that the offender is forgiven.
Biden got that warriors mentality. Bout to blow a 39% lead in the polls
When you time travel back to the 90s and criticize the dresses my mom made for my sister and I
Post traumatic stress Tikka masala?
Imagine paying for sports channels instead of using CFB and NFL stream subreddits
[Is fuck the police](https://twitter.com/mtracey/status/1140620123197362178) an offensive statement? Doesn't seem like a good comparison to racist slurs
&gt;ranch Mayos eating mayo 🤢
&gt;Report for involuntary pornography ☑️
What if I wanna do the emoji sarcastically? I feel like my face is not expressive enough for nuanced emojis
Never ending bowl of pho.. can't execute until I'm done
Nickname Budgie?
David Brooks, self-proclaimed expert of morality, [used his column to publicly shame his wife into divorce after he cheated:](https://www.chumplady.com/2019/04/david-brooks-can-bite-me/) &gt;&gt;The person being left has to grant the leaver the dignity of her own mind, has to respect her ability to make her own choices about how to live and whom to be close to (except in the most highly unusual circumstances). The person being left has to suppress vindictive flashes of resentment and be motivated by a steady wish for the other person’s ultimate good. Without accepting the idea that she deserved to be left, the person being left has to act in a way worthy of her best nature, to continue the sacrificial love that the leaver may not deserve and may never learn about &gt;It’s not enough that I’m leaving you for my much younger research assistant, I will now dictate to you from the pages of the New York Fucking Times exactly how you should feel about it, the deference to which you must treat my decision, and demand a “steady wish” for my continued good. &gt;I will shame you with an appeal to continue “sacrificial love” for me. Because I have no shame. &gt;&gt;That means not calling when you are not wanted. Not pleading for more intimacy or doing the other embarrassing things that wine, late nights and instant communications make possible. &gt;I, the Great and Noble David Brooks, foremost expert on Character will now publicly humiliate my wife of 28 years by dissing her pick-me dance. You LOST, Sarah. Do not drunk text me with booty calls. You are NOT WANTED. &gt;Who will rid me of this meddlesome wife? \#imissbeheadings \#makedivorcegreatagain #DavidBrooksCanFuckRightOff
😍☺️ I love accountants!
&gt;&gt;likes driving Toxic car culture
This is why I got a Google voice number with a local area code when I was in grad school. I don't wanna explain where I'm from
Fuck yeah I want Cory to wish me a happy birthday. That's a dangerous offer because I would probably subscribe to a lot of stupid stuff to get that
Until I realized that there was no consequences, I would message moderators to apologize if I participated in those threads. To my knowledge I have only been banned once for that. Wish I had known there was no way of discerning that without my confession
I mean I'm not crazy about Calvin peeing on things but it's an okay cartoon
When my boss (and brown nosing colleague) quotes Gladwell to me I smile uncomfortably, like do you think this counts as evidence?
Well if you're not providing artisanal, locally-sourced abortions funded entirely through the federal government then you're pretty much a corporate healthcare shill
Depending on how the World's Largest Outdoor Cocktail Party goes, Jacksonville might be convenient
Any candidates willing to abolish time zones and daylight savings? I would totally be into that
Fuck, am I Yang Gang now?
I'm (happily) unaware of who Bella is (although I did read on SRD about the hack) and IDC what Whoopi said and how Bella reacted but your analogy isn't far off from: iF yOu DiDnT wAnT tO gEt RaPeD yOu ShOuLdNt HaVe DrEsSeD LiKe tHaT Sucky take. Maybe we should blame the piece of shit hacker who stole her property and tried to use it to blackmail her. Y'know, the actual criminal
That's a pretty culturally narrow view
I'm responding to you. Your statements are blaming her for someone's crime against her.
The graphics editor for this journal can feel free to join me on the debate stage so I can demolish them. Just publish my fucking figures man
I work at a B1G school that isn't Iowa, but I still have my Hawkeye football mousepad in quiet protest. It's the same mousepad my grandpa used to use in his office, and he was a crazy Iowa fan of some local notoriety. (Like, they decorated their house in black and gold and we almost buried my grandma with her life-sized cardboard cutout of Hayden Frye) Unfortunately when I go to conferences and people see my employer on the name badge they wanna do the school's cheer but all I can say is GO HAWKS
I propose a cap-and-trade bill for hot take emissions. Political subreddits in the lead up to this election cycle are disproportionately emitting
Why Mark Cuban?
I think the NY Times column phrased the point well, and although Beto is the face used in the criticism that doesn't mean it's just about Beto. Maybe it's an impossible question to answer succinctly, but these portions stand out to me: &gt;A candidate declaring that his wife is his hero has the unintended consequence of making it look like the person he admires most is the person who makes his own life easier, by handling the drudgery that his important dream requires. &gt;none of the male candidates had anything to say about women they admired for their leadership, intelligence or political acumen. It sounds like Amy is awesome in her own right. It would have been more powerful if Beto had taken the time to explain in greater detail. He described his family (wife, kids, parents) as giving and courageous, but these are people we don't know personally. I don't know what he considers courageous when talking about non-celebrity, non-public figures. The only reason I don't engage in this argument about the other candidates who answered "my wife" is because I don't remember their names nor am I that interested in them.
&gt;I hate this kind of feminism tbh. How is any of this significant? Why is any of this a problem? Why are we even talking about this? I took the effort to point out the parts of the column that I thought were valid. I added to it, explaining what I think was missing from his answer and why I thought that was important. There's no good response to your comment. Clearly I will not convince you. You just want to shame me into being quiet by painting me as a "problematic feminist". I shared my opinion respectfully. If you do not like it, feel free to downvote instead of responding with "omg who cares"
I mean how do you not constantly fight about this issue? Mindboggling
How big a field do the 6 year olds play on where you're at? I coached a under-6 team last year and the field was massive (as was the number of kids on my team) and the league expected me to teach them the positions, including goal keeper. They're 6! They don't get the nuance of "don't touch the ball with your hands except goal keeper and throw ins"
My favorite is Sioux City sasparilla. I get a huge thrill if I see some in a store.
Yikes! Yeah I've been a ref for ages u-6 to high school, and parents are always the worst. I had a bad time because I was a young woman, and the aggressive parents saw that as a weakness they could exploit. One of the stupidest things I saw as a ref was in a u-10 game where the coach (an adoptive father of one of the little boys) was screaming AT HIS KID with swear words and personal insults about his own child. He wouldn't leave when I ejected him, so I ended the game and reported him to the league. The thing I liked about that previous league is that u-6 was 3v3 on a tiny field with no goal keeper and no throw-ins. Throw-ins weren't introduced until u-10. I think that slow introduction of bigger teams and most nuanced rules as they get older is better. As a coach I'd rather deal with three 6 year olds instead of 8.
What's the plan for waste from the manufacture of solar panels, not to mention the panels themselves when they live out their lifespan?
The mods pushed the time out button because we were being bad
I'd swear with one hand on a Bible to appease the cons and one hand on Catch-22 because I love that book
I haven't yet but I just signed up for Hulu yesterday and it's on my must-watch list!
I feel you. Never quite bought the Daredevil hype.
Ewwwwwwwww 🤢
Well I just learned that McGill is a university and not a company as I previously thought
My man!
Jim Gaffigan is such a piece of human trash
🎉🎉🎉 congratulations!!!
TITS
Idk what they were thinking allowing that photo at their store. Now they're pretty much Cracker Barrel
Took a group theory grad class and Cotton's textbook would pretty much stop mid-way through every derivation with a phrase like "and you can see where this is going." Fuck you, Cotton! No, I cannot figure out the next 12 steps. The beneficial part was when the Prof put it altogether and sketched out a qualitative description of MO theory and the spectroscopic use. [Had me like](https://giphy.com/gifs/DowKEtWnLZcru)
Grand Rapids traffic is pretty spooky
Anyone in education research: Nah, not a good measure
&gt;If I want something quick and dirty, I go R. Well, this most accurately describes my sexual preferences
Not if you cross your fingers behind your back
Is this about that creepy journalist?
I was [thinking of this incident](https://twitter.com/itsa_talia/status/1124948284785688576?s=09) but it's not an exact pasta Predatory fuckwits are everywhere
Wow, even Wayne?!
My brother had to pay a realtor in Boston to rent an apartment. Cities can be so crazy
I only recognize like 7 of those people
I really liked his work solving that train murder. Neato
[Potential automod reply](https://i.redd.it/mobso469op531.jpg) to future Biden gaffes? Credit to /r/accidentalrockwell
*raises hand* Dad's a neo-luddite but honestly growing up in South Dakota did not help with staying in-touch with culture. SD is always a minimum of 7 years behind culturally
I managed to smack my head Bernie-style on my front door, and the lump won't go away. It's been like two days!
I mean this is a pretty wholesome outcome for state-sanctioned child labor.
Once went on a couple dates with a 2L. He had a lot of weird quirks (just because you like to work out and eat keto doesn't mean I won't eat this entire breadbasket) that I tolerated. By the third date, I ended it early when he said his favorite SCJ was Thomas. 🤮
I would take R over MATLAB easy. In my experience, R &gt;&gt; Matlab &gt; Mathematica
I wish Nancy was my mom 😞
Top 3 favorite podcasts? Mine: 1. Reveal 2. Code Switch 3. Ear Hustle
Is this the auditory equivalent of a hate fuck or something? I've actually never listened, but I get the sense from y'all that I wouldn't like the socialism bro tone
Gender minorities is cis/trans/agender/NB not male/female
😍🥰
Ooh that last one sounds intriguing
I saw it after I hit enter but too tired to change it.
Good heads up, I'll give them a shot and see if the content makes up for lack of woke. I love bingeing on books, like some people do Netflix. I'm definitely putting these on my to-listen list.
A CLPeeper of esteemed taste
I mean, my Michigander colleagues brought several types of salad to the cookout last year, and nary a lettuce leaf in the lot
&gt;proognyjat Did you get a little bit of Flemish in your throat? Idk what that is but it looks like the earlier Flemish-posting
Love it, thank you Taylor!
I'm a Rams fan stuck in this endless state of precipitation. I just find Packers fans ridiculously annoying
I think "Mediocre Odysseus" has a nice ring to it
I literally can't get them to work. It's a huge source of embarrassment She's a huge Apple fan. Our whole office is decked out, but I gave away the big Mac computer because I prefer my PC laptop. But if she wants me to make videos on a MacBook, I'll suck it up. Idk what video software people prefer.
Me too. I'm sorry 😔
💦💸
My mom has a Twitter, but she'll "retweet" stuff to me by emailing me a link. Like won't even text it My dad shitposts by writing letters to the editor of the local newspaper.
Or Schwarzenegger
Even when I lived in GA I never thought of Miss State as MSU... Then again, I rarely had a reason to think of Miss State
&gt;Later that year, Knepper and two other officers, according to [local news reports](https://www.indystar.com/story/opinion/columnists/suzette-hackney/2016/10/01/hackney-police-taunted-endangered-disabled-man/91342626/) at the time, forced Jonathan Ferguson, a 7-Eleven employee with learning disabilities, to swallow cinnamon on camera in retaliation for a complaint the clerk filed against the officers for declining to go after an alleged drunk driver. &gt;Swallowing the cinnamon caused Ferguson to become ill and vomit for several hours, according to the news reports. Knepper and the other officers later posted the video on YouTube How the fuck do you not fire this guy?! He posted the video evidence! This sociopath has been in so many controversies AND he ignored protocol and drove the latest shooting victim to the hospital. Honestly, buttigieg has no business being in politics with the shitty job he's done with SB police. The statements he made in the article are meaningless fluff because they don't have concrete action items and are full of vague regrets
[Link to crappy live feed if anyone is curious](https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=646776159123137&amp;id=34875345170) I watched for like 10 minutes but it's mostly angry residents and the moderator trying to calm everyone down. If mayor Pete has said anything in response to individual questions, I didn't hear it
If any politicians wanted concrete action items for police reform, [Julian Castro has a plan](https://www.julianforthefuture.com/news-events/people-first-policing/)
[Good take](https://twitter.com/ItsdivaD/status/1142898021375496192?s=09)
Yes! Thank you for sharing this. That's how I felt about Biden's comments.
😤 SPACE 👏MOTHERFUCKING👏JAM👏 Also some would argue Field of Dreams but I hate baseball so won't be me
[Outstand moral example](https://twitter.com/a_cagle_/status/1142389445028659200?s=20) for her kids
I mean Serial season 3 was good and infuriating at the same time. It covered Cleveland though
Isn't that the Board to which he appoints the members? Does he have the power to remove them?
I guess I'm not impressed if the best defense he has is "I don't have that much power over these matters." I get that there is state-specific laws that may limit what he can personally do, but then what am I to take away from his tenure as mayor? That he's good at filling pot holes?
I don't mean to make you the face of his campaign. I appreciate your position. I'm just spitballing some questions that I would want answered if I was thinking of supporting him. So of his reforms, what have been some measurable outcomes? Has he been successful in any meaningful sense? Has the sensitivity training had an effect on problematic officers such as Knepper? If it's up to the Board to fire officers, what goes into their decision? What will he do if he feels that they aren't doing their job? Can he replace them? Based on what he's learned, how would he scale up any of the reforms he's enacted to a larger scale? Are these reforms really getting at the heart of the problem? What would he do to address the underlying problem if he were elected mayor for another term?
Feeling super lazy and just realized my apartment building is not friendly to mobility issues. Even apartments on the main level gotta go up a short flight of stairs
Don't tell me what to do! *Wiggles*
That's what I like to point out to my colleagues and siblings. We all have one or more degrees. We will be able to pay off any debt within the standard repayment period. The people who don't have access are the focus. The people who have been defrauded are the focus. I'm even concerned about people who started school and took out loans, but dropped out and live well below the federal poverty line; they'll never pay it back and never benefit from the few semesters they may have completed.
Also, please don't kid yourself into going to a school with a really yearly bill of $20k or more. Unless you're going to an Ivy, no one cares *where* you went to undergrad. Kids would come to my previous institution and pay out of state tuition just because there was a good football team and they "wanted the full college experience." Okay well will be very expensive
For real my student loan average interest rate is 5.5% but my credit card debt is 26% 🤤😬
[I knew Cory was my man](https://twitter.com/muddymudskipper/status/1107765858590474246?s=09)
Aight respect the flair for drama
🐑 🐑🐑 🐑🐑🐑
I literally can't turn my brain off. I wonder where the idea of counting sheep to fall asleep came from
Oh shit! No subtweet, I'm over here counting sheep because I cannot sleep for the second night in a row
Or alpha because TRP is a quarantined subreddit?
Ty Lucas 🙂
Yeah! Abolish time zones! Universal standard Time!
[Wow, this betrayal is heart breaking ghosty](https://media1.tenor.com/images/cc6e8ba2864e2d63dc8259df37e484a2/tenor.gif?itemid=9605268) 😟😢
Exactly I get enough of this garbage at work, I don't wanna go home and have that be my entertainment. I seriously 👀 people who do
Do you live in Michigan because we literally had this discussion today about how winter is around the corner now that we've passed the summer solstice
NBA &gt; MLB Baseball fans just stay home lol
Well, that's genuinely the first time I've ever heard that opinion
&gt;I like his style, his honesty. I feel he's too emotional though \#CoryBooker 😨😧😓 C'mon, we literally have the world's biggest snowflake in the job right now
&gt;Hillary Clinton is coming back for 2020. Mark my words she will be back and take the nomination to save the party. Just in time. Lol CLP in a nutshell
♥️❤️🧡💛💚💙💜 Loved that episode
🤖 Automod is now sentient and sick of this primary shit
If I say chili will start restart the schism? I missed out earlier
If a squash can make you smile
Not if you don't like Boston sports teams
Some of my best friends and closely-related family members have horrible views. I try to set boundaries, but I don't feel capable of cutting them completely
Frankly I'm surprised a Trump supporter would even leave a tip that isn't "just pull yourself up by the bootstraps lol"
Lol just do your analysis in R
My big cat just flips the slow-feed bowl over. The little cat waits for the big cat to do the work for him
Kill it with fire 🔥🔥 I blame engineers. They ruin everything
I want the television that Willy Wonka promised
I would agree. The whole point of primaries is to suss out the candidate that you would prefer. Criticism is a natural part of that process.
Not to violate rule 8, but I couldn't pick out his face in that stickied quiz thing. You must like him an awful lot if you know what he looks like 😉
His criminal justice reform is HEFTY and any candidate claiming wonk status should catch up
Wait what am I supposed to put on a hot dog?
Tf are sport peppers
With all the shit he puts on a hot dog I'm not surprised if he's a bit constipated
I don't think I've ever put anything on collards except fatback and a respectable amount of vinegar
Damnit now I'm hungry. Headin to Meijer
No one should use Summer's Eve, scented products are unnecessary and can cause irritation or changes in vaginal pH. 😠
Well that just seems like a waste of cotton and plastic/paper/bamboo but at least it doesn't contain the implicit message that your body's natural earwax is shameful and needs to be covered with a floral scent
B...b..but just invoking "Manifest Destiny" got me full points on A.P. US history exam items. *Now* you want *specifics*?!
I am very interested in Castro's performance in the debates. Hopefully he gains in the polls if it goes well
Who's the bigger policy wonk: Castro or Warren? Or are they equally matched but focused on different issues?
Was this about the second best hot dog preparation method again?
[Even when you point out that energy production from coal carries 100 times more radiation than a nuclear power plant for the same amount of energy](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/coal-ash-is-more-radioactive-than-nuclear-waste/)
Notice how he's proud of the campaigns that he's running in Iowa and New Hampshire, but not South Carolina. mmhmmm confirmed my priors
Tonight we drink for fun. Tomorrow we drink because we can't stand to listen to Bernie
They got the wrong tigers
Atwater Brewing Whango
I thought she said the opposite, that Hillary wasn't concerned enough with African American issues.
More hyped for this than any Mayweather fight
He was thinking of how much water it takes to prepare a hamburger
YES NO or PASS
Thank u papi
Fuck I just snorted my beer
What chrome extension mutes Tulsi?
Universal pre-K hell yeah
Windmills cause jobs, noice
Who is this guy? Is he lost?
It waxes and wanes within a sentence
With a heavy dollop of Chicago
That's what I was just thinking
Just saw the Booker story square on the bingo sheet. Fucking hilarious
Working class drink
The absolute madman
I'm so close! Great cards
Rise up
I'm very confused by this entire spectacle. Who do I support now?
I'm very impressed!
The real crime here is the lack of Wayne
Great question for Castro
Castro over here side eye the chumps
Stunt on them Castro
Why is bill here? Go home
Oh fuck no pls no moderator spanish
How is Castro taking all this Spanish?
Get em Julian
Delaney sweetie nooo
Fuck you Tim, they had names
Shady moderator
Eek... Ok he's just posturing
This was a terrible idea lmaooo
Thank you for your service!
Gross my two least favorite people as moderators
I'm counting it tbh. Previous moderators prolly using the same bingo sheet
Sooooo close!
Such wonk
Booker and I live in some rough neighborhoods
Nah man, reclaim neighborhoods by investing in the community and being politically active
And y'all said Cory ain't dabbed on no one
Tim Ryan is unaware of the counselors already employed in schools
Smooth transition President Cory
Oh god poor Dante
Finally a direct answer from Liz
Go for broke Delaney. This is your one chance probably
Cory surge!
Inslee legit adorable
I forgot the question
Shout out to PR!
She's gonna kill it as long as the moderators cut Bernie's mic when his time is up
Nah, fuck the WWC left behind
Take several seats
Shut up Chuck and let Delaney speak
She said the govt can't tell you who to love or marry. So I guess we can marry kids? That was poorly fucking phrased
S A Y T H E I R N A M E S
Oh no, what's wrong?
I'm counting it as authoritarians
: (
Chuck sucks
Yaass inslee
Climate change
I already tuned him out
I don't think so.
Delaney long campaign
I'm proud of him for only talking about real people or actual issues
I feel violated
We still appreciate you!
Especially for trans people all over the place
I just need an awkward silence
white man attacking identity politics with your closing statement seems like a bad choice
Call them out!
More impactful to wait to the end
Fuck it, bigots weren't voting for him anyways
🦀🦀🦀 congrats!!!
Can we post a link higher up for visibility?
That's true but given the extreme reaction to Obama's presidency, I doubt that would happen again. Maybe I'm wrong
Thank you blessed mod 🙏
I'm definitely interested in him, especially with his super thoughtful policies on his website. True wonk
Well at least he's consistently wrong. That's comforting
Good night 😴
I wish they had given all of deBlasio's and Tulsi's time to Delaney
Booker's face in a great [tweet](https://twitter.com/sadydoyle/status/1144057437764444160?s=09) I can take the joke. More from [BuzzFeed](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/briannasacks/beto-orourke-speaking-spanish-democratic-debate)
Love that meme! [Here's what I found](https://www.np.reddit.com/r/centerleftpolitics/comments/c5y9dz/z/es5bqgj)
Miss seeing your posts but you need to prioritize your mental health. 😟
Hell yeah, got that sweet meme template
&gt;no bueno [God, not you too](https://i.imgur.com/BsAUZ8Q.jpg)
He fuckin earned it tonight. Hardest working man in politics right now
&gt;Booker tried blinking once. He didn't like it. It was a power move 💪
Eh, winter is only like 3 months away. You're ahead of schedule
This is the premium content I come to CLP for
And AUBURN, and LSU, and TENNESSEE too!
All 👏 Vikings👏 fans👏are 👏 annoying👏 Don't even get me started on the Twins fans
[This fucker...](https://i.gifer.com/3T45.gif)
I'll only participate in cancel culture if we can cancel Sankey diagrams. 🧐😵😱
That's how I'm seeing it as well
Did we do bingo sheets or are we just taking bets on when Bernie's atrocious mannerisms occur? Like I bet he shakes his finger in someone's face within 20 minutes
First! Suck it Bernie
[All gold 😎](https://youtu.be/7LOZhaxTw0I)
In the debate thread, I'd love to hear guesses on how long til the debate moderators direct a question to Kamala
😠😡
This is what leadership looks like, AoC
Chile I will b ded
I was about to ask who Bill is, but then I unfortunately remembered
[no, not a rule-breaking post!](https://media2.giphy.com/media/K8U1akM2M0FeU/giphy.gif?cid=19f5b51a5d1560e338696168550ed409&amp;rid=giphy.gif)
Everyone do an intelligence or constitution saving throw
Aoc has failed on climate change. This is why I hate msnbc
Throw the youth away
LMAO I was trying to be a nerd and I ended up a pre-law student
"center" zoomer talking here supports Bernie. Lmaoo
http://reddit-stream.com/comments/c6cyw5/#page-top
Was that a finger wag? Someone shout when he finally does one. Clock is running
That's a win for ognits
You can refinance student debt, idiot
Different generation drink
Universal pre-K hell yeah
Go to bed butti
Mama 🥰
Damn already?!
Who?
She doesn't use prescription drugs because chemicals
How dare you
Called it
I like my private insurance. Checkmate bernie
Definitely lost the thread on Biden's point
You called it. Just under ten minutes in
You heard it. Obama is president. Pack it up people
He's getting louder but I don't think it's helpful
SB problems and body cams
Fuck off Marianne I wanted to hear that answer
That's fine?! Bad Joe. No states rights for racism
Call em out!
Economic for social justice drink
Point to Biden, he has bitch slapped Mitch for the good of America before and he will again
I blame chuck
This has been more of a Trainwreck than last night
Just move lol
Yes
Hhahahah
I mean JFK was president when black people were intimidated and prevented from voting in the south so sure Marianne
Gilli why
Old white men go home
Whattttttt is sheee doin
It's so fucking stupid I thought I was having a stroke
How is this fresh hell not over?
This is why he earned the best friend bracelet and Axelrod didn't
Bahahhaha
Technical issues
Sidebar worthy
Get em Rachel!!!!!
Bernie is a racist
Oh joe you don't need thirty seconds hush
Well that was a loser of an idea
Schism!
... North Korea. Yang is such a meme
Swallwell is so slimy sometimes
Iraq war square
This is why I picked 4 at random. Great cards!
Is that too much to ask?
We get it Eric, you hate old people
What why?
Not me 😎
I don't think you wanna tout voting against the bailout. That literally saved our economy
Obama vibes with the 3am agenda
My bad. Maybe that was Hillary. Pls don't ban
Politics is theoretical to you. You've got no political experience
He's so ridiculous but I'm exhausted by this shit show
How? I got 2! Thank you for doing this. Hopefully we can mine this thread for phrases for round 2
That's a good point. I've been disagreeing with people who brought up Castro's immigration views from years ago, but I should give Biden the same fair shake
Respect your opinion, but I thought the first night was a better debate because it clarified people's positions for me, whereas this second debate was pure entertainment. I felt like tonight was not helpful for me as a primary voter
I know you didn't just leave out my man Cory Booker. No way Castro gets in but not Booker
People like her are why I don't teach in the K-12 system.
https://twitter.com/mattfeens/status/1144433286707417089?s=20
Relative to my expectations, yes. Relative to everyone except Williamson, no
And it shows
Only want to hear from those college students who have received an A in economics.
Yeah it's white privilege but at least he morally shamed the Nazis in the GOP
Yes, you, vikinick. Would you care to weigh in on the discussion of the second debate?
Booker getting erased has me pretty steamed tbh
Totally approve of Booker being funk
It's such a shame when McSweeneys is overrun with leftist loonies. It's increasingly difficult to find pieces there that don't make me cringe
Lol nvm this made me chuckle &gt;INSLEE: “I will literally rebuild our melting glaciers by hand, you absolute fuckers. I hate you all so much.”
I don't know why this was a question. Enchiladas 4eva
I think you need incognito mode to watch any film entitled "Fart Box Family Vacation"
God kill it with 🔥
And a masochistic love/hate relationship with LA
Preach 🙌
Oh shoot. Thank you! I wonder how many times I've messed that up 😔
I hope you find someone who is helpful! ❤️
Maybe depends on how much stuff I wanted to bring with me. Idk how I'd transport two cats to NZ. I'd need two plane tickets and I know from experience that sedatives don't prevent them from crying. The other passengers would mutiny!
That's why I haven't bought any merch 😢
Ok Toad has been doing squats since I saw him last
Lol NPR interviewed some moderator for their troll watch segment. It's trippy to hear
Did you just watch Julie &amp; Julia?
