At this point we're contemplating it. Y'all motherfuckers need some Westminster Parliamentary system, stat.
We gotchu, baby.
Universal weed and legal healthcare. On it.
I’m good with starting with oil companies for now. Thanks for asking, glad we could clear it up.
I think we’re good with the solution proposed. Again, thanks though.
I don’t think there’s much hypocrisy in asking corporations to take accountability before people. There’s a bit of a difference between them and I. Maybe you don’t see that, and that’s the problem?
How about we start with oil and see how it goes. They can be our ready-made test case. Great idea, good suggestion.
We can do them second. Good suggestion.
&gt; Okay, so let’s compare fossil fuels to something we all agree is heinous: slavery. Let’s not. Next?
“Why can’t you just let me desperately doing anything against the wall and hope some of it sticks” seems to be their approach.
&gt; Fair enough, then you can go with that fossil fuels Ste not heinous and you can just concede the cities are hypocrites for that and will call it a day That doesn’t quite seem like English to me. As you can’t elucidate your point I think we’ll just stick with the plan proposed. Thank you for your input.
Not sure who you meant to reply to, as this clearly doesn’t concern our conversation. Let me know if you need some help figuring Reddit out.
Savage. I approve.
With Bitch drop the T cause Bich is Latin for generosity!
You're right, it's not a substitute. It's the actual fucking argument, and if you're too dense to admit it you're part of the problem. Thanks for letting me state that outright, *comrade*.
Lol.
An absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. Are you expecting the FBI to keep you posted about a sex trafficking investigation that could be underway? Doesn’t that tip off those being investigated? “Evidently” was used in the article improperly. There’s nothing evident about this at all.
Anyone else feel like these people criticizing the FBI are probably IRA plants aimed at discrediting the DOJ as a precursor to the hammer about to fall on the Russian agents in the White House and in Congress?
That’s great. You’ll need to leave your right to bear arms at the door; you’ll get healthcare, a social safety net, and a better life. This is not negotiable.
Look, children, a wild whataboutist. Do they pay you in vodka, pal?
No idea why someone would downvote you for this. Sour grapes maybe?
I was actually asking as I was curious. And, if it turned out that I had a copy of the book in question, I was/am happy to gift it. OP didn’t bother answering though, so...
Corruption?
Exactly
You have the right to remain silent while being shot at. The right to speak to a debt counsellor to help fund your medical treatment. The right to sue the fuck out the guy the police filled full of lead after they managed to end his shooting spree. And the right to bear arms because, hey, why not? And let’s be real: those first ten amendments are older than the applications of electricity and the 2nd has put them neck and neck with Brazil for the most gun deaths. So maybe not fuck America and their Bill of Rights... maybe more “let’s feel bad that a nation has been so hypnotized by the military industrial complex, xenophobia, and foreign entities that a significant portion of them feel it’s more important to have mostly unrestricted access tools that can kill people rather than reasonable gun control which most other nations in the world have, with the bizarre correlation of lower gun violence”. For sure, tell me that’s not a causal connection... but it sure seems like it. And when vested interests won’t even let you fucking well STUDY whether there is a connection... don’t you think that there’s a bit of a lambs-to-the-slaughter feel about the whole thing?
I would love to chat with you more about this. Want to meet up for coffee at 1 World Trade Center? I’ll be there shortly, I’m just finishing up the Boston Marathon. I’m coming by way of Charlottesville, with a stop in Oklahoma on the way.
The best part is I only went with the big ones. Want me to link you to all the mass shootings? I think they apply. We’ve got over 300 to pick from in the past year or so.
I saw Darksiders and thought “...but it’s a solid B-.” Seriously has no place anywhere near a top ten worst.
Try removing and re-adding them
Try removing and reading it.
Yup. Range shrank to about 2M with 12. Back to over 15m with 12.1.1
🙏👍
I really enjoyed it, personally.
It costs literally thousands of dollars to deal with each OD. For the price of rolling one ambulance, complete with naloxone we can cover hundreds of doses of safe opioids. This is the cheaper, more responsible route. Your desire for “taxpayers” not to pay is better served by giving this shit away.
Putting a commerce system in place to “recoup costs” is going to cost more than simply having a dispensary. It also commodities a treatment and continues to incentive property crime. It is the wrong answer. You said above that “there’s no financial punishment” which pretty clearly illustrates what you really want: for the junkies to pay for what they do and how they are. It’s wrong.
You like it? I like it when my tax dollars aren’t being spent by the thousands to narcane and naloxone thousands of people each year. So maybe you can get your fingers out of both my and their wallet in your effort to punish the vulnerable and make yourself feel better.
Much like I wouldn’t turn to a cancer patient for oncology advice, I don’t find your input as an alcoholic particularly valuable. I don’t think anyone has ever had a $3000 a pop naloxone ambulance run dispatched for a whiskey bender. Not to minimize your problem but they’re in different area codes, man. And frankly if it’s going to cost me a fuck ton less AND most likely save your life to give you free booze, I’d do it. So... bottoms up?
Seems like some folks are having better experiences with HomePod. I don’t have one, but my AppleTV is now working as it was pre iOS 12. It seems like there are some specific issues with Eve sensors that remain unsolved. My Eve button is now working again, mind you.
This is the difference between systems with automation processors and modern cloud solutions. We get what we pay for: flakey, test-in-production stuff. I’m not complaining but it’s worth acknowledging.
People love to tell us why we shouldn’t love where we live. The only time I think about them is when I read that shit; I shrug my shoulders and forget to give a fuck.
Honestly? Yeah. It’s why I live here. I could live in a cheaper house with a job that pays a bit more in a place with no mountains and no water where I have to sit in traffic for two hours a day on a highway that’s mostly ice and salt for six months of the year. Instead I live here in a home that’s worth a lot less than it was assessed for working a job that pays me less than I would make in Toronto... but I love my home, I’m happy in my job, and I get to ride something called a fucking *SkyTrain* for nearly an hour a day (which I still get a kick out of nearly ten years on). I have adventures, amazing friends, a cool car, a great cat, and the biggest fucking smile on my face most of the day on most days. Can’t speak for anyone else, but it feels like I do have it all, yes.
I’ve met that type of Vancouverites. I don’t call any of them friends; I just don’t hav time for that crap.
Oh well. Their problem, I suppose, on both sides. I don’t feel inclined to feel guilty for the acts of others or to apologize for what is accusation by association. Again, so very little time for that shit when there are much more interesting things to spend my time on.
While it’s interesting to hear your perspective it’s so foreign to my own experience that I can’t relate. I’m truly sorry that that is something that affects you. Sadly I can’t answer your question.
For some shitty reason the app turned watermarks back on after an update.
If you don’t live where you can have it all it’s up to you to change your situation. I did. If you disdain me because of that *I don’t care*. I grew up in Ontario. I don’t call it Onterrible or Worst Case Ontario, I just don’t live there anymore because that wasn’t the life I wanted. My family and friends from when I grew up live there and seem quite happy there. You are responsible for your own happiness and I refuse to not talk about mine because it might make you uncomfortable. *That’s on you*.
And a sweet video game series.
To answer your question: I’m not, and I don’t care. If you or anyone else wants to hold a regional bias it’s your problem and yours alone. It’s a big province out here, and we have nowhere near the density of almost anywhere else in the world. I’m not your keeper, which means I’m not liable for whatever “real life limitations” you or others accept. The trail’s here if you want it. Happy... well, whatever floats your boat where you are.
Agreed. I do a technology tv show and radio show. I’m going to reach out to them for comment!
Go fuck yourself. ^ that’s Ontario talking 😀 Also: there’s more to Bc than the island, friend. Also why you’d lower your opinion of someone else because of what I’ve said is exactly the nonsense bullshit I’m talking about. You’re the problem.
Truth is an exotic that will evolve via the Menagerie through the season. Slot it correctly and it transforms into a new weapon: Power. Hence”Truth to Power”
&gt; I never played Halo but didn’t Bungie make fulls scale battles? On less powerful hardware? Why can’t we have that? We do, on The Inverted Spire. Also, they’ve added in seamless real-time matchmaking for multiple fireteams. Destiny is a modern marvel and it works so well that I think we forget that sometimes.
Please read what I quoted. Edit for the downvoters: OP specifically asked about full scale AI battles; they happen in Destiny, and there’s a big one in The Inverted Spire. Halo had scripted event battles where the AI was on your side, but it was mostly the illusion of co-operation; they’d take endless potshots at each other, and rarely progress the event without you.
You get me. ❤️
Sorry you’re on the raw end of that
I would assume if no one cared their comment would be ignored. Sounds like it rubbed some folks the wrong way hard... and that’s a bit odd to me.
https://reddit.com/r/oldpeoplefacebook/comments/91msqo/l/ And this isn’t?
https://i.imgur.com/W9eocFm.jpg It’s one click to see you post inane shit too, so maybe calm the fuck down ❤️😂
&gt;im not sure about Canada So maybe don’t comment about the issue on a subreddit called /r/CanadaGuns if you don’t have something factual to add? We have a hard enough time trying to get people to pay attention to what we say that being inaccurate or using fake stats is really detrimental.
😂
Goonies never say die.
People keep asking for a Power class hand cannon. Here it is.
/r/canadashoots hears you, bud.
My background check was so extensive that none of my references even knew they had been called. Let’s not kid ourselves: it’s not hard to get a gun in Canada, there’s just a bit of a time gap, assuming you’re not a criminal.
&gt;I’ll make Canada safer by turning shootings into shootouts! Jesus fucking Christ.
&gt;most Canadians are clueless about gun laws And whose problem is that? Ours. Our best solution is to have direct, rational discussions with people about it. Instead we spend a lot of time cursing the current government for simply catering to the will of the people as it stands. There’s no vast conspiracy to disarm us in order to subjugate us, despite what some frothy voices here would insist. It’s that shootings are scary, they do happen because of lax gun laws and poor mental health, and people naturally want to not be shot by crazy people. There are a few weekend warriors here who insist we need to be carrying (either concealed or open) here in Canada because “some people live in bad neighbourhoods”, which is utter bullshit. Anyway, it is easy get a firearm here in Canada, and it’s easy to keep it if you follow the rules and don’t give anyone a reason to take it away. If your spouse is calling the cops on you, yeah, you probably shouldn’t have a firearm. You should go see a therapist.
How frequently did you have to use your firearm for defence while you were there?
I’m used to psychotic ramblings in this sub but I sincerely hope you’re on a watch list.
Jesus you folks are gullible.
Ok, Uncle Dank Bong. You make a compelling case there.
Have you had to use one in the states before? Roughly what percentage of trips to the US have you taken where you have had to use your firearm?
!RemindMe 1 year
So the whole thing was a nothingburger and a bunch of Canadians were convinced to spend money they didn’t have to buying high-margin products at retail? Y’all are so predictable.
Meanwhile at Liberal Party Headquarters... “They call you a retard, sir” “Okay... and then they went and dumped thousands into bits and pieces because they *think* we’re going to drop an unannounced ban on things they themselves have done the research shows would be wildly unpopular during a close election year?” “Yes, sir.” “And *I’m* ‘retarded’?” “Yes, sir. Also, they’re really obsessed with feet and your socks...” “We don’t have anything to worry about here, so we?” “No, sir. There are two million firearms owners in Canada and most of them are embarrassed when they see *one of these guys* get started.” “*sigh* Alright. Whatever makes them happy, I guess. What’s for lunch?” Maybe we can go back to focusing on things that are actually a problem, like stupid rules for mag pinning, rather than dumping every red cent into highly profitable hardware and indulging in idle outrage at LPC boogeymen? We’ve got work to do, and acting like shrill kids afraid that our toys are going to get taken away isn’t belong.
There really is no winning with you folks sometimes, is there? Even when confronted with facts you desperately twist in the wind to try to bend reality to your worldview.
I’ll take one if folks are trying to panic sell. 20% off retail should be good, right?
Your total lack of focus on this is impressive. “This ban is happening!” So we all rush out and flush cash on lowers. *ban doesn’t happen* “Oh, man, we must have really showed them it was unpopular... but it could still happen....” Seriously, put the boogeyman away. There was never a ban, we got duped. And we had a high profile gun crime that was perfect to usher in a handgun ban. What happened? No ban. PS if you publish Calibre, I really enjoyed the article on VPD’s Tommy Guns.
Thanks, Uncle Dank Bong! &gt;c-71 is a license to kill gun rights That’s not how any of this works.
That’s not how the westminster parliamentary system works and it’s hysterical to suggest that anything about our democracy is immutable. So stop it.
Because new guns are created all the time and some with fit the prohib list? Really? That’s the best you’ve got?
“We must vote the boogeyman out, or he’ll get us!” Yeah, I’ll pass on the socially regressive, no-other-plan-otherwise party and keep working to change this one, thanks.
The firearms company stirred some shit so that they could sell more guns? Hand me the crayon over there. The one labelled “shocked”. I need to colour myself in. What you did was share unverified rumours and get a bunch of Canadians to dump cash into the market. On the upside, they’re probably more likely to advertise in your magazine!
Yup, I pointed that out below. Almost makes you value publicly-funded media where they don’t have a vested interest in sales, eh? In b4 the neckbeards tell me they care about their funding so they’ll blah blah fucking blah.
Ahahaha. Christ, you did get played hard. Did you ask any of them if they had a conflict of interest? Investments in any companies? Proof beyond “buy them now”? Maybe a “go on the record about this”? Come on, man.
That’s utterly laughable and an impressive leap of logic. Bravo.
I started /r/canadashoots to talk about the fun side of this rather than the politicized side that basement dwellers get rabid about. Come hang out.
Friend, you’re not in a comfortable place to go talking about not having evidence for things. Especially not when you probably saw some direct benefits from this hysteria. Also: opinions of my own creation? Wait, do you get your opinions from others? Is the point of an opinion that it is your own position based on your collection of data and analysis thereof? Did you just say that in an attempt to sound condescending or something?
Watching you take someone struggling with a spreadsheet as gospel when we’re talking about a massively unpopular change in firearms policy is *hilarious*.
Thanks Comrade. How is days pay with IRA group? Includes vodka ration?
Yes, you really put your back into it shifting those goalposts.
Because not everyone is. There sure are a few though. Hmm, lemme check. https://imgur.com/TSxybEW I can see why you took this personally :-P
The question, then, is "Is it better to make an enemy of any political party or is it better to try to show all members of parliament a logical, rational progression towards what we want?" &gt;it’s gonna take someone being in power who actually shares an interest in gun culture Hard to convince people to be a part of gun culture when we call them so pretty harsh shit and pull the "from my cold dead hands" routine every time someone whispers the word "ban" rather than actually having a discussion. The word hate gets used here a lot. It has no place in rational discourse.
*laughs in Ruger Precision*
High-powered needs a hyphen and the -ed suffix. Also, it's a firearm; a weapon is defined by intent. Again, words have power. Behaviours have power. Acting like an idiot and speaking without thinking means we make no progress when we're trying to advance sane gun policy. But by all means, attack me. I'll keep trying to get our message across while also convincing people that the frothy barrel-clingers here aren't actually dangerous, just passionate.
You must ask if I will *issue an apology*? How delightfully formal. You'd better fucking believe I will; I'll say it in advance: Calibre, if a ban shows up before October, sorry dude, you nailed it. And if it doesn't I'm sure I won't hear anyone here say "I got played like a fiddle for political capital and cash on the barrelhead" but... well, that's life.
&gt; that you weren't forced to participate in the buy if you didn't want to. It was like watching a run on bitcoin.
I’m with you; I think that responsible adults should be able to own machinery if they have proven they can handle it and that there aren’t reasons they shouldn’t. Personally I don’t think we need to enshrine the use of firearms for defence in law for the same reason I don’t think we need to enshrine the use of a baseball bat or knife for defence in law: it should be handled without prejudice on a case by case basis. I also think that carrying firearms in public shouldn’t be acceptable; conversely carrying select firearms in unpopulated areas should. I think the RCMP should have to propose any classification to a bipartisan committee that rotates every two years. The first action would be to review current classifications and try to make sense of things like pinned mags, with an eye towards treating firearms owners like adults. I have no problem with stores having to maintain a record of purchases and PALs, but the barrier for the police to access that information should be high. I’m actively talking to politicians about this right now, but I doubt I’ll get much support here... because I think access to firearms is a privilege and not a right.
You sound pretty triggered there, friend. If your weak opinions and poor self-image can’t stand up to a little scrutiny you may want to just log off the internet forever. I think you and people like you are poisoning the well, and you make it easy for people to dismiss rational gun owners when we try to talk about sensible gun ownership. Looks, it’s admirable that you managed to get clean and get your life together but it doesn’t excuse your shitty lack of a defensible point and your bad attitude.
Same. Shoot, splode, reload dodge, shoot, splode, holster, shoot with primary, switch to LQ, repeat.
Just delete this post already.
It’s impolite to shit in the punch bowl before the band has gone on.
Seriously, just park an officer there with a ticket printer. We could find a second Canada Games pool on the revenue.
Taniks moves to Vancouver. He’s underemployed as a barista, can’t get a mortgage, and HAS NO HOUSE.
Wait, is that what they’re blowing?
Buy now and we’ll throw in Hawthorne.stfu for free
I like when people like you literally read my inner monologue.
I think this is the right sub to acknowledge there was a well-funded effort by the GRU/IRA to manipulate and radicalize as many Americans as possible. So many have been hungry for some sort of validation that they didn’t realize they were being co-opted.
Download files from Beatport, Bandcamp, Hardwax, etc. Ideally you’ll tie in with Safari as a file “opener” and save the files to iCloud Drive, Dropbox, and/or One Drive please.
Traktor DJ 2 and the S2 Mark 3 are both iPad compatible. If we can sort out an iPad workflow some of us can leave laptops behind.
Yup
You’re way off your baseline.
&gt; Oh hey, that’s where I used to hide when the hydraofdoom would try to pound me from both ends while goblins rushed in for their chance like a Boy’s private school varsity football team. I feel ya, bro.
* Set a maximum price per gigabyte that allows for a small amount of profit for the carrier. * Open up spectrum to MVNOs at a set price point and allow them to differentiate on service * break up the acquisition of the smaller MNVOs from the carriers that ate them * nationalize 5g and let's end the mobile oligarchy
Add it to the list! :)
I’m thinking that’s a negatory, good buddy.
I like the inclusion of the Chinook.
&gt;For this piece we decided on an aggressively un-cinematic look, evoking the feeling of a $99 2000s-era Intel Webcam on a stick.
&gt; I found both the power supply and power control unit have male connectors. Apparently that's a category on PornHub.
So glad I got my three resets already.
*Heavens.*
I’m with you there bud. Socky and co have a hard time realizing that political affiliation has little to do with firearms. God help them if they discover the Socialist Rifle Association 😂
Maybe it’s just a reddit thing but why are web developers the baseline metric by which people judge salary? Like, yeah, you don’t live in the Valley, the home of Amazon, or New York, you’re probably taking on projects for small and medium business. Microsoft just moved into Vancouver and apparently they’re paying industry average.
Still sore about the Raptors game, eh?
Easy there, John Bolton.
He did, he’s just conveniently ignoring it to keep up with the “but muh ~~ troops~~ police” narrative. Can’t rile up the yokels without some authoritarian outrage.
One incident of long term, willful ignorance of serial killings by a large portion of the TPS. I’m glad that everyone here has recognized your nonsense and is giving it about the attention it’s due.
This is a good thing. He’s a great ambassador for both Vancouver and Canada in general.
Good quality denim has its place. A pair of Dish/Duer jeans costs me $140 CAD, but they’re built with a gusset so I can be active in them, and they’re the most comfortable pants I own. They last. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sam_Vimes#Boots_theory_of_socio-economic_unfairness This is why I buy good quality clothes.
I’m really glad you’ve found that for yourself. That said, I’m rarely buying “big name brands” as the quality I’m looking for is rarely found there. Frankly I’m at a point in my life where my hourly rate is too high to engage in that kind of thing unless it brings me pleasure, so I’m happy to, after careful evaluation, simply pay for quality. As a correlation: it’s also more worth my while to repair these things rather than pitch them... though I usually will pay a specialist (cobbler, tailor, etc) to do that. I’m busy doing things I find fun and productive so I don’t have the luxury of time and chance to try to luck out on a find; it’s worth it to me to simply shortcut that process by purchasing what I consider to be valuable. This absolutely isn’t an indictment of how you’re operating, just an attempt to illustrate how I see things differently. Good luck on the thrift hunt; I’m glad we have people like you giving life to things people probably shouldn’t have thrown away.
Sleep well, and keep kicking ass 😀
You’ve made a claim. Prove it. Show me studies that say that a social safety net leads to a rise in crime. Your point is pure bullshit, and you can’t back it up, but do go ahead and try.
Hug?
Lemme know if that changes. I gotchu. ❤️
You think you’re funny, but you won’t be laughing when a procto is elbow-deep in your semi-colon.
I legitimately asking: what do you think should be done?
I hear you. I’m struggling with what, if anything, I can do to change things. It’s odd being on the bus, seeing something that clearly isn’t good for those involved and just having no idea where to start.
Meanwhile I have difficulty turning 90º in buzzsaw. Just wow. Cool stuff, man. Love it.
Got downed by a guy twice yesterday before I figured his schtick out. Didn't bag him but I did utter a "fuck you" every time I killed him. Yes, I may have used Jotunn once or twice on him. No shame.
If you haven’t seen Climax I would recommend it.
Alabama?
You had a good run. I’m hoping we can pick up the pieces and snag Cascadia as part of Canada when you implode. Sorry.
I hate to be that guy but can you dm me the link where you found it?
It might have something to do with the way people here talk about them and the sheer vitriol anyone with a different opinion gets. Also, apparently if I’m not all in on Scheer I’m the fucking devil. Divided we fall, indeed.
The year is 2040. Video games in what was formerly the United States are edited to show a generic single colour flag and the Stars and Stripes are stricken, as they are seen as a reminder of the old genocidal regime that nearly brought the world to the brink of destruction. In Europe pockets of neo-republicans secretly meet, wearing old Trump regalia, greeting each other with a quiet “*...lock her up...*”. Detroit has begun to turn out quality automobiles again, and people comment that American engineering is impressive, while trying to avoid the topic of how the madman and his idiotic cult. The world continues to turn.
What a bunch of bull-hockey.
Got any sources to back up those claims? Specially can you point me to a source that * verifies that a teacher has encouraged a child to transition. * verifies that a parent has been arrested for child abuse for objecting to their child transitioning I’m sure you must have those sources close at hand.
The engineers frequently use both whistles on couples engine trains, doubling the volume. They’ve also started ringing bells on the engine itself, in addition to the ones at the crossing, so you end up with a cacophonous, high-pitched sound. And sometimes the crossing bells won’t go off, a few days ago it went tor six hours. It happens often enough that I’ve written off coincidence. It’s malice. I sold my place for a tidy profit and I’m moving. Whenever I tried to raise this I was told the trains were here before I was. I didn’t want them to stop the trains, just to see if we could find some ways of making them quieter; insulation on the engines, shutting them off when not in use, and an end to nuisance noises that aren’t required by law (those extra bells) but apparently that’s tantamount to saying you want all trains to stop, forever, and you never want goods to be transported in or out of B.C. again. Add in BOSA being an utter criminal enterprise that does whatever they want and I’m out. It’s funny, I totally said that they were going to shut down access to the quay via Begbie and everyone said I was crazy. Guess what showed up in the mail yesterday? New West downtown will be nice to come back to in a decade. In the meantime, I’m going to go explore somewhere else.
https://support.beatport.com/hc/en-us/articles/200131499-Contact-Information Literally this.
&gt;500+ member Cool, cool. &gt; Xbox only Hol up. They sold that many?
It was a joke, chief.
Jesus, kiddo, talk about sensitive. &gt;mature, 21+ Well, you just disproved half of that.
Clearly. If your system had any other games you might be doing that instead. Just so we’re clear: I’m a day one Xbox One owner... and you’re an overly sensitive twat :)
Rofl. It’s a shame you can’t take a joke, you’ve got decent taste in guns and seem like an alright guy outside that. Keep on jackin’, Jonesy. Have a good day, big fellah.
Weak downvote farming, but I admire your tenacity. When the cancer is finally taking you and the light is growing dim, I sincerely hope you have something better to reflect than all that time you spent on reddit trying to piss people off for no good reason.
Do eet.
&gt;it won’t matter Stop fucking saying this. You’re not helojng, and you’re making it worse. Put the defeatism away and stand up to this motherfucker. Never stop.
I really can’t relate to this at all. Most of the communities I am part of stem from the good, happy place I am in. Perhaps I fall outside of the “most people” descriptor used here, but this just doesn’t ring true for me.
She should study up and cast a curse on them that forces them to be incredibly loud and noticeable. * every piece of clothing they put on becomes garishly coloured * every step they take is heard a long way away * every word they speak is shouted * everything they write is in caps For she has become #The Hag of Bolding
Whoever defeats the bear arms should turn them into a legendary pair of gauntlets called “The Second Amendment”
Vincent D’onofrio
I would fly more if it were cheaper, and I’d go to more remote places to. There’s no affordable supply so my demand is non-existent.
It’s almost like having some sort of collective agreement between employees in order to level the bargaining playing field could be advantageous.
😂❤️🙏
Yeah I really miss 16 filler episodes from the tv tropes recipe book per season. What will we get this time? Clip show? Seven samurai? It’s a wonderful life? It’s fine now; the instant gratification was never worth it.
Up $5k, but the unit beside mine just sold for 200k more than I paid, so I’m good.
When I bake bread I call it “the south”. After it rises again I cut it to shreds like the first time and toast most of it, as is tradition. The rest usually goes moldy; the analogy really works on a variety of levels.
This is brilliant.
Trainman spotting spotting.
Thanks for the update! Glad to see pup is home.
Nailed it!
Daredevil disagrees with you.
Per the documentary series on Netflix, his power is based on hearing; fog renders someone blind but does not render them deaf or unable to smell. Daredevil does indeed have keen senses - he's able to smell the presence of the fake suit in Poindexter's apartment, and regains his ability to detect things after his treatement with the netipot. Frankly the decision that fog renders someone unable to perceive someone else is a touch... ablest and racist. Other senses exist, and can indeed be used to detect things - and races other than humans (including direwolves) have those abilities; erasure of those races and their skills ain't right. And I'm writing literally all of this as a tongue in cheek lazy Saturday afternoon laugh, so please don't take me seriously :)
Two thin coats is always a good choice.
If you’re gonna make a sequel, you’d best have a slow, unplugged remix of a classic tune that evokes nostalgia. I’m not criticizing, I think it’s fucking rad.
That does widen the pigeon hole slightly. Thank you.
Suddenly it makes sense as to why we more dealing with so many crude Albertans. You are what you eat!
No movie *needs* multiple edits. In some cases the final product is ripped from the hands of the creators, either intentionally or unintentionally, by forces outside of their control. Gilliam’s Brazil is a masterpiece, and he had to practically steal it to release his version. This idea that you get one shot to make a film, especially when it’s not a single-auteur process, is challenging to me. I find that it isn’t in line the reality of collaborative art.
Are there other criteria for failure or is having multiple edits the only one? Is there a concise list of what makes a films success? How many check boxes do you need on either list to shift you from failure to success or to success from failure? It’s just an odd way of quantifying film.
Pretty sure that guy on the right is after Zachary Quinto, looking for revenge for the destruction of is home planet. Edit: to be clear, I'm just saying that's a handsome man. Who is most likely a Romulan.
It was called New Berlin until the Kaiser picked a fight and lost.
You’re shitting me. Really? Fuck.
( o • _ • )ノ”(ノ_&lt;。)
War. War never changes. But sometimes your city’s name changes because of war. *end Ron Perlman impression*
It is. 1917 is a good flick to watch. https://www.dancarlin.com/product/hardcore-history-50-blueprint-for-armageddon-i/ Listen to this series. It’s long, but one of the best podcasts I’ve ever listened to; it took my understanding of WW1 from casual interest to “holy fuck”.
Anytime. Look for the parallels to wars that came after and parallels to what’s going on in the world right now. I think you’ll find it pleasantly terrifying!
The weak spot is on the bottom, right?
I live in Canada. I don’t think we’ll have your back. I will give the shirt off mine to help my American friends, but Trump brought this on you and I will park my car in the god damned middle of the street in downtown Vancouver and live there to protest us joining any action at this point. This isn’t our war and I want no part of it.
I don’t have nearly as much time as I want to play Destiny. It’s made this season a ton of fun for me. I’m progressing at a nice rate, I’ve got some decent rolls on things, and I have fun when I sit down to play. Squeeze anything hard enough for long enough and you’ll choke the life out of it.
Touché.
I have a lint roller by mine that makes quick work of fuzzball detritus.
It’s alright, now that we know we can counter it 😀 That person is probably just cheesed off and they’re welcome to dis-a-Brie, but we can make a difference with Gouda upvotes.
It’s actually because it helps when he’s cutting a fat rail when he heads to the bathroom at dinner.
I have a beautiful midnight green phone. So I got the midnight green case. 😂
The slightly singed Canuck.
We should start a club.
Master Luke is the Joker? Well, I never!
It’s a bit rushed but ok. Your place or mine?
Puns are the lowest form of wit, but they’re better than no wit at all. -John Cleese
They didn’t “claim” that, it was actually the case. People were furious that their phones were shutting off at 40% when they would try to take a picture with flash or when they used a processor intensive task, and then would turn back on. By reducing the speed of the device it meant that a power draw past peak power wouldn’t happen anymore. Where they fucked up was not telling users exactly what was happening or giving people a choice to turn that feature off.
What you have said is factually incorrect. Apple did not ever deny it. They didn’t disclose it, which I find to be just as egregious. But let’s not assert that they were duplicitous when they were simply negligent. https://www.macrumors.com/2017/12/20/apple-addresses-iphone-throttling-degraded-battery/
https://www.idownloadblog.com/2016/11/18/apple-denies-throttling-lte-performance-of-verizon-iphone-7/ Also questionable. It’s clear you have an agenda here.
Can you fucking not?
See, unlike the bullshit you’re spinning where you make vague aspersions about things that didn’t happen, I actually linked news stories. Reality has no responsibility to live up to the false narratives you create in an effort for you to feel better about your electronics purchases.
Have a joy joy day, citizen.
Good chat.
There's always a lighthouse. There's always a man. There's always a city.
It seems crazy but playing a video game to have fun really is both easy and satisfying. Welcome!
So what does your division of time look like? I’m curious to know if you’re not sleeping, if you’re simply amazingly efficient, or what. I work a full time job, teach at three schools, DJ, I’m taking a second degree and spend a lot of time with friends and on social projects. I’ve got one character at 971 and I play about 5-6 hours a week. I’m in such a good place with the game right now.
That seems like a pretty tight schedule, but it’s not a surprise that you’ve checked boxes in Destiny; it looks like you’ve got a goal-based personality where you can really nail things when you put your mind to it. :)
While I haven’t raided in a while I have every non-raid exotic and all the hunter exotics (outside of Devil’s Ruin... I was at CES this week). I’m a pretty high performing player, just not obsessive. It’s easy to design content for me, and lets face it: the stats show that most players aren’t hardcore. Want the punch line? I spend money on Eververse. No wonder the game is designed around me 😂
Can you point out where Bungie has been marketing to hardcore players to play as their main game? “Play your way” is pretty vague. I don’t think Bungie meant “spend literally every free moment in this game” and they have said on more than one occasion that you should be able to walk away and okays others and come back seamlessly. I do that pretty successfully. Is there a games as a service game that achieves what you think Destiny should be doing right now? Edit: also, thanks for the polite discussion. This stuff gets amped so quickly that it’s nice to have someone to talk rationally to about it. ❤️
Deep cut.
The season is 12 weeks long. You can no-life it in the last four if you really need to. Or play causally through 12. Or any mix therein. “The state of the game isn’t fun for me” is interesting. Did they fundamentally change what pulling the trigger does? Have the guns got less shooty or the mans become less Killy? Or is it that you’ve just done it a lot and you’re expecting the game to become something fundamentally different regularly because you play it too much and you’re bored. Occam’s razor this one, man.
Interesting. I prefer Destiny’s model where the mtx system does not interact with the gameplay. If you’re concerned about serotonin depletion it might benefit you to keep your gaming under three hours per day. I’ve played warframe on and off since launch and I can say that if you’re comparing the nature of what you can accomplish in three hours between the two in terms of gear, three hours per day is needed for warframe where I can do the same with about six hours a week in Destiny. So perhaps you’re right: for the style of play you want, a grind game is important. Destiny isn’t going to be that again, if what we’re seeing from the devs is accurate.
My man.
I met him at pax and had a decent conversation with him. HeMs a genuinely good, humble, delightful human.
That’d be me. Sorry. Edit: your downvotes fuel my silver purchases.
You’re my kind of people.
I don’t buy a lot of things, but I do see things I like and pick them up. Optional, non-gameplay affecting cosmetics are far better than premium currency to avoid the grind (Warframe, I’m looking at you). I sit down and play a few times every week. I have fun shooting aliens. I actually like how most of the weapons and armour looks as is, and I like that the shader system has been pulled out of the bright dust economy. The mtx system is fine for me the way it is. I haven’t seen any compelling arguments to change it.
No, because I play the game to shoot things, not to peacock.
No, you don’t deserve a medal for playing the game for more time than anyone else. I still have the alpha installed. I’m not offended by people owning things In the game that I don’t.
I just played a new mission where I got a new exotic, and it was narrated by my favourite characters. You must not have been around during the dark below.
No, I spent money on stuff for eververse because it makes me happy with how I look or what my character does. I don’t give a rats ass what you look like nor do I care what emotes you have. There’s the difference. You’re doing things because you want to show off. I’m doing them because it enriches my gaming experience to see my character do things. Ultimately this game is about shooting aliens. If you need to be a princess about it and look fabulous, dawg, I get you. That’s me in real life.
Don’t hit your back shifting those goal posts. I’m enjoying what I get to play and the loot that I’m getting. It’s sad you’re not, but that’s not my problem. The game’s doing fine - I just did a whack of EP and Altar of Sorrows with a ton of blueberries and had fun. Again, sorry.
I like the sound of your clan :D
Two things: I don’t buy the armour sets and come by my princess looks naturally And go fuck yourself.
My end game is still shooting things. You do you, kid.
Your false distinctions are stupid.
It’s a portmanteau of shitty and shoddy, imposed on us by a hyper aggressive autocorrect.
It’s why I’m so glad Denon is playing hardball. Competition is so good for us.
Real DJs book multiple artists and mix them in real time 😂
With the exception of Legolas Noir all of the clothing here looks like stuff in my closet. I am digging that so hard.
Hey, if your idea of the end of hundreds or thousands of hours of gameplay is standing around admiring yourself, that's fine. The endgame of shooters has been shooting things since DooM. Sorry, kid.
Yeah, you kind of have. The point of shooter games is to shoot things. Glad we could fucking well clear that up for you.
It’s actually [battery](https://lawyeraheadca.wordpress.com/2009/05/25/understand-the-difference-between-an-assault-and-a-battery/).
As do I. Our sympathy is irrelevant, mind you; that shit is still [battery](https://lawyeraheadca.wordpress.com/2009/05/25/understand-the-difference-between-an-assault-and-a-battery/).
No one hates Star Wars more than Star Wars fans.
The NDP aren’t going to force an election they can’t fund. 3 min, could go all the way if they see decent cooperation from the grits.
I love the smell of irrelevant fiscal conservatives being marginalized by even further-out-of-touch social conservatives in the morning.
The real point of the matter is MacKay’s inability to connect with mainstream voters leading to the impossible task of trying to form a majority like in nineteen ninety three when jean chrétien threw kim campbell off hеll in the parliament, and plummeted sixteen feet through the hansard’s table.
What is this disc you speak of?
Not gonna lie, I'll have a cuppa while not feeling gentlemanly and just shotgun that bevvy. Tea, Earl Grey, NOW.
You seem like a lot of fun at parties.
Sorry, we’re full up on misanthropes.
Contact was such a good book. We just need to find the primer.
I take many songs and turn it into one loud song. I get paid for it. I think that’s enough. 😂
The analogy works. Devin Nunes is the cancer in this version of the story.
Blood for the blood god, etc.
Nah man, it was always burning since the world was turning.
Nice.
I pay a ton of property tax in Vancouver and now live close enough to walk to work. I am absolutely thrilled to pay it; transit is essential. I’m also now in a “tax the rich bracket” and am fine with my taxes going up so that more people have access to transit. Living in a society is a good thing.
The good news is that it helps. The bad news is that it’s more milk in the milking a vex prostate sense. Sorry.
Ghosts also had the benefit of being released on the older gen with a cheap upgrade ($10) to the new gen when they launched shortly after. Doubles your sales for a chunk of the demographic that upgraded. https://blog.us.playstation.com/2013/09/19/how-to-upgrade-select-ps3-games-to-their-ps4-versions/
You get me. ❤️🙏💀
Delicious and would survive a nuclear holocaust. Practical.
And until Bungie fixed it week they did quadruple damage. Oh balls, wrong sub.
I think maybe it’s using bleach as mouthwash?
Re-verify our range to target... one ping only.
Why thank you.
Is this on Netflix Canada? I did a search last night and couldn’t find it.
"This is where I sit to ensure the patients are comfortable after giving them their medication" is what I get from this picture.
👉👉 zoop.
&gt;Despite the problems, it is a great [product] when it is working as it should. My experience with the Xbox brand since the OG. I keep coming back, but I'm not surprised when I go to do something and have that sinking feeling of "fuck, I get to buy another one of these".
Some people just like being miserable, sadly.
I can see their points; what I find boggling is their attribution of motivation. Greed, laziness, and ignoring the community simply aren’t remotely accurate, but it’s easy to say they are. These are good people working hard to make a good game. They make decisions some people may not agree with. Instead of focusing on the decisions themselves, these folks create an insane narrative that vilifies ordinary folks. It’s sickening.
&gt; *“It's hard to say - maybe a year, maybe... yesterday. But I will be back.”* -Capt. Benjamin Siskin, Emissary of Deep Space Nine
Also: when an exotic weapon needs 8 public (not heroic) events, why would you spend the extra time. Tangled shore, zap the Fallen guy, Sparrow to the Hive guy, Warp to the Cabal guy and wait for a bit / do other bounties patrols while you wait for him to pop, and repeat.
The other comment here is puzzling; Traktor Pro 3 has keylock, which allows you to shift BPM fairly naturally without changing key. The 3.2.0 update included the 3.3.0 version of the Élastique time stretching engine that preserves audio quality when changing BPM. https://djtechzone.com/traktor-pro-3-2-0-is-out-improves-harmonic-mixing-adds-new-key-widget/ There’s some detail on it. I took a track from 115 BPM to 124 without a problem last Saturday.
That would be the Magic-the-gathering-esque Collectible Card Game, my dude.
Anytime! 🖖
This may be the most ill-informed, myopic thing I’ve read all day, and I spent all afternoon reading about amateur home optometrists. “Sure, we’ll do a back-door deal for one of your CCP royalty in complete contravention to the extradition agreements we are bound to.” The only way a comment like yours makes sense is if there’s actually a secret wing of the Liberal party communications team dedicated to putting out commentary that’s so odiously wrong headed that it motivated people to speak out against it in favour of the right action. That’s how damned wrong you are.
Exactly.
Where’s my proof of it? I know some of them. And I’m not a heartless internet asshole who thinks the entire world is a bowl of shit and it’s my job to shovel it down the throat of anyone who disagrees. Seriously, is this the world you live in?
B2B. Let’s do it.
ELF SHOT THE FOOD. God fucking damnit, Elf.
Seriously. It’s not like they’re going to run out of stock.
The person you’re replying to is just using that post to let us know how they identify. Back away from them slowly, try not to make eye contact. 😂
I mean this seriously: you’ve posted about being schizophrenic, so it seems like you’re channeling as a cry for help. If you haven’t done so recently, now is the time to seek professional assistance. If you have, please show them the discourse you’re having with people online. You’re not alone and help is available. It doesn’t have to be like this for you.
It’s a game, with no discernible effect on your life if you don’t to everything. Exercise some self-control and just step away.
Thank you. When you see a pattern of behaviour like what we saw here there are usually root causes. We’ve all been marginalized in some way at some time, and sometimes the difference between someone falling into despair and heading down a dark road is a little bit of compassion. We can try.
“I want them to maintain an ever growing code base without ever having anything go away. I paid my $10!!! I demand this” Get real.
WoW has a asubscription fee. Rift is dead. GW 2 is dead. The Division 1 is dead and div 2 has the same bitchy audience as destiny 2. Monster Hunter world is pure grind. Elder Scrolls online was a failure. Star Trek online is dead. Destiny 1 is legacy. Eve is laughable. Elite isn’t even close to comparable. Ghost recon? Come on, man.
Oh good lord. Go play them then. You’re insane.
Probably, eh? Strong thesis there, bold words.
❤️🙏
I typically hold back until the first gas pop on Hell in a Cell; if someone else goes for the ball, I’ll do the same. If they keep melting, I’ll melt. Heroic just feels better but I also don’t want to waste anyone else’s time if I don’t specifically need the H.
This is going to shock you, but I like shooting aliens. I run forges! I play menagerie. I do EP! I play the regular strike playlist!
I’m excited for Ahsoka, Obi Wan, and Annakin to beat the bad guys and live happily ever after. What? Why are you guys looking at me like that?
I hope you find what you’re looking for in the game that’s right for you. 🙏
I run a company, DJ regularly, and I’m taking another degree at the moment. I play for five, maybe six hours a week max. I hit level 103 on the artifact last night and got Bastion yesterday. The only weapons I don’t have are raid weapons. In this thread we have Shroedinger’s game: there’s both only 30 minutes of new content a week, and so much content that you can’t get it done in three months. I don’t even know what to say.
You get me.
I said this to someone else in another thread: there’s both not enough content for you, and so much content that some people can’t get it done in 90 days and they’re complaining that it goes away. I think most of us are probably somewhere in the middle: enough fun to play regularly not because it’s new but because we like the core game, and plenty of time to take a break and go do other things. It’s strange growing up on games that didn’t change and playing them for decades, and playing the shit out of them, and then conversely having these semi-persistent worlds where I can pop in and play in what feels like a dynamic experience for years. Maybe I just have different expectations.
For England, James.
Some of them are easy to figure out. Others? Not so much! 😂 I’ve linked them below if you want to check them out. [Here’s ether resupply](https://www.usgamer.net/articles/18-12-2018-destiny-2-guide-walkthrough-clans-dlc-tips/public-events-guide-how-to-trigger-them#section-5) [Taken Blight, both in the dreaming city and elsewhere](https://www.usgamer.net/articles/18-12-2018-destiny-2-guide-walkthrough-clans-dlc-tips/public-events-guide-how-to-trigger-them#section-8) [Rift generator. ](https://www.polygon.com/destiny-2-forsaken-guide/2018/9/4/17820126/heroic-public-events-cryo-pod-ether-ritual-rift-generator)
You are not alone, my dude. 🙏❤️😂
In my experience the vast majority fall somewhere in between. Expecting a mass market product to cater directly to anyone’s needs seems odd to me. I would be concerned if this weren’t precisely the cycle Destiny had taken for the last five years. Things have changed: the advent of seasons has meant the long droughts are gone, shortening the cycle. I believe that Bungie knows where the drop offs are, and they’re still tuning them; the content roadmap this year versus last, versus the previous three are all drastically different. I think back to Season of the Forge and Season of the Drifter, where it felt like everything revolves around those game modes; they’re trying to pace exotic quests out, adding missions like saving Saint-14, and so on. They’re literally testing in production, which would be insane by previous standards, but it’s a new model. We’re kind of along for the ride. There are things that I look at and think “I really hope the numbers show them this isn’t doing what they want” - elemental affinity is one; it doesn’t ruin the game for me, but it’s a layer of abstraction that makes me less interested and so I’m literally not even bothering to optimize around it. Alternately, their approach to champion mods, while I find it annoying, has pulled me out of my own comfortable meta and made me try new weapons... to find that they’re not “trash tier” like I thought but just that I wasn’t good at using them. That’s changing. I’m still having fun. There are also times where I sit down, boot up, look at the director and think “...fuck it, not feeling it” and go do other things. 😂
It looks like you’re pretty good at the game. Can I suggest /r/fireteams or /r/crucibleplaybook and finding a squad? It looks like you’d find one easy and could nail Legend no problem with the right support.
Well, I hope you can find a crew. Fight forever, guardian ❤️
Truth. My warrior is still out there, she saved the world a bunch of times. My old guild is trying to get me to come back for *one last job*. 😂
Is that a golf club behind you. Would you kindly hand it to me and stand still?
I'm so thrilled that you got to! Alan Cumming is an absolute gem. I AM INVINCIBLE!
I’m a lore nut, but this is oddly compelling.
I used it. I liked it. For me the rate was secondary; I hate the uncertainty of whether my cab will show up / can I find one along with “where the fuck is this guy taking me” plus “Jesus Christ I’m going to die and no one will ever know how bad of a driver this fuck is” to “what do you mean your credit/debit is down” that fuels my primary hatred of our existing cabs. Had they launched Kater and thrown their supporter it entirely things may have turned out differently for them. Still, I cry no tears for Vancouver taxi companies. This is schadenfreude to the max.
I believe it’s a partnership, not an ownership situation.
I did a little checking... [here’s the story about the launch as ride hailing. ](https://globalnews.ca/news/4824028/vancouver-taxi-industry-set-to-partner-with-ridesharing-app-kater-before-new-rules-come-into-effect/) [here’s their paid advertorial in BC Business. ](https://www.bcbusiness.ca/kater) [this is the only non-passworded page on their website I can find. ](https://www.kater.com/terms-conditions) I can’t log in to bconline right now so I can’t get more info on the company.
I wonder if I fat fingered something. Audio usually never auto plays.
I would imagine it’s either an automated system from the rights holder or someone not in the know. Crunchyroll has it all, and it's got a 14 day free trial.
It’s not entirely unusual. I got a note that they were shutting down operating until ride hailing was ready sometime last month; a lot of my clients will password protect their sites if they’re not in an operational phase. I’m surprised the contact us is blocked, but I imagine their on WordPress, and they went for the easy way of doing things.
I am laughing so hard right now. I used Kater while it was around but god damn what a botched application. 😂
It’s interesting seeing a comment I would write written by someone else. I hear that invade noise and it’s like “trusty litter hammerhead don’t fail me now...” &gt;Guardian down “Huh, Truth, eh? Didn’t see that one coming...” 😂😶😭
I see three cars live in my app. Holy shit.
I feel like it’s a scene out of some kind of anime: SURGEAPRIIIIIICE
Speaking of which I bought the Destiny X Palladium Moon Boots. I can’t wait until they get here.
[TIL, thank you!](https://brians.wsu.edu/2016/05/31/shoe-in/)
I do a gadget radio show and tv show in Canada. I have been a vocal advocate for Sonos for over a decade. They need to back down on this; I’m happy to shit talk them into the ground on a national platform if they don’t. Fuck everything about this.
Uber and Lyft launched in Vancouver today and I have to say I’m relieved. The vancouver taxi association has essentially held this area hostage with horrible service, under servicing people with accessibility issues, and predatory pricing for years. I don’t know what the solution is, but the racist, aggressive, dangerous rides I’ve dealt with in the past are not going to be a thing for me anymore.
What part about “I can report someone for these things on ride hailing successfully and I cannot do that with cabs, believe me I’ve fucking tried” do you not understand? Cabbies have zero accountability right now. They could change that. They’ve had a decade to do so in vancouver. They have not.
I honestly have no idea what's wrong with you.
Conversely I travel extensively for business around the world. I haven’t seen that in all of the major cities I’ve visited, including London, Toronto, Los Angeles, and So on. Sorry, your experience is completely counter to mine. And as such I’d suggest it might be localized to your city, and you should be petitioning your municipal government for better regulation.
I will always advocate for public options / services first, but if a private option is required they must be regulated in a way that promotes consumer protection. The cabs in Vancouver are unfortunately the opposite of that.
One of my production staff is a brilliant guy... and cheap. The problem is he’s being cheap with the company’s money, which he doesn’t have to do. Pirating plug-ins that cost a few hundred dollars and knocking out a high end graphics workstation? That’s a paddlin’.
They’re probably having trouble elucidating their “arguments” because the protagonist is the wrong age, race, and gender for their typical rage.
Exactly. I love taking transit. I’m only going g to use these services when I would have taken a cab. Transit &gt; car share &gt; ride share for me.
You can manage your manager by playing things politically; take the opportunity to ask about how and what you should be doing to change your results. You don’t need to make it a mission, but if you’re not high friction while also seeming to want to make thing better, they’ll leave you alone.
Unless you live in Canada and you’ve got the gay. Then they don’t even want to talk to you. With modern testing that seems insanely backwards to me, but there was a tainted blood scandal 30 years ago and of course that has to guide policy until the end of fucking time.
The problem with episodic content was the glacial pace at which “the bigger picture” moved, if at all. What was the bigger picture for TNG? Ironically, the first and last episodes are the best examples of serialization, mostly for a singular character that we’re now seeing spun off into a series that focuses more on that development. The reason for the switch isn’t because attention spans aren’t long enough, it’s because serialized content offers the same type of pace that real life does, with the type of progression of events that we are used to seeing in our friends, our family, and the world. The antithesis of this is Ensign Harry Kim, who despite dying multiple times and being replaced by another version of himself feels utterly homogenized over seven years and is still a damned ensign. Episodic content was a byproduct of syndication; a system where you could buy hours of content for your local station and play it in any damned order. It had to be familiar enough that you could just plop down and watch whatever. Cable and now streaming have killed that model; being able to watch the flow of a show at your pace means we can tell these more detailed stories and people can “catch up” if they miss an episode. I haven’t seen Picard yet, I’m watching today. I’m also a few days behind on Doctor Who. That used to mean, if I hadn’t taped it, I was shit out of luck. Instead my TV has an appointment with me, instead of me having an appointment with it.
I mean... he *is* Russian.
I enjoy the bit where you type a word, it autocorrects it to something else, so you go back and write the same fucking word again... and it autocorrects it again. Tell you what, phone, how about if I tell you to fucking stop you don't contradict me twice?
I've never seen Pioneer abbreviated as Pio before. I think I've been watching too much JoJo... In my head I can hear "you thought it was an affordable all-in-one that would move the industry forward in a beneficial way... but it was me, PIO!"
Also handy for "It's 3AM, I'm in no condition to car share, it's pouring, and there isn't a single transit line that I want to walk to in these conditions".
I live in a seven figure home that I own one block from Insite. I am fully in favour of it, and I believe we need to remove the drug supply from the black market. These folks aren’t stealing because they want to, they’re stealing because they need to pay drug dealers. The community here will not cease to exist if Insite disappears. The only change would be more disease, more misery, more crime, and more violence. There are some in this threat who have advocated “sending in the military” and locking them all up; that sounds like a crime against humanity to me. What is also a crime against humanity is the SRO housing situation; combined with the current drug market these places are like quicksand. It would be more humane to repossess all of them, knock them down, and build modern modular housing that is focused on treating the people who live here rather than leaving them to struggle and in most cases fail. Frankly, using entheogens to treat addiction seems to be gaining traction; I think the DTES would be an excellent place to pilot programs like this.
Energy weapons discharge most likely trigger alarms. You wanna murder someone? Do it analog.
“It’s thrall sashimi, Gordon. Stop being such a peasant.”
I misread the title of this post in Apollo and thought you were going to peel it back to reveal a cursed crypt. I mean, there could still be one down there. Roll me a perception check...
They're right though. What we saw was a man who stood for nothing, lied about even the smallest things, and was unable to elucidate any policies or answer any questions without the words "...but Trudeau". Andy was very clear about this. Thankfully Canadians who still have a modicum of independent thought declined to vote for him. Perhaps the CPC can field a candidate actually worth listening to in the next election, but if they cling to divisive politics and hackneyed parlour tricks I think we're in for a good run of minority alliances between the Liberals and the NDP. Which, quite frankly, is good for Canada, and therefore the world.
If you're gonna have a pet you might as well have him on a leash.
Chug that milk, Andy. It'll look great on camera...
I show up, I downvote all the whining crap I've read before, I move on to other subreddits. The game is fun, I like playing it, there are things that could be improved, I have more faith in Bungie than I do most of the armchair developers here. That is all.
As long as some old white guy is getting rich he’s all for it. After all: it might be his turn someday. Probably not... but there’s a chance.
I imagine they could take a vow of silence at this rate 😂
I’ll take a cold over cancer anyway.
I’ve met him, he’s a genuinely good guy and not nearly a shadow of the tyrant the alt white make him out to be. That said, I voted for the NDP in my riding. I live in the Downtown East Side of Vancouver and it’s very much an area that needs stronger, more progressive leadership than anyone has shown in over two decades.
I mean, it was New Berlin at one point... By which I mean: duck this guy and and everything he stands for.
I guess we’ll find out.
So a day before reset you’re complaining because not everyone knows the mechanics? Are you suggesting that the game should be spoon fed to everyone? Based on one instance? Come on, man
You don’t speak for me, either, and putting a cheerful face on a massive assumption is incredibly arrogant. Especially when you’re just parroting the company line of malcontents. There are plenty of us (my entire clan) who enjoy the game who don’t speak up here because we get attacked and voted through the floor. As far as loving the game: your passive aggressive comment really wasn’t needed, man. I’ve still got the D1 alpha installed. I think it’s rude and silly to get into a “who loves the game more” contest, but I think you might lose that one to far, far more of us than you’d think.
Part this and part bosa towers. I live in gas town now. It’s peaceful by comparison.
The personal attack is not welcome. Please don’t.
I spent $280 CAD on Musicians Earplugs and it's been a godsend. I'm sorry about your condition; I hope there's something medical science can do for you in the future.
Just turn gravity off again. My cat does it frequently.
Custom ear moulds.
I went with a flat 15dB cut; it seems to work for me. I can have them in anywhere and still chat or work.
I get the feeling I’ve Blade Barraged and managed to fire off a second one before landing. I’m not sorry.
Hopefully Joe keeps telling people to vote for people other than him.
If I'm the opener I pick an anchor track; it'll usually be on theme if the event has a theme (I DJ a fair number of burner events), or a remix to give people something latch on to. If I'm mixing in I typically try to get the feel of the previous DJ and have a jumping off point that meets our two sets in the middle. I usually have about 2-3x as much music in my prepped crate as I do time, but I've also got a few pillar tracks that I know I want to get to a some point. I'm opening a show next week; I know where the other DJ wants to start. I've got a starting track and a few routes to the last track based on how the dance floor runs.
Take away? Tech wear never smiles. Edit: for the record, these are awesome :)
Little lion man. ❤
Following.
While there’s some crossover I am hoping that they see that audiences are still willing and excited to play single player games. There’s money to be made.
Look at this screen Isn’t it neat? Wouldn’t you think My home theatre’s complete? Wouldn’t you think I’m a girl... Girl who has everything?
I had a super pod that “died” on me last week and mysteriously powered back up again a day later.
It’s really hard to run out of digital product.
It’s way too early in the morning for that, dude.
Absolutely. I was going to open a ticket, but it came back to life on its own. I’ll give you a heads-up if it happens again.
Spider-mobile, please.
One of my friends goes by DJ Trash Panda. She's going to love this.
The going joke in Vancouver is "What's the difference between a porcupine and a supercar?" The porcupine has its pricks on the outside.
That feels like watching the news right now.
/r/mycology has entered the chat
Gastown sends its regards. Welcome to our world.
As an RPAL holder I would like to see a restriction on the total number of firearms someone can own. 3 rifles, two shotguns and one handgun sounds fine. You can hunt and compete in 3 Gun... and we can stop fetishizing gun ownership. If these are tools, you get to pick which tools are most important to you, and own them. I’d also like to see the CFO expanded, with additional background checks done regularly, along with interviews and some insight into social media usage. There’s a clear pattern of mental health issues and radicalization that go hand in hand with mass shootings. As for people caught violating the firearms act or committing a crime with a gun: this is one place the Harper government got it right: mandatory minimum 10 years.
Watch Life On Mars. All I gotta say :)
I just watched it again with my partner. Still holds up.
I’ve seen season one of both, and now have to get moving on them.
Rough gig :(
They’re not ruining it. They’re the kid that sat at the table beside the kids playing D&amp;D who got kicked out because they tried to rape every NPC “because it’s what my character would do.” After realizing they’d never get to play they decided to live out the power fantasy in the real world. Shame they’ve got negative fucking charisma, low wisdom, and low intelligence. From the look of him I’d say his constitution score is pretty low too... pun intended.
Alright stop. Collaborate and listen.
You can tell when he’s still riding the come up in his adderall because he uses words like phenomenal and fantastic.
Valid, although both the VISOR and Airiam had subsets of the “cybernetics bad” storylines as both were co-opted at some point.
Yes, indeed, it does look like it was processed and turned into a training program in a reality where you can download kung fu into someone's head. The real point here is that Jet Li existed in The Matrix universe at some point and an algorithm based on this movie was uploaded to both Morpheus and Neo.
You're confusing bitrate and sample rate. 192kbps is a bitrate. 48kHz is a sample rate.
I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be seeing here.
I had to download the new app from their website; the desktop app wouldn't update for me.
Yikes. Here: https://getconnectedmedia.com/the-sonos-s2-update-what-you-need-to-know/ This should help.
OCD is a hell of a thing. Glad I don't have it.
So each officer gets two.
This song takes my breath away every time I hear it; I can't believe it's been 23 years.
I appreciate you.
&gt; The funny thing is, they did this EXACT BULLSHIT BEFORE. It was called PowerPC, and they couldn’t keep up with the R&amp;D budgets of Intel or AMD (among other issues) and ended up giving in and switching to Intel. Hey, could you knock it off with revisionist history? PowerPC was a joint venture between Motorola and IBM, with Apple as a customer. THEY couldn’t keep up with Apple’s needs. That’s why Apple brought their chip design in house: because now Intel and AMD are playing the role of IBM and Motorola, not able to match Apple’s speed of development and deployment of new processors. Seriously, you’ve got this 100% backwards.
I just walk away when the negativity starts. I didn't play most of the last season because I wasn't finding myself having a good time and recognized that I've got lots of other things to do. I went and did them. I'll play for the next few weeks and see how I feel; overall I love Destiny and it's the only game I play, but rather than work myself into a lather over it when I'm not having fun, I'm happy to be elsewhere. Maybe balance comes with age, but I can't remember myself getting angry at any game for burning myself out; I certainly have never started to see good times in a bad light because of it either. Being angry at something that I alone have direct control of has never made sense to me.
Actually /r/TIMAASOPCFEO Today I made an app so other people can fuck each other.
Close. The Xbox used a Pentium 3 733MHz processor [wiki](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xbox_(console)). The GameCube used a PowerPC Gekko 750 CXe 486MHz processor [wiki](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/GameCube). PowerPC was pretty powerful, but they simply couldn’t increase frequency without the chips getting too hot or eating too much power. Steve had OS X running on x86 years before the transition. You can bet Tim has had it running on ARM probably since the A7, definitely since the A8. The moment they went 64-bit on the A series the writing was on the wall.
The PlayStation 3 used a Toshiba/Sony/IBM-designed processor known as [Cell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cell_(microprocessor\)) that was a modified PowerPC with co-processing units. The Xbox 360 used a tri-core PowerPC code named Xenon (not to be confused with Intel's Xeon). The Wii used a 729MHz PowerPC codenamed Broadway. The Wii U used a 1.24 GHz tri-core PowerPC chip codenamed Espresso. None of which are the Original Xbox that novedx mentioned, but it was a fun trip down memory lane. I remember the keynotes for all of those, including the OG Xbox where Microsoft managed to score the developer of Marathon for this new game they were putting out called Halo.
There’s so much oil on this plate that the Americans are going to invade!
I like lunching with Two Shakes Frakes. He took me to FatBurger last time, strawberry was the word of the day.
Adam West might have the crown here. Adam West played Doc Holiday in Sugarfoot in 1958, as well as Colt .45 and Lawman in 1959. He also appeared as Adam West in both Futurama and Family Guy.
They know it is software and are issuing a fix.
/r/bdsm See above As many as you can handle It adds a lot of low end to your safe words.
You can get the same info from Russia Today. Alternately you can try [here](https://www.thebrainwashingofmydad.com).
“This is covered under warranty, right?”
Singer sewing machines needs a commercial with two rednecks sitting beside each other sewing away then one guy leans over and says “...that thing got a hemming?”
Anyone found violating their agreement should be permanently banned from visiting our country again. I don’t know why we’re playing with these fools.
You could defund the police in the DTES and few would notice. Folks from Surrey who drive in to operate a flea market daily on Hastings are the norm now. The fights that go with vendors who throw a tarp down for a storefront are frequent and never bothered by the VPD.
Ordinary civilians don’t carry power tools that will be used as weapons and most likely don’t have meth-strength or crack-confidence. Any police officer itching to feel relevant while still being terrified (rightly so) of the actual criminals in this city will find a victim in a group that has something to lose and they can put a hurt on relatively easily. The VPD is failing all of us by policing they way they are.
You may be right, TheRealCumSlinger, but I don’t think so.
Any canon errors in any pre-TNG era Trek can be chalked up to Riker fucking around with the holodeck program we're watching with him. :)
You're a good neighbour for respecting and living the right actions right now. Thank you. It's appreciated.
I think it's a cultural thing; it's present in many things and best represented by the fool currently cowering in the basement of the White House unsure if he'll be able to get a double-scoop in prison. "I alone..." he's said before. The idea of personal freedoms and autonomy above all to the detriment of society around them has been the only part of American culture some of them observe, without a second thought for anyone else. Folks like that don't deserve entry to our country, not when they're putting lives in danger here.
I sincerely don’t have time for it right now.
No.
It’s rare I read a comment this tone deaf or stupid.
Thank you. We know that at least half of you are sane. Good luck with November. I believe things will get better for you.
You have every bit of love and support we can send.
He’s an angry incel gamer alt-righter who marathons the same shows over and over in place of having a personality. Don’t waste your time.
Get someone to give your shoulders a squeeze, pop rocks. It might relieve the pressure you’re suffering.
Indeed.
It will be worth waiting. My love and thanks to you both.
Fact.
I’d be good with that.
You're in charge of your own Destiny experience. If you want to pay for a game you don't play that's totally your call.
Hot take: The destroyed Gallifrey that nine remembers is the Gallifrey we’re seeing now.
The former.
Penicillin might help.
How much are we talking here?
A paper cut that left the deepest wound on my heart.
Come check out Cordova Lane. Anytime, any day. There's nothing clean about how stuff is acquired; dumpsters are emptied daily for a couple of bucks.
No one is asking. They will break locks and cut chains to get access. That shit is then put on blankets on the street to be resold to other disadvantaged people in order to eek out more money to give to drug dealers. This program is cancer.
You know, it’s the craziest thing: no one will say when I ask them.
Where do you think that’s supposed to go?
Exactly. It’s essentially the creation of a make-work slave class. But don’t even get me started on the idea that employment is necessary to confer “benefits”. I own a multimillion dollar company and I find it abhorrent that someone has to work for someone like me to get optical, dental, and prescription coverage. I will gladly pay more in taxes to eliminate the means testing that is keeping people for the care that they need.
We get to be friends.
It’s amazing how we can see exactly who you are and how you want to craft the narrative in two sentences. Yes, it’s a big deal. No, it’s not the biggest. Parliament can address it while working remote, those guns aren’t coming back, and your talking points are tired.
Disagree. I love the Kelvin series but it’s hard to see a way forwards with them. You’re entitled to your opinion but it feels more like counterbutthurt than actual analysis.
Anytime I see someone say “there’s no reason...” to something it makes me laugh. It means they either lack the objectivity to consider possibilities that may not be their first impulse, the imagination to see other creative outcomes, or both. There are many paths through an open door, and few through a closed one. I think it’s well within the realm of Star Trek to close a loop, and it would honour the fans of both groups as we do. Besides, this is the wrong series to be dealing “in absolutes” 😂
❤️🙏
Wrong guy, my dude. I love the Kelvin verse and have since day one. If you see a future forwards for a massive budget cast in the future when CBS is redirecting its efforts towards prime I’d love to hear it; I want to see a fitting end for a cast I love. I also want DS9 in 4K, so you can see the kind of optimist I am.
John Cho is a great actor but doesn’t have the chops to carry a separate timeline.
I bought a top of the line iMac in 2012 and it's only now starting show its age; Final Cut Pro and Logic Pro X still fly on it, it's only now that I'm getting footage in 8K that I needed to upgrade to the new 16" MacBook Pro. Even our 2013 Mac Pros are toughing it out. Obsolescence won't come to current models for the same timeframe. This is going to be a slower roll-out for Pro machines.
It's so amusing watching people like you who can't conceive that Apple has solved the problem of emulation with the low end while sticking with Intel for their workstation and Pro class for the time being. "I guess I'm being left in the cold" says beleaguered 'pro' before any announcements are made. Seriously. Just seriously.
It's never been more clear why Apple needs to move away from Intel for their thin and light class of computers. Intel just can't keep up.
I'd give them 48 hours, and if they're found deviating from the route they're arrested, shipped back to the border via a bus, and we liquidate their assets.
Anytime. I subscribed and I’ll drop you a line if I’ve got more thoughts (video production is part of what the company I’m a partner in does 😀 )
Username checks out, that comment doesn’t even come close to making sense.
It would be great to live near this guy. You know your house is never going to be the one that gets egged.
I’ve never understood paying to not play a video game. The only thing they’re cheating is themselves.
That takes me back to the day the music died.
Two comments in this post from junior day traders who are looking to influence stock prices. It's almost embarrassing to see.
Silicon. Silicone is something you use to seal your bathroom.
I found myself wondering "what kind of person writes a post phrased this way" and found it answered at the end: the kind of person who signs their reddit posts.
All good. We’ve all caulked that up at least once.
Lemme hear you wind dat shit Hit the wax Dropping the needle on Chopin’s tracks Two turn tables and a microphone? Fuck that, fool, it’s a gramophone. This is why I spin and don’t spit.
This has been my perspective. I love what I do for a living and I see my initial retirement as semi-retirement. The thought of not doing what I do is alien to me. So I drive the car I want and go on the trips I want to enrich my life now. I suppose if you hate what you do and think “being retired” is the goal then socking it all away makes sense. I’m still saving for retirement, but The RE part of FIRE doesn’t appeal to me.
I wasn't able to watch DS9 in real time when it was broadcast (school and work) but I didn't have a problem with what it was trying to do from what I watched. I fell in love with it on DVD - same goes for Babylon 5. Some folks like one or the other; I think they're both brilliant. Voyager and Enterprise disappointed me separately (while still having some excellent individual episodes) because it felt like squandered opportunity and a retread, respectively. Discovery and Picard took risks (with respect to what the franchise has been) which I appreciate... and I like the stories they are telling.
Oddly enough you can't contract a fatal collision by coming within six feet of a car.
You've got a sucking chest wound and a case of syphillis. Both need to be treated. Now do you want me to work on this chest wound or should we take the time to get you on those antibiotics first?
If that’s the case I’m there already 😂
Someone on reddit kept telling me about the dynastic power of the "big blue tent" over a decade ago. He was right, temporarily. Glad to see he's ultimately been proven wrong by a group of morons that couldn't lead a party at Chuck E. Cheese.
It's Vancouver. I pay that for tacos. Now right this way to the HELOC loan officer, friend...
You’re working really hard to try to make it seem like you’re even in the same ballpark of oppression. You’re not. Only when you start to actually acknowledge that can the discussion even start; in the meantime you get to look like the asshole because you’re behaving like one.
I was going to say this Trumps it, but we’re making presidential puns so that doesn’t fit at all.
Apparently the cocaine was 20% phenatecin. That’s a carcinogen that was banned in the 70s. Causes kidney cancer. Kind of an odd choice for promoting clean supply unless you’re doing it ironically.
Usenet was a thing.
Yeah, but we were the cool kids.
I’ve got a pair of their YU6 speakers. They’re great.
Gambit: the mode where PvE folks are pissed that they have to PvP and PvP folks are pissed that they have to PvE. Add in the fact that you’re dependent on a team that’s assigned to you if you don’t fire team up, and that team is usually a bunch of numpties (or you are the numpty), coupled with the irritating as fuck invasion noise and screen tint, tracking weapons or crossmap deletes, wall hacks, insane melt combos, these bizarre moments where you can tank the world and then suddenly you die to a sneeze, and just a general malaise of fuckery, and you’ve got a mode that I hate just as much as Reckoning. It feels like a treadmill of all of the things I hate about Destiny. It’s easily avoided for the most part, so I do.
Replace your batteries. Your scale is measuring your body fat by passing a charge through your body. Batteries start producing less power, yielding less charge being sent, meaning your scale is measuring more resistance. Happens on my Aria. Replace the batteries, body fat goes back to normal.
“We regret to announce the cancellation of SuperDogs after the first showing as the cast all ran after the first car through and haven’t been seen since...”
You’re so close to understanding universal basic income. So close.
Billions of people stuck at home world wide thinking "maybe I can start making music like I always said I was going to". Speaking from personal experience. That said, I know how to download a manual, sign up for some online courses, and figure it out myself.
I mean this kind of jokingly but kind of not: it’s almost like there’s a generation that is being raised that has every answer in the universe one search term away... and yet they’ve still forgotten how search engines work 😂
Get yourself some mint tea. Every once in a while I eat something that bloats me and tries to kill me - nearly doubling the size of my stomach. A cup of peppermint tea fixes my shit.
Hangouts has been cancelled. At this rate Meet is on pace to be cancelled by Q4.
I grabbed 100g from David’s tea and keep it I one of their airtight containers. Decent and high quality. They have a Rescue 911 bundle that has some other good teas for different ailments.
They sell some rock sugar, which is nice. They also have agave syrup. I find the cold and illness blends are best with no sugar, just straight up :)
❤ 😀
God I'd hate to be the taxidermist working on that project.
The rise in awareness of the well-armed left should be scaring the 2A cosplayers. There's a whole contingent of centre and left-leaning patriotic Americans who own guns but don't worship at the Temple of the Firearm Phallus who are now speaking up. It goes back to "there are more of us than there are of you, and the one thing you thought you had as an advantage? Yeah, no." Hell, the cosplayers couldn't go a few weeks without a haircut. All they're going to do is get themselves hurt.
This is what a pioneering spirit looks like.
One of the things I find is that there's a subset of gadget nerds that are, for lack of a better word, cheap. Premium products are met with scorn. It's the Apple/everything else debate all over the place. Me? I'll pay the premium for convenience; what looks like a deal because you saved $100 on a hub turns out to be hours of extra work somewhere down the line. I paid more for Lutron dimmers in my old place and again here in my new place because they're rock solid. I pay more for Sonos because it's rock solid. There are very few things that can be cheap enough to warrant me spending anything be the bare minimum managing them, so I'll take a hub every time.
Control pre-dates Moriarty by nearly a century, sadly. I want to see Pulaski back. Diana Muldaur is only 81.
It’s a shame because even with only one season she’s one of my favourite characters. The woman brought texture and incredible verve to every scene.
Probably the same economic plan that doesn't offload a private company's profit requirements onto our provincial health care system.
Yelling at me doesn't make your sentence any more valid. I am not going to actively take part in activities that are, from what we're seeing, likely to leave me and my loved one with permanent damage. I understand that your brain isn't getting much oxygen anyway, but we do not need to pander to the needs of private corporations on the backs of our tax dollars and the alveoli of our lungs. You're dumber than you sound if you think that's a valid course of action.
Thanks internet tough guy, I'll take that under advisement.
I’m going to go with “a steady diet of radicalizing online content being substituted for personal growth”.
I don't bet on the ponies or toss my mortgage payment on the roulette table either. You'll pardon me if I err on the side of not winning the holy fuck I get winded walking up the stairs for the rest of my natural life lottery if I don't have to.
But Control can't become that now, because it's stuck in Disco's Sporeatorium, magnetically locked to the floor. Unless of course Control becomes that at some point in the future, sending the sphere data back into the past to meet itself because this was all pre-destined and oh my fucking god someone get Sarah Connor or The Doctor (from Gallifrey, not the EMH) already, this bootstrap shit is driving me bonkers. :)
Tell you what: we’ll split the difference and not purée our dinner and we can both agree that importing coronavirus on rammed-full flights so that airlines can make *additional not even necessary to sustain operation* profit is something we can both do without.
Allow me: Half a million people are dead worldwide. 9/11 killed 3000. We grounded flights for three days after that. If we carry the math through that gives us 500 days of grounded flights for a similar death toll. But I’m not even asking for grounded flights. We’re saying that no corporation should be ignoring the recommended guidelines for consumer travel to maintain profit levels. If the flights can’t be flown within the rules we have established with social distancing, they can either be subsidized by the government (which means the airline is admitting they were unprepared for this crisis and therefore must be re-nationalized) or they can fold. We are allowing the profits of a corporation to become a vector for the death of Canadians, and that, to me, in unacceptable.
&gt;in summary I’m fine if people die as long as Air Canada shareholders make money Got it. Thanks for contributing. Wash for more than 20 seconds. The blood won’t come out that quick.
And entirely central to mine, which you missed like Baggio in World Cup '94. Literally the thing I've been talking about the entire time, while you went off on this odd narrative journey on your own. Let me repeat again for you, one last time: CORPORATE PROFIT SHOULD NOT BE ACQUIRED IF IT REQUIRES CONSUMERS TO IGNORE RECOMMENDED GUIDELINES. Which the airline industry is doing now. Do you get it yet or do you need me to find some way to get it to you in braille?
&gt; There are other reasons we’d want higher capacity air travel than ‘corporate profits for airline shareholders’.. Oh do go on, let’s hear them.
&gt;I’m not making a point Finally we agree.
The Vancouver Police Department still has one of the largest collections of Thompsons out there. The Chicago Typewriter was almost two pounds heavier, not including the 50 and 100 round drums. Beefy little banger.
I think it was also designed to give them room in their relationship to grow, and it was a perspective we hadn’t seen much of on TNG. I liked the tension, it allowed for resolution and to test the fibre of Data’s character. She needed more time.
“Sir, there’s a chronoton field to starboard that is in dynamic flux; readings are rapidly oscillating between 12 and 47 milliSagans... It’s wibbly wobbly, sir”
It’s true, Scheer is more of a skeg than a rudder; a small protrusion, completely underwater, keeps going in the same disastrous direction that he started, and every time he talks its clear that he’s drowning.
If you actually had anything to refute we could have a discussion. Instead we have you insisting you have an argument and when pressed you tell me you don’t have time to prove it. That you think I should give your inability to prove your point any credence isn’t tribalism, it’s the expectation of indulgence that you’re not due. The fault here is entirely yours. If you make an argument you’d better be able to back it up, not just throw your hands in the air and whine that I’m being mean to you for trying to hold you to an intellectually honest standard.
*nods sagely* hmm. Yes. That’s something I hadn’t considered and a good point. God I love Star Trek 😀
He’s on the clapper. 👏 👏 Gowron 👏 👏 Gowroff
