Plus, iirc if you don't take the heart container from the Death Shop, it shows up in the future instead
Yeah, it surprised me as well!
Naturally, the Angel Statue wouldn't do anything, to reference the old joke.
No, it's actually a ***nerfed*** gun. It used to deal more damage and have more knockback. (It's still really good though)
You also found the greatshovel ***after travelling to the future.*** Everyone dies eventually. It's possible that the future where Ganon is at is a good *long* while into the future, considering you can see Child Ganon in the regular timeline, and I believe Gerudo tend to have longer lives. (And in turn, probably take longer to grow up) Also I think this is technically the only time we've ever seen Ganon as a child?
Definitely Gerudo Valley's Peaceful theme. That WHISTLE tho. Though a close second, I'd have to say the Overworld Combat theme! It's so good, and has four different overworld songs mixed into one! I love it!
That, or he just got transported to the future via the same portal method.
Who's to say the Merchant doesn't have a sense of humour?
**Blue** roses? Extremely. Not just blue flowers in general though - blue pansies are fairly common (and all over my town)
... Just like Gracie.
Can you even get Flare Guns in the dungeon?
Yelets and Code 2 require a Mechanical Boss kill, but otherwise this is accurate.
They seem a bit too light to be blue, but it could be the camera and lighting. I can't exactly tell myself, I'm colourblind (I mostly rely on the pickup text to tell me if they're blue or not)
Yes. Of which the easiest way of getting them is to go into the Underground Desert. You go into the desert FOR the early accessories. Having them already before going in kinda makes the point moot.
This is correct. Generally I go accessory hunting in the desert before even the Eye of Cthulhu, unless it's Expert because that shield is a mobility accessory in itself
I imagine Capcom may actually put the base game on sale soon so that more people get into it for when the Iceborne expansion releases.
I can't imagine it being on sale for that price at the moment. Lowest it's been so far is £32 ($40).
Twice in a row, even.
Oh, good point. I looked only at the Steam price, though it doesn't appear to be on Game Pass for PC (yet)
... and kick gum.
NecroDancer has never really been good at scaling difficulty. I mean, even in the base game, you jump from Melody (who for the most part, has similar difficulty to Cadence) straight into Aria (who suddenly has to deal with not one, but ~~*three*~~ ***five*** crippling new mechanics: basic dagger only, no health, die on skipped beat, do zones backwards, enemies invade later zones) Personally, I feel like one of these could have easily gone onto Melody to ease players in (perhaps have Melody simply take a half-heart of damage on a skipped beat, making it still bad but not game-ending) I get that they probably did that because it's so easy to "self-impose" some of those rules onto Cadence (Dagger only, mostly)... but I'd much rather have a character dedicated to it rather than having to fight muscle-memory for the sake of a challenging run which isn't quite as punishing as Aria. (Though admittedly, in Cadence of Hyrule going dagger-only is easier because you can easily switch back if you accidentally pick something up) Though yeah, there definitely needs to be something in between a normal run and Permadeath. (And some harder options for Permadeath, too - like no health drops.)
This is why I did a non-permadeath 3-heart dagger-only run first before going straight for Yves. (I haven't even considered Yves yet, actually) Trying to learn how to deal with all enemies using just a dagger while still having room for error (because I was playing as Zelda) was nice but not overly punishing like Yves would have been, and not having Permadeath on that run allowed me wiggle-room for learning boss fights (I'm still terrible at the Wizzroboe and Octavo fights) Also Zelda can use items and that's just *fun.*
It helps that some of the more powerful weapons are specifically lategame (a good chunk of the "Legendary" weapons can only be found in the final dungeon), and glass got nerfed to be 3 damage instead of 4.
I recently did the entire lava dungeon without the Goron Locket. That was *weird,* especially the fight with the Bass Guitarmos Knights. I didn't dislike it though, I just had to apply a new strategy. (Having a Titanium Dagger helped, I don't think my Emerald Spear would have cut it for that fight.) Though there are more methods to getting to and from the Frozen Grotto. Both the Ice Rod and the Cane of Somalia allows you to make a bridge over.
Cadence starts with the dagger, and Link can just tank the hit. (It only deals half a heart) I'm not sure if the challenge would be possible though - I feel like you need a shovel do to a lot of the puzzles in the Gerudo Desert, and the game will be dropping shovels and torches randomly like they're candy if you don't already have one held (essentially giving each enemy defeated a random chance to drop "Monk's Gold")
Both running out of time and finding the stairs will force you onto the next floor. Running out of time however will spawn a trap door under your feet. Trap doors will *always* break your Coin Multiplier, and if the miniboss of the floor hasn't been defeated, you will be forced to fight it and three random enemies on the next floor in a tiny room. The forced miniboss fight is usually a lot harder than fighting it normally due to the closed-in space, so it's wise to avoid doing that unless you're an expert at the game. If your goal is to keep all your health for the end-of-zone boss, you will fail miserably. (Regular trap doors do all of this as well - it's not just waiting out the song.) Also of note: Some characters (Aria and Coda) die when their Coin Multiplier is lost, so falling into a trap door will instantly kill them. Another character (Dove) requires you to play through the levels normally, as she also dies from trap doors (but not from losing a coin multiplier).
c) You just take the MicroSD card out of your Switch, put it in your computer (or even your phone), and upload it from there. No social media required!
There's a character called "Bard" which plays identically to Fixed Beat mode, but do note that Bard doesn't have access to the main story bosses that the three primary characters (Cadence, Melody and Aria) do. (There is a story reason for this.) Although... you probably won't be fighting all the main story bosses anyway unless you're godlike at the game. Cadence and Melody is easy enough, reaching their unique bosses isn't much pain. But playing as Aria? *Good luck.* She's even harder than Cadence of Hyrule's secret character.
To expand on this somewhat, the game was designed with only the directional buttons in mind, because it was designed with a *dance pad* in mind. It's very possible to play NecroDancer on a dancepad using only the four arrows. (And a pause button, if you need to pause ever.)
Yeah, I find myself completely *ignoring* the word "please" simply because it's lost all meaning to me - to me, "please" is just a word abused by rude children in order for them to get their way. If you're rudely shouting at me "GIVE ME A CHOCOLATE BAR PLEASE"... you're still shouting rudely. Bonus points if the "please" is said in an especially mocking tone. Better to just ask calmly in a non-aggressive tone. "May I have a chocolate bar?" might not contain the exact word "please" but it's a whole lot nicer to the people around you. ("Thank you", inversely, has *all* the meaning - as it shows you still care about people even after you've recieved what you want.)
You're still earning the items yourself, it's not cheating at all. Not everything will spawn in a single world, you're encouraged to worldhop.
So Shadowscale-tier? Alright then. I'll mostly go over armour and accessories as other people seem to have got the weapons covered. **Crimson Armour** which you would have gotten from the Brain is especially useful - while the 6% increased damage (to all types) seems a bit lacking, Crimson Armour's true strength lies in its set bonus, which increases your health regeneration speed by 50%. This is incredibly useful for basically the rest of Normalmode, and maybe even early Hardmode before you make yourself a new set of armour. If you're willing to world-hop, you can also get **Shadowscale Armour** from a Corruption world, which increases Melee attack speed and movement speed. It's not quite as good as Crimson's regen buff, but it's good for Melee builds if you don't need the regen. If you plan on specialising in Magic weapons, there's also **Meteor Armour** which is pretty great if you plan on using magic weapons - a full set of Meteor Armour increases the damage of magic weapons by 21%, as well as making the Space Gun weapon require 0 Mana to fire. It's a really good combo, and arguably slightly overpowered for where in the game you get it. **Jungle Armour** is also pretty good for magic, sacrificing some damage for extra Mana and reduced Mana usage on all weapons, as well as having a little extra defence compared to Meteor. As for accessories, you should have Hermes Boots and maybe a Cloud by now. If not, dive into the Underground Desert and grab some! If you've encountered a Goblin Army, you should encounter the Goblin Tinkerer underground, who will move into your town. He sells both Rocket Boots and the Tinkerer's Table, both being incredibly useful items. Rocket Boots basically give you a second of flat-out *flight,* while the Tinkerer's Table lets you combine similar accessories into one. (For example, Hermes Boots and Rocket Boots can be combined into Spectre Boots, having the bonuses of both.) As for other accessories, I'll make a list of some early usefuls: * **Spectre Boots** I'll mention again, because they're essential. A second of flight plus the speed of Hermes Boots. They're so good. * **Celestial Cuffs** are fantastic for Magic builds. They increase the pickup range of mana stars (Celestial Magnet, sold by the Travelling Merch) while also recovering Mana from any damage you take (Magic Cuffs, from a Mana Regen Band and a Shackle) - note that you'll need to break Shadow Orbs in a Corruption world to get the Band of Starpower to make the Mana Regen Band. * **Feral Claws** are great for Melee builds. Acquired from the Underground Jungle, they increase your Melee attack speed by 12%. * **Obsidian Shield** is a combination of the Cobalt Shield (from the Dungeon) and an Obsidian Skull (crafted). It allows you to stand on hot blocks (like Hellstone and Meteorite) as well as resisting knockback from attacks. You also get a free +2 defence. * Weirdly enough, a **Shackle** is surprisingly useful early on, if only because of its drop rate. Because it drops so commonly, chances are you're going to get one with a really good modifier. A Warding Shackle is a whopping *+5* Defence, which is really good early on. The shackle itself isn't great, but it's the easiest accessory to get a good modifier on. * A **Lava Charm** is especially useful, but also very rare. Found near the lava layer in the Caverns, it allows you to harmlessly swim in lava for up to 7 seconds. Very useful when mining in dangerous places. If you're playing in Expert Mode, you'll also have access to: * The **Shield of Cthulhu**, which is absolutely essential to any build. Expert Bosses are fast, so you need to move faster. * The **Hive Pack** makes some of your bees better, which is great for any build except Melee. The Bee's Knees (Ranged), the Bee Gun (Magic) and Beenades (Throwing) all benefit from this. The Beekeeper (Melee) also benefits, but it's not a very good weapon. As for your other accessory slots... it's mostly down to your playstyle. You're probably still at the "get what you're dealt with" stage at this point, so keep exploring underground to find new accessories.
No.
A bridge. Building a long walkway to fight the WoF on helps so much. Make sure you can Hermes-run the whole thing without stopping. Other than that, a good ranged attack should help you. Personally, I prefer the Phoenix Blaster - but that might be because I'm old-fashioned. Any bee-based weapon (The Bee's Knees, Bee Gun, Beenades) are incredibly useful as they'll just destroy multiple parts at once. Pick one that goes with your build, though Beenades go with anything.
You probably won't have fun doing such. I think even playing with a controller would be easier, as Terraria is fully compatible with any USB controller, thanks to Steam. (This includes controllers like the Switch Pro Controller!)
There is no announced release date yet. Retailers like GameStop are known to be incorrect on this, so have caution.
Definitely start with just **Vanilla**. Terraria is a *huge* game, and the base game alone should last you for at least a few hundred hours. The base game itself has something like ~4,000 items in the game, with ~500-600 different NPCs to encounter, both friend and foe. This isn't Minecraft - the base game is not an empty canvas. If you insist on playing modded with tModLoader, try to keep to only Quality-of-Life mods (like Yet Another Boss Health Bar and Helpful Hotkeys) Big mods like Thorium and Calamity alter how the game generates its worlds, so you'll need to make a new world when they're loaded. Both mods have unique blocks and biomes which appear in the world, which won't be there if you generated the world without them beforehand.
I don't think they even care much about getting into the Temple early, considering you can easily do so with hoiks iirc.
Sticky Bombs. People sleep on them, but they're actually one of the fastest ways to dig. (But honestly, I wouldn't bother containing the Corruption anyway, unless it's right on the Jungle. You can easily purify it later with the Clentaminator.)
I didn't think the current version of Mobile was compatible with a controller.
None of which bridge the gap at all. Eli, Dorian and Dove are more just silly side-mode "what ifs" rather than the main mode, and Bolt is just Cadence but twice as fast. Which leaves Monk... which is arguably just as annoying as Aria.
Considering that Ganondorf is usually *taller* than Link, yes.
Yes, I've noticed this too. The beat detection definitely isn't as good as NecroDancer's, which is weird because it should be exactly the same. I've also had it happen *outside* of a song's loop point though, so I don't think it's the only cause.
I think he meant more like an equivalent to Hunter Arts? Because Dauntless doesn't have that (unless you count weapon modifications), but it does have special attacks on each weapon (like Monster Hunter's "R Button" attacks)
To be fair, Dauntless did the whole "tenderising" mechanic that the Clutch Claw does first, so you could argue that they got *that* from Dauntless. (I'm not on about the clutching mechanic itself, just the whole "opening up weak points" thing)
I imagine that before World, it was the Guild who goes out and identifies the strength of the monster, and assigns it to specific ranks of hunters depending on how strong they identified the monster as. After World, it's simply because the monsters around have absorbed Zorah's bioenergy
SMGs are the meta iirc but the shotgun did just get a buff
So you have a mod which alters the drop rate, then.
The next Steam Sale is estimated to be under a week away.
They drop from Chaos Elementals with a 0.2% drop rate, the rate is unaffected by Expert Mode. Chaos Elementals themselves only spawn in the Underground Hallow.
There's information in the [June State of the Game](https://forums.terraria.org/index.php?threads/terraria-state-of-the-game-june-2019.80381/) which was uploaded 2 days ago.
She voices DJ Grooves???
It's not that easy to speak in certain tone of voice in text. EDIT: Oh my god I just got baited by a bot
If you're in Hardmode, there's probably Crimson underground which is creeping up. Even a single block of Crimson will spread to the entire beach, sand is especially easy to crimrupt.
*Both.* If you're under 50% Fishing Power (or if you're fishing in a pool under 300 tiles big), you have a chance to catch junk *instead* of what you'd normally catch. Ideally, you'd want to have 50+ Fishing Power in a lake 300+ tiles big. (The Fisherman's Pocket Guide accessory will tell you if you're fishing in a lake which is too small.) Your total Fishing Power is a combination of your Fishing Power and your Bait Power. There are also modifiers which can affect your total Fishing Power, like the moon phase, time of day, lake size or if it's raining. The more total Fishing Power you have, the better chance you have to catch rarer items *and* the faster you'll get a fish to bite your hook. (Though the speed at which fish will bite caps out at 125% total Fishing Power, you'll still get rarer fish or crates by increasing your total Fishing Power further.) Note that the chance of catching a crate never changes - it's always 10%, unless you're below 50% total Fishing Power (catching junk instead). The *rarity* of the crate is what changes with your total Fishing Power, with better Power being able to get better crates (with more items inside them, obviously - if you're fishing for ores, iron crates will have many more bars in them than wooden crates, as an example). You can double your chance of catching crates to 20% with a Crate Potion.
A summary of the three armour sets: (Noting only main bonuses) * **Adamantite:** 32 Defence. +17% magic damage, +15% magic crit, +5% movement speed, +80 Mana, -19% Mana Cost * **Titanium:** 30 Defence. +23% magic damage, +13% magic crit, +6% movement speed, +100 Mana, Shadow Dodge set bonus (After dealing damage, the next hit you take is nullified. 30 second cooldown.) * **Forbidden:** 26 Defence. +15% magic damage, +15% summon damage, +80 Mana, +2 Minion Slots, Ancient Storm set bonus (Double-tapping [Up]/[Down] will summon a tornado at the cursor which does not count towards the Minion limit. The tornado deals 20 damage and is boosted by both summon AND magic bonuses... meaning it gets a natural +30% from the set.) If you think the summon bonuses will be useful, then go ahead with the Forbidden armour. It's actually cheaper than Adamantite/Titanium, but your magic damage will take a hit as a result. (The summons should make up for it, though.)
This always bothered me in World. In the older games, if a monster sensed you nearby it *wouldn't go to sleep.* Always found it odd that monsters would just doze off right next to the guy that was beating them to death in World, glad it got fixed.
Oh wow, the Switch Mini looks different to what I expected
Usually I don't find myself needing tails. Normally my Lance friend manages to get a tail cut during a hunt, and if not... my own Lance is also ready.
So you're saying you don't want the Nose of Cthulhu
Nah, the new graphic replaced the old one, but it's still the same furnace item.
... Only a year?
When in doubt, blame the level mods. I had one which made Snatchers contracts instead say "By signing this you agree to become a Fortnite streamer" (which admittedly was kinda funny, ConductorWare adds it and I don't have the heart to remove it), and another one which added this annoying realistic hamster sticker (that one was the *worst* to track down - it's Operation Re-Rail by the way, if you wanted to uninstall it)
I'd say Yves is closer to Aria than he is Coda. Still adorable, though.
[June 27th.](https://twitter.com/Terraria_Logic/status/1143595380195512320) (Yes, that's in two days.)
Definitely PC, it's the most updated version. Mobile is *currently* in a very awful state, but it's getting a complete engine rewrite in the next update which should bring it in-line with the current XB1, PS4 and Switch versons.
If you don't care about cheesing it too hard, Daedalus Stormbow with Ranged set all the way. It's so broken that it'll carry you all the way to Martian Madness, and then the Martian drops will take it from there until you get access to Pillar/Moon Lord items. There's a reason it's getting a heavy nerf in Journey's End.
One at a time, unless it's between the hours of midnight and 4:30am (ingame time, not real time) If you break a meteorite outside of those hours, there's a 50% chance that the game will tick the "spawn a meteor" flag. Meteors always fall between 12am and 4:30am. If you break the orbs/hearts between those hours, the game will cause a meteor to spawn immediately at a 50% chance, so there's no "waiting" meteor, so to speak. Note that there's a limit on how many meteor blocks can exist in a world at once - mine existing meteors if you want more meteor blocks.
And even then, there's a lower-quality graphics setting which removes a lot of the system-intensive shader effects, especially those spawned by the Celestial Pillars.
We just got an update that it's coming [June 27th!](https://twitter.com/Terraria_Logic/status/1143595380195512320)
To be fair, it would have been my reply too, had I not noticed the tweet.
Animal Crossing: New Moon
True that. Doesn't matter if it's on GameCube, DS or 3DS - if it's 8pm, you get awesome music, always. (Especially Wild World's.)
2ft is 1 block.
Isn't this how flowing lava/water always looks?
Meanwhile, the one on the right wanted no part in this
Do you have a link to it? I've got a Versa and I can't find any
***NO DWARF LEFT BEHIND.***
City Folk just copied Wild World's music, it doesn't count.
I mean, if not for Terraria, Minecraft wouldn't have even had bosses. The devs were actually inspired by Terraria and made the Ender Dragon as a result.
It does exist! Rare spawn, though.
The estimate is around the time the eShop updates (about 7pm GMT)
It's been confirmed that the price will be $29.99 USD.
I'd love to click my fingers and cause half the Corruption to cease to exist. (Preferrably the half closest to the Jungle.)
Time is a material
On release, there is no local multiplayer - both splitscreen and local wireless. (If you want to play local wireless with a Terraria owner, you currently have to do so through the internet, awkwardly) An update will drop *eventually* which will add splitscreen to *docked* play. There will never be splitscreen in tabletop mode though - there's not enough screen space!
What makes you think Nintendo ever releases games at midnight? Expect it around ~8pm BST, if Cadence of Hyrule is anything to go by.
*True!* Though you can just avoid the tedious fishing entirely by just making something like the Meteor Hamaxe, given how you can pretty much get everything you want from a single meteor now.
Ooh, people are getting their Indexes now? You'll have to tell me how it is! I wanted to wait to order myself - wanted to hear if it's any good from *other people* first, before getting one myself - £1k is a lot to burn on something that could potentially not be great!
As someone who really likes the colour blue, this is *really inconvenient for me*
Technically correct. The best kind of correct.
To be fair, one time I carted to an aptonoth, but I was purposefully trying to find out if one could actually cart me or not (they can!)
Make sure you don't pet Poogie for too long though, you gotta wait for the exlamation mark.
In regards to boxes and barrels, it's *usually* worth it but never use up your last bomb. The last bomb is for emergency escapes or accessing a secret shop only. (However, sometimes crates and barrels have bombs in them...) Better yet is to push the crate or barrel onto a spike trap, or besides a bomb trap (then trigger the trap, free bomb) Some other tips I have: * Try to fight monsters one-at-a-time. If there's a lot of monsters in a room, hang by the entrance and bait the ones which move at you out, so you don't have to deal with them all at once. * Your shovel is an essential tool. If you stand still for a beat, you'll lose your coin multiplier - however, you don't lose that multiplier if you stand still by *performing an action* - and one of the easiest actions to perform for the purpose of standing still is *digging a wall.* If you know a monster will attack you if you move towards it on the next beat, just wait for a beat and bait it into coming to you instead. * When dealing with Red Dragons, you can bait out the fireball attack by simply attacking them horizontally immediately after they've moved. This is done in an identical manner to the Lynel Dance from CoH, but unlike Lynels, Red Dragons do not fireball up or down - only horizontally. * A torch's strength also determines its aggro range. With no torch (or a Level 1 torch), your aggro range is fairly small. With a Luminous Torch, you'll aggro everything you see. Sometimes, the ability to see through walls just isn't worth it... (And this is why I'd say the Torch of Walls is the best torch in the game, unless you have a map. Torch of Walls is a DLC item, but the Switch version has the DLC as standard.) * Don't underestimate the power of 3 damage! You can break crates and barrels just by attacking them if you deal 3 or more damage with your primary weapon. Obsidian weapons deal 3 damage with a full coin multiplier, Glass weapons deal *4* damage but break if you take damage. * If you're playing Single Zones (normal) mode, focus on unlocking NPCs above all else - any NPC you find will be *permanently* added to the lobby, and they often have very helpful features like allowing you to practice fighting against monsters/bosses, or removing items from the Single Zones item pool. (Nothing affects All Zones mode.) * Zone 3 is a killer and will try to overwhelm you by giving you enemies from each direction. Do not be disheartened - deal with the monsters coming at you immediately (without aggroing more), then slowly make you way through the zone. If you're playing Z3 in Single Zones mode, I hope you have the Diamond Dealer unlocked - because it's brutal with the starting dagger. (I find Z3 may actually be easier to clear in All Zones Mode because of this.) * Unlike Cadence of Hyrule, you can't quick-switch weapons on the fly. (Unless you have a holster, anyway.) Due to this, Glass weapons aren't quite as useful - as you're forced to stick with them until you find something else or they break. If a glass weapon breaks, you will drop a glass shard *at your feet*, which acts identically as the base, 1-damage dagger. However, you need to find the time to pick the shard up... (Though for all these downsides, glass weapons are *more powerful* than they are in CoH - dealing 4 damage instead of 3.) * *Shrines* can be dangerous, but also beneficial. They often have both beneficial and detrimental effects when activated. Each shrine also drops an item if you blow it up with a bomb, and the item is *usually* the same every time (depending on the shrine). Note that the item will be different depending on if the shrine has been activated or not. (As an example, the Boss Shrine - the one with two skulls on it - drops Cheese if you blow it up. If you blow it up after activating it, it drops a Strength Charm instead. Activating it will also give you one of three random items, but future floors will spawn *two* minibosses instead of one.)
Cadence of Hyrule is quite literally NecroDancer 2.
They actually confirmed that the Terra Blade's getting an upgrade. Willing to bet the True Terra Blade will be the final sword.
Honestly, both Ranged and Throwing felt lacking when they split from eachother, so I'm personally glad they're being merged together again.
I can't help but notice *two billion wood*
Probably 8pm GMT, same time Cadence of Hyrule released.
You're gonna be waiting a good 8 hours more, if the estimate is to be believed.
Yeah, I'd agree with Duke Fishron too. It doesn't help that you need an annoying grind to even have *access* to the boss, and the boss fight itself isn't particularly fun. I skip Duke in most of my runs. Though maybe I'm just burnt out because he used to be the final boss back when Truffle Worms were *incredibly* rare.
Congratulations, you just *completely accidentally* spawned the final boss.
If it makes you feel any better, I didn't get it either
Note that tModLoader save files aren't compatible with Vanilla, so you'll have to start again if you play modded. Best to just keep it Vanilla for your first playthroughs.
I particularly recommend following the [Getting Started](https://terraria.gamepedia.com/Guide:Getting_started) guide on the sidebar of the wiki, and the [Walkthrough](https://terraria.gamepedia.com/Guide:Walkthrough) once you've got your feet on the ground. The Getting Started guide helps you through the first few days of the game, up until you have a basic house - while the Walkthrough gives a good suggestion on where to head next if you're lost. Remember that Terraria is mostly a game about discovery, so half the fun of the game is just finding items and asking the NPC Guide what you can make with them. (Even with almost 2k hours in the game, I still find myself going to the Guide for recipes!) I also recommend the [Class Setups](https://terraria.gamepedia.com/Guide:Class_setups) guide, as it gives a lot of good recommendations for gear at certain points in the game. If you're unsure what items to work towards, this guide will help - although it's not too useful before you defeat the boss of the Underworld.
The PC price can't really be used to determine the value of the game considering Re-Logic intentionally locked the price *way* lower than it should be. To quote Loki on the forums: &gt; Since I see the pricing stuff that tends to come up (PC is $10, &lt;insert console&gt; is more), I'll say what I always do: &gt; * Pricing on consoles is not like it is on, say, Steam... where you can just list a price that you want &gt; * Pricing on consoles is most often done in a "analog" format (what are similar games priced on the same platform) - for Terraria, this is almost always seen to be Minecraft &gt; * Re-Logic has purposely not followed the model of slowly raising the price on PC (as MC did), creating a price discrepancy for Terraria vs MC on PC. &gt; Take all of that together and you get the end result: &gt; * Terraria priced to parity with MC ($29.99) &gt; * However, RL is forcing the price on PC to not match MC... and that creates a discrepancy between Terraria PC and Terraria on any console as much as it does with MC on PC. &gt; * Terraria is a tremendous value - even at $30. Even at more, if you think about it. When you look at the sheer amount of content, gameplay, and hours people pour in... its a good value regardless. Just because we at Re-Logic choose to keep the PC price at such a low point doesn't change that calculation taken on its own. &gt; Hope that helps at least a bit. I know this comes up nearly every time a console version comes out... and I totally get the issue on the face, but when you dive a layer deeper, its a bit more understandable.
Not yet. It's estimated to release in about 7-8 hours. Note that it'll be Terraria 1.3.0.7, not 1.4 or even the current PC version, 1.3.6.
About 8pm GMT.
Surprisingly, yes. If you hit them, sometimes the bigger one will hit back once before running away. I'm not sure if this is the case in World though, as I did this experiment back in 3U.
After Mythril comes Adamantite or Titanium (depending on which generated in your world) - Titanium is especially good due to its set bonus, which completely negates 1 hit taken every 30 seconds.
And what do new players need? Practice. Plus, the only reason I wrote it like that is because the game doesn't outright say that Single Zones mode *is* the practice mode - the game shows it off as the regular way to play, while All Zones is tucked away in a different mode altogether. I'm called it "normal" mode only because the game gives off that impression. (And even then, I only said it once and referred to it as Single Zones mode thereafter.)
It is.
Anyone noticing considerably more input delay on the Switch version compared to the PC or even *PSVita* version? Did a comparison earlier and there's definitely something going on with the controls. It's not even just an ingame thing either, considering it's happening on the title screen too. Otherwise the port feels fine, with the exception of the analogue sticks snapping to the axis a bit *too* brutally - it's hard to aim with a bow when I have to tilt the control stick ~15-20 more degrees than I have to on PC or Vita.
Lock-on for enemies. I can't speak for the other console versions, but I know that both 3DS and PC have enemy-based lock on.
I noticed that sometimes when pressing Rename, the cursor is at the end of the chest's name instead of the start. I find it easier if I poke the chest's name before poking Rename. Also noticed I can't rename chests with a USB Keyboard when Docked and that saddens me, considering that other games tend to support it (most notably Monster Hunter, allowing you to chat with it)
It's weird how the smart cursor is so slow, tested the controller smart cursor on PC and it moves immediately, and the same on Vita. There seems to be some weird control delay issues on the Switch version...
Splitscreen co-op is said to come in a later update, they weren't able to get it ready for release.
Isn't that Simon Pegg?
I definitely feel that events feel too common. Blood Moons, Slime Rain, Travelling Merchant, Goblin Invasions... they definitely feel a bit ramped up compared to PC.
&gt; then I have to exit the crafting menu and re-enter to craft something else? That's weird. And I have to place stuff like chests in the top row to put them down somewhere. Actually, no - but the game's really bad at explaining these. When crafting items, crafting with [zL] will allow you to craft it straight into your inventory, allowing you to stay on the crafting wheel to craft something else afterwards. If an item's in your inventory, you can press [Right Stick Press] to enter "Build Mode", which allows you to place the item directly from your inventory without putting it on your hotbar first. Even works for non-building things, like using a Life Crystal directly from inventory too.
Oh my god there's a subreddit for *literally everything* ... Or at least, literally everything related to cats.
IIRC, the only way a room became "marked" is if you force-moved them into a room. And anyway, that was introduced in PC 1.3.5, so it's not in the Switch port yet (which is equivalent to PC 1.3.0.7, with a few minor backported features like controller support, which was technically part of PC 1.3.1) So NPCs should always be able to move into a room if it's available, unless another NPC is already currently living in it. An easy way to check is to stand in the room and switch to Housing Mode (it's by the equipment menu, to the right side of the inventory) - if there's a flag in the house, it's occupied. If not, click the question mark to see what's wrong with the house.
It'll almost definitely release on PC first, but it may release the same time as XB1 and PS4.
*"Sometime this year, hopefully."* So my estimate is December.
Because otherwise they clutter up the sub and overshadow actually interesting posts, like builds people have made and new releases.
Are you playing on Switch? World events seem to be spawning a lot more often on that version, including Slime Rain. Pinky's spawn rate is ramped up quite significantly during Slime Rain, due to all the slimes that spawn.
The crafting system in the old (Engine Software) version of Console Edition was never the intended way to craft. If you give an item to the Guide NPC, he'll tell you everything you can craft with it, including their recipes. Note that this is currently bugged in the Switch version, the recipes don't display properly - so you'll have to use the wiki anyway. The Guide's whole purpose is to tell you what you can craft with specific items you get, so having a crafting list replace that is kind of odd.
One stack of 400.
Is it possible that another NPC was waiting for a house and ended up moving into the Goblin Tinkerer's house? (I've had that happen with the Angler a few times - no houses ready, and he just nicks the Guide's house when he inevitably kicks the bucket) If so, you gotta build some more houses.
Usually, fishing requests which just say "Caverns" have to be done in the Purity. (Normal biome)
Nope. Worlds can be opened both in Singleplayer and via Host &amp; Play interchangably with no differences. Difficulty does not scale for multiplayer in Terraria, unless you're playing in Expert Mode. And even then, it scales for the amount of players *currently logged in* and only affects bosses. As soon as your friend logs out, bosses will have singleplayer health again. The only mechanic which truly scales with the amount of players are Invasion-type events - and still, it only scales for the players currently logged in. For Invasions, all it does is increases the amount of enemies which need to be defeated for the invasion to end. (Essentially giving you more chance at getting loot.) This affects the Goblin Army, the Frost Legion, the Pirate Invasion and (I can only assume) the Martian Madness.
It will quickly evaporate, but not immediately. You'll have enough time to completely cover a lava lake below in obsidian, but it'll completely evaporate after about ~30 seconds.
It's already out
If you're playing on Console, your cursor will never leave the range of your currently active tool - be it Smart Cursor or Manual Cursor. If you're playing on PC, hover your mouse near your character and your tool's icon will appear beside it. As you move your mouse away, the icon of a tool will disappear. Your tool cannot be used unless the icon is there, so you can use that to gauge the distance. (You can also plug in a controller and use the exact same method as Console, too.)
A few small QoL mods I know of: * ***Better Buffs*** - Adds a shadow effect to the buff icons which appear below your hotbar, giving you a quick idea on how much of the buff is left. It's easier to glance at then trying to focus on the seconds below all the time. * ***Boss Checklist*** - Adds a checklist of all the bosses in the game. The checklist will automatically tick off any boss which you have defeated, and will tell you how to go about summoning each boss. * ***Discord Rich Presence*** - Shows detailed information in Discord about what you're doing in Terraria. People can see your current health, mana and damage, as well as how long you've been playing for. (Hey, you never specifically said that it had to be *ingame* information...) * ***Where's My Items*** - Adds a little search bar, toggled by a hotkey. You can type an item's name in the search bar, and any nearby chests containing the item will sparkle. * ***Unleveled*** - Allows you to change the way your Health and Mana bars look. There's styles based off of Kingdom Hearts, Metroid, Pokémon, Zelda and more. (It used to be part of the Leveled mod but was later split from it, which explains the mod's name.) * ***Recipe Browser*** - Adds a little browser window to search up items. If you type in an item's name, it'll tell you the recipe. You can also give the browser an item to see what it can craft (or how to craft it) without walking all the way to the Guide NPC. * ***Yet Another Boss Health Bar*** - Adds a health bar for bosses at the bottom of the screen, allowing you to quickly gauge how far you are through a boss fight at a glance. Each boss has its own style of health bar, though they all fit the game's art style. (I honestly forgot this wasn't Vanilla until I started playing the Switch version!) It even tells you your progress through specific events, like the Celestial Pillars.
If they died offscreen, how did their drops enter your inventory? I don't recall any accessories increasing the grab range of items.
Ah yes let me just use this Stardust Dragon right at the start of the game with only a copper pickaxe and no house, that's definitely a thing I can do.
Things like the DPS Meter, etc are practical because they can be used to make the PDA (and thus, the Cell Phone) - which combines all informational accessories into your Magic Mirror. Also, he sells the Lifeform Analyser. Even if you don't think informational accessories are that useful, the Lifeform Analyser is generally the exception, as it tells you when a rare creature is nearby.
It's impossible to make a Hellevator without flooding it with water. However, that's fine - water's pretty useful, especially if you have a Gills Potion (or other ways of breathing underwater). It turns lava into harmless obsidian and prevents fall damage. And when you make it into the Underworld, it makes a bridge for you if your drop point was lava, and then evaporates so you don't have to deal with the water anymore. (So you can make your rope all the way to the bottom, of course.)
It's very possible to mod in custom items using tModLoader.
That's... not how it works. Calamity Mod's features (as well as any mod which affects world generation, like Thorium) will be part of a world *during its creation.* As long as the world is loaded with the Calamity mod, all will be well. Any amount of worlds can be created while the Calamity mod is installed. If you try to load the world without the Calamity mod installed (if you've disabled it), things will bug out heavily. Do not do that. Note that this only applies *when you load the world,* so you can easily have multiple different modded playthroughs so long as you remember which worlds used which combination of mods. (I like to write them down in a .txt file.) So long as you don't accidentally load the world while not having a mod installed, you'll be fine.
tModLoader has a built-in Mod Browser which allows you to download the mods directly from the game itself, without needing to browse external sites. However, there's generally still a page on the [Terraria Forums](https://forums.terraria.org/index.php?forums/client-server-mods-tools.116/) for every major mod, which has a much more detailed overview of its content. If you're familiar with Minecraft's Forge, tModLoader is basically that and then some - basically all mod management is handled ingame, it's fantastic.
I vaguely recognise this resolution and amount of mipmapping. Is this specifically the PSVita version?
One person hosts it on their device, and others can join. Behaves exactly as you'd expect from games like Animal Crossing or Minecraft.
The reasoning, *"Bringing the station to life"*, is exactly why I think it *shouldn't* be added to the game. The station has a distinctly dead atmosphere. All the efforts to liven up the place are visibly makeshift and hastily put together. Even the logo of the Abyss Bar itself doesn't appear particularly well cared for. The Space Rig is there to do its job, and not much more.
I feel like everyone's got a Ganondwarf somewhere in their loadouts. Mine's on Engineer.
I thought for sure this had to be Mineral Mania. Nope.
Your progression is entirely upgrade-based. There isn't really a way to have multiple saves without diving into the files and copy/pasting certain save files, but you could always just *unequip your mods and overclocks* when playing with certain people. Just select the already-equipped mod or OC to unequip it, and you'll eventually be back at Level 1 power.
Yeah, I don't think you're able to load v1.4 saves (PC) on a v1.3 device (Android), as that could cause compatability issues if the save contains something (like a new building or new map layout) which isn't in v1.3. Once the v1.4 update drops on Android that'll probably be "fixed" again (if that even counts as a bug)
I'm not sure how well this counts, but I *really* enjoyed [Layton Brothers: Mystery Room](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.Level_5.MysteryRoomENG). It's actually part of the Prof. Layton series, but you don't need to have played it to understand what's going on here. (It actually barely references the old games.) Gameplay's actually a little more Phoenix Wrighty without the courtrooms, compared to typical Layton play. It was fun solving the various cases, especially the final one.
Imagine having to do a few puzzles every time you wanted to enter your base just to sort your inventory
Doesn't work for non-Steam games like Vivecraft or A Township Tale though.
Oof, using pure colour for the orbs? Not good for colourblind users - consider having an option to enable having symbols on the orbs and using very vibrantly different colours which have a significant difference in both brightness *and* hue. (If you need to have similar colours like green/red, green/yellow or blue/purple, consider having one of them brightly coloured while the other one is dark. Dark Red and Bright Green is easy to tell the difference between. Bright Red and Bright Green - as in the image - is not.) One thing Zuma itself did was change green/purple to black/white when colourblind mode was on, which *helped,* but symbols are more ideal. (I'm not sure if the *original* Zuma did this, but I definitely remember it in later releases)
I disagree - I feel like having the precision of VR controllers is a lot nicer to a standard controller at times.
By not having the gun have physics with the player's head. Other games would have the gun go through your head so you can happily aim with your left eye (assuming you're holding the gun in your right hand), while Boneworks has the gun collide with your head - so aiming becomes slightly more troublesome.
I don't even remember that and I've been here since almost the very beginning. Even the Open Alpha before the Early Access release had the Space Rig. Edit: Turns out, Open Alpha was Update 6. According to the Wiki, the Space Rig was added in Update 3. TIL!
Not necessarily. I've always found I can aim better in VR than I can with a mouse.
Perfect for 2020. Edit: Wait hold up the 0 has 19
Wait hang on
I call this the Tetris strategy.
Also, I can usually stand ON the vein after I've gotten a foothold (the platform), and it's easier to mine DOWN than it is to mine UP.
The most important piece of advice, right here.
I see this one game in Haz3 all the time with just the title "Promoted Dwarves Only." and I'm just like... no. This is Haz3. This is where newbies go to learn. I'm promoted but I 'aint joining that game.
I'm the opposite. I can't use click snipers for the life of me, but I get on with the M1K so much *because* it's Fire on Release. Changing that would just make me a permanent GK2 main.
It's not a nerf to the grenade, it's a buff to Bulk Detonators. They're really hard to freeze now. You can still freeze everything else with the grenade just fine, just not Bulks.
There's a difference between the game *supporting* something and being built for it. Player count is probably set to not break no matter how many players spawn, but things like enemy spawns and health and such are only designed to scale up to 4, as it's set manually instead of dynamically.
Depends on the mission type. In Mining missions, it tends to spawn as far away from the team as possible (to a distance cap) - so you'll often have it spawn in the initial cavern as those missions are very linear. If you backtrack to the initial cavern, it'll probably not spawn there. This is why I try to travel to the halfway point before calling the pod.
Yeah, they do specifically appear near dwarves, more often than not spawning right under one
Definitely. I'm not fond of realistic racing games, but give me something arcadey and I'm IN.
I dunno, I tend to struggle more with Wizzroboe
I 'aint an Engie *main,* but Engie's my second most played class after Scout - and the only other class I've Promoted! There's nothing more satisfying than a well-placed turret. Having it empty its ammo reserves multiple times just means the turret is doing its *job.* (Actually, that's a lie. Firing a Fat Boy at a recently-spawned group of grunts is more satisfying than a well-placed turret. But it comes a close second!)
On the probably-rare occasions where you use Gemini System, is the other one called Zelda?
I've never been able to use Turret Whip effectively, any tips? (Though I have the mod on always, as I don't like the idea of the full-auto shotgun - I like to aim my shots!)
***Accurate.***
Oh, definitely. I normally can flex *decently* to every class except Gunner... but when playing with the friend group, I'm almost always the Scout. My skill at Scout is definitely higher than any other class, and I've noticed when I'm *not* the Scout, I'm the only one who actually remembers the dang Flare Gun exists :V I'm actually pretty surprised that my friend group ended up picking their "main" classes to be all different though. We got a Gunner (who almost plays him exclusively, but sometimes plays Driller), an Engie (who I've never seen play any other class, but he's a boss Engie), a Scout (me - who can flex to Engie and sometimes Driller if needed) and two Drillers (one of which flexes to Engie, one of which flexes to Scout). (Yeah, it's a 5-man group but usually only 4 of us are online at once)
Some bindings have been changed and others seem to be locked to specific keys now. For example, the "Fire Slinger" button is now always the same as the "Special Attack" button, whereas before I had it on the "Primary Attack" button. Firing my Slinger with Ctrl instead of LMB is gonna take some getting used to.
Nope, I just *really* like A Link Between Worlds. :V
I literally had that exact moment yesterday during the expansion. We were on a gathering quest to just unlock the upgraded Ghillie Mantle iirc, and suddenly *"Oh hey, a Beotodus is passing by"* \*SnS-friend immediately Clutch Claws it\* *"Okay I guess we're fighting a Beotodus now."*
They removed the option, and now it's *always* set to Type 2 iirc.
Firing the Slinger (not the Claw) is now your Special Attack button (ie: Guard with Lance, Recital with HH, etc)
Free Weekends ten d to happen *fairly* often, but not too often. I wanna say about once every ~4-6 months or so? Last was in September iirc. Though... there's no official word on when any more Free Weekends will happen, so there's a possibility it won't ever happen again. (I doubt it, though.) I've had both positive and negative experiences playing with randoms, but usually more positive than negative. Definitely more fun with a friend group, but there's decent enough communication tools that playing with randoms isn't painful at all, unless they *really* don't want to cooperate. (Which is rare!) Between your Salute ("ROCK AND STONE!"), your Shout ("Get over here!"/"DWARF DOWN!") and your Terrain Scanner (which lets you ping things to alert your other Dwarves - the most important tool, IMO), you should be able to communicate well even in teams which don't use the text or voice chat. In fact, I want to talk about the Terrain Scanner some more, because it's *really useful.* You can ping a priority target alien (like maybe a Glyphid Menace or Oppressor) so that your teammates hopefully prioritise it. You can ping a vein of Nitra on the wall so that your Engineer fires a platform for your Scout to zipline to. You can ping a mushroom to shout "MUSHROOM!" in an amusing way. You can ping a spot of glowing crystals on the wall to alert the nearby Driller that there's a Jadiz crystal hidden there. You can ping a group of small Glyphids to alert your Engineer to their presence, and have him drop the entire lot with his grenade launcher. You can ping a piece of compessed gold to shout "WE'RE RICH!". You can ping the Drop Pod to reveal where the ramp to get in is if you can't find it. You can ping the button on the M.U.L.E. to make sure that your allies are ready to extract before you press the button. There's a lot of possibilities! As for variety, there's definitely a lot there but it's not gonna be endless. There are five mission types in eight biomes, and while the random generation of the caves does *help,* it's not a game with infinite content. Even still, I'm about ~180 hours in, 1 level from Player Rank 70 and I 'aint stopping any time soon. It does help that the eight biomes do generate caves differently though - the Sandblasted Corridors tends to generate giant, wide-open spaces with lots of room to fall, whie the Crystalline Caverns tends to create more claustrophobic spaces filled with beautiful glowing blue crystals.
If you have a WiiU without the game and have the WiiU on a *wired* internet conntection, you can actually download a free program on the WiiU eShop which will act as a "tether", allowing the 3DS version of 3U to connect to the online servers through the WiiU.
What's your graphics settings? I have the same CPU with a GTX 1080 and I noticed pretty heavy dips last night, though nothing unplayable. (Unlike most people, I can actually deal with 40-50FPS gameplay just fine, though it's not ideal) I dread to think what the later fights are like if I'm having these drops fighting *Banbaro,* though.
*Most* of the Iceborne content doesn't even come into play until you've beaten the base game. There are a few mechanics you'll get access to early (like the Clutch Claw utility and some of the new weapon moves), but you'll be playing just the base World for a while either way. Note that the base game - *without* the Iceborne expansion - can take a good 80-150 hours just to beat the final boss, depending on if you're doing Optional Quests or not. (Heck, it took me 200 hours to beat the final boss iirc, but that's mostly because a good 25-30% of my game time was spent chilling or helping out friends in a lower rank than I) As soon as you've beaten the final boss and uncapped your HR (Hunter Rank), Iceborne content will be available. (But it's really recommended that you upgrade your weapons and armour first! Iceborne is no joke, and you'll probably want to fight some High Rank Tempered monsters first to augment your armour to give you more defence before diving into Master Rank.) If you're *absolutely certain* you'll like MHW so much that you'll want to play the expansion, get a bundle to save a bit of money. Else, you'll probably want to just get the base game to see if you'll like it first. (And if you don't... you've spent *less* money. Well done!)
Update 6, when the game went into a free Open Alpha weekend for a bit! I was actually following the game for a bit before then (having been hyped due to its early showing at E3), but I never managed to get into the Closed Alpha. I was pretty much sold the moment I played U6 though, and that was when the game was very barebones! No overclocks, no perks, highest difficulty was Haz4, not even weapon unlocks or alt grenades. And iirc, the only mission type was Morkite.
I know, but I often find myself getting *really* inaccurate with full-auto shots. I'd much rather delay my shots a tad to guarantee weak spot hits than have the gun fire before I managed to hover my crosshair over the weak spot.
Here's a fun fact: The nuke itself is a collidable object. I found this out by *landing on one flying in midair* and having it halt my falling momentum. I expected to take damage from the full fall. I didn't.
Yeah, the original versions were emulated, but the later versions use a new engine which later became the same engine that Sonic Mania uses.
My "cure" is just... use DirectX 12. Maybe lower some graphics settings a bit. *Update your graphics drivers.*
You better make that calico your palico
Flash Hunter is, definitely. It stays pretty true to the series, although the battles can be a little hard to follow at times. I enjoyed reading Orage too but it does deviate a *lot* from the main series, introducing a new element and new monsters, and iirc had a bit of "protagonist has powers that nobody else has" going on. (It *has* been a while since I read Orage though, while I finished Flash Hunter on the night of Iceborne's PC release. So, a few days ago.)
I will never not upvote Luftrausers
r/ProgrammerDadJokes
Why does it look like this was made by Aperture Science?
*Purrkour!
I actually prefer the original - I feel like it has a better sense of difficulty scaling and the items are more varied and interesting to use. I find that it's a lot easier to get overwhelmed by enemies in CoH and they just "balanced" that by making every enemy do small amounts of damage and making healing abundant. Not to say CoH is *bad,* mind - I enjoy playing both! I just prefer playing CotND a little more.
Rift controllers are surprisingly durable. I've hit mine a few times and - apart from the right trigger occasionally clicking weirdly - they still work fine.
V
There's a hiss, but the whole point of the leech is that it *is* stealthy.
There.. there *are* unique lines. "Help! I'm stuck on the ceiling!" "The tentacle got me!" "Let me go!" are just a few I remember. Edit: Oh, you mean *after* the Dwarf is downed.
Nicenice
That happens so rarely though that it's almost a non-issue. Most leeches are just up. Ignoring them just because there's a small possibility you might get grabbed *sideways* is just dumb.
I mean the guy gives you a *house* for free and then tells you that you can pay it off whenever you feel like with a zero-interest loan I really don't know where Nook got this bad rap from
I mean I was most hype for the fact that you can *choose your mouth shape* and it was actually shown in the initial trailer and nobody seemed to notice it. Though to be fair, that wasn't necessarily given any attention. It was just kinda *there,* like the sleeves thing. Nobody (in the Direct) specifically said "hey, villagers can wear sleeves now".
This is what's worried me the most. It's close to release, yet we've only seen what exists at the *very start* of the game. It's because of this reason alone that I *expected* the delay last month, though Nintendo'll probably have a more detailed Direct the month before the game's release to build hype, I imagine.
Because honestly what they've shown... *isn't much?* Like, what reason is there to believe the game will be better than New Leaf? Why is it *different* and not just an updated rerelease like AC:Wii was? Some people like to know what they're buying before making a purchase. I remember New Leaf and even *Wild World* getting more information than this. But there's still time.
There's a second *round of DLC* (5 characters), but we don't know if there'll be a pass (bundle purchase) for them - chances are though, it'll be revealed during the presentation. I actually do hope we get a hint on who the next one is - it's kinda hard to build hype and interest with the current "here's the character, it's dropping now" trend.
I mean, given how close it is, the next proper Direct will probably be mostly Animal Crossing related unless the game actually gets a themed Direct for itself.
Literally all I know about Dante is a cool looking costume in Monster Hunter World, and the whole "I shoulda been the one to fill your dark heart with light!" meme I'm ready
What?! I was convinced for sure that Mario wouldn't be in the game!
I imagine late February will be Animal Crossing time, considering about a month before release is the best time to really build hype.
Oh man, if ONLY. I mean, I still gotta play through Iceborne (it only released 5 days ago on PC) but I'd *love* the potential for a Monster Hunter Portable 5th. Also, I actually feel like a Palico would be a better rep for Smash than a full-on Hunter. With the super varied skills that they got in MH:Generations (and the fact that you could *play as them* in that game), there's a lot to fit into their Smash moveset. As a bonus: they're *cats*. Everyone loves cats. And you could do the whole "cats vs dogs" thing with the Duck Hunt Duo too. Or Wolf. I don't judge. (Plus, it's more unique than yet another "human with sword" character, because you *know* they're gonna make the series staple Great Sword the main part of the Hunter's moveset.)
... I didn't know that Dante was a female.
There'll probably be a big batch of information about a month before release, as that's the best time to build hype.
Yooo! Loved this game on Steam when it released in Early Access. Basically a platformer version of Micro Machines and it's absolutely amazing. Nice!
What goes up must come down
I'm actually kinda sad that Codename S.T.E.A.M. was as forgotten as it was to be honest, considering it's has very similar gameplay to Fire Emblem and XCOM (just with the %chance gameplay removed and replaced with the *player* aiming the weapons)
That, or that Switch cards are expensive to make so they avoided "Switch Tax" by just using a smaller card
Just to expand on some points: Shovel Knight's Fairy system is actually purely cosmetic. Depending on which Amiibo you owned, you could have a fairy version of Shovel Knight, Plague Knight, Spectre Knight or King Knight follow you. They'd each have their own actions that they prefer to do - for example, the Fairy of Shovelry is far more likely to *attempt* to pick up gold than other fairies, and will *attempt* to dig up piles of dirt when he sees them. (But he always fails, as he's not strong enough) As for the Figure Players in Smash Ultimate, it's handled in the same way, with the exception of the removal of Custom Moves for non-Mii fighters. They do have improved AI and a new "AI Style" mechanic in Ultimate though, with the Figure Player (FP) changing up how they fight depending on their Style (ie: a "Thrill Seeker"-style fighter will often try to get offstage kills, even if it they can't make it back to the stage) Plus, you can use them online in custom lobbies and in the local Tournament Mode. I'm honestly not sure why you think the Amiibos were more interesting in Smash 4?
Honestly, the fact that literally *zero* timing/coordination is required with Baba is You is probably what makes it so accessible. The entire game is turn based, time moves only when you do. It's entirely possible to make a step, spend 3 minutes thinking about what do to, and then just make one more step. The problem is wrapping your head around all the words and thinking like the game does, thinking like a programmer, figuring out exactly what each word means and what it affects. (Though thankfully, the game gives you a lot of room to experiment and learn)
If you like the idea of a breezier Mega Man X experience, ***20XX*** is a roguelite which can be played entirely in 2 Player co-op, though it's a little confusing to activate (one player must walk to the portal labelled "multiplayer" to bring the second player in) ***Terraria*** is also said to bring in local co-op in an update *sometime,* but that update just seems to never arrive. It's a game quite similar to Minecraft, but 2D with a lot more adventure elements - in that there's an actual dungeon to explore and lots of loot to make into fancy weapons and armour. Currently singleplayer only, but here's hoping that the planned splitscreen will *eventually* make it into the game without many issues. The entire campaign of ***Starlink: Battle for Atlas*** can also be played in co-op, but it does have that old problem of Player 1 being the "main character" - if P2 strays too far from P1 they just get teleported back, which can be a bit disorienting. (Otherwise, basically all content is accessible in co-op.) ***Super Kirby Clash*** is free and can be played entirely in co-op, with each player taking on different combat roles in order to take down the bosses. Do note that this one has Free-to-Play elements (as it's a free game), like a stamina bar which limits how much you can play at a time.
Terraria's more focused on exploration and finding loot, but making a set of T3 or T4 ore (T3: silver/tungsten, T4: gold/platinum) weapons/tools can be a nice boon early on. Remember that there's no wrong way to play Terraria - it's just some ways progress slower than others. You're free to play at your own pace. Most of your real power will be from gear looted from chests though. Keep an eye out for houses and points of interest when exploring caves, so that you can get as much useful weapons and especially accessories as possible. If you want some really nice starting equipment, find yourself a desert and harvest as much cactus as you can. The Cactus Sword has very good range, the Cactus Armour is decent to start off and the Cactus Pickaxe is identical to your starter Copper one, but without the range penalty. The range from the Cactus Sword should be enough to help you explore the caves.
It's just a fast start. I find it a little tedious myself, I far prefer to just mine the HM ores from the world.
If you're deep underground, you can skip their spawn if you're not ready. They won't spawn underground, so you're safe if you don't want to fight them yet. (As a plus, underground is where you get the ore to fight them)
Items of different tiers have different colour, but there's no gameplay difference between the colours - it's purely for fancy purposes. The only exception to this is items of low rarity (white or grey name), which will burn up in lava if they touch it. Items with a coloured name will just sink to the bottom of the lava, unharmed.
You could technically guarantee it by fishing up crates and using gold ore from those, but you might as well just make the platinum pickaxe as it's equivalent in power.
The Dungeon Defenders armour is better for *sentries* (stationary minions), but they don't boost how many normal minions you get (or the length of the stardust dragon) - but as a plus, they do have considerable melee/ranged/magic bonuses.
Yeah, Switch is currently on 1.3.1.
Aw, don't remind me of TotalBiscuit. I miss him a lot...
This is why you don't look at the ratings, but actually the *content* of a review, or at least a "in a sentence" overview of the review.
The sentence is correct, the meaning is just different. It's not that they aren't as affectionate as dogs, it's more that they aren't affectionate *in the same way* as dogs.
#A
To be fair, the theme song to Recess is fantastic
To be fair, the theme song to Recess is fantastic
About 2 stone
To be fair, sometimes extraction get so stressful that I let go of the controls by the time the drop pod doors close, because that's when we finally get to take a break. It's pretty rare that I'd forget to ROCK N' STONE though. 1-in-10 games, at the most.
There's been quite a few devs which have mentioned today as an important date. Hmmmm... ~~obviously this means dante's the new smash dlc character~~
Yeah, I was gonna say. I remember back when 4U released, everyone was heralding it as the game which brought Monster Hunter to the west, as it'd sold *so much more* than Tri/3U and even FU, if I recall. ... Though to be fair, it's *nothing* compared to World's numbers ...
I've got the game on an SSD and my friend on a HDD. Iceborne's increased the loading time a bit for the friend, but it's still nowhere *near* console speeds. (He's jealous of me still seeming to load quests instantly, though :V) Fun fact: I didn't actually know the whole "pre-quest loading" thing was even a *thing* for a good hundred or so hours because I'd accept the quest and the "Preparing..." text would already be coloured, not grey. It's only when I played with friends on slower systems did I realise how fast I was actually loading the game.
Even in Generations, I get hit with that nostalgia whenever I get to that point of Moga Woods. Also, because of Tri, I refuse to ever call it D. Island.
I *really* don't understand where all this "Capcom hates Nintendo" talk is coming from. They've released ***one game*** on a non-Nintendo console which has graphics and CPU requirements *far* beyond what the Switch is capable of, and suddenly everyone thinks that Capcom is completely abandoning the Switch and Nintendo as a whole. Monster Hunter Portable 5th will probably happen eventually, just give them *time,* geeze.
World has a lot of QoL features which can make it feel more casual, for sure. You don't need to stop in place to use items (though your speed is lowered) - probably the biggest example of this. I will say it is *generally* an easier time than previous games, other than the OP Arch-Tempered mons, but they're designed as the endgame challenge for masochists. (Gotta admit, the single AT Nergi kill I managed to get before Iceborne's release was super satisfying. Still think it's a really badly designed fight which is near-impossible to do with over half the weapons in the game, though.) But as it stands, World's given me *over double* the playtime than all the other MH games I've played combined. Admittedly, *being able to play it with friends* probably had a large influence in that, as before World my MH playtime was primarily solo or online with randoms. I'm currently at 690h in World (yes, make the joke) with about 70 of those hours being from Iceborne. (As it recently released on PC.) To compare, I only got about ~40h combined in Tri/3U, ~100h in 4U and ~180h combined in Gen/GenU. As for the performance... World is a demanding game, for sure. You'll need a decent PC to run World well, though do note that unlike most games, World is heavier on the ***CPU*** than the GPU. (This is especially true with the new update, which upped the CPU usage a bit - though a patch is dropping in the next few days to hopefully help with that) There were a few major issues at World's launch (most notably multiplayer just *not working properly* for a few weeks), but they were all quickly fixed.
Honestly, they *might* point out locations of interest, but given that they tend to get distracted by everything, it'll be hard to tell when they're genuinely trying to tell you something or when they're just being adorable. Though they do have a really fun feature: If you crouch, they'll land and crouch next to you, so you can both dance together.
... what
&gt; Eating food is now slower (40 ticks, was 32 ticks) Ugh, my muscle memoryyyy
Yeah, I agree that Throwables should probably still inherit momentum, just not Launchables (bow, crossbow)
I actually think this one should be a gamerule. `/gamerule sprintHungerMinimum` or something. Default to 0 (or 6, the current 1.14 way) but map makers can change it depending on what they want to do. Setting it to 20 would completely disable sprinting as a mechanic. I don't normally agree with the whole "it should be an option" argument (as normally when people say that, it doesn't add to the experience at all and just becomes a pain to maintain) but this time? I actually think it would work.
I find it easier to position Cadence and Dorian as close as possible - ideally, right next to eachother if I can. It's a lot easier to move a single "unit" who exists on two tiles than it is to focus on two seperate characters who are currently miles away. Also, I give Dorian my current weapon. I'm replacing it with the Lute anyway, so Dorian can at least use the weapon I'm currently comfortable with, instead of something awkward like a broadsword.
Yeah, I normally wait for the NecroDancer to teleport closer to me. If he's on the other side of the room, chances are he's just going to teleport when I get close, so I use that time to take care of the enemies he spawns. It helps that Dorian naturally has the Ring of Might, so he deals +1 damage. Makes dealing with the spawns easier.
[Right here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/cadenceofhyrule/comments/ecpzwn/upcoming_dlc_spoilers_including_new_characters/)
Agreed. I actually disabled the Cloches on my pack to favour Forestry farms instead. (As they require a little more work to automate, especially with the required fertiliser stuff.)
And then there's Cadence of Hyrule, where they decided to make everything Zone 3.
Wow, he's the fastest hedgehog I've ever seen! ... Second fastest.
Technically, the iron golem drop never changed - it's just that the poppies replaced roses in the code, so iron golems just happened to start dropping poppies instead.
Forget that, have minecart boosters made of actual minecarts. Forget the tracks made with gold, THAT was how we originally got around on rails.
Looks like it's from the mod Natura to me.
Terraria: Otherworld was cancelled when Redigit (the creator of Terraria) looked at the progress the team was making, and was not pleased with how slow progress was. I believe Otherworld was being made by the same team as the old Console versions, and even the Console update was getting too slow too - so I guess Redigit just replaced them with a new team (Pipeworks Studio) who seem to be getting the job done a *lot* better. Otherworld is still cancelled, though. As for Terraria 2, it's been more of a thing of "It'll happen eventually, but right now we're still working on the original Terraria". I imagine this is why Journey's End (1.4) is the final update. I wouldn't expect anything about Terraria 2 for a ***long*** while yet (probably ~4-5 years), given that the team is still working on Terraria (the original) and they'll probably need a lot of time to develop assets for the sequel once they begin.
Unfortunately, axes are mostly just tools once you hit Hardmode. Very rare is it that you get an axe which does decent damage at the point of the game it's in after Hardmode starts. (Though before Hardmode, I've grown to prefer the War Axe of the Night over the Light's Bane. It brings nothing but death.)
That's just a backup file. (.bak) I'm not sure why it hasn't been updated. If you're using Steam Cloud to store your characters now, that might be why.
... You have a point.
I don't think there's any estimated date for Journey's End right now. I've been looking, and couldn't find anything more than just people making up dates.
Because it gives the user more power.
Tavernkeep isn't on Switch yet.
WE'RE RICH
Bonus Aquarqs are worth 25 XP, multiplied by the Hazard Bonus.
And *only* 5 seconds. I imagine the first few of them would be spent figuring out what just happened.
Eh, also very true. I managed to grab 3U on WiiU for about a tenner a few months before World released on PC. I wanted my HD MH fix dignabbit, and at that point Citra was still in very early development.
And spying some treasure through your cardboard spyglass
Man, I was hoping it would be this video and I was not disappointed
Stop throwing it then
Have you been keeping an eye on the combat snapshots? The update's coming. They're just working on balancing it first.
You can still do that if your enemy is dead though
Definitely. It's part of base World and wasn't restricted to a Season, so you should have access to Layered Wiggler with *every* Festival.
Normally, I just make more chests, and make sure they're organised (ie: All of one item will go into one chest, so that it only takes one slot in one chest instead of multiple slots in more) My storage room usually contains about ~40-50 chests, gradually added over the course of a playthrough. (I think mine is a little excessive, though! Could easily get away with ~32)
I know there's a (bug?) which allows Mobile and PC players to play together, if the PC player downgraded to an old version. So while it *probably* won't happen (considering Switch and Xbox have their own multiplayer systems compared to PC/Mobile, cross-play would require a new system like how Minecraft: Bedrock Edition connects to the Xbox servers - even on Switch), I wouldn't rule out the *possibility.*
There **used** to be a bug where Large worlds would generate more sparse caves (and Small worlds more common ones), but that's been fixed for a while now. I think you've just gotten unlucky! As a little tip: There's typically a cave entrance on the surface of the world somewhere, *usually* close to spawn but not always. Note that the natural cave entrance may be in a different biome (like snow), and there's a possibility that the Corruption or Crimson generated on top of it (making it useless)
The additional piece of furniture looks like a **Mythril or Orichalcum Anvil**. The colour on the image seems to have been altered, so it looks a little washed out. I also think the anvil has been *painted* to look more iron-like, but iron anvils have a different shape. You can access the Mythril/Orichalcum Anvil after you defeat the boss of the Underworld.
Nope. There's no extra death penalty for dying in Hardmode. Do note though that if you're playing in *Expert* difficulty (which is decided on world creation), the death penalty is increased to 75% of your money, and monsters can pick it up and despawn with it. (On Normal difficulty, you only drop 50% of your money and monsters can't pick it up.)
They're gonna be adding more control options in the next update (along with controller support), but for now we just gotta deal.
It's fun to use but otherwise not that great. Its damage is fairly low and it doesn't deal with crowds that well, but watching a piranha gnaw on your enemies is hilarious. Plus, I guess it technically has autoaim.
The type of underground matters. Unless it *specifically* mentions a biome (ie: Underground Tundra), you need to catch it in a Pure (Normal) biome. Also note that the quest changes at the start of every new day, so it's entirely possible that the quest changed when you were fishing. (Specifically, the quest changes when the daytime music starts playing. 4:30AM on the ingame clock.)
The map doesn't update immediately, so you'll need to explore. (Think of it more as a visual of what you saw last.) However, if you've passed by the bulb but haven't noticed it yet, it will be on your map. (Note that it won't be visible in dark areas on your map, obviously.)
It's coming! I don't know *how* soon, but they're working on it, along with split-screen support.
A *vast* majority of players play Softcore, and it's definitely the intended way to play. (Originally, it was the *only* way to play.) I find that it's *very* rare to see someone playing Mediumcore or Hardcore, unless they're a new player who doesn't know what they're doing. Most people call Mediumcore "Tediumcore" because the death mechanic is far too punishing and getting your stuff back just becomes a chore, and Hardcore... well, that's exactly what it says on the tin. You sign up for permadeath, and you play like every moment could be your last. I'm at 2k hours at this point and I've only ever played Softcore.
They're working on the next update as we speak, adding content from 1.3.4 as well as split-screen functionality.
As an addition, I don't think bringing in extra building materials from your old world matters that much. Having a nice-looking house isn't balance-breaking like bringing over old weapons and accessories is.
The Daedalus Stormbow nerf is already confirmed by the devs.
I would say just get the Mechanical Glove instead. "Upgrading" it to the Fire Gauntlets reduces the damage and speed bonus, and I don't think the slow fire damage (4 DPS) makes up for the reduced damage output. Also, some enemies are immune to fire, making the fire damage even more moot. Fire Gauntlets DO have slightly more knockback, though.
The Static Hook was introduced in 1.3.1, but Mobile is currently on 1.3.0.x. It'll be in the next update, most likely.
They're planning to. There's currently a test version in Java Edition which everyone can choose to download which contains the changes, but they're not implemented into the main game yet. (It's still in testing, and being tweaked until they get the combat right!) They also plan to bring the new combat system (from the test version) into Bedrock Edition once it's complete.
Yes. Hallow tends to be less dangerous, though. (It won't eat up your Jungle like the Crimruption does) Either way, if you're going for total purity, you'll want to deal with the Hallow too.
An even easier way to see if you've got a Tier 2 Old One's Army is to see which boss spawns. Dark Mage? Tier 1. Ogre? Tier 2.
1.3.1's coming first (The Wiring Update), *then* 1.3.4 (Old One's Army, Desert, Party) They skipped 1.3.2 and 1.3.3 on XB1/PS4 and plan to skip it on Switch, so it wouldn't surprise me if they're skipping it on Mobile too.
You can buy acorns off the Dryad, if you didn't hoard any.
It helps if you're using a Ranged armour set. The "chance to not use ammo" carries over to the Clentaminator.
May the roads lead you to warm sands.
V
Maybe it's Maybelleine.
Nah, it's the whole sentence. "I'm referring to Bet-C" is interpreted as "My name is 'referring to Bet-C'". It's a common joke often used by dads. tl;dr: Hi Dad, wat?, I'm Dad.
I feel like the descriptions should be viewable on the Customisation Terminal, because the Overclock Cosmetics also have fun descriptions and they would become unreadable too otherwise.
WE ARE unBREAKABLE!
Rock and Stone, brother.
**AND**
Which version? I find the Bedrock Edition to be impossible to play, but the Vivecraft mod for Java Edition doesn't have the same issues. (Though to be fair, my problem is more my EYE SPACING CHANGING whenever I open my inventory in Bedrock. That's the most disorienting thing.)
Most achievements can only be unlocked in All Zones, and the leaderboards only display runs from All Zones too. Additionally, there's more time to gear up before you get to the later levels, so Z3 and Z4 can feel a bit easier. The Single Zones mode is more just for practice.
Hey, dwarven ears are pointed too. Dwarves just aren't as tall and don't go off on rants about "protecting the environment" or "keeping the peace". ... The lack of beard is concerning though.
I thought it was floor ice cream. Oh, wait, that's *Kid* Icarus.
Active perks are specifically made to be stronger, so it makes sense that you can only pick between 1-2 of them.
Yeah, but the gold isn't on almost *every piece of the armour,* unless you're Driller. That guy's clearly a Gunner.
Ah, so *thats* when that tournament in the year 20XX starts...
All the way to Hoxxes VII? Impressive, that's several planets away!
There's probably a lot of legitimacy to the Iron Will discussions, but things like the game cheaply killing you from, say, an acidspitter isn't a problem with the new Iron Will, it's a problem with the acid spitters. I'm curious to see how the game's balance will change now that Iron Will is different.
We have a perk which lets you tame a grunt now. That seems pretty silly.
You can
There could just be an equipment terminal *in* the Shooting Range...
I wonder if it's edible.
It just wanted to pay respects
I still audibly mentally pronounce "EXCLAMATION POINT" whenever I hear that
Yes, but it's the same amount of friendly fire as dwarves take (it's reduced)
If you infuse your blank cores at a machine event, you get to pick one from three classes (two Weapon OCs, one Cosmetic). You cannot get a duplicate OC. Otherwise, it's complete RNG.
Even though I hated how OP it was, it's finally time to wave goodbye to the old Iron Will. o7 You will be missed! (... By people who aren't me.)
Without fail, someone will post this *every single time* the game updates.
For the times when shouting "ROCK AND STONE!" isn't QUITE enough.
Scout has access to a Pheromone Canister grenade, unlocked at Character Level 10. With the grenade, Scout can cause enemies to be distracted and attack eachother for a short duration - they'll often clump together to attack pheromoned bugs when this happens. Engineer's Grenade Launcher has an overclock called Fat Boy, which greatly increases the radius and damage of the grenade launcher, but also greatly decreases the ammo capacity. (Only 5 shots with all the ammo mods active!) It also leaves behind a radioactive field which applies damage over time to anything that managed to survive - including dwarves. Due to this, this mod has often been called "the nuke". Overclocks can be acquired after you've Promoted (prestiged) a dwarf, but it doesn't have to be the Engineer. However, you'll need to have all mod slots unlocked to unlock overclocks, so the Engineer will have to be at least Character Level 18. Combine the grouping potential of the Pheromone Canister and the raw area-damage of the Fat Boy Grenade Launcher OC, and you basically nuke *all* the bugs in sight.
Actually that's just cats in general
And I'd just managed to forget about the **Pandemic**, **two**.
Co-op games which are good for short bursts and probably don't require you to remember much plot, ay? **Deep Rock Galactic** - Like Left 4 Dead, but you're trying to mine a hostile planet while gunning down hordes of alien bugs. Heavily encourages team-based gameplay with 4 different classes. Also, you play as a dwarf. Supports online co-op with up to 4 players. **Orcs Must Die! 2** - Tower defence game where you murder a lot of orcs while defending your Rift. Traps/Towers are deliberately underpowered, but you actively get in the fray to fight too. Things can go wrong quickly, but it tends to be really fun regardless. Supports online co-op with 2 players. **20XX** - Basically a roguelite Mega Man X but with co-op. There's a sequel coming down the line too, called 30XX. Supports both local (shared screen) and online co-op with 2 players. **Minecraft Dungeons** - A light Diablo-like game with a simple plot, making it easy to jump in and out without remembering too much. Supports both local (shared screen) and online co-op with up to 4 players.
Rec Room is essentially just a social game in the vein of things like VRChat and the like, but with a distinct art style. Despite it being initially made as a VR game, it also supports standard controls and they honestly work really well since the updates. You could make your own lounge in Rec Room, and use the in-game whiteboards to keep notes while you talk. Drawings made will be synchronised with all players, and there's even a 3D Pen for making basic models if you need that. (The intended purpose is to make your own objects and stuff to make games LittleBigPlanet-style, but I imagine it'll also work very well for a meeting purpose.) As a bonus, the game's free and has full cross-play between PC, iOS and PS4.
**Crypt of the NecroDancer** has health which is somewhat difficult to recover, as food is somewhat uncommon. You'll often be running around the Crypt at 50% HP just because you've been hit and haven't been able to heal it back for a good while. Skilled players can take it a step further, though. Magic in the game typically follows a cooldown system, where you'll be able to cast the spell again after killing so many enemies. However, if you try using the spell before it's recharged, it'll still work but you'll use your own health to cast it instead. (Known as Blood Magic) There are also some hidden shops which sell really valuable items, but they cost health to purchase.
Ehh, there's a lot more than cosmetics which is locked behind the cash shop. The act of *trading* is restricted to Premium players, and you can't sell items on the Visiphone without premium either (though it's possible to earn temporary 3-day shop passes as a free player of you're lucky) Other than that though, really enjoying PSO2 so far.
Dungeon Defenders isn't free to play
Overwatch, if you're playing as Lúcio exclusively.
I wouldn't put No Man's Sky in this list - it's *heavily* based on waypoints, even if there's no planet map.
The gameplay of the **Katamari** series isn't the same, but it definitely has a weird silliness which is shared with Jazzpunk, though to a lesser extent (you're unfortunately not degaussing any pigeons). I believe the remake of the first Katamari game has a demo on Switch.
Surprisingly, it isn't. I can totally see why someone would think that, though. I've added a hint.
It's not, surprisingly. It does fit the description though, I will admit. I've added a hint.
Nope. Never played it, so I don't even *know* if it fits this description.
It is not. Haven't played it, so I wouldn't know if it fits this.
So I guess the answer to the question is: Someone managed to sculpt a statue of a crab on a crocodile so realistic that it actually manages to fool people into thinking it's real. And that's pretty impressive.
... The Death Standing's protagonist name is Darren? TIL. But no.
And this image lost basically *all* its quality too. It was *way* nicer looking last time this was posted.
It's a new config setting introduced in 1.4.0.**4**. By default, there's new multiplayer NPC smoothing, but it doesn't work very well. You can disable it by opening "Documents/My Games/Terraria/config.json" and changing "MultiplayerNPCSmoothingRange" to 0.
It's a new config setting introduced in 1.4.0.**4**. By default, there's new multiplayer NPC smoothing, but it doesn't work very well. You can disable it by opening "Documents/My Games/Terraria/config.json" and changing "MultiplayerNPCSmoothingRange" to 0.
1. Honestly, it depends on how you want to play. Journey Mode lets you circumvent a lot of the game's mechanics (especially in regards to gathering lots of ore and the like, getting platinum armour is pips and kinda trivialises some early challenge), while Classic mode... well, you know exactly what Classic mode is like. I'd say at least *try out* Journey because it's an interesting new experience regardless. 2. Classic/Master will be slightly less grindy than Classic/Expert, as the drop rates of rare items are yet again improved slightly in Master Mode, but not with quite as much severity as the difference between Normal and Expert. I wouldn't exactly call Terraria a grindy game anyway - you generally only need very little of a particular resource (with the sole exception of ores). The game *has* been balanced with Classic Mode in mind, remember. 3. If you're using everything Journey Mode has to offer, yes. There's literally a button in Journey Mode which makes you invincible. However, if you have self restraint, not as much as you'd think - especially if you're playing Solo. You can use as many of the Journey Powers as you want - so if you really want to, you can ignore Journey Mode's extra features altogether and just play the game as normal. As for world size, I'd say Medium if you're playing solo or Large if you're playing with a group. Medium has benefits of not having to travel as far and less risk of a corrupted jungle, while Large gives you WAY more building room and more chances for good loot to spawn. I find Small worlds kind of troublesome to play though, as wyverns are sometimes able to spawn on surface level and there's less area to get good loot in. (Not to mention the severely lowered chance of finding a pyramid...)
Look up a map called "Terraria Builder's Workshop". You can download the map and it has every item in it - no server required. Though... what are you doing playing Mediumcore, anyway? Game was designed with Softcore/Classic in mind. You'll *heavily* regret your decision later if you're new to the game.
Honestly, the Master Mode differences in drop rates are *miniscule.* Whereas Expert Mode increases droprates on rarer drops by ~20-50% (depending on the drop), for Master Mode it's more 2-5%. Though, looking into it - I also don't know to what extent the increased drop rates actually cover. The only item I can find with actually changed drop rates in Master Mode is the Slime Staff (from 0.1% [Classic] to 0.14% [Expert] to a whopping 0.143% [Master]) - so it could very well be that for **every single other item**, the drop rate is the same as Expert Mode. I hope not, but I'm finding no proof otherwise.
It varies around ~10 blocks though. This has been the case since 1.0.0, I believe.
Nah. Moon Lord is, and forever will be, the final boss. EoL is a boss to fill the weird gap between Golem and the Cultists, though you *can* fight her as soon as you beat Plantera. I'd put her difficulty a fair bit before Duke Fishron, though the loot is absolutely fantastic. One of the weapons is basically just a Hardmode version of the Arkhalis, with some decent range to boot.
Pret-ty sure Alt-F4 does not save any character data since the last backup. (The game does backup every ~15 or so minutes, though - iirc, both character *and* world goes through this backup, though the character one happens more often.)
Living space. Specifically, the tile that their Home Flag appears on when you give them a house. (You can strategically place furniture to move the flag and make NPCs appear closer or further away than they actually are...)
If the Jungle is next to the Corruption/Crimson, I'd recommend blocking it off. Other than that, no real preparations necessary. The Hallow isn't nearly as bad as some people say it i, and honestly, I actually *recommend* letting the Hallow spread to your base and around the jungle! Crimruption can't spread past the Hallow, see.
The Sky Fracture is still very good. The nerf is just a Mana Cost one (and honestly isn't even that big) - as long as you have Mana potions (like any mage should), you'll be fine.
The estimate is late 2020. (Probably December, but I wouldn't be surprised if it gets delayed a month or two) Note that it'll also include content from 1.3.2+. The Mobile devs have said that they're just jumping straight into working on the Journey's End content instead of making sure a patch inbetween is working fine.
Crate chance is always 10% iirc (as long as you have at least 50% Fishing Power) Fishing Power does, however, give you better crates. If your Fishing Power is low, you'll mostly just be getting Wooden Crates with basic loot inside. If you're looking for Iron/Gold/Biome crates specifically, raise your Fishing Power as high as you can. Also raise it as high as you can anyway - more Fishing Power means faster catches.
Sandstone Bricks look different. Their brick texture is the height of an entire block, with each brick texture having random width. Grey Bricks (the ones made of stone) are more uniform with each brick having a set size, and the bricks themselves visually appear at about half the size compared to Sandstone Bricks. Some people use Grey-painted Sandstone Bricks to make their build look a bit more messy/ancient. Depends on how you want your bricks to look, really. As for the slabs... I actually don't know. They look identical to me. Maybe they react to paint differently?
You don't need to golf to get the Lawn Mower though, he sells that from the start.
Yes. The position that the Hallow and Crimruption biomes generate is calculated when the Wall of Flesh is defeated.
Are you copying your 1.4 (Journey's End) characters and worlds? They won't be compatible, as tModLoader is currently built for Terraria 1.3.5.
I've seen a difference in the Slime Staff drop rate, but that's the only item I've noticed so far.
*demonstation
It.. it does? I was able to get by fine with my Old One's Army arena and the usual mobility tools (Boots, Shield and, while I would normally say flight, I was still using the Bundle of Balloons for the fight) The attacks didn't do that much damage and were fair and nicely telegraphed, though they can be difficult to dodge, it never feels like the game just randomly hit you like most other bosses. Maybe it's the fact that I was playing Melee and geared in full Beetle, though. That damage reduction probably helped. Still wouldn't call it more difficult that Duke though, because we fought him basically right after, with the same gear (... Plus Starlight) and got destroyed.
Rock of Ages?
Tier 3 Lightning Aura shreds the regular mooks in the army, so you can completely focus on taking out the priority targets (mainly just the flying ones, actually.)
Totally. A major update dropped about a month ago, too - so there's a lot more to do now.
I know you can get 20 Good Pickaxes/Rods from the casino per week, but I don't know of any other sources
It's just a regular bass, though. The most metal of all fish.
... I actually thought dead dwarves didn't even *have* an outline, so I've just been doing this on instinct.
Curious - where did you get that information from?
*All* NPCs like being by themselves (or with one other NPC close by). Two other NPCs is "neutral" (no happiness bonus or penalty) and three+ is bad (increasing penalty for each NPC)
You're still using the Sunfury when fighting the mechanical bosses? Think it's time to upgrade to the Dao of Pow!
**The Twins** - Recommended for the first fight. You only need a good yo-yo and the Yo-yo Bag. Compared to the other bosses, The Twins are definitely the most predictable. Focus on Spazmatism first - once you have him down, Retinaser is a cakewalk. You may have to switch to another weapon when Spazmatism is in Phase 2 - Shadowflame Knife or Flying Knife works well here. **The Destroyer** - The piercing power of the Flying Knife completely destroys this boss, but you need a good defence against his probes. I recommend the Dao of Pow, because it's got good damage, range and piercing to deal with multiple probes at once. It's very easy to get overwhelmed during the Destroyer fight - I would say it's the most difficult of the lot without cheese methods! **Skeletron Prime** - Prime's recent buff has made him much less of a pushover than he used to be. Use a yo-yo and focus down the melee arms first, because they deal some serious damage. The laser arm is also quite dangerous, but you can ignore the bomb arm - it is no threat if you're not standing still. Other than that, the strategy is the same as Normal Skeletron - yo-yo the head, don't let it trap you. Also, don't forget your Flasks! Corruption worlds have access to the Flask of Cursed Flames (pretty good DoT as it got buffed in 1.4) while Crimson worlds have access to the Flask of Ichor (reduces enemy defence, best flask in the game)
It's possible that one of the mods you're using is causing framerate issues - but it's hard to test which one. Did you build anything near your base?
Wire signals are pulses in Terraria, not on/off switches like in Minecraft. The concept of "inverting" the signal is pointless because there's nothing to invert. What are you trying to do?
Pick up the item, and then press in the Right Stick to use items straight from your inventory. It's awkward, I know. The game lists it in the controls as "Build Mode", even for items like the Magic Mirror.
Or you'd come back to fishing the ground near your spawn point with only 2 crates because a blood moon happened and killed you while you were sleeping
... This may sound crazy, but try locking your PC and then unlocking it. I had a very similar issue and this was a temporary solution. Apparently it was an issue with the RGB keyboard stuff the game does, though I find it baffling that I only had the issue *after* killing the final boss. Edit: wait hold up, *you said you can walk?* Nevermind, then.
... Why are you playing Mediumcore? The game was designed with Softcore/Classic in mind. The latter half of the game actually makes it *impossible* to get your stuff back in Mediumcore because of the ramped up enemy stats everywhere in the world. It effectively just becomes a worse version of Hardcore Mode.
I mean, you could just place the switch, activate the door and then break/place the switch again. Levers switching sides when used is purely visual - the actual wiring change is exactly the same each time. No gates required. Or, in terms of using the AND gate, just break the wire, toggle the gate and then reconnect the wire again.
The Mobile version *does* have controller support, but it's a little more limited than the Switch version. I don't blame you for wanting physical buttons - that's why I ended up sticking with the Switch version for as long as I did.
*Wow.* That's not the impression I got from it at all. I thought it just increased your Draw Attack damage by 15%. Then I remembered that this game doesn't even *have* Draw Attacks - that's a Monster Hunter thing.
There are a **lot** of enemies in this game which attack through walls, you know... *Especially* in Hardmode.
Worms (and variants), Goblin Sorcerers, Man Eaters, Blazing Wheels, Meteor Heads, Tim, Fungi Bulbs... And that's just in Normalmode. Enter Hardmode, and you've got Giant Fungi Bulbs, Angry Trappers, Biome Mimics, Enchanted Swords (and variants), Desert Spirits, The Entire Dungeon, Floaty Gross, Rune Wizards, Wyverns, Goblin Summoners, the Dreadnautilus, Sand Sharks, Sand Elementals, Flying Dutchman, Reapers, Deadly Spheres\*, Mothron, Dr. Man Fly... Yup. That definitely looks like 2 to me. I realise not all of them will apply depending on where you fish, but there's still a lot to worry about - especially when it comes to random events.
Yeah, this just seems like people misunderstanding probability. 1-in-20 chance of failure **never** means a guaranteed victory. Do it often enough, and you're gonna get very used to that failure screen.
Fun fact: Fire Emblem's RNG is actually weighted, often in the player's favour. The game actually rolls each hit chance **twice**, and uses the average between the two to determine what hits and what doesn't. (This means that a 90% chance to hit is actually a 99% chance, and a 75% chance to hit is actually a 93.75% chance)
&gt; Any gsme that has you follow a specific guide to win is blatantly bad. I take it you're not that fond of PSO2, then?
The context of the fishing was not specified - only that they were fishing. They didn't say *where*, *when* or *why* they were fishing - just that they *were.* Only seems reasonable to list all the possible threats to fishing. (Also, I didn't name everything. Anything that wouldn't appear while AFK - like the Moon events and the Lunar Pillars - I completely ignored.)
You could have just ended that at "You can't take Red seriously". Like, he jokes around on the Discord a *lot.* People then take the jokes as fact. (Like the whole torch thing.)
The intention behind the torch mechanic was to have some weird extra mechanics you could do to increase your odds at getting rare items, not too dissimilar to the Masuda Method from Pokémon. People ended up using his Discord quote (saying that he disliked wrong-biome torches so much that he implemented the mechanic in the first place) as the truth, when it comes off in a very jokey manner in the actual quote. (It appears on multiple pages of the Wiki, too.)
I am very aware.
Character Mode =/= Game Difficulty I'll admit though, the game does an absolutely *terrible* job of explaining the modes. I'll give a better explanation: Character Modes: * **Journey** - "Creative Mode" character. Can only be used on worlds in Journey Mode. * **Classic** - Standard mode of play. Drop only money on death, though the amount you drop depends on your World Mode. * **Mediumcore** - Drop all your items on death. Often referred to as "Tediumcore" or "Hardcore Minus" by fans of the game, because there's often no real way of getting your items back. *Only for those who want to feel pain.* * **Hardcore** - Once you die, you're dead for good. *Only for those who want to feel pain.* World Modes: (ie: The actual difficulty mode you were looking for) * **Journey** - "Creative Mode" world, though Terraria's rules are a bit different. Items have to be encountered first in Journey Mode before they can be duplicated, and you can choose how difficult you want the game to be on-the-fly. * **Classic** - Standard difficulty recommended for new players. * **Expert Mode** - Hard difficulty recommended for experienced players. Enemy HP and damage is doubled, and some enemies have new AI. ***(Probably what you were looking for.)*** * **Master Mode** - Extreme difficulty recommended for true masters of the game. Enemy HP and damage is tripled, but there are no AI differences compared to Expert. Prepare to die a lot. * (Special Mention: The "For The Worthy" World Seed, which can be *stacked* with existing world modes to further increase the difficulty. Many people prefer FTW in Expert Mode compared to Master Mode itself.) All Mediumcore and Hardcore does is just increase the punishment for death. They do *nothing* to actually affect the difficulty of the game, they only serve to increase tedium.
Bizarrely, I actually find the Expert drop the most useless part of her drops! Flight time is very easy to refresh (and fairly long anyway, especially with Empress or Betsy Wings) and usually at that point, you've got a mount with *infinite* flight - so why waste an accessory slot?
Isn't Te/Fo like... *really bad?* I know I'm a bit new, but I've heard basically every Techter say that Force is a really bad subclass for it.
Playing Te/Fi on NA. What Skill Rings (R) should I be using? I'm still using the Boosted Enemy Slayer one, but I'm really not sure which (R) ring I should equip. Honestly, they all look kinda... underwhelming?
oh god i totally do this sometimes without realising ;-;
Xbox Accounts are free
Eh, you asked, so "10547170".
Terraria 1.4 characters are not compatible with the current version of tModLoader.
To start: Craft worms with fallen stars for Enchanted Nightcrawlers. (35% Bait Power) You then want to get as much Fishing Power as possible - I recommend doing the Angler's quests for the armour. Note that sleeping is a thing now, making it a lot easier. Finally, fish for crates. The crates and quests combined will usually give enough Master Bait (50%) that they become self-sufficient. The accessory which reduces bait consumption also helps, but that's *super* RNG. For Lava Bait, make a town in hell with at least 3 NPCs. This will vastly increase the critter spawn rate near the town, making collecting Lava Bait a breeze.
The Magnet Sphere from the Dungeon is good enough for that, though it's damage might be lacking for the Pillars. Regardless, the knockback from the Sphere should keep enemies off your back before you can focus them down with your bows and guns.
It is called the Nimbus Rod, from the Angry Nimbus enemies. c:
Eh, the Rainbow Rod and Staff of the White Tiger (or whatever it's called) are fantastic, and the Piranha Gun got buffed too.
They *all* stack. If you hover your mouse over the buff icon (or view it on the Equipment menu on Console), you'll notice that all the banners get merged into a single buff.
It's uncommon that you get more than 1 gem or gemcorn from a gem tree, but it does happen. On average, you will make a profit on gemcorns if you have enough trees to make up for the few which drop nothing. With though trees, it makes for a good (but slow) way of farming the rarer gems, like diamonds
The game is designed around playing multiple worlds with the same character. They'd make characters a per-world thing (like Minecraft) if it wasn't!
You can in Minecraft, because Minecraft doors have no requirement for a ceiling.
Specifically, the best modifier on *Console.* The Terrarian can get Legendary in Journey's End.
If you're in Hardmode at all, the first tier is already dead. The first tier is really designed to be beaten with mid-Normalmode weapons, like the Beegun and Vilethorn.
He's got a ~~Ham~~Drax, the ghosts are Normalmode enemies. He'll be fine.
Eh, I think there are concepts from Otherworld which would work quite well. Their version of Pylons changed and protected the biomes around them, which I kinda wish was a Vanilla feature (or at least, something similar) - and the swing-grapple just looked *fun.* I also realise though, that all the features of Otherworld that looked good... were also part of Starbound? So I guess there was nothing new that it brought to the table. Still wouldn't mind seeing those ideas in Vanilla, though. Or Terraria 2.
If you kill pixies in the Hallow, you can use their drops to create Holy Water which will allow you to spread the Hallow easily. You can then turn one of your world's existing desert biomes (or a beach) into the Hallowed Desert for the Sky Fracture, which is a great starting point. Equipment you get from Mimics (Magic Dagger, Crystal Vile Shard) also tends to be great. Don't forget that you can use Ichor from Crimson Enemies to make the Golden Shower, too!
You can't get the Water Bolt before beating Skeletron anymore
Which console are you playing on? Can we get a recording of you doing this? (The Switch let's you auto record the previous 30 seconds by pressing the screenshot button)
The Flamelash is a flat upgrade to the Magic Missile, and they said they were already using it.
Don't fight the Destroyer first if you're not using cheese tactics. The other bosses are considerably easier - Prime gives a good Piercing Ranged weapon (if you don't want to use the still-pretty-cheesy Stormbow) and the Twins gives a fantastic summon
Looked pretty bright to me, actually. Not everyone plays on +100% Brightness.
Would Reddit not be a better place for this kind of thing? Discord messages get buried but Reddit posts tend to stay for a lot longer. Plus, the devs are just as active here.
Really? The original trilogy got a remaster last year or so. Everyone was talking about it because the remaster is honestly *really good*
Wait this is literally just me
It's 1/20th the chance for most rare items. However, the Slime Staff is not affected by that.
The keyblade wand!
If you have only a handful of DEX (~10-ish), it won't matter *that* much and is *relatively* easy to fix. The cap for all mag levels combined is 200, so most people just go for 200 of their main damage stat.
As someone who's played the PC version to completion, I can confirm you can do that. There's even special dialogue if you play New Game+ with your levels still intact.
I found it quite tough at times, though that might have been because I was undergeared. It was a fun challenge, though! There is an Assist Mode which lets you tone down things like enemy damage, enemy speed and *puzzle* speed (timed puzzles are common, but the penalty for failure is literally just doing the puzzle again).
LEGO Worlds is *very* different to the other LEGO games - honestly, the other ones kinda felt like cheap PS2 games to me in terms of gameplay. They just felt very basic without much to do, other than switching characters every now and again because one of them has an ability which lets you interact with this specific arrangement of blocks. Maybe it was the ones I played, but I could not get on with any of the LEGO games that I played. (And honestly, wanted a LEGO game which was *actually about LEGO*) LEGO Worlds, on the other hand, is exactly what I wanted. I have it on PC, but being able to just *create* LEGO stuff while also doing fun things on the side is nice. (Though I'd still say Minecraft kinda beats the lot of 'em - especially if you're playing the Java version with all the moddability.)
Okay, guess we watched two completely seperate videos with the exact same issue with the text in the exact same location, then.
Thankfully, it's pretty easy to recharge your Mana by drinking a potion
That's a yawn, but I'll take it.
/r/ThanksWorldGen What happens if you break the orb part?
You can craft Iron Anvils with 5 Iron Bars at a workbench. If you're on a world with Lead Ore instead of Iron Ore, it can be considerably harder to get iron - as you'll only be able to get Iron Ore/Bars from crates or random slimes. It's still possible to get the iron anvil without purchasing/looting them, though!
I think it was unintentionally made lower because of all the changes to desert biomes - the introduction of the new stuff indirectly made the pyramids less common.
The Forest pylon will not work (as "Forest" is actually just the absence of any other biome), but your Desert and Ocean pylons will still work.
You trigger it by double-clicking!
I imagine it will automatically update, with an alternate branch to revert to the 1.3.5 version.
IIRC, PvP damage does not scale with difficulty. (Bombs, Scarab Bombs, Dynamite and Explosives count as PvP damage.)
The latter. Desert enemies will spawn if there's a desert biome on the edge of your screen, yeah.
The focus is definitely on the players and not as much the game within CrossWorlds. (CrossWorlds is the name of the MMO in the story) If anything, CrossWorlds' own plot becomes more of a side story, and it doesn't overstay it's welcome. The main plot is the stories that happen between the players of the game.
&gt; actually doesn’t use any random number generator for their dice, instead the numbers that show up are predetermined by a list the game follows that just resets at the start of each new game That's how randomness works in **all** games. Computers can't actually do true randomness, so they kinda just have to fake it the best they can. Thankfully, modern computer randomness is pretty hard to predict, so effectively it works just the same. Though that only applies if the game is just choosing random numbers outright. 51 Worldwide Classics often has physics affect the results as well, which could be more or less random depending on who you ask. I do wonder if it's possible to affect the result somehow.
A Hat in Time's multiplayer is actually fantastically done, as one player isn't needlessly punished if the skill levels of both players differ. As a comparison - in the New Super Mario Bros games, one player would either have to wait for the other player to catch up, or they'd run on ahead and cause the other player to die. It only really works if both players have the same amount of skill. In A Hat in Time, both players get their own side of the screen and there isn't any weird "This can only be done by Player 1" stuff, though if Bow Kid (P2) ends up triggering a cutscene, it displays with Hat Kid (P1) anyway. It's honestly some of the best multiplayer I've seen in a game.
Okay, I'll draw the line before The Greatest Jagras - that one actually puts up some fight. The spit attack can flat-out *one-shot* you and has so much range that you're forced to abuse i-frames (usually the super-dive) to avoid it. Plus, most of his other moves take a good ~70-80% of your Health Boost III health bar *with* the 20% defence bonus from the Hunting Horn. And he's fast, too. I wouldn't blame anyone for dying to Greatest. (Assuming you're fighting it in purely late High Rank gear like you're supposed to, anyway - obviously if you fight him with M-Rank gear, he'll get destroyed)
A villager has forgotten to return their library book on time
So like, Minecraft: The Noob Adventures then?
I'm pretty sure that the base game Minecraft has **no** canon. The stories in Minecraft are that which you make yourself. It just so happens that two of them are officially produced.
Eh, I wouldn't. Mine barely lasted a year before the screen broke off, and the straps just kinda crumbled after 2 months (though they were, thankfully, replaceable) Still kinda prefer the Pebble, to be honest.
Specifically, New Super Mario Bros. Wii.
The train heading for the Mystic Ruins will be departing soon
Story Mode is *very* not canon.
I've known quite a few games which shows the host's ping as -1. But I'm pretty sure Valorant has dedicated servers...
I'm thinking it's either Overcooked or Cook, Serve, Delicious.
I'm pretty sure you don't steal vehicles and run over pedestrians in Assassin's Creed...
Jet Set RADIOOOOOO
Oddly, I only get this when running AQs, when there are a lot of items on the ground. Could be coincidence (it's only happened twice so far), but it's got me wary at least. It's caused me to focus on gathering during PSE Bursts, though!
Katamari Damacy
What do you mean? If you don't input a seed, you'll just get a random one and that means Seeded Mode will be off.
Where are the flying hedgehags at?
Nah. Pretty sure XCOM squads are larger than 4, anyway.
... They're not called mesas?
To me it just looks more like a shadow clone thing, except she's able to control both sides. Also, it does seem like the clones dissipate immediately upon taking any kind of damage in a very "soft" (for lack of a better word?) way. I wouldn't be surprised if she doesn't feel any pain when split, but of course - a single hit would merge her again. Though, that just brings in other questions, like her putting herself in dangerous situations purely because she knows there's no repurcussions. What happens when there *is?*
.. Pret-ty sure Saints Row still has profanity. You're getting closer, though.
I didn't know it was possible to hq2x builds. It's terrifying.
Solved! I was starting to get worried, I thought this game was a bit more popular...
True. A lot of the handheld games don't have the Triforce or Ganon. Bizarrely, Tri Force Heroes is one of them.
To be fair, all the non-crossover games with Captain Falcon have you control his *vehicle* rather than him directly - as his games (F-Zero) are entirely racing games. He also appears in Smash Bros. as quite possibly one of the most iconic characters to the series, to the point where people often mistake him for a Smash Bros. original. *"Show me your moves!"*
I'm... not sure if you understood what I said. I meant that people think that Captain Falcon was literally created *for* Smash Bros, not the truth that he's a character from F-Zero brought into Smash. Smash 64 was **not** Captain Falcon's first appearance.
If the friendly fire from the Driller is just the flamethrower, it's fine. Tiny fire damage is preferred to big alien damage. But as soon as he switches to C4 or the Cryo Cannon... Though out of this entire list, I'd probably prefer the shield-less Gunner. They could still be a fairly competent shot and you only really need the shield when things are already troublesome, or there are macteras.
Nah, there's just an invisible Katamari.
On the plus side, at least I have a blurry picture of a Lynel now. ... wait
Nintendo literally announced another one for the Switch a few days ago. Google it! I believe it's called "New Pokémon Snap".
I'm gonna go wild and guess Okami.
Nuclear Throne!
Honestly? Rec Room. Get a few friends or roll solo. It's basically a bunch of minigames - the Wii Sports of VR, as it were. Though it's considerably harder to get into now compared to a few years ago, unfortunately.
Solved! Think I might've made this one a little too easy :P
Solved! (This one was really obvious...)
At least Link got to sleep through it all - Zelda got to *watch* it get destroyed.
The demo was part of the Steam Summer Festival! With the festival now over, the demo is no longer accessible.
That... seems fairly obvious to me. Though curious, rigged in what way?
Path of Exile?
Could have just been a terrible massage therapist.
I had Bedazzled Armpit before. Best thing about it was that it was also a Rich Atmosphere mission.
Also, it's among the top posts of the sub, **7 months** ago. Reposting this GIF in particular should be banned.
I'm not saying to ban the *people,* just have this GIF being reposted be against the rules.
Nope. Haven't heard of that game.
Scribblenauts Unlimited?
Mmnope!
I think the quality of the content is definitely coming back, but I don't think YouTube will ever put NerdCubed's videos into recommended anymore because he's purposefully demonetised himself. (And why would YouTube recommend demonetised videos?) So I doubt people would flock to his videos as much as they used to, even if they are higher quality now.
I thought you played *as* the dad in God of War? Either way, nope.
Team Sonic Racing! ...What? ...What? ... Don't tell me you don't spend more time customising your cars than actually racing.
How are you supposed to play 52 Card Pickup when there's only one card
Real talk though, everyone should play Drill Dozer
I believe it only counts *kicking* the barrels, not touching them. Given that I typically just jump on the barrels to get them to flip out, I ended up accidentally getting this achievement pretty early.
Monster Hunter World? I know Elder Dragons aren't *technically* dragons, but this describes the plot of the base game pretty well.
Sunset Overdrive!
There *should* be a zone select. It unlocks when you unlock your first bonus zone. Though I think the game might expect your first bonus zone to be the one that unlocks at 5 emblems - how many emblems do you have?
You look at the maclanky and think about how delicious it would be. You think about how delicious it would be if you ate it raw. You think about how delicious it would be if you at it cooked. AI Dungeon 2 is a treasure.
You underestimate how big of a Monster Hunter fan I am :D
&gt; the only mode you can play without sound Is that a challenge?
Don't rush into rooms. One of the biggest tips I can give newcomers is to lead enemies into a single-block wide corridor, so that only one enemy can fit through at a time. This basically helps ensure you're not overwhelmed by three enemies at once, so you can learn their attack patterns and take them out easily. I still do this even as an experienced player. Note: Does not work with red dragons.
Really? Huh. I always found Z4 to be easier than Z3, but that's mostly because kiting still works in Z4 (whereas you *have* to go all-out in Z3 or get swarmed)
Ghost Trick? Gonna be honest, I don't know a whole lot about the game. I just know a dog is one of the main characters.
I wonder, do they differentiate between gifted versions of an item and original ones? Because one of my villagers gave me an exact copy of an item I wear a lot.
Oh man, this reminds me of something I did in Animal Crossing Wild World way back when. I totally want to try this out when it's ready!
