Yeah, while you're in it
Pay some bills, get me a better used car, nice dinners, a nice vacation. I could do a lot with 10k. I don't desparately need it, I'm in no debt and make enough to easily get by, but it would be nice to have for sure.
Same, some songs I hear have such a wild dynamic and sound design it makes me want to give up
Well it's what you need to hear. Focus on yourself and let things happen, if you go seeking a relationship, then you will ultimately not be satisfied. It's not fair to yourself or potential partners.
Why do you need two cock rings?
Littering and, uhh, liTterinG and uhh, l i t T e r I n g and u h h...
Yeah, a bunch of shows on that channel got cancelled simultaneously, including Brooklyn 99
You enjoyed looking at her chest and that was it
At least many of them went on to have successful acting careers.
Being immortal would suck. How would your memories even work? Imagine trying to remember a specific day after you've experienced millions of years. Plus, unlimited wealth would mean you could basically buy your way into good health.
&gt; (I'm 32) whereas my gf(21, yeah I'm dirty, but she's legal) Ew
Or, you know, most people who are 27+ realize that 18 year olds are still immature and lack important life experience.
Who were designed by another famous comic creator, Jamie Hewlett. He created Tank Girl!
I'm indifferent to the driver of the red car
You know hangovers are mostly just dehydration, right? You can basically prevent a hangover by staying hydrated while you drink alcohol. It's not hard. Downvoting the truth only makes you look like a stubborn jackass.
Vastly improved
DMT is still very different from most other psychedelics. LSD and Mushrooms still feel very tied to waking reality by comparison to DMT. For me, DMT was like being taken out of everything I've known as reality and hurled through an entirely different spiritual dimension. I saw vivid, shifting, incredibly beautiful geometric shapes with archetypal imagery woven throughout them. Ancient hieroglyphics, temples, pyramids and more, all while feeling this immaculate bliss. I felt the presence of an ineffable, god-like intelligence with a motherly embrace radiating love and understanding. I felt like I was going to die and was completely at peace with it. I was ready to give in and disappear into whatever I was experiencing. It's an experience that words could never fully explain, and it was the best experience of my life.
Oh yes, and Ott. Also everyone who had a set at Astral Lights 👌
Found yet another dude who is ignorant to the fact that he has an immune system protecting him from the shit particles that are EVERYWHERE.
"upvote in comment form"
Also the [Wiesmann MF5](https://images.hgmsites.net/med/wiesmann-mf5-motorauthority-004_100213693_m.jpg)
"I should not question her parenting if I wasn't a parent myself" I absolutely hate shitty, entitled, cunt parents who pull this card out. Just because I'm not a parent myself doesn't mean I'm incapable of recognizing poor parenting behavior.
ESH You are really ignorant if you think CBD is dangerous. He's an asshole for scaring you like that, but you're an asshole for constantly telling him something like CBD is dangerous when it's not... especially when you yourself are smoking regular weed.
It's bigger than it looks! Jeremy Clarkson fit inside the roadster version just fine.
No
That if you farted in the middle of the US it would make it to China in like 5 minutes
You must have been given flavored drinks way too early and far too often growing up. I enjoy flavored drinks and drink more soda than I should, but water is fucking incredible. Nothing will ever quench true thirst like water.
Drink more water you dumb fuck!
As if covered shoes would protect your feet if you were to mow over them?
Ball is l̶i̶f̶e̶ light
Your stuff just keeps getting better and better, man. Keep up the great work!
It almost gives the impression that the car isn't a slow, heavy, unreliable piece of shit
I think a notable aspect of UFO descriptions is that many of them are either totally silent or produce a slight hum. Also that they can stop and change direction on a dime, this could be indication of gravitational distortion based propulsion as well as some kind of inertia cancellation (otherwise the occupants would slam against the interior when suddenly stopping/changing direction)
Yeah, if it gets kids to cover their cough instead of spewing it into the air like little dipshits then I say go for it.
I feel like you're making a joke, but since it makes no sense it's hard to tell.
Iffin you'd be so kind as to let us!
You and most everyone else. It's not a real "phobia" it's a natural aversion to decay/rotting flesh that your mind has which, for many, can be triggered by unusual stimuli such as clusters of holes or bubbles.
Be respectful to *this* fucking psycho?? The family dog was murdered for fuck's sake! The excuses of bigotry from the family mean jack shit when the fucking dog was killed too. It's an insult to people actually struggling with gender identity.
That "other part of the universe" may be another life. Our physical forms could essentially be radio tuners that can pick up on universal consciousness. Maybe your raw consciousness will express itself through some other physical form. Nobody knows what really happens, but it's fun to speculate :)
JESUS SAVES JESUS SAVESJESUS SAVES JESUS JESUS JESUS SAVES JESUSSAVES
I worked as a server/busser at a pizza place, and one time these kids had dumped the jars of pepper flakes and cheese all over the table and floor... then shredded a bunch of napkins all over it. The parents just sat there conversing as if the kids weren't even there. Fucking assholes.
I wouldn't be surprised if she's a genuine kleptomaniac. Who needs 4 irons? She probably steals for the rush and like any other high, you eventually build tolerance to it. The bigger the items, the more difficult it is to hide them, thus a stronger rush if you get away with it.
In what possible way was their comment slut shaming?? All they said was not to ask complete strangers to be FWB
Still a goodboye, just not feeling well :C
The UFOs that seem to move incredibly fast and can stop/change direction on a dime could be using some sort of gravitational distortion based propulsion system as Lazar describes, as well as an inertia cancelling system so the occupants don't slam into the interior.
There may also be a crucial component of its stability that our understanding of physics doesn't cover yet. The supposed cloud chamber experiment of stable 115 showed that it bent light around itself, are there any other elements that do something like that which we know of??
It sounds... intimidating
"Lately"
My friend has a 2016 Kia with manual windows and locks... like wtf, I know it's a budget model but that shit was standard on most budget models almost a decade ago.
Most of the shows I go to are focused on bass. Lots of deep and heavy dubstep, and experimental bass music like Tsuruda.
Nice work, fits well with this mix I'm listening to
NTA whatsoever, your boyfriend sounds like an insecure little bitch.
Lahey: "Some people don't know how to drink. They drink *against* the grain of the liquor, and when you drink against the grain of the liquor... you lose" Randy: "The fuck are you talkin about?"
I love this response, it's such nonsense
LANAAAAA
A very expensive thing
"wE'vE nOtiCed yoU'rE uSinG aN Ad bLocKer" And I'm gonna keep using it, my dudes
As someone who loves cinnamon and is allergic to nuts, these are the bane of my existence. They smell so gooood and I can't eat them :C
Regaln't
I think some people aren't very good at observation, the whole image has an obvious rendered look to me. It's pretty, but definitely doesn't look real.
ITT: a concerning number of people who are bad at discerning a rendered image from a real one (especially when "digital 3d" is in the title)
What does it smell like? I'm imagining that sour wet dog/lake water type smell.
&gt;I am native so don't argue my point I won't argue against that, but you're kind of a dick for assuming that OP's friend is a white woman appropriating the culture when you have no idea who she actually is.
You can swear anywhere you want
That's *literally* what it is. Don't let anyone tell you DXM/Robitussin cough syrup counts as lean. Lean is always codeine and prometh syrup mixed with Sprite.
It's *very* hard to get because of how tightly regulated it is. A typical bottle goes between $500-$1000 and most people listening to the rap it's an aspect of probably can't afford that.
I would love it if child free hours at establishments were a common thing
I almost punched my screen
A band, what he meant was Alex Gray's DMT inspired [artwork](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2000/1*z6egnhPoF5Go7xn7tbsibw.jpeg) which has been featured on Tool's albums
What an ignorant assertion. So, history has no credibility? Eye witnesses and recreations somehow mean nothing unless they're recent? Why? What the fuck are you even getting at?
Sources? I've never heard of this being done
Yep, this car is a rolling shitpost and the owner knows it
That was the first episode I saw, fell in love instantly
Cool uncle cigs
Lol there's a rock band called Element 115
Nah, this is actually really clever. I'm not into his music but this lyric isn't total nonsense, it just works on a more abstract level.
I'm already Tracer
Also bathrooms. Why the fuck was this ever a thing?!
That *is* illegal
It exists *now* Japan has released a few different robotic fleshlight type devices that sync with VR headsets to simulate blowjobs/intercourse
Dude, shut the fuck up. Your one dimensional line of thinking is frustrating as hell.
It's making me violent
There are also people who pull the race card just to cover their own ass even when they are 100% in the wrong. I work security at a hospital, checking in visitors to specific units and we require ID for *every* visitor checking in, no matter the patient's status. One time we had an patient who was marked as having only a few specific visitors allowed. This woman called me a racist when I asked for her ID to prove that she was one of the few approved visitors she was claiming to be. Of course, it turned out she wasn't that person and was pulling the race card just to double down on her own bullshit. People like that are fucking assholes and disparage victims of *actual* racism.
I've had heat TWO heat treatments done by reputable exterminators and those fucking cunt bugs are still around
Nah, fuck that. It looks stupid and "iT's hOw i'Ve aLwAyS donE it" is a shit reason to keep doing it.
The "meth heads" you talk about in your pic probably type the same way. It's stupid.
No
chicken sandwich*
Diatomaceous Earth? That's what we've been using to keep them at bay and it's pretty damn effective. Down to seeing like 1-2 a month vs constantly all over the place before the heat treatments.
I love it! The only thing I'd change is maybe adding some dark grass texture or objects to the shady part behind the house, it just seems a little empty.
I hate idiots who answer questions that aren't theirs to answer
The internet is scawy :C pwease don't huwt me Fuck off
You've outdone yourself, Tenno
Subbed
recursion* incursion is an attack on something
Krieger
/r/gamephysics
[Nine months later](http://joeposnanski.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/monopoly-thimble-piece.jpg)
Stop taking pictures and get back to delivering those pizzas
Either way, this is brain damage level dumb and probably didn't actually happen
As if someone actually thought this was an ice cream sandwich and ordered it
Enter the Void is just boring and weird. I love DMT and the concepts surrounding it but the main character just spends most of the movie floating around as his own soul, having flashbacks and watching people fuck until he reincarnates as his own nephew at the end. The cinematography is pretty unique and the aesthetics are fairly appealing but that's about all I enjoyed from watching it.
Didn't walk out, but my mom felt pretty guilty about taking my brother and I to see Bruno when we were 14 and 15. We tried to assure her that it didn't make her a bad mother and that the movie didn't faze us. I *should* have walked out of the first Purge movie, my god what a shitshow. People kept laughing in the theater over how awful it was.
True, that scene is pretty unforgiving and harrowing. You don't see that a lot in modern cinema.
I have sleep apnea and I'd love a solution that doesn't involve having a mask or other shit hooked up to my face every night, I wouldn't be able to sleep with that stuff on.
I want to treat mine but I don't think I could sleep with a mask and tubes hooked up to my face every night
I'm hoping mine is due to being overweight, gonna try to improve my health before jumping the gun on a CPAP or worse.
/r/iamatotalpieceofshit "I delete my messages often" Okay??? How the fuck does that count as an excuse to get out of what you agreed on?
American here. I love them, but I hate that most others have no idea how to use them.
Can't stand the word "crisps" it's frustrating to say, I don't like the "sps" part. Much like with wasps, and breasts. EXQUISITE BREASTSTSSTS
A lot of American BBQ places have short, stubby, soft "chip" like fries.
So much good music in general has come from the UK!
This guy is fucking scum. Pedophilia shouldn't be normalized as an orientation, but it should be treated as a mental illness. Child molesters are absolute scum, but pedophiles who haven't harmed anyone and just want help should be able to get it without fear of being attacked. We treat non-offending yet homicidal people as mentally ill daily, why not treat non-offending pedophiles the same way?
Can you divorce in arranged marriage?
Google machine broke
God forbid you have to explain something to your kid
What?
It makes no sense, though. If you're choosing not to swear, then just don't say the words at all. Censorship doesn't make the word go away, you're still effectively swearing. I don't have a problem with a personal preference to not swear, but I do when their method makes no sense. Either say the words fully or not at all.
She was a really chill boss all around, and actually ended up meeting my girlfriend sometime later and was really sweet to her. Glad she only gave me a hard time because it was my fuck up.
Sounds more like a video for /r/watchpeopledie
The best kind of truth
You are rarted
My favorite is [The Nimitz Encounters](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26vx-EfVD8g) In 2004, 90 miles of the coast of California near San Diego, the servicemen and VFA pilots aboard US military ship called the Nimitz were conducting routine training and aerial defense exercises. Over a few days, unknown craft would appear and disappear from radar, making erratic movements with some appearing to decend from space to ocean level in seconds. Eventually, pilots spotted a large white pill shaped object the size of a commercial airliner just below the ocean surface, with a fighter-jet sized pill shaped object above it making erradic movements. A dog fight ensued with one of the VFA pilots and the small craft, going in a long circle before the unknown craft suddenly accelerated rapidly and disappeared over the horizon in seconds. It's one of my favorites because of the credibility of the witnesses, as well as the captured footage from the pilots.
Oooh, look at the rich man who doesn't have to piss in a drawer like the rest of us
They said blue Jupiter because of the big spot
That AND they stole his car
I liked it but man the sequel was bad
You call them a pussy and yet you're the one who self censors the word
Same, my brother wasn't so lucky but he still got a lot more good traits than I did.
*TALK* to your partner when you have those concerns, you ticking time bomb violent fuck.
It's clear that you loathe yourself and are just projecting. I hope things get better for you.
Los Angeles lost power once in the 80s I think, and people were calling the police to report strange clouds/gas in the sky... what they were seeing was the gas clouds in the center of our galaxy. There was basically no light pollution to block it from view.
It should be illegal, I'd consider it false advertising
Just helped you lower it :)
Fetus and Hobbes*
Do you realize how pretentious you sound? It's really cringy.
Which some are naturally better at than others...
You know hashtags are pointless on Reddit, right?
More like it's a random car full of stuff and there is zero context giving any indication of what state it's in.
Was Syd Mead also a photographer? Because it's a photo
Pretzel legs &lt;3
Oh really? What's the limit, and why is there one?
I'm really not big on IPAs at all but I've had a few that were decent, there are some that use fruit as a subtle ingredient which really rounds out the strong hoppy flavor. Some mango IPAs are game changers.
They stopped donating to anti-LGBT groups years ago, and guess what... they are just one of [dozens](https://www.phillymag.com/news/2012/08/01/boycott-chick-fil-a-more-companies/) of major companies to do so (there are more than that list), they just happened to get a media spotlight. Not to condone them doing it, but if you're gonna boycott them then you'd better make sure you boycott the others too, lest ye look like a bandwagon fool. Also, I know a few LGBT people who work at Chick-fil-A, and it wouldn't really make sense for them to hire people they supposedly hate. There's really no truly ethical consumption in a capitalist society, and there's no real way to know where *every* dollar you spend goes.
~ T H I S ~ Doug DeMuro starts his videos by saying "This" you downvoting jackasses
I really hate that they censored it. Censoring doesn't prevent the reader from knowing what's written, it's so annoyingly pointless. Tries to look hard but censors themselves, god what a dipshit.
on that note: /r/treessuckingatthings
Nope, born in 1992
I work at a hospital that was shot up in the 1960s. Some dude just walked into the ER with a shotgun and started blowing people away. Needless to say, our security has beefed up since then and we now have our own police force.
Much shorter, disease ridden lives. Glad we now have vaccines to fix that!
People *did* think about it, they were just much more quiet and secretive about it out of fear of ridicule and/or harm.
It was a problem then too, you were just much less likely to be called out on it
It was a nice way of saying you're being a pedantic fuckwad
Not accurate whatsoever but it's funny
Because they'd have to attempt to break into those other cars which may not even work so, they're just sticking with the one they know they can get into.
Please stay in school, preferably English class.
And yet there are humans working to cure diseases or make technological and scientific breakthroughs... the diversity of human behavior is bizarre.
Well, that's what happens any time you smell someone's fart. Also, you come into contact with poo particles every time you go into a public restroom (no matter how clean it looks) Shit happens
Honestly I'm not big on their breakfast at all and wish they did all day lunch/dinner too. Sometimes a guy wants a burger at 8 am.
If it was from Wish, shouldn't it have been the size of a little tykes car?
Why not? What makes that scary? We are literally parts of the universe that have manifested into forms that allow it to experience itself subjectively. The *universe* may be conscious, and our brains could essentially be radio tuners that pick up on conscious frequencies. I think that's a pretty cool perspective.
We are literally parts of the universe manifested into forms that allow it to experience itself subjectively. Our minds could essentially be radio tuners that pick up on frequencies of a universal consciousness. We define ourselves as sentient, but there may be higher levels of consciousness so beyond our scope of recognition that we can't even fathom... BUT I am thankful that we have the level of self awareness and cognitive capabilities to know that there are potential unknowns and concepts out of our grasp that we simply can't know. A lot of people like to think that we are definitively the apex of intelligence and comprehension, but it's a biiiiiiig universe and I believe that chances are we are not.
Cyberpunk 2020 is a videogame, dickhead
They don't, but whatever
Perhaps! Pantheism is the belief that all of reality/universe/space-time is the same as divinity. That the universe is god, we are it and it is us.
Camaro
I never order anything on Wish that's more than $10, so if I get fucked over it's not a huge loss.
Same reason any subreddit exists
It doesn't work for me on this post but it does on the original it was taken from on /r/peoplefuckingdying
Dead inside 😎🎷👌
Looks like a blast to drive!
The trap house sticker is just an absolute treat
Impossible
Well, he was a master sergeant the military. He didn't like being someone who had to yell at others and when he left he vowed to never raise his voice at anyone again.
He lived in Florida but the military stationed him in Alaska, where he first saw snow and mountains which later became inspiration for his paintings :)
Are you an elementary school teacher in 2006? You know Wikipedia is actually a credible source for information like 99% of the time, right? A lot of articles can't even be edited by the general public.
Ahh yes, the Dunning-Kruger effect in full force. Why take the high road and realize that mass downvotes in this case are a clear sign that you're wrong when you can double down on being dumbass and claim that people are just trying to stifle your "truth"?
How is it not obvious?
I love Simon Haiduks work but this doesn't fit the subreddit, but it would probably do well on /r/woahdude and /r/LSD
The Nazi flag sure, but the Swastika itself has a long and diverse history with symbolism in prosperity and tranquility. Really sad how much it has changed.
We really need to stop blaming autocorrect in a reality where proofreading is a thing
&gt; Just sayin’ Never understood the point of this phrase
I was hoping your link was this great line from [Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy](https://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/5a60f4f5-bce5-46a9-a549-55a50d4a2245)
I hate that people do that shit whenever a cop is near them on the road, if anything it makes them look *more* suspicious
perhaps
&gt; Andddddddd This does not read how you're likely intending it to read. If you stretch out a word then do it by what you would actually enunciate, man. Edit: Y'all are fuckin garbage, this shit isn't rocket science.
In what possible way does that guys nose resemble a pearl?
Yesn't
Ehh, not really
Avocado groves?
Probably Napa, but I'm not sure
You both suck
Okay Kyle
Good
This one guy's bio said "lol I just say random shit" ...okay?
*They* might think that but to me it makes them sound like a bitch
Right? That kinda stuff lets you know they're not worth your time right away.
&gt; full proof
Well, it's an acronym for "that hoe over there" being used in place of "hoe" for some reason... it's kinda dumb as fuck.
&gt; Full time yummy mummy Oh no
I think any "personality test" worth a damn would certainly not be one that you take yourself.
🙄
Dude you suck. Do you seriously think all servers make 40k+ a year and still bitch about their wages because of the few you know who supposedly do?? Those people are OUTLIERS in a system where a majority of servers average around 10-12 an hour max. I have never met a single server that made more than 25-30k a year other than my brother, and that was only temporary because the restaurant was new. After a few months the new place hype died down and he was back to 10 an hour *on a weekend*. Tip your servers you cheap fuck. Tipping culture in the US blows but your shitty anecdotal and bitter perspective is not a good reason to avoid engaging in the custom.
Thank you red circle, very cool!
???
Future generations are absolutely screwed. I couldn't possibly imagine having kids knowing that they're going to be financially ruined on a dying planet when they're grown up.
Reporter Name is hot af
They only have a feminine feel because a woman is wearing them in the image. Picture them on a guy... they work.
/r/brandnewsentence
&gt; most were just a style OP didn't like. That's literally every post, regardless of if you agreed with them or not
I looked that up in the play store and there was no app called "YouTube Vanced"
I... fucking,,, hate! when People . type, like this
The way that title is written is frustrating
"I'm so happy I'm not sad watching this"
I have never heard of false positives from touching currency, that just sounds ridiculous. The amount of cocaine leftover on currency is usually less than a *microgram* which is certainly not enough to trigger a false positive in a drug test. Not to mention, cocaine isn't the only drug people snort with rolled up currency.
You can think a fat cat is cute while still supporting it losing weight, you sarcastic, one-dimensional twat. Just because someone finds it cute doesn't mean they won't think it's cute when it's thinner.
Yeah, I don't pay a second thought to any number that I don't have saved and doesn't leave a message of some kind when I don't answer. I get waaay too many robo-calls to deal with that shit.
&gt; you are self-centered There is nothing self centered about not wanting children, you asshole. Even if it was, what's wrong with focusing on your own life? Having a kid isn't philanthropic so get off your high horse. If anything, it's self centered to want to bring new children into a dying world where they are likely going to be financially ruined when they become adults. People like you who don't see the bigger picture are frustrating as hell.
I think (hope) you dropped your /s
It would look better with beefier tires
We are literally parts of the universe that have manifested into forms that allow it to experience itself subjectively. Perhaps the entire universe is conscious and our bodies/brains are essentially radio tuners that are picking up on conscious frequencies, and perhaps when you shed your physical being your individual self (or "soul") melds back into the universal consciousness. This life you're living now may be one of countless experiences that "you" go through, but each new experience is a new "you" so to speak. Or perhaps, death *is* eternal and it goes back to being like before you were born. Nobody knows for sure but it is interesting to think about.
I don't recall the product name but I saw a video a while back for a device being developed that is built similarly to a hearing aid, which will translate spoken language in real time as you are conversing with someone. So far it works with English, French, Spanish and German.
&gt; oversized badger-lizards You say this like Badger-Lizards exist to begin with
I knew you weren't serious, my guess is you made the RX7 reference because of the vaguely similar rear light bar
Check out the [article](https://www.interaliamag.org/articles/stuart-hameroff-is-your-brain-really-a-computer-or-is-it-a-quantum-orchestra-tuned-to-the-universe/) I had linked above! It's an interesting read that goes into detail and analysis of basically what you said. The theory is that consciousness arises from quantum vibrations in protein polymers inside the brain’s neurons... vibrations that interfere, ‘collapse' and resonate across scale, control neuronal firings, and connect to ‘deeper order’ ripples in spacetime geometry.
I don't recall the name, but there was a philosopher who said something along the lines of "If I currently exist in some form, it seems logical that I have always existed in some form"
Hadn't heard of him before, but reading up on him now has piqued my interest!
I wouldn't assume these are UFOs, I'd assume they're meteors... because they look like meteors.
It's a troll post
You managed to out yourself as an ignorant fuckwad in two ways with just one sentence, congratulations.
I'd say so, they're basically the same car
&gt; that’s why he doesn’t make a single sound. This was always the most eerie part of the video for me, I'm sorta relieved to know the reasoning.
This is such a boomer comment
Certainly not your Karen
They tried that with alcohol in the 20's... it didn't go well. They've been trying it with drugs for decades... it has not gone well. Prohibition does not work.
Maaan, can I not just enjoy both of them?
I think you're getting ripped off. The half off should be the standard rate, and the discount should be half of that. I used to go to Life Time Fitness which is a luxury upscale gym with top of the line equipment, pool, saunas, amenities etc. and that was only $72 a month.
It looks bad on them, too.
I wish! It was just a basic SE. In the winter it made this l̶o̶v̶e̶l̶y̶ god awful high pitched squeeling in the front right wheel well.
Try to* I think it looks delicious and definitely restaurant quality, especially with that even sear! Well done, man.
Not that he needs all that... but once you get locked into a serious drug collection, the tendency is to push it as far as you can
Beeple has some pieces that are vaguely similar
I live in the midwest and wore my girlfriends ahegao hoodie out to lunch at a place filled with middle aged white people, it was fantastic [To the downvoters](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/454/514/c6a.jpg)
With no mate he'll have to cum in handy 😥
It was a drop of water...
Possibly, idk how UK prisons work but I know that in a lot of US prisons they separate offenders like him from genpop because they get attacked a lot. The one [he's in](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HM_Prison_Rye_Hill) only holds male sex offenders.
I'm at work and just looked down at the outlets below my desk, they all have the ground hole on top. Hadn't noticed before and normally I see it on the bottom! I work in a hospital and I'm guessing they made sure to do them correctly here because of strict building codes.
Dude, nobody is born a bigot. That bullshit comes from being raised in a toxic environment, lack of education, and lack of experiencing other cultures.
Security in general. It's often considered customer service, but it's the kind of customer service where you don't have take their entitled bullshit with a smile.
A [2019 Guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4SiiRx7GDzI)?
The animation/art style makes it my favorite
IIRC, each eye has its own focus and produces its own image in the brain, so it's like getting two fully focused and independent camera views at once. It's probably like split screen in their head.
\*honks aggressively* "Get the fuck out of the street!"
Username checks out
They're not a dumb fuck for not considering your weak stomach, little bitch.
Hell yeah
No, it's a line from Kill Bill
I feel like most people somehow didn't even notice that he didn't inhale
Or cum residue from the last time you came. They say "pee after sex" to help prevent UTIs but it also helps prevent that too.
Does the distinction really matter? They all suck equally.
Nothing worth listening to
It glides as softly as a cloud!
Of course they park like an asshole too. That's probably the smallest car in the lot and yet they couldn't even get it inside the lines.
I feel attacked
Right? It's painfully common for people to bitch about a lack of quality content without providing any themselves.
Shut the fuck up, you anti-vax dipshit
Same, especially when people censor *themselves*, like what is the point!? It doesn't hide the fact that you're swearing, just say it fully or not at all. Censoring of any kind should be illegal.
Does anyone actually get in legal trouble for it though? I've never heard of that happening in modern US society.
It has opioid properties but to a muuuuch more mild degree than any pharmaceutical opioid or heroin. I've tried it myself and it's not even as strong as opium. At lower doses it can have slightly stimulating effects, but the opiate effects become stronger the higher the dose. It is typically sold in powder form and can be brewed as a tea or just mixed in water and drank. It tastes absolutely disgusting, so a lot of people will put it into gel caps and eat those.
People said the same thing about cell phones before almost everyone had one, and before that they said the same thing about computers, and airplanes before that, etc. There are plenty of obvious practical applications for self driving cars, most notably being that they will drastically reduce traffic congestion and traffic fatalities. The technology is constantly getting better, and at this point it's not a matter of "if" they will become the norm but "when" they will become the norm.
Dude shut up. I bet that you don't know where *every* dollar you spend ends up, and if you're not at least trying to know by doing a thorough check on where a company spends their profits before giving them your money then you're a hypocrite.
Rumor has it that there are recorded voice lines Farley did in early development. They're probably locked away somewhere but may be leaked some day.
Well saying it aloud sounds like "kind of" so most ppl probably assumed that's what you were saying. From now on just know that it's "kind of" and that "kind've" is utter nonsense.
It's frustrating as hell that he *still* tried to blame her for a moment after she said it was on camera before walking away.
&gt;ecstasy simulator Well, it's clear that you have no idea what you're talking about
I'm pretty sure it's a felony to downvote Futurama references
PLUSH RUSH
Probably the same number as his 401k figure
Just look at the goofy ass way he [stands](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1200/1*6-MPRi55oBECO6mrZEQfAg.png)
Mmm, flavor
Pretty cool but the perspective is really off
Don't link to subreddits that don't actually exist
Most obese people I've seen don't stand like they're about to tip over
&gt; it's just the skin filled with more poop Just like me
The roof of the building on the right seems empty, there should be vents/pipes/AC units etc.
This photo has a nostalgic vibe that takes me back to my childhood days playing Simcity 3000 Unlimited and Simcity 4, I love it!
Well you were rude yourself in your response to a comment that had absolutely no animosity in it whatsoever. Someone asserts that one can wear whatever they want and for some (probably shitty/sexist) reason you disagree and just said "fuck you"? Why?
Especially when there are two lanes to cross and only one of them is being held up by a moron trying to be nice.
Fat Mac
If you can't afford bare minimum maintenance on a car, then you can't afford the car.
I recall reading that the bridge was built that way because the water is too deep to build straight across
pLeAsE dO sOMe rEsEaRcH They did, you insufferable twat, you just don't like that they still don't agree with you
Gotta love that the "expanded" photos are the same size as the previews but with a slightly clearer resolution
I saw that [brownish mandelbulb](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZ4CYBW4Gd4) that appears at 50 seconds yesterday on /r/vintagecgi
I get you're making an Always Sunny reference but it was poorly placed
We are aliens hiding in monkey skin*
My ex's cat was rapidly bi-polar, it'd be bite bite lick lick bite bite
"old" is arbitrary and relative
So small, yet is a such a deep money pit that its sheer existence is almost paradoxical
Not his anymore, he gave it to Tyler Hoover
Number 1: This isn't making light of someone's death, it's just saying someone else resembles them Number 2: When is the "right" time to make fun of a tragedy? See, when presented with that question, it should become apparent that the concept of "too soon" is arbitrary nonsense.
There are some pretty clear differences between faux leather and real leather. I'd say it's part asshole design and also part OP's dad's fault
I can't get into it unless my partner actually wants it and is into it too. They're my partner, not a human flesh light.
I don't like plain pickles, but I *love* fried pickles, and these just sound godly
Yet all of them are but a very small portion of all the stories of everyone on Earth... and Earth itself is just one of perhaps countless places filled with stories of live we cannot even fathom
At least I'm not alone in this, despite how awful it feels
Or they just don't like to mix uppers and downers
Here's a subreddit for complicated/detailed artwork like this /r/wimmelbilder
Surprised me to see Dr. Derg on there. You a fan of Tsuruda as well?
So?
I love you, Blunt Action!
Sure if you're 14 and just getting into rap and hip hop
It's a luxury that's pricey enough for most people to not deem worthy of saving for
Because it's a roast. You're not supposed to defend yourself in a roast.
"It is his love, it is his passion" "It is his fault he didn't lock the garage"
&gt; &lt;shrug&gt; payoff is these upvotes and comments? I, too, am a masochist
I would hotbox the fuck out of that
Coke too, and doesn't "fuck with heroin" but "knows" a guy who does.
&gt;without pickup utility [It's literally a pickup](https://www.ssrfanatic.com/attachments/dsc_1722-jpg.406625/)
To me it sounds like she kinda resents having kids and in a shitty way is projecting her envy of you not having kids
I love VR, but most VR games I've played had this subtle but noticeable perspective that you're in a relatively small "bubble" of space. Does this happen in Google Earth VR? I'm picturing that if it does, each time you move, the area outside the "bubble" kinda morphs into it when you move there. I'm having a hard time explaining this but I'm hoping others know what I'm talking about.
Kinda like how stop signs on certain properties are often technically not legally enforceable. My high schools resource police officer threatened my brother with a ticket for running a stop sign in the school lot, but my brother pointed out that it didn't have a note of government authentication on the back and the officer told him he was right and let him go.
I mean, it did, but I guess I can't really prove it so whatever
Hey now, I spend it on *cocaine*, not meth. Have some decorum
"upvote in comment form"
Tyre is the UK spelling
That's a lot of money to spend just to kill yourself slowly
Stop using "chemicals" as a catch-all buzzword for "harmful ingredients"
Shut up, they're both great animals and this notion that you have to pick one over the other is stupid. You can like both.
People who spell "no one" as "noone" deserve to be deported to the sun
Kinda sucks that such a great documentary filled with good content is associated with the "Ancient Aliens" title. A lot of people won't give it a chance because of that.
[The Navy's USS Nimitz Encounters](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRgoisHRmUE) is a rather compelling story, and there are a lot more than that. The idea of UFOs is becoming less of a kooky theory and more of a serious phenomenon. There are 2 documentaries that are very well done and professional in tone, utilizing dozens of reports and eye witness accounts from credible figures - ["I Know What I Saw"](https://youtu.be/7cFA4LenjI4) and ["UFOs and Nukes"](https://youtu.be/C5mk4ZjW68E) (the description for the 2nd link includes several links to declassified documents and archived government UFO reports from various countries) I find UFOs and Nukes to be particularly interesting because it pertains to documented accounts from nuclear missile sites of UFOs showing up around the sites and seeming to cause the missles/facility instruments to malfunction or disable. When you look beyond the surface of the UFO conspiracy, you see that there is an astonishing wealth of information, documentation, and reports that aren't easily dismissable. Yes, there are a lot of reports that can be explained conventionally, but a substantial percentage of them cannot. The universe is immense and potentially filled with life. I don't think it's too far fetched to not scoff at the idea that some of that life may be advanced enough to understand and traverse the cosmos in ways we cannot.
I loved that mushroom wall guy part, it was beautifully macabre and kinda reminded me of [cordyceps](http://i.imgur.com/glCjL.jpg)
Or god damn school busses! Fuck dem kids.
LEaRn
I genuinely believed it and was about to tell some coworkers before I saw what subreddit this was posted to
Amen, brother! I don't go anywhere without my mutated anthrax... for duck huntin'
b u b g e r
P R U G N U T
I've had a pair for a few months now and they're pretty good. Only issues I have is occasionally they don't automatically turn on and/or connect to my phone when taken out of their charging case but otherwise they are pretty solid. Sound quality is good for the price point and they have a decent lifespan before needing to be recharged.
I almost got an 18 before getting my 17. They were both at the same dealership, but the 18 was snagged just hours after I messaged the dealership expressing interest in it. I love my 17, but man, the facelift they did for 18+ is sooo clean.
Interiors changed a lot too! The dash got a redesign in [2016](https://enrg.io/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/interior-mazda_6.jpg), and then steering wheel in [2017](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/n9w2bjUIC7A/maxresdefault.jpg) before the current interior started in 2018.
Glad to read that douchebag is an ex
"upvote in comment form"
Because it doesn't make a difference
Yes
Not as insane as [this](https://i.redd.it/cw6rqlwsbp921.jpg)
Yep, and a lot of the cars were in such shitty condition to begin with, the show just bought a similar model and customized that one. The whole thing was insanely scripted too, the owners always knew what was going on and had to fake their surprise at the end.
You can make it yourself! The mimosa hostilis root bark is legally sold online and the few other ingredients used can be purchased at most hardware stores. There are several guides online, gordotek being a popular technique. /r/dmt has guidelines posted every now and then
Don't you have to eat a shit ton though?
I greatly resonate with that bird holding a slice of pizza
HUMMA KAVULAAAA
I didn't think it would be possible for someone to be *too* open minded, and yet here you are. Just... what the fuck dude?
I think the LC 500 would have fit better as the Supra
Anyone who calls this a UFO stopped watching before 1:40
Anything I can do from the downloading folder to continue the download or am I screwed and just need to clear it out?
Someone finds this artwork calming and your thought is that it might be due to aspergers? Lol wtf
Well shit, guess I have no choice if checking the cache doesn't work. My internet is shit and it took a day to get most of it downloaded, but another one won't kill me. Overall this is "first world problem" as fuck so nbd in the end.
Hoping it does, I'll do it when I get home from work
Your link shows a list of various component speakers, not just the specific set you bought
You really should, Michael Reeves is great
Hella Bob Barker vibes
I've been saying "two buck chug" this whole time and now I feel like a fool
Ah, the ol' Reddit Something or Other idk I didn't watch the film
Hydration is so important when drinking! I tell people that doing so can prevent a hangover because hangovers are mostly just dehydration but they never listen 🙄 I used to drink a lot, and throwing up meant my night was over. I was never the type to throw up and go back to partying like so many do, so I got good at knowing when I was at my limit and would start chugging water. Never got sick after that.
How about just looking up their number and calling to ask? Or, better yet, stay home because lockdowns ending doesn't mean this virus is gone.
Why would you say dumb shit that makes no sense like that?
Fuck yeah Abzu
Then you might really enjoy this [track](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rg1n_r5_svA)
God, *so* many fucking ways, you weirdo.
Cringe
A lot. I'd pay off my car and have plenty of extra $ for rent/food/fun.
That not only do extraterrestrials exist but that they have been visiting Earth, possibly for a very long time. I don't believe in the whole "lizard aliens controlling the government" conspiracy though. Personally, I believe they are either neutral and may just be curious about us, or they're benevolent and worried for the safety of the planet.
They're dumb and missing the point
I can't tell if you purposely used "could of" instead of "could have" as part of this shtick
My brother calls it "Short Man Syndrome"
Probably micropenis too
There is absolutely nothing that makes this look like actual coral, it's a CGI rendering of a 3D fractal, otherwise known as a Mandelbulb. I'm so tired of dumb people.
"upvote in comment form"
&gt; African American name Black name*
AAAAAHHH I'M COOMIN' UP TO THE
OLD STYLOOO ^^^jizz
Not inherently, imo. They *can* be, some are basically just pissing contests between people are already acclaimed, but others are a great way to make a great achievement notorious.
[Lise Meitner](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2pyRDQgVjk&amp;t=328s) is another example of this. She was the one to discover what we now know as nuclear fission, yet it was her research partner who received the Nobel Prize.
People being dumb doesn't make them smart
Bruh
[Rico Rodriguez has entered the chat]
I'M COMIN DOWN ON THE STEREO, HEAR ME ON THE RADIO
I'm aware, hence why I said "too" I was furthering the discussion
You can
It's sad to say that receiving *just* a mute is what qualifies a "lenient" mod. Most of them just ban on sight.
Really, I think the "be civil" rule is grossly arbitrary and set in place for a group that can easily set off volatile emotions. If someone makes a post and is an abhorrent asshole, it's hard to hold back from ripping them a new one... which is what people often do! Yet they aren't banned for doing so. The mods are so picky/choosy with what they deem as "uncivil" commentary.
Fucking how?? Muting is temporary and you can at least still see the content in the group, whereas banning is pure exile. That's like saying a dirty car is worse than a totaled one.
God forbid they let you use a *cat group* to mourn the loss of your cat and have others to grieve with... but ooohh no, they're just a bunch of pansies who think "sad thing bad &gt;:C"
I use both, but not at once. I alternate between them, but I think I use my left a bit more.
Hope it gets well soon
God forbid we have a bit of fun pertaining to the subject of this subreddit.
Way better looking too
Excess calories make you fat. Eat more calories than you burn and you will gain weight, no matter what food it is. Carrots would make you fat if you ate too many of them.
"I'm not a moron" \- morons
They don't have to do anything at all
Yeah, the idea of only paying $1.50 for 10 nuggets at Burger King concerns me more than it interests me. Soda is dumb cheap for restaurants too, the cost of syrup and soda water in bulk is next to nothing, they make a killing even just charging a buck for a drink. IIRC, any size drink for $1 at McDonald's was supposed to be temporary but they ended up making so much more from doing that so they just kept it that way.
&gt; asthma, obesity, immunocompromised One of these things is not like the others
PAREEE FRONSE
&gt; End of sentence. The period already does that, bud.
Anthony IS good!
Hell yeah they are, any label supporting Tsuruda gets my love. They use great artwork too.
I wish 2 pounds made that kind of difference for me lol
That's dumb, bro
/r/shittyHDR
Jiggle my crotch until it comes out enough to grab and pee. God it's weird actually typing that out.
I don't understand how reality hasn't set in for them yet and made them give up. I know people say "never give up" but for something like this, there really is a proper time to throw in the towel.
How can they say some drivel like that when the statistics prove completely otherwise? They probably drive like shit and did nothing to take care of their toyota as needed.
Yeah, Mazda engines are pretty solid otherwise
It wouldn't, those spots are plenty long enough and that's not a big truck.
Blows my mind that people can fuck up the spelling of a word so badly they end up spelling something else correctly
ES-KEEE-LAAATORSSS
What is with morons like you claiming things are photoshopped when they clearly aren't? There is no image artifacting or other indication of doctoring whatsoever. Gas pumps are designed to easily break off when pulled away, some break away towards the handle, others do at the start. Some cops in my state did the same thing a [few years ago](https://i.imgur.com/KhQjR4B.jpg).
How did you do the Android Auto hack? I have a 2017 Mazda6 Touring if that's necessary info.
He was never really into it. In a 2019 interview he said "I think there's a misconception that I'm a Scientologist. I'm not a Scientologist. I don't have any connection or affiliation with it. There was a period of time, maybe in the early 2000s, where my family recommended I get some counselling. But, beyond that, it hasn't been something I've actively pursued."
Mental illness
&gt; “car” What's with the quotes? Are you implying it's not a car?
&gt; Just sayin This expression means nothing and I don't understand why people use it
I wanted a newer manual Civic but couldn't find one in my area, and CVTs are garbage. Ended up with an auto Mazda6 but I'm very happy with it.
What's your age group? I'm 26 but love this movie even though it was before my time.
I think the guy who made those weird conspiracy images recently died
His work isn't too bad, and to me it seems like he's purposely being over the top and kinda trolling with his captions
Oops, looks like you did a license plate doodle
&gt; channel
Google machine 🅱️roke
I'll never understand why those handles were so common, they broke so easily in cold weather
than*
That's not how racism works
This girl I'm seeing has told me some guys say they like the "no makeup" look on her even though she's wearing makeup, but just a lighter amount. When she's *actually* not wearing makeup, they've asked her if she's sick.
dissociated*
I wouldn't have given them money for an "actual wedding" to begin with, especially when they're struggling to make ends meet. A wedding is not necessary to survival.
I'm so hyped for summer to be over
Women who hit can be hit back. That's how equality works. Saying to not hit women regardless of how violent they are being is actually really disrespectful and sexist towards women, despite you thinking it's the opposite.
I lost respect for my brother when he started pawning our mom's stuff to pay for his drug addiction. He was (and currently still is) living under her roof because he couldn't support himself anymore.
Like everyone else on Earth will: being crushed in a black hole at the center of a quasar.
"When you nut but she keeps suckin"
&gt; and they are too damn stupid to see that they are harming themselves. Good, the more they make themselves look like petulant douchebags, the stronger the case is to get rid of them.
Dude... do you seriously think that?
...she's a really good movie?
Does the cop kid bust the van kid for weed?
Also, just because you know how to drive doesn't mean you can handle *any* car. I've seen too many videos of people driving off the lot in a brand new Ferrari and they crash right away after trying some shit they don't know how to handle.
Real cannabis is easily identifiable, and no one "laces" drugs with other drugs. That's just a bunch of D.A.R.E. level propaganda. Just like the myth of drug dealers giving out drugs as candy on Halloween, it's fear mongering bullshit.
You don't have to worry about it at all if you just don't have kids to begin with. Why would you want to bring newborns into an overpopulated, dying world anyway?
Uh no, it wasn't. You really need to brush up on your understanding of that word, or really, the lack thereof. People like you who refuse to accept you're wrong and just get defiant in your own stance is what's actually ignorant. The irony here is palpable.
I actually like the look, the curves around it help it not look *too* out of flow, imo (I think it looks a lot better than when Mazda [first introduced screens in the 6](https://images.caricos.com/m/mazda/2014_mazda_mazda6/images/1920x1080/2014_mazda_mazda6_14_1920x1080.jpg)). A lot of interiors with integrated screens have a really bulky look around them, but I've seen bad/good examples of both styles. I kinda wish I went with a manual though, I miss having one and the pseudo manual option in the automatic just doesn't cut it.
This piece probably took OP 4 hours max
If you're under 5 ft tall
A cat named Porkchop *not* being a chonker just seems wrong
I love British insults. Calling someone a melon just won't have the same effect in the US as it does there.
Porridge*
TIL there are people under the age of 65 named Maude
Especially the pointless censorship
regardless* Irregardless isn't a word
I think it's bitter and disgusting
You should try not caring about what other people think
I'm so hyped for summer break to be over for people like you
I live in KC and it's always the same shit here too. It's *never* decent hip hop and always cookie cutter trap shit with played out lyrics like those. God forbid someone blasts some Nujabes or Dilla.
Gonna cry?
She's not a millionaire
That's a pretty convoluted way of saying you're just arrogant
How can you comment that and *not* include a pic? Come on, shark boy, let's see them chompers.
I wish my sister did that instead of filling it with religion. I don't like the path it's leading her down, and it just seems like a crutch.
"Waiting..." is good, too. I didn't go out to eat for a while after seeing that the first time.
That TruCoat tho
What's interesting is that he came to them expressing interest in being on the show.
It's not making her happy, and the harm is that she is now becoming close minded to things she was once open to.
You: learn how to link images in Reddit comments
They're "trying their best" and that's apparently all that matters
Cringe
"Show me potato salad!"
Did you try it fresh from a pricey restaurant or some cheap shit from a grocery store?
That's stupid, especially if you'll eat other meat.
Because salty and sweet is a great combination if you don't have the palate of a 6 year old.
I also have severe asthma with a 2x a day medication and rescue inhaler. Wearing a mask doesn't cause me any issues.
Wear a fucking mask, Karen
Silence, boomer
Joe's is good BBQ *and* their fries are good.
&gt; KC Joe's is to crazy to get in and out Lol what? I've never had any issues with this
90.1 is a public radio station that sometimes has DJs playing electronic music at night. I think I've heard house music being mixed a couple times on it.
It's so cowardly too. Basically admitting they're too much of a pussy to do it themselves out of fear of (well deserved) repercussion but still want it to happen. Fucking vile.
Their username certainly doesn't check out.
Meanwhile the mayor of St Louis is *literally* doxxing people who want confederate statues taken down.
You didn't need to do it to begin with, license plates are visible to the public at all times. Blocking it out is pointless.
Censoring license plates is pointless to begin with
Sasquatch isn't big enough to be a Kaiju
Krokodil is a synthetic opioid, not an amphetamine
Spare the members of /r/DougDemuro
The resolution also isn't compressed to fuck
It wants to be a Mazdaspeed 3 sooo bad but deep down it knows it could never be.
Littering and?
Good thing it's not [Kraft Punk](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ucpOQYJICYI/maxresdefault.jpg), that guy is the worst.
I've never quicked before, do you need to stop to do it?
I *hate* this job! I hate this god damn job and I don't need it!
The producer name/song title alone puts me off from wanting to listen
I cringe whenever I see rocket/jet propelled space ships in Sci-Fi which is like... almost all examples. That shit just wouldn't work for interstellar travel!
