He was sad he never got to get with Persis. I know I am.
I cannot wait for this album. I think Jarrod is super annoying, but I love Lauren (and that's Tyson Dang, right?). This is going to be a siiiiick album!
Jamaican Zombie*
Don't care much for Jarrod, but Patty seems great, and I friggin love Lauren and Tyson! I can't wait!
Fiora mains deserve every beatdown.
Who does he replace?
This is underselling Bebop, to be honest. They are pretty different shows.
Devin is Tasha Yar
NBC uses Trump and Bush's actual words? Is anything here not factual?
Did he pile on? If we're going to insist on innocent until proven guilty, then so is NDT.
If you think teaching guitar is the goal then you're not paying attention.
You hashtagged a Reddit post of a picture for something that people can pay for and aren't nominated for. You are bad at Reddit.
No, people just want to find the .01% of bad reactions and slap it on the whole league community in order to virtue signal.
You can view my post history and judge for yourself, I suppose. I try my best, but people who grandstand against some small jerk minority like they're some martyr or hero bug the bejeezus out of me.
&gt; Bigotry absolutely exists and affects people. No one disputes that &gt;Most progressives don't care about the ego shit, but about improve the world and lives of others. Most progressives don't virtue signal. The ones that do bug the hell out of me. That's exactly what I'm talking about. Take an incident and paint a community as bad people so that you can slam it down as the trump card when virtue signaling in the future.
1, I don't believe you. Please source that claim. 2, I'm pretty sure Melisandre has the equivalent of gunpowder since she has powders to make fires dance very, very high. 3, they may not even need it. There are pyromancers/people who can manipulate fire already in the known world, who's to say that eventually they figure out how to make combustion chambers in weapons and other inventions?
Did they? Why didn't they reference their earlier meeting?
I love this. This is ostensibly an exhibition, and they're both getting after it.
They say you were created to do great things but words only come to life when you believe. Stop blending in; start speaking out. Don't miss your opportunities! --Memphis May Fire, Legacy
To be honest, that was my introduction to Battlestar. I wouldn't even know about were it not for Dwight
They say you were created to do great things but words only come to life when you believe. Stop blending in; start speaking out. Don't miss your opportunities! --Memphis May Fire, Legacy
Asking show questions opens up a whole can of bad timeline, bad writing worms.
source?
James Harden's ppg goes down by 10
If you think that's normally called in the end of the game, you don't watch much NBA. Whether it should or shouldn't be called is another question, but it typically isn't. That's why there's reaction.
SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UUUHHHHHHPPPP!!!
Greatest of this generation? Maybe. But come on, he doesn't come close to Phil..
Culture.
This is the part that baffles me. What stand?? Who thinks domestic violence is good?
real time game bugs, I get like with Starcraft or even HotS. But a turn-based game?! There can't truly be that many variables to test.
I'd put forth Agents of Shield, but I wouldn't fight you too hard on it. edit: downvote not discussion. Shows the mentality of the fanbase. Got it.
He's a dumbass flat earther. His age is quickly approaching his IQ.
Get out of your echo chamber and go do the things you want to do and be the things you want to be. The world is not that negative when you go outside and talk to people.
Source?
Nobody has answered your insulting question, so maybe you are the one that is new.
easy there, Veigar.
Height supremacist
I say this as a reasonably accomplished amateur musician: The level of concentration it takes to have one side go high to low and the other side low to high and play them in coordination is mind boggling.
Really? One blue ray makes sense, but does it fit on one dvd?
Doesn't matter. It's the same ratio.
Oh you sweet, summer child. --ASOIAF book readers.
Oh come on, You can't tell me the combat isn't vastly improved in ME2. There characters are much better fleshed out and the interrupt feature is really cool. ME2 is one of the greatest games ever.
This needs to be higher. Exposing fallacies or incorrect economics is one thing, but being mean just because "the other side was mean" is ineffective.
This does not take into account crimes prevented by simply having a gun present in the situation. To be fair, that does not seem like an easy number to estimate. Also, you don't get to legally redefine what self-defense means. That is the biggest problem I have with that article.
I am an absolute sucker for voices like his, Thrice, Hands Like Houses, Vespera (kinda), et al. Do you guys know of any others like that?
Okay if you can listen to this and not smile then I have no desire to ever meet you. This was awesome!
That is the response of an ineffective coward. Don't make a promise if you can't keep it when you control the house and senate. Keep your word or you're still a part of the swamp.
This is the wokest nomination list in the history of the golden globes.
[murder mitten](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToG-BeGMfDk)
If it's rated slightly higher than Black Panther, it will be slightly better than "pretty good". BP wasn't even the best Marvel movie this year...
Led the league in hits, doubles, RBI, batting average, total bases...but east coast bias gonna cooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooors.
Other than Wright, by what metric or measure were any of those guys better than Holliday that year?
Exactly. Dick move? Maybe. But fuck cops who pull people over just because they didn't like what the driver did legally.
Please cite the law that was broken
They didn't crash. The cop didn't have to slam on his or her brakes. They went from 20 mph to 15 it would appear. That's not worthy of pulling somebody over.
That's vague.
I don't think anyone disputes it was a bad move. But was it illegal?
Not one person is disputing it was a dick move. Or at least I'm not. I'm saying the cop overstepped his authority and pulled a person over without legal cause.
Ooh, I can play this game to: what you're saying is "I have to control everybody at all times even when there is no harm done" Stop thinking you're better than everybody else. Let people live.
no, because a driveby shooter would have broken the law. What law did the drive break? If you can't do that, then you need to let go of your need to control other people who are breaking no laws and harming no humans.
That's the third saddest thing I've heard all day.
Nope. Only "COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORS"
I don't think you quite understand the goal of having armed staff on the premises. The goal would be protection of a room, not hunting down the shooter.
I think they're fascinating. People feel how the feel. The reasons why are varied and interesting. Why do you think they're sour grapes?
That's usually how it works in the U.S.: Ms. = single. Mrs. = married.
Interesting. I've always thought Ms. was an abbreviations for Miss. TIL. Thank you, stranger!
There's only one beet?
Why would a guy rich enough to invest in a ranch be sleeping outside like a hobo?
I think people are missing her point altogether. It's not that he lied, it's that he carried on so convincingly after the lie that there's no way for her to know that anything he does is genuine.
&gt;People lie every day in relationships that are actually really strong. I am quite sad for you if you think that's reality and what strong relationship look like.
Ah, gotcha. The issue isn't that Colt lied, it's that he was able to be "so good at it" (in Abby's words) that she had no idea. She can no longer really believe that anything is genuine from Colt.
I don't think she realized the depth of his capacity to deceive. That's a startling thing to learn. I'm not defending, I'm a "till death do you part" and even "stay together for the kids" person. I'm just saying the hated on Abby train needs to chill in this sub.
I think this is the best mindset. I don't think either side should judge the other for choosing to or choosing not to listen to AILD because of Tim. I won't listen any longer, but I totally get the people that say "he did his time."
"descent"....dude, if you're gonna mock somebody's spelling, you at least have to have your sentence right. Edit: I misread. I'm stupid
My point had literally nothing to do with what Tim did. If you can't support him in good conscience, that's cool. If you say "he did his time, we should forgive him", then that's cool too. Demonizing the other side is unproductive.
Okay, here's where we disagree. Lots of people go through terrible things. Not that many hire a hitman to kill their wife. You're wrong here, sir/madam. I don't care about the context. Sometimes life sucks, but you don't murder.
Maybe, but if that's the case, let's have a vote to remove it, yeah? Let's stop giving too much power to these few people.
Although the Starbuck and Admiral Adama is my favorite relationship on the show, the evolution of Starbuck/Tigh is outstanding! The evolution from unabashed hatred of each other to the love between them starting at New Caprica is enjoyable to watch.
Do you think...do you think they should give stuff away for free?
If you work hard, do things the right way, and try your best, it will pay off for you in the long run.
What does this scene have to do with sexual misconduct? Very apt about the corruption. Maybe the federal government should just go away.
Isn't that how home runs work? Or am I missing a joke?
The entirety of Valerian and City of a Thousand Planets
This should be higher. That fellow was as patient as anybody I've ever seen at the airport.
Oh. Maybe you should watch again because it did make sense.
She's literally a movie star in big studio movies and has literally billions of plays on spotify. Is this sarcasm or are you stupid?
Somewhere, Kyle Clark is yelling at you.
OP didn't really define "friendly" to be fair. I know a bunch of churches where everybody is welcome.
I'm just watching Modern Family through for the first time. She looks very different now and I can't quite place it. Is it just the glasses?
I've been on that off and on as well. It probably doesn't do that to my face because I weigh twice what she does. But thank you for the explanation, I'd not heard of that before! edit: spelling
He is definitely not conservative. He's a classical liberal.
This is literally the opposite of what he's said on numerous occasions. Personal beliefs =/= political ones. He's long been an advocate for the government not being able to tell who people can and can't marry. Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rQ_mphb7HU
Accurate comment.
Does it? It's sort of an "unvitation" type thing. He knows they'll say no, so they asked so they could say they ask.
&gt; when you get drugged test came back negative.
If our opening day starter is Valaika, I will vomit with disgust.
Doing some no handed cartwheels!
Parra is already out.
I'd also like to see her topless.
Also, It was a fight to the death that he agreed to.
Where in the US is birth control not easily accessible?
If you can't convince your partner to wear one, don't do it. Take some personal responsibility.
Did they really play that Papa Roach song in the movie?
https://www.amazon.com/Trojan-Ultra-Thin-Lubricated-Condoms/dp/B0073RBUZ2/ref=sr_1_1_a_it?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1544562594&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=condoms There you go. $14.00 U.S. It's accessible. They just need to take some personal responsibility.
Link your source. And if that number is per year, then it's less than 1%. Source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/the-big-number38-million-babies-were-born-in-the-us-last-year-thats-a-drop/2018/05/25/ce96af5a-5f6f-11e8-a4a4-c070ef53f315_story.html?utm_term=.0cdf21166c87 You are simply plopping down a bunch of red herrings. Take some personal responsibility.
Condoms are 98% effective. You are no longer going to be replied to because you're simply using lots of argumentative fallacies.
If you're choosing between condoms and lunch and dinner, then you REALLY should know better than to have a kid.
Revolver misfiring/malfunctions are exceptionally rare.
Perhaps the most Trek in concept, but absolutely horrendous execution.
This is the worst kind of virtue signalling. You're responding to Youtube comments?! Also...username bro?
original raider and base star, I believe.
That works too I suppose. Gentle Ian was an all star at CF in Texas, though.
I'm pretty sure you could guess before this.
Malcolm agrees.
I like the part where he prays to Farscape's leviathan's private parts. A coochie Moya!
Please don't say you mean AOC...her gaffes are quickly stacking up. Disagree with Cruz, call him a bad name if you want, but he's definitely a smart dude.
You can disagree with a person without calling them names.
No, you just disagree with them. If you actually have the answers and the secret to American life, then you should be running for office.
Exactly. Toby Flenderson has nothing on ol Teddy.
Name one and prove it. The fact that you think your side is objectively right is exactly why we have such a divide in this country. Rational people can disagree. If you can't see that, then you are the type of person that got Trump elected. Congratulations, you played yourself.
was it tie dye doo doo?
What kind of savage does otherwise?
Don't ever, for any reason, do anything, to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what, no matter where, or who, or who you are with, or where you are going, or where you've been, ever, for any reason whatsoever.
He's not in jail. Netflix is just hedging. There's literally nothing wrong with that. There also would have been nothing wrong with keeping him until proven guilty.
I have thoroughly enjoyed [this podcast](https://open.spotify.com/show/46EJbjrajTKxURqOBPw31G?si=24RZDzowTKuldxehiAji4g) where they are reviewing each episode with one fellow not having watched anything beyond the episode they are covering, the other having watched all of them.
If they included college, the vendors surrounding Folsom Field are pretty horrendous as well. And if you want to understand what my hell would be like, walk through the field house at half time.
The [cup]cake is a lie
Yeah they're able to sell beer elsewhere. It's still an actual nightmare.
His highlights are fun to watch. A complete game is a chore.
Please defend the assertion that they're threatening people by existing.
This is accurate. People who are looking to join groups like this are aided by articles like this. They don't care how they are painted.
How? Are they passing legislation? Changing laws? Are they breaking laws?
Because they don't matter. They have no power. As long as they're not doing anything illegal, they'll remain in obscurity. This article is probably a decent recruiting tool for them.
Yeah, but you use the tactic of painting somebody into a racist/white supremacist corner. That's lazy. I'm doing the exact opposite of that. And if you actually read what I wrote instead of being lazy you could see that. I'm against this group too. We're just having a discussion on how best to deal with these scumbags. You just see nazis in every shadow. That's lazy. If they're doing nothing illegal, then they get to claim "persecution" status because these people are "after them." We're after the same thing, but you'd rather cry white supremacist and just say "exposing racism is not bad" than actually have the discussion. That's lazy.
Nowhere did I say they're not nazis. You're deliberately misunderstanding me. We're done here.
This is the best answer.
I've played through the game 30+ times. I think he was one of the last romances I hadn't done in me3
The answer is simple: if they thought there was a market for it, they would. Edit: am I wrong? Instead of downvoting, show me how I'm wrong. It's basic economics.
That's nooooobody's business but the Tuuuuurks
There is only one Timelord and his name is Genja.
The sandsnakes are okay, but Dorne is infinitely better in the books.
Have.... Have you not seen Dexter?
I want this to be FemShep
I don't think they hated the ending of the story, they just hated how it was done.
"Use plunging attack"
"It's not enough to survive. One must be worthy of survival."
It will always baffle me that people don't like him.
You should learn the basics of anything you want to do well. But honestly, no. If you have natural rhythm and slight capacity to hear if a thing is out of tune, you can write a beat on most hip hop tracks.
Is there asub for just screen shots? I have a bunch I use as desktops for my computer and would love to see other people's shots.
That's an insult to ticks.
Why? Those characters are all in the other games.
How are your DVDs arranged?
This needs to be higher. This is literally clickbait we all fell for. That's why they write it.
I posted [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/denvernuggets/comments/a5uvcz/ten_big_nba_trades_wed_like_to_see_nuggets) two days ago.
I have schadenfreude for people badmouthing ESPN, so I'm definitely okay with it.
It's a turn of phrase designed to say he did it most and made it famous.
Oh. I was looking on mobile before. I didn't see went alphabetically by blu ray then alphabetically by dvd. My bad!
And the shoes?
replica of what? I do not recall this dress.
Nice. I didn't remember that.
Where do those rams come from in War of the Five armies?????
Uh they made some decent, impactful move: Grubauer and Ian Cole have been very, very impactful.
"hilarious meat sack" is my new favorite phrase.
Ginobli is Argentinian. Is that not Latino? Or am I missing something?
"No matter who you are, no matter what you do, there's always an Asian somewhere doing it better than you." It's my second highest, but it's better than: Technically, he Lucy'd her and SHE Charlie Brown'd.
Serpentine, Babu!!!
not with that attitude.
Is there a sub for origins of copypastas?
All cultures are equal and should be celebrated
Wow!
"there's nothing about it intrinsically that makes it a 'men only' sport" "men and women can have separate leagues" I don't follow your logic.
https://www.reddit.com/r/howyoudoin/comments/a6fxs2/thats_my_story/?st=jptz0bem&amp;sh=1575d6de 3 days.
There's literally a law on the books that says women can't have their own league?
Those aren't laws in America.
The people that grab your hand before you can make proper handshake contact and they shake your fingers leaving you feeling like a child.
Exactly. It's one thing to, uh, call simultaneous possession and blow a call. It's another to try to illegally, retroactively go back and try to cover up your mistake.
Um....okay. My point still stands. Host that on a trusted site.
This so much. I've played through the OT 3 dozen times or so and still find stuff I haven't seen before!
If you like this video at all, I recommend Rowan's channel. He is quite entertaining. You won't agree with all of his opinions and that's half the fun.
Self defeces?
Ron and Tammy 1? Ron and Tammy 2? Tom and Tammy 2? Perd and Ann? Juan Calamezzo and Tom? Tom and Jean-Ralphio?
Did I misspell something?
This movie should not receive any awards.
Not looking to either side and just walking across the parking lot without giving acknowledgement to the drivers that just didn't run you over even though you weren't paying attention and just started walking.
But do you have a source? Otherwise that just sounds like a rumor to me.
It's from the song
Continuity errors are not easter eggs.
Enlighten me.
I had a longer response, but it's easier to just call you condescending and move on. I suppose this movie was for you. edit: Using "juxtaposition" SIX times in one reddit post does not make you smart.
"Feel less threatened." You are the definition of snooty. I'd bet money you are either in college or live in Boulder, Seattle, Portland, or Boise
Who argues against that? How is that controversial?
He broke an agreed upon set of rules established by the CBA. He screwed up, not the NFL. He is (hopefully) taking some personal responsibility. That doesn't absolve him from consequences.
That's fine, but that's not what drug addiction is.
The NFL has a bunch of dumb rules. Their discipline policy is terrible. But that's not what I was replying to. The NFL isn't "cracking down", he broke a rule that is REALLY easy to follow. The balance of forgiveness and discipline is not difficult when it comes to a business setting. I hope he gets better, but you don't get to skip out on consequences when you broke the rules that you agreed to.
Exactly. I am pretty big into esports and I'd never heard of him--but to be fair I'm not huge into CS:GO.
So does your lack of spacing in "a lot"
I stand corrected.
I forget: why is she the only one still in her normal monochromatic (albeit smoking hot) outfit?
Two things can be true at once: racism is bad. I hated his style of play. The constant rush to judgment without contributing to the conversation makes this shit old.
whose? mine?
Why are you the way you are?
I say this as a complete skeptic: why? The only thing apple I keep around is the ipod classic.
While I recognize your right to chronicle and then post all this information. I also recognize my right to judge you a little.
Roy put on some weight after getting fired from Dunder Mifflin.
If the government is responsible for your happiness, you've already messed up. To your last paragraph, the most often used things in our daily lives were not invented by the government.
There's not a convincing amount of data in that article. It didn't list how often and for how long these power surpluses last. It doesn't list the percentages of where the power comes from.
Everything's a dildo if you're brave enough.
[reference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_jchY3djrI)
reminded of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAHZPU608II)
It's not possible you don't understand why he's not in the show. You night not agree, but you understand.
then what is the percentage of [group x] that has to say a thing isn't offensive before it's okay? That argument doesn't hold water.
by adding double consonants to his name?
Gotti and Vox Lux were this year's quintessential "this reminds me of a sophomore in a film class" trying to cram as much /r/im14andthisisdeep material as possible into a movie.
What is this referencing?
What do those things stand for?
Vox "skews" left. Wut.
The expansion pack: "What does he do???!!!"
Mobile gamers aren't gamers.
I asked this on the /r/television , but how do people feel about Agents of Shield? It's scifi and, to me, the best show on Network TV.
Classic Virgil.
Did you respond to the wrong comment?
I've seen "childish writing" a few times now. Can you provide an example?
I'm Commander Shepard, and I'm pretty sure this could be on The Citadel.
Probably accurate. Equally accurate and balanced.
Why do a timelapse and then have jumps in the video? That's not satisfying at all.
It's insane that IAS is still going 3 years after Parks and Rec in spite of starting 4 years before it.
It started out rough, for sure. But once they got going, it's currently at a 94% on RT, 7.5 on imdb (with nearly all the last 3 seasons being 8.5 or above).
put another way, "My side doesn't lie, the other side does" --both sides
When you say photocopy machine, what do you mean?
Sure, if you want to be in the corner ducking down because you're about to hit your head on the roof, you can pay $40/person, pay for parking, and then either go hungry or eat literally the top-5-most-health-code-violations food
Sure, your ski boots can eventually be comfortable. Until you have to move, wiggle your toe, stretch your ankle out, or do anything most humans do on a flight.
A lot of jazz cats are blind. But they can play the piano like nobody's business. I'd like to put the piano in front of Pam, without her glasses, and see what happens. I'd also like to see her topless.
B...as in butthole. and M as in Mancy! .......................WHAT?!?!
heart disease, probably
That's not a real strategy, but thanks...
Isn't it the best?
Watching on mobile. This looked like another step back step back. I counted 4 steps. Am I missing something?
Wow. Clearly you nailed the point of this post.
Has anybody seen this movie? Is it as bad as I've heard?
I have 3 year old nieces and understand this reference.
Like Radiohead
We thought we knew tragedy and surprise and loss with [AGOT] &gt;!Ned!&lt; We were all sweet, summer children once.
&gt; You can find a ton of guys who play the position very well defensively and can be “competent” with the bat once every blue moon. *Cries in Rockies
Background acting is not an Easter egg.
Yeah this map doesn't make sense. The AFC West really, really hates each other. I live in Denver and they loathe the raiders, chiefs, and Philip Rivers.
This literally isn't the size you advertised.
Incorrect. The world building was incredible. The visuals were incredible. EVERYTHING else after that--story, acting, writing, direction, Rihanna (completely pointless), acting, casting, and finally, the acting--were beyond terrible. And I am a huge Luc Besson fan and wanted to like this movie
You have to be a troll, right? Nobody's this dumb.
Vox Lux. It was the most contrived pile of hot garbage I've seen. Every freshman film class student trying to be edgy collaborated to make that travesty of a movie.
I enjoyed reading this. Well said. Edit: what a weird downvote for saying someone did a good job.
This is definitely a severely underwatched movie. It's just a great, fun, and well-acted fantasy/action flick. Insane Matthew McConaughey is the best!
Where's Ja!??!
All of the things in the article (threats, call to action) are already illegal.
If you think acdc sounds like led Zeppelin, you have no actual use for any music subreddit, as all music sounds the same to you anyways.
I think the tone from non-liberals that I get is more giggling laughing than anger.
Yeah, you know, that war on drugs will eliminate drugs any day now.
There are 400 million-ish guns in the US. Outright banning guns just flat out won't work.
I didn't say that. But keep thinking your regurgitation of bumper sticker politics is clever.
You got it buddy. We're pathetic. And yet people are dying to get into my country. How about yours?
What does tank singed bring that another tank with more utility doesn't?
How convenient that her values didn't change until after she was done with the show.
When did they change? Oh yeah, after she was done filming in the place that conflicts with her new values.
So in other words, their values are for sale.
It's bizarre that you would just pull an explanation right out of your butt and pass it off as true.
God damnit Leroy!
That is the line that cracks me up every time I watch it. His delivery is so perfect!
speciests
Why they changed it I can't say
I would like to invoke recency bias. Yes, yes they are.
"educated"
Why is nobody invoking sample size? I want him to succeed, but I also don't want 25 games to have buddy starting him over Tapia later on when he's regressed to the mean simply because "he could turn back into May Desmond"
Sample size. Regression to the mean. I doubt he keeps this pace up. Congrats on a great month.
Which universe?
There is a phrase we can't say that gives the reason. Edit: I'm right, why are you booing me?
Citation needed. You still see this every day.
Oddly enough, emersion is almost there opposite of immersion. The more you know...
But if you say racism is less than before, you're labeled as not being woke enough.
She got FAR more hate from the SJW crowd...
I feel like this isn't an obscure or difficult rule (the goofy bullshit that happened in the playoffs a few years ago notwithstanding). How is it that so many people don't know that there have to be runners on at least 1st and 2nd?
That guy is such a goofball but this is so funny!
Are you using those two as examples or comparisons?
He'd fit right in then
any woman with a soul is leagues above him.
They don't. They want Fame and a little bit of Fortune. They went trolling for trouble and it worked.
Yours isn't the dumbest comment I've read today but you better hope the other guy doesn't delete his.
"I'm used to logic being censored"? Holy buckets you are a self important ass.
I need a link. What was the original scene supposed to be? What did Jennifer actually expect when walking out to the hallway in the middle of an episode based on pranks? I can't believe how many times this has been reposted and nobody's been able to prove it.
That takes some serious onions to go for this song. Well done!
I've had surgery to reduce the size of my penis.
Smoking is nasty, let's go ahead and get that out there, but I reject the notion that it's the government's job to police our health habits. How "effective" this is shouldn't matter. If they're adults, they should be able to do what they want.
label things correctly, please
If you got the singer from Game of Thrones to play at the event, he'd be Merillion at the Cotillion in the Nathan Fillion Civilian Pavilion.
It's /r/Denver . It's 95% left here
Battlestar Galactica: The Complete Series [Blu-ray] [Region-Free] https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0027UY8B8/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_5UP.CbSA9SHYW 50 bucks. It's so very worth it
Do you know what overtly means? "It's literally [openly] explained over and over again that Minnesota is where he's from" Yes, that was the obvious, obvious joke. It's not a tv detail
Alright friends, I've tried a few times to get into it, but I get 5 minutes into the first episode and the CGI was just awful. I WANT to like this show. What's something I should look forward to in the first season that will help me get past the absurd get ups and terrible CGI?
Fair enough, thank you
What're YOU doing in Canada?
*Laughs in book Dorne*
He has chosen to score some stinkers lately. Totally unfortunate because he's my favorite living composer.
Maybe. Books are always better, but the show is best sci-fi since BSG. It shouldn't be discounted because it's an adaptation
Never seeing Chef in Star Trek: Enterprise
"sportsball" *shudder* nobody who isn't incredibly condescending uses that term
Keep trying. I have friends that are fairly sci-fi averse and I've convinced them to start, at least. The best thing you can have going for you is knowing your audience. Do they like action? Describe the space battles, intense standoffs, and intense moments. Like world building? We've got that in spades. Like amazing side characters? Amos. Fucking. Burton. Like to look at hotties? Amos. Fucking. Burton. I got off track there but you get my point.
While great, it certainly isn't a crossover hit...yet.
You mean...like Game of Thrones?
The actor who played Callie deserved what her character got. Edit: those downvoting, Google her.
I was huge into fantasy football when that show came out, and the fantasy football parts were insufferable. If they would have played a more minor role, the show might have done better.
Have you ever had your heart broken by somebody you wanted dead? That scene confirmed Lena being one of my all time favorite actresses. Everybody should watch Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles for her acting/monologues alone. They are beautiful!
Source?
You know what it's called.
He was just a product of Coors, amirite?
Wes isn't. Wil is.
Two things can be true at the same time. Nb3 was a jerk, and nubrac griefed. There's no way I'd ever want that in my game.
So in other words, a private organization hires private security. Am I missing something?
He was griefing. Nightblue was a jerk. Both can be true at the same time.
Yes, but also no. You're doing like what astrology blurbs in the newspaper do: make things general enough so that they apply to a lot of things. At a 10,000 foot level, sure, they're similar. But there shows were very, very different.
If they sought and were granted asylum here in Denver then they have nothing to worry about.
There are plenty of cases where armed people stop bad things from happening.
When did it happen? And did they do everything they could to help them? Post your source, please
He was sent to the hospital. If the doctors missed a bigger infection, that's on them. What more would you like to have happened in that case other than the doctor's catching the infection? "After an agent noticed Felipe coughing, father and son were taken to an Alamogordo hospital, where Felipe was found to have a 103-degree fever (39.4 degrees Celsius), officials have said." Seriously, what more could you ask the agents to do? Even after getting sick again, he was admitted to the hospital. Seems like they did all that could be done.
That list has no context, but okay. I mean I'm guessing that ICE didn't give the people that died from AIDS, AIDS. Here's the article linked by somebody else: https://www.foxnews.com/us/2nd-child-dead-in-us-custody-mourned-in-guatemala-village "After an agent noticed Felipe coughing, father and son were taken to an Alamogordo hospital, where Felipe was found to have a 103-degree fever (39.4 degrees Celsius), officials have said." What more could ICE have done in this situation? They took the kid to the hospital. Twice.
You brought up a specific example. Be specific in what more they could have done in that specific situation. Otherwise you're just spewing platitudes.
Going for a kiss is far different from using a phrase "forced himself". Choose your words better and never ever leave your safe space
The Unnatural. I grew up in a baseball family. That show explains love for baseball as good as any show ever has.
I just hate...everything.
It's sad because it's true...
We're chill because we're Colorado and it's 4:20 somewhere...
I suppose it's hypothetical, but do you really think she was the draw? Do you think if they got someone who could sing better it wouldn't have done as well?
Isn't this equivalent to like 100 bucks for that guy?
Ask the wee baby Seamus
Pretty sure we do
They're going to do a gender flip a la Ghostbusters and Oceans, aren't they?
She's obviously wrong, but I like that she's willing to back it up. Bbwaa could certainly take some cues from her.
Just for fun and because it's my nature, I'll offer a counter argument. Everybody needs their gateway drug to the music they'll come to love. If people can come to love Paramore and establish that they can like heavier-than-pop, female-fronted actual bands, then they can make that next step to liking Lacuna Coil or Halestorm or harder rock and then make a few more steps and eventually become one of us.
Literally unwatchable?
I'm one of those people. I have tried a half dozen times to get started on B5, but the graphics/animation are embarrassingly bad. It is baffling to me that Star Trek or Farscape came out in the same decade and looks like freaking End Game compared to B5's awful graphics. It's hard to take seriously. I will try again soon, but I make no promises.
The market cannot regulate itself when it's HEAVILY regulated by the government, though--especially in banking.
It could even be a boat!
Does this site even load in mobile?
So they're signalling something?
The contrast from her character to her is startling. She full on looks the part in the show and she looks downright sweet as Cas in real life
This kinda feels like /r/imaginarysliceoflife material.
Not any Miyazaki film I've seen.
Definitely sounds like Midge
MichaelScottThankYou.gif
Let us assume for just a second that it was true. Wouldn't you want your friends to tell you that? That's what they believe to be true. It's coming from a great place. Yeah it may be annoying, but that's living life with humans.
He was also the worst actor in a series that included a future porn star
They're two private organizations.
He's a shock jock and reddit picks and chooses which ones are acceptable
I genuinely thought they were called leading questions until today. I have now been educated.
The Mariner Valley was settled largely by Texans and Asians. Hence, Alex appearing Indian but having a Texan drawl.
Are we not going to talk about how there's a real person named Ellis Trespalicious?
I'm all for saving the mother's life, but how can you make a scientific argument that the fetus/baby is not a life at that point? If it's a life, it's worth protecting imo.
Reddit gets to pick and choose which redemption stories are acceptable.
Packers fan through and through, but these posts bug the shit out of me. Who cares?! Let our play on the field do the talking.
Isn't that kind of why he got elected? Because he wasn't one? "An actual politician" isn't the compliment you think it is.
Ask /u/dustlesswalnut . Reading isn't a requirement for this sub. Just rip off the next clever quip, eh?
Okay, so it doesn't become a separate life until birth? That's not scientific, but at least you finally have a rationale. I just disagree with you.
A 1 year old cannot support itself. So literally the difference between a kidney and a separate human being is the vaginal canal? But I see what you're doing. I know you're trolling because you're selective in what your emphasizing and feigning snark.
Don't tell The Fan. They might accidentally cover Nicholas Jokovic.
Dana Scully raises her hand
Thanks JK Rowling
Her and LaPlante (Spirit Box) are definitely my favorites!
It must be exhausting to be you.
What's a personnel day? Are we hiring?
Please cite statistics when you make assertions like this.
You know the old adage: better to be judged by twelve than carried by six. You're correct, but she did what she had to do to get her people home.
Hard disagree. Only once in the entire series was he willing to be a present father and he took a job as a janitor at Shawn's school. He neither provided for not was present for Shawn's youth. Alan Matthews was more of a father than Chet ever was.
He no longer has the grilled cheese in his pocket
You can like them while acknowledging the objective flaws in scriptwriting and storytelling.
I don't follow your logic. What do you mean?
That's not terribly helpful and frankly lazy
Winston Duarte
whose main audience is /r/im14andthisisdeep
He agrees. He thinks the government shouldn't be allowed to tell you who you can and cannot marry. Stop swallowing the garbage media matters puts out. You'll be better for it. But, it's a circle jerk on Reddit to make fun of Shapiro, so I'll eat my downvotes and move on.
What garbage is that?
Oh. Well at least your knowledgeable and specific in your answers.
I don't understand how anybody likes that guy. Did you see his HoF ballot? Complete garbage
I know what you are aiming for, but Rebecca Black, as cringy as her first song was, has a pretty great voice.
Why would you not pick music that matches up with the dribbling?
Yeah, that's why the conservatives were really down on Gervais and Chapelle /s
Exactly this. How do people not understand that our health care system hasn't been a free market for quite some time. The government is what helped create this problem.
Let's be real. That's on you. Why are you, a fan of more than one sport, listening to #theresneveranoffseason ?
Wait, are you advocating for personal responsibility? Is that allowed on this sub?
So we're okay with these protests not social distancing?
This movie gets a lot of flak, but I enjoy the hell out of it
at low resolution, it looked like Bortis from The Orville at first
What changes would you make to cure institutionalized racism?
A lot of this reminds me just how unexciting Joe Buck is
Those are all currently illegal. What do you have that is currently showing that we're a white supremacy nation? Edit: Instead of downvoting, it should be easy to point to the law, regulation, or legislation that currently shows we're a white supremacist nation. You guys dont' want the conversation, you just want to be mad.
Not at all. There are echoes of those days that hurt minority communities still. But I can't change the past. Point to the laws that I can help you change that show that we're a white supremacist country
Don't you dare besmirch the name of Colonel Saul Tigh. Tigh is loyal to a fault. Never ever disagrees with the commander in public. He willingly risked life and limb (and eye) to simply create enough panic among the cylons all while never doubting for a second that the old man would come back for them. He's as damaged personally as it gets, but you couldn't ask for a finer officer or XO.
You're probably right on the first sentence. But it looks like you're assuming wrong on the second. I'm definitely not voting for Trump. But cheers and stay safe!
I don't care what your politics are, that shot is cool as hell!
Isn't this the one to have been shown to have like 38 followers?
They have a pretty hair trigger when it comes to banning. I'm on the conservative side of libertarian and I'm banned for daring to question Trump.
Well that's probably accurate, but I like having a conversation/argument. That ridiculous sub aside, it's been my experience that arguing (in the traditional sense) with my conservative friends is more productive and fun than arguing with my liberal friends. But that sub is just...full of shenanigans is the nicest way I can say it.
I am considering getting rid of both, but I am curious how you're able to keep tabs on some of the smaller bands (pretty much the only reason I still have fb). Would you fill me in please?
Have you guys seen Parks and Rec and the people that are dedicated to Zorp? They call themselves "The Reasonable-ists" so that anybody who disagrees with them would be seen as unreasonable. But the members are nuts. So if you disagree with the Reasonable-ists, are you being unreasonable? Or are you calling crazy people crazy?
Okay but how do you follow them? Like them announcing tour dates and whatnot? Reddit doesn't do that to my knowledge.
Oooh, Bands in Town App. I forgot about that. Thank you much!
six
MY reasons are important enough for the risk. But yours aren't.
What does this even mean? Did he have a stroke?
Is it possible to believe that and also think the reason why they're kneeling is worth defending? Something like "I don't agree with your method, but I agree with your reason"? Have we reached that point where we have to condemn because the lack of ability to hold two thoughts in our head at once?
I don't think that's what he said. He said he doesn't like the method, not that he doesn't agree.
not so wide receiver?
Fatal Frame is the most scared I've ever been playing a game. The cinematography of that game is nothing short of excellent.
/r/therewasanattempt to remember how crime reporting works
First one was funny because it pokes fun at our problems. This one takes it self too seriously.
my dude if we're going that route, you could tear the series apart. Where do they get their food/water for 50k people?
This, and reading the books should be higher.
What are some of the changes? I'm getting so tired of people just saying "no more, we need to change" and then offering zero solutions. What laws need to change/be added/be removed? Otherwise you are signalling virtue with no follow through.
Or how about we stop public funding for bullshit degrees. source: bullshit degree displayed on my wall.
That's not what I was asking. What are those gentleman in the video posted's demands? Also, I tried, but apparently I'm bad at google because I can't find this mythical one list from the protest. I've seen 8 things, 9 demands, but not five. Please enlighten me.
ah okay, so that website is endorsed by all the players in that video and the Packers? Why didn't they link it in the youtube description?
Who is arguing? I'm asking questions. There's lots of noise out there. Some want to disband/defund the police, some want the president to resign, it's all over the place. That's why I was asking what these players were standing for.
Right, but I'm wondering if, before the video, maybe somebody sprayed him. The eye thing is vexing me. Or maybe he's just sweating sunscreen into his eyes?
not right now. You can only be upset about one and you can't hold two separate thoughts in your head. The thought police are out in full force. See ref. Drew Brees.
ah okay thank you
If you didn't shed a few tears when he told Shepard he was proud of him or her, then we can't be friends.
You're correct. Truth is truth, but it's also true that he's an asshole
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/False_dilemma
Because you people keep voting for them. Find somebody to vote for, rather than just voting against somebody.
Brees punked out. His apology did not win him any goodwill back. Might as well stick with what you believe.
Not if they go on a rampage
~~Catelyn~~ Petyr has the most of any non-POV characters, right? Edit: woke up too early. I'm stupid
holy moly. I'm embarrassed. Thank you
Whomever is not upvoting you is so blind to the truth. There are many like me that are just desperate for a good third party candidate. I'm traditionally libertarian but my "party" has been trotting out clowns for decades. Was feeling Tulsi, but Dems decided to go with a guy that's been in office for 40 years but will just now decide to clean up racism
*stares in Battlestar Galactica*
Hey mods, how about you require OP to change the tag/flair. It's disingenuous and misleading.
I don't understand how that can be construed as snarky, but it looks like the flair is down, so thank you much and next time I'll send a message.
Wouldn't it be a little early in the season? I recall that happening later in the book.
Using that logic, you could make a strong correlative argument for 5 mph speed limits.
This sub is incapable of nuance, my friend. If you don't want government overreach in the correct areas, you want children and/or old people to die.
Not later in the books plural, later in this book, Nemesis Games.
This quote doesn't even fit within the context of the show. Both Corey and Topanga both went way out of their ways to pursue each other because their relationship was worth pursuing. They weren't passive--just hoping they might end up together--they did things on purpose so that they would.
Oh okay. So we're just working towards Demolition Man's "it is bad for you, hence it is illegal". Sounds like a lovely utopia. I'll be hanging out with Dennis Leary.
Also, what kind of asshole friend leaks your private texts? Out of context and without knowledge of prior rapport, lots of things could sound pretty terrible.
I do understand common sense. I am pro vaccine. I'm against the double standards and mental gymnastics that has been going on lately so I call it out.
Oh cool, you know everybody's motives without ever meeting them. What a fun super power! Should be easy to prove me wrong. Cmon, party of science, educate me!
Don't feel old, feel mad at GRRM for going so damn slow.
Ooh, I can do this too. Read some books about the history of pandemics. I'm not going to coddle you because you refuse to do any research on the medical history of the country. Do some research. Nailed it.
99% agree with that. edit: oh, woops, I worded that poorly. I meant 99% of people agree with that.
Field hockey, too? I've never heard it referenced as a Canadian culture thing before. And I'm (obviously, by my username) pretty into hockey.
Things are nuanced, but can be succinctly explained. I am for vaccines, I am against government overreach mandating how people raise their kids. They have rules where you have to have your kid vaccinated in order to attend public school, and I'm okay with that because you're entering (and obviously endangering) the school's occupants. I'm also for masks and social distancing, but I'm against the notion that the government gets to decide what we do, including them both determining what is and then shutting down "non-essential" business. I'm for the protesters out right now. Police brutality is awful and (in case you haven't noticed by now, I'm pretty anti-government overreach). But I'm against the notion that one person's cause for protest is okay but another person's isn't. The First Amendment either means something or let's just get rid of it. Thank you for the fun discussion instead of just calling names like others do (and that don't get removed when reported because...reasons). Have a good one and stay safe!
Which statements buddy? I meant more as a general thing. If I make an argument, it can stand scrutiny.
My logic is just fine and quite consistent. I don't care for government overreach. I think the BLM protestors should be able to protest as long as they want. I also think the anti-lock down people should be able to as well. People should be in charge of their own livelihoods.
That would also be the case with universal healthcare, though, wouldn't it? Except it wouldn't be charity.
yeah, soon we'll all have homeless everywhere and out of control housing prices and exorbitantly high tax rates.
you will poop your pants when you see NYC's budget. It might break 6 billion. wiht a b. billion. that's insane.
oh okay, so we'll have secret rapey producers with cops to cover it up soon then? haha I'm justkidding, I see your point.
it starts out REALLY bad. my fiance says it gets better, but I love everybody on that cast and wanted to like it, but it's just awful.
I will for another 4 days and then I'll be moving to Loveland after I complete the process of tricking some poor lady to marry me on Saturday. Broomfield people are just smarter, though. It's science.
It's like the guy who put the "S" in "lisp".
&gt; rhotacism Oh my word that's so mean! I didn't know about that before today. I also feel bad that I'm laughing a little.
Jokic. He's dunked like 15 or 16 times. Dominant.
She is SORELY missed here in CO. Love me some Jenny C, but Alanna is OG Colorado and went to CU and obviously incredible at her job.
It still pains me that she went to you guys. She's a Colorado girl through and through, but go get paid, lady. Good for her!
They should have asked Joey. He's a chameleon!
not in America.
Before Harold Baines got in, I could have accepted Helton not getting in because he was borderline and it could have been 50/50. But now? Come on. He's on par with Vlad Guerrero imo and should definitely get in.
Some of you all sound awwwfully close to being in favor of eugenics. “Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities.” --Tyrion Lannister
I like the other version, but only because it makes this musical queue, which, if I'm not mistaken, is only used in the show during the Two Funerals towards the beginning and it is heartbreaking and beautiful. Side note: while I love Ramin Djawadi, Bear is still the best TV composer going. Easy. Edit: here's the track: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcrPTtOYeik
Seriously? It's a weird show. It's weird even if you're able to look past the fact that 2 of the main characters are animatronic puppets. I love the show (my third favorite scifi behind BSG and The Expanse), but there are SEVERAL barriers to entry that will turn a lot of people off. It's not that complicated. It's a very well done, well acted, well produced show, and I love it but it's WEIRD.
Holy shit. You own Caprica! There's at least two of us!!!
&gt; Iranian I thought he was Indian. Mariner Valley is mostly Indian, Chinese, and Texan iirc.
Hey at least the mods are consistent with making their sides well known. I applaud your forthrightness without feigning neutrality.
Shorter: "It's not controversial to agree with my viewpoint"
Just between us girls, I, a well-established Libertarian, jam the hell out of Rage Against the Machine and friggin adore when De La Rocha guests on Run The Jewels. Also, I've been to a Kelly Clarkson concert. We all have flaws
I can do this, too. It's an opinion. I have no idea why you are failing to grasp this.
haha I accept your anger. It's the price for being right on both accounts.
This is so powerful! The way Nana half whispers it as if it's something she couldn't help but say because of her experience, and then her regret because she knows she needs to win hearts and minds. Absolutely flawless acting by all parties here.
source? It's how you spend it, not how much you get. The private school I went to spent $4,000 (waaay less than half DPS) per student and I don't know of any that didn't graduate and I'd guess 75% went to college. And no, it's not rich, it's pretty economically diverse.
Thank you for your honest reply. I appreciate when people don't just jump to "you want gramma to die for a haircut". However, you are choosing people's priorities for them. Covid-19 does not care about your reasons, so why does one person's reason get priority over another?
Okay, then prove me wrong?
oh okay. then my point is valid
It's a law of economics that can't be changed. It is literally science. The only way to get people paid less or more than what the market will bear is by outside interference. You can obviously make the argument for doing so, but the laws of supply and demand still exist.
I read that in Leo's voice for some reason.
Depends on the state
I understand that.
uh, source needed?
Yes, that's why I asked if I was missing anything illegal, not immoral.
ah okay. that makes sense. I didn't know one of the alleged incidents happened in a 18 yo aoc state.
that watermark is tragically placed
That's already underway. But the sane, silent majority should prevail.
Guess you all were busy last August --Elijah's mom You all have turned this into your own thing. It's not about Elijah and you're lying to yourselves if you say it still is.
You're asking logical questions in an emotion-driven sub.
/r/lostredditors edit: very pretty picture, tho
Say it with me: It was satire. We mock zero tolerance policies but cancel culture has FIRMLY established one here.
I'm a few episodes behind. I love that podcast. I did react just based on all the other things going around right now. But knowing them pretty well, my guess is it'll go along with what has been happening recently.
Bull. Shit. If they were regretting it for a while then they could have pulled it. This is virtue signaling nonsense. They're doing it now so they can show how woke they are
My bad. I read it as you were saying they did it on their own accord as if it was something they've always wanted to do. That's obviously just not true
There are? How many people voted for the nazi party last election? Source needed, please.
Stop using your brain and put on a mask.
It was strong. Covid put a stop to it.
Just compromise and protest at the bar.
Sure, but that's not what people want. They want you to follow without thinking.
I think you misunderstood the question. I meant who is doing better now and with actual numbers. Not some projection.
