U eh
Ugh shut up
Pink Skink prays for starving children while sitting on a golden throne.
Badges
Are you 7 then
How did you miss the other comment by 7 hours?
Asshole
Nah it’s lolknicks
Cool bud
Dude he’s 20. Where do you get these takes from?
All of the top players in the league are
What about Klay
YouTube doesn’t have metrics to show how many dunks Dwade had vs Westbrook. I was moreso looking for an article or stat reference.
Not really no, that’s why I asked for proof.
It's a joke bud
Np boo
Buddy Hield and Chris Boucher are both older than Norman Powell
Damn bro, you are everything I hate about basketball fans. Shitty armchair analysts that don’t watch games and always got shit to say about young &amp; developing players.
Refs made that call a thousand times
Do you? Lol
Ha
You sold out, dude
You conformed, my guy.
That guy flipped out lmao
Recycling, composting, etc. keeps banned materials out of landfills, which lets us use them for actual garbage for longer.
you sold it to him with that edit, damn
Fair enough!
They’re just really good percentages, it shows you can shoot the ball very well.
How are they even remotely similar other than being objective based FPS games?
I'm just trying to wrap my head around how dumb this comment is.. CS:GO doesn't have breakable walls, unique gadgets and abilities for each player to use, you can't rappel, you can't peak while aiming... need I go on? The genre might be similar but the gameplay is completely different.
You can't vault in CSGO, you can't jump in Siege, you can't go prone in CSGO, you don't buy your weapons and gear in Siege, Siege has a downed system where you can be revived, there are no drones or scouting equipment in CSGO, there's no way to regain health in CSGO.. but feel free to stick to your uninformed opinion there, "FreeThinker".
That is such a stupid point. Rocket League and FIFA are both centralized around putting a ball into the other teams nets. In fact, both are based on soccer. They’re two completely different games.
Probably the Center for Enriched Living and the Alliance for the Great Lakes
what do you play on
but they really do be like that doe
My bad bro
okay
Nothing wrong with an evil playthrough &gt;:)
incredible that literally everything in this comment was a blatant lie.
He is going to get *bodied* in the NBA.
yeah cuz what if 6 of them get injured ya dickhead
especially after a long, sweaty, 37 minutes of NBA playtime.
He certainly wasn’t skinny like lamelo is, and I doubt Lamelo has the work ethic to develop his body like Embiid and Giannis have.
If that were the case then the people who make custom content in Football Manager would get the company sued. But that’s not at all how copyright works.
you know siege has two sides right? offense and defence?
How is that a joke lmao it’s an observation
You have to know the game in order to do that though.
Holy fuck it’s not that deep. Here, I’ll explain my view: You said “but your flair says Iana main” which is dumb cause the game has defensive and offensive operators. People have mains on both sides of the game.
Have they won that case yet? That also wasn’t the main point of their lawsuit. They are suing over the replacement team design that SI uses. The mod pack argument is supplementary.
Mobile link?
It’s not degrading when you’re saying one is obviously significantly better than the other
The issues I had with Skyrim were never voice-based, I don’t think having more voices would change the lack of RPG elements, the dumbed-down spells, armor and weapons, the removal of features from Morrowind and Oblivion such as spell creation.. it was a great game but it had some real problems.
Okay then definitely give Tale of Two Wastelands a try! All you need to do is run both launchers once, have a clean slate game (no mods) and the mod takes care of the rest. I recently installed it and I highly recommend it. It takes a few hours to merge all of the game files but the end result is great. Chuck an ENB in there and maybe some texture mods and you’re flying!
You are very welcome, sorry about your Fallout 3 not working but TTW is much better anyway. No CTD as of yet and I've been playing for close to three hours. If you have any TTW related questions feel free to shoot them my way.
the endings are better than anything F3 or FNV had haha
Number Eight: Feeling grand! I've got a tummy full of hydrocarbons and a lighter in my left hand. Shall I burp and set alight? End my pathetic, oily Jewish life? I think not, my pal, my chum! For I've got oil, leaking out my gums!
But I didn’t watch any of his games. I’m not going to sift through box scores to try and justify his greatness. I don’t know if there’s a resource out there that lets me watch all of the ‘88 season.
Fallout 3 is a great game for exploration and such, but my god the side quests carry it so hard.
Who was our best defender then?
You’re more than honoured. You’re alive.
that doesn't even make any sense
his whole account sucks lol
you sound upset that people's parents care about them
Big ol’ whoosh right there pal.
nobody here looks silly except for you bud
It’s okay.
Took 30 seconds. Everything is going to be fine.
What did I say that offended you?
All I said was that I could take your comment down to -5 karma. How is that hypocritical in any way?
Still waiting on the answer chief.
Not gonna say that it’s an entirely different game, because it’s not, but it certainly *feels* that way. There’s been so many important updates, not just to quality of life but also core game mechanics, such as not needing to do the story to start a kingdom. You really owe it to yourself to both read through the patch notes pinned on this subreddit and also try the game out for yourself!
You ever play warband? Kingdom of Swadia? King Harlaus?
*Someone* never played warband, and it shows.
GTX 1050. And yeah that link is to a pretty downtrodden one, same laptop series though.
it's probably the most popular MNB meme
Swadia held the center of Calradia back in Warband. Their cities, castles, and villages were constantly under attack from other factions due to their borders. This lowered the morale of the Swadian vassals because they were constantly at war and losing fiefs. To keep his vassals from defecting, King Harlaus held ***many*** feasts. Even when it would have been in Swadia's best interests to defend a strategic location, or launch an attack. The butter joke is a reference to the Floris mod, where an error within the mod causes all villages to be filled with butter when being looted. Floris was a very popular mod.
Sorry for all the questions, you've been very helpful!
Yikes!
I have played the Witcher 3 many times. I always spend about a week, maybe two doing everything I can in regards to side quests and the campaign. I always give up after a certain amount of time because the game doesn't hold my interest for long enough. &amp;#x200B; I loathe card games. There is nothing fun to me about games like hearthstone. &amp;#x200B; I loved playing Gwent. Shit got *intense*. Battling people from Geralt's past just to gain more cards for all of my decks. Battling kids in random villages that are Gwent savants for the very same reason. Travelling all across the map just to complete Gwent related quests. &amp;#x200B; In some regard, Gwent was the only thing bringing me back to the game.
It's a pretty tired rendition. There's very little emotion behind his voice, the bits that are supposed to jump out to the listener sound uninspired. It just sounds like he's talking unenthusiastically through the song. The bit at 2:05 is especially egregious. It's a sub-par cover in my opinion. His "motherfucker" scream at the end is just bad.
its an EA-made card
My comment was a) not that serious and b) moreso claiming that he wasn’t around this subreddit before Bannerlord
NS are doing exceptionally well
Ass.
I think I’d rather run into this guy than play that
I made the switch up to legendary a few weeks ago and yeah it’s not an enormous step up from world class once you get used to it, but holy fuck the scripting feels so much worse. I had a game against Bayern where they scored in the 50’, 51’ and 53’ after I secured a solid two goal lead. And i just sat there and was like “what can I do?” The game blatantly cheats when it wants the CPU to win and I never noticed it *that* bad on word class. My defenders will clear the ball 3 feet away from themselves after a full bar of power, right into the path of an oncoming attacker. They will disperse seemingly at random when the CPU launch a counter attack. The CPU will shoot a shot, my player will stick his leg out, it will hit his foot and go in despite it making no physical sense whatsoever.
It’s good that he forgives them for being born and having absolutely zero choice on the matter of being gay. What a nice guy, that Jesus.
They should have never defunded education.
Why would you buy the Nintendo Switch when the next Nintendo console comes out in 6 years? I would never buy a console when in the same decade a new one would come.
Source? I don’t believe you
Me and your mother went to the same comedian school. We got well acquainted. She’s a lovely girl.
Replies aren't always replies on this subreddit. Usually people use top comments to piggyback off of.
Where does it say he was a burger? I'm specifically looking for a hamburger that was arrested, released and then rearrested. You specifically said: &gt; In NJ they let some ***burgars*** out and they were arrested in like 2 days for the same crime again. Letting people out of jail was a stupid idea.
If you listen real intently, in the background you can *juuuust* make out ^(the worlds smallest violin.)
Yeah. She wanted to buy me an Xbox 360 actually but this was back in 2010 and I told her “Why would you buy the Xbox 360 when the next Xbox console comes out in 3 years? I would never buy a console when in the same decade a new one would come.”
What
Why would I shut up so the world can live in peace when the new WorldPeace Console is coming out in 2025? Right Ahmet?
Not really relevant to what I said is it
They have Boyarsky too
lmao do you even play Finka?
Peyton Manning owns 21 Papa John's restaurants. So he probably did do the commercials for free, ya jackash.
You don't go back down to 0 health. The boost takes you to 25, you keep 5. 0 health means you're either DBNO or dead. Walking around with 0 health is a glitch.
stfu food police, if you think this cheescake isn't a good use of food why dont you donate your body to cannibals bitch
Forget it because you’re dumb?
I know
Yeah just hold on I’m getting a call.. Mickey my friend!
It’s just.. **I** don’t interrupt *your* work.
No? “That’s what they’re saying” - no, it isn’t. “That’s what they’re saying” - no, they’re not. It’s not what he’s saying.
I swear I see this nearly exact meme 2-3 times a week man.
Nope
the world would be a great place
I know how USG works, neither player can be encapsulated with what you just described.
Okay
I’d rather shoot 40% from 3 than 60% from the FT tbf
Park legend
He has never averaged 9 attempts
I did look, even gave you a couple views. Low effort content, shitty thumbnails, weird ending slide..
Yessir
I made a tea man, I’m sorry you were awaiting my reply with baited breath. Your channel sucks man, you’re never gonna earn an audience because 2k youtubers are a dime a dozen. It’s a saturated market and you’re not skilled, talented or entertaining enough to separate yourself from the others.
You replied to yourself and said “he’s mad”
Let’s break down the numbers for you: 2 months and 72 subscribers Let’s assume you grow at a steady rate, which let’s be honest - you won’t. But for the sake of argument: 1000/72 = 13.8888.. Then 2 months x 13.888.. = 27.777.. months. If you grow at the same rate you do now, which you won’t, it will take you over two years just to earn money from YouTube. Good luck on your journey, you will crash and burn along the way.
1000/36 is 27.777... you moron
1000/36 is the same as 1000/72*2 you absolute idiot.
I’m making supper I’ll check out Yaoi in a minute bro
what happened with her
It’s called nonyae or nunye, idk some middle eastern dish my mom wanted.
The beauty of quarantine
can’t wait to meet them
It’s been better recently but it has been severely underpowered this entire game cycle.
Wtf does Lucas Piazon even do
that doesnt link me to anything, just their home page
doesn't like canadians i guess, tweet doesnt work either
The passing in this year's iteration of FIFA is probably the worst it has ever been.
Cutzy's YSL series are the best on YouTube bar none
He’s giving Canada a bad name
When?
you should volunteer for treadmill
Stfu they arrested a paedophile
Uh.. Richter? Love when casuals try to speak on things they haven't played.
Explain?
Oh ok so they don’t colour code the earlier operators by country they colour code by task force like literally everyone knew. Gotcha. Explain Warden and Nokk then?
34 year old Reus with 40 pace still puts in a shift for me tbf
Allen Covert
Agreed. This video is gonna be all over siege YouTube in a while.
I mean, it just will be tho
It's got nearly 10k upvotes you dunce, it's obvious that *some* siege youtubers will put it in a compilation. The only video I can find showing the glitch has 53 views.
Why can't you just admit you were wrong
FM is free right now on Xbox game pass just sayin :)
Go pretend you're invisible somewhere else nOkK mAiN
How high are you man
Hahaha this is absolute rubbish, try this one out: &amp;#x200B; Igbo entry: uwu gabba goo goo du le le mimi du go English output: you can breathe easily
..? What’s the difference
how else would he have made the video
I think FM and PES should merge to create one big career mode experience.
For a newly promoted side? 75-77 is more realistic.
Holy fuck the regens this team will have
Most of the modders for FM have a donation link on their website
Low high on a right back? Cmon now
1) a lot of Youtubers livestream on Twitch or YouTube, both of which allow donations 2) a lot of Youtubers have patreon accounts which allow donations
Burnley have a 76 rated LB, Bournemouth have a 77, Norwich start a 72 rated, etc..
It’s literally the top post on the subreddit right now man..
Huge bruh moment for the guy that asked if this was a mod in the replies
/u/FifaCMTips posted it
So pretty much exactly what I said then? And not an 83 rated LB?
Count through the EPL left backs that play for mid table to relegation level sides and tell me how many of them are 80-83 rated. There’s only 9 left backs in the EPL that are above an 80 overall and guess which teams they play for? You’re being ridiculous.
An 83 rated left back would be his second highest rated player you absolute mong.
You're just being foolish at this point. It's not realistic to sign an 83 rated leftback when you're a newly promoted side in the EPL.
Yeah calling someone a fat alcoholic slob makes you an asshole in any situation. This sub has a revenge fetish. ESH.
So why mention Everton lmao irrelevant
Robertson was a 74 rated in Fifa 17 so again you're proving me right
A better thing to say would have been “My pants are gay?” in Spanish. Gets the point across that she shouldn’t have been speaking behind a customers back in a language they might understand, still embarrasses her, and doesn’t result in a woman crying at work because of a strangers horrible comments.
LMAO
Lmao this entire conversation has been about rating
I mean it’s plastic so..
No, not at all. That’s just part and parcel of trying to becoming a better person.
A lot less accountability in a big city vs a small town. You would be ostracized for doing that around here.
But he won’t reply to that
Did you do the Grealish objectives 😂
Great find! Can’t wait to ruin her legs with Keane
The bundesliga has a third division in this iteration of FIFA, they’re fun rebuilds :)
Wait for the ultimate TOTS crash yeah
Hahahaha I found your YouTube channel, you talk so much shit for being an 11 year old. Too funny.
Interesting, thanks for the insight!
2024 I think? Started out with Virtus Entella in the Serie B (EA don't have the licensing so they're known as Chiavari) and built up a solid core there for a few years. When I saw Mansilla I knew I wanted to shift the focus of the career mode around him. He just looked special. He was 64 rated so I wanted to change to an awful team just to justify playing him every game without pissing off my current Chiavari attackers. So I tried to look for job openings through saving and reloading and simming through the calendar. Didn't find anything "low tier" enough if that makes any sense, so I forfeited a few games in a row until I was terminated and offered a job at Hannover who were in the relegation battle in the Bundesliga. Brought him over and the rest has been history really. He's honestly the only one holding my interest in career mode right now just because of how fun he is to play with. Lot's of good players on my Hannover team right now but none really compare.
No one is really pissed about it anymore, you only ever hear it being brought up by Ireland fans in a negative manner. That's really why I asked.
Can you find me a source on the 70% figure? Because a lot of the studies I'm reading through right now all claim that we are definitely going through an extinction event right now, and that seems pretty undeniable. Whether one would classify it as a major extinction event seems to be dependent on one's definition of "major". &amp;#x200B; Update: I see now that 4 of the "Big 5" events had at least a 70% species extinction rate, but 1 - the Ordovician-Silurian Event - is a more inaccurate figure at 60-70% of all species. &amp;#x200B; Update 2: [This seems like the next logical read.](https://ipbes.net/global-assessment) Quick summary: &gt;The IPBES report, the most comprehensive study of [life on earth](https://www.dw.com/en/worldwide-inventory-to-help-protect-biodiversity/a-48526426) ever undertaken, lays out stark threats from biodiversity loss: one million species face extinction; the soil, forests, oceans and rivers we rely on have been devastated by humans; and climate breakdown can only be prevented through better stewardship of nature. Its summary for policymakers, published on May 6, was hailed as a landmark moment for conservation. Update 3: Highlights from the IPBES Report: * **A5 -** Human actions threaten more species with global extinction now than ever before. An average of around 25 per cent of species in assessed animal and plant groups are threatened, suggesting that around 1 million species already face extinction, many within decades, unless action is taken to reduce the intensity of drivers of biodiversity loss. Without such action, there will be a further acceleration in the global rate of species extinction, which is already at least tens to hundreds of times higher than it has averaged over the past 10 million years. * Most of the total extinction risk to species is estimated to have arisen in the past 40 years * The proportion of insect species threatened with extinction is a key uncertainty, but available evidence supports a tentative estimate of 10 per cent. Those proportions suggest that, of an estimated 8 million animal and plant species (75 per cent of which are insects), around 1 million are threatened with extinction * Around 9 per cent of the world’s estimated 5.9 million terrestrial species – more than 500,000 species – have insufficient habitat for long-term survival, and are committed to extinction, many within decades, unless their habitats are restored * Population declines often give warning that a species’ risk of extinction is increasing. The Living Planet Index, which synthesizes trends in vertebrate populations, shows that species have declined rapidly since 1970, with reductions of 40 per cent for terrestrial species, 84 per cent for freshwater species and 35 per cent for marine species
And it wasn't even intended for CM :)))))
That's funny because I would kiss you square on the lips and not even think twice about it.
Ok link it then.
that’s the joke you melon
Jokic ain't no spot up shooter he aint gotta run to the corner to shoot like hes some 3rd option bitch this aint jj redick this is a fuckin god human steph curry come again only this time hes not a fuckin pussy pull up from the fuckin logo and fight you at the same time
You a doctor?
*You* have a future. Cherish. CHERISH!
never calls him an ass man it's arse man
sorry you got the reference wrong?
"polish league"
Top ten ways to fight a sandwich by Amir Valerie RUBENfeld! Number 10: can I get an amen? A simple butter knife wielded by a wiry comedienne! Cut into the bread nice and slow, make sure you really slice that dough! Through the lettuce and through the meat, you’ll begin to see my face.. as a seat.
that’s cute
Please Roman I’m in the middle of a police chase
You sound like a newer fan tbh
sick
Fucking hope you don't get elected for anything. Absolute twat keyboard warrior.
400 million?
Damn those Canadians and their 100 million citizens
Can't believe the US hit 500 million people last month
did a poor job tbf
lmao
Defence and championship are what it boils down to in the end. Offensively I’d definitely give it to Luka though, you kinda have to.
Sancho is the best U20 in the world, no arguments
He’s 23, 24 in 2 months just to drive your point home
Who’s that
Yeah that clears it up..
Cheers for an actual answer.
Don’t blame him for it tbf
already answered but thank you
It's not. God has already forsaken this team.
It might be his first name but it doesn't at all tell me who he is, "bruh".
lol yeah that part about taking down the fat guy wasn't relevant but it wasn't a difficult read
If that's supposed to be a reference it's not one I get
Completely different situation. She's his *daughter.* He is a *parent,* albeit not directly involved in the child's development and day-to-day life. Be honest, which would you rather find out about someone you just started dating - that they had a kid or that they had a brother? Again, there's a reason he took 4 months to tell her, don't play dumb or be disingenuous.
“Stop saying he has a kid, he doesn’t”. Title of the post calls his kid his bio-daughter. So that’s the end of that part. “He’s not a parent.” Definition of a parent: a father or a mother. He is the biological father of this child and is therefore a parent. He is not a parent that is involved in her life, but a parent nonetheless, so that point can be put to rest as well. Let’s be honest, it took him 4 months because it’s not an easy thing to tell someone you like. Don’t be disingenuous. You may not tell someone on the first date who you’re close to, but you can be damn sure that they’ll know if I have children or close friends before *4 months of dating*. I swear everyone on this sub is a hardcore looney.
how do you know their parents are amazing
He’s 20 ya dunce
Outer Worlds is definitely a video game.
Ring a ding ding baby!
Truth is.. the game was rigged from the start
Dortmund are plenty good competition
Yeah you got it man
As long as Bethesda are still making other games I don’t really see why that would be a problem.
Why tf does that make them a scumbag
Stupider is a word. It's a comparative adjective. Good try though.
I don't even know why we're continuing to have this conversation, we both have our opinions on the matter that I doubt will be changed.
He's 5'7" and skinny, I really don't know if he'll make much of a splash in the prem. He has been average at best in the Serie A.
Who are you referring to?
Google is your friend here pal, sorry to say that you are *wrong*. Stupider is a comparative form of "stupid". "We list *stupider* and *stupidest* as the comparative and superlative forms of *stupid*, because that is what they are. They are honest-to-goodness, one-hundred-percent, grade-A, real words. In case anyone tries to tell you otherwise here is a small sample of them being used in edited prose over the ages:" &amp;#x200B; &gt;…part and counterpart wandered independently about the earth in the stupidest manner for a while, till the late time came. — Thomas Hardy, *Tess of the D’Urbervilles*, 1891 &gt; &gt; "All ladies like them, I suppose," said that stupidest and most stubborn of all humble friends, Miss Macnulty. — Anthony Trollope, *The Eustace Diamonds*, 1873 &gt; &gt; Death, insanity/suicide degeneration that is, just getting stupider as they get older — Ezra Pound, *The Cantos of Ezra Pound*, 1972 &gt; &gt; Joe suspects, as does the neighborhood woman who gives the film a piquant fairy-tale quality when her dog is stolen in the opening scene, that for some reason people are getting stupider and stupider all the time. — Janet Maslin, *The New York Times*, 27 Feb. 1998 Here [is the link to the above examples.](https://www.merriam-webster.com/words-at-play/are-stupider-and-stupidest-real-words)
That was over 20 years ago.
Cavani is an excellent header of the ball
[You look about 5'8"](https://i.imgur.com/jpNchV3.jpg) here to be fair.
I think someone with one extra chromosome would be able to acknowledge that their intelligence is stunted compared to those without chromosomal disorders. Also, getting offended on other peoples' behalf is just silly. The insult was funny, and many others find it to be that way considering it's the top post on this subreddit right now. Define "competent" in this case.
3.7% of all players who have finished the game sided with Caesar at some point, that's what you can gather from this. Lots of people probably never beat it.
pretty underwhelming in my opinion. Just a collage of pictures and a narration of what happens to factions/characters after the battle. And you can’t continue which is incredibly annoying.
why tf would he want to stay here
We spent 70+ million on a winger...
Sh.. shave it that way?
He was the vengeful spirit.
Buddy in the back is going through some shit.
It’s shit just like you Pearse
I know him
Such low quality hahaha
Mbappe on a free next
We have Walmart too ya dingus, they're different.
Give your balls a tug bud, I'm not trusting the Walmart workers with any pertinent questions, other than "where can I find this item?"
Skivs that park their shitty ricer cars in the parking lot LOVE Crappy Tire.
Yeah but usually that subreddit is usually reserved for questions directed at OP that can't be answered by other users, like "How long have you two been buddies", stuff like that. So didn't really make any sense. You're welcome though.
Wat
not near me
Should’ve asked an older gentleman
Yes, have and will continue to.
You could say that about most stores
That doesn't even make sense. Don't try to be funny in the future, you're bad at it.
Calling someone a sucker is such a harmless insult
it's a last resort
What are you on about? The first Walmart to serve groceries came out like 3 decades ago
Typical Quebecer thinking only about themselves ;)
It took you 7 years to win one trophy?!
i can probably count on my fingers the amount of people that play volta.
no
Yeah created players have 99 potential
I used all the scout future stars just cause you can save scum the result until you get a 5* 5* beast. Financial takeover is like 40-60 mil, it’s only worth it if you’re a lower league side and even then it just breaks immersion.
OP used “They” for pretty much the whole post, so good detective skills on that last paragraph 😂
So original and funny!
Good pundit tbf
All of the rookies there are really good (Minus Tacko, he’s 7’6” and has potential but he’s fairly limited in his skill set understandably. Very raw.) but Ben Simmons won the ROTY award in the season *after* he got drafted, because he was injured he missed his whole “first” season, and it’s been an ongoing joke in NBA communities.
That would be Bruno Caboclo, who is perpetually 2 years away from being 2 years away
Watch Houston then
ugly
Interesting, thank you.
Man the fuck up lmao
Yeesh, probably for the best.
Just a joke pal
Seems unnecessary to sound good while gaming unless you're a content creator
Right? I don't get his comment at all. Making edibles is the same thing as baking. The only trashy part of this post is his sister's parentings skills - letting her daughter barge into OP's house and steal food. Fuck ever happened to manners?
you gotta be the weirdest dude on this site
They’d skip right over you, probably settle for murder.
Weird quotations
RIP Bernd..
Saka delivered that beautifully
Saka &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
We need to sub someone on just to take out Maupay
But you commented..
Holding has done terribly there
We have 5 fucking subs to use and several of our players have played like shit.
What was our penalty shout?
Who are we meant to play over him
Auba has a golden boot to his name
The goat of lisps
He’s streets behind
Intellect 1
It’s still fun. Just lacks a lot features.
Drogba over Buetra 😎
I tried FM but it was too in depth for me if that makes sense. I just can't really commit my free time to learning how it works.
When people mention realism they are referring to game play, not menu content. 1) FM doesn’t have game play and 2) The AI gameplay that you watch on FM, the highlights, are terribly unrealistic.
So you’re saying it’s gameplay related when talking about realism.. because obviously there’s nothing realistic about ultimate team menu grinding or anything, or whatever the PES equivalent is.
If it’s a better, more realistic game why do you think more people buy FIFA?
FIFA has a replay option mate. You pause it and it’s in the top right. Come on now.
Pretty convenient huh
Well if you find any sort of proof that would be great. Because the entire point of manual is that the player kicks it where you aim it with no game assist. Which has been my experience.
I’m obsessed!
Play "I'm Shipping Up to Boston", it's kinda relevant
Email of the fucking year.
Holy shit I can't believe I'm having this debate. Not all athletes are on scholarships for their athletic abilities, which means they play the sport as an extracurricular activity. It’s their choice to play. So... not slavery... at all. When athletes do have scholarships you could argue that’s a form of gain for the recipient of the scholarship. It’s something that was still their choice. So... not slavery... at all. You do not choose to become a slave. Maybe an indentured servant, but not a slave. You don’t choose to be viewed as chattel and treated as subhuman. It’s asinine to compare these things. I’m totally willing to admit that schools use athletes for financial gain without the athletes being fairly paid, but again, that’s not close to slavery. Having the chance of fame and adoration and the shot at a degree or playing professional sports is not the same as being *owned* as *property* by another human. I don’t know if you’re unfamiliar with the horrific conditions that slaves have lived in, and in some places of the world still live in, but I want to suggest you educate yourself some more so you don’t appear so ignorant online. Slaves are not able to quit and do something else, because they are not considered to be people; they are considered to be property. College athletes are able to quit and do something else, because they are considered to be people. Is it wrong that they don't get paid? Yes. But they are not slaves. NCAA players get a college education, free room and board, usually a stipend each month, free gear (clothes, backpacks, coats, etc.). Just because they don’t receive a wage/salary doesn’t mean it’s slavery or at all similar. Please fuck off with this analogy. You're demonstrably wrong.
They didn’t tho so he’s still right
Net worth is estimated to be around 4 million. So he pretty much donated *the equivalent of* 23% of his net worth to charity.
He would have it just would've taken longer ;)
The streamer didn't use the money his viewers sent to make himself look better. He stated "gaming raised $920k" in his tweet.
Horses usually live to around 25 (approx.) 34/25 = 1.36 Humans usually live to around 80 (approx) 80 x 1.36 = 108.8 You get it now?
Sukyaself
I’m just explaining where OP got their numbers from.
Leave Evans and then integrate Benkovic when his loan is up
His dad died man.. I don’t blame him for anything.
Not stylin’
Bravo
It literally says in the title that OP made it lad
That’s.. the way it should be?
There are 3 players from France with potentials over 80 that play CAM as their main position and CM as their second: [https://sofifa.com/player/246350/enzo-le-fee/200048/](https://sofifa.com/player/246350/enzo-le-fee/200048/) [https://sofifa.com/player/247827/michael-olise/200048/](https://sofifa.com/player/247827/michael-olise/200048/) [https://sofifa.com/player/208787/adrien-thomasson/200048/](https://sofifa.com/player/208787/adrien-thomasson/200048/) None of those players would result in a player of this magnitude in the second season of a career mode.
OP is a blatant liar. Nothing else to see here.
This is in Bannerlord
I don’t even get why this meme was created. Goalies obviously have a significantly better chance of saving an outside the box shot than a 1 on 1. Did he mean to say it the other way around?
I’m sad you made this post thinking anyone would believe that this isn’t an edited roster regen.
In 5 years why not?
I am too
Toulouse would probably be a mid table championship side
Jesus buddy..
Mustafi has been fine under Arteta.
Your hobby is squash*
Difference between us and Leeds is that they’ve won a European cup
Son is easily the same price as Hazard, are you kidding me?
Did you just say “wrong” to the dude’s opinion on what video is *his* favourite?
I agree with you
A table might be made of beautiful oak and be masterfully crafted but if it can’t hold a glass without snapping in two like it’s supposed to then it’s fucking useless.
Let’s be honest, FIFA 12 CM was the last of the good ones.
That’s true to some extent. But hypothetically if they brought this back next year but just absolutely butchered the game play and gutted a lot of the features, would you still commend them for this?
No
Why do you rape tepels
Trash
3* SM on attackers is brutal man
You’ll suck a dick anyway. Bad deal.
It would be weird to insult a mirror tbh
She gone
Your name is backwood related and you're calling other people losers?
No she’s not
His chances of playing for them go up as the team gets worse
Adama puts the fear of god into me
Well if we're going to be pedantic and take jokes too seriously.. He didn't say which FIFA. Tierney in FIFA 17 had a 65 rated card. In FIFA 18 he had a 74 rated card. So the math adds up just fine.
I like Pepe
RIIIIIIIIIICOLAAAAAAA
He's such a talented actor. How can you say he won't play the part with compassion?
Dylan McDermott is just a chiseled and masculine Ross from friends.
Ok, fair enough, but why?
Lol the board emailed me after I did something like this telling me that I fucked up not playing a retiring player in our last game.
Why do you think he could play the compassionate parts better though, that's what I'm asking. And why are you not sure that Brolin could do it convincingly? You've got to have some reasoning behind this.
Loss to Wolves, Leicester, and Liverpool. Draw to Spurs, Villa. Wins against Watford and Norwich. In total: 8 points.
Aouar is way out of the budget.
Would love that link
His bad at shopping what?
Game of Thrones was 8 seasons long. Nikolaj's character was cunning and well written - he performed his role perfectly and we got to see the many dimensions of acting he is capable of. You find it hard to sympathize with Brolin because you've seen two of his movies where he plays the same role because they're a series. You essentially haven't seen two of his movies in that regard. If you want to have a more legitimate opinion on Brolin, maybe watch more of his fucking movies than Sicario lmao!
That is a fantastic rebuttal. Really well put and succinct.
I forgot what being 15 was like, thank you for reminding me.
FM isn’t on consoles and doesn’t let us play games, is very complicated and not comparable to FIFA CM. Don’t think I would enjoy FM.
🤦🏻‍♂️
I’ve only played 40 FUT games this years FIFA, good try though! You broke your controller and hand when you lost 13-0 to Liverpool and yet everyone else is a loser? Get that anger management checked pal.
And?
What?
Bahaha he's in Michigan
Do you disagree?
I think he’s on the bench
Looking for a fight is the opposite of cowardice. Like, by definition.
You’re trying way too hard to sound prophetic here dude. The definition of a coward: “a person who lacks the courage to do or endure dangerous or unpleasant things.” Fighting is both dangerous and unpleasant. You’re utterly and simply wrong.
Good answer. Wow. Showing your true colours there.
This is what you said to OP: &gt; You weren't implying he was a coward for hiding his face? Ok bud Then I asked you if you think someone is a coward if they think that skin colour is a tool that can be used to measure someone's ability to be a good person. Which you still haven't answered.
No - you did not answer the question. You said: &gt; You're asking if skin color has anything to do with being a good person or not? No, it doesn't That wasn't what I was asking. I asked you if someone is a coward if they believe that skin colour is relevant in the question of someone being a good person.
It's $5 now though, not $5 then adjusted to now. According to historical statistics, 5 US dollars in the year 2015 was the amount a male worker in Sweden received in wage for 0.20161 hours work. A male worker in Sweden in 1658 received 0.007710 gram gold in wage for 0.20161 hours worked.
Oh shoot yeah I didn't read that right. Vortex and Modlib are two different things, it seems like the guy who made this post is pretty confused about that, probably new to modding.
You have a very well groomed beard
Davies and David are brilliant.
He's the back row, second from the left for anyone wondering
Moukoko in the U-19 Bundesliga West this season: 20 games 34 goals 9 assists Involved in 66% of his teams goals Now back up *your* mans.
Right here [chief](http://www.talkingbaws.com/2017/10/borussia-dortmund-coach-doubts-youth-sensation-youssoufa-moukokos-age/)
The original comment specifically said “male homosexuals”.
I’ll give you a lesson in humility if you’re on Xbox
Cool, you’re using 1 good game as the basis for your argument. Compare their youth league stats then.
Time zones
You can just say you were wrong
Sell him
reetahan
Just stop playing this game until they fix shit
I’m usually all for bashing EA, but do one [modicum of fucking research](https://www.google.ca/amp/s/metro.co.uk/2020/06/03/ea-square-enix-ubisoft-donate-black-lives-matter-charities-12798070/amp/) before spewing your stupid, uninformed idiocy.
Read /u/duxduxduxgoose comment again. Slowly. Until you understand why what you said was stupid.
Bad troll.
You genuinely think Cherki is the best talent to come out of France? That is utter delusion.
You’re acting like they won the league every year
I’m too lazy because FM isn’t on consoles? Good one man, that makes a lot of sense.
Can I have it if you’re not back within the hour?
The season wasn’t cancelled early.
You know that means “I didn’t see anything” - right?
Just want to make sure that this comment is from the same guy that said: &gt; Spanish media always report bullshit nonsense that favors Spanish teams and please the Spanish fans that read it They don't even try to be credible
Again - how is that list credible in any way? His goals in the EL were against Frankfurt and Liege - both were better than Nantes at the time of playing. 2 of his assists were also against Frankfurt. He showed out in the EL. That Frankfurt game was 2 weeks after he turned 18 Do not compare Cherki to Saka. There are levels to this. Saka is better in every way. Farmers league.
You’re using the time to reply to it
Why should I care about FTalentScout on Twitter’s opinion 😂
88 million USD. Buddy is American.
He will be.
“One of the best midfield talents of his generation” How many calls up for Spain did he get?
You think it’s acceptable for a father to cut off his 20 year old daughters pony tail and you also admit to being openly homophobic in your comments. You have a weird moral compass.
Judge not lest ye be judged.
They’re not going to sell him to us
It was a weird lineup. He was at CM at some points too.
Different positions
Which is a good thing, I’m glad we were conservative.
You’re an embarrassment
Right. He’s an adult. Not a kid.
Oh Jesus, grow up. Saying “you realize” isn’t accusatory or rude or pretentious. Yes, we need a midfielder. We don’t need another inexperienced 20 year old - we need proven talent. We don’t need a player with a buy back clause. Barca won’t sell him to us. Good enough points for you?.
We. Cannot. Buy. Puig. So why even talk about it?
Let’s talk about realistic signings then. It would be a pretty useless thread if it was chalk full of people talking about signing Madrid and Barcelona future talents. Puig is so far out of our reach it’s not even funny. Again, saying “you realize” is just not any of those things you said. You’re just soft I suppose. My apologies.
Yikes
Nkunku has more goal contributions in a better league. He’s better.
He put both of his hands on Vazquez’s back and then kicked him in the chest pal. Regardless of “full force” you can’t push a player to the ground and not expect a penalty.
I probably wouldn’t play Cantwell at CAM
Buddy your team didn’t even make Europe in the French farmers league this season 😂
I guess I just don’t really see the issue with pirating a game this is well outside of its life cycle, by like 20 years.
I mean a game 20 years removed from its life cycle isn’t generating the developers profits anymore. Especially if that studio is shut down. So I don’t think it’s really a bad thing if the game is pirated.
They already made millions on it.
So I guess my point is that a new release is supposed to be a cash cow for studios. Let’s use the new COD as an example. It has made activision somewhere around a billion dollars I think. If everyone decided to pirate that instead of buying it, that would seriously negatively impact the company as they rely on those profits. If a bunch of people decided to pirate Half Life right now, while the studio would technically be missing out on sales, they already made their money from it and are not dependant on selling any more copies.
Not you guys though right? Cherki will dominate them in the CL
Cherki is a good example
EFL cup and community shield 😂
This clown over here..
Would it be sexist to make a similar video about male basketball players?
He has to get a tattoo of Bukayo Saka on his leg
- Real Madrid fan since 2014
You can’t determine the value of acareer through trophies mate. But I’ll bite. Where do you think he’s gonna win his UCL after he inevitably leaves Lyon?
My favourite take on this movie: “Europeans being offended by a will ferrell film that mocks Eurovision need to relax, it's Will fucking Ferrell. He literally has made movies dedicated to making fun of Nascar, professional ice skating, the police action film genre, American broadcast culture, and oh yeah, fucking Zoolander. Are you this offended by Zoolander too? Does the idea of models being ridiculed for their high brow elitism ruffle your feathers? What is there to be mad about??? That a dumbass American made a dumbass film about Eurovision? What, that he doesn't understand it? He literally made fun of Nascar and Nascar culture, that's as American as it gets, but you think it's your duty as a European to be annoyed that he took a pot shot at something from Europe? What the hell do you care, it's like one of the longest running European competitions in the world and it's entirely a European affair. It's not gonna be ridiculed or cancelled because of some dumb American movie. So what's the issue? why do you care so much about some stupid American movie about it? Make your own damn movie and stop complaining about it on Tumblr. That is actually a snowflake move, being pissy about some stupid Ferrell comedy, and also isn't Eurovision pretty weird and whacky itself? I wouldnt think fans of Eurovision would have such thin skin, do you really take it so seriously? And even if you do, why be such a snob on Tumblr? The movie probably sucks, no one will watch it, and it'll be pulled from Netflix eventually. Eurovision has lasted what, over sixty years? This movie will be forgotten about in like a week.”
Grip him by his package, the other hand on the area between his neck and his shoulder, lean in really close so that your face is inches from his ear and whisper “Rayan Cherki is the best French talent to ever live” and I guarantee you that you won’t even have to initiate the kiss - he might not even left you get past the first two words.
Aren’t RB’s main defenders from the Ligue 1?
Werner isn’t overhyped, he has a great goalscoring record. The definition of overhyped is calling Cherki is the best French talent to ever live when he’s 16 and has only had 1 good game and it was in the coupe de France. Cherki would be lucky to have a career like Werner’s.
Insane that you think that Cherki will be better than he is now through progression but you believe that Nkunku can’t have gotten better when he went to the BL. he found a better system that suits him as a player and he’s using it to his advantage. You’re delusional. Also didn’t you get banned from this subreddit a few months ago? /u/SixNeuf
Nkunku is only 22. He’s a young player who just had a breakout season. Ligue 1 are defensively minded to make up for a lack of attacking talent across the board so of course he’s going to have a tough time there. It doesn’t suit him. And let’s be honest, Cherki is just not the best player at Lyon when he plays. No goals or assists in his 6 ligue 1 performances. Ouch. Also didn’t you get banned from here a few months ago? /u/SixNeuf
They all started out in France but let's look at this in a case by case basis: &amp;#x200B; Aubameyang - 49 goals in 154 games in Ligue 1, then 98 goals in 144 games in the BL, and 49 goals in 78 games in the Prem. So clearly he was at his best when he left. Rarely do good attacking players stay in Ligue 1, Auba is no exception. Sadio Mane - 2 goals in 22 games in Ligue 1, then 31 goals in 63 games in Austrian BL, 81 goals in 187 games in the Prem. Once again, at his best when he left. Mahrez - 6 goals in 60 games in Ligue 1, then 58 goals in 201 games in the Prem. He became significantly better when he left. &amp;#x200B; Feel free to bring up more players that follow this trend. Ligue 1 always produces the top talents but they almost never want to stay outside of PSG. Lyon especially, who are a selling club, and Monaco who have sold their best talents to top teams. Just because Ligue 1 *produces* top attacking talent doesn't mean it is something plentiful that each team in the league currently has. Also didn't you get banned from this subreddit a few months ago? /u/SixNeuf
Tumblr will get offended by anything. I wouldn't think too much about it - likely a vocal minority.
Good
You haven't won a non-invitational trophy since 2012. They don't do finals in Lyon.
So what?
And replaced with Rayan Cherki right?
He should come to Arsenal like a certain other French striker from Lyon
Are you referring to me or my club? Because we have a lot to be enthusiastic about. Great potential talents on the come up.
not american. fitting username.
No one is crying lol we're just calling you a pussy for your pussy-like views on movies.
He gone
It was definitely a joke
Genuinely the only thing I can remember from that class is drawing arrows that go up and down to represent cash flows. Oh, and the goal seek function in excel.
Lose weight then
It was a joke to bait people into taking it seriously
*69*
Seems like you’re projecting a bit there
What JR did was about a million times worse than missing a free throw. I can excuse Hill.
Disagree
I don’t disagree with that part. Obviously a free throw is an easier shot to make and he *should* have made it but missing a free throw is excusable. It happens multiple times a game for both teams. JR admitted to not knowing the score.
Why are you mentioning this to me like I don’t agree with you
A 3-4-3 sounds dangerous until you realize how solid our wide players are at tracking back.
God I cannot believe how good Gnabry is now
Reply to the OP then, not to me. Because again, I don’t disagree with you.
Agreed. Hopefully he can return to the same level of physicality.
How was he a PSG flop? Can you explain that without being insulting? By all accounts I think RB were quite happy with the deal and it seems to have worked out for them. Nkunku fits into their system better, and he’s also quite young at 22 so it could just be a case of natural progression as he becomes a better player. Maybe the best place to hone your attacking skills isn’t in the physical and defensively based Ligue 1, but rather the less defensive, faster and more attack oriented Bundesliga.
There's an NBA player named Dennis Smith Jr. that tore his ACL in high school and was dunking again 2 weeks after. Turns out he had a second ligament in his knee!
I'm assuming your flair is referring to Larence?
think you mean "or" not and
How do you know any of the things in the first sentence?
I believe it's this one? [https://headgum.com/if-i-were-you/427-quarantine-chat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Imagine a point so frickin' legit it didn't make me want to punch you in the tit.
My an incel?
Forget it because you're dumb?
Cannot expect everyone to type that out fully
IAC, the media company funding CollegeHumor, stopped financing CH because it was operating at a net loss money-wise. Over 100 people lost their jobs due to an inability to pay them. That's when Sam Reich (the man whose parents died in a plane crash) became the majority owner of the site. They've since doubled down on Dropout, which is their subscription based streaming service.
Outside of J&amp;A, $975 a month for a studio apartment in Hell's Kitchen is around 167% cheaper than the current rent there.
Yeah I did mean Brian. C'mon.
Something a little tasteful at first, ya know, a little kissy kissy, a little anal
So OK, me calling out Lyon for a lack of success is me bragging that Arsenal is more successful, but you calling Arsenal out for a lack of success isn't you bragging that Leeds is more successful? I don't follow your logic. We're both doing the same thing, I just did it to a different team. Never said I was superior to anyone on Reddit, even once. You're projecting. I've already been to the Emirates. Went on a 3 day vacation to London and did a tour. Good try, poor assumption. Any other dumb comments? I'm here for it.
Adam Ruins Everything isn’t a college humour production anymore, and it’s also terrible.
You said that Arsenal were on of the worst teams in the world right now. Again - do you want to concede that point or do you want to argue for it? “Good” is a subjective term, it depends on what your basis for comparison is. We are good in the sense that we’re better than 99% of football clubs that exist right now due to the quantity that exists. We are 10th in the top flight in England and can finish higher depending on the rest of the season. So currently we are better than 10 teams in the prem, the 24 teams in the championship, and the list goes all the way down. I can accept that we’re not good relative to the top teams like Liverpool, Juventus, the Madrids, PSG, but to say that we’re one of the worst teams is just downright stupid and cannot be substantiated by anything. The premier league is the hardest league to win.
She’s from the future
You bite your tongue
boo
Wtf I literally do the same thing but a 4-3-1-2
Don’t think of little as an adjective, think of it as a pronoun
That’s not an argument to what I said. 10-2 on aggregate because you’re a significantly better team than we are does not make the defences in the bundesliga good 😂
Well they are better in the PL, that’s just a fact. Compare the amount of goals that are scored in the BL to the PL, it’s day and night really. Also didn’t you guys lose 3-1 to Liverpool? And 3-3 aggregate to city?
What does that even mean? Probably a weirder thing to say than “lol”
We were trying to waive the fee to allow them to pay. ASSE didn’t want that.
At least you’re in shape!
Just voicing my opinion on my experience of Lewa this iteration
Stalking an adult is though?
