Then you go to San Francisco and some of them are 3+ people
I gave my BF an ultimatum and 3 months to change his behavior. He did, and we’re still together.
I’m going for a particular program at a state school. They offer a BS and a BA in the same subject. The difference is the BS students have to take a seminar in writing scientific papers or something like that.
Actually there’s a huge problem of gay men groping women and thinking it’s okay because they’re gay.
Puppy sized elephant
They let you tweet in prison?
(It took me way too long to realize that OP was “other partner” 😰😰) You’re right, your situation *does* suck! Have you gone to your partners and said, “Hey, this situation really sucks for me, and I’m not getting as much attention as I need from you. Can we work together to figure out some temporary solutions?” Does long-distance attention work for you? You could try face-timing, using the app/website Rabbit to watch something together, face-timing/Skyping to eat together or take a bath at the same time, sending pics throughout the day, sending small presents or ordering each other pizza or takeout... I’m sure there are more ideas out there. As for splitting your alone time with the kiddos, have you considered enlisting your partner or a meta to take them to go get ice cream or to have them make brownies or pancakes or something? Or simply watch them while you guys shower together?
A shotgun wedding is where they are getting married only because the bride is pregnant
It’s okay! They’re called that because supposedly the father of the bride is forcing the groom to do this at gunpoint.
That is so untrue, mostly because the president is not the end-all, be-all of the American political system.
1. This is literally on the Wikipedia page. 2. Don’t you think it’s likely that the pronunciation changed when it was Anglicized?
Except they aren’t necessarily groping women to fulfill their own sexual desires. The whole point, for them, is that it can’t be sexual harassment because they don’t get any sexual pleasure out of it.
Your friends’ parents have an obligation to your parents, not to you.
How is this phonetic?
Ah, so it’s just a misnomer. Thanks!
You’re not being blamed for the past. Modern US Government relations with indigenous nations also sucks.
In the US you put your birthday, but I think that’s more for the background check. It helps rule out people with the same name.
Okay
Hey, so you think you might have depression? One of the biggest symptoms is not being able to make yourself do anything. So is feeling tired all the time.
Happy birthday queer people!!
Changes in behavior can manage the effect it has on your life. However, the most effective treatment is medication and cognitive behavioral therapy together.
Anne Frank died of disease in a work camp.
Seeking asylum isn’t illegal. The conditions these people are kept in *is* illegal. People are dying. That’s much more important than an invisible line on the ground.
In real life? To mind his own business
No, you just moved goalposts.
You started with “not political” and then switched it up to “doesn’t discuss politics”. And maybe that’s what you tried to say in the beginning, but you doubled down on it before being proved wrong and flashing your ignorance everywhere.
There’s a lot of other ways that politics influenced your ability to do that. Your definition of political not only sucks but it also is different from the one that you originally brought up politics under.
That’s sexist.
No, but neither would the mod’s comment. So with that in mind, political is not the same as politics.
Women’s sexual freedom from other people, and especially from their fathers or the church, has always been a basic part of the feminist movement.
10% of people who voted for Bernie voted for Trump.
I haven’t heard that term used for ten years. And even then, it was mostly used by drag queens.
That is completely unrelated to my comment. The physical differences I’m talking about aren’t size related.
Girly is an adjective. Girlie is a noun.
What about the monkey’s paw
This is going to heavily depend on the country.
How is it cute to surprise someone who doesn’t like desserts with a cake
Sure thing! I know how hard it can be to learn niche vocabulary in a foreign language.
Most kinds of cheeses aren’t kosher because of the use of rennet - however some modern companies use a chemical instead of rennet, so it could be kosher.
SD has plenty of hiking in the subrurbs, where OP wants to live.
Thanks, but that has nothing to do with my comment.
Yeah, okay.
Oh I just thought it’s because they’re in an inter-spacial relationship and marriage between squares and rounds was frowned upon
Nah.
This comment doesn’t get into the real details of why vegan might not be affordable. The answer is that some people live in food deserts and have no access to fresh food at all - or even a grocery store. Even in the developed world. Furthermore, in some places fresh food is more expensive than processed food, and vegan processed food is still expensive. I mean, *potatoes* are $3 more in New York than LA.
Some Traditions (sects) in Wicca do work skyclad (naked) but this definitely originated with Gerald Gardner being a pervert. However, the witches that do work skyclad today do so as part of their spiritual practice. As one witch I know said it, “You’re naked to symbolize your freedom. If you’re not free, then wear your clothes.” That resonated with me, even though I don’t work skyclad.
Specifically, the charge of the goddess says “free from slavery”
Nice
Again? Come on, I didn’t go through high school with this same ass shirt just for it to happen again. Protect our kids
Hey my friends have as little self-control as I do
There’s a reason only selective covens do skyclad, and it’s because gross perverts wanna see people naked. That’s also why covens - as compared to, say, a group of witches who do ritual together - only step into a circle with perfect love and perfect trust. If you don’t trust that guy, don’t do it!
“we want to pander to moderates, and white women are a swing vote”
Yeah, sure, but charging people with a murder they didn’t commit - such as in your robber case - is also bullshit and should be done away with.
Oof
Maybe longform meditation will help you make more specific visuals?
Fine, but that doesn’t change my point
Except my point is that they shouldn’t be charged with anything but the crime they actually committed
That’s a wide statement that could have many different nuances that largely aren’t applicable to what I’m saying. For example, if someone swerved to avoid an accident and hits someone, they are often still culpable. But if if there’s an accident and the second car loses control and hits someone, that’s definitely the first car’s fault. I just don’t consider them to be comparable situations.
But that example isn’t even comparable. In that example, the person pushing is trying to hurt the victim. This isn’t about justice, this is trying to add as many charges as possible onto the perpetrator as a tactic to get a conviction and/or force a plea bargain. It’s actually a huge issue in our mass incarceration problem in the US.
I don’t think the shooter should be charged with the child’s murder in that case, either, unless the prosecution can prove that the shooter was trying to get the child shot. Child endangerment and neglect, sure.
Because I don’t consider the fetus to be a victim. I consider her, the pregnant person, to be the victim. Feticide laws should exist to add protection to pregnant people and for no other reason.
It’s not that they technically didn’t do it, it’s technically they made this happen. But we shouldn’t charge based on that.
Except in the back robber example, someone dies who the perps specifically *aren’t* trying to harm.
&gt; her criminal action led to someone being shot and killed 1. No one died. She suffered a miscarriage. 2. She shouldn’t be charged for that.
That doesn’t mean that they killed the kid or that they should be charged.
No. That’s the same thing as treating the pregnant woman like an incubator. I’m completely against this, or charging pregnant people for child abuse for actions they took while pregnant. It literally creates a precedent for fetuses having legal personhood.
&gt; But what the rule does is force you to enter the pool wearing something that you wouldn’t wear out in public. *laughs in Californian*
Read the article.
I wouldn’t call them trolls if they’re propagandists
What are you trying to say?
You can’t relax chemically treated hair.
I thought this was a BDSM joke until I saw what sub this was posted in
Me picking out a man to date
Finally some good fucking memes
Having boobs does not make these 10 year olds look any older, I promise
Yeah when I visited my abuelos’ ranch my mom warned me not to flush toilet paper
Same when I had rats! My rats would literally chase them around the room.
That’s how I feel about Bible stuff being posted here
What are you asking? Martin heavily based ASOIF off of Britain and uses older English a lot. Also that episode came out long after many of us read Harry Potter... so how are these things related?
It’s also pronounced completely different
Most people descended from slaves are descended from slave owners 🤔🤔🤔🤔
Forced assimilation is wrong.
NTA.
Passing down your culture isn’t virtue signaling.
You’re telling me guys don’t get scrotal dandruff?
I have to admit that’s kind of sad
Believe it or not my decision had nothing to do with other people.
With that title it’s better suited for that sub
You have several problems here: He thinks that if you guys have separate finances, you get no input on how he spends his money. That is not an acceptable attitude in a marriage. You think he’s punishing you by doing this. Regardless of whether or not that’s true, the fact that you feel this way is indicative of larger problems. His response to your constructive criticism is worrisome. It seems like he doesn’t value your opinions as equal to his. The fact that he’s trying to turn this around like *you* did something wrong by changing your mind is, at best, manipulative. You’re allowed to change your mind. I wouldn’t say break up with this guy immediately, but I do recommend you guys get some pre-marital counseling because it sounds like you guys have very different ideas on how to run your lives and about what the purpose of a marriage is and what your roles in it will be.
Leftover chili can be put on pasta if you’re Like That or just want to eat Cincinnati’s delicacy You can also add some beef stock, carrots, and a grain like barley or rice to make soup
*Jean Dark
They didn’t teach us anything about her when I did French in high school 10 years ago or when I did French in college this year.
She wasn’t 15 when she got pregnant.
&gt; we don’t have exact dates Her birthday was in September, three months ago. She’s four months pregnant. They’re been hooking up since June. And the younger you are the more the age difference matters. 14 year olds shouldn’t be having sex at all. Ever. It’s not normal, it’s not okay.
Your whole top paragraph is a mess. That is not what four months along means. It is not used that way at all. She wasn’t old enough to drive anything other than a bicycle. She isn’t old enough to vote. Children as young as 9 can be tried for crimes. I don’t trust a 16 year old to be emotionally honest with a 14 year old partner and empower that partner to set boundaries. I don’t think a 14 year old can give meaningful consent. Nothing you can say will convince me otherwise.
Better the song than a man amirite
That absolves no one
Yeah he built an entire mansion for his porcelain. If some billionaire did that today we’d be seeing #eattherich memes about it
It won’t be widespread, but it will be a problem.
That’s not my experience. I would love to hear your side!
Dismiss? Nobody “dismisses” historical figures because they were a piece of shit. Nobody says “George Washington wasn’t important; he owned slaves.” The ignorant you’re warning against say “We can not acknowledge or celebrate their positive influence because of their bad actions.” The ignorant like you say “There is no reason to scrutinize them by today’s morals because I personally see no value in having an honest and complex view of these people or how that view might affect society today.”
Yeah, that’s why we should kill and eat them
In French, yes, in English, no.
And Mexico rejoiced!
Again, I’m just describing my experience. But the Wikipedia page, while it tries to explain it, does do a very good job. You’d have to pull up both pages for a real difference perhaps? Because what it says just boils down to “the flavor profile is different” which while valid enough to make it a different dish than chili con carne, isn’t enough to remove it from the slightly wider umbrella of chili, which includes things like vegetarian chilis or chili’s with beans etc.
You’re a silly fellow. It’s easy enough to say “Well those actions were wrong, even if most people didn’t think it was wrong at the time.” It’s easy to condemn those actions. You’re so worried that we will do this but you haven’t actually named anything bad that happens because of it or why it’s wrong. Not to mention you’re ignoring the fact that there were people who disagreed at the time. There were people who stopped and said “Doing this is wrong.” So what is bad about saying “Abraham Lincoln did a good thing by abolishing slavery but his ideas about expelling all freed slaves to Africa were objectively racist.” Nothing! It hurts nobody and furthermore it actually helps people today. If we acted like his racism takes away from his abolition, that would be a bad thing. But you’re acting like his abolition takes away from his racism, and it doesn’t. The correct view is to look at both things and acknowledge them as truth.
Yes, I have. That’s why I’m referring to my experience with it. Granted I haven’t had any since I moved away from the Midwest, but yeah. And if you’re saying it’s not really a chili I don’t think the idea that it’s used as a sauce is particularly compelling. I did find the consistency to be very similar to chili con carne but not similar to most chili’s (because of the beans).
I honestly don’t see a difference between those two scenarios you describe in the top paragraph. Was Jefferson a piece of shit slave owner and rapist? Hell yes he was. Does that diminish how he shaped this country? Absolutely not. Did it influence how he shaped this country? Oh for sure. We can applaud the good effects he had and the innovation and also be critical of it. In fact I think we have a duty to do so. I think it’s ridiculous to think that judging dead people by so-called modern morals is unfair. Unfair to whom? Dead people? Who cares? It literally doesn’t matter? As for the modern morals, that is not a blanket statement that should be made as it has very little to stand on. There are some that are very modern and wholly irrelevant to the time, such as homophobia. But the specific example I named was an extreme centrist view at the time. If we judge him by the abolitionist views of the day, he was a racist. The best argument you could make is that the specific morals should be taken on a case by case basis rather than encouraging an ahistorical generalization of what the morals were at the time.
I don’t see how this comment applauds centrism. This comment is about how political strongholds create political diversity in candidates.
Except it is important. It’s the only way to have an honest look at historical figures and at history.
I just can’t understand why grade “inflation” is a bad thing. If they did this amount of work at this quality, then why does it matter what other people in the class got?
Most Americans have never left the country. In America being able to travel and getting a passport is gatekept pretty hard. Combine that with some other factors: 1. The economic racism that keeps many Latinos in the lower classes. 2. The political climate that is currently making traveling between Mexico and the US more difficult. 3. The longer a family has been here, the less connected to any family in Mexico they will be, changing the type of visit that could occur. On top of that, visiting Mexico is... well, it’s just plain old not a good metric for how “Mexican” they are. There are children of Dreamers whose parents can’t return and they’re more connected to homeland culture than a 5th gen who goes to Cabo once a year. A 3rd gen who cooks a lot of authentic recipes and celebrates cultural holidays is more connected than a 1st gen who was put in the foster care system after their parents were deported, even if that 1st gen speaks Spanish.
Let me tell you, 200-250 is *not* hefty. Not even approaching Henry VIII levels.
If someone’s nickname is Fat _____, I expect them to be pushing 300. The actress they got for Fat Walda was definitely not a pound below that.
That’s not arbitrary. If you’re not willing or able to put in the work that goes into sex, you shouldn’t be having sex. Because at that point you’re treating a person like a sex toy, and not in the kinky way.
As long as you know she also has marriage in mind, keep it a surprise.
Because it’s not subjective. What constitutes foreplay is subjective. It can be physical or psychological but it has to happen. You need to be able to be honest about what you are able to give and what you are willing to give and what you want to give and what you are okay giving - because those are all separate things - and more importantly you need to be honest about it with your partner. You need to be able to listen to the same from your partner and work to find solutions that help both of you. And if you can’t do that, then you should not be having sex. No exceptions.
Lots of people don’t want to be friends after breaking up. Usually it’s a policy and not something specific against you. Don’t take that part personally. Wallow in your grief and then move on.
It’s not even an apology.
It’s not an apology without the words “I’m sorry” or “I apologize”.
Hey some people are incapable of visualization, and that’s okay! There are other ways to achieve magic.
I think it was clear that TLJ used a lot of plot elements that Abrams originally set up for RoS.
The template is the timing. The contents are the basic requirements of an apology.
I don’t think those are mutually exclusive concepts. There were things in RoS that were reused from TLJ - rather than just built off of - that make me think Rian Johnson was told these things were supposed to happen.
Just one letter off from BOO Which is what this product deserves
You are completely right! It would be reasonable, I think, to ask that children leave the reception by a certain time. Best of both worlds!
You know what? This is a perfect reading for a 2 year old.
The name of the product is literally Bro
But it’s not about who uses it, but who it’s marketed for and why.
The name is Bro. The bar is a four in one. It specifically mentions beards. Those are all marketing techniques geared towards men.
Tell him he can’t touch. They’re yours after all!
I already don’t like regular lasagna or cottage cheese and the thought of combining them made me shudder. But like Why would you cry over food you don’t like??? It’s food? Go to McDonald’s and suck it up
I don’t eat melted cheese it nauseates me
They would never be so gauche as to put this in the invitation
It means there’s only one toilet inside
I’m not even 30 and I know women my age who were told this.
Thanks!
This is highly dependent on where you are, but luckily that’s not something I’ve ever encountered.
Pasta is just wet bread
Burritos are Mexican crêpes
Hey I did work out on Day 3 (with a well deserved rest in the hot tub after) and you were right! I was way less sore on Day 4! Thank you so much!
Sounds like your uncle got the better deal.
On a scale of “fires employees for having an emergency” to “gives employees a raise to cheer them up”, how good is your boss?
I will have to take your word on how it tastes
No homo?
Yeah, sure, that’s true. There’s also diaspora culture which has its own authentic dishes going on.
Literally. All Shakespeare is poetry.
I literally used to think that egg noodles were made from egg with no flour
You will look great either way!
That is almost it. Babies aren’t babbling because their mouth can’t make the correct sounds and this is what comes out. Babies babble because they can’t make the right sounds and they are practicing in order to build up those muscles. This is the same reason they start scribbling before they learn letter forms. However, the scribbling phase is often much longer because of how much later children learn letter forms, the scribbling often turns into children’s attempts to imitate prints. Furthermore, once children learn letterforms, they often approximate spelling based off of how words sound. This is actually great evidence for linguists to track pronunciation rules in different accents. On top of that, current research indicates that imaginary spelling like this is actually an important part of literary development and issues with it can even help diagnose dyslexia.
[Here you go!](https://fbwat.ch/1ZxVuxPdv5xvIpbD)
I guess they weren’t united
#SCHWING
I seriously read that as French Braid law and for some reason was expecting some weird US Law
Ferda!
For me I wouldn’t want so many different kinds of meats because I wouldn’t want the flavors to muddle together. But it’s not my sandwich.
Sometimes both parents have to work the next day.
You should ask Iranians from Iran, you should ask Iranians from America. Iranians in Iran don’t face racism from the movie industry, the government, or the school system for being Iranian, but Iranian-Americans do.
I definitely pronounce the L in psalm.
Repost
Girls don’t cry during movies because it’s cute. Furthermore it’s not cute when girls cry during movies. Whether or not someone cries during a movie is an interaction between their empathy and their emotional investment in the movie. It’s not attractive or unattractive.
I think you have that backwards
“No attraction to other genders” is one more step than “attraction to same sex”, when most of these memes are built on “expectation of heterosexuality”
That would be a separate step altogether
According to etymonline: 1. cardigan - names after the 7th Earl of Cardigan, Cardigan being an anglicized version of the Welsh Ceredigion, meaning “Ceredig’s Island” 2. Corgi - means “dwarf dog” in Welsh 3. Crockery - crock + ery. Crock comes from Old English. Ery comes from Middle English. Neither of those roots have any relation to Welsh. 4. Dad - does not descend from Welsh. Most parental names come from universal children’s babble. However Welsh does have a similar word, tad. 5. Flannel - comes from Middle English but Welsh before that. 6. London - comes from Latin Londinium 7. Penguin - unknown, but a Welsh origin and a Latin origin have both been proposed. 8. Adder - comes from West Saxon 9. Bard - comes from Old Celtic (from Scottish) 10. Avon - from Celtic
That’s because it’s not true
You inspired me to fact check the whole thing. Most of it is bunk.
Yup
That doesn’t mean anything in etymology.
0/10 trolling not worth the effort to type it
He is gaslighting you. When he tells you lies by omission don’t exist? Gaslighting. When he says that if you loved him enough it wouldn’t matter? That is emotional abuse. When he doesn’t let you take medication because *he* isn’t comfortable with it? That’s medical abuse.
There is nothing they could have done, at that time and at that age, to stop slavery. But they were still able to free slaves.
They weren’t trying to end slavery. You’re missing the point of their actions.
Look OP he already said he doesn’t believe he will marry you regardless of if you get the tattoo. EDIT: &gt; “You won’t have to worry because we won’t make it to that point.”
The money didn’t do any damage. It’s nothing. A boycott would do a similar nothing. As for net good, that doesn’t actually matter. If it matters to you, sure. Whatever. But don’t pretend you live that way all the time or that anyone else has to place the same value in it.
That’s like saying buying a single McDouble padded McDonald’s bottom line. It didn’t.
Hi OP I’ve noticed that cultures where it snows a lot tend to not wear shoes inside and places where it doesn’t snow will wear shoes inside
The south is shoes on.
That doesn’t allow OP to escape from the very real consequences of marriage and divorce
I mean this advice doesn’t always apply. It really depends on what you’re smoke-cleansing for.
There isn’t room in the shelters. I talked to a guy on the streets yesterday. No room.
When other characters say the n-word, censor it, but when your black character says the n-word, don’t censor it
And? The San Bernardino shooter was half Asian and a white nationalist.
Either Eve Polastri or Villanelle. I can’t complain ^or ^^I’ll ^^^get ^^^^stabbed
I was shocked that Regina is pronounced like that
Just like the name. Think Mean Girls Regina George. That’s how we pronounce Regina all the time (like when it’s a title).
No la compre los EEUU... no se permite vender nada con cosas incomibles dentro de comida. ~~~ *Please correct my Spanish so I can learn.*
They don’t need to be wooded. We have plenty of coyotes here in the desert.
Just because *you’re* not attracted to non-binary people doesn’t mean you get to enforce your personal definition of bisexual into other people. Same with pansexuals and their “gender doesn’t factor” definition - that’s not true for all pansexuals, stop spreading misinformation.
You should start by apologizing.
[Here you go!](http://binetusa.blogspot.com/2014/01/1990-bi-manifesto.html?m=1)
I brought up pansexuals Yayy because it’s a similar situation that’s relevant to my point. But no, that’s not the definition of bisexuality and it hasn’t been for longer than I’ve been alive.
I disagree I absolutely don’t want to be able to comment on these posts. The comments allowed on AITA aren’t as restrictive as those on r/legaladvice so a meta-subreddit is not necessary.
Lots of people don’t make their own comment, only upvote or downvote what they agree or disagree with.
It’s okay for that to be your definition for your sexuality. But that’s not the definition of the word, and that’s not how [bisexuals have defines themselves as a community](http://binetusa.blogspot.com/2014/01/1990-bi-manifesto.html?m=1) since at least 1990.
If you wanna self-exclude, that’s okay. But that’s what’s happening: you are excluding yourself. If you want a community where everyone experiences sexuality the same way you do rather than a community that bonds over the similarities in your experience, that’s fine too, but I don’t think such a community exists. None of the communities under the LGBT+ umbrella are so, and the heterosexual community certainly isn’t.
You are definitely part of it, inescapably, even if you don’t participate.
NTA but you should know the Petrovich isn’t a middle name. It’s a patronym and it means “son of Pyotr/Peter”.
That’s what the word means.
Canada doesn’t have right to work laws, so they can’t just fire him for no reason.
OP’s fiancé expects “ladies in gown”
That’s a good pun! But it especially works because if the cultural/religious tradition of “jumping the broom”
She’s on satellite! She has her own channel I think
That’s not a healthy or adult way to deal with insecurities. YTA.
That’s how it *should* be (as well as allowing for pant-suits and ladies’ suits which are not the same) but that’s not the reality of the rule or people’s expectations when they set those rules.
The blood goes through the vagina. The vagina cleans itself and should not be exposed to soap or douching. So yeah... he has licked that pot. EDIT: kicked to licked
Thanks for finding my typo
It might not be the awakeness - in California, nap time ratio is only when all children are on their mats, even if all of the children are awake.
Is your school able to provide extra staff so that you can use waking ratio instead of nap time ratio?
Yeismo, ceceo
English doesn’t have a good word for mijo, pobrecito, mamasita/papasito
Instead of Yukon, try sweet potatoes or yams
Pill bottle lids already have an anti-child design. And there isn’t a real reason for anti-theft since anything dangerous is prescription only.
Probably because they misread the OP - when the GF says being with OP isn’t enough, that doesn’t mean she can’t orgasm without OP. It could simply mean that she wants to masturbate and need porn to get off solo. However with the added information of multiple times a day, it sounds like the GF does have a problem.
Bisexual men &lt;— bisexual women &lt;— straight men
Did you do a house cleansing before you started moving in? I usually smoke cleanse with sage or palo santo, then do a sigil (in water) over every entrance or exit (including windows and places where pipes enter or exit, like showers, tubs, sinks, toilets). I usually make my own sigil. You don’t have to use a specific method; it can be a nonsense symbol or a pentacle or letter.
I know what they mean. But you can’t really use them the same way.
What is your admin suggesting/doing to support you?
Herne the Hunter is one
You can overdose on water. Being able to overdose on something doesn’t make it dangerous.
Very good tip I personally recommend M&amp;Ms and Hershey’s chocolate syrup
I like ‘em chunky
They’re not errors, they’re phenomena. I understand the reason why they don’t exist in English, but if you’re studying linguistics at all, particularly Spanish-language movements, then having a word can be important.
Time away from her family.
She’s the bisexual one too
Hey it’s written in Russian, not Cyrillic - the difference being that if you wrote “fuck war” in Cyrillic it would be a transliteration and look like «фак вар». Also it wasn’t written that way specifically to avoid censorship. This was during their Eurovision days and they wore this for just about every performance, even the ones in Russia where it *was* censored.
Compare &gt; I’d rather not split groceries with you guys because we don’t really eat the same foods. to &gt; I only buy *healthy* foods. You guys buy *frozen* foods and *junk* foods for when you have friends over or you have the *munchies*.
I mean, “asexual” in this case is completely unrelated to the sexual orientation. I even think that parthenogenesis is starting to be more commonly used instead of “asexual reproduction”.
She was raised by a creep. She has no idea that this behavior is not acceptable.
Definitely not.
I agree that he is repulsive, but that doesn’t negate my point that his presence in her life has seriously skewed her views of what is appropriate. However, this doesn’t mean you have to put up with it or that her behavior is okay.
You’re doing great and I’m so happy for you!
What can you expect from a company that clearly used Google Translate for the Spanish section - the proper acronym is EEUU, because in Spanish when something is plural, you use two letters for the initials.
It means “end thread” as in, “This is it, this is the answer and nobody else needs to reply because this is so correct”
I disagree. Polyamory is not a catch-all term for non-monogamy. There are people who feel that, for them, being polyamorous is an orientation on the same level as their sexual and romantic orientations. However, this only applies to the term *polyamorous* and not *polyamory* (though not everyone who is polyamorous feels this way about themselves). Polyamory is a specific *consensual* non-monogamous practice. There are other consensual non-monogamous practices. While you might often see it described as ethical non-monogamy, there are plenty of people who practice in a way that is consensual but unethical, and it is not only disingenuous to claim they’re not really part of the community and dangerous to newcomers, but it also invalidates the victims and isolates them from a community that should be creating support systems and resources for them. Just because someone’s oriented as polyamorous doesn’t make their actions polyamory.
I think you missed something. That something is this: u/nruthh &gt; Cheating is not poly u/osskyw2 &gt; Cheating doesn’t mean *she* isn’t poly The top quote says she is not practicing polyamory by cheating. The second says that she is polyamorous (as an orientation, in this context). These two concepts are not mutually exclusive. Polyamory is a practice, polyamorous *can* describe an orientation.
Citrus fruits in general can have two interactions with medication: making it too effective (and potential overdose) or making it less effective. Grapefruit is the only fruit that can do both effects. Please look up grapefruit interactions for medication, people! (Also: it wouldn’t effect IUDs because you don’t digest them.)
Make sure you’re eligible for maternity leave protections and payment since you’re part time. And don’t be afraid to ask for a chair - all of my coworkers who have been pregnant needed a chair at some point.
This is when I cried
Remember Andrew Jackson did the Trail of Tears even after the Supreme Court and Congress told him he couldn’t?
Imagine thinking cheddar is yellow when it’s clearly orange
Are we forgetting about Thomas Seymour?
You need to figure out what’s best for you and best for your baby. If this is a baby you wanted, do not give it up for anyone else. Adoption can be traumatizing for birth mothers, especially if it’s not something they wanted to do in the first place. Your girlfriend’s demands are coming from a place of pain and hurt, but that does not make it an acceptable or reasonable demand.
And that’s true because we’re not talking about types of diets within it. We are specifically talking about it’s effectiveness at losing weight.
You don’t eat the flames when you are cremated.
Who wants pancakes that aren’t plate sized?
I mean, there is no Latin race but yeah
I’m in CA and I find Costco produce to be fairly expensive compared to just about anywhere else. We only buy gas and a few other staples: butter, pesto, toilet paper, paper towels, and sometimes other processed foods.
There are genetic differences between groups, but they are not actually part of “race” or even “ethnicity”.
I’m from here... born in 92... never seen it.
Hey combination of clitoral stimulation and penetration did it for me. Specifically with a toy that uses suction pressure to stimulate the clit.
Did you drop your /s??
It’s not normal, but unless there’s some kind of proof or test to prove they’re potty trained, nothing is going to be done to screen for it. What are you doing to potty-train these kids?
Great for Halloween and better than any weddings at a plantation!
OP doesn’t really have a choice; this is the situation they have been put in by their admin and by the parents.
I think you have confused what I actually said for something else.
That doesn’t mean they aren’t bisexual. It just means that people who are attracted to non-binary people are still included under the bisexual label.
Hi, second generation pagan here (with second gen friends!). My parents raised me and my siblings completely openly and eventually we got curious about paganism and Wicca. For the four of us, It’s 3-1 Wiccan:atheist.
DNA tests are not infallible. [Here is just one example of how.](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2016/06/a-reasonable-doubt/480747/)
I think you forgot how a large chunk of the US used to be Mexico
And this meme doesn’t imply that
You’re clearly not paying attention. Look at the other countries. This is not a list of shit the Us currently owns. This is a list of places the US has or has attempted to colonize. The US successfully did so with Mexico.
Sure we did bud, sure we did.
It was when the US declared war, but the events leading up to armed conflict begin much earlier than that and don’t really paint the US at the time in a good light.
So how it was taught to me is that a bunch of Americans moved to Mexico, got pissed that they didn’t have American rights while in Mexico, and then declared independence, eventually being annexed by the US while the US was heavy into Manifest Destiny. It’s not as if a bunch of Mexicans declared independence from Mexico.
Sometimes it just comes down to chemistry and dynamic. The hair-pulling doesn’t take place in the same contexts, and for her it’s only enjoyable in certain contexts and not all. The reason this makes you feel insecure is because emotionally you are reacting to it as a rejection of you and your chemistry with your partner. So that’s what needs reassurance.
So what’s your point? That it shouldn’t be referenced in a history meme about stealing stuff even though that’s exactly what happened? Particularly when that general meme has been micro’d to discuss imperialism, which is exactly what happened?
That’s a lot to unpack here but what I’m hearing is that you have nothing by relevant to say about the historical accuracy of the meme itself and are now trying to move onto other arguments that have nothing to do with the original discussion.
55+ communities are absolutely vital. The elderly are one of the most vulnerable populations for several reasons. These communities exist to give this vulnerable population affordable independent housing that they otherwise wouldn’t be able to get. And this is for people are are living fully independently. It’s even worse if they need any kind of health assistance or caregiving. Medicare doesn’t cover housing.
You’re right that sounds like a abuse of the purpose of 55+ communities. I’m glad it isn’t happening that way out here. Out here most of them are rentals.
As a Mexican, our working class people are some of the hardest workers and we still don’t give a shit about punctuality.
WalMart isn’t a grocery store. You can’t buy guns at grocery stores.
No, assisted living is actually a different category.
It’s the truth. How and when Americans get and buy food is fairly different than most European countries. WalMart sells guns in their sporting section. They also sell baseball bats and camping tents. They sell computers in their electronics section, engagement rings in their jewelry section, bras in their clothing section, and seeds in their gardening section. Grocery stores don’t have all those sections.
Liquor and toys are normal in a grocery store in the US, as well as cards, pet supplies, toiletries, and cleaning supplies. Having a food section does not mean that a store is a grocery store. The idea that you can buy a gun at a grocery store is a myth that needs to be corrected without shying away from the fact that gun purchases are very accessible in the US. WalMart is a department store. They have specifically set out to make themselves the place where you can buy just about anything. Is it wild and crazy that they sell guns there? Yeah, actually. But it’s not on the same level as “they sell guns at grocery stores... for no reason. Guns don’t belong at a grocery store!” No, rifling and shooting are not only fairly common sports in the states, but hunting is a fairly common camping activity and it wouldn’t be out of place to find rifles (which is what Walmart sells, not handguns) at a sports store or a camping store.
I completely agree.
This works for babies - the mother’s immune system can boost the baby’s through breast milk. But it won’t help the mom’s because it’s already her own immune system.
Do you have statistics on this?
Why does this child feel like his life is out of control?
When I was growing up the last line was “Now it’s time for another meal”
I don’t think that applies to landlords who live with their tenants. Most anti-discrimination housing laws don’t. EDIT: It says right in your source, that law doesn’t apply to owner-occupied buildings with four or fewer rental units or to single-family homes with the owner owns 3 or fewer.
Where in from, chili without beans is “not worth my time”
Chicago by Sufjan Stevens
I work somewhere where this doesn’t happen. I’ve worked at places where it did. Good bosses are out there.
W/ assisted living is exactly *not* what we are talking about. Assisted living is extremely expensive.
Aromantic isn’t, on its own, part of that spectrum. Some aromantic people don’t want any sort of relationship that resembles dating, but some do, and those relationships are called queer-platonic relationships, or QPRs. There are aromantic people (like myself) who work within the polyamorous community, and some aromantic people might prefer the label polyaffectionate.
Among the aromantic spectrum, we actually do have that distinction and have several orientations that specify desire for those relationships or lack of desire for those relationships. However I don’t know that we have the vocabulary for that dimension itself.
I mean, it get translated as faggot, but it’s literally the masculine for “bitch”. It is homophobic, don’t get me wrong. But the translation isn’t quite right.
That’s how it will work for their kids, but I don’t think that’s what the term means, actually. I don’t think “immediate family” is a term that ever gets dropped except for divorce. Immediate family is a person’s children, siblings, parents, and spouses. Extended family is grandparents, grandchildren, aunts/uncles/parsibs, nieces/nephews/niblings, cousins. There’s definitely a case to be made that a person’s immediate family doesn’t include in-laws, but I don’t think that argument holds water when discussing a couple.
For whatever language you’re learning, go to Wikipedia and look up that language’s orthography and phonology pages. Most languages have separate pages for these, and they link to the IPA sounds they make. EDIT: Also Duolingo the website has grammar tips and tricks before the lesson - they might have the alphabet as well.
What aspect of the conversation are you having the most trouble with?
Since we are being nit picky, the extra- in this case does not mean “in addition to”, though that is the context it creates. It means “not”.
I’m not arguing about “extracurricular”. I agree that the definition could be described either way. But that is not what the extra- in extracurricular means. Extra- means “not”. That’s all.
I think their point is that it’s not a good primary tool.
Yup! Parsib comes from parent-sibling whereas nibling comes from sibling and the n from niece/nephew.
I wouldn’t say there is one god-tier tool over all others, but I would say there are certain requirements: * explains grammar (especially irregulars) * has a wide variety of vocabulary * has balanced vocabulary (eg. nouns, verbs, adjectives, adverbs, etc) * has good examples of conversation Duolingo is not particularly good because of its crowdsourced nature, however it does allow the opportunity to practice. Books designed to learn Russian tend to be better than apps, and there are some websites I have found that are alright but don’t necessarily provide as much practice. And of course, books, music, and TV shows are absolutely paramount to comprehension, pronunciation, slang, etc.
I don’t think it’s just that he is now physically attracted to her. I think it’s that before, he treated her like a complete non-entity. He had absolutely no interest in even being her friend before.
You did not overreact, but I think you should hold off. Have you or your fiancé, at any point, approached his parents with your issues and sought to actually resolve them? Because if you have not, then you are not problem-solving, you are problem-escalating.
Those are not corn on the cobs.
Yes, I know???
Have you applied for any welfare or government benefits at all? I know this is a basic question and it won’t solve all your problems, but just the process of applying can get you in front of someone who might know more resources available to you.
The chef is in the right.
No man look at the What I Ate Yesterday: Philippe Stark &gt; there is a hint of sex in the truffle There is *hwat*
I think in this case, rather than calling to the Triple Goddess, I would recommend the Four Faces of the Goddess: the Maiden, the Mother, the Crone, and the Dark One. Usually in Wicca, the role of the Dark One (domain of death, she who takes our leavings and ushers is away from this life and into the next, she who gives us succor after this world) is taken over by the God.
[Here you go!](https://www.torrid.com/clothing/wedding-shop/wedding-dresses/)
Red in California
I don’t think they’re asking for themselves.
I don’t think it was.
Math wise, it comes out to the same number. EDIT: If you tax them at the same percentage (which is what this question sounds like since it specifically asks about items that have the same THC content) then it doesn’t matter if you add them up before you multiply for tax or after. Example (50 + 50) x 1.1 = 110 (50 x 1.1) + (50 x 1.1) = 110 In this example, the 1.1 means the cost of the items at a 10% tax.
I did not ask about the downvotes.
If you feel that way.
The one used in burritos/tacos. We get the word from Mexican food, even though salsa is just Spanish for sauce - similar to sombrero meaning a specific hat in English, but it just means hat in Spanish. That being said, there are many kinds of salsa that vary in ingredients and spiciness. I think the regular pasta sauce you’re talking about is what Americans call marinara sauce (or tomato sauce, spaghetti sauce). And bell peppers, while not out of place in a marinara sauce in America, are not one of the basic ingredients and aren’t usually in the kind you might buy at the grocery store. Also, the word for albahaca in English is basil!
Not to mention vasectomies have a way better success rate.
I responded to a situation I believed occurred. People do this every day. People are mistaken every day. It’s not a big deal.
You can feel that way if you want to.
I suggest you worry about it less than I do.
If that’s your interpretation of events, that’s okay.
I’m not, but sure
That doesn’t make her an asshole. And while he has the right, saying so *does* make him an asshole.
She didn’t ruin his life. He knew OP wasn’t his from the start. Read OP’s first post.
Username checks out
Reminds me of the cut-sleeve boys
That’s what makes it such a perfect comparison.
Pee is stored in the balls
Black people we’re zoo exhibits in Belgium so maybe it’s a bit more complicated than that
Studying is not as important as practicing, and practicing is a lot more than just casting. Meditation, cooking, gardening, observing and studying nature, hiking, etc can all be important to your craft as you choose.
I have actually met someone who preferred no pronouns. You just had to use the name (which I have forgotten since it was so long ago).
That’s not even how the credit works for children. Parents can claim their children up until they are 24.
Actually mashina with a Ш.
Жаль is like “Oh how sad!” or “What a pity!” Which... honestly is how we use “too bad” in English depending on the severity of the situation and the formality with the person we are speaking to. But the word “normal” is definitely in there.
That’s intentional - the Willendorf Venus is our oldest depiction of a deity.
If you say it in the right tone, it’s fine.
Is there a difference?
Okay, thank you!
Being a part of the pagan community, I can tell you they are *very* serious.
I *think* grandparents can be made to pay child support for a certain number of years, but this is jurisdiction-heavy.
A saddle that can allow you to tame any beast large enough to ride so long as the saddle stays on A doorknob which, while in the locked position, is portable, and while in the unlocked position, treats the material behind it as a door. This allows you to open walls or floors or ceilings etc. A lasso that can make the encircled being tell the truth (even if that being is not corporeal). A skeleton key to all the bank vaults in the city. A cloudy orb that, when cast into the sky, can change the weather to the precipitation of choice for the next 24 hours. A knife that can kill a god (DM’s choice if it is general or specific).
Holy shet
Don’t recommend marital counseling to people being abused. It only helps the abuser further abuse the victim.
It doesn’t matter because you start on a knuckle each time
Anglos: ¿JA-BLAS IN-GLEIS???
Native Americans in Mexico don’t accept that mestizo Mexicans are Native American via our indigenous blood.
When would it have come up?
You’re totally right but it’s also entirely possible that he didn’t know at that point. Either way, this is OP’s own account of how it all happened and she does not come off well here.
Doing so automatically and without question is not a healthy response and it’s not an okay expectation in a relationship. “I’m not comfortable with you doing that, so you can’t do it” is not a healthy expectation when it comes to your partner’s relationships with other people. What comes next is not blind acceptance OR outright refusal but an actual discussion about the feelings behind those boundaries. Does OP think the actions being performed are themselves inappropriate? Is OP insecure? Is OP jealous about the amount of time being spent together? Is OP jealous that she herself doesn’t have friendships since they have moved to this new city? Does OP have events in her past that make her particularly distrustful of her husband? Does her husband have a history of bad behavior? Etc. Just because OP has a problem with what’s happening doesn’t mean that what’s happening is wrong or bad, it could equally mean that something within OP needs healing or mental reframing. HOWEVER, we don’t know how these conversations went. We don’t know if OP did the emotional work and was outright rejected by husband. This breakdown in communications could have been equally contributed to by OP’s husband or even wholly his fault - though I find that last scenario to be quite unlikely considering he was the one who suggested counseling.
Knowing someone else’s sexual orientation is *not* the kind of secret that should even cause a fight between married couples.
Someone else brought this up. If you want to see my response, it’s right up there!
Hey now, we have more Spanish speakers than any other country but Mexico.
It doesn’t have to be Americans, the government is still pretty racist
Except even that won’t work because not everyone will use it all the time. How often do you use GPS to drive to work? To go to the grocery store? People who know where they are going don’t use GPS, particularly if it’s a short drive.
Well the point isn’t just to monitor traffic but also to solve it by directing cars away from it. This doesn’t solve that. And the cars don’t have to report their individual position; traffic can be measured by how fast or slow cars that *are* using GPS take to get where they are going and through what route.
You’re right, but it’s an important part of the original article and should be part of the discussion. The usefulness of having a public GPS rather than privatized is what is being criticized by my comment.
I don’t understand how you got that out of my comment. But no, I don’t. I also think that there’s a difference between “The government offers a version of Google Maps for free” and “I want the government to forcibly track everyone’s individual car”.
That’s neither here nor there.
I’m not criticizing the format itself, I’m saying it won’t do what the mathematicians are wanting it to do. Unification of the people using GPS isn’t enough.
Yes I agree.
The target tries to convert the caster to their religion of choice. The target tries to get the caster to join their MLM. The caster has to make a will save with a DC of 15. The target tries to buy the caster’s shoes. Budget of 10sp regardless of the value of the shoes. The target attempts to intimidate if refused.
That’s not necessarily true.
Life at first breath comes from Judaism, not Catholicism.
This looks super cool! And it might be useful in my next session.
No, thank *you*!
It helps me sleep at night to listen to it
Canadians should care - not in an “everyone should care” way, but because America is Canada’s closest ally. I’m an American and I try to keep up with major Canadian politics and have general opinions about Canadian elections (as well as Mexican and British - unfortunately I’m not as informed about French politics).
It doesn’t have to. It could be endorheic.
He was so young, and left behind an infant and a toddler along with his older children. His poor wife.
Oh no, their poor family. What a tragedy. Kobe was already young, but his daughter?
That’s very true. It’s not really something Canadians can do anything about.
Seconded! Specifically, for communicating with the child, I recommend learning “Say” (imperative, informal), “You want” (informal), “yes”, “no”, “good/well”, and “don’t do that” (imperative, informal).
Does this child speak European Portuguese or Brazilian Portuguese? Duolingo has Brazilian, but I don’t think they have European.
Awesome! It’s a lot easier to find resources for.
Dress code is typical as it can very wildly based on the wedding
If it doesn’t say “adults only”, how are they supposed to know?
You don’t just have to worry about people coming underdressed, but also overdressed.
Where I’m from, children’s names aren’t usually put on and children are usually an automatic invite *if* you are family.
It could also be cultural - I’m American, but I’m Mexican-American, and the cultural focus on family life is much more significant than in common American culture.
Any of them. I listen to a lot of them. Right now it’s CritCrab because I like DnD.
Playing the race card is divisive! It divides the racists from the empathetic.
How?
Thank you!
I’m going to write this down in my “Germany orchestrated the military coup in Bolivia” notebook.
Because this one doubles as a vibrator! And it can’t be inserted anally because there is no flared base
Most healthy women who menstruate have a consistent cycle. It does not have to be one month - before my IUD got put in, I was consistently every 5 weeks.
Poniatowski was literally Russia’s puppet monarch
The carbonation settles your stomach
If you have your players in a Discord chat you can just upload the relevant files
My family uses sprite
Absolutely, which is why he was chosen as their puppet
I would definitely talk to GF first about how to approach this issue. She may help find a workable solution.
You should note that I did not mention mediation. What I suggested is not mediation.
With the right players, these would be hilarious
That largely depends on your reasoning behind it being unreasonable. From one perspective, it might not be any different than telling your family or friends that an ex is off limits. From another perspective, it makes no sense to tell a straight man not to fuck another guy... in which case you agree with me: the context is what makes it bonkers. If you think it’s unreasonable because she is still with this guy, that’s not unreasonable that’s a symptom of her severe insecurities as well as larger issues at play and her methods of setting boundaries are unreasonable because she is refusing to address the underlying issues.
Oligarchy bad
Crispy duck and wilted leeks Fried carp and parsnip chips Tuna belly, red wine, and braised carrots
A blue moon is the third full moon in a season with four.
You can’t flush wipes, even the ones that say they are flushable, so should make extra trash can accommodations.
We always write “Extra” on diapers that the child had to borrow. Gets the point across.
You can’t go wrong with вы because it’s singular and plural
It was exactly like this with Ferguson. They didn’t change then.
She’s right tho
I should hope so... otherwise what the fuck am I attracted to?!
For casting cantrips as though you were in the space of an undead creature you control, does that have to be the same undead creature as the one within 30 feet of you?
Okay, maybe rework the wording to make that more explicit.
Yeah, that would be perfect
No
That’s not actually true. Because discrimination doesn’t work that way.
Sure, sure, but not for the reason you think
You think that if it doesn’t apply to every member of a race, then it’s not racism
I would call this “deconstructed butter chicken” lol
Even if she is being punished... she’s not blameless and she did you wrong by not telling you and by not setting firm boundaries and not, you know, staying up until 5 AM talking to your husband and then, when you expressed discomfort, telling you that you were crazy for thinking there was something inappropriate going on when she KNEW there was.
Happy Cake Day! Me too
It me
Look man if I read that in a post I would say “Ah yes, you have a meth-addict cousin or uncle...”
I remember when “binders full of women” and [this incident](https://images.app.goo.gl/WA6ugc5wwMVQXGab6) were combined to create [this meme](https://images.app.goo.gl/KRnLLRnukuVFPGdR9). The memes from that election were choice. [The original meme.](https://images.app.goo.gl/GociRRdvNtfzUdfE8) [This video, just because](https://youtu.be/whFBCIzwxp8)
No. I couldn’t sleep the night before the Supreme Court gave us marriage equality in 2015. I still remember every victory from when I came out (first to myself, then to my family) in 2005. And I remember the failures, too. I remember when I was in high school all of the suicides that were happening all over the country, and how that gave birth to the It Gets Better campaign and eventually The Trevor Project. I remember worrying if that was going to be me, if someone was going to decide to put me on their shit list and bully me and whether I could take it. No.
They should just not have gotten married. They have very different ideas on two very important issues.
“I want to buy and live in my family home” is not just what home to buy or a matter of taste, it’s a life plan that doesn’t offer a lot of compromise.
He’s American by birth, come on...
Ted is a nickname for Edward. You can’t be an immigrant *and* an anchor baby. His mother is American, which is exactly how he got his American citizenship.
Forgive me for not enjoying the joke, then. The prejudice behind it is too real for me.
Education is a right.
They had the opportunity to provide their children with better, and they chose not to because it would somehow be unfair to their other children who would be completely unaffected by the difference.
Just because it’s their legal right doesn’t make their choice morally correct. And honestly, it’s not a shitty thing to do for *young adults* who are losing absolutely nothing.
Mixed kid holiday!
You might have a point in the first paragraph if you guys were guests. You’re not guests. You’re family.
I think that’s a carry over of translating Russian style swearing to English. For example хуй
I mean, the initial tweet ain’t wrong
If there’s no beans, it’s not worth my time
Hey so I’m San Diegan. Carne asada fries tends to be classified as a Southern California regional dish. It usually contains: * carne asada (sautéed steak in the Mexican style) * fries (can be any kind, I prefer steak fries due to thickness) * cheese (not usually nacho cheese, due to the fact that taco shops don’t usually sell nacho cheese) * sour cream * guacamole Sometimes comes with: * pico de Gallo (tomatoes, onions, and cilantro all diced finely) * beans (if they don’t sell it with beans, I ask them to add it on... it’s delicious) * salsa (usually on the side - most taco shops have at least three salsas they provide as condiments) * jalapeños Personally I think they’re delicious and I definitely have my preferences for what I would and would not eat. But come on guys. This is fast food.
That’s funny; single women and widows who don’t remarry live longer than remarried widows.
No beans; not eating it
I mean a lot of places but right now I live near Señor Pancho’s in San Marcos so that’s my go-to
It’s food. It goes in your mouth.
Agreed
Heterosexuality (for both sexes).
You right, you right
I had one of those when I was younger! It was about 9 inches tall and came with my Barbie.
Preschool directors:
Good
Why do they need the police?
Let the bull dykes handle it
And as we all learned in 7th grade social studies, all angels go by the name Erika.
The tip doesn’t go to the restaurant though, it goes to the driver implored by DoorDash.
Having crushes on people who are unattainable - older people, teachers, celebrities, etc - is an important part of sexual development because it allows the child to explore their own sexuality 1. Without internalizing rejection, because there’s an exterior cause for the rejection and 2. Without the pressures of another party’s sexual desires.
Actually a lot of times children don’t see what’s wrong. This is common among girls as well.
Ah yes because Kamala I’m a Cop Harris is going to play well
Just the other day
Drier than the Sahara down there after hearing that
Seems like every other fantasy book I read, idgi?
I was not expecting that level of drama
This is really typical in the field, being forced into a room/age group you weren’t hired for and aren’t comfortable with.
When your nephew started feeding her, it turned into a type of playtime for them. Like playing house, but with actual food to eat. She understood that she is taking on her usual role, but that nephew is mimicking the adult/caretaker role modeled for him. It’s a great trick that can work very often; it’s basically peer pressure! lol
I would also like a link! These are beautiful!
Ultimately, this comes down to a professional choice, because this will affect your relationship with admin. You basically have 3 choices: 1. Go with it. Try to make the best by making comments or having conversations that you made this decision as part of your work ethic and cementing yourself in admin’s mind as someone reliable and dependable. 2. Refuse. Have a conversation with your admin that you weren’t hired for that age group and you don’t feel comfortable working with those children. Maybe start looking for another job. 3. Accept, but have a conversation with your admin that this is not a permanent position change, and you expect to be back at your comfortable age group after the next hire. Set boundaries and express that you understand they are in a pinch and you don’t mind helping out on a temporary basis. Try to cement yourself as someone flexible, but with personal professional goals
I’m glad I could help! #3 means that they might ask you again in the future. Continuing to accept *can* be a good stepping stone *if* you have the goal of eventually being admin **and** you believe that admin positions within your company (either at your location or other locations) will open up, and that admin will recommend you. This might also mean temporarily taking over lead teacher duties like assessments and curriculum. However, if your goal is to stay a teacher with your preferred age group, you should try to downplay the responsibilities given to you and consider what you would say the next time they may ask. Either way, definitely discuss what responsibilities will be delegated to you.
As someone who is mixed race myself (all my relationships are interracial lol... unless you’re Mexican-Polish) you need to decide how important it is to be accepted by your partner’s family. No, this isn’t the perfect relationship you wanted with potential in-laws, but people rarely have those. It is *okay* for familial racism to be a deal-breaker. It is okay to say “This is a problem I cannot handle.” Here are some questions you should ask yourself (and, eventually, your girlfriend): * If you two think children are in your futures, are you okay with your children never knowing their grandfather? * How will you handle holidays? * How will your girlfriend spend time with her family if you guys get married? When you live together? * Are you okay with never being able to share a part of your girlfriend’s life? * Is your girlfriend okay with her father not being present at a wedding or walking her down the aisle? * How will you two decide to handle pressure from her family to forgive her father and bow down to any wishes he might have (being part of the wedding, seeing grandchildren, coming alone to family gatherings)? * How much unconscious racism does your girlfriend have, and what has she done to unravel those biases and educate herself? * If she wants children, how does she plan to educate herself on raising multiracial children? Does she know how to handle different hair textures, different foods, how to talk about racism? How will you two explain to your children why grandpa isn’t around? How will you handle the potential emotional fallout they might have from that rejection? Are you both ready to field comments from other people (especially her family) that your kids “aren’t Black enough” for something (this legit has happened to me, but it was “you’re not Mexican enough”)? * If you want children, have you done research on raising multicultural children? On supporting your children’s white heritage? On laying claim to it? Have you worked through the idea that your children might come out white-passing, and what that might mean? There’s a lot to consider that you simply wouldn’t have to otherwise. It’s okay to not know the answer, and it’s okay to sit and honestly say “I don’t think I’m up to it” or “I need to educate myself and look introspectively before I decide.”
Then they’ll have to rent, won’t they?
They won’t need to find a huge place once the adult son moves out.
Why is that starburst two colors? What flavor is blue??
Send her a care package! Some of her favorite treats, something special, maybe decorate it a bit with a pun or something. And you don’t have to make it a surprise, let her know you’re making one and ask her what sort of things she likes. It can be a great way to get to know her.
Everyone should prepare to die, it’s part of being an adult lol That doesn’t mean it’s the same as arranging your own funeral
Limit police unions
A nice MLT... Mutton, Lettuce, and Tomato sandwich
That’s not what I usually see. School choice usually includes things like vouchers. I lived in a district that had school choice! I liked it a lot. They did away with it when I was in high school because of the bussing cost. School choice also led to more specialized programs being loaded into a single school.
It doesn’t create competition. The schools can only service so many children, and the district only has so many children and so many schools. When I arrived in my new school choice district, I didn’t get into my first two choices (out of 4) because they were full. As for private schools - again, unless there is a way for that to not defund public schools, then it’s bad for our society. Furthermore, private school education can be just as bad or sometimes worse than public. And lastly, funding is a huge part of what makes schools better. Which is why school funding needs to be divorced from property taxes...
Holy wall of text Batman
Let’s get you some sunglasses
Treat this like adoption (because it is). Tell her now.
My mom told me hers took a year to heal
If he wasn’t ready to tell her about his deceased child, then he wasn’t ready to marry her.
Show appreciation for the little things. When you ask your partner to make a change, recognize their efforts, especially if it isn’t easy for them.
If you read his other comments, it’s not trauma. After being together for 2 years he felt like he was in too deep.
She’s mad because he didn’t tell her for so long...
Mouth feel is the way food feels on your cheeks
Make sure to do your research before you let the fae into your house
* ti-mo-tlamatilia-a, iztacapatic
I’ll put avocado on whatever I want and gringos can’t say SHIT about it
The oldest evidence of bread-making was in Australia at over 30,000 years old. It was not with wheat, but with roots of native plants.
OP, I have had to do this before. Repeat after me: “Babe, your dick is dirty.”
I mean, at the age when you start cleaning it like that (puberty) your parents have been expecting you to shower on your own for quite a few years. I can see why it gets overlooked.
I guess toast isn’t included in that
You can’t pull back the foreskin until puberty because it’s still fused to the glans
It is
There’s already a canon macuahuitl. Check it out on 5e tools [here](https://5e.tools/items.html#macuahuitl_tftyp)
I mean, rabbit is a brand name and they definitely look like rabbit ears
&gt; It’s a given What about all those mass shooters taken alive?
Their tone here is not helpful.
Would you rather damage your relationship with your parents or with your partner? What about with any potential future partners?
Couple of reasons 1. The old one was designed for lipstick lesbians and just had the lipstick taken off to be for all lesbians. The lipstick lesbian flag was created in 2010 as a response to the bear flag. It was altered in 2016. 2. The lesbian community straight up doesn’t like it, and the old design sells very poorly. The new one was created through large community input through the tumblr blog official-lesbian-flag through extensive polling. 3. The creator of the lipstick lesbian flag is a racist
That’s bullshit. Words have implications and tone can be implied through text without difficulty. Is there ambiguity? Yes, absolutely. But text is not toneless, and interpretation of tone is not 100% on the reader.
Just let us have nice things Like chubby weeb bfs
Maybe make it more useful as a bludgeoning tool to reflect historic usage?
Yeah, I was definitely not expecting this post to be on r/startrek when I started reading it
There is no “always” to apply here. What OP said was critical, an furthermore, it was meant to be. It was unsolicited advice that was rooted in the language of command rather than the language of solidarity. There are many ways that OP could have changed their message to convey the same information while expressing good will and even have this woman thanking OP for the support.
Hey, it sounds like you need to connect with your local Asian community and especially make more Korean friends.
Fuck Jefferson and his slave-raping ass
I mean, if you’re eating a full 8 oz steak when 4-6 oz is an entire day’s servings then no, it wouldn’t be. But nothing about steak on its own is unhealthy.
I love this!
That’s not what projection is, but okay
I didn’t think I could get any gayer, but here I am
For the ones that come from other languages (rather than being intended as a code), this isn’t quite right. Transliteration - writing words of one language with the alphabet of another - relies on sounds, not merely switching letters. For example, the name John in Russian would be written Джон, with J being replaced by дж -and the H omitted entirely. I see this mostly with Futhark, with words like “heathen” being written with the E and the A as Ehwaz and Ansuz but really ea should be treated as a single sound and written with Isa.
