Same for Hans Scholl. The US Black community does have a way to go with accepting its gay members. But it’s a work in progress!
I am. The founders were the greatest group of thinking human beings in the world in the same place for their time and haven't been equaled since. Despite their flaws.
Yes, lets.
did a ded?
So cringy.
Implicated? Didn't the DoD just out and say they did it, they're glad they did it, they would do it again?
Wouldn't it depend on local law? Or is there a federal law that you are thinking of?
Wood is cleaner than plastic.
Näh, das ist dumm. Es gibt verschiedene Stufen von Tiere. Essbarer Tiere sind schlachtbar. Affen sind nicht so. Die sind einfach zu vermenschlichen. Die Trauer ist verstehebar.
They are. The old man is your only hope.
Thanks!
No. I’ll say what I like, thanks though.
Grammar is more flexible than that. Incorrect to the point where you think you have the right to demand a correction is a bit of a stretch.
It worked fine for its purpose. It’s a lyric, and an improvised fragment at that.
I changed my mind about being rude. Feel free to deal with it.
I’m saying that your critique doesn’t have any weight. So what if you think it’s grammatically incorrect? Who made you ruler? No one. And you want me to change it to be more in line with how you would like it? No. Fucking. Way. When it comes to lyrics, meaning and meter trump grammar. I needed an extra beat and they fit just where I wanted it to. You don’t like it? I can live with that.
Fair enough. I don’t know how valid the grammar is considering that it’s an improvised song lyric on Reddit. The application of grammar and correction is as important as the rules themselves.
My gut guess is that we were after an Iraqi militia leader as a reprisal for the Embassy and we didn’t know Soleimani was in the car.
You‘re right of course. Cheers. Let it be? I see what you did there.
That‘s not what theology is. We have a theology department here at LMU in Munich. We aren’t a religious school. Theology is the scientific study of a religion, its revelation, tradition, and history. What you are saying is not accurate.
Thats pretty ignorant.
Theology is the scientific study of a religion or religions, the revelations, traditions, and history. It can contain elements of everything you mentioned and more.
You don’t seem to know what it actually is though, so finding it convincing would be difficult for you naturally. Have you ever read a theology paper or journal?
1472 wasn’t the dark ages. And the modern LMU was founded in 1802 in the middle of the great secularization of Bavaria under Napoleon. Neurotheology is a thing. You don’t actually know theology to criticize it. You are just being lazy and conflating it with theism. You are ignorant. And it shows.
It's a heavy coat. Made of heavy wool. That's why it feels bulletproof. Government bid items are usually made to be cheap and hopefully effective. But cheap.
Yes, exactly. That's not the academic discipline of theology. That's chatty theists kicking back over a beer or different clergy from monotheistic religions having tea or something. It's why I'm wondering if you've ever read any of their work, or what they would need to have read to get their degrees? Take a look at the curriculum or requirements of a non-fundamentalist, even non-US university and see what they study, then you'll see that your view is myopic.
You did state that. Have you ever read a Theoloogy paper or reviewed a theology curriculum? My guess based on what you think they do is no.
Lol? Are you 12? The great secularization of Bavaria occured under the auspices of the Napoleonic Empire, which came out of the French Revolution and overturned the power of the church in southern German States. It was a movement bound in what they thought of as reason, and irreligion. History is like a celebrity to you, you've seen pictures, but you don't actually know it. The Dark Ages thing was a purposeful exaggeration for rhetoric's sake. And it came with the implication that we are somehow backwards because the University is older than your country. It's a common enough trope in these debates. It got the answer it deserved. Don't be dishonest and pretend it wasn't a dig. There are far more aspects of theological study than you brought up, neurotheology is just one of them. There is no argument from you here. You just don't know what theology is. Like the OP, my bet is that you haven't read any theology papers, or examined a curriculum. You can run your mouth, but there's no substance there at all.
Sorry. I don't believe for a minute that you have a master's degree. I'm not lumping anything anywhere. Theology is an interdisciplinary subject that encompasses studying mulitple aspects of religious belief, the beliefs themselves and all the questions in between. Michael Maher wrote a survey of the literature on miracles in 1975. It's Called recent writings on the Miracles. Google is your friend. Knowledge is obviously not.
This is where your debate goes horribly wrong. The reasons we have to consider God to be true are not encompassed in your attack on theology itself as a discipline. A theologian with a degree makes an argument that has weight because of their degree. BUT you are posting based on some eighth grade level understanding of what they would be arguing about. Theologians don't sit around swilling PBR or Warsteiner in a can and arguing about whether God exists. They don't discuss Reddit level bullshit at all. Not academically.
&amp;#x200B; The weight of that degree lies in the training and the accreditation of the University. But yeah, if people care they'll care. If they don't they won't. That's the same for all academic subjects. And all of the non-stem disciplines don't seem to require independent testing. Anthropologists don't call us up in the Historicum and ask us to test their work. They only use their own metrics and peer review to test themselves. If non-anthropologists care about what they are talking about they might bring in something else, some other discipline.
Yes, American politics is showing right now how much reality can be forced down people's throats in order to force them to see reason and change their shitty opinions. &amp;#x200B; Wait Empiricism actually only goes so far. Especially with human beings. It is absolutely correct that you can be as right as rain, as let's say a sociologist and if no one cares, you won't force them to care or change their minds. History, or any other discipline. Look at the Tragedy of Semmelweis. He discovered that doing autopsies and not washing your hands before the doctor helped in delivery led to women contracting and dying of Puepueral Sepsis. And no one believed him. They kept cutting up dead bodies and then delivering new ones, and killing the mothers in-between. He proved it, showed that he was right, wrote about it, published it, demonstrated it and no one believed him. Drove him mad. He died screaming in an institution. Inside the field no one cared. Outside the field, no one cared either. You aren't right here. You can only force so much.
Does Great Satan not count?
The crusades impacted reality a bit. The Reformation impacted reality. And for theological reasons. German secularization? Great Awakening? English Civil War? Massachusetts Bay Colony? Just War Theory? OMG Just.War.Theory. Theology is a legitimate academic discipline. Seeing as how millions of people do believe and can be moved by religious belief for good or for bad it has and can have real world impacts.
I don't even know what there is for you to concede about. Theology is an academic discipline. There's nothing unique about the majority of it being useful and weighted within the field, and not so useful or read outside of the field. &amp;#x200B; \&gt; most disciplines accept the necessity of testing against something independent of their disciplines frameworks. History doesn't. Political Science. Also no. Sociology? Not. Anthropology. Bunch of losers, who cares? So the thing is, there isn't much difference between theology and the other social sciences vs. the solidity of stem fields. Still I don't think that OPs characterization of what Theology is like as a disicipline is correct, it's not.
What changes if he comes home? I know this a fucking guaranteed dv magnet, but really, why does Johnson need to come home? If the US and Iran go to war, it would affect the UK somewhat, but the US is on its own. Why panic?
Meh. The world is smoldering, and has been, where were you?
If you attack a sovereign nation's embassy, then be ready for the consequences. Downvotes to the left.
It’s a singular argument. OPs characterization of what Theologists do and discuss is incorrect. OP hasn’t actually read any theology. OP made the baseline assumption that theology must be some dudes arguing over the apocrypha. The list of chairs in a typical Theology Department shows what they study. It’s not what OP said. In Political Science we assume all actors are rational. Otherwise we’d never get anywhere. Theology starts with the assumption that The God in question exists. If it didn’t then it would be stuck at the pimply eight grade level of debate that you are offering. **That’s** attractive. Not. You, Op and Noflow want to debate someone on the God question. There is no answer to that objectively. You believe or you don’t. There’s no way to force the issue. But you keep coming back to it because you have nothing else. As an academic subject theology has weight for people who weight it. Just like any other subject. There are people who discount political science or history. Not because anything we write in those subjects is wrong, although it might be, but because they don’t care. For people who care a theologian will have epistemical weight. For those who don’t, they won’t. Like any other subject.
Without denying climate change, the fire problem in the US is far more related to settlement in areas that are supposed to burn periodically but cannot do so without causing massive infrastructural damage. For some types of US forests burns are an absolute necessity. And that doesn't change. Granted drought can make them worse, but we currently can't do more than correlate.
She looks a bit young to be tenured, and adjuncts aren't really professors. But hey, it takes all kinds.
Why be a shark? He's only telling the truth, it's not like he hasn't been doing that, for decades....
Ah-ha! Thanks!
Absolutely.
Looked awful.
Didn't mind it.
They were just happy.
My 11 year old loved the RoS. I was so happy. Her reaction to it helped me enjoy the film. BUT, the Last Jedi I didn't like. I hid my reaction to that film from her because I didn't want to ruin the whole thing for her. And I will never see another Rian Johnson film again. Vote with your wallet.
War, war never changes. . .
Great!
Yes, of course I know that. No matter what we do to live thrive and survive, there things that make us all the same, you, me, everybody. Why? Is the irony not obvious?
This is the way. I have spoken. I drank what?! (The last one was from Socrates)
At least you are honest. May the force be with you.
It’s a smokescreen and we both know it.
To believe. Either that there is or isn’t a God or Gods.
Landed on the edge.
Even that's not true, because there are only three possible outcomes. Of course its going to be one of the three with the chances leaning heavily in favour of 1 of 2/3. If choice has to made then either heads or tails is sufficient. Perfectly justified in picking either. But that's not my point, my point is that when presented with the proposition, the decision gets made. You might hedge because of who you are debating with, but inside, in the place where you can't lie, the decision has already been made. The rest is a question of conduct.
Rian Johnson, super genius.
That's pretty broad to take from an unfinished exchange of fire in a tit for tat situtation. It doesn't tell us much.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2eWByT1-_i8 Terrible band, even worse song, the singer is the worst of the worst except the dude who came after him, but the subject matter is hilarious.
I know exactly what you are asserting, but you aren't saying why it would mean the end of American hegemony, that's probably why people are wondering what you are actually trying to say. If we go to war with Iran it's the end of American hegemony....because then China, she attac! If we go to war with Iran it's the end of American hegemony....because our final credibility will be spent. If we go to war with Iran it's the end of American hegemony...because we can't afford it. If we go to war with Iran it's the end of American hegemony...because our population is physically unfit for an actual conflict. Those would work. You'll need to actually argue a why, instead of just assert something.
Protesters at an Embassy stand outside and chant death to America. Once they break in and you have to evacuate and they come in and set the place on fire, it's a new diplomatic problem. &amp;#x200B; This is not a case of the US just opportunity killing a high ranking Iranian General in Iraq because Trump was bored. It was a reciprocation of violence carried out against the US Embassy. Now killing the General is an act of war, certainly, but it was done in return for attacking the US at an installation abroad, which is itself an act of war. This is something you are kind of glossing over.
So what I'm really saying is...No Cathy Newman, that is not what I am saying. &amp;#x200B; I said two things overall. &amp;#x200B; 1. Protests outside an embassy requires a different response than the burning of an embassy. 2. Killing Soleimani is an act of war. Burning an embassy, even by proxy is also an act of war. As for declaring war on Libya, no, because it wasn't Libya by proxy that attacked the US embassy, killling the US ambassador. Instead it was Ansar al Sharia in Libya. The US killed almost all of their leadership and experienced fighters and they dissolved. In this case, the attack on the embassy in Iraq was done by Iranian supported militia who took their orders from Soleimani and whose leader was also killed in the same strike.
The Best of does not at all deal with the retaliatory nature of this thing. It doesn't go into the fact that you cannot let other countries burn your embassies and not answer that. That detracts from the argument for me.
Sure. You reap what you sow. the more people you kill the more they resist. I am not talking about that though. The US and Iran have been at war at various times for decades, since I was a boy. In this case, the embassy burning was a step too far for them. The approval had to come from Soleimani, and it cost him his life. You reap what you sow.
I would say it’s a bit less chicken and egg than you seem to see it, but Parthia is the death of empires. I would prefer to leave the region alone. But Iran should not have attacked the embassy by proxy. And having done so shouldn’t be so shocked. I was alive when the embassy in Tehran was seized because Carter dared to allow the Shah to enter the US for cancer treatment. The “war” that is currently visible is one set of exchanges in decades old conflict
46 is enough. Eyes on the prize.
They burned the embassy. The US killed the head of their QUDS force and the head of the militia that burned the embassy. They fired some rockets. No else dies. Everyone wins.
Iranians aren’t brainwashed.
The troops are tougher then you give them credit for. The US diplomatic corps has NO contact with Iran. When we want to talk to Iran we go through the Swiss. The diplomatic corps has been under risk since Beghazi and before. This is a bit too sensitive for International Relations. The world is a tough place.
That’s fair enough.
It would be awful. We‘d all live longer. Until we died.
Yes, I know. I have also done some really neat things. It’s my fuck ups that haunt me though.
How's that extra grandddaughter Mark? Does she count too? Whatever. Hamill is a wiener.
I get it, I laughed, but I always assumed, since 1978, that the reason they can't hit anything pinpoint is on the blasters themselves for being clumsy weapons, like a blunderbuss or musket, not because they don't aim. I was under the impression Lucas was making an allusion to the musket type armies where sharpshooting wasn't an option because to the guns themselves and the Stormtroopers used mass fire. Tie fighters, AT-ATs and the rest were always plenty accurate.
That’s what HE said!
It's name is Rudiger. Rudy for short.
I have to admit, I laughed. This is some class work.
Thanks, I hate it.
We aren't at peace with Iran either. They certainly aren't at peace with them from their perspective. We have no embassy and no official diplomatic contacts with them. They view us as an enemy. So it's complicated.
I am grout!
I am grout!
I watched all of my kids emerge, and it didn't look easy tbh.
An oscar is worthless unless you are a 1% of the top 1% of the actors of the world. A child of your own is pretty goddamned cool, frankly.
I couldn't alter the face in paint.
[https://imgur.com/gallery/Ph5jlO6](https://imgur.com/gallery/Ph5jlO6) Like this?
The original was pretty propagandistic. I changed it.
Since you've shown me that over the internet you're just making examples neither, but that's not being petty, it's just that the question is not analogous to the question of belief being asked in the thread.
That's really condescending of you. I don't believe you, I didn't even get to the coin. When people are presented with the idea of God(s) a lot more goes into the proposition than some dude possibly lying to you over the internet.
Boy George did it his entire life. He has a point and his opinion as an experienced member of the LGBTQBBQGFTO community has weight. He doesn't get to be right be fiat, but calling him a transphobe is fucking stupid. And fucking furthermore in addition to being dumber than a box of rocks, calling him a transphobe isn't challenging his comments, it's an ad hominem attack. Or in this case, an ad homonem attack. And if it were in Detroit it'd be an ad eminem attack. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Oh. Someone's is cutting onions in here.
The Joe Rogan
Hope not. I hate the drug references. Hate them. Horrible.
Fuck off. It's poorly done and adds nothing to the story. It's cringe.
Who is the he? Help me.
Too much proof and too much ferment. 3/12 hours rise, and overnight (6-8 hours in the fridge) should be enough.
No. Where does that come from?
Weird, the link in the article to the study itself says that it's 95% and the study webpage doesn't say relief, but rather that "We find that 95% of women report that having the abortion was the right decision for them over five years after the procedure."
Spartan women were extremely free for the time period.
There were no Spartan women who were slaves. Even when the population crashed and the Spartans started breeding with the Helots to produce half and half children (Nothoi), the helot did not become a spartan, and the child was not a Spartiate, but was born free. Spartan women were free otherwise they weren't spartan. They would have been something else.
Normally the police are considered in the social contract to have the only legitimate monopoly on violence. No, they aren't terrorists. In the US they are currently in a phase state where they are able to abuse that power and not suffer the consequences that they should.
Nah. It's a pretty cogent argument for what's wrong with the left. Other leftists make the same arguments. Then some moron motherless idiot from the ctrl-left calls them a member of the alt-right. It's bog-standard.
Millions of other people saying it doesn't necessarily make it wrong. Brexit voters may very well have been tricked in a tricky election by tricky people. But we are past the referendum by two parliamentary elections with a party election in-between. And the last one wasn't close. British voters can't say they didn't have a choice, another choice, another choice after that. The Lib Dems changed the name of their party for the last election to Liberal Democrats to Stop Bexit. They lost seats, their leader lost her own seat. No. They weren't tricked. Not after all this time and all those elections. It's reasonable to expect Western Feminists to criticize Iran and any other cosmological society that will hang you for adultery after your 4th conviction. Iran is not moderate. That's just not true. They'll fucking kill you for fucking. No.
He was using Weissman's starter and recipe. We know, because many Bothans died to bring us this information.
Dude claims that the Modern left is bizarrely intolerant. Arguable but solid. The left was once all about freedom. Now it's about authority and righteousness. That's fucking bizarre. The left cancel each other and are happy to call anyone who disagrees with them a right wing hack etc. Constantine Kisin is an example. He's a liberal comedian, but has been labeled alt-right, By Kate Smurthwaite because of his free speech stances. I was like Kate? What? You have to be kidding. Speaking of free speech... Dude claims The left is against free speech. That if you disagree you lose the right to speak, that you must be either evil or stupid. Strangely and bizarrely arguable as well. Free speech is now considered a right wing dogwhistle. I've seen enough people call Ben Shapiro or Jordan Peterson, or Joe Rogan Stupid evil Nazis, to think that maybe the Dude might have a point. Shapiro isn't right about alot of things, but he's not stupid, or a Nazi. Peterson is brilliant but doesn't sell his ideas so well sometimes, and Joe Rogan is about freedom of expression but he's a left wing as fuck. But I've seen the left mob Rogan because he's an Alt-right gateway. That's some bullshit. Dude said the left is growing somewhat anti-democratic and Brexit is a good example. I personally thought that Parliament all deserved to lose their jobs. How many votes do you need to have? Dude said that the left is hypocritical, e.g. Patriarchy is bad, but Iran is ok, because the left can't abide anti-islamism. Certainly arguable Dude says the left is bizarrely critical of the west to a point of unreality. The west is unbelievably racist and sexist to the point of being unlivable, without any positive commentary to balance the argument. The left is bizarrely anti-capitalist, but devoted to criticizing the state of the world without being able to look at the benefits of modernity or the positive statistics about our global situation. These are good points and places to begin a constructive critique frankly.
Verbatim?
I don't know, A group has to be organized to be considered a domestic terrorist **organisation**. It needs to be centralized and organized to be a cohesive group, otherwise it's just a loose description. With Antifa There's no one calling the shots. Each group does whatever they want. One group could be planning a protest shutting down traffic and the members would never go further than that and another could be out there trying to catch and kill police officers. Roping them all together reduces the meaning and effectiveness of the language.
It's France, she's not outraged at the nude, it's the color of the backing clashing with the frame.
They aren't my points.
They are telling THEIR truth!
If he’s guilty in impeachment proceedings he loses office. That’s it. Congress can’t jail the executive. The AG could them prosecute, maybe. Pence could also immediately pardon. The process in the OP has no legal power to jail or impeach.
Who did nothing wrong.
No. If Bernie falls, Pelosi and Every other moderate will turn to the middle and choke AOC out.
Biden? No.
They are his arguments. Not mine. An argument can be arguable and solid because people have different baseline perspectives and those are ultimately subjective. Definitiely not a lot of REEEEEE! Nothing innovative either. I listened to an argument made by another person and answered your question. It was not a lot of work but also not insubstantial. Gish galloping can be real, but it can also be an excuse when someone is looking for an easy out. This was a break down of another person's arguments from a video. It's a lot of text to transcribe it all. He made multiple points, I demonstrated them. Instead of thanks you say I'm fallaciously trying to gish gallop you with over information? No. His critiques of the left are admittedly general (but I said that) and frankly, most of his points are something the left could incorporate and it would lead to improvement. That's a solid critique.
We thought that before Obama as well. There could arise a woke left rabid female candidate with oratory skills and a way of telling corporate interests that she's actually on their side so she doesn't get shot. But haven't we done that already?
Yeah, I agree. Foaming Ass Rabies for the win.
I'm relatively new to JRE, I like the new ones, but for the older ones like 2 years ago he seems a bit less wrinkly and more alert. BUT that's not a judgement, it's just a thing I noticed. I love it. He's a normal guy looking for knowledge. That's fucking cool.
**¿** Por qué no los dos **?**
I can't see twitter from here, is there a link to which JRE show you are talking about?
You shouldn't have said anything. I honestly don't understand your reaction.
Truth hurts.
The idea came from a an Army Corps of Engineers officer named Meigs. He had served with Lee years before. He was the Quartermaster for the US Army during the civil war I believe. And I think his son had already been killed in action in the civil war. If he wasn't, then he was killed and buried there later. One of his descendants was a Lt. Colonel in the Second World War and died in action in 1944, 12th armored. And his kid grew up to be US Army Commander in Europe. That family has been in our service for centuries, literally.
That's all probably true, but it isn't actually funny.
Oh, they do, yessss they doooooo.
He did show her for what she was. And that he doesn't think we don't need collective action to solve big problems. He didn’t rule out social action. He says he’s never ruled it out. He says collective responsibility doesn’t override individual responsibility. That doesn’t rule out social or collective action.
&amp;#x200B; He was a heavy drinker with his life completely together. Functioning, two fist swinging, round the clock working, danger percieving, foresightful, nazi fucking destroying, fascist smashing alcoholic.
Yep.
Look, I see what you are saying but climbing the corporate ladder isn't what Peterson means when he says get yourself sorted. He means get motivated, organized and whatever you do, do it well, accept responsibilities, the more the better. The climate can certainly be included in that. If you want to be a Petersonian climate activist let's say, then be organized, effective, be a leader in your community, know your arguments, tell yourself and other people the absolute truth, do not compel, but lead by example, personally. Then convince your community to follow you, then your region, and then if you are going to push it, go farther. Slay those dragons. Come out swinging, save us all.
He actually developed his alcoholism while trying to keep the world the same. Churchill was a conservative.
Nah. She‘s mischaracterizing the clean your room argument, with a baited comment. And he didn’t say we don’t need action on climate change. He didn‘t say there’s no room for social i.e. collective action. He said the opposite. He did say collective responsibility doesn’t override individual responsibility. He’s correct there as well.
Fuck yes! Like that kid cleaning up the plastic. But there’s room for activists who have their shit together as well.
Plenty of people tried to stop Churchill. In good faith and bad. He had himself together and beat them as individuals within different collectives. He‘s a perfect example of uniting the two. If he wasn’t together he would failed in the contests to gather and direct collect collective support: politics, war, survival. And not all gate keeping is bad.
Yep, just sail away.
Looks good. 7/10 would eat. But the plate makes me think it's being served in a 1970's ashtray. So 7/10 good post.
One of the versions of the game shipped with a bug. It was so goddamned frustrating. Good times once it worked though.
Peterson's gatekeeping was applied to Churchill. It didn't work because he beat it. Which point am I missing?
Now that would depend on how you see gatekeeping. There's a massive difference between asking someone their opinion on whether you should do X, or whether you are allowed to do X. Peterson is saying, you would be better off doing Y and then doing X. If you try without being prepared, you'll fail, and your goals won't be met and you'll be sorry you wasted your time. Follow my advice, and you'll be fulfilled and prepared to attempt whatever you want. &amp;#x200B; Churchill was actively prohibited from fulfilling his plans at a number of points. He either took it and carried on, which what you are saying, and that was fine, or he beat his opposition and made them eat crow. Like Boris Johnson did recently. Either way works. Just keep the gliding average positive.
I don't believe that about Peterson for a minute. His desire to help people is genuine. I think he does believe that if you don't train up before you attempt to retool the entirety of western civilization, that you'll fail, spectacularly and that you are wasting your time. And for those folks he probably doesn't have a lot of respect. But his advice is genuine.
No. He does not. There's nothing pernicious about taking responsibility for yourself. And I would be interested to see an example of a wrong Peterson has caused. And I've seen other videos where he explicitly says that there's nothing wrong with collective action. Your interpretation of the video does not seem sound, when he says **"I'm not suggesting in the least, and have NEVER suggested that there's no domain for social action, I'm suggesting that people who don't have their own houses in order should be very careful before they go about reorganizing the world."** That that means he's not suggesting in the least, and he has NEVER suggested that there's no domain for social action. He's saying you need to not be a loser with nothing to offer in order to lead large movements. If you are going to rewire our entire society, you had better know what you are doing. That seems unfair or pernicious to you? Action is great. Thought is great too. The quote above certainly contradicts what you are saying he said and it shows that the Churchill example is bunk as well. Churchill's autobiography shows it. And if you insist that Peterson's politics have had visible negative effects like Hate crimes, or physical violence, wars, loss of planetary battle stations and stuff like that, then name it. It's not rose tinted glasses. There is plenty to disagree with JBP about. But we have to argue with what he actually said, not some strawman bullshit mischaracterization.
Awful is what it was. You would start running towards the first opponent and then it wouldn't stop. You'd run right into his fist and that was it. After the first three hundred times of thinking it was just me being unable to play, I went back to Service Merchandise and there was a dude in the computer department who knew about the bug and exchanged it.
He's definitely doing some gatekeeping. But he isn't doing what you are saying. When we take his answer from your quote and mine \&gt;I'm not suggesting in the least, and have NEVER suggested that there's no domain for social action, I'm suggesting that people who don't have their own houses in order should be very careful before they go about reorganizing the world. &amp;#x200B; \&gt; I think that generally, people have things that are more within their personal purview that are more difficult to deal with and that they're avoiding and the way they avoid them is by adopting pseudo-moralistic stances on large-scale social issues so that they look good to their friends and neighbors. He's definitely pointing out that people avoid their own issues by latching on to other issues. They do that. Virtue signaling is real and very pernicious. With visible effects. There is gatekeeping but it's not a sweeping argument against collective environmental action. The first part cancels that out so long as you are serious and have your shit together. The second part that you point out makes it gatekeeping. I'm ok with that. I've said before here that I am ok with Greta as an example and I am glad she has inspired my oldest daughter. Whether I agree with her 100%, Greta has a good support team and has all of her gear in one sack. And the question isn't should you care about the climate, or should you participate collectively. It's should your collective responsibility override your individual responsibility? It's like asking a link, what's more important, you or the chain? You can't be a good link if you are weak, and he isn't saying don't be part of the chain. Be strong first and then do whatever you want. If we look at it that way it's not a bad thing to remind the links they need to be strong. It's actually very very necessary.
Money, the venomous Internet culture, and filthy politics. It’s the same as Shapiro destroys leftist breakfast eater! And they show Ben Shapiro throwing away part of a pretzel. It’s ridiculous. The whole video is actually more annoying. No one is actually listening to anyone.
How are you sorting the comments? Your top level comment is at 5th when sorted by best. The Top comments aren't taking it as seeing her destroyed as a climate activist.
More like CumradeXXX amirite guys? Guys?!
He needs to knuckle down on his transfer procedure.
Vielleicht. Aber gibt's so fui besonder'n Preißn in Sachs'n Anhalt?
How did you end up unemploxxed?
You can short cut to a pinch to get the same sodium citrate effect by throwing in a slice or two or american plastic wrapped cheese. It will smooth it out again.
June bug!
Hogan's Heros war echt Kunst. Aber auf Deutsch macht's weniger Sinne. Ehrlich.
Es gibt night so viele Preiß'n in Sachsen. (I know, it would have been "an" besonderen Preisen, instead of "zu" for the joke to work, but I'm committed, I have to follow through, work with me people!)
Damned shame. Sorry to hear it! One transporter breaks, another gets repaired.
How was it?
Fuck you anti-natalist. Without children all hope dies. Pain dies too. But better to keep hope alive. Go be edgy somewhere else.
I‘ve been in Bayern for 20 years. According to our old constitution, still in effect but blocked by the Grundgesetz, I am ALSO a citizen of Bavaria. And my Frau thinks I‘m a moron. If there is anyone qualified to further embarrass us on the Internet, it’s me.
So smart it's stupid.
What is a half jew? Is it it like a Centaur? It sounds mighty. Like a D&amp;D bonus class. Do you get any saving throw bonuses? "I'm a Half-Jew fighter-accountant. I used to play a Dentist. My mother liked that character better. Since I'm a half-jew I get a plus 5 against guilt based attacks." Does this blogger base these team-ups on time arrived, geography, or is it class based, or something else?
Oy, you don't like nice jewish ghouls?
Cultural History in Germany- Doctoral Level H.O.S.T.I.L.I.T.Y I like Jordan. I've liked him, and I still like him. I'll stick up for him in public or on the web, But the other doctoral candidates who keep up with English language developments, lose their minds at this point if you bring him up.
Just off the top my head, Washington wasn't childless by choice. It was either smallpox or another physical reason. He wanted kids. Marlow was murdered. Hard to tell if he was ever going to have a family or not. Hadrian and Trajan didn't have children. Neither did Commodus, Caracalla, and Elagabulus and they were dirt. Davinci and Michaelangelo may have been gay, Nietzsche never had a meaningful relationship in his life. Morrison was a drug addled idiot who got famous because he looked good in leather pants and had a decent band to back him up. It's a really chequered list you are working with.
Awesome!
She was so hot. Ah, the good old days, gone but not forgotten.
He's pretty bitter, he's been out in the cold, screaming into the wind for decades, but it might all work out in the end if we win. He's getting better, he didn't smile this much.
He has long since dissapeared with the children...some say to San Francisco where he prospered in dry goods.
And after this Yub-nub. It was all downhill from here.
I wished an Aussie girl I worked with Happy Australia day, once. 12 hours later when the lecture about "Invasion day" was over, I decided not to do that again. You never know. Some people just don't like birthdays.
Sanders' supporters shouldn't get too smug. The Republican hate machine is strong. It's going to be a fight. This is why I think that Sanders has a shot. He's a fighter. He's been waiting to fight for us all for 40 years. It's time to let him.
Hot Garbage.
They conquered them really, then they raped them, literally. It's hard to get all weepy about a million rapists.
You forgot all the mouth raping the Soviets did. Wehraboos on one side, Tankie Doodle Dandies on the other. Both are as cringey as can be. The two sides of the iron curtain are more of a contrast than similar.
It was ethnic cleansing of soviet occupied areas that were German colonized.
The ovens were often supplied by Topf and Sons. Krupp did not build the Crematoria. They were designed by SS Officers like Walter Dejaco and then outfitted by Topf and other suppliers using slave labour wherever possible. They were manned by slave labour and the Nazis themselves, they weren't run by Krupp. Krupp did use slave labour.
Oh stop. France said US troops out, NATO troops out, and the US said, well, ok. Germany was occupied, but they had their own government and made their own decisions. Italy? They didn't have a puppet government. Austria was Soviet-occupied, and then neutral after the war. Just stop with the bullshit. America lead in Europe, but they didn't command.
The American army of 2012 has women in it. Those assaults were inter-service assaults. The army of occupation in the west had relatively strict no fraternization rules in the first year of occupation. They weren't even supposed to talk to civilians except under the strictest circumstances. You can emphasize whatever bullshit you want tovarisch, the Nazis were rapey bastards, and so were the Soviets. The Yanks, not so much.
More like Liberaping Europe.
So they raped them, killed them and deported them if they survived, but that's not ethnic cleansing?
You're right, that's not fair. First they liberated the machine guns, taking horrific casualties, then they raped them.
Fuck yes. I agree completely. It was just a death sandwich.
Yeah, 1953, 1956, 1968, 1980.....Nothing going on over there. Nothing to see. Nothing...
And the kicker? He's not even in jail.
I think your arguments are dumb. I responded to you well enough. You can fuck off. I don’t care what you think at this point.
If you like this you have a bit of evil in you.
I don't trust them now.
The elves couldn't lend her a hand? Get it? A hand.... &amp;#x200B; Guys?! No. Seriously OP, looks great! The first one is my favorite. She looks so happy.
Cheers! Was the Prosthetic Dwarven then? Artifact?
Cool. Thanks!
I met a guy from the USS Gambier Bay last summer at the Dachau memorial. He was a pretty cool guy.
English: Sadly, Greece is a country that is still divided along the lines of the civil war which was nationalist vs. communist. that includes the diaspora. There are plenty of Greeks who won't vote for Bernie because he uses the 'S' word. Also some, but not all Greek communities are somewhat culturally anti-semitic. I would say Sanders would be a somewhat tough sell to the Greek community in certain American regions. Not impossible. But certainly not an easy slam dunk. Up north, like Astoria would maybe be easier then someplace like Tarpon Springs or all of Florida. I'm torn on Chicago. I would like to see the Greek community support him though. Greek: άντε μαλάκα. Αυτόs είναι κομμουνιστής. Source: Mother was Greek. Speak Greek. Have been to Greece. Know Greeks. Have studied Greeks and Greece modern and ancient. Greek. Bla bla bla TL:DR- Am voting for Sanders, put your pitchforks down.
This is talking about fathers, it's not saying Peterson is the father. Is Peterson your father?
I was trying to say it's cool that you got the stuff when you did, not that you shouldn't have it. The reaction to +1 plate seemed a bit strong to me.
True, but I won't lie, a campaign that lasted long enough to see single character get to level 10 and develop as much as Turid, is a successful one. If you all had as much fun as it sounds, then you were all doing it right.
If you did then you owe 1/16th of EVERYONE in Oklahoma a lot of money. Otherwise you might just be ok.
Ha ha. Soooo edgy! (Except the system is still functioning. So no.)
So Obama was guilty of Genocide Lite^(TM) ? Of course he wasn't. Come on. Stop. When the kids are given back to their parents it isn't. Just stop with the melodrama.
There has to be an intent behind the separation to destroy an entire people. So no, it isn't, and hasn't been.
Better to bomb a ruin than a house with people in it. The Iran thing is a shitshow. But I admit I'd rather see their cultural heritage erased from the earth than have them killed.
So we aren't there yet?
Fräulein is considered sexist and demeaning. No one uses it anymore. It's like the N word of sexismus. It's just not done.
So the US is at stage 1. Or does this mean that borders are the first stage of genocide?
nah, not unless it's done with the intent of removing the people the children come from in their entirety for the purpose of destroying the people. Intent matters. It's horrific but it's not genocidal.
I chuckled.
I can’t answer the question because I’m not a right winger. But your judgement of 100% corruption doesn’t follow when you can counter a McConnell with a Pelosi or a Sanders. The institutions have stopped the President from having his way many times since the Bush administration and they are still doing so. That institutional strength that stymied Obama is thankfully still in place now.
Riiiight. Hidden death camps?
Not the Austria I live next to.
I don't. But if I had to choose, that's where I would go.
What is total number of deaths at these camps so far?
It was part of the tit-for-tat between the US and Iran after the recent Iran backed Iraqi militia attacked the US embassy. The level of response had risen well past diplomacy. So it was trading violence and threats of violence as a means of communication.
You mean a mandated victory? A landslide with a super majority for instance?
Ridiculous. Trump has been stopped by both the Courts, and the House. They have cut off funding for foreign adventures and made sure the worst unconstitutional excesses of his continuation of our disastrous immigration policy are prohibited. It is not a dictatorship. We do not have a dictator. Even if he wins in 2020 we won't have a dictator.
I said, that if we are in stage 9 where you say we might be that ICE would be actually exterminating people and denying it and we would need **other indications** that mass deaths are occurring. What have you got? Anything? Anything at all? I'll take it, what have we got? On top of that AOC has been to the camps, so have dozens of Reps. They aren't pleasant places. They also aren't death camps.
Maybe oppression isn't the exact word I would agree with. Hierarchy is totally necessary, and letting big business run wild isn't working. It was far more under control during the cold war. That was on purpose. To balance out the Soviet Statist threat. We are out of balance that's for sure. But we aren't going to win anything playing make-believe and fooling ourselves.
No. talking isn't a war crime. One diplomatic threat backed up by the threat of force versus another. Neither one was carried out. Sometimes saber rattling means you don't have to actually take it out. &amp;#x200B; And even if they did come to blows. It's better to destroy ruins and buildings than to kill people.
True. Gerrymandering at the State &amp; Federeal Levels is currently a huge problem. The institutions seems to be doing just fine. The effects of all the recent conservative judicial appointments are going to be felt for a long time though.
Don't know. Why should they not be on the table? Threaten some cultural sites, they threaten to burn us all with holy fire, we kill their head assassin, they throw some rockets, some soldiers are concussed. WWIII is avoided. Next act. If you have a better solution then trot it out.
Fuck yes. I agree. If the House impeaches, I think that's so serious a thing that the Senate should go all party neutral and turn inward to their duty. They should be demanding witnesses. But here's the thing, McConnell doesn't have the votes right now to block witnesses. So it's not a given. And with witnesses comes the possibility of showing either the Senators or the people that something is really wrong. Impeachment is a half criminal and half political process. The judges are the Senate, and they can even decide that Trump did what the House said he did, but that it doesn't constitute an impeachable offense. They could also hear testimony and decide, that he's done. We'll have to wait it out. The problem with denying the Senate the power to check the House is that without that the House could unilaterally dismiss the President. The Senate is so far holding party discipline. That's not a permanent given.
I already told you that I don't think that, but if I had to choose I would choose as I chose, why do you think I think that?
Have you ever bought a shotgun? I have. It was not so easy. It cost money. You needed a permit where I lived. Granted results vary across the 50 states. I have voted. It was pretty easy. It was almost free. I did have to drive there. But the rest didn't cost anything except my time and interest. Everytime I have done it, it was such a serious thing, I got chills. Democracy is such a sacred thing. I don't think everyone thinks like I do, but America might not be done quite yet.
Wouldnt happen in NYC, but I hear you. The auction loophole is a problem. Voting is no more difficult than your purchase though.
Yep. That’s the international standard. The intent part I wrote about is in Art. II &gt;Article II &gt;In the present Convention, genocide means any of the following acts committed **with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group,** &gt;as such: &gt;(e) Forcibly transferring children of the group to another group. So like I said, if you transferred these kids from one group to another with the intent of destroying their people in whole or in part and destroying them as members of of their group, i.e take children from the Shona and give them to the Zulu and tell them they are now Zulu with the intent to destroy the Shona influence in a particular area? That’s genocide. There has to be intent to destroy. And that intent is lacking here. The US has a different intent. It’s awful but it’s not genocide. Not by this standard. I don’t like it. I find it dishonorable, and unamerican in spirit. But.it.isn‘t.genocide.
Harder to vote than having ID? How so? You mean like poll tax? Besides making the precinct harder to find or being stricter about registration, what could they do that wouldn’t be a big old civil rights violation?
&gt;Scotland can vote to leave the UK, however it's non binding without Englands approval of the matter. They aren't by law to even have a referendum unless they get approval from Westminster.
The recent fracas in Catalonia shows what will happen. And that was in the EU. Scotland would have even less support.
Boing Boing was a very cringey Idpol paradise.
Yes, so crazy, Texas and New York should just be allowed to leave the US.
Boing Boing is hot garbage.
It was a different time. If he was a slaveholder and a rapist now, he could win the democratic nomination.
Nein, wollen wir nicht. Kennst du die? Nö. Alles ist frittiert. Nah. Pfui Teufi. Natürlich wollen wir die.
Don't look at it. Shut your eyes, don't look at it no matter what happens!
That's pretty cringe. Check the history of the party. They aren't exactly the good guys until lately. Even then. So no, either party would be fine.
Auf eine Hand, ja, stimmt so.
Ja Mann, Frittierten Senf. Crazy Shit. Aber am mindestens machen die Hollander gute Rosinensemmeln. Krentenbollen sind echt gut.
Nein. It's not. It means miss. And it's considered incredibly demeaning to use. We don't use it. You wouldn't call someone that in ANY formal situation at all. We use Frau. It really is considered a very disrespectful way to talk to a young woman. You're calling them a child.
FREEEEEIIIIIIHAAAAAAAIIIIIIIGHT!
The party isn’t. The DNC would be happy with a villain. Duh.
Fuck off, the DNC and the RNC are the same class of people.
Can anyone make it fly? [I.WOULD.LOVE.TO.SEE.IT.FLY](https://I.WOULD.LOVE.TO.SEE.IT.FLY).
Good or bad, and it seems a bit out there, this will come back to haunt her.
It should be interesting to point out that the 19 year olds who were sent to Vietnam often came back scarred and extremely traumatized as well. So they weren't "tough" enough to handle it either. The WWII generation had been winnowed and thrashed by the Depression. They were pretty tough. The WWI generation was extremely psychologically scarred by WWI. the British more so than the Americans.
The Emperor protects. Your greater good bullshit can't save you, Xenos.
The US made a few compromises at the very beginning to match the power of the big states and the little states. Seats in the House go by population. Big states like California get more Representatives there. So California has 53 Seats. Smaller states like Wyoming get less Representatives based on their population. They have 1 Representative. But they get 2 Senators like every other state. California is a big state. But in the Senate, she is equal to anyone else. And Wyoming only has a single representative, but they have 2 Senators like any other state. That's why California has only 2 Senators to Wyoming's 2 Senators. Even though their populations differ. It's a trade off between the House and the Senate.
It's complicated. There's one faction who really does use the meme (let's call it a meme, but a Dawkin's style meme, as opposed to a I can haz Cheezburger meme) as a way of denigrating other races or ethnicities who also "had it bad." Here's an example [right over here.](https://esmemes.com/i/white-irish-slaves-were-treated-worse-than-any-other-race-9720627) This is clearly bullshit. It's basically a weaponized landmine of racial division that self propagates. Where things go pear shaped is that IDPOL got involved, especially certain woke twitter folks countered with the "Irish were never slaves in any sense, it's a myth, and they were actually protected by their white privilege." Also bullshit. This is especially strong on /r/Askhistorians, and /r/badhistory here on reddit. They do this because they believe they are fighting the good fight against the meme I linked to above. The one of the headmods at badhistory flat out said, if you think that Irish people were slaves in any way that you're a white supremacist. Fuck that. This met with a wave of other actual academics in the US let by respectable but off the mark people like Donald Akensen and Richard Jensen who were part of an early 2000's push to deconstruct and revise Irish History in the US and Ireland. Akensen says we need resist tales of Irish woe whether true or not, because it allows the Irish to opt out of being responsible for whiteness and its many crimes, and Jensen said that anti-Irish discrimination in the American Job market was a myth, he called it a mass hallucination. Neither has a defensible position. But the woke mainstream of Reddit follows the askhistorians and badhistory line. That's why it's mocked. Should it be? "African-Americans had it worse so it’s not comparable" how would we determine it's worse without it being comparable? It's comparable. You have to compare it to determine it was the worst? Duh. In the beginning of colonization like the first 4 decades the lives of black and white unfree labour are running parallel. They have similar lived experience and they die at the same rate. This is in the Caribbean. A large portion of the workforce during the Interregnum and the Wars of the three kingdoms was made up of indentures who didn't want to be where they were. I have written in my scant 2 publications that consent to indenture makes a huge difference in the status of the unfree laborer. Plus there were Africans that singularly had it better off than indentured servants. In the 19th century, US and UK societies were shocked that Jamaica and Barbados had a white trash underclass that was doing worse than the black artisan middle class there. What does that do for the comparison? It's complicated. "Irish never slaves" greatly depends on your definition of the word slave. This is the trick the memer actual racists using in their meme mine above. After comparison there is a difference in Irish unfree labour and African unfree labour. If we mean weren't free, didn't want to be there, and were going to be worked to death, and live in misery until they did it, then there is a class and time period where some of the Irish and the Africans in the Caribbean are in similar boats floating in roughly the same place. At that same time, some of the other Irish in the Caribbean are soldiers and sailors and governors and getting rich in the Caribbean. "The Irish joined in on oppression of racial minorities or otherwise assimilated. " Fuck yes they did. As did Africans when they could. In the comparison the Irish do have it slightly better off on the whole. On the mainland of North America they eventually do assimilate. Some of them don't even ever qualify as unfree. That doesn't mean that some of them weren't living and dying unfree in the transition from the English Apprenticeship to Indenture and then to Chattel Slavery. The ones that had it bad had it bad. The ones that didn't, didn't. So it's complicated. In the end, the modern use of the Irish as a mistreated underclass who eventually fully assimilate really is a rush for social capital. It is the oppression Olympics, it's best avoided on a personal level. I wrote my Master's Thesis on this. I've published on it twice, but only on the Irish in the Caribbean. Now I'm writing a Doctorate. So my area of expertise is the beginning of Caribbean Colonization up to the take off of American Colonization. Take what you will from this.
No worries. But the silent generation is defined as individuals born between 1928 and 1945. Both my parents were in this generation. I'm Gen X. The baby boomers were the ones born to returning and surviving members of the Greatest Generation between 1945 and 1964. Obviously there's going to be overlap. But the Boomers were overwhelmingly born to the Generation that fought the war. The silent generation overwhelmingly were just too young and experienced the war as children, not as participants.
I don't think that. Peterson says kids should do for themselves whatever they can do for themselves as soon as possible. I don't think we should rush them artificially, but we sure as hell shouldn't coddle them. They are anti-fragile and react well to challenges and a little difficulty.
Yes, I understand. I don't want to get too personal, but let's be brave. My mom's first two husbands died in Vietnam. My dad had already been for three years, but then 20 years later he died from injuries from there anyway. I think war is the worst thing we can do to each other. The worst. I have seen its effects first hand on the people left behind and the ones who come home. I wouldn't wish it on anyone. These experiences have shaped my attitude towards how awful it is. That said, if people can go through that and still function...well that is the crucible of all crucibles. I understand why making it through is glorified, but we go too far and glorify the thing itself, and blindly and stupidly, and that's a damned shame.
Sure but they aren't Anti-Akenson or Jensen as they are simply better arguments. Hilary McDonald Beckles has been doing Caribbean history for decades. He's on point. From him, **‘**Black men in white skins’: The formation of a white proletariat in West Indian Slave society', and on the Irish specifically, Riotous and Unruly Lot and then on Barbados "White Servitude and Black Slavery in Barbados." Akenson's point is that when the Irish are on top they were no kinder than the English. I have no problem with that part. When any class is elevated they turn into bastards. wealth and power corrupt, and the Irish are no exception. What I despise about his work is the idea that those on the bottom somehow can't be acknowledged not because their suffering wasn't real, but because it would be politically inconvenient to IDPOL today. That is anathema. I hate it. Jensen got schooled a few years back by Rebecca Fried, while she was still in High School. Here's a [link](https://academic.oup.com/jsh/article-abstract/49/4/829/2412883) to the abstract. He based his claims on his archival expertise and his having not found any signs. Her google fu was better and archives have gotten better. I don't blame him for publishing his results or even riding the Let's Tear down the Irish wave. Academics are shark like creatures intent on eating each other and deconstructing everything. But No Irish need apply as a hallucination born of group hysteria was a bit much, considering how wrong he was.
They had better not.
So how is the note? I mean for taste? Is it crunchy? You can pick your teeth with the stylus afterwards right?
My objection to this comes from the misuse of the bacon. Bacon that isn't cooked on both sides to obtain the Maillard reaction (crispy, caramelized) is a waste. Bacon wrapped anything mostly protects at least one side of the bacon from the heat, and suffuses the bacon fat with steam, the extra moisture causing it maintain the color of condom and the consistency of rubber. There are exceptions where this can be overcome with technique (Such as Gordon Ramsay's stuffed turkey recipe.) but this is not it. It is disgusting and a waste of good meat. I think if you were going to make this dish and well, you could marinate the bacon in a maple whiskey solution and then crisp it up a bit, so it's almost done, then possible do the wrap without eating a condom wrapped stuffed meatloaf ball.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ps-Ko1bd4LE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ps-Ko1bd4LE) It's better with sound.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ps-Ko1bd4LE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ps-Ko1bd4LE) It's a better repost with sound. But it's always cute! Love it.
This will allow the President to invoke the insurrection act. Mark my words. It was a bad bad idea.
Sounds good. Salatin does good work, but I hate listening to him talk.
Really, the fuck up is waiting that long.
Yes true.
Thanks. It was good yesterday. Today, it was.
I was so proud.
I wish it was. It probably does too.
Oh no. You are completely right. Looters and rioters must be stopped. Here's why. &amp;#x200B; [https://kstp.com/minnesota-news/minneapolis-twin-cities-community-reaction-riots/5745543/](https://kstp.com/minnesota-news/minneapolis-twin-cities-community-reaction-riots/5745543/) And putting down the helmets and batons has to be done before the protests turn to riot. Riots build they don't just occur. But if they do get support from the authorities, they can be headed off.
No, they wouldn't. I live in the EU and studied politics here as well. The EU is an Supra-National organization in which those countries mostly give up patrolling their borders with each other and parts of their sovereignty in exchange for the advantages. These countries if acting in good faith are responsible to obey the courts of the Union and rightly so. Going from one to another is unnoticable except the signage and your cellphone notification. The Schengenzone isn't a security regime. It's more than that. The US and Canada's border is almost 9000 kilometers long. The two countries haven't been to war since 1812, and in 1812 Canada wasn't a country. The incorporated Canada and the US have never been to war and have the longest successful security cooperation of a contiguous border without a shooting war in modern history. The number 1 correlate from the CoW project people at U of M is to discover that proximity is the indicator for the possibility for war or peace. Neighbors war. It's harder for far flung countries to fight. So A. They wouldn't disagree and B. neither would political scientists anywhere who can wash after wiping and know what a security regime actually is.
Read the article. It might be surprising, but it's there.
Yesterday when the fries were hot and crispy and pizza had just cooled off, the first half was frikking great! Today it was ....filling?
Nah, I'm a real man, the one in the Op looked like a Polish Golabki wrapped in a condom.
If he doesn't know what good food tastes like I'm sure it tasted great.
You could miss the pain, but then you'll have to miss the dance.
Honestly? I hate eating it. I don't like seeing it, but big birthday cakes are mostly in my mind for kids. And a kid would be so happy to get this, even if it tasted like nothing. That said, it's for a 25th birthday party. The world has gone mad.
This is awesome! I love the narrator. And his accent. This is fantastic.
Sun Tzu would say the US has lost the Law of Heaven.
This is so disturbing. Not the violence, although that too, but the feeling drawn into the influencer, the absolute blind closed eyed cluelessness, it actually says so much, about influencer culture, about corporatism, about the stupidity of our culture before corona and before these riots. This is a great piece of work.
Well done Texas.
If it comes to that, with elections pending in less than 6 months it would be the most pathetic act of a people in the history of democracy.
Absolutely, it's the guests, they are great! But if you hate the host why bother?
I am American. I left about 18 years ago and live in Germany, with a German woman. She is my Frau. Not my partner or GF or mincing signifigant other or some other bullshit, she is my Frau.
Brother it’s hard to tell if anything is emotionally built into the German language. But you’re right, the translation is just a bit blurry. It’s just not quite exact. Like if you have a snarling angry pit bull and you call it a puppy. Technically it’s a puppy. But it’s a hellhound. Like my Frau. Cheers.
I think It's a way to deal with being a layman who is either in process or out of his depth but trying to swim. He's allowed his opinions. And also allowed being wrong on the way to being right.
Weird right? I can so see where he's coming from. But I'm an academic (Cultural History, Medical History and Political Science) and a hobby gardener, I like to bake and my greatest joy is watching my kids bounce around on these weird rubber play horses I bought them. I don't hunt, and I don't lift weights, although I see the value in both. And everytime he says something wrong about the political structure of the US, I want to teach the fuck out of him, but, I am still glad to see his show doing well and to watch him learn. It's like a really slowly paced reality show. "Joe Learns Something." Fridays at 9!
Yes, absolutely, and if you ask for federal help, or if the feds decide to Federalize them under the act like Eisenhower did, then they cease to be under state control and fall into the federal chain of command.
Hey now, hey now now, sing this corrosion to me. It's corrosion from some sort of soap looks like.
Time for what? He's British, the solidarity is nice, but it's so awkward.
No it's not. Those injuries would be covered.
US Racism is limited to the US. It's not the same as the UK or the Continent, this is a distinctly American phenomenon.
Nooooo. I'm saying now is the time for what? About a foreign national speaking about an American problem. And honestly the protest he's speaking at presents a paradox. One protester said that the UK is as bad as Apartheid. If if is, if D.F. Malan has come back from the dead, and London is really Soweto now, then they have no reason to be talking bout the US, they have other problems to protest. And if it isn't (and here's a hint, it isn't) then they are welcome to voice their opinions, but the Americans aren't even able to listen to themselves right now, so why the fuck would the opinions of a bunch of British people who can't decide if the UK is or isn't as bad as Apartheid era Bloemfontein matter at all? Whether they are famous or not. What is it time for? In Britain, concerning poor George Floyd? Tell me.
Upset is not the word I would use at all. Like I said, the solidarity is nice. It's just awkward when it comes with some politics citizens from another country. "Hey we don't share your lived experience at all, and most of us haven't lived in your cities, or been shot at or brutalized by your police, but here's how you solve this intractable problem that has plagued your nation for 3 centuries. Because the time is now." Is it? Have they solved it there? No, then they should get on that. If they have, then why do they still think it's as bad as South Africa? It just doesn't compute.
Yeah fuck 'em. Tell them to lube it up.
I’ll try again. US racism is a distinctly American phenomenon. UK racism is particular to the UK. They are not the same.
True.
No it’s not the same argument. I said the solidarity is nice, I don’t object, I’m not upset. I said it’s nice but it’s awkward because they aren’t American and if they have their shit together then why are they saying they live under Apartheid? and if they don’t, then why are they finger pointing? It’s not a debate, it’s just nonsensical. European Black People do not have the same lived experience as American Black People. The category European is so broad as to be mostly meaningless in terms of descriptive power. It’s all a bit fluffy. Like British 90‘s cinema. Feels good, lacks meaning.
How so? And what power does a British person in the UK have to fight racism in the US?
Even if the Planet can see it, it’s the Americans who have to see it and fix it. The world can’t help here.
1. American police do train. The amount varies by department. 2. Some can have very little education and a 9 weeks, some have a training period of years and require advanced education. It varies by location. 3. The US Problem is not a lack of Training, or experience. Chauvin was a veteran officer. 4. The problem is what they are trained to do. Use of lethal force to defend themselves at the slightest sign of resistance in communities that they have an adversarial relationship with.
American who lives in Europe here. You are as right as can be. This is a problem Americans have to see and fix on their own.
&gt; If you are black and don't live in the United States how could you possibly understand how it feels to be black in the United States? FTFY British police don’t carry guns and aren’t trained to unleash lethal force at the slightest resistance. It is not the same lived experience by a damned sight.
Hail Unilever. Ugh.
It is, against Chaos unrestrained.
No. There's nothing wrong with discussion, and this OP didn't say anything that wasn't true, or racist.
You're ok. Your video is more than ok. You aren't part of the problem.
Small to medium business are the backbone of the European economy.
Oh fucking stop this bullshit. Right or wrong, Marx and Engels expected to be read and then followed, not personally, but ideologically. He knew what his ideas could be used for, and he hoped for it.
I've watched him learn. He's actually learning. There's 10 years of learning to see.
&gt;The point is that it doesn’t need to be as bad as the US to be taken seriously. Yes, but it's not the same situation as George Floyd or the rest of the States. A broken leg and cancer are two separate diagnosis.
You are absolutely right. But small business ownership and operation is a possibility for just about everyone in an urban setting at least. gotta find that niche.
No that’s when he was an activist and community organizer. He took a lot of heat for it. Also you didn’t ask me, but Cornel West. I always liked Jessie Jackson as a kid, and then he went on SNL and read Dr. Seuss. I liked him more after that.
Someone else here said it better. Anyone could but not everyone can. It’s not a scenario.
Anyone can start a small business. Everyone can’t. It’s that simple.
No one actually gives a fuck about skin color though. US Racism is a socio-economic-hidden class structure thing.
My Frau will be relieved.
Ach Quatsch. The Gestapo were just the renamed Prussian State Police. Hitler had the SA and the SS for years already when he took over. And the Wehrmacht stayed the Wehrmacht. He didn’t use the Army like that and rename them the Gestapo.
I don't think you do.
2021? Lava Bears, smell like cinnamon, cinnamon &amp; your death.
Many native tribes were racist slavers. Thanks for the downvote, now go read the history of the Choctaw and the Chickasaw and who they sided with in the US Civil War. Then check and see how many of the Civilized Tribes were slave holders, and then when you are done wiping all that egg off your double chin, check and see why they called them the "Civilized Tribes."
It's not a campaign. It was back in the early 1900's. Today it's more of a cultural current. There's no central direction or movement.
In Germany, have been here for 18 years. They outlawed ALL the symbols of the Nazis from 1949 onwards. They don't just educate the youth, they banned the Nazis, and public speech supporting them, and anything that looks Nazi, it can all be banned in public. Americans wouldn't be able to take that, regardless of the good it's done, because of the danger of the slippery slope.
It is not seeing a resurgence of Nazism. Who told you that? What is happening here is a rise in far right parties, but they are mostly insane libertarian anti-europe racists, not Nazis. Huge fucking difference. The AfD is a far right party that made it to the Legislature last election. they haven't been stamped out. The government could declare them enemies of the constitution, and take their seats, but they have not, because they aren't provably Nazis and their hands are seemingly tied. Nazism isn't resurging here.
True. I've been investigated by the German Police for ripping one down and hiding it in a University bible in the student government room at the American Institute at the University of Munich. I figured the idiots who put it up in the first place would never think to look there. I was right.
State Sponsored? Like the States want Black people killed? What’s the benefit?
Yes. Hurt people hurt people.
No because he got Germany destroyed, raped and humiliated and turned the country into a murder factory.
And he didn’t even blame the electorate. He said that they had had it very hard.
&gt;he and his kids would be lesser citizens This I can see. Black people are very often denied the full benefits of their citizenship. A racially skewered result fueled by almost insurmountable structural inequality. &gt;surrounded by people who constantly try to destroy their life. Who is that? Can you expand on this?
I’m ok with Rowling pointing out that referring to women as “people who menstruate” with a silent “just” on the front is demeaning to biologically born women. It’s the issue that fully cannot be solved, even fully post op. Trans women cannot bleed and have those kinds of cramps, complications and hormone swings. They do not have a functioning uterus. I know plenty of women who wish they didn’t bleed like that. What should we call a person born with a functioning uterus who menstruates? Have they ceased to be women because a world controlled by men has widened the definition? They are still women. Not just people who bleed. Neither can women bleed, who kept a female phenotype in the womb because of AiS. They are still women. Even though they are XY. Women who go through puberty, who cramp, who bleed, who deal with PMS, or PMDD, are women, and taking their sex away by calling them people who menstruate instead of women, is pretty shit, and just on that subject, Rowling is right.
They would be women. But not according to whatever weird article Rowling was referring to.
She was responding to this https://www.devex.com/news/sponsored/opinion-creating-a-more-equal-post-covid-19-world-for-people-who-menstruate-97312#.XtwLnv0aEeR.twitter It didn’t come from nowhere, she’s been on and off these issues for awhile now.
I should have been a marketer, I swear.
And dirtier! Yaay filth! Builds the immune system!
Nah. You have to do the work, sadly, Everytime. It’s not for the Nazis, but for the people watching. And the slippery slope is real. So no. It’s not so simple. Just because the government designates a group a terrorist organization doesn’t mean that locking them up is justified.
They were arrested for being members of a banned group. I double checked. And look, she entered the Miss Hitler pageant as Miss Buchenwald. I have no words for how disgusting that is. I don’t know if this is the right response to that kind of vile behavior. Maybe it is, but it’s skirting that slippery slope.
We never recognized them as a State. Only as Americans in Insurrection.
&gt; I don't think cops need to be running and tackling people anymore. Just record them on your camera and go pick them up later. If they commit any crimes in the interim the Officer would be liable.
I lived on the Outer Banks when I was a kid. I remember. Yeah it’s a bit weird but I remember.
I remember Bill appearing on the screen and people not being so happy. They already weren't happy when announced the investments and partnership. Steve-O made a joke about Patent Disputes that dispelled the tension. Then Bill came on the screen and some people were pulling out there Bat'leths and getting ready to go to town. Then Bill was like, everybody gets better software, Bitches! And they applauded, and then Steve-O was like, listen up motherfuckers, it's not zero-sum, we are responsible, it's not us or them. Now grow the fuck up. People were receptive. It worked, Apple now has larger marketshare than Microsoft. Here's a link. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxOp5mBY9IY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxOp5mBY9IY)
F?
Dachau was an awful place, fucking horrible. 100% increase in death rate in its last 6 months. Mathausen had the highest death rate of all the more work camps per capita. Dachau prisoners were often transferred to Mathausen, or vice-versa as the camps had an administrative relationship. After the 1960s Mathausen survivors liked to tease Dachau survivors by calling it Disneyland.
Some people just don't like Rap. There's nothing wrong with that. Shapiro isn't stupid. He's incorrect about quite a few things, but there's no accounting for taste.
There is a class struggle in the US. But, I'm not at war with my own people, even the rich ones. I want to see them reformed, not dead, not disenfranchised. If we are going to define ourselves as a side of it, yes we are absolutely losing. the oligarchy is winning. We do not have the people. Which people? Sanders supporters either a little left leaning or a little right leaning are a faction, they are not the people, and I'm interested in which people you think we have.
I don't care that the world is watching. In fact, the more input I get from non-Americans the less I care about what the world thinks. The world has their own issues, only Americans can fix this problem. Not because of ability, that might not be there at all. It's because of responsibility. And the world has the popcorn out and it's amusing to watch the US have problems. They don't actually care about American Black People and they don't care about American deaths. The world's opinion means nothing to me. A decent respect for the opinions of mankind is a good idea, until you meet them and find out they are enjoying the US having 100,000+ Covid deaths because "ha ha Trump, ha ha ha." The world can kiss our collective ass. Except for user StonedBirdman, they are ok.
Spike is right.
Certainly. I don't know thought about it being completely tragic, I've always seen survivors' attitudes as a bright little bit of victory in the middle of the void. Viktor Frankl said without humour they would have all died, and quickly. But I am strangely sensitive to some parts of the holocaust and completely desensitized to other parts. I could be an outlier.
Smug asshole? That fits Ben about 50% of the time at least. Still, I get where he's coming from. I like ska, not only ska, but I like it. People who hate ska, don't just hate it, they hate us too. I understand why they hate it. Music affects our brains, and when you don't like something, and you hate it, it makes sense to not like people who like it. Because you think , how can they actually like this thing that does me pain? I get it. I don't have to agree with it.
Those dogs were laughing.
Roughly 32K instead of 16K.
The last sentence in the eighth line of the source you posted read as follows: &gt;There were 32,000 documented deaths at the camp, and thousands that are undocumented The thousands that your source refers to that are undocumented are not part of the last 6 month spurt, where typhus came into the camp in vastly overcrowded conditions and doubled the death rate from 16K as of November 1944 to 32K in April 1945 at the time of liberation. In addition to this number, there are at least a few thousand more that were killed as part of the Kommisarbefehl in Hebertshausen down the road from the Main Camp. And there are also the 2221 souls who died after liberation and were considered, god bless them all, to have died free. I am certainly not full of shit, someone here is. I won't say who. I think you know them though. That might be awkward for someone, but not me, bucko.
Thank you, I try to cover everyone.
I am too. I do too. I believe though to my bones that he's primarily an American problem and responsibility. And foreign pressure, personal or media professional is going to help. It will backfire.
She's right.
¡Ay, qué triste!
You got a "study" you read. Post it.
What bullshit. \&gt; Democrats: the party of workers, of civil rights, of compassion and fairness, and of higher taxes and more regulation. The Democrats and Republicans were BOTH responsible for allowing the US to export the majority of it's expansion capital to China for the last 40 years. From Bush to Clinton to Bush to Obama, the "Party of Workers" did everything wrong vis a vis American industry and the workers. You have bad roads? Bad infrastructure? Bad Schools? Shitty internet? Where did the money go to build, improve and maintain that stuff? It went overseas and returned to the US to the upper portions of the economy, then got recycled, but back overseas with a bit skimmed off the top to keep us going enough to consume. Both parties are led by elites who benefited the most from this process for decades. The GOP is the party of villains and greed and a lust for power. The Democrats are the party of the same, they just pretend to be otherwise. For god's sake vote Democrat in November. But stop trying to pretend they aren't the lesser of two evils at this point. We don't have to be willfully stupid.
Wait, you want to tax the middle to lower middle and working classes more? While their sources of income dry up? To make up for shortfalls that occur because the upper middle class to wealthy have exported the money? Where it works for them overseas? While developing infrastructure for other countries' citizens? Are you fucking kidding me? Spend less on the military? Sure! Absolutely no problem. We were at war during almost all of Bush II. We were at war every single day of the Obama administration. Every day for 8 years. While half the country lost their home equity and any capital they had accumulated. And you think that's "worker" friendly? The Democrats and all of their presidential candidates since the 1990's, supported the Iraq war for Bush II. All of them, except Sanders. The Party doesn't want Sanders. What they did support was war, war and more fucking war. Like I said, what bullshit.
The lesser of two evils is still evil. I'm wondering if the people we bombed during the Obama administration would agree with your post. We were at war from the time Bush II got a chance to take us and we stayed there for 8 years under President Obama. We bombed someone, and often the wrong someones, [every.single.day](https://every.single.day). Median Income has been stalled since before Reagan. It stayed stalled during Obama's administration. Protectionism is a dirty word in GOP and Democrat circles. Obama made some progress though, but in the end, you can judge an administration by who the people replace them with. We haven't had a Presidential administration that has done long term good for the country since maybe Kennedy or Johnson. And that's not some crazy bullshit. With Johnson we had the social security, but his foreign policy mistakes led to the end of FDR type liberal policies, and the entrance of Nixon and it was all downhill from there. I don't think they are the same. The Democrats are simply not the good guys. They suck. They just suck less. I am by the way, a registered Democrat.
So you couldn't vote for Sanders in the Primaries? If not then your independence is pretty damned expensive. Trump has not defied the USSC or been able to change the Constitution. There is still oversight and the US is institutionally strong. The Obama administration wrestled with Congress and lost, a lot. He was not good at infighting. Not at all. They also wrestled with the courts. I have no problem repeating myself here. Vote Democrat in November, but don't fool yourself that they are somehow good. They are just better than the status quo. Like the DDR. Better than the Nazis, still shitty.
War every day. Fact. Export of capital and infrastructure continues to be deregulated? Fact. Median income remained stunted. Fact. Miliatarization of the police started under Clinton continues? Fact. Bans on Travel from Muslim Majority Countries. Fact. Whistleblowers prosecuted? Fact. Business Leaders who caused the Crash not prosecuted? Fact. Just stop. The sad sad difference between parties is a matter of degree and not of kind. One is simply more palatable to you. That's ok. I object to the self delusion.
Presidents Bush and Obama wouldn't even prosecute the financial sector that led to the crash, what makes you think that taxing them was ever on the table? Ridiculous. President Obama told the CEO's of major US banks, "I am the only thing between you and the pitchforks" and he stayed between them and pitchforks and none of them ever got prosecuted. And they kept their bonuses and their golden parachutes while the working class loses their equity and capital. But hey, you apparently prefer being fucked by one side. I get it, they talk sweet and look better than the gross orange fartbag we have now. . Here's a tip honey, neither side is good. Neither cares. One is slightly better than the other in the short term. Vote for them. I am going to. But I'm holding my nose the whole time.
It isn't. Black people are part of America so they are connected to the original. But the thing I think is weird is that in the original it's a father and a daughter. Furthermore they look so much happier than the original, which is also a bit of a disjoint, but there's no appropriation.
American Gothic is an American piece of art. Putting in Black Americans this way sort of misses the point of the original, which had a different message, but it’s a different statement that is also ok. I do not believe in cultural appropriation so even if it fit the academic bill, I wouldn’t give a shit, frankly. And like I said, black Americans are part of the nation, just like white Americans are or all the other colors are. So while it’s not the greatest piece of art, there’s very little about it that I find provocative.
Nah. That’s not what American culture is about at all comrade. We don’t have illegal based on offensive. Just distasteful or offensive. People are still free to express themselves and then take the Social consequences.
I doubt it. If you had you would know who Kent Monkman is. And he‘ll kick your ass while wearing heels.
He is. Very influential.
Helpful, too, did this I find, mmmh?
George is right.
I'm having trouble wrapping my head around that. If I had a pound of dough, and kept dividing the dough into smaller pieces, out to infinite pieces, I'd have infinite pieces of one pound of dough. Each subsequent division makes the pieces smaller, the overall mass doesn't change. Bring 'em all back together, and there's a pound of dough. Two pounds of dough, will also give infinite pieces, so the number out to infinity will be the same, but you have two pounds of dough.
10 milligrams are not the same size as 10 centigrams. The number is the same, but the mass is different.
Fuck 'em.
The tenth son is Ferrus Manus? Or was Ferrus Manus, right?
Yes.
Yes, the birth of the US Navy and the Marines as a fighting force, the beginnings of gunboat diplomacy, and the end of the Barbary hold on the Mediterranean Sea using American ships taken from the British in battle as well as the more heavily armed US built ships of their weight that precipitated a small arms race with Britain are completely unimportant to the history of the United States. No impact. /s Thaddeus Kosciuszko tried to get Jefferson to free his slaves interestingly. Sadly, it didn't work.
I saw this stated yesterday too. It can't go either way. Either white people had all the jobs and wouldn't share them, or black people did all the work while white people watched as managers? I think the truth of the history of labor in the US might be more complicated.
Little Wendigos in 5,4,3,2....
Never take your politics from a Ska-Band.
I'll believe it when I see a video.
Wow. Awesome. What percentages?
Or what? The wealth of the country in the south was founded on stolen black labour. But the history of labour in the US is bigger than just black and brown people.
&gt;And continually, to this day, create a system that discriminates people of color from the top down Some examples of this?
That's a great example of racist behaviour. It might not be systemic though. And it's not created by the Fed, the states or the US in general. Certainly some of what Peters describes sounds classist as well. I happen to have experienced Lawyers saying the same about poor clients in the US regarding sudden windfalls, irrespective of race. They are right. Sudden windfalls, burn away quickly. Doesn't matter the race. The Class matters in that instance. A better example might be nationwide efforts by banks after WWII to prevent blacks from getting loans to move out to the suburbs or start businesses. That's definitely systemic, and it informs every single instance of lower black capitalization in the US today. Every single one. Edit. You edited. And made some assumptions about who or what I believe and why. Bet you were just pounding that poor keyboard with righteous indignation. My question revolved around your comparison to Germany (Where I live now and work as a Historian) and the US, where I was raised and first educated. Your assumptions are wrong of course. But I don't think you are providing examples of how the US in comparison to Germany creates and maintains top down systems of discrimination. I thought you might have something new. But you don't seem to.
After you edit, I matched your tone. If you don’t like it, don’t edit and try less hysteria.
Hi Albert. He still owned the equity and even when a loan for security is made the right to alienate lies with the debitor not the creditor. He could have sold them to Kosciuszko and then had them freed.
Nah, I read Afanadord‘s paragraph above: first paragraph is about Deutschland, the second is about the US. It’s a comparison. Not a stand alone work. And that was what I questioned and where the quote comes from. I thought it was afanadad, turns out it’s some other joker. Either way, it’s nothing new.
The north had slaves for the longest time. Some union states had slaves until the emancipation.
That doesn't mean you have to do what it says. Take Ska-P for instance. Great band. I toured with them. I loved playing with them. I love their music. But I'm not for all of their politics.
Not from Joe, but I am often entertained. He has interesting guests. I try to get out of my comfort zone and listen to people I really disagree with. It makes it all more interesting.
Do you not understand a dismissal in English? Should I help you in German? Hau ab.
There’s almost nothing worse than a Prussian, who talks like a Nazi, trying to flirt. Go away, bitte. I’m not interested.
How dare you!! Pride goeth before the fall! You have sinned! I am going to have to confiscate those fluffy little demons to save your soul!!! I'll just keep them right over here, next to the butter and jam of perdition, which I will also guard you from. No temptation, there sister! No sirree bob. Amen. Nothing to see here people. Move along. Seriously. That's a good looking biscuit.
Sure. But there's no surprise that the Poles are security minded. The surprise is that the others aren't. Especially Hungary.
&gt; Black people have been oppressed for so long, it's not enough to say "I agree, but...". Your agreement and acceptance of that has to be unqualified without any hedges or whataboutery. It should never have come to this, but it has. No. No thought control. Even about something I agree with. We can't force people to agree. Those are fighting words.
Are movements not proper nouns?
\&gt; American racism is an urgent moral horror Except it isn't. The results of past racism, mixed in with our hyper consumer economy, in a context of a cycle of violence, lack of education and the breakdown of the black family, are an urgent moral horror. An urgent moral horror complicated by stupid white guilt, and a radicalized black intellectual class that has worked for two decades on the idea that 11% of the population with 2% of the operating capital of the country, is enough to stand on its own. It's not. So no. The country isn't racist as a country. The results of the country's fucked up policies are racial, and need correction, but that's too much nuance.
Fuck off. This would get you shanked in prison.
No. You do not. All of the other countries with decent public school systems, like Germany, or Finland actually start later, and it's not a question of investment. It's a question of the goals of the system.
Is the concept not a proper noun? Serious question.
That's not really what I was asking. I believe that black lives (subject) matter (verb) makes perfect sense. But Black Lives Matter as a concept or a group would be a proper noun wouldn't it?
All good.
What? I am not in jail. You should be for that post.
Pound sand, I don’t want to be friends.
It has nothing to do with using it. It’s recognizing it. That’s what the pink triangle was for, violations of paragraph 175.
You can consider an objective moral right for society and the "betterment of mankind" without thought control. And IF you believe an objective moral right is out there, then show it to people and IF you have a good populace, then the majority will choose it. Even if, especially if there is a debate about whether to choose it or not. If you have to force feed it to them, and punish all dissent, then you haven't found it. Granted there are levels. The best way to guarantee the objective right you might be talking about to is make sure everyone is equal before the law. No thought control needed, just guarantee people's rights and dignity, and teach the children to be strong, to do right, recognize bad, and seek the good. They'll grow up into a society that will also choose the good when presented with it. Yes it sounds oversimplified, and it is, and it isn't. We in the west haven't been doing this since at least the boomers and we are paying the price. No thought contol. I agree with what you want, but IRL I would fight you or anyone else to the bitter, fucking bitter end over the issue.
This I can get on board with. Swim Motherfucker, Swim!
Great news! Unless Joe actually talks or makes a public appearance between now and November, in which case, watch those polls people.
She looks VERY patient....with you. Because practice. (I know this look intimately.)
Jump up and say "Sex Scene!" "Woop Woop" making submarine diving noises, then zoom out of the room (making diving planes (or wings for short-bus riding airdales) with your hands) until it's over. (Optional: If you are from a Navy Family, you can replace "Sex Scene" with "Crazy Ivan", and "emergency surface or full astern") **Obviously the answer is break the tension.** (If you are from a Navy family, you can always do this by saying in as gravelly a voice as possible "Yeomans! Drink as you pass! but for this to really work you have to wait for the hottest most awkward moment.)
That's pretty weird. Honestly, in 1938 the system was set up to track everyone, and they hadn't started hiding the arrests, especially on the night Broken Glass. I work at Dachau, or at least I did before Covid. I can send some emails and do some checking if you want to DM me the information. Maybe I can help.
It is fine in this context. Today is the first time **that** I realized it was a **of a** female. The words in bold are implied in the sentence. Or, I have seen this image many times. Today is the first time I realized it was a female. The it in sentence two refers to the image, not the subject of the image. No one was calling her an it. Let go of the wheel.
All the survivors I met were normal.
Replace monsters with mentally ill and I agree with you. Otherwise no. They were monsters. And lots of smart people are borderline sociopaths. Doctors are very often a little weird.
Modern American culture and pre WWII German culture are miles apart. America is nothing like Germany of the 1930s. There is no open hostility towards people of colour or to indigenous people in the US like there was to Jews in Germany before and after WWI. It doesn't compare.
We don't know that. About 2K of the more than 30K liberated from Dachau died shortly thereafter. But there were prisoners who made it to the end and gave up, and prisoners who made it to the end and never looked back. It depended on, like Viktor Frankl said, whether they had a purpose or not.
This story changed my life. I was in a history class in my college exchange year in Germany. The professor was so excited telling this story that he started swearing. "So he sent them a whole fucking moose!" I knew that I was home. I never returned to the US.
That's really interesting. I worked there at the Dachau memorial doing tours and lectures until Covid. Most of what your Uncle says is accurate and any inaccuracies are not his fault. It's such a great thing that his stories are on record. I hope more people watch him once a year. Thanks for posting this.
Those are very very attractive plates.
Remember him!
Fuck you, liar.
Dogs would care. They are good bois.
Ok. I wonder what you mean by High ranking in terms of what, rank? Or notoriety? Because when we look at dudes like Eichmann or Mengele, or Rascher, they were mid-level dudes and still mega evil. Other guys who were high up like Hoess or Weiss or other Camp Commandants got hanged, like they should have. Or the Czechs blew them up by hurling a goddamned anti-Tank mine at their car, like Reinhard Heydrich. Good Czechs. Good throw. I don't consider mid-level officers and managers, high level. So could you clarify more?
Partial quotes like this don’t deserve an answer other than the original quote. &gt; There is no open hostility towards people of colour or to indigenous people in the US **like there was to Jews in Germany before and after WWI.** Learn to discuss things like an adult.
No.
And what if I like Bernie, and think he would have been a good President, but I'm not interested in Marxism? What then? You take medicine when you are sick and when you are well you stop.
It's Hyperbole. The title and thumbnail implies secret Canada Hitler time every Teusday with tea and apologies. The reality is that the article says there are X amount of White Supremacist websites in Canada. It ends by saying the research project leader's opinion is that what they see offline matches what they see online, but implies they haven't actually done any research there yet. Sorry, eh?
Many of them, it's not like I have never looked at it before, but I find it to not be optimal.
Capitalism isn't inherently violent. The violence is entailed in the concept of property. You can have property without capitalism.
Maybe, but that lifelong solution isn't Marxism. And some chronic conditions clear up when other factors are ameliorated.
On Franziskanerstr in Munich there's a Guitarshop. I go there for repairs. It's a bit of a walk from the main train line. I have a hard case for my hollow body guitar and it's heavy, so I carry it over my shoulder. So a few years ago I get stopped on the way by this old man, who told me in German, well first he said hello, then he asked what was in the case. I said a guitar. He asked if it was heavy. I said a bit. He said that when he was my age, that he had been a machine gunner and he carried his machine gun like I carried my guitar. He said it was also heavy and he told me that he carried that damn thing all the way home from the Crimea, cursing it every step. He asked if I was any good. I told him no. He laughed and said he wasn't either, and he much preferred walking without it. Then he said it was very good that I could carry a guitar instead of a machine gun. I agreed. After that he wished me good luck and off he went. He went north and I went south to the shop. Over the shoulder, just like this kid up here, but the old man I talked to was in the Crimea not at Stalingrad.
I understand Marxism. I had to study it for my Degree, I'm not interested in practicing it, or having it practiced on me.
You mean if I had studied it, I'd be a Marxist? No. That's not true. Marx was an amazing dude, his take on commodity fetishism? Spot on. We have that like herpes. But his take on the working class, and his elevation of them to a class that was worthy of running things, over any of the other classes? It ignores the psychological state of power and its corrupting influence on the mind. He was a brilliant economist. A good classicist, and and excellent theorist. He was not a psychologist. He did not understand people. His concept of class war is based on a 19th century understanding of the human condition. So no.
It was. It is not that way now. &gt;There **is** no open hostility towards people of colour or to indigenous people in the US like there **was** to Jews in Germany before and after WWI. You don’t just get to change what I said to an easy argument you can win. My statement above is right.
No it isn‘t. Certain schools of it entail socialism.
It is, but institutional rasicm isn’t really racism. It’s a poor theoretical construction.
I've thought about this so much in the last days. I've had the thought for the last 2 years (Current Thesis Project) that something is wrong with the argument. Systemic racism isn't racism. It's a dumb term. It invites miscommunication. Because it doesn't need an active racist component to work. I heard it described the other day as the shadow of past racism and I think that's accurate. It's like a ghost in the machine doing the work of all that hate from years past. You absolutely get a racial result, but actual racism isn't necessary. And worse it's like a pendulum. Because there are some racists out there still. I mean racist in the classic sense, not racist as in being white. And those racists, if they can, will push the pendulum and keep it going. All the while I believe the vast majority of the country has left real racism, i.e. thinking other races are inferior, bad or worthless, behind. So there's these series of phenomena occurring to black people as an example. They do get more police violence, but they aren't killed more. And Black America is wildly undercapitalized in comparison to other groups. Black American men are caught in a cycle of producing fatherless homes and growing up in them to their detriment. And that's a result of this machinery left over from days when there machinations in place to keep blacks in what seen as their place. And now those machines are just humming along and while black America is saying, "Hey, did you guys hear that?" Some white Americans are like "What? No." And others are like "Yeah what was that?" and others are like "Kekekekekekek." So yeah, the racial disparity of some features of the Republic exists, and it's left over from before. And we should deal with it. But calling it racism is dumb and makes things less easy to fix.
No. It's because American police are caught in a cycle of violence and mistrust with an armed and defiant population. Swedes do what they are told. Americans do not. Both think it is the right way.
Except if there's no racism in the actors then it can't be or shouldn't be called racism. It's a stupid name for a racial disparity in results. There has to be a better way to describe it.
I think that Peterson's advice on fixing your life is solid. I think this OP sucks and said so. Get fucked.
No. That's not true either. Racism against white people has definitely become ok. And that is going to bear bitter fruit when enough white people are pushed far enough. But slavery being over doesn't mean anything. That's just some bullshit and we know it. Black people got the shit end of the stick because the country was adapted with a lot of racist machinations to keep them down. The racism that caused those systems to be put in place, is mostly gone. But the machines are still going in some places, and there are people who stop in once in awhile to check the batteries. And Black America is undercapitalized and getting it's ass kicked in by systemic phenomena they cannot fight or win against alone. So no. Slavery is over. Blacks are still getting the fuck kicked out of them by the game. What has been frustrating to me over the last 10 years is the complete unwillingness of black intellectuals to admit that they need the help and their total willingness to to admit that they don't want it. That is changing now. I am glad. We can beat this thing together. Or it will beat us.
I'm happy to see this bullshit getting downvoted. If someone picks on you because of your race, that's racism. Systemic racism is a dumb concept.
Systemic racism has racism embedded in it. It's entailed. It's not racism itself. Stop being willfully ignorant.
This sub is mostly self help. The mods don't do stuff like that.
No that's not true. It's an economic phenomenon. In 1929 the entire US was decapitalized. The country didn't really recover until WWII recapitalized the country enough for American industry, the middle class and small business recover. For individual families, military pay and war industry pay saved over the course of the war with little to spend it on, plus the GI Bill, and federal loan programs, allowed the country to rebuild itself. Everyone got out of the cities and into the suburbs and really built modern America. Everyone except black America. Regardless of how you see the US now, the US black population was shut out of the recapitalization of the country. It's a fact that they couldn't get their loans or get into all the Universities and colleges. They have never recovered. Slavery is tertiary in that it brought them here and created a country where they could be used and then shut out of the benefits of the War. But the real reason is that they were shut out of the recovery. All black economic woes stem from this.
I don't think that is true or that it has to be true. It can be, but only if the left refuses to take up individual responsibility as the only means of building strong movements.
Fuck yes. Once you are down it starts kicking and it doesn't let up until you pay it.
Yes, and 9/11 as well right?
Or you in a parallel world having gallstones.
Wait, so the Senate is doing what it's supposed to do, right?
It's frankly a good idea on the EUs part. But, crazy that they are considering open the border to the PRC.
With what? The Democracy that's lost? Take a hike. There's a free election coming in November. It belongs to the people of the US. The ones who don't vote are giving it away.
He may very well want to do all those things. We are going to stop him. No he hasn't upended democracy. Yet. Elections are coming. He can't stop them. Stop being a scared victim. Checks and Balances are still functioning. The Senate is Red because people voted them in. Vote them out. Trump is currently checked by the House. He might also be checked by the courts depending on his positions. Back to civics class.
Careful, the democrats allowed the GOP everything they've done and also increased the used of signing statements and prosecuted whistleblowers. We aren't in friendly territory on either side of the aisle. We still have to vote out the President and at least some Senators in November though.
That's dumb. I know fascists. The GOP are some vicious dudes, but they aren't fascists. If they are why aren't you in armed rebellion?
Seriously. IF America had less institutional strength we would be in serious trouble.
Because only Rednecks blame others for their problems?
Starting any contest without signifigant disadvantage is a privilege relative to the disadvantaged participants. So white privilege exists. But only relative to black disadvantage. Being white is no guarantee of success. Being white and making stupid mistakes or having bad luck will still land you at the bottom. The only color that matters at the bottom is green. Landing at the bottom in our system is like jumping off a waterfall and landing in the mess at the bottom. It will crush you, spit you out and drag you under again. Black disadvantage is what can and should be fixed. It should be the focus. That is the problem.
No it was not socialism. The New Deal unfortunately prolonged the depression a bit. What fixed the depression was the recapitalization of America. That happened through capital transfer and wages paid through war service and war production, that were NOT spent for four years because of rationing and lack of anything to spend it on. After the war those nest eggs went into buying property and starting business with government support (Which black america was shut out of, which explains today far more than any other single factor) in the context of an industrial sector that had not been destroyed. State intervention is NOT socialism.
It looks cakey. That means maybe the recipe, or you need to mix it longer, or work that dough more? Cakey isn't good. Brioche should be a bit stringy. [That Alexander dude in France, has a good recipe. I follow it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hY19NK7qBCU) He is pretty cool to watch. Can recommend. Ingredients for a BIG BRIOCHE BREAD ( 12 thick slices ) \- 500g Baking Flour (strong flour, refined one) \- 200g (ml) milk ( small glass ) \- 10g dry yeast (it's often mentioned on packages how many grams there are in em) \- or 20g fresh yeast \- 2 eggs \- 50g sugar =2 heaped tbsp \- 8-10g salt = 1 tsp \- 100g butter (again look at the grams on packages)
If it was destroyed, you couldn't go in November and restore it.
Yes, but if they aren’t unique in this why bring them up?
Who impeached him?
Should they be able to impeach without a vote in the Senate?
We hold the Senate to account. In November. The House and Senate Check each other. That’s what’s supposed to happen. Otherwise Obama would have been impeached as well. What do you think checks and balances are supposed to do? They produce stability. They do not produce change. They stifle it to prevent too much of it at once.
Oh I believe it. Pound cake works well too.
It depends on where in the bottom you go. America's underbelly can be pretty hard to escape from . I don't think Black people are disadvantaged once they achieve a certain trajectory and velocity. They are just as capable as anyone else. But poor blacks have the same disadvantages that poor whites have. Plus a couple of serious disadvantages in comparison that make it very hard for them to reach those trajectories. It doesn't matter if your mother chose single motherhood or if it was forced on her by fate. The difficulty of raising a child by yourself almost guarantees poorer outcomes for kids with only a mother as a parent unless a grandmother is also living in the home. Then the kid has a shot, at least statistically. With just one parent though, the outcomes are looking pretty bad already. And while that disadvantge is race neutral, more black kids per capita are raised by single mothers than white ones. The black family is in tatters. And yes, that's the fault of the parents and their individual choices in your rather tight worldview. But it's the kids who pay the price. That's not fair. It's unamerican. Your take doesn't take into account the actual psychological condition of being at the bottom. Once you are poor and desperate it's not just the system that keeps you there. It's you as well. Being poor is a psychological pressure that actually prevents success in itself. It makes hard to even think. If we were in the same room and you used the word communism like that in a conversation with me I would possibly lose my temper. Communism and Marxism were one of the greatest dangers to the liberty of the world that we have ever seen. It should never be used out of context. Call things what they are. Stop fucking around. This is a serious subject.
Aarrgh!Matey!
It would be your problem. I don’t give a fuck about the Kulaks. The entire Ukraine isn’t worth pisssing on if it’s on fire. I care about the US. The politics of race that are currently hurting the country, prevent class warfare. Preventing class warfare is good. But they also prevent the US from fixing itself and fulfilling its purpose. That’s not good. Your 2D caricature of communism isn’t worth arguing against.
Evgeny is a Russian first name. I’ve been arguing with some Eastern Europeans on this and other threads.
ACAB All Cars are Bear-equipped. I like this much better.
[https://eu.statesmanjournal.com/story/news/2020/06/24/oregon-coronavirus-lincoln-county-mask-ordinance-covid-19/3247895001/](https://eu.statesmanjournal.com/story/news/2020/06/24/oregon-coronavirus-lincoln-county-mask-ordinance-covid-19/3247895001/) They rescinded it. But it was such a stupid idea and a perfect example of what's wrong with this kind of thinking. "I think it was mindfully crafted" said one of the commissioners responsible. “I thought it was mindfully crafted,” he said. “The focus of the directive was really on the health aspect." What a crock of horseapples. It was mindlessly crafted in terms of the "health aspect."
Whoa! I am down with Midwives. I saw all 3 of my kids crown. I am happy when kids are born. It's intense this Bus campaign. But I like it.
That's a good sign. It needs a bit of help. "Ignore the polls, register, **then** vote**"** &amp;#x200B; \#ignorethepollsregisterthenvote
No, nazi is just a shortening of National Socialistische Deppen and Peniswanker Party. Reall. Germans love their abbreviations.
It wasn't illegal.
Source?
This.
True it’s short for Ignatius. But Nazi for the NSDAP doesn’t come into use until the mid 30’s. Goebbels used the term once in 1926. No one else did. Apparently there’s no trace of it in pro or con news articles.
Where does it say in that link, that he was forbidden from becoming head of state?
On one hand the double edged knife of fungibility. We are hard to reach. That's good for defence. But it makes it hard to reach others. Expensive to maintain. On the other we have adopted the military as an industry in our continuing economy and it's subject to market forces and corruption. A perfect example here is the development cost and service life of the Sidewinder Missile versus that of the AAMRAM. If Russia and China had the money they would. The Chinese are preparing to do so. The Russians? It's hard to tell what they are up to. But both have a long long way to go before they catch up.
Don't forget the roughly 10K that volunteered to fight for Finland. (Svenska frivilligkåren) in the Winter War. Or the permittenttrafik that was part of the Swedish Realpolitik neutrality during WWII.
Nagoya is a great place to play shows.
I did not know that. I liked the photo so much, I wrote a poem. I've titled it Big Agave Penis. "Big Agave Penis" ^(by Ryhntyntyn) &amp;#x200B; Big Agave Penis. Have any of you seen this? At spits defiance at the sky. It looks quite phallic I won't lie. Without saying too much more. I've seen that curve before. It looks like it will not be bent. This somewhat turgid succulent. But old age comes to all who grow. Agave's no exception, Hence this plant's erection. &amp;#x200B; It grows in places dry and hot. This hot species of Monocot. And though it's often desert-y. They're also found quite near the sea. As this one right in front of me. Or more exact to be a bore Here right on my monitor. Unlike the willow, or the spruce, Erect it prongs to reproduce. And therein lies its powers. From thence will come the flowers. &amp;#x200B; And start the cycle from the top Life finds a way It doesn't stop And so it goes Just like it should Agaves showing morning wood And flowering ere they die and wilt And sink to rot amongst the silt On their last days they get it up They raise their mast, and thrust it up, Erect and and proud and plucky. We should all be so lucky.
No. I live in Germany. Completely different reaction. Vastly different outcome. Sorry. No.
None of that is an answer to the source of panzerkampfwagon's statement.
"Freedom Donors."
I have read in academic sources, and I'll dig 'em up if there are any interested, about white supremacists in the US (actual white supremacists, like the national alliance or the KKK, not just white Americans who aren't sorry enough) and their adoption of Irish and Celtic symbolism. So unlike the idea from the text in the OP, that studying the history produces nationalistic feelings, there's another side of the coin, where the feelings cause an interest in Irishness. Edit: The Irish in Us: Irishness, Performativity, and Popular Culture from Diane Negra et al. The chapter I first saw this in, was I think Natasha Casey, "The Best Kept Secret in Retail" Selling Irishness in contemporary America, starting on page 84.
We can't know that they aren't comparable unless we compare them first. Maybe conflating them is a bad idea, but comparison is kind of required.
Thanks! I dig plants!
Liam is a very poor scholar and more a political activist. I cringe when I see his name at the damage to the historical field that he has done. [https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/00086495.2018.1531554?journalCode=rcbq20](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/00086495.2018.1531554?journalCode=rcbq20) In the above article it's sadly demonstrated that Liam and Reilly and a few others have, in trying to fight the white supremacist misinformation campaign, spread just as much misinformation. It would be funny if it weren't so sad.
Thanks, I hope I can hold off being cancelled for another week.
Cheers!
Yes, but that couldn't be changed at the time of the pandemic. What he had a choice about was telling the truth, not going back in time and fixing the education system. Deal with what you have, right?
He still should have told the truth about the masks. It's self evident.
True about troop movements. I was thinking about Iron ore.
The Sidewinder was started as a volunteer project. Most of the development work was done in the garages of a couple of engineers. They tested the missile frame and some early components, like the guidance system, strapped to their own cars and a truck driving up and down the Runway at speed. In 2012 the Sidewinder entered its 60th year of Service. Compared to the protracted development time, and the kill records of other missiles, like the AMRAAM or AIM-132 or the Sparrow, that were developed with today's level of Legislative and Industry oversight, McLean's Sidewinder sneaked into the world like an old school silicon valley project and has paid for itself over and over again. The protracted development of the other missiles designed to go farther, and faster, either with different or similar missions, and more bells and whistles has shown the sidewinder to be a very good missile.
True! But That’s not the point. The Sidewinder is 60 years old and one of the most successful and dependable air to air platforms in history. The 9X enjoyed the same protracted development phase and oversight as all other modern weapons platforms. The days of fixing it in the garage and Strapping it to an F150 are done. And yes the D is a great missile. Also not the point. It’s a question of the development cost and method Embedded in process and linked to our defense industry as per my comment above. It is not a simple this is a better missile comment. That’s not what I was talking about.
To what end?
German Generals don’t fight. They defend. They also study logistics. WTF.
But fungibility and cost have inversely proportionate ratio.
The first is a good Point. We could do that with a decent comprehensive database and some Vbasic. It’s public information. Second end. It might, but it might have long term effects that your analysis hasn’t considered. You have pointed out in other threads that there are solutions in place to counter various federal pay programs‘ problems. True. But higher salaries are always a target in any bureaucracy, and strictly cash payments would be more subject to inflation wouldn’t they? Politically it would be easier to slash pay rates in a downturn than benefits. Give a man a fish and he eats for a day, right? Give a politician a fish and she will figure out how to rob you with it. I can see the public stomaching benefits as a cost to be borne. But the savings from cancelling benefits will become a target for legislators and could possibly disappear if the legislators were given half a chance. While I get the sales pitch that prima facie let’s say, increasing enlisted pay might make recruiting easier, I‘m not sure if it holds water completely.
Sure. Why not?
Do we not? The Defense of Marx and Engels that they didn’t mean any of the bad parts or expect people to do them I have heard from marxists and wee bolshies for years. Christ said I am it. Follow me. So he clearly expected it. Locke wasn’t trying to start a movement. Jefferson is a paradox.
Yes on the missiles. Again. :) Not really my point. I picked two systems with different development histories that were successful in order to avoid getting too bogged down in this very discussion. I also avoided mentioning failed/cancelled systems with massive sunk cost loses because I didn’t feel like beating a dead horse. And we‘re talking about billions of losses there. My original point stands. We have a very formalized and extremely expensive method of development and procurement that contributes to the massive cost of our military. It’s part of the way we have industrialized defense defense and we can’t stop with hurting that complex.
That‘s not necessarily true. There might be thousands. Not millions. Brilliance enables escape from birth circumstances. If you don’t get out, you aren’t actually brilliant.
Bullshit. What is this based on?
Look the post I responded to said &gt; Please quote Marx and explain why he is responsible for what someone else did after he died. Don’t What? me. You know exactly what I was responding to. If you have something useful and topical to say, say it.
I’m not here to debate you about Marx. I don’t have to provide examples of what he did that was bad. What I should provide is proof that the defense that he’s somehow not liable is made. And defend the assertion that that defense is bullshit. I have done both My point was that when someone says Marx did or said X,Y,Z that was bad the defense is often given that he’s not responsible post mortem and or didn’t intend for people to use his work or follow his advice. At the top of this thread is someone making exactly that defense. Right here https://www.reddit.com/r/JordanPeterson/comments/gvxhxh/comment/fss8fac He’s not responsible for what people do with his work after he died? That’s bullshit. He wanted people to follow him. He said as much. That’s all there is to say on that subject. Honestly? I I’m not going to get into Peterson’s view of Marx. If you want to debate him on Marx, then write him.
Did he tell people to go be Christian Imperialists?
Yes, I called permittenttrafik part of the Swedish Realpolitik neutrality during WWII.
He also told them to turn the other cheek and let love be the whole of the law. On Marx I told you my position on this already. I’m not going to debate you in that. Look at the beginning of this thread. Like that is so hard.
