Ah yes because nobody has ever lied or deceived on social media nor did we have the capability to judge someone before being able to look them up on social media. All hail the omnipresent and truthful Mouth of Instagram where nothing but truth spews forth like a cleansing stream!
"I prefer this type of woman" = holier-than-thou? Besides he didn't even realize she was talking about herself.
&gt;He treated it as an issue with women being frivolous and concerned about getting those sweet sweet couples selfies on instagram. Nope. He never explained why he laughed. Just that he considered women who would be alarmed by a lack of social media to be the kind of woman he's not interested in. And that's a perfectly valid opinion to have. Interesting that you filled that in from your own imagination though.
&gt;Doesn't matter. I wrote this further down, I have been intimately touched or kissed on four separate occasions by guys I knew less than 20 minutes. Did you have access to their social media? Did anything in their social media warn you that they were capable of this?
Sounds like something is wrong. Cooking water on low for 8 hours should yield at least a 185 degree result. If you're hitting 135 that means the heating elements aren't working properly.
I thought it was age of the failson
&gt;Parents against abortion until their 16 y/o daughter is pregnant My favorite sub-group of these people are the ones who go right back to protesting Planned Parenthood the next day. You see, \*their\* situation was special and unique and therefore justified, unlike those whores who go in normally.
&gt;This is why I hate ostensibly inspirational stories where some bigot reaches an epiphany when they just randomly encounter a good third-person example of that same kind of bigotry directly affecting a close loved one. I think they confuse that narrative with A Christmas Carol, but in that story, Scrooge sees his life and the lives of those he impacted and that retrospection is what redeems him. And on that note, an appropriate quote. &gt;They were a boy and girl. Yellow, meagre, ragged, scowling, wolfish; but prostrate, too, in their humility. Where graceful youth should have filled their features out, and touched them with its freshest tints, a stale and shrivelled hand, like that of age, had pinched, and twisted them, and pulled them into shreds. Where angels might have sat enthroned, devils lurked, and glared out menacing. No change, no degradation, no perversion of humanity, in any grade, through all the mysteries of wonderful creation, has monsters half so horrible and dread. &gt; &gt;Scrooge started back, appalled. Having them shown to him in this way, he tried to say they were fine children, but the words choked themselves, rather than be parties to a lie of such enormous magnitude. &gt; &gt;“Spirit! are they yours?” Scrooge could say no more. &gt; &gt;“They are Man’s,” said the Spirit, looking down upon them. “And they cling to me, appealing from their fathers. This boy is Ignorance. This girl is Want. Beware them both, and all of their degree, but most of all beware this boy, for on his brow I see that written which is Doom, unless the writing be erased. Deny it!” cried the Spirit, stretching out its hand towards the city. “Slander those who tell it ye! Admit it for your factious purposes, and make it worse. And bide the end!” &gt; &gt;“Have they no refuge or resource?” cried Scrooge. &gt; &gt;“Are there no prisons?” said the Spirit, turning on him for the last time with his own words. “Are there no workhouses?” &gt; &gt;The bell struck twelve. A Christmas Carol Stave 3
&gt;Bloomberg has spent three times that on ads alone and he's one fucking man. Bloomberg is so fucking wealthy that he could spend 100% of the money spent in the 2016 election- by PACs, by the house and senate, by all presidential candidates, by EVERYONE, and it'd amount to about 13% of his net worth. He could literally do that every 4 years for 6 elections and still leave his heirs at least a billion dollars.
&gt;i mean, he might. the media still have plenty of time to swing it in trump's favor. Shit if Bernie wins they'll still say that Trump came in a surprising second place in the election and not even show Bernie's picture.
&gt;I have no idea how Biden continues to poll that well. Michael Moore has an interesting anecdote about him on his podcast (which is great, I suggest listening to it. He's full mask off socialist and pro Bernie) from the 2004 Democratic Convention. Moore is waiting for Pres Carter's people to find him because Carter offered a seat to Moore in his like... box. And while waiting, in comes Biden. Starts dropping f-bombs and instantly talks about unions, Flint, Detroit, the whole 9 yards. Moore tells the story with some amusement and a little bit of... I dunno. Respect is the wrong word. Admiration maybe? (though he thinks a Biden presidency would just stall things out, which is almost as bad as more Trump). That makes Biden's numbers make more sense. If he doesn't gaff like he does on the debate stage but is more like Moore's 2004 experience it makes a lot of sense. It sounds like he reads a room quickly and pretty accurately, and that he has just enough coarseness to come off as authentic. In the early caucus states, that kind of interaction can swing a lot of opinions.
Model building is fun. I'm getting into matchbox car modding a little because Gaslands is a fun game but mostly to do something creative.
&gt;I paint Warhammer. That's surely a hobby? AMA. More like a religion.
Confession time. I have zero musical talent. I can bash a song out on the ukulele and that's about it. My dad on the other hand has been playing guitar for... well... 50 years now? He plays wonderful acoustic slide guitar and a pretty good electric and a fantastic traditional acoustic. His #1 dream when I was born? To play music with me. Sigh. I am trying. I really am. I managed to pick through Father and Son by Cat Stevens with him for Father's day a while back and you'd have thought I gave him all creation. It breaks my heart to see that and know that I don't find the joy in it that he does and will always struggle and can't give him the thing he always wanted.
Exactly. About 5 years before the microbrewery thing blew up I was contemplating trying to commercially make beer. I was winning awards pretty consistently with my homebrew. I decided that doing it for a living would make me hate it. Same when I moved on to roasting coffee, although I still have this stupid idea of saving up and buying a nice, used coffee roaster and making roasts to sell at the local farmer's market, more as a self-sustaining hobby than a business. Most people have never tasted roast coffee that's only 24 hours old.
I was responding basically about about successful musical endeavors. Which basically means pop. And I specified pop. And I didn't once say "music sucks now", I called it industrialized corporate slop. Maybe it's tasty to you? If so Yhatzee? I know a lot of people who love it. But you can't deny that we lived/live in an environment where half of the successful music is written by two people and that they literally have like... hit camps that they send acts through in order to pair performers with the next hit. Sure this is a great time for good music too. You can go find basically anything that has been played and recorded in the last century if you spend even a moderate amount of time looking, but those people uploading to obscure soundcloud accounts aren't exactly "successful" in the capacity that was being referenced.
I just googled it and holy fuck that's disturbing
The 10 dollar bill guy is going to want a say in your campaign.
Yeah he'd do stuff like walk into the bathroom and take a leak while talking to you to keep you feeling insecure. His desk if memory serves was jacked up higher than the chairs facing him so he'd always be taller even when sitting down, and didn't he install clear bulkheads in Air Force One to see the length of the plane while giving addresses to passengers &amp; crew? Weird guy. It's such a strange twist of history that he supposedly was against going into Vietnam while Nixon was gung ho about invading.
Well for them it probably is.
&gt;Voting in this state no long matters. It is 100% democrat uni-party into the future. If you have differing opinions from the uni-party then you are already disenfranchised and NOT represented. Great job everybody. Thank the GOP for that. Prop 187 was the death knell of the Republican party. It took 10-15 years to see it's effects but essentially the GOP lost a generation or two of Latino voters over that and aren't in a hurry to undo that damage. Oh and... we feel the same way about the electoral college.
Oh yeah. I heard the tapes where Johnson accused Nixon flat out of Treason and Nixon's campaign manager was all "I know... I know... they won't listen to me". That was the start of what I call the GOP's Treason Hail Mary IMHO. They figured out that Democrats blink on subjects that could result in civil war, so when they \*really\* want to win, they throw a hail mary and know that Democrats won't want to put the US through the consequences of the GOP's actions. You saw it again in the Iran/Contra scandal, you arguably saw it in the W era lies about 9/11, you see it with Trump.
Yeah that's a scary "Come fuck me" look right there...
The first one looks like Chris Matthews in drag.
Didn't we just spend 300 billion on the military in the last like 2 years?
&gt; Doesn't communism require an unrealistic amount of virtue from several actors to function ? I'm going to point out you literally said this in your initial post: &amp;#x200B; &gt; Capitalism is a set of rules. Economic rules =/= the way people play the game (morality). So you admit that Capitalism requires an (arguably unrealistic) amount of virtue from it's participants to function as well to give capitalism a pass.
&gt;Yes, and you don't need to remove private property for everyone to fight that problem. Part of the problem you're encountering here is that socialism, even communism, doesn't necessarily do away with the idea of "private property". Nobody is coming for your toothbrush, let alone your iphone. Your photo album is not communal property to the state. Private property and capital ownership are two very different fundamental things. Think of it this way: there are some things that are declared national resources and are monitored by the government. Technically your not, for example, allowed to move large amounts of gold out of the country without the government knowing about it. Consider factories or lines of assembly as national resources. Since their existence matters to us nationally and communally, we get a say in what they do. This can take a large number of forms, from having workers on the board of directors by law, to democratic/planned decisions on what the factories will make, to co-ops where the workers \*own\* the means of production at that factory communally and as a co-op makes decisions about what to do. But the basic idea is to democratize capital resources so that other stakeholders get a say in how the business is run beyond the owner of the factory. What that factory makes can still be owned. Like I said, nobody is coming for your toothbrush.
&gt;Would corruption disappear in a world where we truly govern democratically? Not necessarily, and the problem with democratizing the workplace is that the goes outs is only as good as the goes ins. Look at unions for example. An educated, motivated, passionate union will be well run and offer not just a service to it's union members but arguably valuable services beyond just labor to the employers- You promise proficient, trained workers, you have a central point you can go to with complaints, the union in theory disciplines it's union members and keeps them professional and resolves issues if the members don't behave properly. In a thriving, committed union, corruption is countered by the will of the many. There's just not enough corrupted numbers to overcome solidarity. But, and I've seen this first hand, if you have most of the union members that are grudging members of the union, or apathetic, or have dropped out and don't attend meetings, or are uneducated/uninformed, then corrupt people can work their way into places of power and turn the system into cronyism. So the socialist answer is to educate the hell out of the youth, teach them that they're part of a whole and to care about each other, and empower them to make decisions and participate intelligently and with forethought, and to \*maintain\* that underlying infrastructure no matter what challenge to it you see.
Right on! I love the woodworking that goes into instrument making it's awesome. My grail project is to make a Hurdy Gurdy out of a kit. My pop's been going through that kind of a kick lately too so I've slowly been buying him luthier tools. He has a full bench now to do electric and acoustic setups and he went through and basically built a clone of Eric Clapton's Blackie. I told him now that he's retiring if he really enjoys that I'll keep buying him a luthier's workshop bits for birthdays &amp; christmas and he can do that as a gig or hobby if he wants. He's sorely tempted. If he retires someplace that he can set up an actual shop I think he'll go for it then I get to help him build the woodworking side. The great thing is that you'll get a sound and a guitar that is special to you. I know from other projects how great it is to see this thing come to life in your hands that is almost an expression of you.
Generally speaking I try to have a few quarts of chicken and vegetable stock on hand at any given time. Root veggies last a long time in the crisper in the fridge, and chicken and fish/shrimp freeze well. Soups are my jam, and they lend well to crock pots.
Considering some historical wars that lasted 100 years or more, we're doing our best to catch up to the idea of like 6 generations of people knowing nothing but war. The real question is... will we get there before humanity cooks in the dutch oven we turned the planet into? It's a real race.
I thought Miss Cleo got busted for fraud and died of colon cancer. This app is a little on the nose.
Not necessarily. You could be a conservative evangelical who believes that the Jews will kick off Armageddon (and in the process get themselves completely killed off, making them the most anti-Semetic motherfuckers out there) and want to encourage that with all their being.
Good ol' NIMBY.
Ultima Ratio Regum Same as it's always been. I guess \*technically\* we have the ability to airstrike targets in Iraq thanks to a treaty so it's legal? I dunno. I'm kind of concerned about this.
Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords?
See while I don't mourn the guy for going, we have to ask if the consequences make the action worth it. I don't think a war with Iran or open hostilities with Iran is "worth it".
You know the 342nd Failson Brigade will just be used to tweet condescending posts at anyone who opposes the war. That's all they're really good at.
If they start now, the F-35 may have the regional map loaded to it's computers sometime in 2021 and be ready to fly by 2022.
None. The US has permanent veto power over the UN. Any UN investigation or action will just be vetoed.
Username checks out.
&gt;I'm not a smart person at all You said it not me.
&gt; It's a platform only used by tools. Basically mouth breathing idiots, barely one rung up from facebook at this point. Says the guy passionately posting to Reddit.
Hence the phrase Banana Republic. I never understood why any company would name themselves that...
I love the John Fugelsang quote on Jesus "And I’m glad we’re talking about Jesus and the GOP candidates today, because we hear them talking about Jesus all the time. They invoke his name incessantly, like a mascot holding pom-poms on the sidelines. And I thought, wouldn’t it be great if they could find a way to get Jesus of Nazareth to come back and run for president on the GOP ticket? Wouldn’t the GOP love to get behind a guy, who was a peaceful, radical, non-violent revolutionary, who hung around with lepers, hookers, and criminals; who never spoke English; was not an American citizen, a man who was anti-capitalism; anti-wealth, anti-public prayer (yes, he was: Matthew 6:5); anti-death penalty; but never once remotely anti-gay; didn’t mention abortion; didn't mention pre-marital sex, a man who never justified torture, who never called the poor lazy, who never asked a leper for a co-pay, who never fought for tax cuts for the wealthiest Nazarenes, and was a long-haired, brown-skinned (that’s in Revelations) homeless, middle-eastern, Jew. Of course, that’s only if you actually believe what’s in the Bible.”
&gt;Owens valley isn't near LA, let alone in it. Owens valley is east of the sierras from Bakersfield. Dude you're like 100 years too late. [Whiskey's for drinking and water's for fighting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_water_wars)
It's also where most of the homeless are. You're going to have to figure out transportation out to the hellscapes of California, and then you're going to have to entice people to go live out int he desert or the boonies or wherever. We can't \*force\* people to go.
&gt;Set up a campus in the Central Valley. One stop shelter and rehabilitation away from the temptations of the coast. Considering how conservative the central valley is... that'll go over like a lead baloon.
&gt;Anyone that has the slightest trouble with self control or delaying gratification is eventually going to slip up too many times and get fired for it. Screw that, with a 4 hour commute traffic is entirely beyond your control. Plus, when you start hitting 3 or 4 hour commutes your life literally boils down to your job, sleep, and traveling to and from your job. You're basically a drone at that point.
Add less fluid. Slowcookers don't evaporate their water. And when you throw veg in, you cook some of that water content out.
Moore? Mask off he's a democratic socialist floating towards straight socialism at this point. His documentaries are partially propaganda, so they're pitched in a way that appeals to and speaks on the level of liberals. He adjusts his message to his audience. When he goes on Maher (and he hasn't in a while that I'm aware of) he tones down some of his more extreme opinions and tries to just move the ball forward, even if only a foot or two. If you listen to the episode he did with Chapo he basically is mask off at that point and goes socialist. His podcasts are pretty good so far, wildly ranging, the one he did about "let me rob you, I'm woke" with Anand Giridharadas is \*excellent\*. He's not afraid to take shots at liberals. Check out Rumble. Some of the episodes are weird, I haven't listened to the one with Ralph Nader yet, and his NYE one is kind of a morose depressed rant, but so far we've got 2 or 3 really excellent interviews in there. But he's pretty much drifting democratic socialist and into socialism.
I already pay 27% taxes every year. If we are going up to 40% from an additional VAT I want a socialist democracy. The big caveat to that is the warning that those countries pay like 40% tax so if I am there as an average household I'll take my socialist safety net thank you very much.
Yeah pretty sure it's 4000ft not 6500. That's cold but probably below snowline. You're looking at highs in the low 40's and lows below freezing in the upper 20's [https://forecast.weather.gov/MapClick.php?lat=36.19860508594845&amp;lon=-118.65097045898439&amp;site=all&amp;smap=1#.XhNzIkdKhPY](https://forecast.weather.gov/MapClick.php?lat=36.19860508594845&amp;lon=-118.65097045898439&amp;site=all&amp;smap=1#.XhNzIkdKhPY) &amp;#x200B; Also, if you search for the campground on the snow evaluator it looks like there's no snowpack. [https://rudplatt.users.earthengine.app/view/snowevaluator](https://rudplatt.users.earthengine.app/view/snowevaluator) &amp;#x200B; So overall it's going to be very, very cold but barring any storms you should be okay if your equipment goes below freezing. Also, a mummy bag doesn't necessarily rate as below freezing, it's just a style of bag. As for staying warm thermal underwear helps. Get a couple hot water bottles and toss them into your sleeping bags full of hot water and that should help keep your temps up for a while. Also try to keep dry. Don't be afraid to abort if your equipment isn't hacking it.
Let's not be so sure. Trump may want to invoke it for ego's sake, especially after his impeachment acquittal, and while the House would never pass such a bill while controlled by Democrats, the Senate wouldn't lift a finger if Trump unilaterally just decided to implement the draft, laws be damned. It'd be taken to court and they'd lose and call it like Bonus Patriot Service and keep doing it. Three Republican Senators would express serious concern and then STFU and Buttigeig would talk about how unsettling the events are but refuse to call it a draft. It seems bullshit but literally every one of those things on their own have happened in the last year on a smaller scale.
&gt;This isn't some rich guy thing, this is true for all jobs at every level. Referals from inside a company, "I know someone who's good at that", targeted recruiting... It happens with bands and restaurants and arts and banks and software and manufacturing. Yup. There's a reason why people I haven't worked with in 15 years get christmas cards and well wishes on their birthday. I'm ruthless when it comes to exploiting my professional social network for jobs. And it pays off.
&gt;Yep I was going to say, anyone that has been employed should realize this is part of the system. I"d say it's the majority of the system. The people who are like "work hard and hustle constantly for 14 hours a day" miss the point. It's not volunteering for the extra work that makes you look good and gets you the promotion, it's working with your boss or a higher up and getting chummy with them that helps. And not always even then, but at least it usually means you're at the front of the line.
Fuck the Shah.
This is part of what really scares me. Either they're supremely lazy trying to tie it to 9/11 or they really mean to go to war, since tying this to 9/11 lets them bypass congress because I believe the GWOT military authorization is still in effect.
In real life too. Even \*before\* she got into the race people were like "if you like anyone else you're murdering the Constitution". I lost more friends to the Cult of the Mother Goddess Hillary than I did to the Trumpocracy.
&gt;While I wasn't on Reddit in 2016, I do remember knowing &gt; &gt;way &gt; &gt; too many people who were "Bernie or bust" voters who refused to vote since he lost the primary. Apparently in Michigan millions of Democrats voted a straight democratic ballot... and left the presidential race empty. That wasn't Bernie-or-bust, that was Hillary taking blue collar working people for granted in the rust belt. The midwest states she lost by like 15,000 votes each she \*never fucking visited\*. She took them for granted and lost. Specifically, she was letting an AI algorithm run her campaign and it told her to ignore those states. Leading up to the election, we got tons of articles on how Ada, the AI/algorithm that was at the core of Hillary's strategy, was going to revolutionize politics. Now we pretend like it never existed. Also, let's be honest. There were fewer "Bernie or Bust" people in 2016 than there were PUMAs in 2008. You might not remember that but I do. PUMAs were the sour Hillary supporters in 2008 who refused to back Obama. It stood for Party Unity My Ass. And the Bernie Bros story? That was a 2008 Hillary trick that she brought out and dusted off again. In 2008 they were "Obama Boys", but it didn't work because Obama was young and black and it didn't get the agist racist traction that the Bernie Bros got. [https://www.salon.com/2008/04/14/obama\_supporters/](https://www.salon.com/2008/04/14/obama_supporters/) Anecdotal evidence is fine, but it doesn't always reflect the reality of a narrative. An unusual amount of Hillary surrogates in 16 went on to write for the news media and have thus shaped a lot of the retrospective of that election.
Even if Bernie won the presidency, we'd probably have 4 years of the news reporting on the Vice President and never mentioning Bernie. If they treated Trump the way they treat Bernie, ie ignoring him whenever possible, Trump wouldn't have a lot of the power he has.
Eh I'm upfront about it. I forward on job offers too. I also am part of a distro list of a lot of people I used to work with and we still use each other as a hive mind for IT issues. I don't find it that manipulative. If you enjoyed working with them and you stand to potentially benefit, why \*not\* stay in touch? We live in a psycho-competitive world and I am not 20 any more and can't compete by cutting my wages, so I compete in other ways. Would I prefer it to be a different way? Sure. But that's our economy.
&gt;I understand they say you don't need to hang it, but if a bear, mountain lion etc gets to it, all your food, toothpaste, chapstick, etc is going to be one giant pile of mush. But it's better than starving of course. I haven't heard much from the sleeve that you can put into the sack. You're adding weight naturally but in heavy bear areas it might be worth it.
So here's the thing. The boardgame community has a big... erum... "issue" with the Cult of the New. Things will generally drop under the surface of hype for anything that's more than a few months old. Kickstarter made a bad issue even worse with the torrent of games that it provides. Buy what is interesting to you and what reviews well (find reviewers that you agree with). Teotihuacan is a good euro worker placement game with a few other elements pushed into it. If you're into euro worker placement games you'll enjoy it. Plus, it just had a new expansion come out for it, so it's doing enough business to warrant an expansion.
&gt;Take a look at that, especially removing stuff from the last 15 years That's a terrible idea. The past 15 years have seen immense innovation in genres and cross-genres. Puerto Rico is hardly the pinnacle of action drafting games and I feel it's place on the BGG list is a result of atrophy and inactivity more than anything else. I'd put Race for the Galaxy up against it any day for a better action drafting game and that game itself is fairly old and suffers from dated iconography. The only exceptions on that list that don't show their age is generally El Grande and Tigris &amp; Euphrates (Crokinole is a weird outlier and at around 150 bucks for a quality entry crokinole board is not something I'd ever suggest to a beginner cold). Even Memoir '44, which I generally love, suffers from some very dated game design. BGG's list is interesting but flawed in that most people vote for a game when impressions are fresh and then don't go back and update it. Ever. So games that may supplant older games in reality are often in practice competing with games that nobody really plays any more.
&gt;We usually play it a few times, and pick it up quickly I suppose. Ideally it only costs each person $2-$5 and it's not a huge bother. 2 bucks each into a 50 dollar game? You have 25 people in your gaming group? Do you have like double elimination tournies then?
Seriously consider Virgin Queen too. Same designer, takes place a few years after HiS, and has some lessons learned on rule design (although to be fair I think he backported them into the 500th anniversary edition of Here I Stand). Plus, rolling on the "Elizabeth's Jilted Lover" table is a hoot.
That would make the game obscenely easy. Yeah. Pull a card from the bottom of the deck, infect to 3, discard, \*shuffle\* discard and plop it back on top of the infection deck, then continue your turn as normal. There's a non-zero chance that during your infection phase you \*will\* pull that city you just infected from the epidemic and pop the city off. Also, you have 3 cities at the beginning of the game at level 3 infection. Sure, those don't get shuffled until your first epidemic, but they're still a risk, especially if they're scattered everywhere.
I have several of these babies for MTG and they're approaching 30 years old and are still holding up [https://www.walmart.com/ip/BCW-1000-COUNT-ct-Corrugated-Cardboard-Storage-Box-Sports-Trading-Gaming-Cards/223683549?wmlspartner=wlpa&amp;selectedSellerId=13984&amp;adid=22222222227256054927&amp;wl0=&amp;wl1=g&amp;wl2=c&amp;wl3=302045435167&amp;wl4=pla-540484420504&amp;wl5=9031667&amp;wl6=&amp;wl7=&amp;wl8=&amp;wl9=pla&amp;wl10=125215900&amp;wl11=online&amp;wl12=223683549&amp;veh=sem&amp;gclid=CjwKCAiA0svwBRBhEiwAHqKjFj5Cy3JXGh\_pc5tA-ZUej3B-IficBO7I8RJMjoETp20qPF0e0zLB5BoCrSYQAvD\_BwE](https://www.walmart.com/ip/BCW-1000-COUNT-ct-Corrugated-Cardboard-Storage-Box-Sports-Trading-Gaming-Cards/223683549?wmlspartner=wlpa&amp;selectedSellerId=13984&amp;adid=22222222227256054927&amp;wl0=&amp;wl1=g&amp;wl2=c&amp;wl3=302045435167&amp;wl4=pla-540484420504&amp;wl5=9031667&amp;wl6=&amp;wl7=&amp;wl8=&amp;wl9=pla&amp;wl10=125215900&amp;wl11=online&amp;wl12=223683549&amp;veh=sem&amp;gclid=CjwKCAiA0svwBRBhEiwAHqKjFj5Cy3JXGh_pc5tA-ZUej3B-IficBO7I8RJMjoETp20qPF0e0zLB5BoCrSYQAvD_BwE)
Nice! This is close to my budget sausage &amp; peppers. If you want to up the complexity a little a finely chopped onion would do well. A little butter would add a really nice flavor- my go-to red sauce is butter and tomatoes with half an onion simmered for 45 minutes and then tossing or eating the onion. I love Canelli beans in a tomato sauce.
Someone needs to use the NPR voice and like... read recipes or the phone book or something out for 3 hours around rush hour. I like NPR's classical music.
Too late Iran. Tony Stark is dead.
Amazon is going to mourn the Overlord Bezos by offering everyone 3 months of Amazon Prime for free! It's now being changed to be called Bezos Prime as stipulated in Jeff Bezos' will.
&gt;He makes good music? Wasn't his thing taking other peoples' music and rapping over it? Maybe you could accuse him of being a good lyricist &amp; performer, but does he actually create music?
And a big flag silkscreened with Scarface in front of a mound of cocaine.
I honestly think Fight Club is a good movie. It's changed 2 or 3 times for me since it came out and I was a teenager. When it came out, I got off on the surface fight club shit. I could have easily been a total space monkey. In my 20's, I got the sort of but not quite anti-consumerism and nihilism vibe and appreciated it for that. In my 30's I see the movie's rejection of Tyler's philosophy and realize Fincher is satirizing himself and the movie. At this point Fight Club is this weird rejection of itself on nearly every level wrapped up in a pitch black satire. I actually find it to be a rare instance of it being better than the book.
Heh. It's Adam Smith, the Theory of Moral Sentiments, Pt 1, Ch 3. There's a reason why capitalists almost universally avoid the fuck out of Adam Smith, and why Marx actually had some respect for the man. His view of capitalism is \*very\* nuanced and complicated and honestly looks more like socialist democracy than anything a neolib would puke out.
Let's be honest... everyone hates the crossfit evangelists. They meant for you to like... post a picture of a colored ribbon or someone's acceptance speech with a YAAAAS QUEEN! subject.
His name is Robert Paulson.
&gt;Hamburger is an easy and consistent winner. Every other beef product just turns into beef jerky. It's good.... just know what to expect. Mix in some bread crumbs with your raw hamburger too to improve texture. Helps with rehydrating.
The leaner turkey sausage \*might\* work. There's bags of crumbles out there you can buy and they have some fat but they're actually pretty lean. The Jimmy Dean sausages run 8% fat, which is right about the low end of fat content for ground beef jerky. Since they're pre cooked in theory you should just be able to dump them on the tray and dehydrate, though I've never tried. You'd want to blot any oil/fat up that beads up on the sausage. I have zero idea how they'd re hydrate though. Otherwise google suggests that freeze dried sausage is preferable to dehydrated.
This is what I used too in the walls. Scored it and pieced it in with a little glue. Works great.
I went through Frazier before New Years and there was only a foot or two of snow on the ground then, and it hasn't really snowed since then. My guess is going to be there's no snow. Edit: looked at the traffic camera for Frazier, no snow in that shot. Maybe at higher altitudes.
Bone broth is just traditional broth that hasn't been processed to hell and back. You need bones to make broth at home (assuming you're making animal-based stock. Fish stock needs... well... fish bits (bones work well here too), and vegetable stock only needs veggies). Also, you put a lid on the slow cooker so that it doesn't boil off. It will a little, it's not air tight, but you can add more water. So that's not an issue. It takes 24-48 hours for me to make slow cooker broth/stock, so usually these days I use either an instant pot or if I'm making a lot of stock I'll use a stovetop pressure cooker. Takes 1-2 hours instead of 1-2 days.
&gt;Love asking people who coined the "military industrial complex" and have them guess a leftist when it's that boi. Historical footnote: In the original speech, he called it the "Military Industrial Congressional Complex" because he saw how Congress was vital to the cycle of military spending but decided to leave that out since it would be throwing a few too many firebombs at the government.
&gt;we have to come to terms that &gt; &gt;a lot &gt; &gt;of people are just plain fucking &lt;Automod chided me for quoting this???&gt;. “Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.” \-George Carlin
I've stopped thinking of it as nihilism and more as we're about to discover one solution to Fermi's Paradox. This makes me mildly interested in the future and I sincerely wonder if, at the end, when we're Mad Max'ing our way across the planet in our last hurrah, if we'll actually admit to ourselves how we fucked things up so badly, or if we'll still deny that anything is actually wrong.
I took a History of the US: Vietnam Era class in college (incidentally an \*excellent\* class. No bullshit, studied both sides, I left feeling really really conflicted about Vietnam) and one of the books I read was Brothers in Arms about the first vet to return to Vietnam after we left. [AbeBooks link](https://www.abebooks.com/9780380703555/Brothers-Arms-Journey-Peace-William-0380703556/plp) It's... fascinating. Was written about a trip in 84 and you can already see how complex and resilient the Vietnamese are as a culture. Apparently the most useful phrase he learned when he was over there was "I am not a Russian". I guess at that point Vietnam was like Russia's Tahiti and they resented being treated that way. We also read McMaster's Dereliction of Duty, which is why my brain scrambled when he agreed to work for Trump. I would not put the person who wrote that book into the Trump administration. I still say that's a must-read however.
Koch money goes all the way back to his Civil War series. I can't remember if Chevron does too. That's pretty common to see though in PBS funding. Edit: Why the downvotes? It's true. I'm not defending anyone.
So is profit.
I wonder what the emissions for tweeting out 50 times a day are...
It's possible that the number has increased due to all the production that Netflix is doing directly now. That's going to be nearly impossible to calculate though I suspect.
Looks like this is not only legit but applying to students graduating starting this year. It's in the current HS Graduation criteria. &amp;#x200B; [https://cps.edu/SiteCollectionDocuments/gocps/HS-minimum-graduation-requirements.pdf](https://cps.edu/SiteCollectionDocuments/gocps/HS-minimum-graduation-requirements.pdf)
Not technically but he literally believes the only way that Democrats will be in power is to find \*the\* most conservative people you possibly can who will run under the Democratic ticket. He was responsible for the 2008 "blue dog" Democrats. Basically DINOs. They lasted one term and were arguably why the ACA wasn't more robust. Check out the Chapo interview with the author of a book on Rahm. His politics are arguably partially responsible for why the Democrats really alienated the working class over the last 10 years. [Chapo Ep 318](https://player.fm/series/chapo-trap-house/ep-318-rahm-emmanuelle-the-joys-of-a-neolib-feat-ryan-grim-52729)
&gt;He's an establishment dem, so he's basically a republican but about 30 years behind. Rahm especially is so neolib that he might only be 5 years behind the Republicans.
Pfft. Clinton/Clinton. Chelsea is 39.
In IT zero is significant. Interface 0 is technically your "first" interface. So that means it's all Beto now!
Small Town Murder podcast has an episode where "White Trash" is actually an attempted legal defense in a murder appeal. It's fucking hilarious. The whole podcast is fucking hilarious really. [https://www.stitcher.com/podcast/crime-in-sports/small-town-murder/e/53615506?autoplay=true](https://www.stitcher.com/podcast/crime-in-sports/small-town-murder/e/53615506?autoplay=true)
Shit we don't even support our \*own\* democracy. Claiming that we spread democracy is a flat sham.
It wouldn't be 5 dollars. Go check out private campgrounds, they charge 50 bucks a night for a patch of bare earth to pitch a tent.
Pause the video, fast forward it to the last frame. The top 400 richest people in America, all billionaires, pay a lower tax rate than the bottom 30% of Americans. Than actually anyone else in reality.
&gt;Quality of content (or at least quality &gt; &gt;control &gt; &gt; of content, I guess quality itself is subjective) has definitely increased, older editions published hilariously broken, obviously untested (or minimally tested) shit all the time and even the balance of core content was wack. That's easy when you only have a handful of products out on the market. 4E was just a straight up hot mess and is indefensible but 3E had hundreds of books put out in it's time, so yeah, you get incredibly broken rules combinations simply because of how long that game system went on.
He heard the chuds talking about how hot Persian women are and decided that the military needed a fringe benefit.
Small Town Murder is at times tear-inducing in how funny it is. Listen to Gunbarrell Texas for Betty Lou Beets, that's a classic. Um... There's one about Arizona... uh... Episode 62- Three Points Arizona, which goes on about a shit bucket and someone named Rusty Medina that they nickname a sex act after that's effing hilarious. Great podcast. Crime in Sports is great too. You have to have a bit of a morbid sense of humor, though they do go out of their way not to make fun of the victims or the victims families. They're assholes, not scumbags.
Plain yellow or brown mustard?
&gt;socialism and communism is the forceful taking of personal property No. It isn't. Personal property exists even in communism. You've been told this by people who stand to profit from your misunderstanding. People in Scandanavia own toothbrushes and televisions. People in China or Vietnam do too. Socialism is the agreement that certain services are fundamental to the dignity of humanity and thus are taken care of by the country. We have socialism in our country. The military, police, and fire departments are all socialist organizations. The VA is a socialist organization- We believe that veterans deserve to be cared for, especially if wounded, for their services. The implementation may be a mess, but this sentiment is the core of socialism. Socialism is the country's decision that some things should be handled collectively and are just available. Commonwealth and the commons are socialist in concept. National resources are considered the commons and held in trust of the population. The airwaves technically are commonly owned by us all and are only licensed out, temporarily, to companies for use. Socialism just decides that something like health care falls under that umbrella. What falls under that umbrella is our choice. It is the literal democratization of our quality of life, it is the collective ownership of our basic human dignity. I personally find it fits in very well with Matthew 25:31-46. It's just instead of an individual decision, it's a societal decision. Communism basically declares factories and natural resources to be of national interest and thus nationalized and democratized. It's more complicated than that, but even in Communism (which I don't believe is the best solution incidentally) you still have private property. There is a mountain of difference between private property and capital property. The vast majority of people who eschew socialism aren't actually Capitalists. They own no means of production, no capital. Please go read the original sources and don't rely on people who profit from you taking their opinion. I include Adam Smith as suggested reading. I've yet to meet a Capitalist that actually reads Adam Smith. They usually stop well before they read quotes like this: *This disposition to admire, and almost to worship, the rich and the powerful, and to despise, or, at least, to neglect persons of poor and mean condition, though necessary both to establish and to maintain the distinction of ranks and the order of society, is, at the same time, the great and most universal cause of the corruption of our moral sentiments. That wealth and greatness are often regarded with the respect and admiration which are due only to wisdom and virtue; and that the contempt, of which vice and folly are the only proper objects, is often most unjustly bestowed upon poverty and weakness, has been the complaint of moralists in all ages.* *We desire both to be respectable and to be respected. We dread both to be contemptible and to be contemned. But, upon coming into the world, we soon find that wisdom and virtue are by no means the sole objects of respect; nor vice and folly, of contempt. We frequently see the respectful attentions of the world more strongly directed towards the rich and the great, than towards the wise and the virtuous. We see frequently the vices and follies of the powerful much less despised than the poverty and weakness of the innocent. To deserve, to acquire, and to enjoy the respect and admiration of mankind, are the great objects of ambition and emulation. Two different roads are presented to us, equally leading to the attainment of this so much desired object; the one, by the study of wisdom and the practice of virtue; the other, by the acquisition of wealth and greatness. Two different characters are presented to our emulation; the one, of proud ambition and ostentatious avidity. the other, of humble modesty and equitable justice. Two different models, two different pictures, are held out to us, according to which we may fashion our own character and behaviour; the one more gaudy and glittering in its colouring; the other more correct and more exquisitely beautiful in its outline: the one forcing itself upon the notice of every wandering eye; the other, attracting the attention of scarce any body but the most studious and careful observer. They are the wise and the virtuous chiefly, a select, though, I am afraid, but a small party, who are the real and steady admirers of wisdom and virtue. The great mob of mankind are the admirers and worshippers, and, what may seem more extraordinary, most frequently the disinterested admirers and worshippers, of wealth and greatness.*
They're on average the second cheapest option too. Most national parks I visit charge 25 a night, which is swinging but whatever. National forests are usually the cheapest, from free up to about 13 bucks or so a night. State parks in CA start at 30 and go up, and private campgrounds usually charge swinging fees and their big deal is that they're close to some famous place.
Nah it was an MSR Miniworks and it was so long ago that it was considered one of the gold standards. A couple years later this thing from a company called Sawyer came along and revolutionized \*all\* that. These days for half the weight I have a sawyer gravity filter system and for day hikes I have the msr trailshot. Nice little fast flow water pump. Kind of like a drinking fountain. LPNF is great although a huge portion of it burned a few years ago. Check out [www.hikelospadres.com](https://www.hikelospadres.com) for trails and camp reports and water conditions. LP is definitely a winter/spring backpacking destination since that's when the water's flowing best. During the summer backpacking out there is awful with a chance of stupid because you pack like it's the back country but in reality it's dry desert camping in triple digit heat.
I'm building a woodie teardrop and if it ever gets taken apart for repairs there are signatures, graffiti, jokes told during the construction, insults, thank yous, commentary on the design (I believe there's a "f\*ck this corner in particular" in the sleeping cabin where the wiring and joints made for a weird spot), and basically a living history of all the people who worked on it during the years I've been slowly building it. The one thing I insist is all help tag it somewhere on the body, or at least sign &amp; date it. Sadly you'd probably have to destroy it to actually take it apart to the point where you started seeing all of it but it's all there.
Congrats! I downloaded a copy of my data- some photos and stuff I want to keep, about... oh... seven months ago now. Never felt better. My crossing point was reading about the content moderators that basically are tortured 8 hours a day watching the vile crap that gets uploaded. [https://www.theverge.com/2019/2/25/18229714/cognizant-facebook-content-moderator-interviews-trauma-working-conditions-arizona](https://www.theverge.com/2019/2/25/18229714/cognizant-facebook-content-moderator-interviews-trauma-working-conditions-arizona) [https://www.theverge.com/2019/6/19/18681845/facebook-moderator-interviews-video-trauma-ptsd-cognizant-tampa](https://www.theverge.com/2019/6/19/18681845/facebook-moderator-interviews-video-trauma-ptsd-cognizant-tampa) &amp;#x200B; Decided I couldn't be a part of that and I left. Didn't help that it had turned toxic AF. I've been happier and healthier mentally for a while now.
&gt;Why do u care that your data is sold? I don't like being a product if I can help it personally.
Sorry I should have clarified. In an earlier draft of the speech he included "Congressional" but backed out of it. He considered the legislature to be critical to the military industry but didn't want to piss off congress more than he was going to.
Chicken or turkey strips. Sweet potatoes too. Slice with grain of meat thin then dehydrate. Or for sweet potatoes peel &amp; cut off any green areas, slice thin, dehydrate.
Nope. It's legit. Google "dependa" for the meme. Basically, they think they should be saluted, should be referred to by their SO's rank, and I could go on and on. It's apparently a pretty bad slur to use, but I'd say it's appropriate in this case.
Moderately. Wine markups are usually swinging but your basic house wine depending on what state you're in I'd say that's either well chardonnay or one step up. In CA it'd be a step up since wine is fucking dirt cheap (seriously, go to Trader Joe's and you'll get a fine bottle of wine for under 20 bucks, if you know what brands are good but cheap you can do it for under 10).
I'm mildly surprised it's not a white zin or a rose.
&gt;You would - because without inheritance all the other home owners wouldn't just give their home to their descendants for $0. Bullshit. Parents will sell the house to their kids for 1 dollar then. Or start up a corporation, have the corp buy it, and then either sell or let the kids buy it for a dollar. And if you hit them for the loss, now you're saying that financial losses can be penalized, and that opens up a \*giant\* can of worms. This is a bigger systemic issue than a simple fix can remedy.
Counter-argument: Using the Carroll logic thread, if you inherit, you did not earn. Therefore, you don't get the moral right to direct that inheritance where you wish.
&gt;the area is somewhat affordable though &amp; much less expensive than some others. First time I''ve ever seen a 2 bedroom apartment for 2400 a month described as "somewhat affordable". I had to move to the central valley but what I pay 1200 a month for would cost over 3000 in Ventura. It may be my hometown but it's way too expensive for me to ever return.
It's going to pay your consultant's bills for a long while. You have to put effort into it to get something out of it. I've been in enough workplaces with half-assed implementations of SNOW to know that anything less than a serious commitment to making it work is going to be kind of a hot mess.
Not yet. Officially they're "working on it" but that was last updated October 2018. &amp;#x200B; [https://microsoftteams.uservoice.com/forums/555103-public/suggestions/17727499-move-conversations-to-different-channels](https://microsoftteams.uservoice.com/forums/555103-public/suggestions/17727499-move-conversations-to-different-channels)
I am so over that meme. It's ignorant and ageist, and has gone from a narrow usage to just hating on people older than you by some arbitrary number of years.
I feel like the point went so far over his head that it left contrails.
Well yeah. That's because it was basically Episode 4 with better effects.
&gt;Like really, describe the main traits of our protagonists at the beginning of the movie and how they develop from there. I can. They go from ends justifying the means to self-sacrifice generally. Baze either finds his faith or honors his friend's faith, and K-2SO is just great all the way through. I will concede that the first act isn't as strong as the later portions of the movie, and Cassian's change of heart isn't very well illustrated. But considering they basically edited together a new movie from those parts, it's understandable. That being said, I really appreciated the Dirty Dozen/war movie approach, I appreciated a movie where big characters die, I appreciated how high the stakes were. And yes, I appreciated Vader just going primal on the rebels.
&gt;David Lynch should have directed the prequels like he was asked to direct ROTJ. After what the studios did to Dune I doubt he ever would have touched straight sci-fi again. I think he originally wanted a trilogy, they said hell no, so he was going to go for like a 4 hour marathon movie and that's what he filmed, then they made him chop it down to 2. My dad remembers when the movie came out they had an index cheat sheet with definitions of all the strange words on it that they'd hand to moviegoers to read before watching the movie. That's bad. Which is sad. There's some camp in Dune, but visually it's still largely magnificent, and the tone and themes and the scope are probably the best reflection of the novels out of any of the live action adaptations. The Sci-Fi Channel's attempts were honest to the plot of the book but were... terrible. The casting was largely bad, the characters were running around in costumes that had felt from Michael's glued to it, they used sets that were horrendously bad (I remember one desert scene where you could see the wrinkles in the backdrop where they piled sand up onto it, and while the backdrop was done in blues, the scene was lit with green light, so it made the transition horribly noticeable). Production values aside it just didn't feel like Dune to me. .
&gt;I dunno, they could've brought it back around to trying to de-indoctrinate stormtroopers like the cut scene from TLJ (instead of just having another ex-stormtrooper to be with) or have him try to learn to be part of the Rebellion, since they don't operate like the First Order does (presumably more openly and fairly). Maybe, but that's a new story. Finn's arc was selfish &amp; survival focused first, then he opened up to save his friends, then he opened up to just sacrifice for the greater good. Don't get me wrong. I actually love the character and the actor and was happy he stuck around, but from a narrative perspective I felt like his story was finished in TLJ even after watching ep 9 (I can't say ROTS because that's both Rise of the Skywalker \*and\* Revenge of the Sith. WTF JJ?) I'm glad I watched episode 9, but the feeling I got from TLJ has remained with me. I'm done with Star Wars. Unless something \*really\* unique comes along I think I'm done with the IP. Not like, ragequit or angry, just... done. The same way I felt done after watching Avengers Endgame. I feel like the story is over. There can be other stories yes, but that's a new investment and really they haven't convinced me to buy in.
I've asked my family to either consider those eco-funerals where they put you in the ground in a sheet and plant a tree over you or one of those coral reef seeds. They cremate you and bake you into the concrete block that they seed coral on and drop you into the ocean. After 50 years you become a reef teeming with life. That assumes we have coral reefs in 50 years though...
I don't think we're trivializing addiction so much as \*he\* trivialized it by making it out to be a weakness to just simply be avoided.
Eh. He set the standards. We're just holding him to them.
I strongly urge people to read the op ed from what was probably once Peterson's best friend to get a better idea of the guy. [https://web.archive.org/web/20180527054621/https://www.thestar.com/opinion/2018/05/25/i-was-jordan-petersons-strongest-supporter-now-i-think-hes-dangerous.html](https://web.archive.org/web/20180527054621/https://www.thestar.com/opinion/2018/05/25/i-was-jordan-petersons-strongest-supporter-now-i-think-hes-dangerous.html)
&gt;Sucks that rey didnt level up though, movies are way better when they're structured like ~~video games~~ stories dating back to prehistory FTFY Rian couldn't escape the monomyth structure, or was too lazy to and ended up with a half-assed mess. Rey went to the literal crazy wizard/wise man to gain the special knowledge that allows her to continue on her journey and Rian was just too lazy or too busy jerking off to his subversions to show her reading a book when Luke was intentionally ignoring her. That's all you needed. 10 seconds. JJ Abrams is kind of a shit storyteller but he knew enough to show that much to the audience in episode 9. Also you're missing the forest for the trees. The problem I have with the fuel thing is not that it's suddenly introduced (okay technically we see X &amp; Y-wings fuel up but that's it), but that the movie fails under it's own internal logic by having little tiny shuttles jump multiple times halfway across the galaxy whereas the capital ships that \*fuel\* the smaller ships runs out of gas after one jump. Again, 5 seconds to have someone report to Leia or Holdo "Our fuel transport never made it off planet" or whatever would have fixed that but \*shrugs\*.
Dennis Villenueve has the director's chair for a movie reboot and it hits in December this year. It actually looks pretty tasty and I'm waiting patiently for a trailer. And after seeing how gorgeous the new Bladerunner was, I'm fucking all on board for seeing Herbert's universe in it's baroque glory. There's a couple of castings that feel weird (Jason Momoa as Duncan? Really???) but there's also some inspired castings in it too. [https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1160419/](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1160419/) Oscar Issac who plays Leto says that the visuals for this one are kind of nightmarish and brutalist. I'm very, very curious. Villeneuve managed to change my opinion on Bladerunner 2049 from "I fucking hate that this was done" to "If it was not a sequel it'd be magnificent". Arrival was a really fun sci fi movie even if it was a luke warm mess because of the time shifts. Oh and more good news, they're splitting the movie up into two parts so they don't have to cram 9 hours of story into 2 hours of movie.
None of the recipes I read said you needed to. I'd probably run the chicken or whatever at 160 just to be safe.
I've done this too. Works fine. One thing I'll point out is to WRITE A SCRIPT FIRST or at least a really good outline. This will minimize your pauses, your ums and ahs and generally make the video easier to listen to.
&gt;For me, Destiny became a job Amen. I keep seeing that popping up over and over again. Everyone is saying it feels like a job. My clan exploded a few weeks ago. The founder quit because he wasn't playing D2, and about 75% of the original clan that I joined split off and made their own super secret serious gaming clan (Originally the clan I joined was supposed to be kicked back and relaxed, I played a lot more with them, and then a bunch of them got serious, and suddenly like, I wasn't playing with them any more because I wasn't super serious). I haven't played with the clan remains ever since. It's sad.
&gt;Same. I realized this partway through Shadowkeep, when I just didn't feel like doing the season pass anymore. It's cool if other people enjoy this style, but my free time is too limited to want to put myself through that, and there's other games that I'd enjoy playing more for my time. I wonder what the psychological impact of having the season artifact reset every 3 months is on people. For me, it was incredibly discouraging even though I didn't lose that much. It was like the game took it's mask off and laid bear the treadmill that it is.
FTA: &gt; We can prepare for the next drought now, when it’s raining, without harming the environment, by storing more water. We can care for the homeless better and keep all residents safer from health risks by removing people from the streets. The courts have ruled; as long as shelter is available, there is no constitutional right to camp on city streets. We can be tough on criminals but realistic that much crime is due to a drug or health problem rather than a law enforcement one. We can make California friendly to business and agriculture so our residents possess jobs with a future. This is just the same old GOP that I grew up with in the 80's and 90's. It's not some new "center way", it's just conservatism with the dog whistles restored. It's the Compassionate Conservatism that was blown up our asses back in the 90's and first half of the aughts, and nothing has changed. Let's translate this: 1. Dam up valleys and destroy entire ecosystems. I always ask where they want to put the dams, because there's geographical requirements, you can't just put them wherever or they fail (see the St Francis dam disaster), and they look blankly at me. 2. Instead of addressing the roots of homelessness, just get them off the streets. Out of sight out of mind. 3. Tough on crime. The "yeah but" part is just window dressing. You can't be compassionate to people stuck in the legal system cycle \*and\* be tough on crime. They're mutually exclusive. 4. Deregulate. That's always what they mean when they say making a state "friendlier" to business. I point to Kansas and the failed experiment of Brownback and how they basically destroyed the state by trying to make it "friendlier" to business. At the end, these are all classic Republican pitches with a new name.
Honestly since we don't know how picky "picky" is (I know "picky eaters" who basically eat chicken nuggets and pizza and that's it) it's hard to suggest. Most of the med recipes I've seen isn't hot spicy unless specifically desired, but they do use a lot of citrus as flavoring depending on the region. My suggestion is to get a big cookbook like America's Test Kitchen complete Mediterranean cookbook and just go through it and bookmark off recipes that will fit. Without knowing what "eat like a kid" means it's kind of hard to get more particular than that.
&gt;Also Kansas is the dumpster fire we point to when talking about Establishment Republican policies. The really good example that's harder to refute is Minnesota versus Wisconsin. Very similar states that diverged in government policy at the same time (2010,) with Minnesota (California policies) dominating Wisconsin (Reaganism) in just the few short years after they diverged. I'll have to check that out thanks! If you have any links I'd be greatly appreciative.
&gt;The main difference is conceptions of power and process The politics of this primary I explain using the Titanic as an analogy. US Capitalism and society is the Titanic, it hit the iceberg and is taking on water. Bernie is saying "We have to get off this ship, let's get everyone into the life boats and get them over the side now. We've radioed for help to the other boats and know that help is on the way." Warren says "We can patch the damage and make it back to port and repair the damage, so let's not bail off the ship yet." Biden and Buttigeig (and everyone else basically) are the historical response and all say "steady as she goes, no need to get the steerage all concerned" while putting the first class passengers into lifeboats and waste tons of space. Yang wants to pass out Hors d'Oeuvres to all the passengers while the crew tries to figure out what to do next.
&gt;Whenever they go on a pro-Pete kick there is a startlingly distinct mode-switch into "fuck poor people they should all learn to code, actually gentrification is good, rich people are smarter" territory and it makes them genuinely uncomfortable to be around. It's really some psycho shit. I've noticed that in his writing about his experiences, he's been exposed to immense poverty and struggle and... he never writes about it. It doesn't even make an impact on him. Maybe I'm mistaken but I don't think he sees anyone who makes less than 50k a year. His eyes just kind of politely skip over them.
Agreed. Or put back in charge of the CFPB to de-neuter it.
&gt;Warren decided to sit out the primary process, possibly because she was played by the Clinton campaign into maybe giving her a VP spot. I'm going to disagree. She's a Democrat and part of the Democratic party and probably had seen the whole fucking apparatus line up behind Hillary probably as early as 2013-14 and knew it'd be pointless to try to go against that. Plus, the Clintons' hold grudges. All the people who ran against Hillary were either outside of or on the edges of the Democratic party and probably weren't privy to see how hard the party was putting it's thumb down on the scales or were distant enough that earning the Clintons' ire wouldn't be the end of their careers. If Warren wanted a VP spot, she would have endorsed Hillary before the primaries were basically over. She waited until it was 100% clear that Bernie couldn't mathematically win before she endorsed Hillary. She was one of the few relatively well known Democrats to withhold an endorsement for as long as she did, and at the time it felt like a tacit disapproval of Hillary. I don't think her endorsement of Hillary was willing or anything more than kissing the ring.
I've seen her speeches in the years between 2016 and her run for president and I honestly think she's sucked up a bunch of Hillary campaigners and they've steered her away from her own views and towards more centrist policies. She was extremely consistent in her barnstorming speeches post-2016 and up to late this summer. For the longest time it was \*only\* Warren and Bernie going into areas that Trump won and areas that Democrats normally wouldn't go to and make their arguments to people that normally the Dems would have given up on. Something changed over the summer and into the fall.
Yup. Social Security is set up with an expectation that it will pay out for less than 20 years. As life expectancy goes up, they have to push retirement age up or tax people more (right now I think SS cuts off after taxing the first 128,000 dollars of income). By the time I retire I think the retirement age is going to be 68.
I'm starting to. The three or so stores that I frequent are a co-op market, Costco (sorry, they have cheap gas and cheaper hot dogs. Nom. At least they have an average wage of 21 bucks an hour), and now I found a local butcher that does good deals on local and sustainable meat. Their frozen bulk packages are crazy cheap and very high quality. If I had the money and wasn't a bachelor I'd probably sign up for a community farm share for fresh rotating produce.
&gt;Why would they have to give up? 5-20% of the selling price. Amazon has some steep fees. Plus Amazon tracks your prices and if they have similar products they're selling they'll undercut you so that most buyers will never even see your product.
&gt;It’s overly inflated prices that they don’t understand Those actually came originally from health insurance. Originally, a procedure might have cost... 100 dollars. But you can afford 100 dollars out of pocket. To justify their existence, the insurance companies have to look like they're saving you money. So they kind of explain this to the hospital and the hospital says "oh okay... so we'll say the price is actually 5,000 dollars, but since you "negotiate" with us the network price is "only" 200 dollars. Of which you pay zero, and the client pays 200 dollars". The end result is that you feel like the insurance is giving you these massive discounts but in reality they're giving you the illusion of savings while gouging you out. And god forbid if you don't have insurance, since you'll have to pay that 5000 dollar price. Like... when you go to Amazon and you see some product who says it's retail price is 900 dollars but they're selling it to you for 75. Even though competitive products go for 50, you might pull the trigger on the 75 dollar item because it feels like the better deal even when it isn't.
But that's desirable to the insurance companies too. Because on your bill they get to cross out 138,000 dollars for a hospital birth and it looks like your insurance is working for you. When it really isn't.
Well at the end of the day the wealthy need status symbols to lord over their poorer folk, otherwise what's the point? Healthcare is one of those things.
&gt;new worker to be exploited in the future Don't forget new soldiers. If the poor don't fight our constant wars, the rich may have to and we can't have any of that.
&gt;why are they ok with that? Culturally, if you can't afford every bill that comes your way, you're a fucking failure and should be ashamed of yourself. So they create new bills because we'd rather kill ourselves working than to say that it's fucked up that we're being billed into oblivion.
Like someone else said, this was probably a complication. Either a c-section or NICU stay will hit six figures easily. My friend's 3rd kid, their first son, was born severely premature. Spent 6 months in the slow cooker before he could come out. He was so premature that he had no swallowing instinct. I believe the hospital bill was well over 2 million dollars for the year or so of care he needed. They had to get some weird disaster relief aid to come out the other side.
If it wasn't for the stupid fucking embargo that Trump re-upped you could probably just go to Cuba.
In October when i thought I was having a heart attack I drove myself to the hospital because I knew the wee woo wagon would set me back 5k. I figured if I died the situation would be resolved and if I lived I'd save 5k. Turns out I made the right gamble- it was a massive anxiety attack, not a heart attack. Had to get a loan to pay for the 7k it took to find that out though.
Believe it. That's probably... a week in the neonatal intensive care unit and a week for the mom in a hospital bed. It's around 30k for a normal delivery, and that kicks the mom out 24 hours after birth.
&gt;So this is with no insurance Oh no it's with insurance. That adjustment of 138k is the insurance network "negotiation" rate. Her insurance policy just didn't pay for/cover anything there. Which is fairly common. I was on an insurance policy that kept me from paying the ACA mandate fine. It covered, and I am being exhaustive here, 3 general practitioner visits per year and hormonal birth control. It explicitly did not cover anything else. The next policy I had was a little better but it still basically paid for nothing. I got the network rate and that's really it, on top of a 7,000 dollar deductible and 15,000 dollar out of pocket maximum per year.
Remember when we were kids and you could judge how volitile the economy was by how heavy the trading was and they'd tell you how many stock trades happened in a day? That all went away when those companies started doing the microsecond transactions, tens of thousands of sells and buys in less than a second to make a fraction of a penny on each transaction. The stock market has been disconnected from reality for around 20 years now really. It always was to some extent, but there was a loose like... elastic connection between the two.
There's a podcast called You Are Not So Smart and they did a whole season on logical fallacies and cognitive biases and it was really a wakeup to listen to. It was the beginning of my real honest, scientific-based rejection of many of the tenants of Capitalism, because it turns out Capitalism and the Free Market rely, fundamentally, on conditions and rationality that do not exist for any length of time in reality. Even if debate falls flat when trying to convince someone, that's no excuse for us not to practice good mental hygiene when it comes to how we think and how we speak.
Question- Without logical thought, can you truly form reliable morals? If your brain is taking short cuts through cognitive biases and your arguments are trash fallacies and circular or inconsistent, can you trust the morality that you shape from those thoughts and emotions? Emotion alone doesn't give rise to thoughts, it's our synthesis of our emotions with our cognition that gives rise to morality. Also ultimately I disagree. My emotional position on, say, the death penalty, is vastly different than the moral position I've taken on it. My emotional position is a lot more willing to kill the man who murdered my best friend, but because I understand rationally that having a death penalty means that we will inevitably kill innocent people, I am anti-capital punishment. The emotion behind that rationality is not nearly as strong as the rage I point towards the murderer of my friend, but I still can let the rationality synthesize my morality into something stronger than my emotions.
Well to be blunt, small towns are weird. You get interesting and weird idiosyncracies in small towns. It's why Stephen King loves writing about them. The podcast is a comedy/true crime podcast so they make fun of towns whose names were originally "Puckerbrush" and things like that. There's one crime I can remember where literally every city official including the Mayor and the local Fish &amp; Game officer gets involved personally. There's another one where an obviously insane serial murderer claims that he is essentially part of a vampire multi-level marketing scheme and carries around dead birds in his pockets for snacks. If you have a dark sense of humor there's tons of opportunities for humor here. They also do a podcast called Crime in Sports. Really they're just jumping off points for bizarre crimes/murders that frequently have some morbidly funny things surrounding them. Idiot cops, people who plead not guilty by reason of "White Trash" (this has happened), idiot murderers who plan out the murder to the Nth degree but don't even try to stick the landing, things like that. They don't make fun of the victims or the victims' families, because as they say, they're assholes but not scumbags. If you've got a morbid sense of humor you'll love it. It's not for everyone though.
Yeah she's leaning that way on her own. I'm nudging her a little but at this point she doesn't have anyone else she likes. Mostly I've been talking about how the bernie bros thing is ass and how the media is really, really going out of their way to minimize Bernie and his supporters and it makes a difference.
Fair enough. I think you can mean well and still be 100% wrong. My point was that all his fuckups and scummery were organic and done over a long career, where as Buttigeig is like "I can do that!" He knows Biden's career has been anywhere from hot mess to total trash fire, but is okay with that. Neither of them rise to the level of votability, but I'd put Biden in a lesser circle of hell than Buttigeig. And I totally understand there can be a counter-argument that Biden has done actual harm nationally where as Mayo Pete has only fucked up the lives of 100,000 people. (plus whatever evil he did as an intelligence officer)
Sorry. I was duped by Seth Abramson once with the Proof of Collusion book thing and his Mueller report wanking. Not going to be duped again. This guy does the strings and tacks in the corkboard conspiracy thing better than anyone else. I need better sources than him.
This. I believe he is being earnest in his postings but I read his book and read his fapping over the Mueller Report and I won't be duped again.
Either that or someone's child/sibling/cousin wants the job and is earmarked for the job but for whatever reason they have to post it publicly for 2 weeks before giving it to the crony.
&gt;TBF, that may be their first ever missed deadline Didn't their original run of Crokinole boards get severely delayed? There was a huge stink years ago over on BGG.
Well, yeah, they're a minority-rule party now. 12 of the last 20 years have been under a president that has lost the popular vote (yeah yeah W got re-elected on a plurality but that was predicated on an electoral college win that lost the popular vote).
No bigs I was just commenting that I remember the giant MayDay Crokinole stink of 20XX but couldn't remember the details :) So I googled it: Turns out back in 2011 they got in trouble for shipping out poor quality crokinole boards, then when the owner asked for a replacement, was shipped a known bad board from customer A, and told to ship his known bad board to customer B. Huge stink ensued but they got it straightened out and that was it for almost a decade. I don't think they were late with the boards though- I can't find really any complaints about that. Just spectacularly inadequate customer service.
1. Monopoly is cheap. You can get a copy for less than 20 bucks 2. Aggressive marketing keeps it in the public eye. 3. The eleventy-one billion spinoffs, variants, and collectible versions create some level of consistent buzz 4. It's easy to play (even if misplayed 99% of the time). 5. The nostalgia factor weighs in somewhat but I don't think that's the primary factor.
TTR is a visually busy version of Rummy, especially with the non-standard editions.
\*Drops one train on Nashville to Atlanta\* I don't \*have\* to do that, I don't even \*need\* to do that. I do it because it will probably ruin someone else's day.
I will probably be downvoted but I don't consider The Mind to be much of a game, let alone a co-op. Hanabi is a better game than that in that it actually lets you \*talk\* about the game somewhat.
&gt;7th Continent Really? Because I frequently play that 4-character solo. It seems designed as a solo/quarterbacked game.
It's very inexpensive, around 12 bucks if you shop around. There's similarities to The Mind but there's actual communication rules so I find that it's a little better of a social experience in my experience.
There's lodgings in Grant Grove. I'd probably suggest that. Not a \*lot\* of trails but some nearby and in the spring/summer/fall there's a busing system. Don't know when you plan to go. Basically the only lodging during the winter is Wuksachi lodge and Grant Grove. Out of the park there's some other options but I can't speak to those. My folks stayed in Wuksachi several years back and didn't have a good experience, they didn't feel they got their money's worth and were paying for location instead of accommodations. Other people have had good experiences. Once Roads End opens up in late spring there's a few hotel rooms in Cedar Grove if memory serves. They might be down for remodeling though, I thought I heard that the cafe &amp; store &amp; lodgings were going to be torn down and rebuilt, I just don't remember the time frame.
Los Padres National Forest starts around Fraizer Park along the 5 and heads West out basically to the ocean before turning north up to San Luis Obispo. That's a huge range of land. I'd probably figure farthest north you're going to venture is going to be around Shaver Lake, as Fresno is 2 hours north and Shaver is about 90 minutes north of there. But you can go \*deep\* into the back country up above Shaver Lake. Then there's Yosemite of course, Sequoia/Kings Canyon to the south of Yosemite, Mountain Home Demonstration State Forest south of that which is a particular favorite just because nobody knows about it. Further south is Lake Isabella and surrounding region and anywhere up along the Kern. If you head out to the coast via Paso Robles you can turn North and probably get all the way up to Big Sur in about 5 hours. The whole coastline is lousy with trails. There's Carrizo plain which is where all the poppies bloom in the spring, and nearby there's a personal favorite of mine, Wind Wolves preserve. They're bringing back elk and bird of prey on their preserve and it's a lovely little canyon you can hike up into. Sleeping there I believe is free but requires pre-registration. You are about 3.5-4 hours away from the Mojave, Death Valley, and Joshua Tree. You're about 4.5 hours away from Mammoth Lakes, which is an access point for the John Muir trail, the Pacific Crest Trail, and all kinds of crazy adventures.
Like I said elsewhere, the US economy and society is the Titanic. We've hit the iceberg. Bernie wants to get off the ship and into the lifeboats Warren thinks we can still fix the damage and limp into port and do an overhaul to repair things. Yang wants to serve hors d'oeurves to passengers while trying to figure out what to do. Biden and Buttigeig are doing the OP's post while loading 1st class onto lifeboats. Bloomberg thinks he can pay people in steerage to make him Captain of a sinking ship. Trump is looking for another iceberg.
I particularly love how someone has already linked to a study posted by NASDAQ stating this very thing and you're still off in la-la land saying there's no specifics that have been provided.
The best part is that the chud totally didn't look at your link and pretended like it didn't exist.
Considering that Forbes said that the oil &amp; gas industries basically were the most profitable in the world last year, the profits from 2019 alone should be enough for those big 5 oil companies to pool their money and build out.
You're supposed to tip at sonic?
Oh I bet some lawyer would jizz in their pants and work on contingency on this. It's a slam dunk. I'm getting a thousand dollars for a previous employer not giving some employees the breaks they were mandated by law. I got my breaks but apparently some people did not and it led to a big lawsuit.
It's good to note that Glacier Point is not the boonies- You will have crowds. Actually there will be crowds everywhere but Glacier Point, as gorgeous as it is, is about 1/4 mile off of a very large parking lot that frequently takes busses of tourists. If you can't roll Half Dome permits, consider Cloud's Rest if you think the two of you are up for a full day, 12 mile hike with 3k feet elevation change. It's a serious, long hike but it ends in this... like... 10 foot across by 100 foot long blade of granite overlooking the entire Yosemite valley. You look \*down\* on half dome. Other notes... I'd just forget anything in So Cal. California is a BIG state. Mojave/Death Valley is pretty in it's own way but you'll see crazy amounts of stars even in Yosemite if it's clear. Noteable coastal attractions that are sort of in reach of SF are Hearst Castle, Monterey, Big Sur. Driving the whole Highway 1 down to Ventura is going to take a long time (it's 8 hours by the 101 and 6 or 7 by the 5 just to give you an idea) probably isn't doable, although if you wanted to spend the night in Santa Barbara that's feasible and pretty nice (I used to work in town). The southern end of State Street is known as the funk zone and there's a bunch of wineries and brewpubs opening up down there. State Street runs through Downtown and has tons of bars and restaurants and places to get your wine on. Stargazing isn't going to be great from town, but it is a nice beach town and wouldn't be a bad stop before heading home via LAX (although to be fair that's a 2-3 hour drive to LAX) or Burbank (I'd prefer Burbank if I had a choice personally). Note that getting into and out of Yosemite is deceiving. It's about what, 45 minutes from Fresno to the park entrance, and then another 45 or so to the valley floor. Central CA takes a good 2-3 hours to cross so be aware of that as well. Another option if you want to do the wine thing is to swing back to San Fran and then head north to Napa/Sonoma. You can get a little stargazing going and get your wine on that way, then fly out of the bay area. That'd be a lot more concentrated than trying to pack so cal into the trip.
Shit the NY Times put up an op ed from the wife of a Warren consultant where she replicated the old 2016 canard that Bernie voters staying home cost Hillary the election. She did couch it in "many believe" first, which is fucking literally what Donald Trump does when he tells a lie.
Every suit I've ever worn has been altered to fit me. Alterations are normal. And if she's getting a bespoke or semi-bespoke wedding dress for a thousand dollars? Holy shit that's a good deal.
&gt;Eh, depending on what you make it out of it. There is a reason why t-shirts don't cost $500 even when labor is negligible due to horrible working conditions. Here's a 980 dollar Gucci T-shirt. [https://www.gucci.com/us/en/pr/women/ready-to-wear-for-women/sweatshirts-and-t-shirts-for-women/t-shirts-for-women/t-shirt-with-stars-and-moon-print-p-580968XJBH41082?gclid=CjwKCAiA6vXwBRBKEiwAYE7iS39\_JapMd7hRr7bjJrkt9kwQZdca7p5RT3fbHLpucCycx3lkKIqO9BoCm\_4QAvD\_BwE](https://www.gucci.com/us/en/pr/women/ready-to-wear-for-women/sweatshirts-and-t-shirts-for-women/t-shirts-for-women/t-shirt-with-stars-and-moon-print-p-580968XJBH41082?gclid=CjwKCAiA6vXwBRBKEiwAYE7iS39_JapMd7hRr7bjJrkt9kwQZdca7p5RT3fbHLpucCycx3lkKIqO9BoCm_4QAvD_BwE)
YTA. Let's set aside the actual cost of the dress. You're under budget, she wants something that keeps you under budget, and now suddenly you're like "that's not our budget". That's the asshole thing to me.
Every time I get a paycheck's worth of savings in my emergency fund- literally EVERY GODDAMN TIME something comes up that's minor and petty and blows my savings out within a week or two and I have to start over from square one. Right now it's paying for a rental car while my car gets repaired so I don't run up my credit card too high. In theory the other side, who is 100% responsible, will reimburse me, but that might be like a year and a threatened lawsuit from now.
Agreed, but the issue here is that you pay a fine, which is the punishment for your transgression, but you also pay 500% of the fine for pet projects nobody wanted to attach to the general fund. And that's the screwed part. Make the fine 500 bucks? You could do that. But if the fees are five times the fine, there's something wrong with that. Just like how I had a problem with the red light camera companies forming contracts with the city to jack their citation rates up 2-300% so that the city could keep all their own money and then send massive profits over to the red light company.
You can't lump the Nazis in as a group for "worst individual person". Otherwise we could do shenanigans like "the US" and point to all the blood and suffering that's on our hands over the 20th century. When you do that the numbers of casualties we've inflicted directly and through indrect support through the CIA dwarfs the Holocaust.
Maybe but a lot of Reagan Republicans are actually Objectivists.
I'm kind of confused why a federal agency is bound to a state level legal deal. FEMA should negotiate directly with PG&amp;E for reimbursement if they want it.
Wasn't the woman who wrote that married to a hedge fund manager's son and like, the epitome of wealth and privilege?
Of course it's Sydney Ember. If she actually had an axe to grind it'd be ground down to the handle by now. Basically, if the NYT decides to trash Bernie, they go tap that piece of work and she does it with enthusiasm.
What's \*so\* weird about this video is that as boggled as they are at the prices, Americans who haven't gotten sick are just as boggled. And then there's a section who know the prices but think those are average charges across the world. I argued with people in a NYT comment thread because I was bored and ultimately nobody believed the prices that people in Europe pay for their medical bills. They assumed that a 2 pack of epipens was 800 bucks over there and the government pays for 740 dollars while the patient pays 60 and that's why medicare for all is unsustainable. They don't realize that it's more like 100 bucks because countries are negotiating prices down from 500% markups.
Part of me wishes they had gone down and lit the coal mine for that.
Get the app and try it first. It's only a few bucks. &amp;#x200B; [https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.brettspielwelt.coffee\_roaster&amp;hl=en\_US](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.brettspielwelt.coffee_roaster&amp;hl=en_US)
It was the marketing research version. Turns out when your campaign slogan is "hope" and you're a young black dude, accusing your followers of being white male douchebags doesn't float well. We needed 8 years of refinement and the opportunity to use it against a white jewish dude for it to stick. I've shown that to Hillary worshippers and they deny that was actually a thing in the '08 election. Even when looking at the stories.
Why? It works. Specifically to galvanize their own followers but it works. I know people that you can show any amount of stats and facts to and they will swear up and down that it was Bernie who actively threw the election for Hillary and is a sexist misogynist.
Oh hell yes. Also look up PUMAs. Short for "Party Unity My Ass". They were the Never Obamas (although they changed their name up and pretended to be nice after a while) back before twitter was a big thing. Turns out, as a percentage, less Hillary supporters in '08 came out for Obama than Bernie supporters came out for Hillary. Bernie's supporters did their part. Hillary decided not to run in the midwest. She decided to give her campaign decisions over to an untested/unproven AI named Ada (google it, it's true). Michael Moore recently said that in 2016 he ordered yard signs for the general election and none ever came and there was a general shortage in Michigan. He asked after the election WTF happened and someone in the campaign said it was a strategic decision, that if a lot of signs went up it might excite more people to vote for Trump. Hillary's ENTIRE 2016 campaign was reactionary. She herself said she had all these smart comebacks and facts and was going to roll out this proposal or that system as a snappy comeback to Trump and he just never went there. She lost because she wasn't running for President she was running to basically to snap back to Trump. Moore mentioned that like 300,000 people or 250,000 people in Michigan voted a straight Democratic ticket and left the presidency unmarked. She only lost by like less than a hundred thousand votes. She took everyone for granted and ran a reactionary campaign. Now Hillary's entire presidential narrative is just fucking full of slime and lies and fiction.
According to the buzzfeed article she doubled down on it today.
The post debate commentary basically showed this was a CNN/Warren trap from the beginning. The ditz was all "it's not something Sanders can deny, I mean, CNN broke reporting it". Anderson Cooper pointed out that all the sources basically came from Warren and the ditz said "No we reported it" and then he made himself clearer that nobody else was in the room and finally she conceded the point. Then one of the other talking bobbleheads was like "I don't know if this was Warren's plan from the beginning but she sure knocked Bernie out of the park!" and then looked right at the camera and grinned. They fucking knew it was a gotcha moment and played along because there hasn't been enough fireworks this primary. CNN is fucking laying boobie traps now in presidential politics so that they can get ratings and gloat over Bernie. Fuck them. Oh and then they're like "oh look! Look! Bernie and Warren had words and DIDN'T SHAKE HANDS! It's the start of a FEUD!" Christ I hate our media.
My prediction is that by the end of the week we'll have ~~Hillary~~ Warren surrogates telling us that this is basically equivalent to rape and therefore Believe Her is appropriate.
Listen to some of his new podcast. Specifically the "I'm woke, let me rob you" or whatever the title is called. It's a great discussion about how there are no moral billionaires and he kind of drops some of the language he usually uses in a broader stream audience. He's drifting into socialism pretty readily at this point. I'd say he's somewhere around democratic socialism at this point.
&gt;He’s an obnoxious blowhard. That's the point. He agitates. But sometimes he gets results. Remember when he got Kmart to stop selling bullets after Columbine for like 20 years? (They started back up again recently). Apparently in the spring he's going to do a mini documentary on how GM partially broke unions by building golf courses outside of all the factories and making it super cheap to play golf. He talks about it at the end of Episode 9 of his podcast.
I thought Where to Invade Next was brilliant. Go to socialist countries and show how ideas pioneered and abandoned by the US but embraced by socialist countries thrive and benefit everyone.
And he's predicting it again. He lives in the rust belt and he has decades of experience. The stories he tells of how badly Hillary fucked up 2016 is just mind boggling.
&gt;Let's say he said something.... So he was flatly acknowledging the real social phenomena of sexism still rampant in our society. My observation was... "Wait, Hillary already said like half the reason why she lost is because of sexism and she's a woman". I guess agreeing with Hillary is now sexist? I thought you were supposed to believe women. So who do I believe? Hillary who stated this is a thing, or Warren who is offended that someone would say this is a thing?
&gt;the Super PACs will end up starting a meme war here very soon By the end of next week someone is going to equate that conversation with rape. Just watch.
So if you can't verify the integrity of your ads... you don't sell them. Twitter decided not to run political ads and honestly that was probably the right decision. Also the penalties for false statements in a campaign is ruled over by the FEC, which... doesn't even have a quorum to operate, and before that was in a stalemated 2-2 deadlock.
I really wish he had mentioned that in 1990 Warren was still a Republican.
You're right my apologies. It was mostly European countries if memory serves.
Dude Steyer was running for VP/cabinet so hard it hurt. He basically agreed with everyone on stage.
What makes the ads so lethal is the microtargeting that you can do with them. You can customize the ads so that you can track which ones resonate with which micro-groups and then you can point the bots at the high engagement or highly susceptible people. The facebook style ads are vital to complete the feedback loop. We need to admit (part of the "there are no good billionaires" thing) that Zuckerberg is a lot more authoritarian/right leaning than he pretends to be. Basically he's been tacking hard to the right and entertaining conservatives and Trumpers privately pretty heavily for a while now. I think he's butthurt both because he had plans for 2020 himself and had to ditch those when Cambridge Analytica broke and that the congress was grilling him over medium-low heat. He strikes me as a vindictive person.
That's not why it was trending. They asked Bernie if he told Warren that a woman couldn't be president. He said that didn't happen that way and went on about his extensive record. The very next question was "when Sanders said women couldn't be president, how did you react?" It was literally a "do you still beat your wife" scenario
&gt; The rest of the Christmas break was spent with my husband and I arguing. Having had enough, I exiled him to the couch and since he is mostly stay-at-home, I also stopped financially supporting him. So like I'd continue paying house expenses, but he would need to pay for example his clothes. None of this worked and he continued calling them Elsa and Anna since "that is what they preferred". Wait so he raises your kids and you cut him off over an argument concerning nicknames of a 3 and 5 year old? Let's reverse genders here. If a guy did this to his wife he'd be a raging asshole and people would nuke him from orbit, deservedly so. I'm going to point out that Elsa is the 286th most common baby name recently, Anna is 54th, so it's not like he's calling them Dweezil and Moonunit. Then you decide what \*really\* needs to happen is to kick your husband out and split your family up. Christ what a mess. Your husband is acting petulant and harmful now too, so I'm really just going to say ESH. But you're the kamikaze here. I suspect that this isn't really the whole of your issues with your husband, it's just the issue you decided to Vesuvius over.
\*singing\* Let it goooo let it gooo!!!! Heh I don't even have kids and I know the words to the effing songs.
I've never heard that repressing a child's imagination is healthy parenting. The father \*is\* being a dick but the mother is being a tyrant. Everyone sucks.
Supes and Bats? Sure for nicknames.
&gt;I want both. I proposed that to him as a temporary arrangement during seperation while we work it out, whehter reconliaiton (unlikley due to the way he is acting) or finalized divorce. You do realize that's an \*excellent\* way to completely fuck your kids up right? Especially if they're close enough they want to be called cartoon sibling names.
NBH. You're not endangering his job, he's not screwing with your meetings. If you both can stand that, let sleeping dogs lie.
Of course NTB he's playing mind games with you. DTMFA (Dump The MotherF\*cker Already) and move on. And listen to some Savage Lovecast podcast. It'll make you feel less alone while you recover.
You are totally within your bounds to leave this person but maybe you might want to sit down with them when they aren't screwing with you and try to see if you can get through to them and let them know what they do hurts? That friendships aren't a scoreboard with tit for tat? If she still doesn't see that she's hurting you and regretting it, maybe she's not the friend you thought she was. &amp;#x200B; NTB
NTA. I might qualify things ahead of time if you're still in frequent contact with your ex as "Hey, I'm bringing a coworker over who thought this sounded fun to give it a try. I didn't want you to feel weird or think I was dragging a new relationship in front of you" just to keep things smooth but that's just me. If he freaked out then you could either adjust appropriately or blow him off.
&gt;I understand you have your reasons -- and that's fine -- but your sister has her reasons for feeling slighted. In this case her sister's +1 is literally taking away cancer treatment money from the groom. I'd say this is an extraordinary situation.
I agree if her or your parents want to help out to cover the +1 then game on.
NTA. She's literally taking cancer treatment money from your new husband at that point. If she wants to cover any expenses the +1 entails then I guess... sure?
Shrugs. if they didn't get an ass kicking or teased then sure I don't care. My dad knew a guy in high school nicknamed Wanks so there's always worse
OF COURSE CNN had to release this. The IV drip of chaos is too tasty not to fucking milk this for all it's worth. Also she called Bernie a liar too implicitly. So... square?
&gt;I like him more than I thought I would Considering he agreed with literally everyone on the stage and gave no opinions of his own, i'd guess that he'd be easy to like?
Happy... 9 months after your mom wasn't in the mood to swallow day?
I would encourage Grant Grove, but according to Google Maps Mariposa Grove in Yosemite is about the same distance. You'll probably catch less crowds at Grant. PLEASE monitor the weather though. They don't plow the roads during snowstorms, only afterwards. The good news is that at this moment the hourly forecast for snow in Grant Grove Village is not supposed to start until 2pm. Assuming the weather doesn't freak out, I think you'll slide in and out. Check the weather in the morning to get a better idea: [https://weather.com/weather/hourbyhour/l/Grant+Grove+Village+USCA2884:27:US](https://weather.com/weather/hourbyhour/l/Grant+Grove+Village+USCA2884:27:US) Also, it's going to be right around freezing. Bring a coat! Say hi to the Grant tree for me!
I imagine he will throw enough firebombs to make everyone miserable and then he'll demand a payoff offramp or something like that. Back when I was in community college in Ventura our school district hired on this Westin asshat who literally drove the district into the ground and demanded a golden parachute or else he'd destroy the school district. I remember one of his demands was that he retain the title of "Chancellor" for the rest of his life. I wonder if something like that is at play.
AKA "I stopped thinking for myself circa January 2017 and just assume everything Hillary's campaign surrogates told me is 100% truth."
&gt;because of a couple people with no followers making disingenuous critiques. You realize this particular narrative is 100% political right? It was started by Hillary's 16 campaign, those people went and all got speaking jobs in the media to an abnormal degree, and a lot of them have glommed onto Warren's campaign and still have an axe to grind. They're shaping political consensus right now and hiding it behind feminism. Michael Moore had a great point. In '08 Hillary did 12 campaign rallies for Obama to get him elected. In '16 Bernie did almost 40. The last week of the campaign he was doing stops in 3, 4, 5 cities. Most of his rallies were in states that Hillary didn't even \*visit\*. You know, the swing states that she lost. But the hatred for Bernie was already smoldering, and I watched as a good portion of my feminist friends post-election started building this cocoon of bullshit stories up that layered the blame for the election on everyone else other than the campaign. Hillary embraced the feminism platform (Which in and of itself isn't a bad thing), and apparently a portion of feminists weren't ready to concede that women can be shitty campaigners too. So within weeks, day by day, you saw this weaving of a narrative. First it was the Russians. Then 538 came out and blamed Comey and that got woven in. Then... nothing. A week later the "Bernie hates women so he dragged his feet" narrative started. Within a week that was the popular narrative. By the time Trump was sworn in, in the group I was part of, that was the dominate narrative- that Bernie hated Hillary and women, and so dragged his feet and didn't scold his followers enough or something. It's kind of vague. But that's the narrative that stuck. I wasn't around for the Mueller fever to see if the Russia thing came back into vogue or not. But I'm sure as soon as the primary rolled around their narrative had gone back to Bernie being just shy of the Antichrist.
I had a friend that I had known for years that went so over the top for Hillary from a feminist perspective it kind of boggled the imagination. Like legit she made Clinton out to be a pinnacle of womanhood and admiration. When you bring up the 90's and the reasonably creditable rape accusations leveled against Bill and how Hillary was instrumental in defusing those, you basically got a "I was too young for that so I don't really feel anything about it".
The Current Affairs article on the centrality to center-right politics of Warren and her taking a bullet for Biden is an interesting read.
I'm new here but I figured I'd comment from some personal experiences. I re-read your thread and you need to talk to your therapist about the symptoms of being in a relationship with a narcissist. This guy checks so many of the boxes. Be on guard for a love bomb where he showers you with a torrent of attention and affection and makes you feel like maybe you were wrong about it all. You're doubting your instincts and judgement already, no doubt the result of 10 years of grooming to doubt yourself and put his judgement ahead of yours. I speak from experience. I spent 10 years with a narcissist in my 20's, I'm almost 40 and I still have all these little triggers and moments of doubt. She did her work well. It doesn't help I don't have a therapist but still, it's \*hard\* to disentangle from a narcissist. Your therapist won't be able to diagnose him for sure, but you need to talk about the elements of his relationship towards you. He has no sense of proportion in his anger, he manipulates you constantly by your own admission, he's got you thinking primarily about being fair to him, he's confusing you by going from cold to hot, he verbally abuses you and you take the guilt. In fact, your sense of guilt in this scenario is exquisitely tuned. I bet you take at \*least\* half the guilt/responsibility for all this. It's pretty unfair that your family is pressing you like this. It's making your options look narrow and pre-determined and is pressuring you. You yourself say you've always been the fixer in the family. It fits the pattern. At least with your family you need to tell them you don't know what's going on yet this is still a situation that is happening, not something you've even had time to reflect on. My only advice is to go slowly and don't necessarily take things at their surface value. He can survive a messy house for a few days or even a few months. Lord knows my house is messy and I survive. I think you need to have a therapy session, maybe more than one, before you make \*any\* decisions, even about couples therapy. If I'm right, he'll be performing for the therapist and it will confuse you even more. Good luck and take it \*slow\*. If there is a way to salvage things, you don't want to rush anyway.
Do you notice a common thread among \*all\* of these complaints? His mother. I mean, I'm a mama's boy (kind of unfortunately), but holy hell I don't swing wrecking balls into my relationships so that she can be present. Getting into screaming fights to allow my mother into a recovery room is so \*weird\* for an adult to do. I don't know what kind of relationship you have with his mother, but if you stay with him, you need to realize that in all likelihood his mom is going to be priority in his life ahead of you.
Holy hell. I'm glad you managed to walk away from a monster. You need to commit to yourself on the concept of zero contact. You might want to reach out. He might try to get in touch with you. Resist either as best as you can. Let your friends know you're going to need them to drag you away from the phone and go do something with you to get past the cravings. If he figures out a way to get in touch, delete or ignore. Don't even get angry at him. Any response, even/especially anger in a conversation means you're still emotionally engaged, and that means to those types of people you can be manipulated. So Zero. Contact. It'll get easier as time goes on. You did the right thing. You're worth the effort of doing the right thing. I wish you the best and the joy you'll eventually find at the end of all this.
Yeah YTA. Shit happens. She regretted it and appreciated the time and effort you put into it. You even said it was her favorite ring. Yet you feel like that's a waste of time? I wonder how many times you've lost something or made a mistake and didn't have someone shit all over you for it. She's your wife for Christ sake.
&gt;I guess I just feel like she should've left the ring for special occasions or something instead of wearing it all the time and losing it. And did you tell her this when you gave her the ring? Or is this a hindsight decision? She cherished it and wore it constantly because she liked it. And that made your effort a "waste of time". Dude you're digging yourself a deeper hole than your OP. Just stop.
Which according to the OP is basically what he wants. I'm waiting for the followup. "I made my wife a ring and she never wears it because she says I gave her shit her for losing the last one. AITA for being angry at her?"
&gt; It's also not on you to regift her another ring I will point out he says he makes them all the time. So every ring he makes from now on is essentially a "fuck you you don't get this because you were irresponsible" to her. That alone is enough to warrant an asshole and is the kind of barometer change that signals stormy weather ahead.
YTA. Get some wireless earbuds and don't be that guy.
Yeah this is an ESH thing but not a major one and it's understandable. Once you've both calmed down, ask her \*why\* she's bringing him up. Listen. Then let her know you don't keep tabs on him and it hurts to talk about. She had a reason for bringing him up. And if that doesn't fix things, I agree with the above. Just don't talk about your ex.
NTA to no assholes here. The "can I end this friendship" threads always are interesting to me because the answer is almost universally "yes, you can end this friendship". It's almost like you need communal dispensation to go through with it and it's usually "We've changed/drifted apart" and that's perfectly fine. You don't have an obligation to stick with someone that you're no longer friendly with if you don't want to. If you don't enjoy your company with your ex-best friend, don't be friends. It's pretty simple. You can kind of step back if you want to and let her do her thing and go your own way. It happens. It's part of life. No need to burn bridges here either.
Man this is petty. I feel like using up an YTA is a waste on this. Get up and walk to the kitchen. After all, boss makes a dollar, you make a dime. That's why you should throw away shit on company time.
\*slow applause\* That's pretty brilliant.
Do we have to genuflect when we say her name now?
That makes a lot of sense. Basically I think part of this (and I'm not a therapist, I'm just someone who used to be miserable from arguing politics online) is that he's getting amped up endlessly on an outrage cycle and really you can't vent that properly online and it builds up and you just become cranky and miserable and on edge. I see it everywhere but it seems especially bad here. Less screen time will help but you're swimming upstream there since Facebook literally is programmed to keep you engaged as long as possible. And for a lot of people, that means getting outraged so you keep clicking and keep engaging. And they use the data of where and how you engage to send you more stories that they think will keep you engaged longer. I've been there, spent hours/days furious in debates, and finally I had to give up all social media except reddit here, and even then I drift into waters that I wonder if they're unhealthy for me. If you're curious, there's a youtube video by a guy named CDP Grey called 7 ways to maximize misery and he talks about screen time and about ineffective participation in things you care about. It's a light surface review of a good book I enjoyed that's kind of reverse psychology on misery. Another thing you might want to read to understand what's going on better is a recent book/confessional by Matt Taibbi called Hate Inc, about how the media has basically embraced the rage cycle to drive ratings. It's a great read/mea culpa and he attacks basically himself and all the media for the outrage industry. Fair warning, if you're generally conservative, he comes from a liberal background, and while I find that he takes responsibility for his past, he does naturally have a liberal slant to his writing, even if the topic he freely admits is apolitical. If you share your husbands political views more or less, or maybe even if you don't, maybe you can get him off of facebook by participating in the political cycle now. It's still the Democratic primary so on the left there's a lot of political action, but even on the right the Republicans are organizing and starting to build their general election push. You might be able to find real world projects that will at least get him out of FB and doing something with you. And aside from that, there's always state and local politics to engage in, where one person's voice can actually sway people and make a difference. I wish you well moving forward.
That's a GORGEOUS drive. Take Avenue of the Giants to see some redwoods on the way up. The redwood state &amp; national park is about an hour or two north of Eureka and worth the drive. Take some time and visit Fern Canyon. It's a box canyon \*covered\* in ferns.
He has some good points and insights. I'm glad he's in the campaign and wish he had been in the previous debate even if I think the Yang Bucks program isn't good. He's right that the GDP is a shit metric. Hell, Bobby Kennedy dropped the mic on GDP decades ago. *Even if we act to erase material poverty, there is another greater task, it is to confront the poverty of satisfaction - purpose and dignity - that afflicts us all.* *Too much and for too long, we seemed to have surrendered personal excellence and community values in the mere accumulation of material things. Our Gross National Product, now, is over $800 billion dollars a year, but that Gross National Product - if we judge the United States of America by that - that Gross National Product counts air pollution and cigarette advertising, and ambulances to clear our highways of carnage.* *It counts special locks for our doors and the jails for the people who break them. It counts the destruction of the redwood and the loss of our natural wonder in chaotic sprawl.* *It counts napalm and counts nuclear warheads and armored cars for the police to fight the riots in our cities. It counts Whitman's rifle and Speck's knife, and the television programs which glorify violence in order to sell toys to our children.* *Yet the gross national product does not allow for the health of our children, the quality of their education or the joy of their play. It does not include the beauty of our poetry or the strength of our marriages, the intelligence of our public debate or the integrity of our public officials.* *It measures neither our wit nor our courage, neither our wisdom nor our learning, neither our compassion nor our devotion to our country, it measures everything in short, except that which makes life worthwhile.* *And it can tell us everything about America except why we are proud that we are Americans.* *If this is true here at home, so it is true elsewhere in world.*
So the Mayo Pete interviewer reminded me of "Where are my testicles Summer?" [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6K3-1tLAeQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6K3-1tLAeQ)
Three things pissed me off about all this. First, CNN legit fabricated this out of fucking steam and shadows. Any serious journalist would have realized that their four "sources" were actually only one source, Warren, and either gone to her or let the story lay. But because they're fucking addicted to the candy high of a Trump era of outrageous media, they needed to spice up their coverage of the primary. That's a ratfuck against Bernie, against the country, and against the entire fourth estates for a little sugar high bump of ratings. That's my main anger. My second anger is that Warren knows full well this is a ratfuck of Trumpian tactics (without the strategy) and went with it anyway. She became the beast she wanted to slay in that moment. Third anger for me is the cheap whoring out of a whole movement to try to change how we address sexual assault for a gain of, at best, political inches that won't fucking make a difference in the end. Overusing "Believe Her" and Me Too and all that shit will result in it going the same way as "trigger warning" where it goes around the horn and becomes a joke. And then any good work that comes from those efforts gets squandered, and the media feminists will get more press by blaming men for their own crying wolf. Women will be hurt from this ultimately and that pisses me off.
At least she didn't call Warren Aphrodite and Yaweh incarnate this time.
There was something odd about that generation of Kennedys. Even Teddy was an eloquent speaker. Maybe it was the speech writers that were coming out around that time. Maybe it was the education that Joe Kennedy could afford. But you're right, even Obama didn't have oratory like this. There's a great backstory to this in the RFK Tapes podcast. Bobby's speech writer tells the story about how this came about. The essentials were all Bobby's because something fundamentally disturbed him about the hype of the GDP and they worked this passage out together if memory serves and it's probably my favorite oratory of his, followed by his announcement of MLK's assassination.
Rick Steves is pretty cool I genuinely like him and his politics and his view on the world. Europe through the back door is a legit classic and worth reading even if you aren't going to Europe as a way to travel and engage in probably as authentic of a way as you can in 2 weeks. I'm glad he's around. Plus he's a MASSIVE stoner. Tony was like... I dunno. I don't think you could travel like him without a lot of effort. But his approach to relating to people is a good start.
There's a long distance trail in Cuba that recreates Castro's landing in Cuba that went on my bucket list as soon as I read it. You need a guide/escort and apparently you stay with locals and share their meals on the way up the trail. [https://www.adventurealan.com/la-ruta-de-la-revolucion/](https://www.adventurealan.com/la-ruta-de-la-revolucion/)
Apparently according to Hulu they never had the Iran episode. CNN won't provide it to them to stream. &amp;#x200B; [https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/live-feed/why-anthony-bourdains-parts-unknown-iran-set-episode-isnt-hulu-1270701](https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/live-feed/why-anthony-bourdains-parts-unknown-iran-set-episode-isnt-hulu-1270701)
I mourn the dogs he's going to take this out on.
Whoever decided to spend New Year's Eve at the Ahwahnee while sick with the plague should congratulate themselves on a job well done.
&gt;Today it’s often a competition for who can give the most expensive gift. Or an opportunity to burn 48,000 acres of wilderness down in a wildfire while doing the gender reveal. [https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2018/11/28/moment-gender-reveal-party-went-horribly-wrong-caused-wildfire/](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2018/11/28/moment-gender-reveal-party-went-horribly-wrong-caused-wildfire/)
&gt; probably in the US since she mentioned having at least some debt. It makes me so sad that it's so obvious that we're American if we have debt from school or medicine.
Best answer here. NAH and lock your door.
"I'm so glad sweetie that you enjoy your boat game, because you're about to spend a LOT more time with it." Send him a bottle of Jergens and a box of tissue and DTMFA. NTA all the way.
Yeah ESH. I almost died back in December because someone like you decided to fly while sick. Fast forward a few days and my temperature is so high it was a medical emergency. At least feel guilty about it. Next time, go get one of those face masks that cost like 25 cents and trap the moisture &amp; germs and keep them from flying all over the cabin. That being said, once on the plane, damage done. You can't like... undo the situation. And before anyone mentions, yes, I've purchased an N99 mask to wear when flying in the future since nobody else wants to do anything to contain their germs.
Even Amtrak in America is good travel. Slow, little expensive, but you can get a sleeper car from Portland to Los Angeles for I want to say 300 bucks one way, it takes a day and a half, and all your meals are included. \*Fantastic\* way to travel. I actually have half a mind to just take a train trip some time as a mini vacation. San Francisco to Chicago is supposed to be fantastic. Seattle to Chicago equally fantastic.
&gt;they also moving a shitton of goods and people in one trip. Yeah those diesel electric generators are efficient. I believe that they said they can move a ton of freight 135 miles on a gallon of fuel.
&gt;however, Jenny does not have a job nor does she help out around the house. Jessica is paying for &gt; &gt;Jenny’s &gt; &gt;living expenses. The least she could do is help Jessica out when needed, instead of being a total leech. Except that to my knowledge nobody has made this a condition of Jenny staying. And maybe they should. Yeah sure without saying anything it still makes Jenny an asshole for not helping out but it also makes everyone else an asshole for just assuming Jenny should step up. And Jenny is absolutely an asshole for treating the kid that way. I never argued that. What I argued is that there isn't an \*intrinsic\* obligation to help out with someone's kid even if you room with them. You have to work that out as part of the living arrangements. We've got 4 adults here and everyone is angry at each other for failure to be psychic. They need to use their words and lay out expectations. I stand by my everyone sucks judgement. Nobody is communicating and the people paying for the living situations aren't being explicit, that I can tell, that the free ride comes with some hooks. I will \*also\* point out that if someone is this hostile towards children, forcing them to spend time around your kid may not be the healthiest decision ever.
Account started in November and a negative overall karma? Troll.
Wow I never knew. Thank you for that information.
I worked on a segment and it's a big fucking project. My segment alone required a dumptruck worth of earth, every 8 seconds, for like 3 years to finish the job. They built a precast unit that was the biggest concrete precasting facility on the West Coast just to build the infrastructure up so that they could build as fast as possible. It is literally the biggest civil project America has ever attempted. There were also management issues that dragged the train out for years, that were necessitated by having to start the design before the alignment (the property strip the rail goes on) was purchased. But in reality, we should have built the tracks for a bullet train in the 70's or 80's when land around SF was cheaper. If anything is going to doom the HSR, it's the current plan to get into San Jose. They want to drill something like a 23 mile long tunnel under notoriously unstable mountains (unstable enough they couldn't go over them). The tunnel itself could cost as much as the rest of the project combined or more. 2 years ago when I left HSR they were conducting geotechnical core samples to see if the tunnel was even feasible. That study should be finishing up soon. My personal opinion was that when the original overland option was scrubbed to bite the bullet and pull the right of way corridor out along the 80 and maybe electrify rail down to SJ. Then you could do either a spur or a curve through Sacramento, then curve down south. It'd be pricey, but I don't think it'd be 45 billion dollars pricey. Then I'd avoid going through the Grapevine, which all the engineers I talked to likened to the worst nightmare they had ever heard of (before the thing with the San Jose exit arose) and head east, link up with the HSR that's going to connect Vegas and LA, and then curve into LA through the Inland Empire. It'd be a little longer of a train run, maybe 30 minutes, but it'd still be pretty appealing. As is now, even with the limited segment run, once you hit the northern Terminus they'll just hook a regular locomotive onto the train and you'll spend the rest of the time to Sacramento doing 80 instead of 200. So it won't quite be a train to nowhere. Sadly, the southern Terminus in Bakersfield at the moment is kind of useless. It needs to be hooked up to \*something\* to make it useful. Sadly, there's no train line out of Bakersfield these days that I'm aware of.
Google the Poor People's Campaign. That was MLK's next project, and it literally was socialism. *In February 1968, King announced specific demands: $30 billion for antipoverty, full employment, guaranteed income, and the annual construction of 500,000 affordable residences.* He was killed literally within 4 months of starting this campaign.
Are they still in their packaging? If not I wouldn't worry about it.
Funny how nobody is trending #BelieveWomen over this.
I feel that way. There are circumstances where working harder pays off in my job. But I don't have this blanket feeling of having to bust my ass 100% of the time. I've also decided to just put off paying any bills until just before anything bad happens as a matter of course. I have the money, but fuck them I'm not paying it until it potentially will harm me. They do that to me when paying \*me\* money so turnabout is fair play.
&gt;but I think there's a distinct difference in the degrees to which they hate, for example, the Irish, and Mexicans. Give it a hundred, hundred and fifty years then? Back when the Irish immigrated they were treated beyond garbage. I think that the more nuanced understanding might be that when an immigrant group needs a "them" status by the nationalists, Catholicism is one of the things they latch onto. Once the ethnic group is consumed by our culture and gets a chance to circulate it, the need to list them as "other" lessens and whether or not you're Catholic matters less.
Those are nutty maps. I wouldn't have figured Catholics are the predominant denomination in California. Even in So Cal.
"illegitimate ban"? LMAO. At least your username matches your post quality.
Burn the office down like Milton. In reality, if that's really the situation, jump jobs ASAP. You'll probably get a phat bonus AND the promotion you want. Then I'd give zero notice to my old bosses.
Don't threaten that you'll leave. Never threaten that you'll leave. They'll treat you like shit at that point assuming you're disposable. Just leave. Be nice. Stop talking about raises and promotions. Smile real big at the boss and put the bat signal out on your LinkedIn account and pretend like eeeeeverything is just peachy. You quitting should come as a shocking surprise if you do it right. Then you can tell them "remember how my job wage was maxed out and you refused to promote me? Yeah. This is why I'm leaving". Refuse the exit interview too. If they wanted to know what was wrong they'd have asked you or used their own two eyes and common sense.
In the 20 years I've been working I've never honest to god had a real promotion. All my promotions have come from moving from one company to another. I kind of don't believe that promotions exist in this world.
Normally I'm right there with you on that but I have mixed feelings about exit interviews, and the HR that I've spoken with assumes everyone lies and kisses ass on the way out to ensure good references in the future. So maybe yeah, kiss ass on the exit interview. Or get written letters of reference before you tell the real reason why you're quitting. The overarching point though is to not give your hand away until you're out the door. You'd be amazed how often previously there was no money and now there's money. The problem with that is that you've established that you have to quit before they'll see your value, and do you really want to work in that kind of a place?
Hillary listened to an AI called ADA and decided she didn't even need to visit the rust belt/midwest. This cost her the election. Not Bernie. Hillary did 12 campaign events for Obama in '08 after the nomination was decided. Bernie did 40. I could go on but why bother? Hillary's judgement concerning campaigns is suspect to say the least.
I've seen that article too... here's part of one [https://www.politico.com/story/2016/12/michigan-hillary-clinton-trump-232547](https://www.politico.com/story/2016/12/michigan-hillary-clinton-trump-232547)
This isn't exactly it but it's another article worth revisiting. Bubba may be a rapist philanderer but he knows his politics. *But in general, Bill Clinton’s viewpoint of fighting for the working class white voters was often dismissed with a hand wave by senior members of the team as a personal vendetta to win back the voters who elected him, from a talented but aging politician who simply refused to accept the new Democratic map. At a meeting ahead of the convention at which aides presented to both Clintons the “Stronger Together” framework for the general election, senior strategist Joel Benenson told the former president bluntly that the voters from West Virginia were never coming back to his party.* [https://www.politico.com/story/2016/11/hillary-clinton-aides-loss-blame-231215](https://www.politico.com/story/2016/11/hillary-clinton-aides-loss-blame-231215)
It won't matter. He's stigginit to the libs and makes a lot of fundraiser money. Unless he's redistricted into something more at risk he's pretty safe. Edit: I think the guy is borderline seditious but I tell the truth and get downvoted. Christ we're snowflakes sometimes.
YTA but not for the reason you may think. Your sister got sick because of the placebo effect, which is strong enough to cause symptoms like that. But that's not even why you're the asshole (okay in my book it is, but that's not my main point). I did keto for 2 years and I realized I had the same reaction to carbs (including glutenous carbs) that most people who are "gluten free" have when they go back to eating gluten. Did that mean I was gluten intolerant? Nah. Basically what it means is that my gut flora adjusted to almost zero carbs. Introducing carbs sent my gut into shock, I couldn't digest properly, and that caused stomach monkeys, GI distress, and a horrible case of diarrhea. My solution back then was to drink a big glass of unsweetened kefir the morning before I'd have a cheat meal and voila. No stomach monkeys. I had introduced probiotics that were happy with carbs. This is similar to how if a vegetarian eats meat they may get sick with GI difficulties. So if you \*had\* left gluten in the meal, there's a good chance she would have had a real physiological reaction to it. Just not for the reasons anyone would assume. I mean, non-celiac gluten sensitivity is kind of not a thing and is silly, the main benefit of it though is that people with IBS and Chron's and other diagnosed illnesses can avoid gluten way easier if they're sensitive. But once you're adjusted to the diet, screwing someone up on the diet can cause GI distress.
~~E.S.H. That was unacceptable for a child to do if they were past... like... 3. The parents should have reigned him in.~~ Your response was uncalled for. It wasn't even your party and you basically dropped a nuke ~~on the event~~ on your sister... Gender reveal parties suck. I hope you've learned this. Edit: changing to YTA. I didn't realize the 6 year old in question was the kid of the mother-to-be the parents were too busy with this pinche gender reveal party to monitor the 6 year old.
I'm more angry at the parents seeing the kid going CUPCAKE SMASH and not stopping him. At 6 I was raised well enough to not just destroy food. Then again, we were poor. I think it's an everyone sucks situation. The kid was out of control, the parents were apparently like "whatevs..." and OP illustrated once again why gender reveal parties suck with a series of spectacularly bad decisions. Edit- Wait... the 6 year old was the son of the mother-to-be? JFC. I didn't realize that. No wonder nobody noticed immediately. My apologies.
Probably not a good idea... Flavors and juices would mingle. Iean you can do it but your gf is vegan and probably would have a problem.
Oh lord it's you again. You just post the same goddamn thing over and over and over again spamming subreddits. Either go do it or please give it a rest.
Oh go away I campaigned for Janz but I knew the odds going into it were steep. That doesn't make me defeatist, it makes me a realist. It also means that the GOP will back him because he's such a good moneymaker if push comes to shove.
You and I totally don't see eye to eye politically but in a way I agree with you. Anyone who runs against him has to appeal to a massive district with a lot of rural voters \*and\* understand that Trump &amp; the GOP will both support him if he gets into a political horse race. Hell in 2018 most of the polls put his seat at like 97% extremely safe until the very end, where it got pushed down to strongly republican odds. Janz outperformed but Nunes is basically probably only open to a primary challenger at this point. But apparently I'm some big bad evil guy for seeing that.
Technically I think his "home state newspaper" probably should be Iowa these days but whatevs.
I was of the opinion that marriage should be eliminated as a legal thing and replaced with civil unions across the board. That way all the legal and social benefits of marriage could be granted to everyone, and marriage was just a ceremony you could do later if you could find someone to perform it, and it held no legal power or status at all. Now that it's all legal I just don't give a shit.
I enjoyed that funky saxophone riff.
Truth. My grandfather grew up in the depression and going through the garage when we sold the house was like ye olde curiosity shoppe. He had an entire tackle box FILLED with nothing but pennies. Actually, he had 7.
The ultimate konmarie move is to switch to bidets and stop using toilet paper.
Most US thrift shops are run by charities too. Goodwill surprisingly isn't, it just sounds like it is. My old home town had a whole block, both sides of the street, dedicated to thrift shops down at the ass end of the downtown main street drag. There's like 6 or 7 of them. Weird place for them but they've been there for 75 years so whatever. They're all charity based too. I flew a friend out to visit California for the first time years ago and she spent a day going through the thrift shops in a low key ecstasy . Kind of funny.
&gt;Hell, take it back almost 100 years before the Civil War and more than a few framers saw the seeds for future conflict in allowing slavery to continue Exactly. It's why there was that 20 year "let's not talk about this" on the subject of importation of slaves written into the fucking constitution. They didn't want a civil war in a 10 year old country. Article 1, Section 9, Clause 1 in case you're interested.
Lincoln's successor was against reconstruction and ended up half-assing it because of Lincoln's shadow and that just kind of became the norm if my memory of history is accurate. Reconstruction under Lincoln might have worked and might have included reconciliation, but he was killed so we'll never know. And maybe a stronger hand in the South militarily would have resulted in a different and better country today (I kind of doubt that, occupying forces rarely fare well throughout history) but Johnson lived in the shadow of Lincoln and so only half-assed reconstruction and we'll never know.
&gt; I believe even John McCain pulled the classic "You know, MLK was a philanderer." Amusingly enough, so was John McCain.
The only thing I remember about his term as DNC chair was the 50 state strategy. A lot of DINO chud blue dog democrats got elected but he did manage to secure a house and senate majority through the apparently radical idea of competing \*everywhere\* and exhausting the GOP's resources. What did he do as DNC chair that I missed? I mean, his politics since then have disappointed me but at the time I remember him being a net positive. But I'm so starved for libs who want a fight that the milquetoast stance of "let's compete everywhere" felt new and refreshing to me.
My favorite description of Kucinich was the grouchy university professor who had achieved tenure right around when he ran out of fucks to give about being polite. Kind of like Bernie. Explains why I voted for both of them.
Using 50 year old labor rhetoric to attack Bernie. Next up they're going to tell us he doesn't flush after dropping a deuce.
And even then, the concept of wage slavery is not exactly something "new" at the time. It was standard language for unions and organized labor. It's telling that organized labor is so rare in the US that using the language of unions feels provocative and offensive.
Bullshit. How many lawsuits is Nunes pressing against imaginary cow twitter accounts? He's seriously got like 6 or 7 defamation lawsuits going.
Thanks for framing it that way I appreciate it. I think my weak spot for Dean was that before him, if the Democrats lost a seat by like 10 points, we just... gave up on it. Something like a third of Republican held congress was unopposed at one point. Of course, we went \*right\* back to that through the Obama years so \*shrugs\*.
If I were rich I'd probably go broke helping other people. Like build apartment blocks and rent/sell them at a loss so that poor people could live somewhere decent and form non-profit cooperatives to help manage them. Or debt relief nonprofits, or an org that helps people break out of the jail/bail criminal justice cycle. Or \*something\*.
Snow Crash was a pretty good novel. I look forward to delivering pizza for the Mafia.
So I didn't question this during the general because fuck Trump, but... Really? The most qualified person ever? She was first lady for a long time at the state and national level and was senator for 1.5 terms and did a stretch as secretary of state. Don't get me wrong, the last two of those are bonafied "qualifications", but that's hardly "the most qualified person to run for president, ever".
Agreed. I got to see David Gilmour at the Hollywood Bowl a few years back and while he covered a lot of Dark Side of the Moon and it was great, his encore was Comfortably Numb. Hearing 17,000 people singing the chorus was haunting and Gilmour playing that solo is as amazing as he's ever been. My folks have fond memories of The Wall tour. I wish I could have seen that.
&gt;Why the fuck would anyone want her advice? She's lost 2 presidential runs. I'm the same way when it comes to political consultants. It's like... "Yeah I lost 78% of all the elections that I've ever worked on, but you're totally going to make me chief strategic adviser."
I don't think it's advice so much as kissing the ring and swearing fealty.
Additionally the original founder of FFG quit in 2019 and FFG is in a nosedive since then IMHO.
They have right of first pass for his next game, under the same conditions as his last game (which includes a right of first pass for the next game). I'm not sure if it's a perpetuation machine like that if GBS keeps picking up the games but I do remember the period of time they have to sit on Artem's next design is something insane like 2-3 years.
I did a flow/power automate task that triggered off of the addition of an item to a sharepoint list.
I'll break down how I did it. First, I created a sharepoint list inside the Team instance sharepoint site so that all the channels had access to it like this (there are a few more fields but you get the idea):[https://i.imgur.com/iqUi1OG.png](https://i.imgur.com/iqUi1OG.png) Then I created a sharepoint tab in the relevant channel for easy access Then I created a flow/power automate task. There is a template called "when a new item is added in sharepoint, complete a custom action" One of the custom actions is to post to a team and channel. You can use the column names in the list as variables like this: [https://i.imgur.com/mKxlcTk.png](https://i.imgur.com/mKxlcTk.png) The last bit is a URL directly back to the checklist item, which is keyed off of the User ID. So when adding to the list you get this in the channel: [https://i.imgur.com/GszLz2s.png](https://i.imgur.com/GszLz2s.png) makes a nice little automated system. Originally it posted as me. I can't remember what I did to turn it on so that it's obvious it's automated. That should get you started. Edit: you can do all of this via planner instead of sharepoint. Just look for the planner templates.
There's some other people who have Obama staff on record that it's bullshit too.
I thought the triple parenthesis was the text version of the echo that the white supremacists over on... I"m not even going to say their name. It's a white supremacist thing last I heard.
The revolution won't be the only one coming.
I will personally cry at Bloomberg's first press conference where he takes a sledge hammer to the walls of the Oval Office and turns it into the Open Office. He'll hand out macbook pros and iPhone 11s to the founding staff like he was handing out PhDs and the first generation of Bloomers Founders will get 1-20-21 tattoo'd on them so that they may establish they were \*chosen\* the day that it all began whenever they have to wait in line for their morning latte. We will, of course, give them our coffee as a way to say thank you. It will be a great day to be alive. The first guy to deliver a pizza to the Open Office will have his portrait painted and cSPAN will live-stream the fooseball table in the breakroom 24/7.
Sigh. This is getting silly.
Are you using traditional steel cut oats or are you eating the rolled oats? Because the steel cut oats usually take a lot longer to cook and probably could stand up to slow cooking. Every slow cooker oats recipe I see uses steel cut oats.
I always thought he embraced his ethnicity as opposed to his ethnic religion.
Must have been a short trip.
North Fresno and heading east from there and south is Nunes' district. I initially gave Mayo some credit until he basically announced he was only going to go to the university and speak to college students. Anyone else he couldn't give a shit about.
Oh you sweet summer child. Last year I had "insurance" and had chest pains. Went to the ER like they tell you to. One ride on the wee woo wagon, one xray, one cot in the hallway (never made it into ER) one blood test to see if I had a heart attack: 13,000 dollars. Turns out my insurance didn't cover ER trips! I have better insurance now but I swore that if I had chest pains again I'd just write a goodbye letter to my family instead of going back to the ER.
You are \*so\* NTA. You and your siblings are victims here. Your mom has shut down. Completely. And is manipulating you and your siblings and your dad. And in doing so she's neglecting you and your siblings and probably preventing you from grieving in your own way. She probably does need therapy, but that will never happen as long as she has no excuse to leave her bedroom. You and your siblings might need to go to her and tell her that you understand she is sad and grieving but that you are alive and here and need her. And that means leaving her bedroom. And that means you won't be cooking for her any more. Start there. And be prepared for pushback and probably some wildly out of proportion anger. That will be her defense mechanism against having to face what's going on.
NTA. If there's a specific person who just miscarried in your friends circle who has expressed their delicacy on the topic it might warrant another evaluation but no, just making conversation and posting a status update isn't an assholish thing.
There are situations where such organizations are safe spaces too. LGBT+ people are prone to more abuse socially than many other groups, and so part of the club's existence I imagine is a safe space to relate to other people who share a commonality of being LGBT+. We can take this to an extreme (I don't want to but I guess it's necessary to get past this obtuseness to understand the issue) and imagine a rape survivor's group who is "led" by some rando straight guy. In theory he might run the group well but let's face it, from a comfort and safety level, it's a sub-optimal choice.
NTA. I'm sorry that you went through this. When people are struggling financially observers see small occasional indulgences and roll their eyes. It's not like you're living beyond your means. And those small indulgences help you get through a stressful time. You're a human, you deserve to have nice afternoons occasionally. You're also an adult, and like you said you didn't dip into your savings or sacrifice your bills. You deserve small moments of joy. Being economically stressed/poor doesn't mean you don't deserve that.
NTA. Seems to me like there's an obvious solution. The sperm donor babby daddy needs some practice for the responsibility he's going to inherit in 9 months. He knocked her up. He gets to clean the cat box.
NTA. You talked to your friend about it and she gave you her blessing. Nothing happened. You were courteous and transparent. Your friend has some jealousy problems. I'm sorry she's willing to throw away a 4 year intense friendship over this.
This. Keep a written contemperanious record of any abuse you suffer. Protect yourself. You have the right to a comfortable work environment. NTA.
Oops I'm so sorry! I meant to reply further up the chain.
It's been a while since I've seen a fractal asshole- whose behavior at every level is an asshole at every level of examination. YTA OP for all the above reasons.
Other non-handicapped tables.
Of course you're NTA. Some people hide behind accusations like that because they know they won't be challenged. My Grandfather worked movie theaters as a district manager, my dad was a projectionist for 40 years, he met my mom when she was a manager at a movie theater, and I grew up in a movie theater and am nearly 40 now. I rarely claim "expert" status, but I'm claiming it here. You did nothing wrong. Next time, don't wait 30 minutes. Shush them once, if they ignore you, go immediately get an usher. That's what they're there for. Let them deal with it. After 30 minutes of disturbance, that's grounds to ask for a refund or a readmit pass so you can see the movie again without interruption. Any decent manager will hand out the pass in that situation. I'll also point out those kids probably either bought tickets to the wrong theater and were theater skipping to either see the R film or just to watch more movies, or they snuck in through an exit door that was ajar. The fact that they all got kicked out is proof enough. The mother was embarassed and desperate to change the focus off of her kid's bad behavior.
Exactly. Theater staff are supposed to check in on the theaters periodically to make sure that nobody is disturbing the show.
I embraced nihilism a while back and now wait for the sweet embrace of oblivion. On the up shot, I now consider that we have a proven solution to Fermi's Paradox. Gallows humor aside (which is a coping mechanism), pick something you care about and actually physically do something to address it. Scale your expectations to your output. Part of the existential despair you're feeling is that you're being fed all of this via a completely passive process and all you can do is get angry and get depressed. Doing something, anything, in the real world gives your life purpose, meaning, and direction. And doing even something small, routinely, for a long time makes a bigger difference than you'd think. If we all did "something small" on a consistent basis because we believed in it, these existential problems wouldn't be nearly so existential.
If you're struggling to poach votes from Klobuchar you're in trouble.
I think RFTG is the best tableau builder I've ever played. Period. It's tight, the decision space is good, and there's a moment where, if taught properly, the game \*clicks\* and you're off. It's also a \*fast\* game at around 20 minutes. My biggest hurdle originally was the iconography, and to be honest that's probably the most common complaint, but the whole industry has moved towards iconography so it's not as hard to digest today as it was 12 years ago. The second biggest hurdle is remembering what all the roles do, especially if you select the role as opposed to just use it when someone else selects it. But that doesn't take long to learn. But I 100% encourage it and the first expansion.
I think she'd honestly argue it would be different. There is a... school of thought that it's impossible for minorities to be racist because racism is systemic, social oppression and basically nothing else. So if society systemically oppresses you, you can't be racist, you're just reacting to the racism you're being objected to. In the most extreme lines of thought, the OP would be the guilty party here for... I don't know not respecting the experience of being black children potentially too poor to see a movie. It's bunk of course. Racism at a social level starts with small, casual cruelties that get you to alienate and dehumanize another group. You don't just start thinking that a group of people are not human enough to deserve dignity and equality, you build up to it through iterative propaganda and acts of cruelty. At it's most base it's making judgement about someone based on their race, but I tend to define it as the dehumanization of someone based on their race to make further offenses easier. I also believe it's a justification for economic class division, but I'm kind of socialist and think that a billionaire racist will almost always prefer to give up racism before his billions. I'm cool if people disagree with me on that.
Since you have milk and eggs, get some veggies (Onion, a bell pepper, some loose mushrooms if they have them and they're inexpensive, you only need a good handful or so) and maybe a ham steak and make a frittata. That should last you at least 1-2 breakfasts. I just made a lovely kind of rustic tuscan soup from chicken stock, carrots, onion, celery, a little garlic, some thyme, some green chard, chicken breasts I had cooked and diced (chicken thighs are \*way\* cheaper if you're on a budget and IMHO taste better), and a couple potatoes. [https://www.thespruceeats.com/tuscan-style-chicken-soup-4134732](https://www.thespruceeats.com/tuscan-style-chicken-soup-4134732) Total cost, about 14 bucks, and I got 2 big bowls out of it plus 4 more servings. Chile verde using pork stewing meat is usually really cheap, in my area the pork meat is around 2 bucks a pound. If you buy a pork shoulder it's even less but you have to process it. Other cheap meals for me is one pot sausage &amp; peppers, you can easily get 4-6 \*massive\* servings out of it. I use this recipe, but I just use one pack of sausage instead of mixing the two. I also add 1.5 cups of water to the sausage &amp; peppers before it simmers at the end and add the pasta. Half a pound of pasta will soak up about 1.5-2 cups of water cooking, so it'll work great and the starch in the pasta makes a lovely, thickened sauce. Cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, and sample the pasta in the last minute or two to see how al dente you like it. I sometimes have to go like up to 15 minutes to get the pasta done. [https://tasty.co/recipe/one-pot-sausage-and-peppers-pasta](https://tasty.co/recipe/one-pot-sausage-and-peppers-pasta)
Honestly you're looking at like... north of Wheeler's Gorge. Ojai isn't too bad but to get a really dark sky (comparatively) you have to head up towards Los Padres National Forest. The Piedra Blanca trailhead/park might not be bad, but that's probably over an hour drive for you.
The other day I quoted Hillary Clinton to counter something someone was saying about her and they called me a Russian bot. Russian Bot accusations are the equivalent of Trump's "Fake news!"
I don't think it'll take that much. If Warren pulls enough votes from Kloubuchar to stay in the race and eventually pushes towards a contested convention and the superdelegates select Bloomberg or Mayo Pete as a "compromise" candidate I honestly don't know what I'll do next. Vote Democrat will not be part of it.
One of the last political arguments before I left Facebook was: Lib friend: "Age is a huge issue in this race. Bernie is too old. I'm voting Warren" Me: "WTF she's 70!" Lib: "Well... women live longer." Me: \*blink\*
And the smartest people in the room. Like, they actually think they're playing 12th dimensional chess because they're so smart. That's the thing that sickens me so much about the 2016 race. Hillary's campaign was 100% about anticipating what Trump was going to do and "out-thinking" him to look smart and capable. Libs are the fucking Wile E Coyote (super genus!) of politics. They think they're the smartest, most moral people in the room, and when they aren't it doesn't even compute. You'd hope after the 50th time they fall off a fucking cliff they'd learn but nope.
Whoever is in charge of the NYTimes picks is a complete troll.
I pay 3 bucks a month for NYT. It lets me get current events and a few other things super cheap while I'm on lunch break- the equivalent of an intellectual cigarette break. I know it's bad for me but in the moment it's distracting. When the 3 bucks a month deal expires I will quit. Previously I was on WaPo for the same reason but even then the articles were so atrociously written I had to stop reading them. They literally would like end mid-article and you'd be scrolling around for the rest of it but no they'd just publish articles that end mid-thought.
I've also found through shitposting on NYT comment section that the time it takes to approve your comment so it goes up is inversely proportional to how much you disagree with the author. So if you write a comment 15 minutes after it's published and mention that over half the article is factually false and that the Times probably needs to do a correction/retraction your comment somehow takes 18 hours to approve and then it's buried under 9000 comments. However if you agree with the author and ask for a jizz blessing from them from being the only right people in America your comment gets approved in about 30 seconds.
Right? I keep trying to explain to people that a racist or sexist billionaire will 99 times out of a hundred choose to give up sexism or racism before they give up their billions. Solely concentrating on the side fights means they'll never have to fight to protect their primary interest- their assets. It's good and proper to fight for civil rights and gender equality but you have to remember the bloodsuckers that set that system up in the first place to make money.
That'd be hilarious if someone replied back "Goddamn it Pete get back to campaigning!"
&gt;Bernie winning a majority of delegates on the first ballot is the only likely scenario under which he can become the Dem nominee While I'm Bernie all the way, the \*only\* way we're going to see a Democratically picked nominee is if they win on the first ballot, period. At this point I assume the DNC is 100% committed to forcing a second ballot where their 700+ superdelegates can pick whoever the fuck they want. We need Bernie to win, but we also need to send a message to the DNC that their superdelegates are so full of shit you could give them an enema and ship them home in a matchbox.
If Nate laid 10 grand on Bernie winning as a lark bet in like 2017 he might have reason to want to see Bernie pick up the nomination.
&gt;This doesn't even begin to dig in on systemic errors that may have been introduced that skew the data but aren't captured by the margin of error. This is one thing 538 does pretty well. They explain the issues with different versions of polling. The old gold standard was calling landlines for polling data but as cell phones get more popular, the population selection of a pure landline poll starts to skew older and older, which means you start seeing more and more traditionally conservative results. In theory you can "adjust" for this, but it's messy and getting a better sample is probably a better bet.
So THAT is what the /r/neoliberal board is talking about when they say that over half the electorate in Iowa wants a more moderate candidate than Bernie. JFC that's a terrible take.
Liberals really suck at post-factual narratives.
I used to be pretty severely pro-gun control but after reading Black Flags &amp; Windmills I'm not convinced any more that the government, especially the police, should have a monopoly on violence. They have proven repeatedly that they can't handle it.
&gt;Liberals started loving McCain for no reason Trump attacked him. Therefore, Libs are cool with McCain.
What happened the last time Communists, Socialists, and Unionists had a loud voice in American politics? Oh yeah. The New Deal, weekends off, work protection, motherfucking social security and disability, pensions, a massive unparalleled working infrastructure, affordable college education, and the dignity that is owed the working class. What have we gotten since Friedman economics purged the left from our political discourse? Stagnated wages, wealth inequality, spiraling debt, depression, suicide, crippling medical debt and a planet cooking itself to death. I think it's obvious at this point that American politics \*needs\* a robust and loud left to counterbalance the fucking profit vultures that have this country and so many others under it's boot heel. Don't worry about purges, your milquetoast surrender-monkeys will always be part of the politics but maybe we'll get a few perks this time around again like last time to make our lives better.
The very idea that Bernie and other SocDem and socialist candidates can compete with or even surpass the old Citizen's United model of sugar daddy billionaires is probably the most significant political shift of my lifetime to open up political opportunities. It accelerated the shit state of our politics through the aughts and teens so fast that it actually opened up the need for populist, wide reaching grassroots participation. The money was the first step. Showing up to vote is the second step. Showing up \*after\* the vote is where the real fight begins.
I'm reading Shock Doctrine finally and I think I can answer that. 100% undemocratic.
There's actually a 60's/70's TV show called Emergency! because the idea of paramedics was so radical and futuristic. [https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2r7w7x](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2r7w7x)
If you want to see a B movie full of cheese check out Repo: The Genetic Opera. It's a trainwreck but it's hilarious and loosely based on the same idea.
I'm looking forward to Israel publishing their "non-Jewish Solution" in the next few years.
&gt;Therefore, the Israeli right had become obsessed with increasing the Jewish population of Israel, So when this plan goes to shit they'll catch up to the Republicans and other authoritarian/corporatism and shift to a minority-controlled political state. I wonder how long that'll take.
Eh. I pay for the convenience of not having to open every link in icognito mode. It was getting old after a while and a PITA on my phone. Their cooking section is pretty good too, I don't mind throwing a few bucks to support that.
I might be wrong. Google is failing me. I know one of the lib movent orgs was founded by an ex GOP political hit guy. Just not MoveOn. Edit I am wrong it's Media Matters and David Brock.
&gt;Totally forgot you don't do dairy. Thicken the chicken sauce with a flour roux So instead of using dairy you suggest using butter and flour? Use cornstarch.
They're only sweating because they can't find the TRUMP button.
There's a handful of honorary PhDs that I thought made sense. The Milwaukee School of Engineering gave James Doohan an honorary engineering degree because over half the school cited Scotty as inspiration for becoming an engineer. Generally speaking though I always thought it was to help guilt the celebs into thinking they were now alumni and donating money or speaking for cheap/free.
Not surprising. The military sponsored that America's Army Counterstrike knockoff for years as a blatant recruiting tool.
When I last was in the rental market most of the properties I looked at wouldn't rent to me if I had an eviction on my record for the last like 5 years so I don't know what you're talking about.
For wanting the money? No. For actually fucking 5 lives over for an extra thou a month? Yeah.
I'm going to mention that rent control passed in 1979. It's not like you didn't get into this and then the law changed, you know full well what you're doing and apparently you're shit at basic math. This is one of the risks of being a landlord. You made a bad investment and now you're stuck with it.
Yup. Basically you can get 25% to the way towards a nomination if you tie up all the superdelegates before you receive one goddamn vote. It's bullshit. And I'm positive that's the DNC's plan now- force a contested convention and pick like Bloomberg for the nominee as a "compromise" candidate. Does anyone know how they're shaking out at this point? I wouldn't be surprised if Bloomberg or Biden were buttering them up right now.
&gt; I’m a well off white dude who wouldn’t be directly harmed by Trump I'm a well off white dude and I'm not convinced that an anything goes Trump administration wouldn't directly harm me, not that I need that to influence my vote. I'd be done with the Democratic party in it's current incarnation. What I do from there I don't know.
&gt; If a man is respectable The woman that accused him of raping her might disagree with that take.
&gt;The crash was a tragic accident and there was little we could have done. Well, he was granted a special dispensation to fly in exceptionally foggy weather, so his money and privilege bought him an end result that otherwise wouldn't have happened. I lived in the general area as a kid and I live in central CA and experience tule fog yearly and basically you're talking about flying with about maybe 25 feet of visibility. The lesson here should be that your money and power doesn't overrule the weather.
&gt;personal helicopter across town, Don't forget the helicopter was grounded due to the fog but got a special dispensation to fly anyway. Dude thought he was bigger than the weather.
&gt;Why are people, ostensibly Marxists, so upset and defending a rich rapist? There's a psychological phenomenon called a Parasocial interaction or parasocial relationships. Basically, they're one-sided relationships that are \*intensely\* personal to one person and literally non-existant in the other. Kobe didn't give two shits about any of the people sobbing their hearts out right now. Maybe if he met them they'd upgrade from "abstraction of human" to "human" (which is something we all do) but generally speaking this was a one way street. Largely speaking, scientists think Parasocial interactions and relationships exist to help infants and children build identity by observing society. It doesn't turn off when we get older, which is how you get people who are desperately devoted to a guy who threw a ball at a hoop really well, how you get people who put their devotion to Hillary Clinton or Trump ahead of their own family, and the entire industry of instagram influencers. If the parasocial interaction is related to a highly emotional memory, say, someone winning a tight game that you're cheering on, the personal relationship deepens and strengthens. We all have parasocial interactions. Robin Williams and Anthony Bourdain's death got to me deeper than I'd have thought. Looking back I realize that I have a deep connection to both their bodies of work in forming my own identity. That being said, knowing that this is such a one sided relationship, I'm able to put it in perspective. Their death matters to \*me\* because it means part of what made me has died. But I don't put them as people above any other.
CNN literally fabricated a hit piece to go after Bernie.
Usually when that happens these days they advertise a NEW AND IMPROVED PACKAGE!!!
Yup the thing about FOMO is that for it to be effective you have to be capable of \*not\* missing out. If the only way you won't miss out is by turning D2 into a job... then the magic breaks and FOMO loses it's potency and you see it for the skinner box that it is. I literally haven't played in weeks. I'll probably log in next season to get some of the stuff I paid for. That's another thing that's pissing me off. I paid good money for the season pass and it turns out I"m not getting "content" so much as I'm getting timed access to content that goes away. I can't go back and play the Undying season activities and that's kind of ass since I paid for it.
According to the twitter thread, a big part of what happens is that either the sting operation that picks you up uses 280g intentionally to get you the mandatory limit, or they "bunch" you with other people that were picked up with crack to get you to the 280g threshold. So like everyone arrested in a day or in a region would be bundled together as "co-conspirators" to hit the threshold and then they'd slap 10 years on everyone concurrently.
The speeches at Davos were fucking surreal. I mean, shareholder economics is kind of starting to show cracks and more and more capitalists are trying to hedge away from that to prevent full blowback but some of those Davos speeches were just like "fuck you we own you" levels of pretentiousness.
What a scumsucker. That was in reference to Warren's 2% wealth tax. He's so fucking greedy that a tax of what, 60 million dollars out of his fucking 3.2 billion just drives him to tears...
There's a lot of people whose lives are fucked up on opiates that are going to find the idea of M4A to help them get off the opiates and/or manage pain to be awful appealing.
Joking aside California is looking at doing state-run generic drugs manufacturer so that you may not get the uber modern insulin shot that is 300 bucks a month but you will be able to get basic insulin for the 8 bucks a month it used to be. I think it's a fantastic idea.
Exactly. Bloomberg's quality of life isn't changing one iota through all that spending. It's impacting him less than it would for an average person to buy a car.
The 2000 bed hospital is awesome, but they're saying infected rates may be higher than 100,000 with over 4500 cases already diagnosed. This seems to be spreading so fast that by the time the vaccine gets ramped up and out to the public it may have burned through the population already. Not a dig at China but more of an expression of virulence. [https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/china-coronavirus-outbreak-us-plans-wuhan-evacuation-death-toll-number-of-cases-rises-today/](https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/china-coronavirus-outbreak-us-plans-wuhan-evacuation-death-toll-number-of-cases-rises-today/)
Sanders can have a little supremacy.
&gt;regardless of how good the poor person's credit and payment history is. Truth. I finally got my credit up to the 830 range kind of unintentionally after consolidating my debt and it occurred to me that in theory I should be getting "the best offers" now. Nope. I have a fucking capital one card for emergencies that is 19.4% that I thought was highway robbery when I opened it 12 years ago (it was the only card they offered to me at the time). The best credit rate I got offered looking around was 28%. Now the \*ease\* at which I've been offered credit is obscene but the interest rates are usury.
The big "deal" about acorns too is that it rounds your spending up to the nearest dollar and deposits that fiddy cents into an IRA. Which I guess is kind of cool but I can just put 25 bucks into an IRA every month and end up ahead.
The first 150 year old person is probably worth at least a billion dollars right now so I dunno... investment banking?
Good point. Get knocked up? Out you go. Now they're back to a perfect record.
NTA. It's pretty common in some industries (like IT) to share rooms to cut down on costs, but I wouldn't put a woman in a room with a guy unless they both told me in advance that it was cool.
Another part of it probably was that after he started doing it he saw the pleasure that carrying his part of the load gave her and that was positive reinforcement. If you love someone and vacuuming the floor makes them observably happy, you're probably going to be willing to vacuum the floor more often.
It also sounds like this has improved their relationship, so another part might be that he saw that carrying his load and being proactive made her happy and that made him happy.
It also sounds like this has improved their relationship, so another part might be that he saw that carrying his load and being proactive made her happy and that made him happy.
Eh if you're even remotely focused on something else it's dirt simple to miss things. There's a video floating around about selective attention that illustrates it well. You're asked to keep track of basketball passes between people in white shirts while a group of people roll around and pass basketballs. During that time a guy in a gorilla outfit walks on screen and poses and walks off again. The vast majority of people never even register that they've seen a gorilla until they're told about it. I'm kind of ruining the test by priming you but it's to illustrate a larger point. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJG698U2Mvo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJG698U2Mvo) Now replace "count basketball passes" with anything that can seize attention, from work to kids to video games to sports, and you can see how someone misses things that are in front of their face.
Twitter has already said Trump is super duper special and the rules don't apply to him. Sigh.
No idea. But they know they're abusing Reddit or else they wouldn't have like 15 usernames. Few things qualify as a fractally wrong but this is one. OP is wrong at every conceivable scale of resolution. This person's idea is not just wrong, every level of examination shows the idea to be equally as wrong.
&gt;D and D wanted out to do other crap Wasn't that other crap Star Wars? Another franchise driven into the ground by corporate greed?
Twitter isn't the real world.
My family is Californian via Arkansas and Oklahoma. I drop into all y'all whenever I'm around my relations too long. Granted, I have to say it funny compared to you, but I still get to say it.
The Heir to the Empire/Thrawn books were basically the best Star Wars had to offer me personally.
Oh man... Was it Guns of the South by Harry Turtledove? I had an ex from the south give me a copy when I was a teenager and I remember how bananas it was. South African Neo-Nazi time travelers go back in time and give the Confederates AK-47 rifles to shift the tides of war. &amp;#x200B; Edit: No it wasn't. Too bad that book was bonkers.
\*pokes head in\* Has anyone said this is abuse? Because this is abuse. The whole thing where he figures you're about to dump him and he lovebombs you is proof enough. DTMFA and GTFO. Go find someone you want to insert tab A into slot B with or just cuddle with you that makes you feel good, does chores, and doesn't make you sleep on the floor. This is a low enough bar you should trip over it. Also, has anyone said therapy? Because therapy is probably needed. Not a lot, but I be there's a lot of self-esteem landmines he's buried in your subconscious.
&gt; On the other hand, as Malcolm Gladwell famously called out, becoming proficient at sports, musical instruments, games, and many other activities requires hours and hours of repetitive practice. The 10,000 hour rule is a general guideline for individuals to become \*world class\* at something and it might even then be BS. Learning your times tables is not world class mathematics. In fact, it takes anywhere from 20-40 hours of \*deliberate\* practice to achieve basic proficiency at most things. 20 hours of deliberate practice can have you playing songs on an instrument. Not jamming out world class, but basically proficient. But every how has to push you towards getting better, it can't just be dicking around. The practice needs to be deliberate and to push your boundaries just enough to make you really engage. Too hard or not hard enough and you check out. Most homework is busywork and not deliberate practice. Either that or the student struggles, and since there's no support from the teacher since it's homework, they hit a roadblock.
For the record I don't think the BF is a straight up narcissist from the post. Just manipulative and self centered AF. But you don't need to be a narcissist to realize that turning on the romance and effort in the short term to defuse a situation works frequently.
It's not virtue signaling I'd tell all that to my best friend if they came to me with this story.
&gt; Where are the parks with weird statues that create a photo opportunity? Minneapolis has a big spoon with a cherry, very unique. Instagram photos and... a big spoon with a cherry? Fresno is 90 minutes away from the greatest and most majestic and photograph-able mountain range on the planet that stretches for like 800 miles. Sure it's not \*in\* the city but when you can go lunch in Yosemite valley or in Grant Grove on a whim it makes giant spoons with cherries look idiotic. And fuck instagrammable quirky modern art. Also, someone who is such a Selena Gomez fan that it's in their username lecturing us on high culture is like McDonalds trying to teach us about gourmet food. At best you come off as pretentious.
Nor is it surprising that someone with such corporate tastes finds corporate art to be high culture.
As a native I am perfectly happy with people leaving the state.
Yup just verified. It's under "browse teams &amp; channels" dialog. It looks like a kind of new addition. Alternatively, right click on the file and select "copy link". For highly structured file management my suggestion is to drill down to the underlying file library in sharepoint and create your folders and do your file management there. It's a better interface. Teams is meant for fast collaboration.
I'd still be down to see a series of Bernie campaign posters that look like fantasy metal albums from the 70s and 80s.
&gt;Hamas, for example, was aided and abetted by the US and Israel, as a way to divide the Palestinians against themselves. Is there \*any\* "terrorist" group that the US hasn't sponsored at one time or another? FFS.
Sounds about right. Years ago my mom got lymph node cancer which 1-2 years previous would have been essentially a death sentence. A new treatment had been approved literally months earlier which raised her survival chances from 5% to 95%. Without insurance it would have cost her 250,000 dollars a \*month\* for the treatment. As was my parents were paying something like 4500 dollars a quarter for her insurance. Sure beat the 250k but it was hard for them for a while. The good news is that my mom recovered. The bad news is that my dad retired this year but still has to work 1 day a week to qualify for health insurance for my mom until she gets to be 65 since she's at home caring for my grandmother with Alzheimer's and can't work/get her own insurance until she hits 65.
Getting cancer makes you a kind of locked-in customer. You pay or you die.
&gt;If he wants to get better, he needs to radically change his diet to whole fruits and vegetables. If he's not already too skinny, water-fasting is very effective. If he's not too sick, incorporate yoga and walking. Cancer is a metabolic disease. Toxicity in vs toxicity out. Because that worked so well for Steve Jobs?
Fuck you dude my mom is a cancer survivor and her cancer went from a 5% survival rating to 95% survival rating thanks to science. If she listened to you she'd be dead. I know people who relied on your trash pseudoscience and have died from it, expecting any day for the miracle cure that you're proposing. If your methods really would work you could describe/predict the metabolic process down to the cellular level that lets papaya juice kill cancer. And simply saying "acids/toxins build up in your system" is so goddamn idiotic it isn't even wrong. It's just irrelevant and shows that you don't have the most basic understanding of chemistry let alone biology required to participate in a conversation. Unless you think that basic, high school level chemistry is part of the big pharma/western medicine coverup too.
My health insurance is pretty excellent. After I hit my rather low deductable I have a 20% copay. So that'd be 20k for that month of treatment. Now one month would hit my max out of pocket limit, but that's still I think 15,000 dollars I have to come up with. And that assumes that my insurance company approves the treatment. It may not. Or it may decide to reverse it's approval sometime down the road. Health insurance can be a fucking nightmare. You don't know how much of a nightmare it can be until you're laying on the ground with a broken back while on the phone with your insurance asking them to pre-approve an ambulance ride and whatever treatment you may need (this is a true story).
In other words you have zero idea how insurance works in the US. Gotcha.
I rented an apartment in a new city I moved into. Rent was competitive and the place was... decent. Had a cockroach problem and the AC took like 4 hours to drop the apartment by 3 degrees but whatever. Got a year lease, and at the end of the year they jacked the rent up by around 20%. I didn't know if I was going to be relocated to a new project so I re-upped a 6 month lease and paid the premium. So my rent went up to 30% higher than what I was paying a year previously. After the 6 months, they give me the fucking "we're raising your rent" letter again. I pointed out they had raised it already that year and they just said it goes up every time I renew my lease. The year long lease was 10-15% \*higher\* than my previous 6 month lease and another 6 months was going to be 30% higher than my previous rent again. I went from 900 a month to 1500 a month in 18 months if I was going to re-up at 6 months. Needless to say, I fucking left. Found a place that had a garage, good AC, no cockroaches, a back yard, was a nicer house, and was significantly less than what I was paying during that 6 month period. Never seen rent go up 60% in a one year time frame. That was nuts. They're still renting for like 1100 a month to get in now.
Back in the 80's and 90's we had landlords like that. I think we stayed at one house for 10 years and the rent went up by 100 bucks over those 10 years. Usually we were pretty good tenants and never requested any maintenance that we couldn't do ourselves.
Not really. My government/sociology teacher in College said that you could break most people down into two groups: Goldings children and Dickens children. You either tended towards Lord of the Flies, where society (and thus religion) were the things shaping us from being moral monsters, or you sided more so with Charles Dickens and believed people had innate goodness that you could reach if you drilled through the layers that the worst of society insulated you from.
I kind of feel that Buddhism usually needs an asterisk next to it when talking about it as a religion. It's the exception that proves the rule in my experience. And even then there's instances of Buddhist leaders abusing their positions to sleep with their followers and stuff.
LOL someone forgot to tell the questioning trans person that TERFs are out there and they look just like regular libs. Frankly I'd personally find it hilarious if we could carve TERF into their foreheads like in Inglorious Basterds just to save society time but alas we can't have any calm, collected solutions like that.
&gt;you could actually just measure bone density and muscle strength before a fight to be sure people are on an even playing field Reclassify weight class via DEXA scan instead of just a weigh-in? Interesting... I wonder if that would discourage water fasts and other games meant to drop significant weight temporarily to drop down into a weight class you probably shouldn't be in.
&gt;Give the tribes equality to the federal government Can you imagine each Reservation getting it's share of representatives and senators? There are 326 reservations. Assuming 1 rep and 2 senators, they'd dwarf the rest of the country in the legislature. It would be glorious.
Good to know! Thank you for the reply I appreciate it.
I took a DEXA scan once it was nuts. It calculated out the muscle mass for each region of my body, bone density, lean mass vs fat mass, abdominal fat, it's the ultimate shitlord when it comes to brutal honesty about your body. If you wanted to get psycho you could, in theory, find people with particularly developed muscles in their left legs and start pitting them against each other. Muscle strength isn't necessarily tested in a DEXA scan but still I find the idea interesting.
You call these grapes? They taste like Fresno! It's clearly a pretty straight up punch at Dallas back in the day but apparently aware of how absurd Dallas actually was. I remember when it came out.
It's not a game. It's a 100% solved state that you can memorize.
I believe gomoku is played as connect-5 on a 15x15 board. There's actually a game there compared to tic tac toe.
&gt;You can like someone’s work and not condone the stuff they do in their personal life To a point. Orson Scott Card is by all accounts some grade A right wing liquid shit but he did write Ender's Game. If it ever came out he was a right wing liquid shit that raped someone I'd burn the copy I have in my bookshelf. Also, Kobe threw a ball at a hoop.
This used to be how I got things done with the telco company. I called it the human ping of death. If you picked up the phone, I would insist you \*stay\* on the phone until I was satisfied. No transfers. Only conference calls. You explain that this gets transferred around and around and so you're just going to insist on conferencing everyone in so that everything is handled quickly and at once. Apologize ruefully to the person for having the bad luck to pick up \*this\* phone call. Right around... 9-12 people on the conference call is the critical mass where some supervisor does the math of 10-15 bucks an hour (back then) times 12 people plus his own not inconsiderable salary plus all their wasted productivity and realizes they're about to lose money for the next year or two on my internet circuit by dragging this out for the customary 3 or 4 hours. If I can get a real manager on, like a regional director, they fucking go ballistic because there's 15 people on the phone and I'm costing them thousands of dollars an hour in wages and productivity. Back in the day I got a T1 from ordered to installed in 4 days from SBC. They had basically ignored the request for the 8 weeks of lead time that they claim they need, so I did the ping of death on them. Took an hour and a dozen people including a regional director but I got it done for free for wasting my time (and the director's time).
Driver's cam is a must. Here's a hint- Check it every 6 months or so and make sure the camera is still recording. My camera cooked to death and stopped recording last summer even though it told me it was still recording. I missed a significant accident because of that. Thankfully there were witnesses for that one.
&gt;The 50s was red scare 2. It happened at the start of the century. Eugene Debs went to jail for speaking against WWI. While in jail he ran for president and got like 3% of the vote. Good point worth remembering!
&gt;Stalin was an abusive father. Stalin also murdered some people I heard too. I'm not a tankie or fan of Stalin. &amp;#x200B; &gt; Che was a womanizer who left his first wife for another woman and straight up hated Black ppl. I don't like Che and don't have any of his writings in my bookshelf either. I find the idea of buying mass produced che t-shirts to be absurd and idiotic considering his politics. &amp;#x200B; &gt; Bob Marley raped his wife, had kids with other women, and made her raise them. I don't own any Bob Marley music. &amp;#x200B; &gt; MLK cheated on his wife and allegedly watched one of his ppl rape someone. Infidelity doesn't come up to the level of rape in my book. It's shit but it's not rape. Also, that allegation is from an FBI file if I'm not mistaken and was assembled at a time when \*any\* rumor of dirt was hoovered up by... well.. Hoover. If it's ever proven I'll have to come back and reevaluate. &amp;#x200B; &gt; Huey Newton was abusive to his girlfriends, killed a prostitute, and embezzled money from the BPP to feed his drug habit. And I don't have anything from Huey Newton on my bookshelf either. &amp;#x200B; &gt; All of your heroes led awful personal lives, but you still respect their work. Don't put words in my mouth please. I think I'm pretty consistent. You're right, a lot of historical influential figures led horrible lives. Much like I think people have to be a little narcissistic to dream of running for President, I think you have to have a particular mindset to be cool with being a world figure, and that "otherness" can lead to some pretty shitty decisions. But there's a point where you cross over from just "sack of liquid crap" to things like rape and murder where I have to examine the body of work taking that into account and seeing if you can strip the contribution away from the creator. At the end of the day I'm not going out and starting threads or proactively going after people for having a parasocial interaction with Kobe. That's totally their thing and is fine. We all have them. I discovered to my surprise that I had a strong parasocial relationship with Anthony Bourdain and Robin Williams when they died. I also realize that it's completely one sided, and that honestly Bourdain was probably a shit husband and possibly a shit father, and that both men were strung out drug addicts at one point. But it does force a reckoning to look at their work and my connection to it and see if their faults stain or surpass their work. In those two particular cases, I'd argue they don't. If someone looks at Kobe and comes to the same conclusion, so be it, but it's important to keep that dynamic in mind and not turn him into the fantasy that's in someone's head. That's just as destructive and "dishonoring" of the real man as going and trolling randos that he was Rape Tower.
If you're trying to build something like a sodastream I believe you need a CO2 tank with a dip tube in it so you pull liquid CO2 and let it flash into a higher pressure to carbonate the seltzer. Those are rarer and more expensive. Otherwise if you do it old school like a brewer you chill the still water in a keg and put it under pressure and shake it every few days and after a week you're carbonated.
In this particular case it sounded to me as if the Imperial Assault app was better put together than the Descent app was.
Terrinoth is FFG's fantasy setting. It is library paste bland and generic though no matter what FFG tries to do with it.
Late on this but I'll say that the best "risk killer" is probably Risk Legacy. It's still Risk, but the rules are streamlined and the legacy components don't require the same 4 people to play 30 sessions. New players start off with a victory point in a race to 3 VPs. It's a good balance. I haven't played it yet but Quartermaster General seems like it might scratch the dudes on a map global conquest itch in a unique way where each side is asymmetrical. Small world is a classic too, very easy to play. I find it fun but I also find I \*suck\* at it.
I'm having a bad day. Like, fantasies of suck-starting a shotgun or hanging myself bad day. But this? This makes me feel better. Bern this shit to the ground.
Correct me if I'm wrong but a lot of our oil exports are extremely shitty and dirty tar sands oil, both toxic to refine and extra dirty. I suspect it'll do shit like make that North Dakota pipeline irrelevant. It can't deliver oil to be refined to be shipped out.
If there's any federal money going towards state prisons, he could probably in theory hold that back until simple cannabis posession convictions are pardoned.
Actually... I don't think that's a sure bet. We all expected a Manafort pardon and he's rotting in jail. Literally I think. Flynn is literally begging for a presidential pardon by trying to troll the court he's in and withdrawing his guilty plea (or trying to) so that Trump can hold him up as a martyr and... Trump isn't doing \*anything\*. He's moved on. Remember, Trump is a malignant narcissist. Nothing tickles him more than having people go to the mat to be loyal to him and then fucking them over when he is done with them. You will see him maybe pardon his family and anyone who will benefit him. He will probably try to pardon himself, or do a "resign on the last day so Pence can pardon him" type of thing if he can't pardon himself. But his cronies who stuck their necks out for him? I'd give it maybe a 25% chance.
Nixon was preemptively pardoned.
Medical bills. My doctor is trying to spend my money faster than I can earn it. Just got another thousand dollar coinsurance payment and not sure how to pay. If my doctor tried to order more tests I'll have to tell him my life isn't worth this much money. I've paid 18k in medical bills since one year ago and have been insured the entire time. I'm better today but yesterday was rough.
I guess NSFW is too much to ask?
Probably your best bet. Red wine contains umami chemicals so I'd consider adding like... a tablespoon or so of soy sauce or maybe some tomato paste to the red wine vinegar dilution. Depending on if the recipe can take it of course.
If you use chrome for your browser there's a plugin called https everywhere that I believe is put out by the Electronic Frontier Foundation. It forces your browser to request an https version of the page you're visiting if it's avaialble. [https://www.eff.org/https-everywhere](https://www.eff.org/https-everywhere) I've been running it since it launched \*years\* ago and forget that I have it 99.99% of the time. World is moving towards HTTPS being default anyway but this helps ensure that it is HTTPS whenever possible.
47% of voters are cool with Bernie as a socialist and VOX calls that unpopular? Trump got 46% of the popular vote in 2016 and they talk about his large base and shit. FFS can't we be consistent?
Yes because insurance negotiates priced to make it look like your saving money. So the uninsured cost can be a bazillion dollars. A brief ER visit to test for a heart attack was 4000 with insurance and around 13000 without.
&gt;Just because Obama acknowledged stonewall does not necessarily mean the event had to have been violent in order to work. You don't even know \*what\* happened at Stonewall. Because now we're into alternative history fiction where you just imagine that any violent confrontation had a peaceful, effective alternative. When you come back to reality we can have a real discussion. Right now you admit you're off completely in a world of fantasy.
Riiiiiight. Because peaceful protesting has ended police killing minorities with impunity. Owait. It didn't. That's why they're rioting. Sanctioned methods of protest are meant to minimize and trivialize the protesters. That's what the ruling class does. It's why when you protest they stick you 10 miles away in a little taped off corridor. If you follow the rules, you lose. Because the rules are rigged to support the people in charge to stay in charge.
&gt;I can’t believe I’m defending civility right now smh Arguing civility when one side is literally okay with choking the life out of the other side on camera (Or running people over) because there are no repercussions is futile. It's bringing a pillow to a gun fight. Civility failed the moment when George Floyd had his pulse checked and the officer kept choking him for 2 more minutes. It failed when police let the son of a fellow officer go after attempted vehicular manslaughter. Where do you go when civility fails?
Low temperature. Test often until crispy and completely dry. I usually dry at around 110 or 120. Higher than that and you risk destroying the herbal aspects. When you dry them that low it's hard to believe how strong they are. Or you could just cut &amp; tie bundles upside down and leave them in a breezy area and they'll dry on their own.
Some herbs hold up to that better than others and other factors can impact that. But yeah, low heat is the key for drying herbs.
Personally I don't take that as a sign that someone actually does want to hang out. It's a polite nicety. Like, I can't tell you how many times I've had people say "let's get together for lunch some time!" and when you propose a time they vanish like a fart in the wind. That's them trying to be polite I guess. I don't take it personally. Hell I don't even follow up any more unless I get some other sign Judge them by their unenforced behavior. If you text them "Hey I had a really great time thanks!" and they start up a conversation with you, that's way more evidence they like you than the end-of-date "let's do this again". The exception is specifics. If they say like "What are you doing next Wednesday do you want to do X" then that's a good sign. If you have to initiate the interaction with them consistently that's a warning sign. People who like you will actively try to spend time talking to you or being with you once they know the feeling is mutual.
Ask her about the things she posts on instagram.
What's the best part about her travels, where she wants to go, things like that. Funny/bizarre incidents she encountered. Nightmare stories she got through that are amusing to look back on now (save this for when you know them a little better and are on more casual terms). How does she pick where to eat when she's travelling? Her instagram is literally a catalog of things she likes doing and people dig talking about the things that make them happy. Make sure they're open ended questions that require more than yes/no answers. Hopefully they ask you questions back, and even if you don't have experience you can share your bucket list and dreams and stuff.
None of it. This is like the 3rd or 4th day in a row that I've seen this. Don't fall for shit like this just delete it.
\#1 Who? \#2 man that picture of the CEO makes her look like she's about ready to pull a knife and demand to speak to the manager.
I thought shady illegal shit like this was mainly a New York State thing.
The worst is the people who put the fucking mask on then pull it off once they get inside the store. That's even more black-pill.
&gt;Or the one’s who wear it below their nose I want this on a T-shirt [https://i.imgur.com/W85C6Hr.png](https://i.imgur.com/W85C6Hr.png) Only problem is, knowing fresno, guys would start pulling their dicks out of their underwear and rolling like they're about to pee.
&gt;I just wear a mask out of respect for other people, not concerned about getting the virus myself, since i work from home Wearing a mask is not meant to protect you. It's meant to protect everyone around you. So if everyone wears a mask, you're protected. If you don't wear a mask, you're still protected because people around you wear a mask, but you're saying "fuck you I'll risk you getting infected". This is basically anti-vaxxer logic. But with even shittier justification (which is impressive since anti-vaxxer arguments are based on cons, scams, and lies)
Bullshit. N95s properly fitted will prevent you from inhaling particles. The cloth masks are there to help prevent spreading the disease to other people, since you're infectious before symptoms even start. Why is this so hard for people to understand? Is altruism and community \*really\* that dead in America that "you may be getting other people sick without you knowing it" is too difficult to understand?
&gt;breathing 60% less oxygen LOL no. Well okay I've seen some shitty fucking face masks that make breathing hard but generally speaking no. And I have a pulse oxymeter to measure oxygen saturation in my blood and I can't tell when I'm wearing a mask or not. I wouldn't do tabata in a restrictive face mask but just for going shopping? Put the fucking mask on and be a responsible member of your community.
&gt;Next week if we don't see a quadruple number of infected in these protest cities Have to test to have an accurate number. Have to report the numbers accurately to know the results of the test. Neither of those are being done sufficiently across the country. Also the numbers are steadily going up. Many states are seeing the highest levels of new infection and increasing infection rates since the beginning of the pandemic.
&gt;That holds true for any infectious disease That's factually not true. &amp;#x200B; &gt; Wearing a cloth over your face says you didn't learn these lessons Judging by my experience, it's the assholes who aren't wearing a mask who are coughing and sneezing without covering up. Because, you know, coughing into a tissue is tyranny. I get you now. You're a libertarian. That explains \*so\* much.
&gt;All those poor employees are forced to work sick. Yeah it fuckin sucks doesn't it to be a cog in a corporate machine that doesn't give a shit if you live or die (or worse, profits off your death. Google "dead peasant insurance"). Too bad we don't have federally mandated sick leave or fucking universal health care to take care of it like the rest of the developed world.
&gt;Which applies to covid19 all the same. It &gt; &gt;is &gt; &gt; harder to catch today than it was in February, thanks to the extra heat. Actually, what's nuts is that COVID19 apparently dies faster in humid weather. Completely contrary to most viruses. The model you can play with for ABS/Steel is here. It's fucking weird. [https://www.dhs.gov/science-and-technology/sars-calculator?fbclid=IwAR22\_GQ\_3lr\_C9KpOev8EXmws\_SiB97AYhMnqXzsxxO74nRHiCQH8jgMP6s](https://www.dhs.gov/science-and-technology/sars-calculator?fbclid=IwAR22_GQ_3lr_C9KpOev8EXmws_SiB97AYhMnqXzsxxO74nRHiCQH8jgMP6s)
Just to let you know there's no camping/lodging in the parks themselves- [https://www.nps.gov/seki/planyourvisit/conditions.htm](https://www.nps.gov/seki/planyourvisit/conditions.htm) The front country trails look open but they're warning that they could be crowded. Normal shuttle service is suspended too. No visitor center or tourist concessions are open. Restrooms are. As for your itinerary yes it's doable assuming that parking isn't blown out. Trail conditions haven't been updated since Feb so you're probably best off calling the rangers for Tokopah Falls but the other two should be fine. Please note that with Moro Rock in particular, the stairs are very steep and you're going to use the hand rails at some point for assistance. So will everyone else. Bring hand sanitizer and make sure you don't touch your face. I'd consider all the assists on that trail to be high-frequency touch surfaces. The other trails should be better.
I have about a 50% failure to deliver rate for OnTrac here in CA. Dozens of packages have disappeared or been marked "delivered" and never shown up over the years with them. It's a total crap shoot if you get your package or not. Up until the COVID thing, they were easily the worst logistics carrier in the market. I think they use private contractors to last mile it the way Amazon does but OnTrac doesn't care very much if packages get "misdelivered". If you ever have an option, don't use OnTrac. I'd pay more for shipping before relying on them. Since COVID Amazon has actually surpassed OnTrac for lost packages, but that's a different topic.
The chat is even worse LOL If you ask a question that requires a specific answer they tell you that you were disconnected and have to start over again.
I've noticed that if they feel like they're put on the spot they "disconnect" or "lose your ticket" or something else and have you start over. Why deal with an issue when someone else can deal with it tomorrow?
&gt;epoxy coatings Yeah one of the big scenes for home DIY boat builders is a technique called Stitch &amp; Glue. You use marine ply &amp; cut the pieces out and stitch them together with some heavy copper wire (or similar wire) then epoxy/resin the whole thing before removing the stitching. The geometry of the boat provides it's rigidity, the resin/epoxy provides it's seaworthiness.
/r/oddlysatisfying
Lot of construction going on or ramping up. I know HSR was sucking up OSHA 30 people but that was like 2+ years ago. But look at large/civil construction projects going on.
Yeah for a brief moment I thought about 3d printing a stitch &amp; glue boat as a "isn't that wierd?" kind of project but the amount of material you'd need made me quickly realize that wood is probably a more cost effective material. If I ever win the lottery I'll do it as a gag.
If the Sespe is flowing well Bear Creek Camp is a nice place to stop and swim that isn't close to the trailhead. Forgot how far in- 3 or 4 miles?
I was looking at uhaul but there's a local trailer specialist place that I called up and they quoted me a better hitch for about 50 dollars more. I try to support local business so I pulled the trigger on it. Ended up being about 285 I want to say. Spectacular job, rock solid, looks good. Tows better. 1000 dollars is fucking highway robbery. I'd seriously ask them for a cost breakdown just for giggles. It takes about an hour, maybe a little longer to install, and the hitch is usually about 200 bucks. The wiring rig cost me I think 25 bucks? Google trailer hitch install for your area and see if you can find a specialist in town. You probably can. If not any good mechanic can do it pretty quick. It might take a little extra time if they have to modify the hitch to install it or drop the muffler for the installation but that's why they have lifts and machines.
I've had a gun held to my head 4 times in my life, every time by police officers. And that's some of the better treatment I've received from them. I'm white too. However, that doesn't tell me that white privilege isn't systemic from law enforcement, that's obvious. It just tells me that white people assume that it can't happen to them and that they are wrong. I can feel stir crazy at 11 at night and jump in my car and go for a drive and feel reasonably confident I won't have a cop pull me over to see WTF I'm up to. That's privilege. But if I am pulled over, I also know that nothing will stop that cop if they decide that I need to die. The two ideas aren't mutually exclusive.
You weren't shot, your guns weren't confiscated under suspicion of gun running (asset forfeiture is ass, thank god California cracked down on it), you were harassed a little and probably searched illegally, but at no point were you probably in fear of your life. The lesson is that even with systemic privilege you're not safe from police abuse. One cop can decide "fuck the rules" and you just have to take it.
Yup. I guess you could go out of Kings Canyon at Road's end and thread your way to the PCT/JMT and head south from there but that's probably a good 2 week trek. You also have Andrew Skurka's High Sierra Route but 90% of that is off-trail and requires real navigation and route finding skills.
In Fresno at least it's mandatory to have it on when you enter a store. Though a lot of people pull them off afterwards.
Look up local blacksmiths. They usually erum... "come" by them.
You should be looking at about an extra 1000-1200 dollars a month, very very roughly speaking. That's enough for rent right there, so you're 300 bucks a month ahead (your old rent) \*and\* you get bennies.
You picked a helluva summer for car camping. I'd back up the suggestions to check the Sierra National Forest around Kings Canyon, though I'm not sure at all how that's going to work or when. SEKI isn't even opening up campgrounds until after the 4th of July I believe. Looks like the Sierra national forest campsites are open and taking reservations so I'd book now probably. August still has blocks of available sites but I imagine they'll get booked fast.
