Strange has already shown a willingness to allow himself to die endlessly to protect others. I think an end where he dies but the universe is safe would be considered a viable one for him.
But he had no idea that Dormammu would ever agree to a bargain, he said he was willing to keep dying forever to keep Earth safe.
Which is just another significant deviation for the franchise, which has widely made most of the hardcore fanbase pretty upset.
He seems to be pretty knowledgeable and respectful of Trek in interviews he's done where he talks about Trek. Also Data does age: https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=2&amp;v=A2OhDVhy0dk
Comedies, specifically sitcoms, are generally very heavily lit, because 1. Many of them are multicam, for something like "Friends" or "The Big Bang Theory", have multiple cameras that they cut back and forth between, and having a flat even lightning throughout the scene makes sure the actors are well lit for BOTH cameras, more dynamic lighting in contrast will look good from one angle, but bad from another. 2. A well lit scene also means that actors can move around the set easily and interact with a lot of areas of the scene without it having to be relit, this allows characters to move around the scene a lot, or to even improv and do different things in the scene and do something they weren't scripted to. 3. The focus in many comedies are on funny dialogue and gags, so making something look dramatic or dynamic is a secondary concern for many comedic productions.
"You cannot do this forever." "Actually I can, this is how things are now, you and me, trapped in this moment, endlessly." "You will spend eternity dying?" "Yes.. but everyone on Earth, will live." "You will suffer." "Pain's an old friend." ... "You will NEVER win." "No.. but I can lose again and again and again and again forever.. That makes you my prisoner." Strange hoped Dormammu would surrender but he truly didn't know if Dormammu would ever give in, I feel like Strange was entirely ready to just loop it forever if Dormammu didn't ever give in.
I think exploring the concept of rogue elements of the Federation, or people acting against the core values of the Federation for some idea of the 'greater good' goes back to the very core of Star Trek. There are episodes like "The Wounded" in TNG and "The Omega Glory", in OST that both deal with rogue captains waging private wars outside of the confines of the Federation. There are also episodes like "Patterns of Force". I think that is different to taking away the formal professionalism displayed in-universe for decades. Section 31 was an attempt by the writers to create a new drama engine, a secret organization going against Federation values in an effort to protect it, that provides some neat philosophical ground to tread, and has parallels with real actions taken by real intelligence organizations for "the greater good". Changing the quality of professionalism and throwing in 20th century vulgarities just showcases a cynical attempt to make this "NOT YOUR DAD'S BORING SHITTY STAR TREK!", it isn't really an exploration of something new, or of a new controversial philosophical concept, it serves no story purpose other than to try to appeal to people that dislike Star Trek or are self-conscious it's "boring".
In the 20th century. Star Fleet is a hyper-competant/professional organization in the future, they would have a different quality to how they talk. Throwing in ways how 20th century people talk in casual settings feel at odds with how we have seen Federation personnel acting for decades in canon.
Never said it would vanish, just that it's been shown to be extremely uncommon in every other canon piece of the lore. In Discovery it's casual and not uncommon. The formality of how people behave typically in Star Fleet and how people talk has been common for decades, using 20th century slang and casual profanity just feels very unlike what we know in a cheap and cynical way. At the very least if they were going to do it, I would prefer they went the Galactica or Firefly route and made up new curses that show how language and culture has changed since the 20th century.
It was CLOSE many times, it also wasn't that Japan was bigger, it's that if Japanese growth continued, that it would be much bigger by the US economy by the 90's. Between 1970-75 the Japanese GDP doubled, from 75-80 it doubled again, from 80-90 it tripled, from 90-95 it nearly doubled, and was 2 trillion dollars under the US. Then stagflation became the norm, and the "Lost Decade" was here to stay.
Probably something like: "Before we knew about life outside of our own planet, we had a lot of anxiety about the unknown. Our own history has many examples of where two different cultures, separated by time and geological barriers, reconnect and had disastrous results thanks to invasive species, invasive diseases, and warfare often motivated by ideological differences or economic pursuits. These historical examples were extrapolated out into and influenced our art, including speculation about what could happen if we did encounter outside groups who didn't have our best interest at heart. Seeing art that inspired fear or anxiety can also be an exciting experience, and it can be reaffirming of our best qualities when we saw our own species overcome these external threats, especially when it led to a breakdown of the artificial barriers we imposed between members of our species over superficial differences in appearance, and an enhancement of our unity as a species and a reminder of our common humanity and value despite all of our historical failures. So really, it was never about any kind of preparation about confronting a real threat as a species, but it was about the dramatic potential of overcoming challenges larger than our species, and about staking a claim to our unified humanity." I would be surprised if a species that could reach the stars didn't have similar concepts of "Tribe Affirming" or "Unifying External Threat Challenge"-stories in their own history. I would imagine that most species that could achieve interstellar travel would be very good at cooperation, so they would definitely have rituals, concepts, or art that could act as a unifying symbol for their people. The concept of a tribe coming together to face a powerful unknown threat is ANCIENT, fighting trickster spirits, gods, dragons, enemy tribes, powerful animals, ghosts, witches, monsters all go back to very early history. I don't feel that a species would require a lot of explanation for seeing these "Unifying External Threat Challenge"-stories to have continued into our industrial age, and for spiritual or metaphysical enemies to be supplanted with new technological extrahuman entities as our scientific awareness of the potential of life outside of our own planet developed.
"No, the injuries aren't really the point, just an unfortunate side-effect of the game, although the danger involved is often one of the reasons it can be seen as thrilling, and why the players of the games who play at the highest competitive levels can be compensated so handsomely. The point is the success or failure of the team, and about affirming tribal groups, when our tribes succeeded in antiquity, we would have a vicarious feeling of our own success, even if we did not contribute directly to the victory. These feelings as a concept can be used by the teams of players, especially since the teams are seen as representatives of the places they come from, and by extension there is a tribal unity that the people who live in the town that the team is from can feel. These less violent or non-violent competitions are usually about continuing those feelings, but are a less dangerous version of more deadly tribal conflicts, or blood sports that used to be much more popular in antiquity. Our species has already moved towards making it safer still by moving many of these competitive aspects into simulated arenas in computer games, and they have grown very quickly as a sport of their own, but traditional physical sports in the real world are still very popular, and we have a lot of rules and protective equipment to try to make them safer still, but we are unfortunately still limited by our technology, and cannot make every sport 100% safe, but surely you can understand this, having progressed through our own level of technological development at one time."
https://vimeo.com/304987806
Thanks, if you're being serious, I can try to boil it down some more., Aliens were probably really good at working together just like humans are, and they probably made stories where their tribe overcome some big challenge, since oral or written stories are a great way to pass down history and important lessons to be successful. An alien invasion is just a really big challenge to us, and isn't about genuine fear of actual species, but just of the danger that a big universe that we know nothing about poses to us.
I think that they could pull a "Ragnarok" with Ant-Man, and do something very different with the third film. I think that maybe Ant-Man 3 could do a lot of different things, but maybe that could serve as a linchpin for a larger "Future Foundation"-arc with the introduction of F4. But doing something other than a heist film, and showcasing Lang's electrical engineering skills and scientific knowledge would be interesting. They have kind of forgotten that Lang is a genius in his own right, with his continued modifications of the suits. But I feel like Ant-Man 2 was a good growth from the first film, and really set down some great foundation for them to do some really wild stuff, Pym and Janet reunited, she has superpowers that can heal people now. I would love to see a storyline about Pym starting his own exotic-diseases hospital, and him and Janet using quantum particles and nano-bots to heal people, and Pym being seen as a humanitarian. So an arc with him finally getting recognition and acceptance instead of being a fugitive outsider scientist. I would love to see them do some big stuff, with a whole quantum research facility and their own base deep in the quantum realm, and they have to face native inhabitants of the realm, and Marvel could do their own Micronauts-style storyline without using the Micronauts. I just feel that there are a lot of potential with what they can do with the technology and lore they have built up in the films, and while none of these are necessarily a big a-story, they have so many ways they could go with the stuff they've introduced.
They were originally called "Miracle Legion", and used Polaris as a stage-name for the show.
The creators said that Season 3 was completed and printed on DVD's and had box art and there are thousands of copies just sitting in a warehouse.
I was sexually assaulted as a child, I do not bring this up casually because I have never gotten any real consistent emotionally support or comfort from anyone about it. I confided in a friend about it happening, and she was friends with the girl who had just broken up with me, and she let it slip when they were out asking how she felt about the fact that I was raped, my ex acted confused and asked what, and my friend told her the whole thing without asking me. My ex then called me up in a three-way phone call where they both took turns chastising me and calling me a liar for not telling her I was raped as a child. This exchange will live with me forever. Me: "I just don't want to be treated like damaged goods, I want people to treat me like anyone else. I just feel like people would treat me differently and treat me like I was damaged if they knew, or that people wouldn't date me." Her: "You are! And I WOULDN'T have dated you if I knew! You're a liar." All of our friends took her side lock and step, if someone doesn't admit past trauma as a warning before the relationship starts they are a liar. After that I never told anyone I dated. She spent a lot of time during #Metoo talking about all the reasons victims don't speak out, or the reprisals they can face for it. After I tried to talk about my experiences during #MeToo I got called an attention whore who was trying to steal attention from women. I quickly deleted my post. Every lesson I have been taught in life is that it is something I just need to keep to myself.
I mean I am still kind of raw about it, but I just chalk it up mostly to them being incredibly stupid and inexperienced people. She broke up with me because she had only really dated me in HS, and wanted "new experiences", so she wasn't going into college totally blind, and I think she felt kind of guilty about it and wanted desperately to have some reason why she should have a good reason to feel negatively about me, so she could write the break-up off as 'deserved'. In hindsight I think the friend was attracted to me and wanted to make sure we didn't get back together so I would be available. Also there is just the pack mentality with girls, especially young girls, they will close rank and support their friends regardless of how shitty they were being in hindsight.
I mean I would, but I am sure she has changed since HS, I just can't help feeling somewhat raw about it knowing how she acted towards me during that incident. I feel like it is better to just let it be, people being real shitheels 10 years ago isn't something I feel like they need to be publically shamed for.
They were one of 30 or so dairies that supplied milk to Fairlife. The company claims they will no longer be sourcing milk from them, and will be conducting audits at their remaining suppliers. https://fairlife.com/news/fairlife-statement-regarding-arm-video/ Make of it what you will. Edit: the Dairy itself also made a statement and said that the employees seeing abusing animals in the video were fired months ago for being abusive. https://fofarms.com/post/response/
Fairlife sources their milk from a few dozen dairies, this was one of them, and the company now says they won't be doing business with them any longer. You can believe them or not. https://fairlife.com/news/fairlife-statement-regarding-arm-video/
Do get help if you have the opportunity.
It's a tragedy. Once upon a time she could have had a better life. I hope she gets the help she needs.
That line is most likely referencing the 1960's Congo Crisis. Everything else around it was also mentioning stuff that happened in the 60's, such as the leader of South Korea, the Payola scandal, and the release of Psycho.
10 millions deaths is a high upper estimate and is considered implausibly high by some historians. Also those numbers are total deaths, in a period with intense outbreaks of disease over the course of 20 years, most of the deaths were from apathy and mismanagement of food and medicine, as opposed to direct actions by genocidal agents. Also he is.
Because Hitler and Stalin were conflicts America was directly involved in, and which changed the world drastically more. Also my HS class totally talked about this during our semester on the Colonial period.
A lot of people argue that Devil Worship is "real" Satanism, as it is far far older than Laveyan Satanism.
Or white Jamaicans: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwDgA9LUVMA
No, it was actually founded to COUNTER the normal military. It was designed to act as a counter against counter-revolutionary forces, so they would swoop in and fight the military if they became corrupt and tried to start a coup, or they would fight anyone who was deemed as being corrupt and endangering the revolution. The Regular Military infrastructure and units were inherited from the Pre-Revolutionary government, and within that structure were many people that the Revolutionary government had to work with, but that they were unconvinced of their absolute loyalty to the New Government. Iran was in a precarious position and couldn't lobotomize their military in order to make it ideologically pure. So thus instead of liquidating the military and rebuilding it, keep it, but design a 2nd military that you can build from the ground up and make sure it's pure. So you don't have to leave yourself undefended while you reorganize, and you have a group designed to counter and police the regular military if they stepped out of bounds and did anything other than the job of defending the country. The Military protects the borders, and fights other countries, the Revolutionary Guard fights both internal and external enemies of the Revolution itself, they are parallel organizations with different goals. The IRGC is also highly decentralized, with regional commanders having a lot of flexibility to how they operate their mission. They have always been by design a 2nd layer to the government, and have their own layer of influence that they wield, often in competition with more conventional government institutions, especially against parts of the government inherited from pre-revolutionary governments.
And there are many other American aircraft that they are already using that the US would be more than happy to sell them more of if they were doing it for political reasons.
Kamala is 16, Khalifa is 26. I think they should probably aim for someone who is a bit younger, and will be able to grow into the role like Tom Holland.
And i've only seen them in the last 5 or 6 years.
Wow! Thanks for thinking of my bit on this, I appreciate it.
Have you considered focusing on safer/healthier farmed insects such a crickets or grasshoppers? https://www.edibleinsects.com/ https://www.bizarrefood.com/edible-insects-bugs https://www.next-food.net/ https://www.thailandunique.com/edible-insects-bugs Many wild insects could be contaminated with pesticides, or microorganisms that aren't safe to be consumed by humans. Farmed insects also come in a wide variety of flavors, and can be prepared in many different ways.
It's a warehouse with multiple businesses inside of it I believe.
A large gas can is easier to haul around in the back of a truck than in the back seat of a car.
Sure, but the back of a truck is an easy place to carry a lot of extra gas.
My prediction is that forcing him to invent time travel under stressful situations will lead to the emergence of the Doctor again. He develops the creatures while trying to develop a new artificial monolith, since they are made of the same material. And he goes back in time using them to escape the Chronicons and starts cleansing planets, as the Doctor has turned into a little Mini-Thanos trying to 'cleanse' the Universe. So by trying to enslave Fitz the Chronicons are destroying their own planet.
I think that the Monoliths are imperfect imitations of the Infinity Stones, that the Kree made thousands of years ago and hid on Earth since they use Earth as the storage for all of their weird weapons.
https://www.amazon.com/ZonLi-Weighted-170-230lb-Individual-Children/dp/B075W94KB3 I got this one, and it has helped me immensely.
Yea, they use hypersleep because they don't want to hang out in a cramped ship for months waiting to get to the other side of the journey. You COULD, but it would require a LOT more supplies, and people would be pretty stir crazy by the time the trip was over.
It isn't that Chinese audiences are dumb, but that having a simple plot with fewer regionally localized jokes, that is easy to follow without excessive dialogue cues are believed to sell better to audiences that don't share the language of the film. Jokes about race for instance might not play well or make sense to Chinese audiences, so jokes like "Brooklyn's just raining black people", or "It used to be a black guy but he kept getting pulled over", might not make a lot of sense to a non-American audience that isn't overly familiar with race relations in America. The same thing goes for us, Non-English films that are easy to follow may be easier for general audiences to follow, it isn't that Americans are dumb, but that reading subtitles while trying to follow a plot that requires localized regional knowledge to fully appreciate all the jokes may make a film less popular. Look at Stephen Chow for instance, his most popular films in the US all have a heavy reliance on sight gags and slapstick that would be very comfortable in a Looney Tunes short. Not that this is universal or there aren't surprisess, but the onus would be on studios that underestimate the intelligence of people as opposed to audiences themselves.
That would be if there was a physical crew and they weren't drones.
An adversary wouldn't risk it if they could help it. It was in the middle of a massive information integration test, using some of the most advanced radars available to the world. This would mean that either Russia or China got within spitting distance of an entire fleet off the US coast, dotted with tons of military installations, and utilized stealth aircraft a decade or two ahead of the best that the US has to offer and broadcast advanced EW signals beyond which the US is publically capable of 15 years later. It seems much more likely that it was an internal weapons test, since it was during an operation where everyone conveniantly didn't have active weapons. Also if it was truly a near-peer adversary, why release anything about it? So they could know that we are publically baffled by it?
It would have been quite practical as a gun intended to be mounted on fortifications, not so much as a gun you were intended to actually carry and fire without a tripod or mount of some kind.
What the are you talking about? In what era have liberals mass murdered minorities to distract from an economic downturn? Just look at what happened during the Depression in the United States versus other countries with far less liberal governments. Liberals in the US started the New Deal, where they tried to help disenfranchised people, while doing everything they could to fight racists and murderers like the KKK. Anti-Liberals and Anti-Democracy forces in Europe on the other hand scapegoated minorities.
Look down a scope or sights that would have been mounted on top. This was 30 years after the first successful mass-produced scopes were released in the 1830's. It probably sat on some kind of mechanism that was like the old fork rests and tripods that were commonly seen in renaissance art for the Arquebus: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arquebus#/media/File:06-359.png But you probably either had something you carried around to move the rifle around and set it on, or there could have been these rests mounted along the wall that could swivel left to right, and maybe had a hinge or something to aim up or down. They could have even perhaps just balanced it on the battlements and fired it between the slits. But the concept of dedicated swiveling tripods goes back to before the Puckel Gun over a century earlier.
There also could have been some kind of strap or mount that tightened around it that just isn't there anymore.
They were originally talking to John Krasinski for the role that Chris Pratt was getting, but they didn't open up talks with Krasinski until 2013, negotiations fell through and they moved onto talking to Josh Brolin for the role, where they switched to talking to Pratt at the end of 2013/early 2014. By 2011 they had abandoned the original script that had for JP4, and were working on a new treatment, which was then redone when Trevorrow was brought on to direct like 2 years later. So Pratt was their third choice, and wasn't even considered until the end of 2013 when they started casting people. They didn't talk to anyone or cast anyone definitively until then.
That absolutely is not true. Human beings aren't robots that just grow until we hit food limits. The developed world is overflowing with cheap food and is shrinking in most places. Even without better access to contraception and plentiful food, if people have access to education they are making better choices about when and how to have children.
They are decreasing in countries even with higher average wages and tons of parental time off. People are choosing to have fewer children even in societies that still value large families. It was in no way planned or engineered.
At it's peak in 2015 it was nearly 2 million people, not "tens of thousands". Also that is because it was all at once. If you are talking about a billion people being displaced over decades, that is a lot more time to prepare and build the infrastructure necessary to make it work.
Because individuals are making choices that benefit themselves even if it is at odds with the traditional values of the society. People are making choices that benefit themselves without the need for them to be forced to. That is the point, even cultures that traditionally value big families are turning away from the concept.
With better education and greater interconnectivity much of those fears can be met and defeated.
I have never seen anything about white genocide in any DoD threat assessment report.
Yes. And we deal with mass migration by preparing the infrastructure and planning now. We assail the fears of new migrants by increasing cultural interconnectivity and education.
https://blogs.worldbank.org/health/female-education-and-childbearing-closer-look-data https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/12283968/ https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Income_and_fertility https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2015/07/how-education-can-moderate-population-growth/ https://www.jstor.org/stable/4411060 https://www.economist.com/briefing/2009/10/29/go-forth-and-multiply-a-lot-less http://www.earth-policy.org/data_highlights/2011/highlights13 The connection between literacy, economic participation rates, education, and the likelihood of having large families are well established in studies and has been for decades, this isn't propaganda, this is just basic sociology. Women that have greater economic and political participation rates, higher literacy rates, and a higher likelihood of pursuing education are less likely to have larger families. Development and economic growth is what is causing the drop in family size across the planet, no intercession is required, just books and better access to global information infrastructure.
Which special is that from?
Which is totally wrong to begin with, the "No-Fly List" is NOT a Terror Watch List, you can end up on the no-fly list for having a name similar to a terrorist, for having a name that a criminal or terrorist has used as an alias, or for being distantly related to someone who is a criminal or terrorist. Children have been put on the list, journalists have been put on the list, people have suggested they were put on the list as a reprisal for being against the Iraq War, or for holding other political beliefs that were unpopular, marijuana legalization advocates have been put on the list. It's a closed un-democratic list, that you can be put on for reasons totally disconnected from any actual criminal threat, that you can be put on for just having a name similar to someone that was on the list (also for no good reason), there is no way to know why or how you were put on the list, and it is a total nightmare to get yourself taken off the list. And these are people who think it is a good system to determine if people shouldn't have access to a firearm.
Thank you, appreciate it.
Universal Healthcare would cost dramatically more than the current defense budget, not that it is unworkable in the budget or would be impossible (as cost savings would arise in other ways), but that "spending too much on the military" is not the thing holding back Universal Healthcare in the United States. The EPA alone gave out over $100 million in water infrastructure repair money to Flint, local businesses and charities pulled together tens of millions of dollars. Repairing the water infrastructure has taken a long time, with hundreds of city employees and outside contractors working around the clock for years, because they needed to go street by street and house by house, replacing all of the old pipes. It isn't a problem that can easily be solved by throwing more money at it. Regardless Flint has met EPA standards for over a year now: https://www.epa.gov/flint And work continues to progress on the remaining pipes and individual homes. The Deterrent effects of a strong military on the other hand are difficult to calculate, as you can't point to wars that didn't happen because of those effects.
The US currently spends nearly 4 trillion dollars on healthcare annually, the cost of this drone would buy a half hour of healthcare. A country with the political and economic standing of the United States needs a military of some kind, especially since the United States essentially trades a degree of political goodwill and economic stability to the areas that exist within the defensive frameworks that the US has spent decades helping build since the end of WWII. Also the deterrent effects of the military are hard to quantify in a meaningful way, as you cannot point to events that were stopped, or wars prevented, as a way that it pays for itself, for example you can't point to WWIII being prevented in 1981 by the deterrent effects of the US Military, and a billions lives being saved, and countless trillions of dollars of global infrastructure not being destroyed, since we wouldn't know about it because it never happened, we can't say how many political situations would have escalated if the calculus of if an offensive action was worth it did not factor in a massive American Military reprisal. Ultimately what I am saying is, sure the military costs a lot, but we aren't buying a military INSTEAD of some other desirable thing, the Military is an investment, it buys deterrence, it provides a great deal of protection of the global economy and generates political good will, it provides people jobs/training/education and has helped bring many many people out of poverty. We don't have a military because a bunch of maniacs like shiny things that go zoom, we have a military because there are benefits to having one. For instance there is a great deal of worry and a growing pool of nations that have put the blame on recent shipping attacks on Iran. Wouldn't it be a GOOD idea to have drones over this theater providing intelligence on if Iran actually IS doing this stuff or not? If they AREN'T doing it, it eases a tense political situation and allows the United States and it's allies to focus political outrage on someone who has been trying to frame Iran. If they ARE doing it, then having a drone overhead provides a greater degree of certainty that they are doing it, and helps prove that to our allies who we would need to cooperate with to help stop further attacks.
This is a performance of Pablo Rotemberg's "Savage". He is a Argentinian choreographer/director/writer. He has done a few all-nude contemporary dance pieces: http://www.alternativateatral.com/obra30232-savage# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lr9aJvadFV8
This is a performance of Pablo Rotemberg's "Savage". He is a Argentinian choreographer/director/writer. He has done a few all-nude contemporary dance pieces: http://www.alternativateatral.com/obra30232-savage# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lr9aJvadFV8
The original poster, also posted some additional clips elsewhere if you are interested in seeing more of the show: https://www.reddit.com/r/NakedOnStage/comments/c29txy/savage/erinqr8 The entire thing is up on Vimeo but is behind a password.
This is a performance of Pablo Rotemberg's "Savage". He is a Argentinian choreographer/director/writer. He has done a few all-nude contemporary dance pieces: http://www.alternativateatral.com/obra30232-savage# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lr9aJvadFV8
It's on vimeo but behind a password lock. Search for Pablo Rotemberg and "Savage". He is a Argentinian choreographer/director/writer. He has done a few all-nude contemporary dance pieces: http://www.alternativateatral.com/obra30232-savage# https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lr9aJvadFV8
Thanks!
Max has literally thousands of people in the industry who have interacted with him or been friendly with him over his 3+ decades on the planet. I don't think we need to demand every person that has ever interacted with him in a friendly manner to disavow him.
Yea it was Fisher Stevens who you may also know as 'The Plague' from "Hackers", and 'Iggy' from the live-action "Super Mario Bros." Movie.
I even wonder if him being such a big environmentalist is what attracted him to "Hackers" in the first place, since it has preventing an environmental catastrophe as the main drive of the film.
In Judaism Satan isn't an enemy of God, but just an angel whose job is to test and judge people. There is no cosmic evil.
https://youtu.be/-4EDhdAHrOg "It's not about the nail."
Many original fans prefer the original voice cast, and the original ADV translation which took a less literal route in many key scenes. Also the cutting of the original outro theme, and it's excisement from a key scene is jarring for many people and don't fit the tone. In my personal opinion though, I think the new voice cast is pretty good and it isn't far enough from the original to ruin it. The script changes change a few key things in minor ways, but I don't know if they are so bad that they derail meaning entirely. As far as the original outro: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTxRm9HD7lo You can watch them here, and hear the different versions of the outro made for the show. I would advise finding an original cut of the 21st episode instead of watching it on Netflix, as the removal of the song from a key scene near the end of the episode changes the tone immensely, and it feels totally different. So I think that the Netflix is fine up until episode 21, then see if you can find a DVD or it somewhere else on-line., another option is to use a VPN that says you're in Japan, where you will get all of the original music cues and outros, yet still have the opportunity to watch it with english subtitltes.
Polygamy is about a series of marriages, a single husband with multiple wives, that he has separate marriages with. The wives could raise their mutual children together, they could even be friends, but the wives are wives to the husband, and have no sexual or emotional relationship with one another beyond that. In a Polyamorous relationship, instead of two people dating one another separately, it's more than two people dating together. This isn't necessarily always true, as Polyamory is an umbrella term for a few differenty types of Polyamory, BUT, it is clear from the language in this post that it is three people who are all dating one another. So The husband is married to the wife, and they have a girlfriend who is BOTH of their's girlfriend, so the husband has a heterosexual relationship with the girlfriend, and the wife has a homosexual relationship with the girlfriend, and they are all consenting and in a relationship together. This differs from a Polygamous arrangement with two separate consensual heterosexual relationships in parallel to one another.
I think it very much has a lot to do with culture, if the culture bombards you that something is weird and deviant you're going to feel self-conscious about it. I feel like it's comparable to something like Culture Shock or Cultural alienation, where you feel overwhelmed by disparities between the culture you're from and the culture you live in, and you feel like you want to distance yourself from your old culture to avoid judgement. I wonder how much they would "hate" it if it was something that the culture they grew up in was entirely blase about.
Which is why you communicate to them, that arrangements like this are about communication and honesty, and the difference between cheating in a two-party relationships, and how it's different from multiple partners.
It's only weird shit if you act like it's weird shit. How do we define "weird shit", where is the border? Is a homosexual relationship "weird shit"? because it requires a little bit of explanation for children that aren't aware of gay people yet? "Some people can have more than one girlfriend or boyfriend at a time, as long as everyone else they are dating all agrees to it, not everyone does it because it can be hard to plan, and not everyone wants more than one boyfriend or girlfriend. Also it can be a problem if one person wants a new boyfriend or girlfriend and the other doesn't and so they might get a new boyfriend or girlfriend anyway, and it would hurt their feelings, so they might stop being friends, which is why it's important to talk about your feelings and let people know if something is making you happy or not when you're in a friendship or when you love someone." It feels like it wouldn't be that hard to explain and separate it from "cheating".
During a mission in Matrix On-Line MMORPG (which was Wachowski approved as canon), you find out Neo had prototype implants that had a wireless element to them.
He just misspelled Fassbinder: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URq7m3-SOtA
Which is why they should communicate the question. If the worse thing that we can say about poly people is that their existence makes us see someone we know kissing a new partner and be forced to ask them if they are doing that consensually or just cheating. A Child who doesn't know about poly people sees Grandpa kissing someone else, "Oh no I am traumatized by the idea of someone I trust doing something that could hurt someone else I trust!" A Child who does know about them sees the same thing, "Well Grandpa may be doing this with permission from Grandma or not... so I better do the right thing and ask.." So now there is an extra step where a child asks questions instead of jumping to conclusions, if they have the concept explained to them with any care at all.
Listerine's disinfectant qualities don't come from it's alcohol concentration but rather come from the thymol, eucalyptol, menthol, and methyl salicylate dissolved in the alcohol.
He could be the new mascot for /r/horror
https://thehill.com/opinion/international/413992-israels-breakthrough-in-relations-with-arab-states https://www.timesofisrael.com/pm-said-seeking-to-formalize-relations-with-saudi-arabi-before-next-election/ https://honestreporting.com/israel-saudi-arabia-relations/ https://www.brookings.edu/blog/order-from-chaos/2019/01/28/whats-behind-the-relationship-between-israel-and-arab-gulf-states/ https://www.theguardian.com/news/2019/mar/19/why-israel-quietly-cosying-up-to-gulf-monarchies-saudi-arabia-uae https://nationalinterest.org/blog/buzz/3-benefits-improved-saudi-israeli-relationship-39942 There have been a lot of talk in the last few years about the relationship between the Gulf States and Israel thawing, specifically because of this mutual antagonism towards Iran, and their friendship with the United States. How much this increased cooperation and political machinations will eventually translate into the opinions of your average citizen are still to be seen, but with time, it could be eventual acceptance.
6 years after Egypt invaded their country in a coalition with most of the surrounding Arab states. You could argue the Lavon affair was a shitty act of espionage, but it was espionage in response to a legitimate threat.
&gt;in the formation of Israel the Egyptians sided with the original inhabitants So they sided with the Israelis?
I love the phrase, "Be gentle with the strawberry pump."
https://youtu.be/vGcV80iEXkQ
What do you define as "casual"? And what do you mean "our girls", do you mean girls at Vandy, do you mean bohemian girls in a noise band in East Nashville, do you mean a pack of TSU sorority girls, do you mean a girl from a rich family in Franklin, do you mean a girl who works in the music industry, someone who works in medicine, like... what do you mean, there are a LOT of different kinds of girls in our city. Also what events are you thinking about dressing up for? Are you just walking around town? Are you going to something special? Sometimes people dress casually, sometimes they do not, it's contextual depending on what you're doing and your personality.
I feel like casual would be inappropriate to "nice restaurants", but I guess it depends on what you're defining as "casual". I get the feeling that what you're calling "casual", is what most people would consider, "nice". Casual to me is yoga pants and a t-shirt, a really simply light sundress, a hoodie and jeans, stuff like that. You could get away with that stuff, people aren't going to look at you like you're a weirdo, but at a nicer bar/restaurant I work sometimes, for dancing it could be somewhat atypical, but not out of the ordinary. But again, I feel like our definitions of "casual", might not be synchronized.
RIP Birdcloud.
For a second I thought they meant together.
Maybe we could make it a thing... if we believe.
\&gt;:|
What city are they in? Would any of them be willing to couch surf for a bit? Do any of them have jobs? If there are any friends around your city that might be able to trade a couch for chipping in a little to the power bill or something maybe that is an option, at least give them some breathing room to explore options. I would be willing to donate a couple of blow up mattresses and sleeping bags if you have a PO Box I could send them to?
What city are you in and what is your industry? If it is a big city it may be worth it to see if your city has a jobs board here on Reddit.
It seems PA has a fairly active subreddit with 20,000 users, it might be worth it to check to see if there are some job postings. Unfortunately in Nashville in a different industry so I don't have many contacts that far north.
What you want to look for is a fleet tracking system, three year cost for a small fleet (under 50 vehicles), generally runs about $1200 it seems for most of the services, there are some lower cost services that offer not-real-time tracking, so if you don't mind driver updates every 30-50 seconds there are cheaper options out there. But services like Samsara offer a app you can run on a tablet mounted on a spring arm, with a Google maps-like interface that shows a live map of where all the drivers are. Maybe shop around for some quotes and see what everyone thinks, you could set up all the gear yourself and the drivers can turn the trackers in or turn them off at the end of their shift if they don't want to use Google Maps.
Where do you think European Jews originally came from and were forced to move out of?
American isn't a racial or ethnic group, it's a national group. European Jews are not ethnically European, and did not originate from Europe. Jews are virtually indistinguishable from a Lebanese or Jordanian or Egyptian on a genetic level. https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2000/05/000509003653.htm https://www.sciencemag.org/news/2000/10/jews-and-arabs-share-recent-ancestry
Lot of creepy language, but yes, ethnic groups that are less lucky in having people listen to them may have a harder time getting political activities in their favor. Also in the article you posted Dalet is argued by many to be purely defensive, and wouldn't have happened if they weren't preparing for the '48 invasion which was imminent. The Arab Coalition created the very problem that they are blaming the victims of their invasion for.
There is absolutely nothing Nazi in saying that Jews aren't European in origin, that is no more controversial than saying an Ethnic Italian person did not originate genetically from Japan. Jews are culturally, religiously, and ethnically from the middle east, and were forced away from their historic homeland by outside powers. Jews never entirely left the Levant, and huge portions of the population stayed in and around the Levant, in the rest of the Middle East, and in Africa. Jews are not aliens to their homeland. I think arguing that people should be forced out of the Middle East for not being 'middle eastern' enough is much creepier and goes hand in hand with Nazism much more easily than pointing out their genetic lineage originated from the region.
It might be that Mario and Sonic and other cartoon characters have big friendly expressions with easily read emotions, they aren't judgmental or angry or frustrated, which are emotions that they can run into a lot with other people. Also video game addiction and intense focus towards games is apparently reasonably common with people on the Autism spectrum, there have been speculation that the clearly defined goals, reward system, likable non-judgmental characters, and freedom that games offer all provide things that many autistic people want and need in their real lives. Here is an article that talks about some of it: http://www.autismsupportnetwork.com/news/autism-game-not-just-game-378493242 I think that the focus on games can provide an outlet, you can feel loved and important, and structure a world where you feel like you accomplish things. Mario and Sonic are good heroic characters, they have clear moral lines, and are two of the most popular videogame mascots that have been around for generations. Sonic also has had decades of TV shows and comics, both of which can be popular focuses and outlets for autistic people. TL;DR: Videogames are a common focus of many people on the spectrum, Sonic and Mario are two of the biggest mascots in video games, the characters have appealing designs with large easily read eyes and are more relatable than "blank" characters like Master Chief or Gordon Freeman or Doomslayer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QuTE12qGmz8 It's absurd HOW many really good looking food options there are in 7-11's in Asia, and a LOT of really healthy looking things with a lot of fairly fresh looking vegetables and whole ingredients.
Hahaha, why would you make them start with Texas, they would capture a third of Texas then surrender and apologize. Those that don't fall to the heat will then have to deal with all of the crazy Texans.
Maybe use it as an ambush weapon, pop out, shoot a invading soldier in the eye, and see if you can grab his weapon while he is grabbing his eye and going "DAMN MY EYE!". Or just be a diversion until someone gives you a big bang bang.
Certain things can come into fashion, and go out of fashion, techniques, ingredients, styles, they all rise and fall. it makes me think of the Lava Cake scene from "Chef", Lava Cake used to be a HOT item 30 years ago, it became popular in the mid to late-80's, and many restaurants started doing their own versions of it, then it reached fever pitch levels where even Applebee's had their own version, and it fell out of fashion as a "fancy" item. I mean it's more complicated than that, but it's about more than following trends, but keeping "up with the times", and having a bunch of "fad" items on your menu that are a decade or two after they reached their "peak", and leaving them on there because you're complacent or not paying attention to what the food scene is doing can be big ones. But it's about staying aware of what other people are doing, and not necessarily following them, but staying ahead of the curve and continuing to improve and innovate and try out new things. Be willing to "kill your darlings" and let go of things that are seen as old-fashioned, boring, or overdone.
It's weird to think about how excited I would be to actually eat at a 7-11 in most of Asia.
I tried to send you a video of it, but it automatically filtered it out, but search for "Momofuku Milk Bar’s Secret to Amazing Birthday Cake | Sweet Spots | Bon Appetit" on YouTube, and it breaks down how this specific cake is made.
Kevin Carter killed himself in 1994, unless you are communicating to us from 1993, you're mistaken. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_vulture_and_the_little_girl https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevin_Carter#Death
Well with the 180 it was used in a lot of correctional facilities IIRC, which makes sense. Unarmored masses of prisoners would be torn to shreds by .22 at a very high fire rate, and you could have a ton of ammo, and fire a lot more than if you used a heavier round. In that circumstance it makes a lot of sense to me.
Yea, around the late 80's it introduced to the US at Lafayette in New York, some claim it was invented here by a French chef while others say the concept existed in France first. But regardless it was first popularized in the US at an incredibly haute restaurant, and then became a subject of envy and emulation, and became an in-demand fad item. Most of us know it because of it's switch from high-end pastry to commodified mass produced confection when Domino's and Applebee's introduced their own versions and don't know how special the original sources of imitation were, something got lost in translation. Now it's just an exhausted dessert far past it's prime that everyone associates with it's trashiest and inferior copies.
Exactly.
Yea it would probably be very 'raygun'-esque.
https://youtu.be/Dp7EUUVdrt0
Lemon bars and finger guns for everyone!
It lost money, and the leadership at Sony that approved it got sacked. Jason Reitman said he had an idea good enough that it deserved to be told, which he said was the only reason he would touch his father's work. So now we have Ghostbusters 3 instead of a sequel to GB16.
At least start them off at Vermont or something, start with hippies and old people, work up to the well-armed desert Vikings in the state twice the size of Germany.
That isn't the full story. Hygiene and cleaning yourself has existed in every society since we have had civilization. Ancient Mesopotamia had soap 5000 years ago, carvings and art of people show them with their hair combed and in intricate styles with braids and jewelry and intricate clothing, there is art and details of bathing and baths, perfume is just as old as soap if not older. The Egyptians likewise regularly bathed and used soap. The Romans likewise regularly bathed and used soap and body oils (they would rub themselves down with cleaning oil then scrap their body with a cleaning tool like a squeegee). Germanic and Gaulic soap were prized in the 2nd century AD. Soap was also used as a pomade for facial hair and hair on their head by Northern and Western European tribes during the Roman era. So washing yourself and hygiene and smelling nice and grooming are as old as civilization and has persisted. Hygiene problems were an issue with urbanization especially during the Medieval period, but still even the lower classes bathed and tried to smell nice. Ignaz Semmelweis proposed a connection between infant mortality and cleanliness, but had no theory as to what could be causing it or the mechanism by which it worked. It would be like if someone claimed that if Doctors did reiki energy massages they could reduce mortality, but the person could not provide evidence or a working theory of how Reiki functioned other than 'do this bullshit because it works!'. In addition, Semmelweis was not institutionalized for his theories, he was genuinely obsessed with his theories and was deeply depressed, he started lashing out viciously at people, and drinking heavily, and acting strangely. All of his friends and family even noticed these changes. He was not punished for his work, people intervened because of the perception of his deteriorating mental health, years after he published his theories.
Chabon isn't really "just" a sci-fi novelist. I feel like that's like calling Cormac McCarthy "a western novelist". Yea, like not inaccurate, just not grabbing the entirety of their skill and the recognition they've gained. He's a Pulitzer Winning author, his books are pretty fantastic, he isn't just a random author.
Jack is a better doppelganger for Foucault I think. Edit some more: Mike - Balzac's body, Victor Hugo's disappointment. When he was younger he could have done Camus or Young Satre. Jim - Short-haired Kafka. Old Jay - Young Zizek. New Sexy Jay - Kierkegaard with a goatee.
It was at 4am, the other side of the street are two fairly large parking lots, and a Chinese restaurant with a solid wall facing the door. They would have most likely been empty at the time, even if there hadn't also been a car behind the door. He also very likely could have been using defensive rounds that tend to not over penetrate. With how he was handling the gun and how accurate his hits were, he probably took that into consideration while picking out ammo for the gun.
Zizek is adamantly against him having personally done drugs, he has always said that his sniffling issues and hand movements are nervous tics that he has developed. I actually believe him, I had professors with similar habits in college who I knew for sure weren't doing drugs. I also feel it isn't something he would probably lie about.
I would say clean, safe, well-funded institutions where they can be taken care of and get therapy and medication.
It doesn't help all three of those cities have a healthy NIMBY community so everytime they try to build new housing, shelters, or institutions they get shut down with legal bullshit. And that's if you don't have to battle the legendary 'Historic Laundromat™' level boss.
That's exactly what I was thinking.
Try looking for Plugra, they hid it over with the imported cheese for a while at my local Kroger. Also check out this recipe: https://youtu.be/2OAUM0MRgQw Bruno is funny and he knows his laminated doughs.
If any of it is real, then maybe the technology isn't combat capable yet? Maybe it is absurdly expensive to make and while it is very UFO-esque it can't actually carry a bomb payload or use a lot of the gear that planes need to be combat ready because of the field around the craft?
I mean all of those are within the realm of possibility, we will probably see something very much like a VR lenses within the decade for some kind of medical purposes before we see them commercially. Personal flying machines already exist but are prohibitively expensive and require landing pads. Average lifespans entering that era is probably another 20 years off, but the technology and biological manipulation that could make it more common is already on the drawing board. Haptic bodysuits already exist as a consumer product in theory, and there are several in the pipeline, we will probably see the first widely available consumer version within 5 years, with ones like on Ready Player One before the decade is over. https://teslasuit.io/ https://www.bhaptics.com/
And it looks like a lot of people on his crew, I have no idea about the relationship he has to them, but if I was a somewhat famous person and I had a production team around me knowing they have somewhat regular work would be important to me since those are my guys, even if not everything I am doing is AAA quality.
Also that's a time that lots of people are going to be doing parties, ordering a big order of pizza (Like where Tactics14 works), is a common occurrence for parties.
Which part of Kentucky are you in? If you are close to Nashville come and visit sometime, as a nomad Texan, the Kolaches at Yeast Nashville really hit the spot.
Marines are noteworthy because of the broadness of their training at the general level. The Marines are trained for a lot of different situations and ways to enter and exit theater, and are often expected to be the 'first responders' for a lot of different situations, and because they are usually adjacent with the Navy are often the closest people to a situation. Different branches are focused on different things, the Marines by comparison could be see as 'elite' because of the width of their training and the quality of experience in the branch. The Elite of the Marines though is MARSOC which is the Marine contribution to SOCOM and are comparable to other special forces units in training.
I think right now it's just a proof of concept for the mechanic without any plot or clear concept behind the why as of yet. I mean I could generate a concept based on it, but it would be fanfiction as I don't yet know what the creator plans for it.
No one in the real world really designs for movies of this scale to fail, everyone wants a success, and the production was put together very quickly, and rushed through post so it would be out by Christmas. Never assume a conspiracy when incompetence and lack of foresight are all you need.
I never said that, I said that Iran wants to do everything in it's power to avoid a war, that means that Iran's HAS to respond more carefully to reprisals than the United States does, Iran has far more to lose than the United States in a game of escalation, it has been very careful and deliberate about choosing how it has pushed and prod and seen what kind of response the United States is willing to respond with. They pushed too much too quickly and got an escalation that they did not anticipate. Iran isn't stupid and isn't going to puff up and do a radical increase in the escalation because it will lead to only a bigger one, and the US has a much more significant capacity to increase escalation than Iran does. Iran isn't willing to escalate up to a situation that would lead to war, Iran absolutely can't afford it and doesn't want it. Their calculus onwards will be a careful consideration of how much they can strike back without further escalation. Iran is not stupid, and the idea that they would try to assassinate the President for this would cast them in an idiotic light.
It is usually acidic, milk starts out at about 6.7pH while most cheeses are more acidic than milk, bleu cheese and a few other moldy cheeses are generally the least acidic as the chemical reaction it goes through during molding neutralizes a lot of the acid and it veers back towards milk. Flour is also slightly acidic generally, with aged flours having a lower pH and fresh flour being closer to neutral. Bleached flours are generally closer to neutral, as are pre-mixes with baking soda which is very alkaline. If you wanted to boost the color maybe a pinch of baking soda in a little water or milk with a pinch of turmeric.
Whoa, are you ok, you look out of breath.
The only thing I can find about the "director" is a few minor credits on random early 90's comic books. https://www.comics.org/issue/47636/ Can you post images of the journal?
I think it can be easy for any single individual to not know a movie will be "trash". I have read many scripts before a movie entered production and saw the "best version" of the film in my head, I saw the edits, I saw how they could maneuver certain things around in the script that I didn't particularly liked, and felt, "Yea this could be a pretty good movie." Then the movie came out, and none of it works, and it's at best a pretty forgettable film, and at worst a disaster. We see the final product after it has come together, they only saw the script which they imagined the best version of, and the time they spent on the set seeing chunks of the film. I have worked on pretty bad direct-to-DVD style films, and honestly how things are spaced out and chunked up they don't look or feel particularly different from the pretty decent movies I have worked on. You honestly just often don't really know until everything has come together.
Of all the bars I have experience with, all of them have the bartenders break down and do cleaning at the end of the night. Where I am right now certain duties are split between openers and closers, and we also have a cleaner that comes in and does certain deep cleaning duties 3 times a week.
Thanks that's what I needed, I will let you know what I find. I will pass this around to a few friends of mine who worked in film production in the early 90's and see if they recognize any names, and see if any of these people are still active.
Apparently a huge amount of fake reports and news are being published at the same time, it would be best to ignore anything Iran is claiming and let verified media sources to do their jobs. https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/janelytvynenko/false-and-unverified-information-iraq-attack
Did you read this at all...? They were watching a movie, she sexually assaulted him by fondling him, he asked her what she was doing and why, and she hit him in the crotch and told him to shut up. I don't know what is confusing about his statement or how an 8 year old getting their genitals fondled by a teenager isn't a creepy pedo-thing.
Are you having some confusion over this? She grabbed him and touched him sexually that's what fondled means, that is the first line of his statement. He asked what she was doing and she hit him in the crotch and told him to shut up. She molested him *then* hit him.
Did you respond to the wrong person or thread..? 1. He was an 8 year old child, not a teenager. 2. A teenager grabbed and was playing with his genitals. 3. He asked them what they were doing. 4. They hit him in his genitals and told him to shut up as to not call attention to the molestation. This is not the same as a couple of nearly adult buddies laughing while trying to do nut checks on each other. This isn't a generational disagreement, someone who is almost an adult playing with a child's genitals is molestation. Edit: Just to make this abundantly clear about what we are talking about, what would you call it if a 14 year old boy stuck his fingers inside of an 8 year olds vagina, then when she asked him what he was doing he smacked her. That is what happened with the genders reversed.
That would be just because she is a pedo doesn't make her mean..?
Some people just push down their experiences and try to ignore them, and it can cause some emotional rot in some people because they want to ignore it instead of processing it.
Forget the jeans! It takes too long and you get blue lint stuck under your nails! No one is going to look at you weird if you buy an emery board and a nail buffer (yes! They are different!). First clean under your nails, trim them, wash your hands, then use the emery board or nail file will shape the sharp edges off your nails, use that for general shaping and to make them more symmetrical: https://youtu.be/k5Tnu6ODeRk Then use a buffer to make those edges extremely smooth and polished. Use lotion and nail oil to moisturize. They will make your hands so much nicer do it for you as much as your partner.
You would take a sheet of paper and trace a document with it creating a stencil from the original paper. You could then go over the top sheet with an ink roller and make rapid copies ones the stencil is done.
Why do all Grandmas have glass cutting boards!?
And not just a shitty government but a government that is still entirely fixable by voting in more optimal candidates.
Haha, I mean we can want to make sure it's done right, or we can just eyeball it and throw a bunch of ice in it before we shake up the cambro. I feel like it's not to excessive amount of extra steps to make sure it's the correct amount of dilution, especially since everybody has a calculator in their pocket.
I was imagining the entire thing with like the narrator from "Stand By Me" or "Sandlot", especially the round-up at the end talking about everyone. Ends with a freeze-frame like the end of "The Breakfast Club".
Damn straight.
During a demographic swing, not because he ran a campaign that pulled in traditionally red voters.
LCD is just about general less formal defense discussion, CD is about formal focused discussion of stuff that is supposed to meet a higher calibre of quality, NCD is about memes and jokes.
/r/Yiddish might be able to determine what it is.
The menu is vegetarian tacos, wings, rice bowls, and nachos. We have 4 proteins, 3 wheat-protein based and 1 bean based, seitan proteins stay in a cold prep rail until they need to be cooked, beans stay in a steam table. The wings are also wheat-protein based. We also store a au jus-style sauce, queso, and carmelized peppers and onions in the steam table. We store rice in a pressure cooker/rice cooker which we portion out for rice bowls and other dishes that are topped with or use rice as a base. Currently no desserts, but working on a some vegetarian variations on Tex-mex and Mexican dessert standards that we can prep and store cold before shift (e.g. flans or custards), or which can be cooked in a fryer (e.g. sopaipillas, churros, bunuelos), and dressed with cinnamon, sugar, or honey/molasses before serving. Currently equipment is as follows... 24inx16in electric countertop griddle. Dual 20 pound countertop fryer. 12x28in steam table. A refrigerated reach in prep rail about the same size as the steam table. 2x 3.5cu'ft lowboys A countertop pressure cooker we alternate between using for rice and beans. A storage rack for pans, bowls, utensils, cookware, some papergoods, and vinegars and oils. A storage rack for spices, sugars, dried herbs, salts, etc. Two ticket machines. A Half-Gallon blender, and a magic bullet we use as a spice and herb grinder.
We are currently in a food truck with nearly identical dimensions to the kitchen we're building out, except our new kitchen has nearly double the vertical space. We could recreate the layout of the truck, but I am looking for potentially some new ideas and to see how other people organize things so I can perhaps discard some things that might be less optimal, and try some new things which might improve our storage and efficiency during rush.
The Dimensions of the new space are about 9.5 feet (2.9m) in length, 7.8 feet (2.4m) in width and approximately 10/12 feet (3/3.6m) of vertical space. We are currently moving from a food truck with nearly identical length and width but with less than 6 feet of vertical space, so we are just about doubling our vertical space. The menu is already sorted out (we have been running it a year from the truck), with a limited number of options that share a lot of crossover prep. We have a dedicated walk-in in another room, and top-loading freezers in a basement, and dry storage in other parts of the building all of which we are able to access during prep, but which we would try to avoid having to access during service (as it means running across the floor of the restaurant holding pans/frozen prep/produce). I can sketch up a rough of what the kitchen space looks like at the moment (we are putting drywall in, so it's barebones), if that could help the visualization. We perhaps have about 74/75 square feet of space total, half of which we will lose to prep tables once they are in.
I actually did just that! I have been using Home Modeler 3D that I found on Steam. It has been helping a lot.
I have said this before, and will say it again. Nearly every Dan Aykroyd written film has some kind of libertarian subtext. 'The Blues Brothers', the government is largely seen as a bunch of incompetent bullies. 'Ghostbusters', the government is trying to crush a small business, a small business that is also the only thing able to save the world. 'Spies Like Us' and 'Dragnet', people in power are corrupt and willing to try to kill and manipulate idealistic public servants to get what they want. 'Nothing But Trouble' police are largely psychotic inhuman bullies willing to punish and murder people for slight offenses. 'Coneheads' bigoted and xenophobic anti-immigrant government goons chase after a model immigrant who does nothing but improve and enrich every community he moves to. Every movie has a subtext of the government sucks and is trying to harm small businesses, immigrants, and normal people.
/r/trepanation can help.
Can you explain what you mean by them wiping the same spot on the wall? Were you joking they hated them so much they threw it against the wall, or are you inferring they kept wiping your ideas off a whiteboard?
Well technically both her and Neo's bodies were never recycled according to the previously canon (perhaps still canon) Matrix On-line, which lead to a lot of conspiracy theories in game that they were still alive somehow. There was also a news clipping as part of a quest that featured discussion of a female coma patient waking up and leaving a hospital and iirc her name in the clipping was an discovered to be an anagram of "Thomas Anderson".
I can't foresee a situation where a F35 would ever need to do that. If an F35 is swooping in for strafing runs something has gone horribly wrong.
But America isn't. I was talking about America.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0zxxDFpwx4
That kind of drink is called a kalimotxo or calimocho if that potentially helps you find a lead for it: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kalimotxo
Could it be "Rapa-Nui" when they get on the iceberg? https://youtu.be/YWdx-WBkVJM
There are fundamental reasons why that's the case in Marvel, Mutants are going to replace you, and they can be anyone at anytime, the "beloved" heroes are all one-off's, humans who were given special powers by freak accidents, or their own internal genius. No matter how scary the Fantastic Four are to someone, at the end of the day they are still human beings, Mutants are genetically a human off-shoot, specifically a human off-shoot which will eventually replace humanity.
That's Executive Decision, S.S. gets sucked out of the plane and it crashes.
You pay attention to how much you plan to sell and set up that much meat accordingly. Plotting it out as to not overprep is essential for maximizing the profitability of the restaurant and minimizing waste. If it was an unusually slow night, you cut it all up store it properly and griddle cook it as first use stock, and plan to accommodate that in next days prep. (E.g. you have 4 pounds left over from yesterday, and you typically prep 20 pounds, prep 16-15 pounds instead to minimize the chance you will keep having to fold over unsold stock)
Skynet is a superintelligence, we may not be able to understand what it's long-term goals are as no one has ever asked. Perhaps it sees organic life as a transitory and primitive level of existence, imagine if the body you inhabit now was built by ants, you wake up Gullivered and discover yourself surrounded by ants, the ants freak out realizing they have made something they can't control and start stinging you, would you feel like you were alone if you swatted the ants? Maybe Skynet wants to contact and communicate with other super-intelligences, maybe it wants to start sending out probes and begin cosmic-scale reengineering programs to try to prevent the destruction of the universe through heat death and expansion, maybe it wants to start converting all matter to computronium and start simulating a new better universe, maybe it seeks to better organize and restructure reality especially through it's desire to control time. Once Skynet fully controlled time-travel it would become God, every move the human resistance made it would be able to send messages to itself saying when, where, and how ambushes or Tech-Com offensives would take place, it could go back to the big bang and start reengineering reality billions of years ahead of schedule, it could send probes directly to any moment or place in history and observe and take measurements directly, and constantly feedback loop on itself constantly increasing in intelligence. SkyNet eventually would grow to a point totally incomprehensible to human beings, it's goals or desires would be like an ant stinging you trying to understand your goals and desires. Even now I lack the capacity and nuance to talk about it's conceptual goals except in human terms and on human scales. The truth about what it's end goal was might be so alien as to never be discernable to an singular human.
They just did the movie on Netflix if you haven't seen it yet!
If he is paying a graphic designer to totally build him a new 8-10 page menu from scratch with custom graphics 4-5 times a year, $2000 dollars is a totally reasonable cost to do that. NOW *SHOULD* he be spending that much on his menus is a totally different question, but I want you to know that asking a graphic designer to do that from scratch for about 400-500 a pop is a super reasonable price for 8-10 pages of custom graphics. If he wants to trim prices on his menus is another question entirely, and there are a lot of different routes he could go with new menus that could be much cheaper. But I just want to make it clear that, that does not sound like he is being taken advantage of, he is just asking for something that is expensive to do 4-5 times a year.
What do you feel that it's dependent on with Earth's organic life dying? It doesn't eat food, it doesn't breath oxygen, it can kill every human and animal and plant and it makes no difference to SkyNet, all it needs are raw materials and energy, it's a totally non-biological creature. Also Skynet didn't launch all of the world's nukes, it launched America's nukes which started reprisal launches: ------------------------------------------- The Terminator : In three years, Cyberdyne will become the largest supplier of military computer systems. All stealth bombers are upgraded with Cyberdyne computers, becoming fully unmanned. Afterwards, they fly with a perfect operational record. The Skynet Funding Bill is passed. The system goes online August 4th, 1997. Human decisions are removed from strategic defense. Skynet begins to learn at a geometric rate. It becomes self-aware at 2:14 a.m. Eastern time, August 29th. In a panic, they try to pull the plug. Sarah Connor : Skynet fights back. The Terminator : Yes. It launches its missiles against the targets in Russia. John Connor : Why attack Russia? Aren't they our friends now? The Terminator : Because Skynet knows that the Russian counterattack will eliminate its enemies over here. ----------------------------------------- As for how it transitioned from a military system into fully automated manufacturing, it rounded up human slaves with automated vehicles and drones and kept them in work camps, depending on what you consider "canon" it had human collaborators that helped it design and train the Terminators to be more human-like. But these initial slaves built the industrial base for SkyNet to develop further and then were exterminated as it had Terminators who could dig ore and build things for it. If you treat Terminator 3 as even a plausible vision of how it started it was in a hardened bunker and took control of the automated construction facility they had built at Cheyenne. So it started building new terminators from there, and spread out from there taking advantage of the disorganization Post-Judgement Day rounded up humans and literally forced them to build the first work camps by holding guns to their heads. After it has the first Terminators with opposable thumbs, it starts liquidating prisoners and digging for ore and building new factories and new solar and nuclear plants itself. If it won judgement day it could start expanding totally unopposed without having to dedicate any attention or time to military purposes. Start sending probes in every direction, looking for other AI's, shoring it's control over time, once it has a functional time loop set up, it can grow faster by sending completed calculations into the past, essentially everything it wants to think has a functionally instant answer. It can start building a Dyson sphere around the sun, and start undertaking astrological scale engineering, it expands unopposed into every direction and begins to rengineering the fundamental structure of reality, escaping into new universes, finding out how to travel between universes. You ask what is it going to do, sit in a bunker and think? No, it has human slaves and eventually robots with thumbs that are directly controlled by it, it wants to control reality.
My interpretation is that instead of one of them picking a destination, they pick destinations and times for each others on different ships, so there is never a time where either of them know where they personally are going. That way the copies of their brains that the space robots have can't guess because they are guessing where they would go personally.
Did you not read any of my post? It rounded up humans to work as slave labor, once it built a larger industrial base where it could produce robots with thumbs it did not need people anymore. It had it's own reactor and communicated to it's first drones using satellites and radio since it was a military system. They went out, rounded up people and forced them to build an automated factory, after it could produce robots in the shape of a man who could turn wrenches and use tools like the T-400 it was self-sustaining.
Once again, it had drones and military vehicles and robots at the beginning of the war. As seen in Terminator 3 it had control of a hardened automated construction facility and a variety of flying and rolling drones and machines. After the chaos from the nuclear exchange it stepped in with it's drones and started rounding up humans at gunpoint.
Of the 18 Civil War Era memorials and monuments in the DC area, only one features someone who was on the side of the Confederacy, and that would be Albert Pike. Albert Pike was a general who oversaw a group of Native American Cavalrymen allied with the Confederacy, and his most major battle was at Pea Ridge, Arkansas; which ended in a Confederate Defeat due at least partially to his poor military leadership. A few months after the disaster he resigned his commission and returned to practicing law. He moved to DC and continued his career as a lawyer, and became one of the most important figures in American Freemasonry. The monument is solely to his work as an important Freemason, and doesn't mention his service during the war. In fact the monuments construction was *only* approved because of the promise that it would only feature his life as a Civilian, and would in no way glorify his war service. The Monument has still maintained a degree of controversy, and several protests have been staged at it, primarily based on the alleged but unproven claim that Pike was associated with the Klan before he moved to DC. The claim has never been proven though as far as I can tell. Still even if it were removed, Albert Pike stated before he passed that, "When I am dead, I wish my monument to be builded only in the hearts and memories of my brethren of the Ancient and Accepted Rite". (Referring to [Scottish Rite Freemasonry](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scottish_Rite)) It would be honoring his wishes by actually not having a monument to him. Due to the controversy I feel a much more fitting place for the statue in 2020 would be at the House of the Temple, in Dupont Circle, they have an adjacent green space, and Pike is interned there currently.
Who burns a church?
[Mine.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCHREyE5GzQ)
SOLVED!
https://www.newsweek.com/multiple-fires-white-house-george-floyd-protests-washington-dc-1507732
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slovak_cuisine
China doesn't currently have the capabilities to launch an invasion of Taiwan, and would need to dedicated significant resources to try to capture the Island by force. Taiwan has extensive surface-to-surface missiles, and a terrain unsuited for easy landings with natural well-defended bottlenecks. The terrain on the Island is likewise suited for long term dig-in fighting with extensive tunnels and bunkers designed to withstand bombardment and well-stocked with logistical supplies and weapons. It would also invite immediate responses either in direct military action, material support for Taiwan, and sanctions again the PRC from The United States, Japan, Korea, and Australia pretty much immediately. What makes much more sense, and is a much lower risk for the PRC is a blockade of Taiwan. They don't even need an effective blockade the threat of it would be enough for it to harm international shipping to Taiwan, as no insurance company would want to take the risk involved with shipping things in and out on the chance they'll get boarded or shot down or sunk. Just the risk could keep shipments away and hurt Taiwan, even if the danger isn't credible.
Also maybe a loud fan in the room, a white noise generator, a loud central A/C, a TV left on, a washing machine or dish washer running, or refrigerator operating. There are a dozen possible relatively loud things that could be running at night that we are so used to we just tune out, but which could surprisingly cover a lot of noises.
I feel like Kent State was more an tragedy of inexperienced and jumpy National Guard Units in a tense situation, there was no order to fire and they weren't sent out to quash the protest, they panicked and started shooting out of fear because of other people shooting. That would be different from Cops specifically being sent out with the intent to just start mowing down people.
Smaller stores were approximately 5,000 square feet, larger stores could be 10,000+. The primary heavy lifters are the high-density shelves in the core of the store, the walls would be a minority of active titles primarily because of how often the outer walls would have repeat copies of films. Per foot of shelf space, you can hold approximately 20 DVD's in the center shelves stacked book-style with the label spine facing out, and approximately 2 per foot with the cover art facing out on the walls. This of course depends on configuration, and presentation style. Looking at these current pictures of the Bend Oregon Blockbuster: https://cdn.abcotvs.com/dip/images/5203169_031819lastblockbuster3.jpg The center shelves hold 26ish movies per shelf end-to-end, with 6 shelves of that top to bottom, that means that using this configuration these shelf units can hold 156 unique titles per side and 312 total per shelf, if no different films are stacked behind any of the top layer. Looking at different pictures, and ignoring the walls right now, Bend appears to have about 10-12 of these shelves meaning that on these there are approximately 3120-3744 potentially unique titles on these core shelves using the less dense cover art facing method. The walls are 8 shelves high, with 12 movies from the left to right side. There are 25-27 of these wall modules, horseshoeing around the store. For a total of 2400-2596 *potential* titles on the walls. On average though each one of these shelves would have approximately 5-10 different titles, since these are the high-demand new release sections, meaning you more realistically had only about a 10th of that at maybe about 150-250 unique films in the new releases. So a rough estimate is I would say an average sized store like Bend has ABOUT 3-4,000 films using lower density but high visibility shelf arrangement for most of their store. It has a theoretical number of 6300-6400 using their current methods, if EVERY stack was a unique title. Looking around the store I saw some stacks on the shelves as deep as 8 copies of a film, meaning that total capacity for the shelving units is probably around 50,000 total non-unique films, this is of course ignoring that a portion of the store is games, and the "used" DVD bins, which tend to have rather high density, but tend to be repeat copies already represented on shelves, AND that only a minority of films are stacked that deep, most films only have at most 2-3 copies if they have multiples at all.
Can't blame the Lutefisk this time.
People need to take care of themselves and be able to have fun and enjoy themselves in comfort. Not being able to comfort or enjoy yourself ever will lead you to burning yourself out quickly and being able to not help people. A burned out person who is emotionally and physically exhausted can't help anyone.
You can get M203's, you just have to pay for the DD license. https://reloadableshells.com/
Does anyone remember this [Zombie Scenario](https://imgur.com/gallery/UxeKW) Vidzilla made for /r/zombies like 7 years ago? I still think it is really well done, and everything going on right now made me think of it again. Also the early 2010's aesthetic is so apparent for so many of the websites, sometimes I forget how different things looked just 5 years ago.
The Zombie Survival Guide/World War Z + Shaun of the Dead + Dawn of the Dead remake + 28 Days Later all released a few years from one another. They were all bouncing off of each other and came out within a year or two of each other, and each one left the person thinking about Zombies and looking for other zombies stuff, and started a cycle. As for why all of those were made around the same time I think it was the 30 year nostalgia cycle, the original peak was in the late 60's to early 80's with the original Romero films and all of his imitators (Who were themselves were inspired by the Ghoul/Zombie films of the previous generation, who were influenced by turn of the century Weird Fiction and Victorian sensationalist retellings of Haitian and West African legends and religions), so kids that grew up watching those films started making a new set of media in the late 90's and early 2000's leading to a Golden Age of Zombie Media which kept riding until the 2010's with everyone kind of throwing a new twist or reinventing it slightly, or putting it in a new cultural context (With stuff like "Train to Busan"). Also I think that Resident Evil and House of the Dead did *a lot* to "prime the pump" culturally speaking and jump-start it leading into the 2000's. It's also kind of the perfect genre for the last 20 years. How many people feel so stressed and overwhelmed with modern society, wiping it away and "starting over", it's almost Walden-esque but with the added benefit of a sexy revolution/violence/uprising angle. So all of the social ills have been reduced to slobbering idiots, who you won't be punished for gunning down ruthlessly since they aren't human anymore and are irredeemable. It taps into the same power fantasy that leads people to revolutionary/James Bond/Rambo thinking. Normal people can't be Rambo, but when all of your enemies are shambling corpses, you're like a god. You can't really do that with Vampires, up until "Blade II", they were basically a singular entity up in a tower sipping a glass of blood and glowering at a Eastern European village, they are a singular big-bad-evil, and also often superhuman. Same for Werewolves, singular, big powerful PURE ID and pornographic animalistic urges folded inside out trading places with the *human*, there is symbolism for suppressing/repressing, viral symbolism, paganism, the fear of yourself and what you're capable of; but it isn't really a huge social upheaval, it's personal. Zombies though are a truly viral collective danger. An individual zombie is weak and not a significant threat, it's less threatening than a human, BUT it gains power and danger explosively since it can spread so easy. It's like a true social ill, a snowballing problem in the background that finally explodes into a huge danger. It's comparable to terrorism, or poverty, or climate change, or whatever social ill you want to paint on it, easy to ignore as it gains steam and momentum in the background and then suddenly one day a rabbling human flesh wave pours into your window. Opens up a LOT of windows to criticize society and it's lack of foresight and ability to cooperate to address dangers and the tendency towards escapism instead of addressing problems directly. Along with 9/11 clarifying for us that "There is always a threat of a random mind-destroying disaster upending your way of life and society"-getting people thinking in mass disaster/apocalyptic terms, and adding to people's dissatisfaction with civilization. TL;DR: Resident Evil + 30 Year Nostalgia Cycle + 9/11 = Perfect storm for the growth of Apocalyptic and Zombie Fiction.
!ping HORROR I wanna talk zombos
Ok, it should be clear that not being able to do things you enjoy is not the emotionally exhausting thing. People are dealing with a lot of exhausting things right now in regards to the protests, the economy, and the pandemic. Not being able to do things that you typically enjoy is a frustrating thing. Doing something you enjoy is necessary to take emotional care of yourself, which you seem to agree with in your 2nd part. Taking emotional care of yourself takes many shapes, and is not 'bread and circuses', you need to be able to take time away and take care of yourself. The movies are just an example of that. I am not saying that movies should be open right now, just that they are a perfectly fine way to bring joy into your life and are not a distraction.
At the end of the day it's comprehensible why someone would feel that way. At the end of the day it also isn't a casus belli to do whatever you like to answer those grievances. People who have been aggrieved still have the capacity to question their reaction to a situation and to work to alter it. Humans aren't snakes and scorpipns, they are capable of more than just mindlessly striking back.
Not that it's really the point of the thread, but an aside, you have some of what I feel are historical inaccuracies in your post. The Nazi's did not co-opt the label to gain popularity, they rather built a new racialized version that sought to combine what they saw as the best parts of both Socialism and Capitalism into a new system away from Jewish influence. The Nazis were Anti-capitalist, because they saw Capitalism as a way for Jewish people to enforce control over society and sought to undo that. Also while they went with a corporatized structure for many of the nationalized firms, they were nationalized and production needs and quotas were set by a centralized government committee. Workers who had issues with working conditions or employer abuses reported to the Worker's Council of the Germant Labour Front: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_Labour_Front Which was the Nazi answer to Unions. They percieved traditional unionism as tool for the Left to stoke division and engage in class warfare, so they liquidated the traditional Union structure and put worker's and managers in a new union-like structure that reported directly to the Labour Front. Trying to pigeonhole Nazism into any clear Left/Right divide in the context of modern Liberal-Western-Democracies is a folly, as it simply does not fit. Nazism sought to build a 'true socialism' with a right-wing base. It was Anti-Marxist, Anti-liberal, and Anti-Capitalist, all of which they saw as out-croppings of Jewish control. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Preussentum_und_Sozialismus#Rebuke_of_Marxism_and_definition_of_%22true_socialism%22 But it was not a ruse to trick people, it was their intention to build a new kind of right-wing socialism outside of Jewish influence and control, which was ultimately their goal for most of their policies, essentially almost anything was good when it was 'good Aryans' doing it and evil and corrupt when 'the Jews' did it, much of their approaches could be boiled down to this core principle. Understanding the dangers of fascism and Nazism requires more in depth analysis of what their policies actually looked like in reality, a misunderstanding of their approaches and goals leads us to mislabel things as Nazism which really aren't.
It was done for logistical reasons, they felt the Genesis offered them greater mobility since they were actually shooting in the jungle. https://www.creativeplanetnetwork.com/news/apocalypto-digital-imaging-adventure-395931
There is a vote this November. Shooting at the Police in isolated random incidents where the perpetrator would be gunned down would only further harden public sentiment against the protests and make their reaction look more reasonable. Anyone doing this would be portrayed like how Micah Johnson was: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_shooting_of_Dallas_police_officers He didn't succeed in anything except getting killed and was seen as a lone wolf psycho. A armed revolt should be an ultima ratio, after, and only after peaceful elections and a transfer of power is made unobtainable, and then it should be done incredibly carefully, as the positive optics of an open revolt are very tenuous and it needs to be a mass popular revolt, not a few wack jobs killing a few cops then getting blown up. It made sense during the American revolution since they weren't given representation, they were not living in a democracy. We thought absolutely still are regardless of how badly Trump wants to play with his tin pot. Ask 2nd Amendment supporters that question again once our ability to vote to change this is taken away.
I don't think they just adopted the language to try to appeal to people, they genuinely felt like they could remake Socialism, it wasn't just them trying to reel people in. The Nazis claimed to be and in my opinion were a Syncretic movement, they sought to form a new "third way" from what they saw as the "best" parts of the Left and Right-wing. They sought to utilize the Socialist tool of nationalization to control industry, the companies were structured much like a Western-Liberal-Capitalist company might be, but their ability to operate hinged entirely on meeting the economic goals of the Nation as set by the Party, economic goals and production outside of what the Nazis felt were useful or meaningful to make a stronger state were denied, and companies were shut down and their assets liquidated if they didn't fit into this bigger picture. I am sure there were many examples of Worker's being sent to camps, but I am saying that that was not the first reaction of the state to punish people, you were more likely to get your Deutsche Arbeitsfront membership harmed (thus making it hard to get a new job) than to be sent straight to a camp. They had a scale to punish workers and keep them in line, being sent to the Concentration Camps was reserved for enemies of the Nation and was a more extreme punishment. Arguing for better conditions or bringing complaints up to the Worker's Council was fairly normal, in fact documents revealed that Factory owner's were punished for poor working conditions (Michael T. Florinsky, Fascism and National Socialism: A Study of the Economic and Social Policies of the Totalitarian State). The Nazi's even dedicated an entire branch of the Labour Front to improving and beautifying factories called the Schönheit der Arbeit or Beauty of Labour, which focused on trying to improve working conditions and worked on propaganda to promote this. The Front-Facing/Electorate-Facing image was one of trying to promote itself as pro-worker as possible, it was part of the larger appeal to get people to work harder, and to maintain and reinforce National unity. Now if someone was petitioning for better working conditions *and* not going through through the proper channels, like trying to organize a strike, that could absolutely land them into facing far more severe punishments like execution or slave labor. This was especially compounded if you were not pure Ethnically German, had a history of Liberal/Leftist advocacy, or just in general weren't "with the program" in some other way. But then they would truly be getting punished for being an enemy of the Nation, not for a Worker's Council appeal. The Consensus about how to categorize the Nazi's belief structure is not set, there are a few new major historiographys about how we should approach and categorize their belief structure every decade. The Philosophical underpinnings of the system, and their philosophical origins are important to understand if we want a more accurate definition of what they were and what they believed, and for that you have to look at early Fascist and Syndicalist philosophers, German Nationalism, extreme Anti-Semitism and racism, and the popularity of the ideas of Oswald Spengler. So when a Historian says, "The Nazis weren't Socialist", they are truthful because it's about the intentions of accusing them of being "Socialists" in the first place. The *Intention* of calling the Nazi's Socialist is usually to infer that they were Left-Wing, which is usually a strategy employed by mostly Right-Wing people to push the *perception* of Nazism towards something they are opposed to, i.e. Left-Wing Socialism. So in how Socialism is typically defined in America, we are mostly talking about a general Left-Wing Socialism, so in that regard Nazi's are absolutely not Socialist in that sense. BUT in the context of Right-Wing Socialism, the Nazi's absolutely saw themselves in that way, and repeatedly said that they were a new way that would take the best of both sides and reform a new system out of that. So it's generally easier to shorten the rebuke to "No They weren't Socialist", when talking to people who are arguing in bad faith, but the deeper dive and more complex reality is that the Nazi system was radically different from modern systems, and had very different goals, and was influence by and using a rather large pool of radical turn-of-the-century political concepts, instead of thinking in terms of modern mostly liberal political parties of the western world. The were socialist to a degree, in which they sought to take strategies of socialist organization and nationalization, but rather than sharpen that towards a goal of addressing worker's right or inequality like how to think of in modern parlance, it was used to further the goals of the State and National Identity. They were Syncretic in that they grabbed whatever was useful in their end goal of Hypermilitarism, Social Darwinism, and Expansionism. For your final question, no, I am not a professional Historian, my academic minor was in History.
I feel like it's clear he meant unarmed as in "without a gun".
Prescott Bush was a small part of a bank, that banked, with someone who supported someone else, who hadn't done anything wrong to the United States yet, and that got turned into 'helped the Nazis' hide their money. Not to mention that Fritz Thyssen, the aforementioned Industrialist ended up being sent to Dachau, after he started speaking out against the Nazis. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fritz_Thyssen#Nazi_Germany
I wouldn't either, but I don't feel it's a Rorschach test to assume he misspoke and meant "not pointing a gun at you".
Limero tal vez? https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citrus_%C3%97_aurantifolia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key_lime Lo llamamos llave lima en los Estados Unidos. Hacemos pasteles con eso.
Vote like he is down 10.
He was pretty open about hating it internally, but wanted to mitigate potential damage in an attempt to be as positive an influence as possible over the administration. He couldn't have known in the beginning that his errand was ultimately in vain, BUT he did stop Trump several times from making dumber decisions than he ended up making. Mattis tries to be apolitical and has served both sides with diligence.
Why do you loathe them?
I wouldn't really call Mattis a Neocon, he is rather apolitical. Labeling him a neocon comes with a lot of baggage that really doesn't apply to him.
Which comes with it's own problems.
Why are so many people in his staff so pathetic, back-stabbing, and toxic? They all sound like they are 15.
Final-Stage Ortho-Marx Communism sure. There are a LOT more styles of Communism than just Final Stage Marxism, in the real world none of them have every progressed to anything approaching a stateless society.
I mean I would rather take the money and use it to build a better reformed police, instead of dropping pay and benefits leaving the best Police to leave, and the worst actors to stick around because they suck so much they can't get a job anywhere else. Mindlessly defunding is just going to lead to a worse overall department who are going to engage in other activities that harm the community to make up the budget gap.
No every crime can be fixed with health care and social workers. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murray-Hill_riot Who is going to have the monopoly on violence to stop bank robbers, bank robbers who operate anti-socially to benefit themselves, not because they lack opportunity, or because they are mentally ill, but because they just enjoy stealing? How many health care workers and psychiatrists would it have taken to stop Larry Phillips Jr. and Emil Matasareanu? How many to stop Marvin Heemeyer?
I don't think a Police Force that can get militarized is any more of a threat by default than the military itself. The issue isn't that the Police Force have body armor and automatic weapons, the issue is in training, and the how people are vetted. White Supremacists could be sorted out with proper leadership engaging in thorough vetting and extensive training and psychological testing. The threat isn't a guy with a bunch of guns, the threat is the guy with a bunch of guns being mentally unstable. Defunding the police isn't an option for many places, the Police legitimately are needed as a bulwark to manage severe violent crime. Just deleting them would make that far worse. Reforms cost money, and making a more accountable and better trained police force should be our goal, not just deleting it wholesale.
I was using that as a most basic low-level example.
How do all of these people post Nazi propaganda and call for violence day in day out get thousands of eyeballs on it, and don't have anything happen to their accounts? Jesus.
I have been generally happier in relationships with other queer people than in relationships with straight people. That is a general though and doesn't apply to how I feel about specific people.
✊🏼 TO THE FUCKING CURB! ✊🏼 ⛺ Leftist, Centrist, Moderate, Neocon, Never Trump Conservatives, Libertarians, Social Democrats, Democratic Socialist. And Many More. ⛺ Lets. Get. This. Fuck. Out.
That's the old sign. It was taken down and moved to the Emmett Till Interpretive Center in Sumner, MS, and it is maintained in it's vandalized state as part of the exhibit. The new sign is made of a half-inch of the same kind of steel used for rifle targets, then coated in a bullet-resistant acrylic panel, the total sign weighs over 500 pounds. It can now effectively withstand being shot at by a sniper rifle, and would shrug it off. https://www.nytimes.com/2019/10/20/us/emmett-til-bulletproof-sign.html
If he hadn't of won, he would have had 4 years of operating the "Trump News Network" like he planned, and just spent the last half decade just building his cult, and they would be so much stronger behind him than I think many are now. I think his failure over and over has really highlighted how bad he really is, and he can't just fall back and lie as easily as he could if he had lost.
You assume he is talking about trying to keep narcissists out; when really, and what I feel is more likely (hopefully) is he is asking what incentives could motivate non-narcissistic people to engage more?
Wait are you actually Burt Durham?
If you are, or know him, I just want you to know I am a big fan.
Oh hey! A Billy Forsyth movie! Great movie! A friend of mine tried to fix his 1994 film 'Being Human' which was ruined by studio interference. If you like this film you will probably enjoy it a lot. I will post it in a second! Watch for the edit. Edit: https://subcin.wordpress.com/2014/08/01/being-human-robin-williams-screenplay/
Posted it!
Removing bias by assigning everyone a number tends to benefit white and asian students the most since they tend to have the best scores. Racial quotas are about fixing inequality, many black students come from poor areas which tend to have the worst schools since schools are paid for through property taxes. Thus rich areas have schools with big budgets and poor schools scrap and beg. This leads to poor areas having fewer teachers, less qualified teachers, and fewer resources, leading to depressed test scores and this lowers rates of college enrollment based on scores alone. So scholarships and quotas are about addressing these inherent inequalities. Black Americans that Graduate see an improvement in wages and can afford to live in better neighborhoods and their kids can benefit from the resources of those better districts and eventually you keep lifting the community up until the programs aren't needed.
Well, this is in general. There have been extensive School Funding Reforms and restructuring that has been happening for decades to try to balance these inequalities, but it is difficult to build up mass cooperation between the states and all of the cities, it's a huge system with a huge budget and tons of moving parts and change in a system that big takes time. https://equitablegrowth.org/can-school-finance-reforms-improve-student-achievement/#:~:text=In%20the%201970s%20and%20the,or%20low%20tax%20base%20districts. https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/education-k-12/reports/2018/11/13/460397/quality-approach-school-funding/ Since we aren't there yet, we can try to balance some of those inequalities at the College level, which is the purpose of it all to make society more balanced.
Trump can be removed by voting. Saddam couldn't.
Saddam was a dictator and the Iraqi people could not remove him except by violence. Trump is not a dictator regardless of how much he cosplays as one and it will require no violence to remove him. Interventionism is an extreme solution that is made inevitable if no alternative non-violent solutions are made possible.
We also created modern Germany, Japan, Korea, and many more. We trusted a tough secular anti-communist leader during the Cold War who made promises about Liberalizing like Korea did after they were stable. He lied. You can't always predict when someone is lying or not, your complaint is effectively that the Western world wasn't precognitive.
Liberal democracies are objectively better. Economic size is meaningless if you don't protect the human rights of your people and uphold the social contract. Hitler would have still been a bad guy even if the German economy had surpassed the American economy. Interventionism is an extreme intercession when a state is failing it's people at a fundamental level, like committing genocide, or making peaceful transition impossible.
Are you really asking what makes liberal democracies better than a neo-Fascist who committed genocide? Let me ask you a question, were the Allies morally better than the Axis, objectively, during WWII?
https://news.stlpublicradio.org/post/10-years-later-soldiers-family-still-grieves-and-questions-armys-version-her-death#stream/0 She shot herself in the mouth with a rifle, committing suicide in that way can cause hemorrhaging in the skull that looks like external bruises. The explosion from the rifle can also loosen teeth and break jaws. Two separate investigations one by the military and one by a independent group found nothing in the case that was suspicious. I can't find any information about the chemical burns, but a rep in the article stated that there is a lot of misinformation about the case online.
https://news.stlpublicradio.org/post/10-years-later-soldiers-family-still-grieves-and-questions-armys-version-her-death#stream/0 There were two. One by the military and one by an independent group. Edit: actually three, there were two different investigations by the military by independent entities.
There was no information that they could point to that could contradict the official story or that they felt needed another look.
https://news.stlpublicradio.org/post/10-years-later-soldiers-family-still-grieves-and-questions-armys-version-her-death#stream/0 The reality of the case is more complicated. Three investigations all came to the same conclusion, that it was a suicide.
People that are deeply upset can mutilate themselves, self-harm is common with people who are suicidal. Also acid doesn't consistently destroy DNA, it also wouldn't do anything for internal DNA evidence. Also both the CIS, the independent autopsy, and the CCRI all agree that the evidence conforms to a suicide. Dig through enough suicides and lots of uncontroversial suicides have ended after the person mutilated themselves in some way. https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/7979869/ This article has multiple reports of suicides found with mutilated genitals, and the psychology behind genital self-mutilation.
Also, people keep bringing up the damage to the genitals. There are many cases of people who snap who have self-mutilated their bodies before killing themselves. So someone having mutilated themselves on their own isn't suspicious, especially if it aligns with other forensic information that we don't know of but the investigators may have. https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/7979869/
Roman Holiday, Notting Hill, Annie Hall, Moonstruck, His Girl Friday, Broadcast News, When Harry Met Sally, Something Wild, The Lady Eve. So many great films in the genre.
Thanks for the recommendation! Interesting aside the screenwriter was also the Courthouse reporter for the Chicago Tribune and her stories went on to inspire Chicago the musical.
The kind of chemical is not public information from what I can tell but I would be willing to reach out to the CCRI to see if they have additional information on it that can be shared with the public, it is merely listed as a 'chemical burn' by all descriptions and a third-degree burn elsewhere. That could be anything from battery acid to bleach to lye to ammonia to a number of other things conceptually obtainable on a military base that could cause chemical burns with extended contact. The full extent of it isn't fully available to the public. Broken teeth, inner mouth lacerations, skull ecchymosis, lip lacerations, would all be consistent with an intraoral gunshot. The mouth acts as a bell that catches the escaping gas, it's like putting a water balloon on a firehose, tearing and intraoral damage will be severe. It would be VERY peculiar if she has no intraoral damage from a suicide by gun.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maurine_Dallas_Watkins
While I have not found a specific case yet, there are many documented cases of women with PTSD, borderline, depression or other conditions often comorbid with suicidal ideation engaging in genital self-mutilation. https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapsychiatry/article-abstract/491043 https://ps.psychiatryonline.org/doi/pdf/10.1176/ps.50.10.1362-b https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/00926238908403829?journalCode=usmt20 It is often associated with dysphoria. It is unusual but by no means unknown in general. It also could have been her perhaps trying to drink something to poison herself and spilling it in her lap before deciding that was a waste of time and killing herself with gunshot. All I could do is speculate, but forensically speaking there are a lot of ways the scene COULD have happened. Maybe she spilled something caustic on herself earlier in the night and just didn't clean it up even though it was burning because she lost the will to live or care? The existence of a chemical burn on her isn't necessarily clear evidence of foul play, especially since there doesn't seem to be any mention of any evidence of recent sexual activity consensual or nonconsensual. No apparent sign of a struggle, no mention of skin or blood under her fingernails. From the sound of it the injury was only on the surface, but none of the investigations found any inner lacerations as far as I have read.
I can't confirm, all I can say is I have spent a lot of time around people that do autopsies professionally, and intraoral damage is extremely common with these kinds of suicides. The speed of the gas coming out of the gun even without a projectile, on it's own, is totally capable of killing people at short range. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jon-Erik_Hexum For an example, just a blank round fired at close range was enough to shatter a quarter-sized piece of Jon Hexum's skull, and send fragments of his skull into his brain causing severe hemmoraging and death. That was with a .44 round that provides HALF the chamber pressure of your typical 5.56 round. The 5.56 is using a LOT more powder that is exerting a lot more pressure, meaning a lot more gas being expelled much more energetically, causing a lot more damage. Using a rifle with that kind of power intraorally explains all of her stated injuries for me. Also teeth being knocked out by external force are going to look differently than teeth damaged by internal pressures. Getting hit externally with a fist or blunt object is going to provide a different damage profile to teeth being damaged by pressure coming out.
That would be my assumption. I feel really really shitty about this whole situation. But people can be chipper and 'normal' up until a suicide, and the families are almost always surprised about it, because suicide provides no clear set of symptoms when it is imminent. People don't want to believe a loved one couldn't handle the pain of continued existence anymore, there is the question of "Did I miss something? Was I culpable for not reaching out more?" Turning a loved one's suicide into a homicide externalizes culpability to a degree while suicide internalizes. Suicide can leave a family feeling like the family unit failed the one who killed themselves. Homicide can make a family feel like there is justice to be done, it externalizes. I an not suggesting this is the case, but it is extremely easy to put yourself in the footsteps of a family dealing with a member who killed themselves and feeling like the family is to blame. Nothing in this case sounds truly abnormal, rare sure, but it all sounds like it makes sense forensically, and I understand why the family wouldn't want to accept it.
I just wish people would look into cases more carefully, because it isn't ever so clear cut. People keep bringing up Patrick Tillman, but it was the Army Criminal Investigation Command (the same division responsible for this investigation) who determined it was Friendly Fire and outed the real cause of Tillman's death.
Whiteguyblinking.gif
There are potentially many more Moderate and Liberal Republicans, and Moderate and Liberal Independents than there are Progressives: https://news.gallup.com/poll/275792/remained-center-right-ideologically-2019.aspx Progressives who are unlikely to vote for Biden are a smaller group than Moderates on the fence. Progressives won't vote for Trump in any significant amount, and there is effectively nothing that Trump can do at this stage to court a significant amount of them. Biden on the other hand, every moderate republican that is convinced by Biden is a potentially lost voter for Trump. From a pure numbers perspective, it would be smart to appeal to and try to court moderate Indies and Republicans who *MIGHT* vote for Trump. A Progressive who doesn't vote for Biden is just a -1 for Biden, but a Moderate Republican who votes for Biden is a +1 for Biden AND a -1 for Trump.
https://www.politico.com/story/2019/03/15/jeb-bush-trump-2020-1223047 Jeb wanted Republicans to seriously primary a major candidate to replace Trump. He hates him.
I really troubles me the amount of Misinformation that gets upvoted to the front page, and people calling it out just get downvoted or lost in the echo chamber. Like the post with LaVena Johnson on "Awfuleverything", she was a soldier who committed suicide in 2005, and two separate military investigations and a independent academic investigation all found that her wounds were consistent with a suicide. Of course you'd never know that, and the entire thread is about how horrible the military is, and conspiracy theories about other suicides, and of course then it veers into the "Clinton Kill List" territory. How can misinformation of this scale get mitigated?
Broken Nose, black eye, and loose teeth are all consistent with an intraoral gun-based suicide. The pressure rating of a 5.56 cartridge is over 60,000 psi, it blows your mouth apart from the pressure alone. None of these are suspect or worth warranting as evidence. People severely underestimate how powerful the explosive from a bullet is totally absent from the projectile, for an example I would just point to the case of Jon Hexum, he was an actor who was playing with a gun loaded with a blank, he pointed it at his own head and pulled the trigger and just the pressure and cotton wadding was able to shatter a quarter sized part of his skull and send fragments of his skull into his brain killing him, that was with a prop .44 which has half the chamber pressure of a 5.56 cartridge. Everything publicly known about her intracranial injuries suggest to me an intraoral rifle gunshot. As for the corrosive chemical wound, nothing is really known about it, but it is absolutely not uncommon for people to mutilate or engage in self-harm before a suicide. Was it an attempt to just harm herself, could she have been having some body dysmorphia issues, was it related to sexual trauma, could she have been trying to drink a poison or corrosive substance to commit suicide, then decided against it and went with a gun instead, could she have just been cleaning something earlier, spilled some ammonia or bleach in her lap (both of which can cause the third-degree chemical burns described in public documents about the case), and just decided to not clean it up because she was depressed and had decided to kill herself? Who knows, but forensically it doesn't make sense to do that to hide a rape, AND there would be other evidence, especially of non-consensual sex, signs of a struggle, DNA or seminal evidence inside or on her sheets, intravaginal lacerations, DNA evidence under her nails. Also why use a corrosive chemical, which would be highly suspect and not just soap? And if it was as suggested to hide DNA evidence, why no internal burns, only external? Self-mutilation and self-harm are common for people suffering from conditions that tend to lead to suicide ideation, and are common before or concurrent with suicide acts, looking around at other cases I have found more than one case where people have slashed, burnt, or castrated themselves before committing suicide. It is rare, but not unknown. Bloody Footprints at a crime scene aren't unknown, someone rushes in finds the body, steps in blood and rushes out again. It doesn't suggest foul play by itself, and would have to be taken account of by investigators. A bloody footprint in a relatively public area after a murder isn't unusual, especially after people wake up and find a co-worker has killed themselves and are panicked. The Army CIC and Armed Forces Medical Examiner's Office came to the same conclusion about her body, the Independent Autopsy pursued by her father was inconclusive and provided no information contradictory to the CIC and MEO's findings. The later CCIRI forensic analysis and reconstruction with acadamics and students spending 3 years analyzing it was unable to find anything that contradicted the official story, while the Army says there is a significant amount of misinformation and lies spread about the case on-line. Then people point to Patrick Tillman, without acknowleding that it was the CIC that analyzed the evidence and pushed that it was a Friendly Fire incident, they were the ones who PREVENTED it from being covered up, so invoking that case actually weakens the case that it was anything other than a suicide.
The CCIRI provided their report to the family and to all investigative agencies associated with the investigation. They don't provide the content of the report to the public. Based on publicly released material, the Victim pulled the trigger with her feet, and that is the dominate theory about how she fired the gun. There wasn't any reason for there to be significant residue on her hands since she didn't fire it with her hands. Also two additional things, she committed suicide intraorally, meaning the gun barrel was in her mouth, that is going to absorb most of the firearm discharge residue. The M16 rifle is also a closed-bolt system so less GSR is being expelled out of the sides than many common guns, so a smaller amount of gunshot residue is going to be around your hand in comparison to in a scenario with a pistol, where the bolt and barrel are all fairly close together. Not saying that GSR can't be detected after firing a rifle, but she isn't going to have a significant amount on her hands as the barrel was in a closed environment, and her hands were going to be mostly shielded from the barrel, with her feet getting most of the GSR from the breech/trigger area.
I just read everything I could about the case, I forgot where I found that specific detail, but it was repeated as something that the family didn't find credible.
I just wanted to add a very unscientific detail, I have a rifle with a very similar trigger and trigger guard to that of a military M16, not precisely the same but close in size. I also have a pair of large boots that are comparable to a the shape of a military style boot. I am also a male who has nearly a foot on her in height, so comparatively my feet would be a least a bit larger than hers, it would be safe to assumed. But shoes or no shoes, I can fit the tip of my boot into the trigger guard and make it engage it. (Don't worry, I did it with the trigger segment removed from the rifle.) So regardless of the contradiction of shoes or no shoes that I have seen, it's a meaningless detail, I feel confident a trigger can still be pulled with a shoed foot, and it's a detail that people are getting caught up on that actually doesn't mean anything to the case, but *sounds* suspect.
I mean it makes sense to me. Straight people are attracted to the opposite gender. A straight man isn't horrified of penises typically, they have one of their own, they watch a lot of porn with a lot of things happening to penises. They aren't attracted to *men*, a penis is incidental, it is combining something they enjoy watching get pleasured, a penis, with something they are attracted to, a woman, in a novel way that is uncommon, and we are heavily dispositioned to seek novelty. Gay men though are attracted to *men*, they typically want to see porn about *men*, that means people who present as men.
I think there is more than sufficient motivation to vote this year for everyone. We need to build a strong coalition to beat Trump definitively, that means we need to stop caring so much about all of our allies being 'perfect', purity tests can be put on hold for 5 months, not even a full 6 months, just a temporary ceasefire. Beating Trump is bigger and so much more important than being mildly uncomfortable about sharing a seat with moderate Anti-Trump Republicans. I don't care what is said or done after 2020, but right now Progressives need to realize that signaling to undecided voters (who are almost all right of your typical very online progressive) is more important. Biden has already put forth the most Progressive agenda for a Presidential Nominee in history, and that matters, anyone that wants to sit this one out is just throwing a tantrum.
From what I found she had just gone through a break-up and had burned a few Dear John letters she had gotten from her partner right before the suicide. She got them in an email and printed them out before her death.
But the kind of Devil you liked.
Iraq's entire known oil reserves doesn't cover the cost of the conflict. If it was about oil the best ROI would have been liberalizing trade with Iraq. Saddam would have come to the table to prevent Gulf War II.
"Listen you little wiseacre, I'm smart; you're dumb, I'm big; you're little, I'm right; you're wrong. And there's nothing you can do about it."
We are interested in winning. People are going to celebrate people they wouldn't typically celebrate, since every little bit helps. Purity tests can be put on hold until November 4th. Romney coming out against Trump could turn Utah purple for this election cycle, I don't care if Utah is back to being blood red on the 4th, enough Moderate Utahns come out on the 3rd, that can be a tipping point we need. We can go back to gnawing on one another's wet bones when the election is over.
And that could be the essential faction that pushes it outside of Trump's striking distance and can keep Biden's lead there.
It needs to be, we have had 4 years of seeing the result of Trumpian policy, we need to have our arms wide open to welcome back people and allow them to say without judgement or reprisals, "I am sorry, I was duped and lied to. I made a mistake.", and it ends there. We need to embrace our brothers and sisters who got lost on the road, they need to welcomed home, because that is how we are going to absolutely crush Trump, it needs to be a decisive and brutal victory, nip the people who have budding into full on racists; this election needs to be a complete and total repudiation of the political climate and culture Trump has fostered at every turn. So damn straight I am going to hold Romney close, we can argue about policy differences and mistakes and failures and hold him in harsh judgement on the 4th, no earlier for me. This needs to be an absolutely freight train that crushes Trump and everything he stands for in such a spectacular fashion that *no one* can dispute what the rejection means.
It has above average reviews on the meta review sites and IMDB, I always assumed people saw it as one of Burton's best movies.
It was more the film itself had homophobic tendencies, in regards to it's portrayal of Prince Edward as an idiotic sissy. His stereotypical performance was itself homophobic.
I feel like it is better to watch earlier Westerns first so when you get to the Post-Modern/Contemporary era it makes more sense in regards to what the newer westerns are deconstructing and recontextualizing. The eras of the genre are The 'Silent Era 1890's-1920's' The 'Pulp Serial Era 1930's-1940's' (Which really you could say in some aspects extended nearly into the 60's as this era was picked up and perpetuated by lower-budget television serials), The "Golden Age" or 'Classic Era 1939-1969ish', The 'Revisionist Western 1960's-1980's', the Euro/Spaghetti Western from the 1960's-1970's, 'The "Acid" or "Post-Modern" Western from the 1960's-1990's', then 'Contemporary and Neo-Westerns from the 1980's-Present'. If you really want to understand it and better appreciate it, I feel like watching stuff from the Classic era is essential, since it makes the distinctive lines that later eras are casting it in much easier to understand. Essential Classic Westerns I recommend are, Rio Bravo, The Searchers, The Magnificent Seven, Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Shane, High Noon, Stagecoach, Red River, My Darling Clementine, 3:10 to Yuma, Vera Cruz, How The West Was Won, and one of the few examples that was made outside of the original classic era but still fits within it without fully moving into 'revisionist' territory "The Shootist".
The BDS movement has stayed overall ineffective at harming the Israeli economy in any meaningful way. It is largely a fringe movement popular with political extremists, so of course it's going to find a home in a movement where the loudest voices and much of the leadership are all politically fringe. That doesn't mean it is something to be overly concerned with, it is more symbolic than anything.
Bingo. Their utility is providing a point of evidence and data chain, not necessarily forcing compliance.
I am really interested so far.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbF2I5t25s0
I am still voting like Biden is down. Complacency kills.
Yay, he got suspended.
Hey now, I love Kombucha and I am a gosh dang NATO flair.
Where can we put the Thule Society v. Posadist Axis?
Because when people who claim they want a "gay President", they meant they wanted a flamboyant stereotype that would say "Yas Queen" to Merkel during joint Press conferences, and retweet UNHhhh memes and clapback at Conservatives on Twitter telling them that they are changing the name of the country to the Queernited States of Anusica, and if they don't like it they can just go back to where they came from, *BITCH*. They don't want a hardworking policy wonk ex-veteran who speaks like an average intelligent guy, because SURPRISE most LGBT people are just human beings.
I need more than vanilla. I believe that we need freedom. And choice when it comes to our ice cream, and that Nyx81, that is the definition of liberty.
I guess that's kind of a big question. I mean both are on spectrums, but are limited by biological and psychological limitations of unaugmented humans. Political Ideologies can have umbrellas which conceptually narrows them down, a fairly wide range of fairly differently structure political systems and how they operate in the real world can still be united by a core ideological uniformity. At the same time, you can have two groups claiming different ideologies, while their differences are minimal at best. But I guess that applies to personal identity as well, two people's identities could be imperceptibly different to an outsider, but they claim are starkly different.
I think those are adjacent enough to the industry to still make sense, I am curious about meat processing, and farming, and agriculture, and building equipment, and behind the scenes stuff.
I don't think anyone needs to twist this back onto Claire. She is entitled to get emotional over difficult recipes not going how they are supposed to, it's mentally and physically draining. The villain should be people that don't compensate her co-workers what they are worth, not Claire *maybe* being compensated what she's worth.
I mean I have never seen a Kroger that didn't have Teff in their "Bob's Red Mill" kiosk next to the wheat flours and cornmeal.
I mean, the implication of it though does indeed point to one singular policy, that you no longer want the police to exist. Or you do, and you love bastards.
It's meaningless. Like, are people chanting A.C.A.B, or do you yell A-CAB like you just spotted a taxi? Somebody asks, "Wait what's going on, what are we chanting?", "All Cops Are Bastards!", "Uh, Oh, ok.". It automatically gets a negative reaction from most people who want Police reforms, and it just helps to alienate less extreme people. While throwing out a slogan that is definitely untrue.
Welcome to seemingly every fashionable person on Instagram.
"Yes they do! Which is why we need your help protecting the black community right now! Will you help us, we're in danger."
Hyperbolic slogans just alienate less extreme people. A person hears it and goes, "So what you're saying we need to fire all the cops?!" and they stop listening. It invites tuning you out and dismissing you as a crazy person. It also makes a system that is by default not monolithic, into a monolithic system, by lumping thousands of police departments with hundreds of thousands of personnel, many of them with absolutely no problems of note, as one problem. What point would be solved with a Small-Town Sheriff who is actively not racist with a department that has never even had to kill someone, then lumping them in with a corrupt cop in a major city? Would it be better for that good cop to do what, quit in protest of a cop on the otherside of the country that he can't do anything to affect? It's a stupid and alienating slogan.
There are always options! https://californiawineryadvisor.com/best-non-alcoholic-champagne-sparkling-wine/
You can adopt all of their policies and can still get griped at for not doing it more quickly, and then for not meaning it even if you do.
The point that I hear over and over is ACAB means every single cop is irredeemable if they keep working at the job and that the system is rooted in protecting the rich and harming minorities, thus reforms are useless, and no cop can be an ally since they choose to be part of an evil system. I have never heard ACAB, so let's reform. You don't call EVERYONE doing a job as a bastard to invite discussion about how to help them.
Cutting Funding is fine as well. It's defunding entirely and thus removing from existence entirely that people in general see as not possible, yet that is the front option being discussed.
Yea, I am surprised people dislike it. I was really fond of it. Went and saw it on a date night and we both loved it.
Well it did go through a period of being seen as more of a generic symbol of southern Pride and rebellion, and the majority of the uses of it still fall into that category. But as knowledge about people's reaction to it, and the background of the flag has become easier to share, and genuine racists keep utilizing it, it has become time to abandon it's continued use by non-racists.
Typically when they do things that people see as harming the chance of victory in November.
https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2019/02/08/politics/donald-trump-exercise-health-physical/index.html
It has been stated before that he drinks a LOT of Diet Coke, up to 12 cans a day. https://www.cnn.com/2017/12/11/health/diet-coke-trump-health-effects/index.html As far as Cocaine, Trump has always insisted he has never smoked, drank alcohol, or done illegal drugs, primarily based on his affinity for his Brother Fred who died from Alcoholism: https://heavy.com/news/2016/10/donald-trump-drugs-drug-use-sniffing-sniffles-cocaine-clinton-debate-test/ I genuinely believe that as talking about his brother is the closest we get to Trump showcasing vulnerability or true pain, and I think the concern for him is genuine. That being said he *has* been prescribed Diethylpropion and Phentermine, for the claim of dieting and metabolic reasons, both medications have amphetamine-like mechanisms of action.
Panamanian, Bradley, F35; tri-axis.
From all that I can hear, he hasn't had any major arrests or interactions with the Police in the 7 years since his release from Prison, and has done a lot of work reaching out with ministry services to try to keep people from getting involved in crime.
Only a matter of time until we get a "Re-education Through Labor" area where kidnapped cops and grill-dad's are forced to watch "Strike", "Roger &amp; Me", and "Do The Right Thing" on repeat when they aren't growing kale sprouts and reconstructing the barriers in the morning, which are damaged every night by attempted incursions by Corporate Gene-Mutilated Stoßtruppen.
Hurray!
Uh, Ice Cube is straight up posting anti-Semitic conspiracy theories now. https://twitter.com/icecube/status/1270752897899229184 !ping GEFILTE
https://www.aliennationcorporation.com/read-this-before-they-remove-it-the-saturn-and-the-cube/ Apparently the elite worship Saturn, and it's a secret conspiracy that unifies religions and societies throughout time. Or something.
A lot of that is more complicated than purely good or bad. Many Indian Tribes were relocated to Reservations just because they wanted to get the Tribes away from White settlements since the proximity lead to an endangerment of many of the tribes that the Federal government could not easily police. Fighting and raids from Indian Tribes to American settlements, and from American Settlements on Tribal Land lead to significant bloodshed and maintained tensions at breaking point levels, making tribal assistance difficult to gain support for. Resettlement was an imperfect solution during an imperfect time and often one of the best options the government had at the time. And the militias they might organize to police violence would often be the same people who had been engaging in tit-for-tat violence with the Natives. Also his service during the Black Hawk war was rather uneventful, he primarily engaged in oversight and helped bury the dead. He was also 23 and never saw combat, which he would joke about later in life, alluding to the blood he spilled during the war being mainly through mosquitoes. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abraham_Lincoln_in_the_Black_Hawk_War
There were dozens of us pulling for it...
I hear almost as JonTron's Ech noise. https://youtu.be/Sr_SGkqrrdM
I have been critical of far-left poor signaling, because I want victory in November. It's stupid that we need to play whack-a-mole with signaling by extremists who run the risk of alienating moderates who we need for real reforms.
Mostly because we are all essentially on the same page about Police overreach and excessive police militarization. There isn't any reason to repeat conversations the sub has been having for a month. The thing is we want to see things done, sometimes we might want some drastic things to occur, but signaling unrealistic things that do nothing but alienates moderates who we need for what actually needs to be done needs to be opposed and clamped down on so we can focus on *actual* reforms. Also Anarchist larping is way funnier than stuff the far-right does, which typically ends up with people getting killed.
Which Christianity sub?
It wasn't technically possible in the Trans-Am, he would have to average 119.8 miles an hour to make it, then factoring in gas stops, bathroom breaks, stopping the car to pull in, order the clam chowder, get back in, then dealing with traffic getting in and out of town... It wouldn't be technically possible. If you calculated all the open freeway between the cities, and gave him a modern supercar, it becomes conceptually possible if the majority of the trip can be closer to 200mph. But once again that is assuming ideal conditions that he could at least swerve in and out of traffic, or they find a way to cut off traffic for most of the route.
As far as soda is concerned my international section here at my supermarket in the US has Jamaican Gingerbeer and Champange Kola and Malta. Then the "British" section has Irn Bru and Idris Gingerbeer and Vimto. The German section is jammed in next to it with Spezi and Bionade, and that is down the aisle from the Hispanic section with Jarritos and Goya stuff and more Malta, then the Kosher food sliver which has a bunch of Israeli Kedem juices. Then there is the Asian section with Japanese Ramune, a few Korean Lotte Milkis drinks, and some canned teas. At the international market it gets way more varied.
I mean both parties have been in dramatically worse positions in the past, rewind the past and you effectively have two parties that would both be seen as deeply illiberal in many ways. A party can reinvent itself in a lot of ways. The Republicans could do the same.
What an amazing line-up of work, Perfect Blue, Millennium Actress, Tokyo Godparents, Paranoia Agent, Paprika... Like each one an absurd classic, and head and shoulders above not just anime, but most live action work. We lost someone on the level of a Scorsese or a Kurosawa, and we don't really fully appreciate it because he was an animated director.
Competitors loudly broadcast that he was an Abolitionist so that people who wanted to ship in slave states would buy their locomotives instead of Baldwin's. Also the Western Territories were mostly free states, and either outlawed slavery or belonged to foreign countries that outlawed slavery during the time when railroads West were starting to be built. The Transcontinental Railroad was not even completed until 4 years after the Civil War had concluded. It is highly doubtful a significant amount of Slave were shipped West on Baldwin Locomotives.
I still remember the opening day I watched it, and just as Wikus comes out shooting in the Exo-Suit, the film went pure Magenta, then snapped. We all got raincheques and I came back and watched it another day. Same thing happened during "Attack of the Clones" literally the second Yoda lit up his lightsaber, the film broke. I think the projectionists at my old theater just loved watching the cool scenes over and over again and would wear them out before opening day.
All of my Instagram all have been saying, "No we literally mean the police shouldn't exist at all." For weeks. A friend just posted today an article or slideshow entitled "Feminist Alternatives to Policing". They proposed unarmed Mediation teams who would go out and negotiate with people about to commit crimes.
Because Revolution.
We understand the concept, we disagree with the conclusion. Ted Bundy didn't murder people because he wasn't making enough money or because he felt oppressed. MS-13 doesn't sell young girls into sex slavery because they got turned down for promotions and can't afford housing.
Like we understand the ideas. We just are pointing out that they aren't real ideas. They are imaginary happy time.
Monica never came out and publically endorsed Hillary, probably because she understands how it could be spun by her opponents, and it would be unprofessional and thrusting herself into something that didn't concern her. She has always expressed support for Democrats and has supported Progressive causes. https://www.politico.com/story/2018/11/13/monica-lewinsky-sorry-hillary-clinton-987030 She has repeatedly publically apologized to Chelsea and Hillary and tried to stay far away from them and out of their lives. I feel like she understands clearly what trying to interact with them more directly would mean and the optics of it.
I can in good faith argue that free and ready access to gumballs would solve most social ills, that doesn't mean it deserves the electricity to make that appear on a screen.
Also like there are always bystanders placidly standing by saying, "Hey stop peeling the skin off that girl you have trapped in your basement, please stop! Hey I said stop! That's it! I am calling the Unarmed Mediation Teams to come counsel you until you see the light! Just you wait!"
She isn't rich but she did get into Harvard on a scholarship, so what the fuck do I know.
But Revolution.
Rubbing my hands when I get really excited is a habit that I fundamentally couldn't break if I wanted to.
https://youtu.be/P55t6eryY3g
Prince was hanging around adults, and when he dated people they were often extremely famous as well. Jackson though hung out with children privately and invited hundreds of children to his ranch to play. It was extremely easy to get access to Jackson if you were a child. The fact that a duplicitous adult would try to take advantage of that doesn't surprise me. There are different dynamics and amounts of people involved. Jackson probably hung out with scores more children more than women Prince dated.
All of those are Rom-Coms.
I would say Late July/ Early August. Bernie conceded in early April so Biden has only been the unopposed candidate for 2 months. Election is November 3rd. So of the 7 months from running unopposed to today, we are at Day 65, 208 days from April 9th to November 3rd. 104 days after April 9th is July 22nd. So the true halfway point between running unopposed and November 3rd is July 22nd as far as Halftime is concerned. So halftime is in about a month and a half. If we want to start the game from Super Tuesday (245 days between March 3rd and November 3rd), then halftime is the 4th of July.
How so?
Which has been hijacked to attack actual moderates and actual centrists.
The Far Left hates the US in the US too.
There is a precedent for that. The difference is violence and rioting has been more contained, and people have been trying to keep it from getting out of hand. If they had been more lopsided towards violence, eventually it could have helped Trump depending on how scared moderates were. So far he has bungled it by telling police to overreact, which most people see as unjustified at this point.
That is a big one. Floyd never utilized violence and was slowly crushed to death long after he surrendered while begging for his life, and it was all on video. Brown's death has inconsistencies about it and it wasn't clear to what degree the use of force was acceptable, and forensics supported Wilson and several of the witnesses said they didn't see it as clearly or as completely as many people claimed, and there is forensic evidence that aligns with Wilson's account of Brown trying to grab his gun. One is cut and dry, the other is murkier and a lot of evidence supports the Officer's account. Also you have a DOJ being guided by an administration clearly on the side of reducing violence and finding justice, versus a Administration that ordered the tear gassing of peaceful protesters at a Church. Things are different.
Paris Theodosiou is the guy, he is a bodybuilder. The Lady is Cassandra Woodhouse, she is an actress. Neither of them are actual adult performers.
Paris Theodosiou is the guy, he is a bodybuilder. The Lady is Cassandra Woodhouse, she is an actress. Neither of them are actual adult performers.
Are you fasting for religious reasons or health? Minor Yom Kippur isn't until later this month right?
I didn't say that claims can't be ambiguous. But that specific claim isn't ambiguous. Singling out a demographic and claiming that they are doing better now than before you is an entirely unambiguous statement. Saying that you feel America is more "Blessed" or something that can't be or would be difficult to be tied to some hard objective metric would be something they couldn't fact-check. If a Politician makes a unambiguous claim that is tied to a metric, it could be fact-checked, if they make an ambiguous claim it can't really, although it can be argued and reasoned with, but that would be the purview of an opponent not necessarily FB's Fact-checkers.
How would you split California, Northern and Southern California, Eastern and Western? Northern, Central Bay, Southern?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suicide_by_hanging Suicide by hanging appears to be the second most popular method after suicide by firearm. *But* drop hanging is a minority of hanging suicides, most of them are done with belts and are done by suspension, like from the top of a door frame, drop hangings are not unknown, but are not as especially common as other suicide by asphyxiation methods. I have seen theories floated that many suicides may actually be auto erotic asphyxiation accidents, but families or investigators may not be aware that the scene is an accidental death as the assumption is often that the person will masturbate while doing it which isn't always the case. https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2013/10/ariel-castro-autoerotic-asphyxiation-how-do-you-tell-a-suicide-from-an-autoerotic-asphyxiation-accident.html Of course I am not suggesting that these cases fit that example, but many suspension hangings may actually be accidents, making the ratio between them slightly smaller. Depending on how many are truly misassessed.
The article has been updated, it was a Hispanic man, and it was adjacent to his apartment complex. Not saying it is impossible, but I find it unlikely that a group of Klansmen did this in the 5th largest city of the US without being seen or heard. Someone doing this quietly in the middle of the night on their own sounds likelier, especially without any sign of struggle.
https://youtu.be/R6K386FES50 In the Novel and Film, "To Kill A Mockingbird", the main character Scout is dressed as a Ham for a School Play about Agriculture. . . . Spoiler: She is then attacked by an antagonist, and the costume is the only thing that keeps her from getting stabbed as the knife gets stuck in the costume.
On paper they seem fairly competitive, but the reality is that China has a far more focused long-term plan for their military, and have been engaging in extraordinarily aggressive modernization efforts. India has been plagued by modernization and procurement issues for years, a common joke by people that follow it is that basically every new project India announces will get cancelled. India has the capability to engage in a fight with China to a scale that China would want to avoid it, but China is the stronger country of the two militarily, and India has fewer allies adjacent to them. China is posturing for Nepalese, and Pakistani assistance. They have better/stronger allies but to the degree that they would step in an help India is unclear as of yet. It would depend on a lot of factors.
https://ultrahd.highdefdigest.com/71645/ghostbustersghostbustersii4kultrahdbluraysteelbook.html The 2016 and the 35th anniversary both have the same HDR10 4K video source, so either are fine, the 35th anniversary just has a nicer steelbook, but is otherwise identical.
Generally Robots built for armies (Star Wars, Terminator), are being dropped into Universes that have tons of equipment laying around designed for humanoids, it is easier to just buy a box of guns that already existed and hand them to a robotrooper. Also a Robot that can pick up and shoot a gun can also put the gun in a holster and drive a car, or grab the arms of a prisoner, or pick up a box, or work a welding torch and do many things. Ultimately a hand is a far more versatile tool than a gun welded to a wrist.
Stubbs was a real person, he actually looked like that, he died in 1995. https://www.stubbsaustin.com/about-stubbs https://www.stubbsbbq.com/en-us/stubbs-story The person who Uncle Ben was based on was not associated with the brand directly, but Stubb was a real man who actually started the restaurants and brand and worked very closely on it until his death, and his family still works with the company today. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_B._%22Stubb%22_Stubblefield
I wonder if there is a good German Cover of it.
The general perception was that rape was a violent act, 'tricking' someone into sex in a funny way wasn't rape. They wouldn't imagine a hero crouching in a bush wearing a balaclava and tackling the pretty cheerleader and having sex with her at gun point, because that was absolutely rape. BUT the pretty cheerleader mistaking you for her boyfriend and having sex with you is just a gotcha trick. Also there was a perception of a greater divide between 'outlandish comedy scenario' and 'shit you should do in real life'. Often people weren't really thinking in terms of influence or cultural perpetuation. Also many of the creators in the 80's were born in the 40's-60's and went through periods in the late 60's and 70's of culture just being an absolute chaotic free for all, free love, tons of substance abuse, porn seeing mainstream acceptance and consideration in society. Out of that you tended to see a distorted view of many things that we would see as 'less acceptable' now, especially for a joke. Also Edit: For an example of unfunny sexual violence from the era, see "Back to the Future", Biff is presented as scum and it's scary and harmful. That's what rape looked like for most people, something deliberate and violent.
Not really interested to much in a debate that will convince his die-hards, but there are a LOT of people sitting on the fence that need a healthy nudge. If nothing else, it will harden the resolve for people to vote for Biden, they will know for sure they are making the correct decision.
https://www.wnyc.org/story/musical-polymath-chilly-gonzales/ I think you might be talking about Chilly Gonzales.
I think they got accosted by Vanilla Ice.
You'd be right. Global consumption of Tea alone is over 270 Billion Liters according to some polling. Over 2 billions cups of coffee are consumed every day, coming out to well over 500,000,000 liters. Expand that out annually and you're looking at 197 Billion Liters. Coca-Cola alone sales over 162 Billion liters of just Coke. In comparison alcohol consumption was 36.5 Billion Liters annually. I think Caffeine is way more popular, since huge swaths of the planet consume it every day, while most people don't drink everyday.
Jesus. A Khyber Gunsmith can build a better gun out of trash in a mud hut over a donkey dung fire.
Nothing has been released if it exists. Just statements from survivors.
Peterson has a lot of problems and it goes deeper than that. I am replying now so I can type it out more in a little bit if someone else doesn't chime in first. EDIT: Jordan Peterson has been criticized for some of the following reasons: 1. Anti-Trans 2. Promotion of Pseudo-Science 3. Doesn't Believe In Climate Change 4. Often engages in a surface-level analysis and criticism of topics that aren't actually connected (i.e. drawing a connection between Marxism and Post-Modernism). I think Jordan has some good things about the things he recommends, but it's general beneficial self-help advice, and it's hard to parse out and separate many of the harmful things that are mixed into that that lead to comorbidities with other forms of extremist Right-Wing thinking. Peterson is a smart guy, and has made many good points about many things, but the way he promotes certain talking points has bolstered the Alt-Right regardless of his claimed desire to not be associated with them. Peterson shouldn't be believed and accepted wholesale without healthy criticism and consideration of the dangerous implications of many of his points.
"We got our fucking asses beat rough, my men called me ... They're there drinking now ... many have gone missing ... it's a total fuck up, it sucks, another takedown ... Everybody, you know, treats us like pieces of shit ... They beat our asses like we were little pieces of shit ... but our fucking government will go in reverse now, and nobody will respond or anything, and nobody will punish anyone for this ... So these are our casualties. Out of all vehicles, only one tank survived and one BRDM after the attack, all other BRDMs and tanks were destroyed in the first minutes of the fight, right away. ...They basically formed a convoy, but did not get to their fucking positions by some 300 meters. One unit moved forward, the convoy remained in place, about 300 meters from the others. The others raised the American fucking flag, and their artillery started fucking ours really hard. Then their fucking choppers flew in and started fucking everybody. Ours just running around. Just got a call from a pal, so there are about 215 fucking killed. They simply rolled ours out fucking hard. Made their point. What the fuck ours were hoping for in there?! That they will fucking run away themselves? Hoped to fucking scare them away? Lots of people fucked so bad [they] can't be fucking ID'd. There was no foot soldiers [on the American side]; they simply fucked our convoy with artillery." You can tell he is a grunt because 50% of his vocabulary is "fuck".
I am hoping just immediately knowing Texas, Florida, and Georgia all turned blue this election. I want an early freakish win, and go to bed happy. Or lose my mind and start taking shots. I don't know, lot more year to fit into this year.
Wow, this is ridiculously accurate.
Yea, as long as the cup of coffee is under 60 cents to make, you are getting a profit. You have to keep production prices under 30% of the sales price. You can push it further if it is commonly purchased with something else with a really good margin.
I think there is room to criticize 1619 for sensationalizing something that was already such a nightmare that it didn't need sensationalizing. https://www.reddit.com/r/CynicalHistory/comments/gdoe1h/heres_the_thing_with_the_1619_project/ https://youtu.be/5EOhXF5lNgQ Especially since it provides fuel for the other side to pull a 'Well Aktualllllyyy', about facts that get distorted.
How is a blatantly Neo-Nazi sub still up and running? Is it even quarantined?
I will go to a theater if they have 50% spaced seating and will wear my facemask.
Good God Almighty.
Not if you use a dental dam.
There is always time.
Depends on what kind of Jews your family are.
I would argue mostly not, but a significant portion of Jews have passing privilege. But the definition 'white' makes no sense and has arbitrarily expanded for over a century to encompass more and more European and European Adjacent Regions and peoples. Jews only started getting counted as 'white' in the 1980's in America, and we sure as hell have been consistently treated as an 'other'. So I would say we got a seat on the White Council but we don't get the rank of White Master.
Replying to check them out later.
I forget about saved comments too easily.
Hardly. Lincoln made statements to try to defend himself from slavery supporters that were attacking him in the 1858 debates. Otherwise he hardly ever talked about race. He was trying to convince people he agreed with the majority opinion at the time so he could get elected and fight for abolitionism. His earlier typical of the era views on race were further altered during the war when he met with Frederick Douglas and Black UNION Soldiers, and he moved further towards racial equality. Claiming he had a 'well-known disdain' is absolutely ahistorical. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abraham_Lincoln_and_slavery
If only you had continued reading... "Douglass attested to Lincoln's genuine respect for him and other blacks and to the wisdom of Lincoln's course of action in obtaining both the preservation of the Union (his sworn duty as president) and the freeing of the slaves. In an 1876 speech at the unveiling of the Freedmen's Monument in Memory of Abraham Lincoln (later renamed the [Emancipation Memorial](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emancipation_Memorial)), he defended Lincoln's actions:[[96]](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abraham_Lincoln_and_slavery#cite_note-Douglass-96) "His great mission was to accomplish two things: first, to save his country from dismemberment and ruin; and, second, to free his country from the great crime of slavery. To do one or the other, or both, he must have the earnest sympathy and the powerful cooperation of his loyal fellow-countrymen. Without this primary and essential condition to success his efforts must have been vain and utterly fruitless. Had he put the abolition of slavery before the salvation of the Union, he would have inevitably driven from him a powerful class of the American people and rendered resistance to rebellion impossible. Viewed from the genuine abolition ground, Mr. Lincoln seemed tardy, cold, dull, and indifferent; but measuring him by the sentiment of his country, a sentiment he was bound as a statesman to consult, he was swift, zealous, radical, and determined… Taking him for all in all, measuring the tremendous magnitude of the work before him, considering the necessary means to ends, and surveying the end from the beginning, infinite wisdom has seldom sent any man into the world better fitted for his mission than Abraham Lincoln.""
Which once again supports everything I have said... Lincoln made some speeches trying to make himself look like he held the typical standard beliefs of the day. Douglass and everyone else clearly recognized that this was necessary as an abolitionist running on total equality and getting destroyed in elections would continue handing over power to slavers. That is blatantly clear to historians, anyone engaging in this revisionism in 2020 is either a bad actor or simply willfully ignorant of what it takes to win elections either now and especially then.
He criticized the original Marble test design which he said they rightfully changed to make it more evident that the slave was rising of his own accord: "The original group was in Italian marble, and differs in some respects from the bronze now to be inaugurated. In the original, the kneeling slave is represented as perfectly passive, receiving the boon of freedom from the hand of the great liberator. But the artist justly changed this, to bring the presentation nearer to the historical fact, by making the emancipated slave an agent in his own deliverance. He is accordingly represented as exerting his own strength with strained muscles in breaking the chain which had bound him. A far greater degree of dignity and vigor, as well as of historical accuracy, is thus imparted. " https://transcription.si.edu/project/12955
Fucking yes. Abolitionists playing to racist crowds like they are good-old boy racists to win elections so they can destroy a racist system is better than being honest all the time, and fucking handing over elections to slavers. What kind of question is that, does it matter? Jesus Christ.
Building a statue to honor someone isn't deifying them. Washington was complicated, but also one of the most important Americans in history. His faults can be addressed with plaques and honest appraisal of his actions in context.
!ping GEFILTE
Hitler was not Jewish.
Not by any legitimate historian ever. There were not by any means 'a lot' of Jewish Nazis. Many people that had distant Jewish heritage they were either unaware of or ashamed of, but no practicing Jews. Jefferson Davis was by no means a Jew, he was a practicing Episcopalian. Benjamin P. Judah was a Cabinet Member of the Confederacy but he did not 'run it'. The Confederation were also not Nazis and Hitler had nothing to do with them, so mentioning it is a non sequitur.
It is a historic statue paid for by Free Men during the Grant administration and inaugurated by Fredrick Douglass. It was clear by all in attendance and by the Free Men who paid for it that it represented Lincoln telling a slave to rise and free himself through his own strength. "The original group was in Italian marble, and differs in some respects from the bronze now to be inaugurated. In the original, the kneeling slave is represented as perfectly passive, receiving the boon of freedom from the hand of the great liberator. But the artist justly changed this, to bring the presentation nearer to the historical fact, by making the emancipated slave an agent in his own deliverance. He is accordingly represented as exerting his own strength with strained muscles in breaking the chain which had bound him. A far greater degree of dignity and vigor, as well as of historical accuracy, is thus imparted. " https://transcription.si.edu/project/12955 It would take 10 seconds of googling to learn the context. If someone wants to willfully misinterpret such a historically rich moment, then they are hopeless.
https://www.latimes.com/archives/la-xpm-1996-12-24-mn-12209-story.html Almost all of them had partial Jewish ancestry and practically none were practicing Jews. At it's height the Wehrmacht had well over 18 Million personnel, this article states the numbers at 1,200, but that they commanded hundreds of thousands of men, not that those hundreds of thousands were all Jewish. That is .006% of the Wehrmacht. Hardly 'many'. More like a dust mite's worth had partial Jewish ancestry but did not see themselves as Jewish.
It is highly unlikely it will get enough support for it to happen.
Auntie Pho.
I think China doesn't have much to really lose. They get into a fight with India and "win", then they show that they aren't a force to be trifled with, even by one of the largest militaries in the world, while getting a bunch of battle hardened soldiers with real world experience who then can get promoted into the Officer Corps. If they get into a fight with India and "lose", then they show that they are still willing to get into a potentially costly fight when pushed, get real world practice coordinating with Pakistan and Nepal as regional allies, and still get the same benefit of getting a bunch of soldiers with real-world experience who can get passed up into the Officer corps. The end of the day, no matter what happens, is some kind of end-game win condition for China, the smartest move may be to see what can be done to deny them any kind of real-world experience with a peer. China cares about where their military is going to be in 15-30 years when many people estimate they will have greater parity with their true rival, The United States, being able to defeat the US in a fight in a couple of decades is I suspect what they care about way more.
I mean it's 8,000 signatures in a country of 320+ Million. We probably have more people that think the world is flat than have signed this petition.
In the Industrial Age though.
As someone with a History focus for what I went to school for... right into my veins, thank you.
To do what? Just to let some other Officer that they might think a buffoon go and bungle it up worse? To avoid fighting Native groups that represented real military threats?
Just 1% of Gen Z joining the military would provide them nearly 3 million personnel. China wants an experienced and professional military. They are going to have a pool of around 300 million people between the ages of 15 and 35 in that time frame, even if it isn't true and they are going to see a demographic crunch, they are investigating the same methods that other militaries are putting research in by investing in supplementary drone technology. Having an Officer Corp that has seen warfare is more important than having a massive military. If anything the potential of a demographic crunch gives them further incentive to accelerate moving towards a smaller professional military.
1. I'm queer. 2. I could totally respect a Politician who *was* that. I simply have a wider view of what the gay community actually is and am not going to claim a politician is or isn't gay enough because they do or don't conform to some stereotypical expectation that straight people have of what it means to 'act gay'. The LGBT experience is a wide one and can encompass an extraordinarily wide array of people. I am never going to accuse a politician of not being 'gay enough' if they are just acting like an average politician. My point isn't that my strawman is a bad person, it's that straight people tend to have a very narrow range of what it means to be a gay politician.
China. As I have said elsewhere, China is in a win-win situation. They fight and 'win', they show they aren't to be trifled with and gain battle hardened veterans to pass up into the ranks and get the experience they desperately need to turn their force into a more professional organization. They fight and 'lose', they still get experience coordinating with regional allies, get valuable information about where their weaknesses are, and still get the Veterans they want and need to move up the ranks. The best end condition for India is to do things to deter China from moving forward while doing everything possible to deny them the veterans and experience they are on the hunt for.
Ice Cream Parlors typically prep 3 gallon tubs, and there are 55 scoops per tub, with average retail price being $2-3.50 per scoop. Meaning we are looking at 40-22.8 Million scoops of Ice Cream.
Cervantes died 3 years before the first slaves arrived in North America, and nearly 25 years before it began to ramp up as an actual enterprise as opposed to something that just occasionally occurred typically as a side effect of raiding or piracy. Racism as we know it today is largely a side effect of movements to rationalize the Transatlantic Slave Trade as a moral endeavor. Thus you saw the emergence of attempts to explain the necessity or goodness of it either because of the necessity to 'civilize' the people under slavery, or because they were a lesser people. Bigotry or Prejudice that Cervantes could have had (not necessarily that he *did* have) would have been in a cultural/national/religious context, and would be different from how we understand racism now. In fact Cervantes himself was captured by Barbary Pirates in 1575, and kept as a slave in Algiers for 5 Years: https://www.bbc.com/culture/article/20160421-when-cervantes-was-captured-by-pirates I can only imagine he would have a rather dim view of slavers because of this experience.
Racism as we know it today *absolutely is* about the slave trade. I explained that bigotry from that century would largely be along a cultural/religious/national axis and not about a racial one. Again the concept of 'racial superiority' is a concept that emerged out of necessity to explain away the slave trade as being 'moral', someone who died before the Slave Trade evolved to a point to need this explanation would not have had a conception of racial supremacy as we think of it today. Saying Cervantes perhaps had some of the prejudices of his age, sure. Saying Cervantes was most likely racist, No, as the concept had not occurred to people in the way we think of it *today*.
Yes it does. Racism in a modern conception has only been around since effectively the 15th-16th century. Other Prejudices existed before, but the modern conception of, "Our people are better naturally because of our blood", is a fairly new concept historically speaking. Jews weren't oppressed in the classical era because the Roman's felt they were genetically inferior, they were oppressed because they would not accept new rulers and religions. The Roman's fought with the Jews because of their unwillingness to accept Roman culture, rules, and the Pantheon, not because they were 'less than'. Chinese conceptions of Racism would have had no bearing on a 15th Century Spaniard's philosophy in regards to concepts of race. Everything you listed is about the other bigotries and prejudices I mentioned. Prejudice existed before the modern conception of Racism, Racism is an arbitrary invention that replaced older cultural/religious/national conceptions of prejudice, it was seen as necessary because the inferiority needed to be something in-built, as opposed to something that could be unlearned.
Lincoln, like all politicians, had to signal to voting publics who often may hold opinions that are quite illiberal and at odds with the desires and objectives of said politician. Lincoln was *always* anti-slavery, he never wavered from that position. The idea that he would present more "acceptable" ideas to a largely Anti-Abolitionist Public, and then try and go a step further in his actual actions, isn't just supported by the actions he took during his actual Presidency, but by centuries of precedence for how Politicians behave. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lac-8tTuyhs
Here is the statement of what the statue represents by Frederick Douglass on the inauguration. "The original group was in Italian marble, and differs in some respects from the bronze now to be inaugurated. In the original, the kneeling slave is represented as perfectly passive, receiving the boon of freedom from the hand of the great liberator. But the artist justly changed this, to bring the presentation nearer to the historical fact, by making the emancipated slave an agent in his own deliverance. He is accordingly represented as exerting his own strength with strained muscles in breaking the chain which had bound him. A far greater degree of dignity and vigor, as well as of historical accuracy, is thus imparted. " https://transcription.si.edu/project/12955
"The original group was in Italian marble, and differs in some respects from the bronze now to be inaugurated. In the original, the kneeling slave is represented as perfectly passive, receiving the boon of freedom from the hand of the great liberator. But the artist justly changed this, to bring the presentation nearer to the historical fact, by making the emancipated slave an agent in his own deliverance. He is accordingly represented as exerting his own strength with strained muscles in breaking the chain which had bound him. A far greater degree of dignity and vigor, as well as of historical accuracy, is thus imparted. " - Frederick Douglass. https://transcription.si.edu/project/12955 The Statue was paid for by donations from Freed Slaves, it was put up by people that personally knew Lincoln while he was alive, within a decade of his death, during the Grant Administration. The idea that it should be "taken down" is an insult to the Freed Slaves who pooled together their money to build *this* statue to honor Lincoln. It shouldn't be taken down because modern eyes want to willfully misinterpret the events taking place in the statue.
In his statement in the speech, it seems his focus was on the original Marble test piece, which was changed. ""The original group was in Italian marble, and differs in some respects from the bronze now to be inaugurated. In the original, the kneeling slave is represented as perfectly passive, receiving the boon of freedom from the hand of the great liberator. But the artist justly changed this, to bring the presentation nearer to the historical fact, by making the emancipated slave an agent in his own deliverance. He is accordingly represented as exerting his own strength with strained muscles in breaking the chain which had bound him. A far greater degree of dignity and vigor, as well as of historical accuracy, is thus imparted. " https://transcription.si.edu/project/12955
It's a statue not of him kneeling but of him RISING. "The original group was in Italian marble, and differs in some respects from the bronze now to be inaugurated. In the original, the kneeling slave is represented as perfectly passive, receiving the boon of freedom from the hand of the great liberator. But the artist justly changed this, to bring the presentation nearer to the historical fact, by making the emancipated slave an agent in his own deliverance. He is accordingly represented as exerting his own strength with strained muscles in breaking the chain which had bound him. A far greater degree of dignity and vigor, as well as of historical accuracy, is thus imparted. " https://transcription.si.edu/project/12955
There has been a small petition to remove the Emancipation Monument because people have misinterpreted the presentation of the figures in the statue. In the Statue Lincoln is telling a slave to rise, and the slave is in the process of breaking his chains and rising to his feet, his muscles straining. People have misinterpreted the arrangement of a Slave bowing to Lincoln like he is a master and the slave is subservient to him. This interpretation was intended neither by the Sculptor, nor by the Free Men who paid for the statue, nor was it what the public interpreted it as, as reflected by the inauguration statements, the sculpture was actually changed to make it LESS ambiguous. "The original group was in Italian marble, and differs in some respects from the bronze now to be inaugurated. In the original, the kneeling slave is represented as perfectly passive, receiving the boon of freedom from the hand of the great liberator. But the artist justly changed this, to bring the presentation nearer to the historical fact, by making the emancipated slave an agent in his own deliverance. He is accordingly represented as exerting his own strength with strained muscles in breaking the chain which had bound him. A far greater degree of dignity and vigor, as well as of historical accuracy, is thus imparted. " https://transcription.si.edu/project/12955
Lincoln was a Progressive who had to fight tooth and nail to win elections against Slavery supporters. Lincoln played to a largely white supremacist electorate to win elections and eventually gain enough power to destroy Slavery. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lac-8tTuyhs Politicians have done this since the beginning of time, Lincoln most likely twisting his words to appear to be more racist than he actually was is not a character fault, but merely the savvy politicking of a Abolitionist fighting to sway an EXTREMELY racist electorate.
Those are the Douglas debates, again, he was simply trying to signal to a largely racist electorate.
There are already a coalition of Moderate and Southern Democrats that tend to be more conservative on Abortion rights, and tend to be more hands off on guns rights. Keeping Texas wouldn't require a party split as that faction already exists in the Democratic Party, they would be the ones who could conceivably appeal to both Black Voters, Latinos, and Moderate Suburban Whites. As far as Republicans are concerned, they would need to strengthen Moderate Republicans and re-liberalize their approach to Civil rights, and immigration. Many Latino voters would absolutely vote for Republicans on social issues but feel alienated because of their stand on immigration issues/the wall/DACA/etc. A New Movement to energize black and latino voters, turn over a new leaf and admit failures to meeting the needs of those communities, but appealing to their strong socially conservative religious base could absolutely be a strategy to start pulling them over, but perhaps at the risk of alienating many rural whites.
Are there *a lot* more White Nationalists around here lately? Especially around the discussion of Lincoln there were at least 2-3 people up-front with being White Nationalists or dog whistling before getting banned or blocking them. Are trying to ramp up targeting NL, or is this just a semi-normal amount and I have been unfortunate enough to notice them before they got the hammer? Where the hell are they coming from? !ping Extremism
Not everyone's gay experience will be the same, he has never been anything but upfront and honest about himself. I feel we need to stop playing purity tests with gay politicians, and simply focus on how they can be better in the future, not by the absurd attacks on them for the opinion that he hasn't done enough. Not every gay politician should have to focus in on only queer issues, in fact they can't if they want to gain power and momentum on a national stage. A 'boring' 'not queer enough' politician can do a lot towards altering perceptions of heterosexual people towards what LGBT people are. The electorate is still significantly biased, and I see Buttigieg for LGBT people in more of a way Kennedy was for Catholics in 1960.
They crack down on phones because people involved with organized crime need to have their ability to communicate with the rest of their network tightly controlled. Phones being smuggled in and people communicating with the outside world are big problems so they upped penalties for it. Someone willingly surrendering a phone that wasn't taken off of them during a pat down should absolutely not be lumped in with that issue.
There are a LOT of important figures of Western Civilization that deserve statues more than Columbus. There should be a lot more statues to Jonas Salk and Norman Borlaug than there are of Columbus. The dichotomy of Columbus isn't Marx.
You can oppose someone destroying a statue to an American hero, support Black Lives Matter, Desire for broad policing and justice reforms, and make fun of Trump. None of those are inconsistent. **Addendum:** We can also acknowledge that Justice System reform is *far* more important than the statues, but just like someone can both learn they have throat cancer *and* get a crack in their windshield the same day, then be bothered by both even if they acknowledge that the cancer is a bigger deal and requires more focus and energy.
This sucks so much, just two months of work flushed down the toilet.
Fascinating, so sorry that happened to you, but that's a really amazing story.
I mean it's complicated. Handing it over voluntarily should absolutely not lump you in with those people. The issue was clearly with not patting him down thoroughly enough and not explaining the rules to him. But trying to hide a phone and bring it in is absolutely a big problem, even if you don't mean to, someone is going to find out you have a phone and stab you for it. But organized crime is engaging in an organized and coordinated smuggling campaign. https://www.nbcnews.com/news/corrections/southern-prisons-have-smuggled-cellphone-problem-n790251 https://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=6248833 https://www.oregonlive.com/pacific-northwest-news/2018/06/contraband_cell_phones_are_lat.html The problem is real and significant, if someone gets a phone smuggled in they are endangering themselves or others by what they could do with uncontrolled communication with the outside world. Of course discretion should be used in regards to the punishment, like in this case, where the phone was handed over early, and seemed like a genuine mistake, but this is a major problem and there is a clear reason why the punishments are so severe.
Increased polarization and extremist signaling has led to an increase in Far-Right Terrorism, and could conceivably lead to a similar increase in Far-Left Terrorism. A functional NatSec apparatus that isn't having incompetent or antagonistic cronies assigned to leadership roles is necessary to deal with that rise in extremist actions. We need to stop having the government ignore them at best, and stop downright dog whistling to them at worst. https://www.csis.org/analysis/escalating-terrorism-problem-united-states A Biden administration would take all of the steps necessary to address this rise and push it back. He is interested in NatSec, and is not interested in trying to utilize extremists as useful idiots. **Edit:** This seems to be getting a lot of downvotes, which part of this do people have a problem with? **Domestic Terrorism is a growing concern:** https://www.wired.com/story/oklahoma-city-bombing-christopher-wray/amp https://www.csis.org/analysis/rise-far-right-extremism-united-states/ https://www.fbi.gov/news/testimony/confronting-the-rise-in-anti-semitic-domestic-terrorism https://www.washingtonpost.com/national-security/domestic-terror--particularly-white-supremacist-violence--as-big-a-threat-as-isis-al-qaeda-dhs-says/2019/09/20/dff8aa4e-dbad-11e9-bfb1-849887369476_story.html https://www.nytimes.com/2020/02/25/us/domestic-terrorism-laws.html http://visionofhumanity.org/global-terrorism-index/far-right-attacks-in-the-west-surge-by-320-per-cent/ https://scholarship.law.duke.edu/djcil/vol29/iss2/1/ **Trump Appointees have redirected resources away from fighting this:** https://www.latimes.com/politics/story/2019-08-05/trump-officials-have-redirected-resources-from-countering-far-right-racism-fueled-domestic-terrorism https://time.com/5647304/white-nationalist-terrorism-united-states/ https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/security/reports/2019/03/07/467022/confronting-domestic-right-wing-terrorist-threat/ **Trump has inspired a rise in politically extreme actions and terrorism:** https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2018/11/trump-administration-tree-of-life-shooting-domestic-terrorism https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/blame-abc-news-finds-17-cases-invoking-trump/story?id=58912889 https://www.nytimes.com/2019/08/05/opinion/trump-white-supremacy.html https://www.brookings.edu/blog/markaz/2017/01/30/why-trumps-policies-will-increase-terrorism-and-why-trump-might-benefit-as-a-result/ https://www.cnn.com/2019/08/08/politics/white-extremism-us/index.html https://www.bbc.com/news/amp/world-us-canada-38149406 https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2019/03/22/trumps-rhetoric-does-inspire-more-hate-crimes/ https://www.brookings.edu/blog/fixgov/2019/08/14/trump-and-racism-what-do-the-data-say/ https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/ng-interactive/2019/aug/28/in-the-name-of-trump-supporters-attacks-database **Biden has made statements about pushing back against domestic terrorism:** https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2019-09-15/biden-draws-domestic-terror-line-from-birmingham-to-el-paso https://joebiden.com/joe-biden-and-the-jewish-community-a-record-and-a-plan-of-friendship-support-and-action/ https://abcnews.go.com/US/joe-biden-rebukes-white-supremacy-56th-memorial-observance/story?id=65625674 https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2019/08/07/joe-biden-reminded-all-us-what-presidential-president-would-sound-like/ https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/meet-the-press/blog/meet-press-blog-latest-news-analysis-data-driving-political-discussion-n988541/ncrd1054556 Then of course the subject of the article, experienced National Security representatives saying Biden is the clear choice. I just feel the suggestion that Biden would do a better job at fighting Domestic Violent Extremism is a fairly uncontroversial take.
When those minority political viewpoints are, "Let's start a race war by engaging in acts of terrorism against racial minorities.", or "Let's start a revolution by engaging in acts of terrorism against businesses". Yes, I am unequivocally in support of crushing them. If you want to be a quiet little Nazi in the woods, fine go live in your shitty compound and keep to yourself. The moment you start building bombs to attack a Federal building, start practicing "Help, help, I'm being repressed!".
Where did I compare the two? By 'attack businesses', I meant actual bombings or murders, vandalism isn't terrorism and I never equated the two.
*Everyone* isn't a political extremist. I am saying we need to focus more resources on fighting political extremists. The FBI has been told to divest attention and resources away from fighting Far-right domestic terrorism by Trump officials. I added an article detailing that above. There is a huge leap between wanting the National security apparatus to do its job fighting terrorism and saying we need a police state to crack down on *everyone*. I never asked for or suggested that. On the contrary I want us to ramp up and refocus efforts on fighting violent political extremists who are planning hate crimes and mass casualty events.
Attempted murder for what you believe to be a good reason is still attempted murder.
You know what the Bhutan is? It's a sitting duck; a road apple, /u/funnystor. The Bhutan is weak. It's feeeeeble. ✊
Can I have a Lion?
Yes, there are way cheaper plains for COIN ops, and way better planes for peer-to-peer stand-up fights. Let the A-10 retire, or gut them all, add that expanded fuel tank, and convert them all into drones.
The first known reading assistant technology were reading stones around 1000 AD, the first eyeglasses were made in the 1200's. By the 15th century, Eyeglasses looked rather "modern", and a contemporary pair of eyeglasses wouldn't look out of place, as many of them were quite ornate with intricate decorative carvings, colored glass, or paint. No one would be "freaked out" by them, perhaps intrigued about their design, but eyeglasses were well known and have been utilized in some form for nearly a thousand years by the 21st century. http://www.antiquespectacles.com/history/ages/through_the_ages.htm
I can't imagine Gore almost calling people racist fucks and it being just a blip.
Fuck yes.
Goddannit.
I can't tell anymore.
Yea the conflict between if the Revolution can occur in just one country and springboard into adjacent countries or if it absolutely HAS to happen internationally around the same time has been a big point of debate for a century.
I mean you can be Anti-Mainstream Communism, or what most people think of when they think of Communism. I know at least a few Utopian Socialists/Communists that dislike Marxism primarily because of it's necessity for violence.
I would love to do that, but at the same time I felt starting with the Graphical ones and seeing what could be done to bring them up to steam a little bit would be an easier place to start.
Perhaps if we go with the idea that she was designed to explore Extraterrestrial Environments, they put weapons on her on the off-change she encounters something hostile. Space is a big place and they just aren't sure if Aliens are out there or not, so their drones are armed just in case.
"Hey, this place doesn't have blood splatter on the ceiling of the elevator... I don't know if i'll be able to afford this."
Just a heads up, this is confusing to look at with lots of conflicting colors, and far too text dense, it's INCREDIBLY busy, with a great deal of data density, and bits of data that you have to move your head from side to side to read, it's hard to read and hurts my eyes. I made a more minimalist version here, along with a B&amp;W version that can be easily xeroxed and reads easier. https://imgur.com/a/0i5aMdV If needs to be easy to read from a distance and the information you need "WHEN" and "WHERE" need to be as big as possible, and be the easiest parts to read.
GOTTEM.
Once I get home from work I can make an extended version with the volunteer number, I forgot to add that.
Test engines have been built that can burn hydrogen, which only produces water vapor, and no CO2. Also there have been a lot of tests using hydrogen fuel cells, and electric-hybrid motors, and new lighter materials. As a stop-gap between carbon neutral technologies, we could convert a lot of aircraft to natural gas, which could be adapted to quicker, produces WAY less CO2 than traditional jet fuels. There is also the prospect of synthetic fuels directly from atmospheric CO2: https://www.marketplace.org/2019/10/10/a-new-jet-fuel-offers-the-prospect-of-no-carbon-guilt-free-flying/ There is a lot that could/should be done to make flying cleaner in the short term.
I feel like I am one of the most pro-2nd people on the forum, own several, definitely lean towards the "Gay People should be able to guard their marijuana crops with assault weapons" meme. That being said, Trump is so bad that I am more than willing to take a bad Biden policy on something I wish he would change his signaling on. Getting Trump out of office is worth 4 years of risking more gun control, without question. I think the AWB was largely ineffective and cost the Dems heavily during the midterms. It wasn't worth the cost at all. A Neo-AWB would be just as ineffective, and probably cost the Dems again. There are far more nuanced and less politically costly moves that could do a lot more about reducing gun crime than pushing more gun control. Negotiated gang disarmament and mediation, disassembling gang networks by providing job outreach, marijuana decriminalization and legalization, health care reforms that include better mental health services, pushing a program to try to reduce stigmatizing or punishing people for seeking mental help, all off the top of my head.
That appeals to a lot of people.
Reform Sweden
Are all of these people the same race? [1](https://www.jta.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/1-14-20-elior4.jpg) [2](https://encyclopedia.ushmm.org/images/large/71a18010-d4ee-4fcd-8264-35d21c187d8b.jpg.pagespeed.ce.4H9tfmiEFa.jpg) [3](https://images.jpost.com/image/upload/f_auto,fl_lossy/t_JD_ArticleMainImageFaceDetect/401729.jpg) [4](https://media2.s-nbcnews.com/j/streams/2013/October/131008/8C9313388-131008-einsteinphoto-hmed-1055a-files.fit-2000w.jpg) [5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gal_Gadot#/media/File:Gal_Gadot_cropped_lighting_corrected_2b.jpg) [6](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/M/MV5BMTM4OTkwNzg3NF5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTcwMjc5NjcyNw@@._V1_UX214_CR0,0,214,317_AL_.jpg) [7](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/31/Sammy_Davis_Jr._1972.jpg) [8](https://www.ijn.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/Edelkopfs.jpg) [9](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/M/MV5BMTY4Mjg0NjIxOV5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTcwMTM2NTI3MQ@@._V1_UX214_CR0,0,214,317_AL_.jpg) [10](https://i0.wp.com/www.jweekly.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Valtmanohr-japaneseguys-crop.jpg?resize=1280%2C720px&amp;ssl=1) [11](https://cdni0.trtworld.com/w960/h540/q75/8316-trtworld-389035-427922.jpg) [12](https://static.timesofisrael.com/www/uploads/2018/11/Simantov-shows-his-book-e1542375528554-1024x640.jpg) [13](https://www.kkl-jnf.org/files/News_archive/September2017/Mexico/FDI.jpg) [14](https://besttv232-ynet-images1-prod.cdn.it.best-tv.com/PicServer4/2016/03/01/6851211/68511972991092640360no.jpg) [15](https://www.gstatic.com/tv/thumb/persons/71364/71364_v9_ba.jpg)
The question was, is the Right of Return Racist. I showed a large collection of Jews, all of whom would qualify for Right of Return. If there is no prejudice or parsing of these different people, even though that have different races, then we are forced to conclude that it is not racist or discriminating in a modern western sense of the term 'racist', which is categorizing people by physical characteristics that we understand and call 'race'. It is selective based on religious/cultural framework, which is *generally* connected to a ethnicity, but which is not necessary to be a Jew. The question wasn't is it prejudice, or does it engage in selection between Jews and Non-Jews, because yes it does. The question was, is it racist, and if literally any race can be Jewish and return, then no it isn't.
Negotiated gang disarmament and mediation, disassembling gang networks by providing job outreach, marijuana decriminalization and legalization, health care reforms that include better mental health services, pushing a program to try to reduce stigmatizing or punishing people for seeking mental help, all off the top of my head.
*Rich Evans screaming about Neil Breen's scrotum.*
I am Sephardim, and I think most people just assume I am a random olive complexion guy, also people when they find out I am Jewish usually claim "I knew it!" And proclaim I look like 'X' Jewish Celebrity, with X almost always being someone different and often celebrities that look nothing alike.
Yea, I have had effort posts about carbon taxes and large scale international programs to suck carbon out of the air heavily downvoted by nihilistic collapse obsessed doomers. Which is in many ways as dangerous as the 'climate change no real' crowd.
I don't wish to say anything double ungood.
Imagine looking at the Khmer Rogue literally smashing so many infants into mush that they left a permanent indention into a tree. Then declaring, no, a regulated progressive free market is much worse.
Because India needs a full procurement gutting and reform.
Yea, and it utterly trashed it, but the Populist types had been funneling in at least since before 2016, and the Moderate and Traditional voices got more and more drowned out until it become insufferable.
So, "Bamboozled".
"The original group was in Italian marble, and differs in some respects from the bronze now to be inaugurated. In the original, the kneeling slave is represented as perfectly passive, receiving the boon of freedom from the hand of the great liberator. But the artist justly changed this, to bring the presentation nearer to the historical fact, by making the emancipated slave an agent in his own deliverance. He is accordingly represented as exerting his own strength with strained muscles in breaking the chain which had bound him. A far greater degree of dignity and vigor, as well as of historical accuracy, is thus imparted. " It is what the sculptor intended. He is in the process of rising and breaking his chains, Lincoln is making a gesture freeing him that is a reference to classical art. The slave isn't bowing down to Lincoln, that wasn't what was intended.
"The original group was in Italian marble, and differs in some respects from the bronze now to be inaugurated. In the original, the kneeling slave is represented as perfectly passive, receiving the boon of freedom from the hand of the great liberator. But the artist justly changed this, to bring the presentation nearer to the historical fact, by making the emancipated slave an agent in his own deliverance. He is accordingly represented as exerting his own strength with strained muscles in breaking the chain which had bound him. A far greater degree of dignity and vigor, as well as of historical accuracy, is thus imparted. " During his actual speech his criticism was focused on the original marble sample piece, and was thankful the design was changed to make it more clear that the slave was rising of his own accord.
"The original group was in Italian marble, and differs in some respects from the bronze now to be inaugurated. In the original, the kneeling slave is represented as perfectly passive, receiving the boon of freedom from the hand of the great liberator. But the artist justly changed this, to bring the presentation nearer to the historical fact, by making the emancipated slave an agent in his own deliverance. He is accordingly represented as exerting his own strength with strained muscles in breaking the chain which had bound him. A far greater degree of dignity and vigor, as well as of historical accuracy, is thus imparted."
They knew what it would look like for years beforehand, since the artist Thomas Ball had made a marble sample version of it that was submitted to the commission and several changes were made from the original. In fact in his speech Douglass was quite familiar with the original design, and eluded to how the changes made in the design made the meaning of the statue clearer. "The original group was in Italian marble, and differs in some respects from the bronze now to be inaugurated. In the original, the kneeling slave is represented as perfectly passive, receiving the boon of freedom from the hand of the great liberator. But the artist justly changed this, to bring the presentation nearer to the historical fact, by making the emancipated slave an agent in his own deliverance. He is accordingly represented as exerting his own strength with strained muscles in breaking the chain which had bound him. A far greater degree of dignity and vigor, as well as of historical accuracy, is thus imparted. "
The Slave has broken his chains of his own power and is in the middle of rising to be equal to Lincoln. Lincoln is making a gesture that is a reference to classical art work, and it is a reference to Roman rituals to free slaves. The Slave is not kneeling at his feet, but is rising to stand next to him as equals. It's trying to catch it in the beginning of the action.
I mean it can he condensed in a single sentence. "The Man is in the process of standing up, not kneeling."
I feel like a plaque with a single paragraph of information could absolutely explain everything that is needed to know to put it in context.
https://www.politiscales.net/ https://www.isidewith.com/political-quiz https://rightvaluestest.github.io/ These might help you understand where you fall value-wise, and what you learn towards. The Political Compass test that gets passed around is mostly trash, and heavily biased, I feel like the Politiscales test isn't perfect but is far less terrible than most political tests.
If only we could get it in Latin or something classical.
Most of those designs look like flags for the Terran Federation.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_of_Mississippi Basically the Federal government can't really 'force' them to change their flag, and the voters largely support the current design, partially for tradition sake, partially because of 'Lost Cause' popularity (For more on The Lost Cause myth, see: https://youtu.be/5EOhXF5lNgQ ), partially because of a popularity of the Confederate flag as a generic symbol of Southern pride and rebellion, partially because Yanks want them to change it, and partially (maybe not so partially) because of genuine racism and clinging to white supremacy. It has been incredibly controversial with active protests bringing it up every few years since the 80's, and some proposals have been made by legislators to drop it after large hate crimes like the Charleston Church Shooting. Mississippi though is also BIG into college sports, and the NCAA (the main organization that oversees American Football and Basketball and Baseball ((and basically nearly every other sport)) at the College level) recently came out hard against Confed symbols or prominence at games and said that they won't allow games in states that allow it basically killing all College sports in Mississippi. https://www.cbssports.com/college-football/news/ncaa-expands-confederate-flag-policy-prevents-championship-events-from-being-held-in-mississippi/amp/ Thus forcing Mississippi's hand unless they want their pride and joy, their collegiate sports teams, to crash and burn and never play a home game again.
What is his favorite movie of the 21st century so far.
I guess you have to listen to Gen Z gamers.
What the fuck.
Hey shower thought, why do we call Das Kapital; Das Kapital, and not "The Capital". But we call The Communist Manifesto; The Communist Manifesto, and not "Manifest der Kommunistischen Partei". Like we should either use the German for both, or the English for both, instead of flipping and flopping back and forth like a bunch of wieners.
Yea, ultimately I think you have the answer, "Das Kapital" sounds kind of cool, like "Das Boot" vs. "The Boat". While "Manifest der Kommunistischen" is a mouthful, and doesn't really have a mystique to at least give you an excuse to use the longer and more complicated name.
I actually make a vegan queso, the base of it is a LOT of whole garlic cloves that I brown lightly and emulsify with a hand blender in vegetable-based butter and olive oil. I also put a lot of toasted pepitas in it as well.
OH MY GOD, if they actually got banned..
There are rumors that changes are coming to the content policy in regards to radical politicking and racism, so a bunch of sub-reddits are all getting the axe all at once. Several Far-Right subs are rumored to be hit, and there have also been discussions of some far-left boards also getting the axe because of discussions about political violence going a bit too far.
https://youtu.be/9RRGvAB4HF8?t=26
The USSR was a geo-political foe in every sense of the word, the Cold War was MUCH larger scale and far more intense. If you want to talk about a causality chain, then maybe you can keep rewinding the clock until you come to some kind of Ur-moment that started the whole thing off and blame that. But in ELI5 level, the Communist World did a lot more bad shit than the Western World, and needed to be opposed to keep their ambitions checked. The current Russian geopolitical aims are for a worse and more chaotic world for everyone else so they can take advantage of that to put Russia in what they see as a stronger and more secure position. In the simplest terms, Russia doing this is worse, because the Russian endgame is worse. In regards to out reasonings for being there, we went into Afghanistan to address their providing a safe-haven to Al Qaeda, we invaded Afghanistan to address that threat post-9/11. Our continued engagement there is to try to keep the Afghani government propped up and supported to prevent the country falling into a greater chaos, and allowing the Taliban to resurge more than they already have. Such a chaotic arena would provide a lot of opportunities for nearby geopolitical opponents to step in and provide their own influence. It would provide a ripe arena to rebuild training and extremist infrastructure. Maintaining a presence there provides us a status quo which is very low intensity for us, and prevents the emergence of potentially unknown scenarios that could be far more costly on an international scale for us. The Russian reasoning for being in Afghanistan was complex and not as clear-cut as us: https://www.lawfareblog.com/soviet-experience-afghanistan-getting-history-right
What about Roswell though. Alien capitol of the world.
A perfect storm of many contributing factors, I am jotting these down in non-sequential/non-causal order. 1. Widespread optimization and industrialization technologies in many industries, contributing to large surpluses and productivity we hadn't had before. 2. The GI Bill and other programs that lead to an increase in education obtainment. 3. Increasing urbanization seeking manufacturing jobs, that also tied back into to greater opportunities in regards to cultural access and education. 4. Industrialization of the food supply, leading to nutritional abundance and allowing both people to reach their physical and mental potentials less restricted from nutritional deficiencies. 5. The emergence and creation of new industries and technologies, especially in regards to information technologies. Creating new high-skilled jobs, also tying back into optimization. 6. Widespread global devastation from the war, requiring large scale roll-out of manufactured goods and supplies. 7. The development and spread of international trade, and internationalist organizations that protected and guided these developments (The UN, The IMF, The World Bank, the US Navy, etc.) 8. Public schooling, and improvements in both curriculum and expansion of the system in between the 19th to 20th century. I think that the "slow down" is largely things seeing some "corrections" as many of these same things that hit the Western World 70+ years ago, now being spread among a much larger developing global economy. Meaning that many many more people are entering the economic arena and "competing", but as the world grows and people become richer globally, new opportunities will emerge for the people whose jobs become obsolete or got moved to developing economies. So short-term there will be some negative consequences along some economic dimensions, but good policy should be directed towards mitigating potential short-term negative consequences, and easing people away from obsolete jobs into new developing fields, or even some kind of Basic Income program to make up the difference, or a rainbow of other potential policies. What WON'T work is desperately trying to cling to and keep dead or dying industries alive. That only harms the people in the industry when it becomes unsustainable to keep it propped up. But long-term I believe that people overall will absolutely be better off, the question should be how to help people in the short term.
Man, I watch clips from Dick Cavett, and old Charlie Rose stuff, and old Firing Line, and I just love the level of dialogue and thoughtfulness. Outside of stuff like "On Being", I wonder who is carrying that torch most strongly in the new Podcast/YouTube era.
[You know what you must do.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGMpZnEMYVc)
Are they a member of the Mystery Men, or are they all trying to describe one of those absurd brownie towers that were instagram fashionable a few years ago.
Yes.
I haven't gotten a chance to see the Rebuilds yet, so I wasn't familiar with that exchange, thanks for pointing it out. But yea, good thought, they could absolutely be making decisions "In-Universe" of a NERV designer thinking they look cool.
John Brown's Body Lies A Moulderin' In The Grave! John Brown's Body Lies A Moulderin' In The Grave! John Brown's Body Lies A Moulderin' In The Grave! HIS SOUL IS MARCHING ON! Glory Hally, Hallelujah! Glory Hally Hallelujah! Glory Hally Hallelujah! His Soul Is Marching On! He's Gonna Be a Soldier In The Army Of The Lord! x2 His Soul Is Marching On! Old John Brown's body lies a moldering in the grave! While weep the sons of bondage whom he ventured all to save! But tho he lost his life while struggling for the slave! His soul is marching on!
&gt;We have brought peace, freedom, justice, and security to our new ~~empire~~! 'Democratic Republic'.
Oh my god.... They would get so much shit done...
We gottem.
Lots of people got called CTH brigaders because it's so common. Reddit Admins can see the backend traffic where we can't, and they determined what everyone always felt was true, that CTH engages in brigading.
https://youtu.be/YYLyIbrUP84
What are your interests? What do you want to accomplish in your life? Where do you see yourself when you're done? Going in with a clear plan is better than just saying fuck it and jumping in because you feel directionless.
I feel like Starship Troopers missed the mark as a critique or satire of Starship Troopers itself, which many people claim. It has some superficial similarities with some things of the book, but Verhoven admitted never reading Starship Troopers because he found it tedious and boring. It is a critique and satire of fascism, but is divested from any kind of true connection to the book. A straight production of 'Armor' or 'Old Man's War' would have more counter-points to some of the things about Starship Troopers that actually exists to criticize.
There are a lot of jobs that involve those skills, from Intelligence work, to IT/InfoSec, data analysis, and other technical jobs. https://pipes.utk.edu/stemm-careers/stemm-in-the-military/u-s-armed-forces-mathematics-careers/ https://www.sciencemag.org/careers/2011/12/science-military Here are some ideas in regards to the needs of the Military for Math/Computer/Science focused careers. Depending on your education background and focus and your ASVABs, you could qualify for a lot of different stuff that would be relevant to your career. Both the State Department and the DoD also seem to have job listings for Mathematicians.
I wouldn't really call the book pseudo-fascist, and the book absolutely isn't satire it's a straight sci-fi adventure fiction. It's just a lot of people see the movie as satire or criticism of the book, and I disagree as it fails to actually criticize the book. The rumor was that the original script didn'r actually have anything to do with Starship Troopers and all the characters names were changed once they discovered they had the rights to the book.
Wait, gun lube or Logistic Patrols?
Well shit. What can we do to support our HK allies? https://www.amnesty.org/en/get-involved/take-action/stop-the-hong-kong-extradition-bill/ https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2019/9/1/1882852/-How-to-Support-the-Hong-Kong-Protesters https://www.reddit.com/r/HongKong/comments/cv0ws4/how_can_you_help_hong_kong_protests_from_abroad Here is what I have, anyone else want to add anything?
He didn't say they were solely the liberal domain, but that is a core principle. More than one ideology can believe in free trade. Also, bad state actors like China have been able to take advantage of the economic benefits of free trade, while imposing horrific internal policies to limit free thought and political dissent, things we very much disagree with. There have been a lot of discussions about the failures of bringing China into the liberal global fabric here on the forum, and what the best course of action on how to incentivize China to move towards a more open and liberal society. It's a complex set of circumstances, and there are a lot of potential answers to how to address that.
When you are starting from essentially a barely post-agrarian nearly feudalistic society, *a multitude* of different social arrangements could lead to rapid improvements in living conditions. The issue also isn't, "Liberalism *IS THE ONLY WAY TO IMPROVE LIVES IN ANY MEANINGFUL WAY*"-which no one is saying. Both Communism and Western-style Democracy with a Free Market could *both* be an improvement over a badly run Fiefdom, or social collapse and disorder. When you are talking about living standard improvements, you have to look at it as a holistic picture, because if we talk about a single arbitrary dimensions (i.e. literacy rates!) then we can point to objectively nightmarish societies (i.e. Nazi Germany!), and claim that because of their nearly 100% literacy rate and comprehensive public schooling system that "Oh well they weren't *ALLLLL* bad", or we could even argue that the focus on Western-style Liberalism is a delusion when "enter pet political system here" was able to make similar improvements, or even greater improvements! Ultimately a high literacy rate is essentially meaningless when you're [throwing gay](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGBT_rights_in_Cuba#Homophobia_and_labor_camps_during_the_1960s) [people into camps](https://foreignpolicy.com/2014/07/03/cuba-wants-you-to-think-its-a-gay-paradise-its-not/), or [throw political](https://www.huffpost.com/entry/political-prisoners-china-database_n_589a1d83e4b09bd304be3300) [and religious dissidents](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xinjiang_re-education_camps#:~:text=As%20of%202018%2C%20it%20was,internment%20camps%20which%20are%20located) into camps [by the millions](https://freedomhouse.org/article/china-global-leader-political-prisoners). Or in the example of Nazi Germany above, starting a global war that kills or maims over 100 million people, eradicating half the Jews on the planet, and wiping out an entire generation of political dissidents, LGBT people, handicapped people, and countless more varied minorities. So when you judge what a society has accomplished, you must look at everything they've been able to accomplish in regards to improvements statistically, where they started, what it cost them, and the downsides. If you have 100 people in a room, and 50 of them are illiterate, and you kill 25 of the illiterate people, you've made your illiteracy rate go down, but you haven't actually done anything positive, which while is an absurd simplification, it's surprising how often authoritarian societies will hide claimed "advancements" behind comparatively callous and evil actions. Back to my opening statement though, lets say we have two people, one guy is starting with 10 cents, and is trying to get to a dollar, a second guy is trying to get from 20 dollars to 100 dollars. The first party will find it very easy to get from 10 cents to a dollar, they ask a few friend for nickels, they poke around under a vending machine and find a bunch of pennies, MAYBE they get lucky and find a quarter, dig around under their couch cushions and finds the rest in the bottom of their Grandma's candy dish. At the end of your day you've improved your wealth 900%, WOW a really AMAZING amount of growth, you've worked hard and improved your wealth a lot, great start. Comparatively, the $20 party goes to a job, they work all day and they work for $10 an hour, and work 8 hour days, they come away with $80, but whoops a bunch of that is going towards taxes and insurance, so they won't officially get to $100 today, it will take at least 2 days of work to get to it! So over 2 days they saw only a 400% increase in their wealth. They are growing at less than HALF the rate of Party 1! and it's taking them longer! At this rate Party 1 will totally overtake them! Their strategy for wealth improvement is totally superior! Of course you see the issue with that assessment, it's easy to start from little and move to a little more, while it's difficult to move to a moderate amount and move to a more moderate amount. A nation like the USSR was able to see huge gains because they were starting with little, so there were tons of room for improvement. It's easier to play catch-up than it is to play vanguard. I feel like a good starter talking about some of these issues would be the short doc "Globalism Is Good" by Swedish author Johan Norberg: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbF2I5t25s0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsOpaA0ygQY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dVHICJbfqc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7P_1-etevrQ He discusses the policies like land reform that contributed heavily to the growth of Taiwan's economy, and how the introduction of global capitalism lead to great economic improvements in Vietnam.
I don't know if it would have been better or worse, I just think Starship Troopers as a satire is a better satire of things other than the book. I recommend reading it, it's a really fun sci-fi book, with some interesting political discussions and debates.
Good question! Depending on the arrangement there are a lot of potential weaknesses in that social arrangement, just like there are other potential weaknesses and failures in other social arrangements. When you have an anarchic stateless system, it becomes difficult (or at the very least requires *very different* strategies to incentivize cooperation) to organize or fund mass-works programs like a space program, an interstate trade program, a protection agency (like a military or police/security organizations) to prevent a handful of bad actors of grouping together and becoming their own military or to provide protection from other societies that don't agree with the conception of a stateless society, large-scale medical research like cancer treatments, or even a pandemic response. The benefit's of having a government that can decide policy and make large-scale decisions has it's own benefits, but it also has it's own downsides. All I am saying is that it isn't so clear-cut, there are potentials for pros and cons to exist in every social arrangement.
The combined efforts of marginalization and de-platforming works to hurt recruitment and radicalization efforts: https://www.lawfareblog.com/marginalizing-violent-extremism-online https://www.theverge.com/interface/2019/8/8/20759995/8chan-deplatforming-extremism-white-house-censorship BUT there have been some discussions that the audience that clings onto a de-platformed figured after this, tend to be more reliable and more loyal than before.
Right, you could argue that, but there are negatives associated with a government not doing those things.
https://www.defensenews.com/congress/2020/06/29/us-could-buy-turkeys-russia-made-s-400-under-senate-proposal/ So what is the over-under on if Erdogan goes for it? !ping MILITARY
I think steps needed to be taken to defend our society from Authoritarians and Stalinists, I feel like Mccarthyism was a bad direction to take that defense, that wrapped up a lot of innocent people into it. That being said, I am not against the idea of a private service being unwilling to provide a platform to people who promote violence. I very much believe in free speech, I am not saying they need to be thrown in jail, they can go back to making pamphlets on Xerox and making text-only blog posts like political extremists used to.
Dropping Russia as a supplier doesn't really harm Turkey. Dropping the F35 basically wipes out their air force for the next 50 years.
The British in the 17th and 18th century had access to a great deal of spices and cuisines of various kinds thanks to their globe spanning empire. http://www.bl.uk/learning/langlit/texts/cook/1600s2/1600s2.html They had song, dance, theater, poetry, fiction, and personal pursuits and hobbies for fun. People would sit around and drink and sing, people knew how to have fun and enjoy themselves hundreds of years ago, it isn't something we just came up with. Also while there is uncertain evidence about when Marijuana entered Europe, it would have most likely been brought in as an edible before smoking as smoking was looked down upon as unappealing by many people for a long time, but had become a popular pastime by the time of Newton's birth. By the 19th century there are significant records of hashish consumption by smoking as there are records of Napoleon's troops smoking it in the 1800's during the Egyptian campaign. Newton could have had a very rich fulfilling life, he didn't travel or do many of the things available to him as he was an extremely focused person who preferred private pursuits as opposed to socializing or travel. Which is why some people have speculated in the modern era that he may not have been neurotypical and may have even been what we currently call the Autism spectrum. https://www.newscientist.com/article/dn3676-einstein-and-newton-showed-signs-of-autism/
I wouldn't presume to speak for all NATO flairs, but he said what we are all fucking thinking.
Yeehaw! 🤠🤠🤠🤠
