Sonny just refuses to pass to Dele it's fucking maddening.
Sorry but this is pathetic. As good as Poch was during the week he's blown this fuckin game. I mean I sympathize with him on the defense. There's not a good fullback at the club and our center backs are banged up, but to not make a change til the game is over? Going to a back 3 with no midfield?
Son should have come off at fuckin half time.
Yet Jan and Aurier were even worse lol.
Dier cost us more than foyth lol
And yet if he could ever make a correct decision on the break we might have scored a third. Being vaguely dangerous is meaningless. It was one of those games he has where he was just going to frustrate us.
Aurier is not young and he's not going to change. Should be giving KWP a run in the side.
I said bottom 3, that still leaves room for Dier hahah. But thinking about it I'd put him at 4 behind Dier, Jan, and Aurier. Dunno how you can possibly say Hugo and Davies were worse than Sissoko lmao.
I mean I guess? He didn't do anything particularly well but he also didn't blatantly gift the opposition a goal. That's how low the bar was today I think.
I mean I feel bad for Poch a bit because he doesn't really have the players we desperately needed, but surely Winks should have come on at half time. If we were going to get no defensive help out of our midfield, at least give us someone who can control a pass when there is a player within 10 yards of him. When a team presses that high, Sissoko should either be stuck out on the right or taken off the pitch ASAP. He cannot play in midfield when a team pressures him. I also think our stubbornness was ridiculous. We needed to stop trying to play out from the back, but we kept putting ourselves under pressure with that stupid shit. Good teams know we don't have a midfield that's really capable of beating the press, yet we continue to try.
Wait, you mean the red card? I have to see it again, I know he made bad contact high on the ankle with his studs, but to me it looked completely accidental as he was just stretching to try to salvage a pathetic pass from Dier. It was unlucky. Certainly deserved the card but I didn't see it as malicious.
We are absolutely desperate for one in midfield.
We need a new right back as well. We literally have 4 mediocre fullbacks.
Hugo's distribution is always bad, but to me your complaint is a tactical mistake more than an individual error. We were insistent on trying to play out from the back in spite of Arsenal pressing extremely high and our players not being comfortable on the ball in those situations. We should have been pushing the players up the pitch and hoofing it from goal kicks.
You make it really easy.
Every thread on this sub is cancer when LFC aren't underachieving.
Nah, it's especially bad when Liverpool are doing well. We had some good years until 13/14, then a few more good years. Unfortunately I think as long as Klopp is around we're doomed lol
The Chelsea game was objectively just as important as this one. To come out of this week with 2 wins is still a success given we have a thin squad that is devastated by injuries. Derby always hurts more of course, but it's one game of 38.
You should never expect it, no. I thought Levy even said that the stadium is going to limit our ability to "trade" (which is what he calls transfer business).
Winks would have been overwhelmed too but he would have been a massive improvement on Sissoko who is basically pointless if anyone is within 5 yards of him.
I don't really have an agenda against you, because I've liked most of your teams over the years. They're fun to watch. I just have been around here long enough to form an opinion on the different fanbases, and yours strikes me as a bit unique.
Yeah it is actually. Good post!
He is one of the most pathetic losers I've ever seen, but what I like about him is that he's capable of looking back on it and admitting he was being a twat when emotions were high. Other managers will die on that hill of having to be right.
It's actually a compliment though lol. He's an incredibly bad loser and you're deluded if you can't see that. The comments after the WBA game last year were some of the worst I've ever seen, but fair play to him he comes back later and isn't afraid to say he fucked up. Lots of other managers say petty shit after games but aren't man enough to admit they were wrong.
Oh funny how that fuckin works. No dicking around, simple dive from single back behind one of the best guards in football and we score.
Davis fuckin hell.
If I was a coach I think I'd go crazy with how fuckin hopelessly dumb some of these players are. Like no matter what you do sometimes they can't help themselves and do shit like that.
Two blocks in the back lol
They called a less blatant one on us a little earlier /shrug. I'll take consistency above all else.
Correctly called back, for the record.
Like I know we got screwed a bit but why does Ben have to throw just one hilarious pick every single game? If we switched QBs we would have won easily even with the bad calls.
Maybe he's still woozy after our own player obliterated him.
Keep Tomlin, tell Ben to go out with a little dignity.
Nah, this season we just aren't very good. Better than average, but at least 4 or 5 better teams in the AFC alone.
We're already done man. Even if we make the playoffs because of our weak division, we're not doing anything.
Nothing will change it. We don't have the right players. QB isn't good enough, defense isn't good enough. We have great weapons on offense and a great line, those are the only areas of the team that are elite.
If you stop worrying about dying a few times, work as a team to gradually gain territory, move intelligently, and learn how to actually use the medic guns, you can be effective on every single map.
The only way the "historical accuracy" crowd would shit themselves over the jetpack would be if DICE used Hillary Clinton's hoarse cackling as the sound effect when you increase thrust.
DICE was releasing buggy games with a similar level of content when most of the people here were sucking on their momma's tit at Woodstock. They've always released janky unbalanced games, and if anything they've generally improved in this area, BF4 notwithstanding. Fucking hell I can't imagine how the current gaming community would have reacted to the original BFV(ietnam) launch. The only thing that has really changed is the horseshit monetization and the gaming community itself. The developers are doing what they've basically always done. It's always been hard to get something really polished out.
Lol battlefield has never had a very serious competitive scene. I played a bit back on TWL in 1942 and BFV and BC2 and CAL in bf2 but it's never been balanced enough to work particularly well. Nor should it be. It's not that kind of game. Very often came down to which team identified the busted mechanics and cheesed them the best. I did enjoy competitive BC2 though I have to admit. I remember watching a CAL match of two famous Tribes 2 rivals playing each other in a new game, BF2. These were really good players at the top of the only BF2 competition that really existed at the time. Here's how "competitive" BF2 worked. Spawn in, chopper crews pray for a good spawn, rush to vehicle, get a little altitude and pitch up enough for the gunner to launch TV missile. Try to hit other chopper with first missile. If it hits, congrats, you've won the map. Spawn camp every enemy vehicle from a good safe distance. It was riveting stuff. Even CoD works better competitively and I'd argue that game hasn't been good for that since the original.
Yeah and how much prize money was involved? What was the viewership like compared to other big games? I literally didn't even know those tournaments existed. It couldn't have been that significant. Like even games like Halo and CoD were never that big compared to stuff like CS, and Battlefield has never had a scene like those.
What you mean you don't like your 2x2 meter flare gun spot for 3 seconds or your fucking sniper decoy? It's very obvious that they want us to sit back on a hill and snipe / spot people. I'm surprised they didn't nerf the beacon too.
I used to play pathfinder exclusively until I realized that no one else fucking does it in 95% of my games, or when they do they place horrible beacons. So what's the point? They need to change the second ability to something more useful for playing run and gun so there's some value in it even when no one else is doing it.
Decoy is the biggest slap in the face in this game. It's basically a fucking meme. It would be better if it wasn't in the game at all. With the knife nerfs, at minimum I think we should get more ammo in the flare gun by default. 1 shot that can only be replenished at crates is complete lunacy for how diminished the effect is. Pathfinder is also terrible unless you're able to coordinate with a completely different squad. Considering 90% of recon players just lay on random hills sniping, it's almost never worth taking pathfinder. The squad requisition bonus is negligible.
Either they're balancing because of Stodeh or because of a handful of posts on reddit which somehow enrage everyone when no one cares that people do the exact same shit with melee kills lol. Either way it's ridiculous. It's a very vocal minority.
The god damn KE7 got less of a net nerf than the throwing knives. I've died to like 2 throwing knives in like 2 fuckin days of playtime. Like 80% of my deaths are probably to some clown with a KE7.
Yep, can't select throwing knives anymore. I guess they really did just want to remove them from the game.
KE7 was grossly unbalanced, but I also think the medics have done a great job overblowing their issues to get blanket buffs that were for the most part unnecessary. And they're still screeching for carbines and SLRs. Hopefully DICE isn't stupid enough to cave in to that nonsense.
Fellaini was a dirty twat long before he met Mourinho lol
I think he's fuckin hilarious.
We don't know because they can't even be equipped due to a bug.
Fucking hell I wish recon players whined half as much as medics. They're over here not content until they are SLR wielding health regenerating super soldiers while one of our equipment choices is a fucking mannequin.
It depends on the manner in which I am deprived of my leg. If it's an operation while I'm sleeping or just some demon magic where one day I wake up without it, where do I sign up? If I have to let some NFL players violently break it, then have it infected and operated on repeatedly only to end up losing it, I'm good. I don't have it so bad.
Lmao anything but the HUGE FEMINIST LOBBIES!! One minute they're purple haired baristas with patreon accounts and gender studies degrees, the next they're a massive apparatus with enough clout to bribe gaming companies to put women in their games because reasons. You should head over to/r/battlefield. I think you'll fit in better.
I'd love to read some evidence of these "crusades" by big feminist bloggers. There were tons of them, so I guess it shouldn't be too terribly hard for you to show me. Genuinely want to read some of this. I don't care at all about the cover, don't care about the historical accuracy. People like you pick and choose what aspects of that actually matter anyway.
I care about the gameplay. It's a multiplayer shooter. If it's fun to play with my friends, the rest of it is meaningless. Developers and publishers should feel free to send whatever message they want with their games. You seem to be consistent in your valuation of historical accuracy. You've mentioned this extends to things like vehicles that are out of place. That's a viewpoint I have no problem with. Sorry most Battlefield games are not for you... I'm sure there are other options out there. Most people are not like you. They cherry pick which aspects of historical accuracy matter to them. Turns out the ones not involving women or brown folks are typically given a bit more leeway. Also not sure one VG247 article about BF1 not having women and one Verge article that was made after DICE already made the decision to include women in BFV is evidence of a massive crusade to infiltrate and influence lol. Pretty typical though for people to exaggerate the insidious SJW Boogeyman.
Ugh wow not even close. Rotterdam is in top 3 easily.
revolver all day
They were mildly annoying and very easy to overcome if your team was better than the other team on the ground. You get a good bleed going for most of the game it doesn't matter how many kills the guy in the bomber has (within reason), you will win. Bombers tend to exacerbate a situation where a team is already kind of fucked. They aren't going to pull a bad team out of the basement and win a game for you.
It's a bizarre fucking movie that somehow works on different levels. It's never bad enough to be like full Con Air where you're almost watching it ironically, but you're also not really taking it seriously. It's surprisingly earnest in the right spots, yet it's also goofy as fuck. I think the script is for the most part genuinely awesome and really funny, and the cast is great. The only thing that brings it down for me is the stupid hairdresser scenes. Michael Bay can't resist having some sort of stupid stereotype in his movies. I think it's genuinely a good fun ass movie. It's peak 90s action along with Speed.
Think "great" is overstating things by more than a little.
You've earned it.
Dele is just absurdly gifted .
Why do we not have VAR again? Like if there's VAR you let every single close call go and then review it. Should have had a clean 1v1.
Are you even watching Dele Alli?
They should have just started with extremely limited use things that would be easy and objective to correct like offside. It doesn't need to be like the league cup last year where it was like every single moment they were just looking for anything they could call back.
Nah, Dele has been by many miles our best player. Sissoko made 3 tackles. Dele has been everywhere on the pitch doing defensive work and also by far the most creative player on the pitch.
There's the Sissoko we all know.
Ref is fucking hopeless. Dier gets a yellow for his first challenge where a guy basically falls over him after he's won the ball and that shit wasn't yellow?
Yeah lol let's sub Winks. How should we go about this. Do we want to gimp Dele by sticking him in central midfield, or do we want to go with a pairing of Dier and Sissoko who can barely control a ball when an opponent is pressing them? Kane on for Lucas or Sonny, doesn't matter which one.
Haha that was about the only way this group was gonna score I think. Love having someone who can do that with either foot.
Davies is probably the most average top-flight footballer. He's like the Andy Dalton of soccer. He doesn't make a lot of huge huge obvious costly mistakes, but he also pretty much can't do anything particularly special either.
I especially like it when he pretends to press when his man takes the ball to feet and drops into his own half. Like why even fucking bother Ben, you're never going to get back when they easily play it around you and exploit the space. He's a decent tidy player on the ball and generally makes good decisions, but he is so fucking limited athletically he's rarely able to actually be in position to do something good. I think Wales have the right idea with him playing him as a center back.
I feel bad for the people in front of them who now have liquor and cum and PCP all over their hair.
Ah yes, pass interference. Joe Flacco's former favorite target.
Okay. The fact that they're competing with Arsenal and Chelsea after spending no money is impressive in itself. Literally any season where Spurs finish above 6th is overachieving. Finances are closer to Everton than Arsenal.
I really hate that I can't tell if people are meming or serious with this Sissoko shit so I'm going to just say this gently: no.
Because Reddit is stuffed to the gills with 20-something right-leaning white male gamers who are desperate to be an oppressed class for some reason.
The most harmful form of racism comes from the folks with the power structures on their side. I think the newspaper coverage makes that pretty clear. It's like fucking clockwork with you clowns. White people blatantly being racist, around come the "everyone is equally racist" idiots.
The difference is there actually are people who are victims of institutionalized racism, and in my country there aren't many of them who are white lol. It's just so transparent whenever this kind of thread is made. There are always a handful of people who are mass tagged to T_D or some other conservative "STEM-educated white male gamers have it really tough" shithole who only come here to talk about the heart-wrenching plight of being a white dude. It's irrelevant, it's bullshit, and it's a straw man. No one is saying white people can't have problems. No one is saying folks can't be prejudiced against white people. If you can find examples of it, go make your own thread about it. Bringing it up only when there's a thread about one of the myriad instances of white institutionalized racism in the West just makes you all look fucking like racist little bitches with thin skin.
It was never PI lol. Should have re-signed Torrey Smith and done the ol' underthrown designed PI play.
That would have been a fucking soft PI lol, fucking hell this thread. There's always some contact, but they both played the ball.
If we're going to insist on throwing inside the 1 yard line we should do it out of running sets and simplify it. He's standing there trying to go through 4 progressions on targets scrambling around in a small box with 6 people covering compressed zones. The little pick play we tried or a fade are about the only things we should be running out of the spread that close to the goal line. Little one or two read plays.
Shows even Belichick can make embarrassingly bad coaching decisions that cost his team games. Doesn't happen often but fucking hell is it nice when it does.
Ben's fine I'm sure.
That explains like 2 series.
Utterly fucking ridiculous. Fuck the fucking Cowboys.
Unless they make up calls all the way into the end zone it's not a make up lol
Here comes Boswell to miss the field goal.
I don't think there was a single Steelers fan who expected Boswell to make that. Knew it was over as soon as Juju couldn't make it to the end zone.
I blame Dean Spanos.
It wasn't even really blocked. Boswell slipped and kicked it into a lineman's ass. It's like the butt fumble of field goal misses.
I don't see why more teams don't just let them score in that situation. We know we're not stopping them lol
It happened with Cowher too. It happens to a lot of coaches. Be careful what you wish for.
Lol all you Tomlin out yinzer fucks, just be careful what you wish for.
IDK how you even find a kicker who is mentally strong enough. Like it's impossible to know that shit. You have to get lucky then hold on to them. It's such a limited position from a technical standpoint that everyone you try out probably bangs them in for fun in practice. Then maybe they start out great in games too. But for some of them all it takes is one missed kick and it's down hill from there, and you don't know until it happens lol.
Nothing triggers me more than the inevitable shot of Jerruh and his flushed red face jumping around hugging his scum of the Earth sycophant of choice screaming "TEXAS TEXAS TEXAS I AM RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS WIN TEXAS" when Dallas wins a tight game.
I wasn't a fan of it, to tell you the truth.
Lol even the Seahawks one wasn't bullshit.
He's won us a lot of points this season. Made one or two mistakes but overall his form has been brilliant since the world cup.
Lol it's Mothra, the smart money is on her sacrificing herself I think. I wouldn't mind a somewhat similar plot to Ghidorah the Three-Headed Monster but this looks like Rodan might be a bad guy the whole time.
And then when appealing the decision he loses his cool and bites the ref.
I mean it'll certainly help but we aren't suddenly going to pay players 300k a week or w/e fucking absurdity Pogba is on. Match day revenue is a relatively small part of a Premier League club's income. Think the stadium is more about increasing the value of the club. ENIC will sell eventually.
Can we like roll back everything to launch version? Like I wanted some stuff to be fixed but I'm starting to think maybe DICE is taking a sledgehammer to something that requires a screwdriver.
Ugh SMGs are fine. I understand the medic community won't stop until they are bullshit, but DICE please see this for what it is.
LOL literally control-f'd your name as soon as I saw this thread. Completely unhinged.
There are at least 40 states that are a better punching bag than MN, dickwad.
Realistically it's probably like 45-48 but some people are pussies and can't handle winter.
SMGs were fine.
The players are mostly stupid and sweeping balance changes shouldn't be made based on whoever is screeching the loudest (see medics), but this is just nonsense.
My initial reaction was anger but having actually tried it it's honestly not that big of a deal. SLRs were pretty much ruined unfortunately, but rest is pretty much fine except SMGs probably need a slight bump to get them to where they were before this patch.
ZH takes 3 in most situations now, but you can still 2 if you are close range and hit them in chest area. Still pretty much ruins the gun IMO. But bolt-action rifles are significantly better now.
We've joked for years about FIFA intentionally sabotaging other game modes to drive people to FUT, but it's seriously getting to the point where I'm starting to think it's actually possible. Pro clubs for example is easily the best mode in this game, and there are very easy things they could do to allow more people to enjoy it, but they do nothing.
Holy fuck, I take it all back. LFC fans aren't the worst. You're talking about salt, this entire website is just pathetic bitterness from Pats fans. People here upvoting it like it's some scientifically determined metric lmao. It's some bitter Pats fan arbitrarily ranking shit.
Err, what? Not wanting to play with assholes is toxic now? And LoL community isn't even that bad; I just don't like that game. Dota is a good game with by a vast distance the worst community of any game I've ever seen.
I'm a bit confused. I don't want to play games with jackasses, and I don't really like LoL as a game, so I'm toxic?
I'm talking about the shit you linked, numbnuts lol. It's getting upvoted by people who see the graphs and totally think it's some scientific method shit when it's just a website run by bitter Pats fans.
I don't think the Patriots are as successful as they are because of the times they cheated, but I also think you and a lot of other Pats fans like those responsible for the webpage are comically bitter and your team is eminently unlikable even without the spygate shit.
Glad we're on the same page!
I mean that's the issue. People who don't know anything about the NFL are incapable of understanding just how pathetic and bitter that website this dude linked is lol. And yeah I think any NFL fan who isn't a Pats fan is probably somewhat bitter about their existence. I'd be a little concerned if they weren't. They're aggressively unlikable even if we ignore the constant winning and the cheating narrative. But when you've enjoyed the greatest period of sustained success in the history of pro football and still play the victim card as much as Pats fans tend to, it looks less reasonable.
I think to a reasonable person it kind of goes without saying that unless I go out of my way to claim every DotA player to a man is an asshole, I'm obviously not saying that. It's just a much higher percentage of assholes than other games, and it's a unique breed of asshole that plays DotA. The DotA 2 community on Reddit is uniquely petty and utterly obsessed with the fortunes of "competing" games, as some have proven yet again in this very thread. There is no other game in existence that would create something like /r/dotamasterrace and get 10k subs. It's beyond pathetic.
He started the season in great form after a great world cup and promptly got injured. His first game back was against Barca where he made a mistake, and then he was sent off against PSV. So we've covered two big mistakes, which is about what Alisson has made. I want to see "every other week" evidence from you. Those two games notwithstanding, he has won us points week after week, just like your guy. The biggest difference is perception driven by the fact that every half decent save he makes doesn't get posted, and when they do they don't have a legion of 90k assclowns upvoting and gilding them. The disparity in performance is minor compared to the perception. Especially when you consider LFC fans believe they have the best back four in world football in front of him while Lloris sits behind our injury riddled back four and non-existent midfield. I don't think Lloris is a better keeper than Allison. He's not good enough with his feet for that, and he does have more mistakes in him generally. But this season he's absolutely been in the same ballpark, and obviously Hugo has been a world class keeper for a lot of years... they are at different stages of the their careers.
I hope they used the original Ghidorah space cackles from the 60s as the starting point for his sounds and not the more recent sounds which is basically just an altered version of Rodan. Was really jarring for me as someone who grew up watching the Showa films to hear Ghidorah sounding like Rodan in the newer movies.
Meh. Ghidorah is by a vast distance the biggest bad in the series. Only Godzilla himself probably compares, since he switches from good to bad so often. If there's a Thanos equivalent they've already used it. Maybe DESTOROYAH (!!!) is more powerful in his movie but he's not something too many people even know about outside Japan.
Isn't Thanos both of these things though? That was the comparison. Also, DESTOROYAH (!!!) doesn't do shit to Godzilla lol. He kills his son and then tries to run like a bitch and the humans shoot his ass down. Actually thinking about it I think I overrated his power in my previous post. The whole concept of the movie is that Godzilla is doomed from the start. DESTOROYAH (!!!) is basically an incidental obstacle lol. He has a cool design but I don't think he's that iconic or particularly dangerous even with the oxygen destroyer connection.
As evidenced by what? The bit where Godzilla sends him packing or the bit where he gets killed by humans?
The touch and turn he had before that blocked shot a minute ago were insane though tbf.
Think we're just about teetering on the precipice with the current situation. If we were not having half the squad injured at any given time I'd say we can do it, but in a couple of positions we're like one more injury away from disaster. I don't want to do something stupid and overpay for someone mediocre but we need to be looking at central midfielders long and hard.
IMO they should be getting warmed up now, we don't look like scoring at all.
Desperately need Sonny and Eriksen on now so they have a chance to get into the game, not 80th minute. Need some threat from shooting from range and creativity. The way this team is playing we're too reliant on the fullbacks providing quality in the final third, and, welp...
lol fuck that. Time wasting they should just actually add the appropriate time on to account for it. They probably wasted 5 minutes in the first half alone and I think we played one extra minute. Every fucking time the ball is sitting out of play he should have the stop watch adding it up. The current official added time protocol can probably be summarized as "fuck it."
Every time we get it to our fullback the best case scenario is we get a corner, and we will never score a corner against this pack of mindless ogres.
I'm sure they have staff feverishly digging up worms for the squad as a post-game reward if they keep it 0-0.
Just stop fucking passing Trippier the ball once we're in the 18 yard box. Even if he miraculously beats the first man, who on earth is going to win a header against this team?
Did you just start watching football like last week?
That's fair enough, but it has nothing to do with mental weakness and everything to do with Man City having the ability to buy a much better squad. And again I think you vastly overstate the degree to which we struggle with "Championship" teams, as evidenced by the fact that we literally haven't lost to a newly-promoted team under this manager, and we've only even drawn a few times.
I just don't think this is remotely unique to us. Either the big team can win the game without getting out of second gear, which is ideal in a long season, or the opponent focuses more on drilling defensive shape than anything else and they are hard to break down. The difference is that Man City's second gear is about a billion dollars more expensive than ours. They can afford the best coach in the world and give him an entire squad full of world class players. I don't see how if you've watched Arsenal, Chelsea, and even often Liverpool play this year you haven't seen the exact same shit from them in many games. It's just the nature of soccer that teams can spend a lot of time defending a small space and frustrate you. And it's just the nature of soccer that if you can brush aside a team with minimal exertion, so much the better.
Think people are confused about what sort of player Skipp is. He's decidedly a DM, and he played that role pretty well today. People underestimate the value of a disciplined player who keeps it simple 90% of the time until they don't have one. He played 2-3 really good vertical passes, and that's just fine in a performance where he didn't get the ball as much as he should have. There are two reasons people who lack perspective might be tempted to think he was garbage. 1) We played against Burnley. We didn't really need a player like Skipp today. 2) He just wasn't assertive enough about getting on the ball. He was in good positions constantly and didn't seem like he was demanding the ball. That's probably understandable considering his age and it's his full debut. Smart little player, hope he gets more games. Think that's a role we need.
&gt; Our fans are so thick sometimes. Well you're right about one thing.
Who could have predicted the yer da commentator falling to his knees and weeping for poor Burnley. If you make zero effort to win the game, just might lose it.
/r/soccer: Klopp is spot-on, trophies can't be the only meaning to find in football. He's done so well at LFC. What are fans of clubs that aren't super wealthy supposed to do? Trophies can't be everything. Also /r/soccer: LOL SPURS TROPHY CABINET DAE SPURS HAVEN'T WON TROPHIES, TROPHIES ARE LITERALLY THE ONLY THING THAT MATTER!
The people who are being provoked by it are the ones who should chill out lol.
If you think trophies are the only thing that matter in football, you are a jackass. I suspect the vast majority of people here agree with Klopp. That's really what it comes down to.
Well if you're saying that people are stupid and fall for the bait constantly, we're not going to disagree.
I'm not saying Wenger isn't one of the best managers in the history of the league, but the way the money in football worked in the 90s is not directly the same as how it is now lol. Would be interested to see wage spending instead of revenue, but even then the disparity is not what it is now. I think reasonable people know that no one is saying Pochettino's a better manager than Wenger, but I think it's fair to say the current league has more hurdles.
Poor timing IMO. The climax should be as the ball is hitting the back of the net, not when he's about to strike the ball. You've jumped the gun here. Sound mixing is also a bit suspect. I think we should designate someone to do these to maintain impeccable quality. This is after all the most important aspect of this subreddit.
I did see him doing that a bit, but I feel that if you're really out there yelling at people you are going to get more passes than he got. He's 18 and it's his first start in the league, I would be surprised if he truly was having a word with people to give him the fucking ball lol. He only had like 50 passes in 74 minutes and he wasn't getting the ball off the defenders enough IMO. I don't think it's just down to people not trusting him.
Showing for the ball with your hands out and screaming your ass off demanding the ball are two different things. If you're really out there yelling at people you are going to get more passes than he got. Not that I have a problem with it. He's 18 and it's his first start in the league, I would be surprised if he truly was having a word with people to give him the fucking ball lol. I don't think it's purely down to people not trusting him yet. Now if you were at the game and could hear him fair enough. Just from what I saw he was more passive about it.
Yep, he's definitely much more physical and defensive than some of the other central midfielders our academy has been producing. Sideways passing is a lazy criticism usually. He was pragmatic and made good decisions, which is his job.
Seriously think he should be a center half. He plays there for Wales, albeit in a back 3. He a little bit shorter than most CBs, but he still won plenty of headers today with intelligence. He's just athletically limited as a fullback. Playing in the center plays to his strengths and mitigates his weaknesses.
Once per decade isn't the greatest success rate.
Wrong decision. Sub isn't salvageable, and all you're going to do is ruin other subs with this crap. Old mods should have all resigned and abandoned ship. This is just going to make sure these cretins are dispersed to other subs .
Alisson howlers directly responsible for 2/7 LFC concessions in the league. VVD carrying him clearly ;)
28% of the goals LFC have conceded in the league come directly from goalkeeping errors. Surely the highest percentage in the division.
I'm half taking the piss, they've only conceded 7 all year and 2 of them were Allison howlers. This one and the Crystal Palace goal.
So he's not tested often but when he is he has a mistake in him? I mean even last season once VVD showed up they had one of the best defenses in the world with Karius in goal.
Source: LFC have only conceded 7, and 2 were howlers from Allison. I'm only half serious with this. It does make you think he's got mistakes in him though. He isn't tested all that often.
Yet there are only a few starting goalkeepers in the league who have faced fewer shots.
Lloris made a save against Southampton that wasn't even posted and if Allison had made it they'd still be writing poetry and weeping about it on RAWK.
Levy's gonna sneak in and move the decimal point overnight.
LFC are seriously gonna win the league lol. Every bounce this season is going their way.
We need to make a GoFundMe for City to raise another billion for January so they can save /r/soccer.
It's honestly fucking insane to look at the money United spend and then actually look at the squad. They need to blow it all up and start throwing money at a completely new staff with a DoF and different recruitment team. They need to do it now too. I hope they don't, but this is fucking madness that anyone still supports Mourinho.
The only thing I'll say is that the problems go deeper than him. He's a huge problem, but they need to take more drastic measures than just firing him. They absolutely should fire him before he leaves Anfield, but then after the season is over they should be cleaning house.
Sebass defended that like James Jr was getting away with the prize money from an amateur wrestling event.
There's the leader of men blaming his teammate already lolol
I've never seen him blame injuries. He will just blame a teammate lol
Belichick is gonna approach Switzer at halftime and offer him a couple mil under the table to put on a fake beard and wear Edelman's jersey second half.
I mean it wasn't genius but the way they did it was extremely smart. If they are going for it we don't want to use the time out because either they get it and then we just helped their drive or they don't get it and we're down a timeout for our drive. If they just came out in punt formation with a minute left I think we'd probably call time out. But then maybe they go for it. Still think we should have once they shifted but it's not the travesty people are making it out to be. If we call timeout for all we know they come right back out and go for it. Ultimately it wasn't a bad outcome, and if the punt was worse maybe we'd have taken a few shots.
Yeah good contribution. Fuck off.
Think in hindsight it probably wasn't such a bad result with the clock management. I think if the punt was worse we would have been more aggressive. Certainly doesn't deserve the utter meltdown in this thread.
That was a lot of effort to make an aggressively unfunny post.
I don't understand sometimes lol. We've had walk in touchdowns by plowing it behind Nix and we keep doing this stupid spread shit inside the 5. No fucking team does this unless they are doing a pick play. If we're gonna pass, set up like we're gonna run. We should not be taking coverage sacks inside the 5 lol.
I mean we should have had a penalty with the last kick of the ball against LFC. We'd both be on 7.
Probably voting against him lol
We should have been running the ball until we have no choice but to pass. Don't give Ben an opportunity to fuck us.
Lol bless your heart. It's over.
Feel for our D today. They don't deserve to lose this, they are fired up.
I'm gonna throw my phone through the TV when we come out 5 wide.
Let's be real though, we still have time for another pick or fumble or something.
We took 5 yards instead of letting the clock keep running?
We didn't decline.
Seriously is it because we accepted that fuckin penalty? We should have them at 2 min warning...this is game deciding shit. Why did we take 5 yards?
Happy to be wrong today lol. What a fucking defensive performance.
You were right!
So you're saying there's more of a correlation with the quality of a goal than the team that scores it? Look at the big brains on this one! I agree! Basically what you're asking for is contrived commentary lol. Like a shit goal off a corner or a deflected goal or something, he should be hyping himself up, lest he offend the super sensitive fans who are desperate to be seen as persecuted even in some small way. Yeah I'll double down on the second part too. You win a game, everyone is kissing your asses and laughing at your rival. But it just doesn't feel quite right. Someone has to have slighted you. Ref was fair, Mourinho was graceful in defeat, who can we whine about? Martin fucking Tyler that manc cunt deeply offended us when he didn't show enough excitement for one of our deflected goals in a very uncompetitive match that we won! Fuck that guy! It's petty, complete nonsense, and embarrassing.
Ultimately you've made a ridiculous claim, lied about the "evidence" you provided (VVD goal was not in extra time), ignored my rebuttal to your laughable "he just likes Gerrard I guess" argument, and missed the point of the age thing to an embarrassing degree. The paragraph about Attenborough is kind of where I just have to throw my hands up and say you're unhinged and we could do this for a month and you'd still be convinced of this stupidity. The burden of proof is on the one making a claim, but I genuinely don't want anything to do with you anymore. I don't want you rewatching dozens of full matches, spiraling down further into madness, desperate to find bias in everything he says. I'll just say you've convinced me. He does totally hate LFC, and who could fucking blame him?
Knowing this community, people will fight for resolution restrictions lol
Honestly this just makes you guys look incompetent. Should not be balancing the game based on people complaining on the forums. If you have metrics and observations that tell you something and you act on it, stand by your guns. You are the developers; the people in this subreddit and others are mostly melodramatic young people. If something just isn't fun and it's because of balance issues, the metrics and observations should align with the whining. Unless you didn't make the changes based on anything in particular in the first place...
If United changes the structure of the club and hires a DoF with the blessing of the incoming manager, it is instantly the most desirable job in world football IMO. It's like starting a new career in FIFA and using the "financial takeover" cheat. It's a project club that also has tons of fucking money. Mourinho is a very limited recruiter. A DoF and another manager with more varied targets could do a ton with the money that they've spent. If United keeps the current structure I agree, I wouldn't touch it with a 10 foot pole.
Tried some m+ as holy and it was definitely fun to pop off with apoth and surge of light.
Shadow mend is a girthy veiny tropical monstrosity of a heal that makes other flash heals feel like they were in the pool. Use that shit left right and center...you won't have much choice in m+.
To be fair, retaining a necromancer costs at least £250k an hour plus those ridiculous reagent fees. And then of course there's the fact that resurrection produces mixed cognitive results and Busby hasn't coached football in almost half a century. People are saying Mourinho's tactics are outdated, I'm not convinced by the Busby appointment either. Time will tell but for me it's a shambles.
If you have two stacks of surge it provides the same healing in half the time, AKA more burst. I generally don't use surge stacks unless they're going to expire or until I literally have to FH. I don't care about mana efficiency in M+ and I'd just take coh in raid. I would also argue that even a single surge proc is often in practical (as opposed to theoretical) terms more burst in a m+ situation because the healing occurs instantly, even if over the span of two FH it is ultimately the same hps. Sometimes in m+ doing some sort of healing NOW is the most important thing. It also depends on when it procs. You can proc one in the middle of a FH cast, and then wham another one instantly right when it lands. That is more burst than not having that talent. This is all before we even talk about the interaction with holy word and apotheosis which can give you a few more FH casts, ergo more holy words and more burst.
Christ, nuke that shit from orbit. It's the only way to be sure.
The amount of "Someone literally shatter Dele's leg" comments from Arsenal fans, lordy. Absolutely adore him.
I understand what you're saying and in a lot of situations (maybe I'll even concede most) you are correct, but I think you're thinking too rigidly about this. The word that you used was burst. Damage events are not based around our GCDs, and there are plenty of situations in M+ where the actual time it takes to put health on someone is more pertinent than the # of full GCDs. The fact of the matter is, if you and I react to the same event at the same time with flash heal and I have 2 stacks and you have 0, I am going to have 2 heals out around the time you finish your first one. I'm also going to have 1 heal out before you've done anything. I understand that I am then going to have to wait for a GCD to start up again, but we are reacting to varied and unpredictable events, not running a sim. Again, there are situations where you're spot-on and this won't matter, but there are others where getting healing out as fast as possible is going to prevent wipes. Perfect example last night in M+ on first boss of King's Rest. DPS derps out and gets hit by the AOE, drops him to about 5%. Right after that he gets the dot on him. I have nothing up so the only thing I can do is hard cast flash heal, and he dies before I get it off. Now obviously the biggest takeaway is don't be a dumbass, but if I had been sitting on a couple of SoL procs, he doesn't die. Over enough time you're absolutely right, but in M+ we often react to unpredictable situations, and some of them can be dealt with faster with SoL. That sounds like burst healing to me.
lol that was the best thread ever where the guy like made a gif of kane's entire career and analyzed everything with "LUKAKU CAN DO THAT!" I guess he just chooses not to.
Seriously by far the biggest issue is no one pressuring Kane. The only good way to play against Kane is to stick to him and pressure him aggressively at all times. Sometimes when he's really on his game that still isn't enough but it's just suicidal giving him this much space.
Fuck I wish that guy was still maintaining the list of ways people describe Diego Costa. GOAT thread imo.
I want to see Woodward attack United's video guy like Alec Baldwin lmao
The guy is notoriously unhinged when it comes to Spurs. Genuinely hateful person. Feel for him.
Thank fuck someone posted it.
Idk how Jon Lovitz's son didn't win an Oscar for that movie. "Hey, it's Smash Mouth!" Artistry.
The only way this ruins a game is if your game is completely broken like vanilla was lol. One of the biggest reasons for so many fond memories of vanilla is the fact that it was years before any significant portion of the population had a fucking clue what they were doing. Private server community has exposed how deeply broken many things about vanilla were, and I expect even more damning information to come when classic launches. This is why it's so utterly bizarre to me that the best way to get chased out of this sub is to suggest even a mild class balance pass to increase the number of people who can actually enjoy the game. Is half this sub private server kiddies, desperate to roll their arms warrior or rogue and win trade to R14? Like it's the only reason I can imagine so many people are terrified of a few more specs being actually playable lol. Grossly unbalanced classes are not essential to the vanilla experience, sorry.
My point is if you were really the min/maxing big dick pve legend you're trying to come off as, **you'd** be playing retail lol.
Klopp said trophies can't be the only meaning in football and here you are spouting this condescending crap. What if he loves his players, has a good relationship with the chairman, and feels an affinity for his club? What if he sees an opportunity to have a legacy at Spurs that he has little chance of replicating at United? Arsene Wenger could have gone to a bigger club many times in his career and won more titles than he did at Arsenal, but he stayed because he loved the club. Successful managers who move on to bigger clubs first chance they get are a dime a dozen. Maybe Pochettino will do that again, but he's not a fool if he doesn't.
Ozil isn't lazy, he's just not that good off the ball. He runs around decently, just doesn't necessarily do it effectively.
Lmao should we tell him we're not talking about FUT?
They won the hardest group...
Knockout tournaments are fickle, the guy says judge them on CL and they've done well so far. What else can they do?
Fucking Ted Beneke trying to escape the pocket, they should have just let him trip.
Lol Wat
I thought Lovren was your second best? I got grilled for saying Vertonghen and Alderweireld were better than him just a few weeks back.
So first he didn't touch him, now he "threw himself" lmao. We'll get there eventually. Also glad he released the ball lol, that's relevant.
Did Woodward invite the media over to coordinate a strategy for getting this done? I mean the fucking desperation in the press for this to happen is palpable. Scummy fucking club and pathetic journalists / pundits.
van Dijk's mother is South American, so I doubt he'd be down with gassing and caging brown people.
Yeah give medic the Franck Ribery Roll so they can "bring up the rear" and fend off attackers in self defense, I'm sure that's how it will be used. They totally wouldn't be super soldiers or anything. Agreed about combat roles though, they're garbage, especially Recon. Should rebalance the distribution of equipment based on role more aggressively and make the roles have traits that aren't useless in most of situations like Pathfinder. I'd be okay giving medic a combat role with a different weapon type, as long as it's accompanied by a significant reduction in utility. You cannot combine an SLR with being the only class with regenerating health. I don't understand why medics can't accept how obviously ridiculous that would be. If I had a ZH 29 with full regenerating health I'd have to be mentally impaired to not go like 50-5 every map. If they change nothing, medic is fine. SMGs feel fine, I feel like I'm talking crazy pills. You can bring up all the data you want, but in practice if you are better than the average player, you will win more engagements than you lose. Speak for yourself when you say the only way to play is flanking. They should be nerfing assault by taking away some of its utility and giving it to Recon. Medic is second best class in the game, comfortably.
He ran pretty fast that time he whiffed on Kane and tried to chase him down I guess
It's not observers saying whatever they fancy, it's a coordinated strategy from people who have been briefed by Manchester United. It's beyond pathetic.
Just not their day, and every single game seems to be LFC's day this season lol.
Can we start a fucking "save /r/soccer" gofundme and put together another billion before January so City can buy Messi and Busquets to make sure this shit doesn't actually happen? We're right on the cusp of 13/14 levels of madness, it's going to be uninhabitable for most of us pretty soon. We have to do our part to stop it. We need to buy TV ads with Matt Damon or some shit, fuck the polar bears we need to stop this shit first.
It sure seems like it. You've spent what's needed to build a squad capable of competing with City, you have the best defender in the world, Salah is hitting top form again, and you are even getting the bounces right now.
Okay how about a loan for both of them until the end of the season. 750m loan fee straight cash from sheikh mansour 💰💰💰💰💰
I mean as long as that includes the Liverpool fans too, I'm willing to make this sacrifice for the greater good of the subreddit.
If it was an Apple Campus, the state government would have probably already had to bend over and take it up the ass just to have the privilege of hosting our corporate overlords. The least they can do is take care of the area. It was my understanding that the local government has already put some money into this project, right? Seems like the cost of this sort of thing would be relatively low for us compared to them.
Lots of people here desperate for us to lose, fuckin hell
It was also the best game in the series comfortably.
It's not even close to that lol. I don't think anything in the history of team sports is close to Leicester. It's still fucking impossible to me and I watched it happen.
Yeah this is madness that it's even a discussion. There are myriad situations where a team has gone on a hot streak in a knockout tournament. There's no realistic scenario where anything in any eSport could be as big of an accomplishment as Leicester. In fact, the league format in European football and the financial barriers make Leicester's accomplishment something that I don't think has any equal in the history of **any team sport**. It wasn't one game or three or four games or even 10 games of overachieving. It was fucking 38 games, playing every team home and away, and outperforming all of them having almost been relegated the season before. It's fucking impossible, it's like actually hard to accept that it actually happened still. People have mostly undersold it so far IMO. Comparing it to the Browns winning the Super Bowl and shit, it's just not even in the same ballpark. Nothing is.
Lol WTF, no, just no.
You're crazy, feel free to fuck off.
Kane should have 2 or 3...their defense is crap but they're scary going forward atm.
Walker Peters on at half time or sooner lol
Their defense was horrible from the start lol, wtf. Spurs could have had 2 before Walcott's goal even.
Spurs are denied a blatant penalty with the last kick of the ball against Liverpool: STFU it doesn't matter, LFC had the better of the game and they deserved it. Spurs benefit from a questionable disallowed goal: This is tragic, after that decision went against Everton the only logical outcome would be Spurs scoring 3 goals and creating enough chances to have twice that. Everton robbed of 3 points.
And the funny thing is, it was the correct decision lol. It's not a huge shove, but it prevents him from contesting it. You can get away with it but they didn't, and Calvert Lewin barely protested.
Trips is basically a poor man's David Beckham who is being forced to play right back.
We're making Sigurdsson look like the most agile fucking player in the world when in reality he has the turning radius of a boat.
No, Pickford is having a shocker. Davinson Sanchez is having a shocker. Trippier and Winks can't defend. At all. Lloris did nothing wrong on the first goal. You are fucking mental if you think otherwise. He did well to even touch it. Second goal was a good strike...he could probably save it, but not shocking.
Usually if Sigurdsson doesn't hit the ball with his second touch he loses possession. His first touch can often be really clever to set himself up, but to then let him just kind of saunter around and have a go was pretty bad.
Goalkeeping is probably the hardest thing to judge in football for people who don't know what they're talking about. /r/soccer proves it constantly, so does this sub. Hugo could have saved it but a powerful shot coming through traffic isn't a howler. First goal was a shot from literally on top of him and he did well to even touch it. Pickford is having a shocker, both defenses are having shockers. Hugo might save the second goal 50/50 but it's being mischaracterized as easy here.
I mean look at our midfield...we have absolutely no one who can win the ball back. Very difficult to defend if there's no one remotely capable of contesting the space in front of the back four.
That kind of scares me more about you guys than them. That's just insane. VVD's balls are the best CB pair in the country right now.
my plums
Keep giving Skipp opportunities, I think he might end up being more useful than Winks in the role we've asked him to try to play today. Love Winksy but don't think he can protect the back four.
lol you can't make up the Sissoko shit...just batters his way through like 5 people and then plays an underhit pass. It's almost endearing at this point.
As soon as you remember that Skipp is very much a defensive midfielder I think he gets more impressive. Definitely think he's ready to be getting regular games if we can't buy a midfielder in January. Should be competing with Winks for time depending on what we need.
Lamela needs to just ratchet it down a notch, lol. Way too frenzied right now. Played a few nice passes but keeps trying to run into nothing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6ehSxttRh0
TLJ purely as a movie and not as it fits into the saga is better than all 3 prequels, easily.
The way I see it is the prequels are what happens when a pretty good overall story gets hindered by terrible execution, and the sequels are what happens when a pretty good execution gets hampered by an almost nonsensical overall story. I'd 100% rather watch any of the new movies than any of the prequels. Purely as films on their own merit it's hardly even debatable IMO. Ignoring how they fit into the saga, the prequels are just bad movies. That said, the sequels have done something that I never thought possible: they made me stop giving a shit about Star Wars. There's not too much wrong with TFA or TLJ in a vacuum, but they've done more harm to the franchise than even the prequels did, which is insane to me. Prequels are almost irredeemably shit and no amount of stupid memes and kids reaching the age where they have access to a computer will change that, but somehow they never left me this bored with Star Wars like Disney has. Rogue One I liked, Solo was inoffensive but also completely forgettable.
I think United should hire Silva considering the dude just keeps failing upwards.
I still think you're largely talking about things that are affected by a larger context. If I just sat down and was told to watch either TLJ or one of the prequels just by itself as a movie without considering anything other than what's on the screen for the duration, I would rip TLJ out of your hand to avoid watching the prequels. I'm not trying to argue that TLJ is a great or even a good movie. I'm trying to illustrate just how fucking irredeemably crap the prequels are. You talk about uninteresting characters, nonsensical decisions, and lack of soul, watch the prequels lol. The only good thing about the prequels is the overall concept that someone good was manipulated into becoming someone bad. The execution of that in each individual movie is fucking laughable.
Well when I say harmed the franchise I mean the lore and canon and the coherence of the overall saga as one big story. Obviously commercially, Star Wars is still doing just fine, and there's a pretty good argument to be made that all of this shit is made up anyway so who cares as long as the movies are fun to watch. TFA is a really good movie on its own merits IMO, but Disney was so desperate to reboot the series while also banking in on the presence of the famous characters, they created an overall story that was the worst of both worlds. And before I go further, I don't want to hear any shit about "oh the book explains it." I don't care about the fucking books or any of that shit, the movies should tell a coherent story even if you don't consume any other Star Wars media. So my gripe with TFA is that it basically removes all meaning from everything that just happened in the previous six movies. It doesn't at all feel organic that oh we defeated the Empire and killed the Emperor, but they're actually even more powerful now! And there's another all-powerful Sith Emperor guy who just materialized! And he's got Darth Vader's grandson as his enforcer! And they've built an even bigger death star! It's madness to me that the opening crawl of TFA is basically "none of that shit mattered in the slightest, now join us as the same group of plucky underdogs do it all again!" I understand the constraints they're working with with the age of the actors. It'd be much more interesting to see what happened after the overthrow of the Empire with Luke's academy and all that shit. The Kylo story could have been really cool if we actually saw any of it, but the actors are too old I guess so they didn't want to do that. And I understand they can't do a movie where everyone lives happily ever after with the Empire gone. There has to be a conflict. I've sat here trying to think about what I'd have done, and I truthfully don't have the answer. It just seems like a losing proposition to try to continue the same story 30 years later with the same characters. I think they should have just started a whole new saga and let the other six movies stand by themselves. It was already a complete story. Maybe just have the crawl say it's been 25 years of relative prosperity, Luke has tried to revive the Jedi tradition, Han is a general in the army, Leia is a politician, w/e they want to do. We don't get the cool fan service moments with this, but then they can at least create a conflict on a scale that makes sense for the overall story instead of "oh btw nothing mattered and it's the same shit because we need to sell toys." I think Johnson made a lot of bad choices with TLJ but I also think he made a few really good ones. The Luke story in particular I know people hate it here but given what JJ left him with, I think it was fucking genius. The biggest problems with TLJ for me were created by TFA writing the story into a hole. Johnson may have dug us deeper, but I think at least he tried to do something logical and not just fanfic to sell toys and shit.
If Archie and Peyton schmooze Eli into the Hall, it's a fucking travesty. Hated him ever since he received no backlash for the shit daddy pulled on draft day to get him to a bigger market.
Complete fucking sham. Fucking pathetic call. How does anyone take this fucking league seriously anymore? Slowly killing players and ruining game after game with completely hopeless refs so a handful of the biggest pieces of shit on the planet can rake it in. Love the sport, hate this fucking league.
The way Ben is playing we're fucked even without the refs actively fucking us.
Butler absolutely has to go no matter how this season ends. I know we lack personnel in the secondary but these schemes just don't work in this league anymore.
When we release him Belichick will somehow get 3 seasons with 120 catches out of him and then he'll have to retire with multiple life-altering head injuries. Fucking gym rat whisperer.
Tony Romo is treading dangerously close to going full "MAGICAL POWERS HE LEARNED FROM HIS GRANDMA" with Kamara lmao
Why did we give the ball to Ridley ever ugh.
How can anyone take the NFL seriously anymore? They've gradually stripped all competitive integrity away so the scum of the earth owners can line their pockets.
Fuckin hell you clown just let him score that.
Yeah not Ridley fumbling when we were driving to ice it.
Butler is a dinosaur.
Nice push off lol
Blatantly.
It caused Haden to stumble and gave Thomas an advantage. That's more than I can say about the 3 DPI that resulted in 21 points for your guys.
There's probably an analyst that calculated Jerruh loses $156 every time OPI is called so they sent out a memorandum.
NFL gets a lot more watchable when you just stop taking it seriously and realize it's just a plaything for Jerruh's wallet with very few shreds of competitive integrity left. It is what it is, you're going to get fucked or you're going to benefit from the fucking. Enjoy it when we benefit, and I have to learn to shrug it off when we get screwed. It doesn't matter in the end because it's just a show league, not a serious competition.
I hope when Tomlin goes we go out of our way to get another black guy just as a social experiment with yinzers lol
I don't know why we gave the ball to fucking Ridley, that's the bigger question.
I think it's probably fair to say there are some diminishing returns once you have access to basically any player you want. City haven't bought any players so far that are out of Liverpool's price range and I don't think there's a lot between the squads. The one thing I'll say is City can afford to pay fuck you money in wages and LFC might still have to deal with bigger clubs coming in for players in the future. Like City would have paid Coutinho whatever it took to keep him I think.
Maybe not, but the point was more that if another club did come sniffing KDB or something they could probably give him an offer he couldn't refuse. There's been no real disparity between LFC and City in terms of the fee they are willing to pay for the right player, but wages are maybe the biggest difference.
Lmao if they buff any aspect of the Sten at all, it's instantly completely broken. It's already right on the cusp. What I've learned from this sub is that a ton of people play medic, and most of them are terrible players.
If you buff the Sten within 10 meters they might as well take all the other sub machine guns out of the game because it's already a very solid short and midrange weapon, with its only real weaknesses being long range and *extreme* close range. If you are running into lots of problems inside 10 yards, switch to one of the guns that are among the best in the game at that sort of range. People complain that medic doesn't have any different weapon types, but you will absolutely trade blows with assault / support players of comparable skill if you use the Sten or MP40 properly and also learn to use the Thompson or Suomi for applicable situations.
I don't think so. When I actually play the game there are plenty of medics in every server no matter what the map is, and there are invariably a few of them who are actually good players. Assault probably has a bit too much going for it, but after that I'd say Medic is comfortably the second best class in the game. It's just on reddit where the class is being framed as some unplayable disaster.
You have to understand this sub is full of people who want to be able to run across an open field, see scope glint 500 meters away, and pull out a hitscan railgun and incinerate them instantly.
They are bad, I hate to even think about concluding something so lame but there's really no other explanation for the massive disconnect between what we see in servers and what we see on reddit.
I wouldn't necessarily be happy with Spurs spending 40m on him, but I do think we are at the point where we're going to need to completely revamp our midfield and we could do a lot worse than Gomes for replacing Dembele. Still think the bigger priorities are a dedicated defensive midfielder to replace Wanyama and a more attacking midfielder to rotate with (or replace) Eriksen.
So is this destined to be another glitch that we just have to deal with for 5+ years? At this point it's hard to argue against the idea that these greedy fucks intentionally sabotage other modes to drive people to shitty ass FUT.
Unless it's MCU or Chris Nolan...
Lovely cushioned header
https://youtu.be/QRJPC_AbCq4
Yeah against Newcastle in 2011/2012. He was really good that season.
5 now, keep up.
We're gonna need Benny Hill stat.
I SWEAR YOU'LL NEVER SEE ANYTHING LIKE IT EVER AGAIN!
Lmao the pirates music kind of surprised me
https://i.imgur.com/PKIP4C3.jpg
WoD wasn't really any worse than Legion in terms of gameplay, they just didn't have enough raids. What little raiding they had was fucking fantastic.
He was at Southampton for like a year and the chairman who he had a good relationship left the club. He's been at Spurs 5 years and has a much stronger bond with the club than he did at Southampton, and he has a strong relationship with Levy, who is going no where. Not saying he won't leave, but the situations are vastly different.
Spurs have had bigger injury problems and a much thinner squad /shrug
Pretty impressive that you've taken a phrase that has basically lost all meaning and still found a way to use it in a way that makes no sense lol.
Those 24 players have more dead weight that doesn't play and even a loaned out player on it. Realistically it's more like 22, and there's a bigger drop in quality in most positions. City are also getting more appearances out of U21 players. Jesus isn't registered and he's an important first team player. Spurs just have a 3rd choice RB , a 4th choice CB, and like a 6th choice CM who are getting time because the squad is plagued with injuries. I don't think City's squad is that insane, but I also don't like how many people are making excuses because of injuries or the squad composition.
[I mean really?](https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-W20CC_DmUvU/W50IJnfBrcI/AAAAAAAABxM/m-tJO4F-U6k9e9yQNbTZr7r5uV5adf_zwCLcBGAs/s1600/2018_9_15_51.gif)
The Boss
Fucking hell it's like an adult Scott Kieran.
Think Lamela would have been better for breaking this team down but maybe soon they'll actually start taking more risks and we'll have space to attack.
Probably the hardest team we're going to play for a while, so we may be able to get away with this midfield going forward but we desperately need someone who can win the ball.
I didn't even realize he's hurt again lol, fucking hell.
It's not the end of the world unless you actually got suckered into the media's desperation to big us up for the title. We need a new midfield, it's that simple. I know half our players are fuckin hurt but none of them are that good anyway. Winks is a tidy enough player most of the time but he is awful awful awful without the ball.
He is more of an attack-minded central midfielder, not a defensive midfielder like he's being asked to play.
BREXIT
Oh fucking hell we've lost a game and the clowns are coming out of the woodwork whining about his assists and goals. Modric is an attack-minded central midfielder, Iniesta is an attack-minded central midfielder. Winks is closer to being that type of player (and since I can't trust this subreddit right now, I mean in terms of style not quality) than a defensive midfielder. I did not say he is a fucking Dele Alli second striker type of player. He is a playmaker who plays in central midfield, and he's being asked to play as a single anchor in a diamond with literally no one who can tackle anywhere around him.
Most central midfielders pass the ball sideways and backwards the vast majority of the time, if you actually watch them. Furthermore the only games he's been getting lately he's been asked to play as a single anchor and our deepest player, so you're going to see more of that playing it safe. I don't know what this stupid goals and assists shit comes from. I'm not saying he's a forward/midfielder like Dele. He is like a Modric or Iniesta type of player, though obviously not that good. On the rare occasion he gets to play next to someone who can actually defend, he's been far more progressive. But he's playing as a single anchor right now, which is a liability.
We need 3 midfielders within the next year IMO. Mousa is done, Wanyama might be done, Dier is a good player to have around but we need someone with more mobility. And we're either going to lose Eriksen or we need someone who can rotate with him.
I don't think it's a dive, but I would definitely be interested to see LFC fans reaction if they had a penalty like that given against them.
Wolves are probably the 6th best team in the league this year, they deserve more points than they've got. Very good team.
We have 3 defensive midfielders who are hurt, there's not a lot of options for our midfield right now.
Doubt it. Much bigger Roseville in CA near Sacramento.
My One S is a dank 4K blu ray player but aside from that it just sits there looking pretty. I wish I'd known they were going to do the whole "We'll put all our games on PC too so you don't have to waste money on our hardware just in case we actually manage to make a good game once in a while" thing.
Why on earth is that bullshit? Who cares if people don't buy their consoles? They'll probably make more money this way and it's more consumer-friendly too.
You guys kind of pulled up memories I forgot I had of the old GC and Hollywood Video when I was very young lol.
Once in a while, for sure. But I also more vividly remember there being a Rocky Rococo fast food pizza place in that area around the time I was growing up and my dad would take me there more often when we were in Roseville. There was also a movie store in one of the malls, I forget if it was HarMar or Rosedale, which had a lot of obscure movies and shit. I was really into Godzilla movies and we'd buy them on VHS there before DVDs were really a thing.
There is one team that is unbeaten, and they are having one of the greatest seasons at this point in the history of the league. If that is your standard as the 6th richest club, you need to have a reality check. We are 2 points behind the 2nd richest club in the league, and ahead of 3 other clubs that should be shitting on us.
Gary Neville throws the remote at the TV.
Fucking hell thank god they waited this long to fire Mourinho...
At least not a young project player like Aarons or a bargain on a decent player who is out of favor like Aurier. Spurs definitely could use an established top class right back, but such a player is probably too expensive.
Maybe the best example I've seen of the high risk and high reward of doing this.
Utterly pointless? They should have scored because of it.
Honestly don't care about the fucking numbers, every fucking game he does this. I know we have no one better but we should be looking to move on asap.
Alternatively if he could resist throwing horrible interceptions when we're driving we'd already be in the playoffs. I fucking hate this Ben can do no wrong because numbers crap. He has a lot of empty stats. If he doesn't throw a TD today he'll have the fewest TDs in a 5k season, and we know about the picks. I like how people are allowed to shit on Tomlin for his bad situational coaching in spite of overwhelming good stats but we can't talk about how our QB consistently makes horrible plays at the most inopportune times because stats.
It absolutely hasn't been. He has a lot of yards. I scarcely care about yards. Again, I'm not saying cut his ass. I'm not saying bench his ass. I'm saying getting a new QB should be an extremely high priority.
Ben isn't going to play forever, believe it or not. We have no choice but to replace him relatively soon. It should be among our biggest priorities. Plenty of QBs recently came in within a year or two and played at a high level.
You won't blame him for Denver lol. I guess that's ABs fault.
Finally someone who is honest about why they hate our coach lol. Yinzer trash.
Defense honestly hasn't been that bad down the stretch. Even the Chargers game where they mostly sucked , if we did ANYTHING on offense in the second half we would have won comfortably. Obviously need more turnovers and more talent in the secondary so we can play more modern schemes but I'm not completely hopeless there. Just seems like we choke at the worst times on both sides of the ball this year.
I'm more into soccer these days as well but not because of the Steelers. More the general direction of the NFL. It's a hard league to take seriously.
Be careful what you wish for lol
Isn't he going to Bayern?
Oh god, I saw one Europa League game of Sander Berge and instantly became a fanboy. Watched a few more and am now convinced if we can sign him we should absolutely do it, he has massive potential IMO. He looks like a 15 year old, is built like Matic, but is so much more athletic than that. Covers a ton of ground for such a big player. Shit source so I won't get my hopes up, but we should be all over that shit. Especially when you look at Genk's track record with developing players. If we are actually interested we should move swiftly.
He's very mobile for how big he is...covers a lot of ground and has a surprising turn of pace. Really athletic player. Don't think he'll be able to bully people as easily as he does in Belgium obviously but he is not a ponderous player for how large he is.
Or just look at the list of players Genk has developed over the years. I think there's plenty of evidence he can make the step up.
We need to sign at least two midfielders over the next year or so IMO. Someone like Berge who is young but has the potential to be a frighteningly complete midfielder is a player we should be very interested in. Berge is better defensively than Sissoko for sure, and is a less ponderous player than Dier. He's big but he also covers a lot of ground.
I liked it. Thought it was well constructed . Writing was a bit too snarky and she ran weird but she also had some scenes where she did a great job. Action was mostly forgettable but I liked a lot of the characters and the scenes with her friend and the daughter and the green dudes were good. I like the small ways they tied it into the rest of the movies. Kind of a weird movie tonally as well but lots of it worked.
Don't let him anywhere near the Tottenham pre match meal...
This is the crash that will always make me afraid of flying no matter how irrational it is.
It was ice in the pitot tubes which created a discrepancy in airspeed indication, disconnecting the autopilot. The tubes were improved afterwards.
Yeah I only have a sort of casual interest in aviation...I like to understand a lot of stuff because it helps with my fear of flying, but the lack of common sense and communication shown in this crash is why it has always been so scary to me. If someone trained as extensively as these pilots can panic so much that they behave completely irrationally...
Is there like a threshold for how much conflict they must have to turn the light on? Like if there's 2 degrees difference in pitch between the two sticks is that going to cause the light to come on? I guess I can kind of see that the idea is to take burden off of the pilots physically controlling the aircraft, giving them time to communicate and problem solve. They just completely panicked in this case. Maybe a good counterpoint to this crash would be the Hudson River ditching? I feel like if that was in a Boeing it would have been more difficult to pull off because there would have been more effort put into physically controlling the aircraft and less time for quick problem solving?
My understanding is that MCAS has absolutely nothing to do with this sort of situation, and everything to do with compensating for the slightly different flight dynamics of the MAX due to the engine placement.
Is the pressurization setting part of any of the checklists? Why do I always read this sub before I am going to fly hahaha
Am I missing something? I mean even just reading that, the advent of MCAS is directly because of the way the plane generally handled, and the expansion of MCAS was a direct response to the way the plane handled in potential low-speed stall situations (ie takeoff and landing, not cruise).
Macca and Jenas might actually come to blows if there's anything contentious.
Worse teams have won it not too long ago. Even LFC last year were struggling in the league as they prioritized the later stages of the CL. They were within a game of falling out of the top four, just like us.
When Aurier got hurt he was Serge Aurier, and every game since then he's gotten a little bit better, to the point where he's now basically prime Dani Alves.
The ball can't even make it to Kane lol. We're basically just watching Jan and Toby have a kickabout. Two of the only good situations we've had were because of Kane btw.
I bet 80% of the possession has been between the center backs.
LOL yeah so brave
The midfield is afraid of the ball. No one picking it off the center halves.
Weirdest game ever, no energy or urgency from either team, everyone looks rusty, touches bad all over the place.
You're a moron.
Proud of the team that had no business being here. Both teams rusty and lacked energy so I'm inclined to be a bit more empathetic. Subreddit on the other hand... fucking hell.
The people saying shit like this are just looking for a hot take because he came back from injury, it's such fucking nonsense. The entire level of the game was poor. Kane spent 80 percent of the first half like the rest of us watching Vertonghen and Toby having a kickabout with Hugo. When Kane started getting more involved in the second half he was fine.
You think the players didn't care. Instead of thinking of looking at LFC's performance and other reasons the game played out the way it did, you said the players don't care about the biggest game of their careers. That makes you a moron. Moron.
Well I can't argue with that, so I'll just call you a moron again.
The people saying that Son couldn't control the ball in the first half because of Harry Kane can join them. Most of this sub has no idea what they're watching. We need to rebuild the midfield. We need someone brave enough to come demand the ball off the center backs.
Are you fucking blind? Sonny is not getting blamed for this at all lol.
His first half was dogshit and he was good in the second. I don't see anything close to what people have said about Kane today or the shit you read about Trippier.
My problem with Winks is he still didn't do enough to get the ball off the defenders. You could see both Jan and Toby pissed at Winks and Sissoko for kind of just staying in their positions We were constantly forced into spreading it to the fullbacks. LFC played very narrow and marked Sissoko and Winks aggressively, but left the fullbacks open as sort of a trap for us. You almost miss Dier when we play a 4-2-3-1 because he's really good at going back into defense and giving more options.
It's possible, but that wasn't my feeling as I was watching it. I saw far more instances where Toby and Jan were just basically stuck on the ball with no one showing for it, and we'd slowly move further and further backwards until Hugo had to kick it long. When Dier is in the team he often drops between them even which lets them space out more and gives more angles. You look at Winks map of touches they were still relatively high up the pitch for the most part...he really should have almost been in the back line at times. I'm not sure I agree that our attackers were too static. Some of our best moments in the game came from long balls towards really good runs by Dele and Sonny. I think we just really struggled to move the ball through midfield mostly because we were outnumbered and couldn't really turn easily. I thought Eriksen should have dropped deeper more often, but in the first half he was playing on the right and kind of had to be ready to defend against Robertson. This is something I've talked about before...the awkwardness of getting Eriksen and Dele both into the same system in their best position (it's not possible).
Llorente hasn't bullied a single player all season other than Daley Blind. VVD and Matip would have eaten him for breakfast. People are putting too much stock in Kane failing physically against players who bully everyone physically. I think he could have come on earlier since we needed a goal, but if we're playing one up front there's no way in hell he should have started.
The first sub I would have made would have been Dele for Lucas and then dropped Eriksen deeper and played more of a 4-3-3. Of course who knows how Winks was doing physically...might have been an enforced change. But Eriksen absolutely needed to be taken off the wing and given more of a chance to come grab the fucking ball off the defenders.
He's absolutely in no way the best for a lone striker role in the squad. Harry Kane is, and it's not even close. Sonny is better than Llorente as a lone striker. Llorente at this stage in his career NEEDS two people close to him at all times because he's so static. He needs to be able to do knockdowns and flick ons. He's basically a Spanish Peter Crouch at this point...you would never dream of playing Crouch without someone right up there with him. He works fine in the diamond when we're going direct, like against Ajax. He had Lucas with him and Dele right off him. This game Kane was isolated basically the entire match, Llorente would have been hopeless.
Yeah spot-on about Rose vs Trippier today. Some of our best progressive moments were when Rose got on the ball, but it did again show that we weren't doing a very good job moving the ball through the center where we were outnumbered. Going wide is always much lower percentage.
If you think we didn't try, you are a simple fuck. We have a lot of simple fucks around here, unfortunately. Take a step back and think a bit more, don't just go for the simplest narrative possible.
Indicate to me where I said we played well, please. I'll give you a hint, simple fuck: I didn't. If you perceive that the players are not trying to win and don't care, take a step back and look at it logically. That makes absolutely no sense because even if you think they don't care about the club, they probably have a significant cash bonus for winning the CL with our incentive-heavy contracts. Maybe, just maybe, there might be something else that explains the lethargy from BOTH teams.
Can someone read these posts in the voice of a 60-year old cockney with a beer gut? Basically like Ray Winstone voice sort of?
You can't even type coherently. Just go pass out and delete the posts when you see them and get embarrassed in the morning. You're wrong about the team.
The team's record when he has come back is far better than the record towards the end of the season where he was injured. Win loss stats do lie. Looking at context and performance are more important. There is no empirical evidence. You all keep saying that and then fail to provide it. I'm done arguing about this with people. The bad run we went on towards the end of the season should have ended this shit, but stupid gonna stupid.
BET IN PLAY, NAHHH. Go sleep it off. It's gone, start looking forward to the new season.
That's some interesting empirical evidence you've got there. Tell me, did anyone on either team look "in form" after 3 weeks off? Biased against what, I might add? I have no special attachment to any player at this club. I'm just not obsessed with having a tidy explanation for everything or having a hot take. I watched the match and told you what I saw. You said some bullshit about win loss record, ignoring any sort of context or nuance. For real though, I need to stop getting into this argument with anyone. Anyone who still thinks this after the run-in we had without him needs to just be ignored. Just not worth engaging with.
Sorry, so climb out and approach then? Either way it wasn't expanded because of concerns about issues at cruise speed.
This sub is so fuckin stupid upvoting this nonsense. Imagine still being this upset about this movie, to the point where you randomly inject complete nonsense about it into unrelated threads. Her shit was finished before she died.
Would have been far more disrespectful to change the finished movie to kill her off when that wasn't the intention. It would have been even worse to watch the recently deceased actress's character's corpse floating in space. You're free to not like the scene, but to pretend it's some sort of disrespect just so you can be angrier about this movie and complain about it years later is nonsense.
Why does everyone complaining about this shit come off like some facebook boomer birther lol
U AH MAH QUEEN
No one is really saying spending nothing is an achievement in and of itself. It's the fact that we've competed so well while doing it. People have sort of started to ignore the overwhelming correlation between spending and success because of what we've been able to do. Make no mistake: what we're doing has not been normal. It's absolutely worth being proud of.
If trophies are the only measure of success, what's the point of supporting 95% of teams in world football?
It really is depressing that FUT is basically the whole game to most people. Dreadful game mode. One of the worst things in the gaming industry. Pro Clubs is the only game mode that comes even close to capturing the essence of football , and EA ignores it because most people can't stop spending their parents' money on packs. It's fuckin tragic. A football game where actual football is not the biggest priority.
It's still true as of last season. The gap has not been closing. They signed 70m worth of players and we did nothing. Their fans just whine more and everyone thinks they invest less than us.
It's absolutely his call. He has a contract. It's not the NFL or something.
Please fucking hurry and get the servers down.
The only reason I would like this is if it means we're willing to spend significantly without recouping the losses with a sale. If this is sort of us realizing there's no market for him and means we're out of the running for Lo Celso, I'm not really so positive about it. Lo Celso is the perfect transfer target for us. Young and better-suited to playing deeper than Eriksen. Much more physical player. Could be a Modric level player for us in a few years IMO, and has massive resale value. Love Eriksen but I think Lo Celso has potential to be even better the way the game has been moving. Buying players like that keeps the wheels moving.
This is porn for the Reddit demographic lol
People continue to underplay just how well he handled that Sissoko situation. Think we are so used to defenders playing 2v1s completely wrong that it looks weird when someone actually has the composure to do it right. It's the exact opposite of gambling. He's taking a 90% chance and turning it into a 50-70% chance, depending on who is taking it. If it was Kane maybe he does score, but it's still the right decision. You have one of the best goalkeepers in world football, make the opponent beat him. You commit to the man on the ball at any point before the last moment, he squares it and the keeper is taken out of the equation. Defenders should always take away the sweaty goal in this situation while staying as close to the man on the ball as possible so he can't improve the angle much. Give your keeper a chance to make a save.
It's okay to admit he made a couple of mistakes. He's not inhuman... it's pointless to bring them up when he's been pretty immaculate all season but we don't need to pretend he did nothing wrong in that match. Messi situation the mistake was before the tap in. Messi was always getting to that ball first, but VVD was still poor earlier in the move when he lost track of someone.
Ledley King at his best is what a lot of this video reminded me of. The calmness, almost never fouling, looks like he's playing at half speed because he's always in position, the recovery pace, the accuracy of challenges. Combining those skills with the physique of a typical Tony Pulis goon is what really sets him apart from everyone I've ever watched. There are defenders who are as good as him at reading the game, there are defenders who are as big and strong as him, there are defenders who are as fast as him, there are defenders who can pass as well as him, there are defenders who organize the backline as well as he does. But he's the only one who has all of that.
Didn't watch him a lot... just the calmness aspect reminded me of a player I knew well. Obviously VVD much better than King and could do things he couldn't, but King was famously very good at defending without having to go to ground or foul.
Maybe I read it wrong, but my impression when I responded was that he originally framed it as if VVD made the riskier decision and got lucky. What VVD did was minimizing risk. It would have been far riskier to commit to Sissoko. It wasn't the correct decision just because it was Sissoko either. No matter who it was, that's the right way to play it. At any rate this is pretty much semantics.
I still watch that every now and then. I love how everyone knows what's coming as soon as he says he went to see Wild Wild West, but it's still hilarious.
Trust me you should be thankful.
Whoever originally wrote this probably had a fedora on his fedora...
Closer to how Modric played than Chris. Runs with the ball far more, more physical. Better suited to playing deep than Chris imo.
What the fuck happened to Schneiderlin? He was legitimately unbelievable in 13/14. Never wanted us to sign someone more than that.
I wish we'd got him in Pochettino's first season still. He had that injury his last season at Southampton which might not have helped. I feel like maybe having the continuity of manager might have given him a better chance. He was ultimately naive to sign that last contract I think. Fell for the old "gentleman's agreement" lol. I do feel a little bad for him because he was sort of the guy who got left behind when most of the other big players got their moves and the manager left. Obviously he went to an even bigger club a year later but he was very upset when he couldn't go with Pochettino.
Winger? Didn't he play in central midfield mostly this season?
Not at all... he's a playmaker. Not nearly as physical as Sissoko but moreso than Eriksen.
Benny Hill music, stat.
I have gigabit Xfinity and still have a 1tb cap. I can go over two times on the house but starting 3rd time I start getting charged per gig.
I've been camped for many an hour. It's unpleasant. The difference is I didn't have an army of zoomers working the virtual sweatshops to make it easier for me to progress in the game. I couldn't call in the calvary to kill the people camping me. I wasn't making a great living while it was happening. Basically he's encouraging his fans to harass people. It's indefensible. He's exactly what I knew he was. I also think it's rich that in the video he says he doesn't want any of the benefits of streaming. It is entirely within his power to forego them... let's see how that goes LOL.
Right, he basically called on his followers to harass and blacklist anyone who kills him. That's much better. Don't you have gold to farm for him? Get back to work.
The dynamic is much different because he's openly inciting harassment without having a shred of proof that it was stream sniping.
Yes?
Awful article, mostly awful posts in this thread.
Don't you mean George ?
You stupid sad fucks are legitimately justifying death threats now lol. Get the fuck over it.
Looool, that's gonna piss some epic gamers off. Ergo, I'm all for it.
People here think the prequels are good movies... it's extremely safe to conclude most of you are clueless.
George Lucas himself fucked up Star Wars 10 years ago lol.
So if I don't accept that death threats are a justifiable response to a TV show declining in quality, I am happy with the way the show turned out? What a wonderful group of well adjusted folks we have on this subreddit lol.
Prequel memes went from people mocking them to people unironically thinking they're good movies and bashing the sequels. I don't even like TLJ but the amount of people still obsessed with it is astonishing. Never seen a movie that generated a thriving subreddit dedicated to hating it almost two years after the fact .
Sekiro's posture mechanic I think is probably the perfect way to deal with this problem, I wish they could have ripped it off. Just make most of the mobs fodder that die with one hit, and use posture as a way to deal with more challenging foes. When you watch the films that's basically how the duels play out--blocking attacks and maybe landing a glancing blow or two until you get a clean opening, then game over.
I don't think that's 100% true. I think they could definitely do it in a way that's not gratuitous. Obviously if it was perfectly realistic to the made up physics involved, limbs would be flying every which way every time you hit something. I don't think people are asking for that. I think the movies even show more than we saw in the gameplay trailers. I understand there are different standards but I've seen occasional lightsaber dismemberment in games like Jedi Outcast (even without the console command) and Force Unleashed which kept Teen ratings.
Most (all?) Star Wars games have shied away from that. It predates Disney. The JK games required a console command to make it happen with any frequency. Lightsabers in the films and games have never really fully behaved as such a weapon actually would in terms of the amount of body parts that would be flying. George himself was very big on making shit kid-friendly long before Disney. I think they could make this game a bit more violent and keep the Teen rating, and I also don't think there's any evidence at all that Disney is the big reason they aren't doing it.
I really am trying to genuinely understand how this does a disservice to anything or brings any sort of negative attention and I'm drawing a blank. Anyone who isn't a frothing moron is capable of understanding the context. It's going to provoke the particular brand of subnormal losers that are ubiquitous on reddit, but your average well-adjusted person isn't going to become enraged by this.
I know there are probably still worse options than Michael Bradley in our squad, but I just hate watching that bald head glistening in the night as he struggles to move around and makes pretty much every wrong decision.
We have one of the best (if not the best) soccer-specific stadiums in the country...maybe not ideal for attendance since it's only about 20k capacity but it's a pretty immaculate stadium for playing football, and it's brand new.
Meh. I've seen absolutely nothing reassuring from Berhalter. It'll be a while before we play a decent team in a competitive game so I'm not going to completely judge him though. He's at least incorporated some more interesting players than Arena did. Still think if Klinsmann had been American there's no possible way the opinion on his sacking would be even close to what it is now. Not necessarily a mistake to get rid of him, but I don't think too highly of either of the subsequent coaches. Certainly hasn't moved us forward one bit.
You're delusional.
How are there not more mentions of The Prodigy? Fat of the Land was 7 years old but half that record was fucking ubiquitous in the community during vanilla lol. Also a few other songs like Spitfire from newer stuff.
My understanding was always that you were not meant to genuinely "get into" Soil. It was just one song that achieved meme status along with that horseshit power metal warriors crap because they were in the Pat video.
Yeah it's hilarious that people here are desperate for Mike and CDPR to be some Right-leaning KiA denizens bravely fighting for the rights of oppressed gamers. He ain't one of those people, thank fuck. It is perfectly possible to be progressive but also understand that the presence of crass or problematic shit in your fictional game world is not an endorsement of the ideology behind it. To me it seems transparent that a small segment of the gaming press has sort of earmarked anything CDPR does for this type of criticism, and at times it has been borderline nonsensical and unsupported. You're allowed to see the silliness in this without aligning yourself with the "epic gamer" crazies.
The prequels are fucking garbage.
They invented it really!
Nah, this place is uniquely deranged. There's no doubt about it.
I'm so glad they did a more purposeful combat system in this game. I was dreading the stupid anime shit. Demo was pretty boring but it seems pretty clear it wasn't the best representative of what the game is all about. Definitely looking forward to this now.
Lmao is it that dude again? He's utterly deranged. Seriously feel for him.
No other game could ever have a community with enough crazy to sustain such a subreddit. I know exactly the dude who was posting, and he is seriously unwell. Literally all he does is post about how DotA is secretly the biggest game in the world and everyone else is cheating. I wonder how someone who actually loves the game that much can possibly be so insecure and obsessed with perception.
All the mismanagement that has gone on at Arsenal over the last decade and they want to somehow blame Tony Pulis for losing this player or something?
Net spend *is* increasingly irrelevant in this market when it comes to gauging the quality of a squad. LFC are much closer in terms of wages and the discrepancy in gross spend is about half of the discrepancy in net spend. LFC have to be more clever in how they spend money, there is no doubt about that. But they are still accessing similar level players, paying comparable fees for them, and giving them comparable salaries. Liverpool fans have admitted it themselves: the money they received for the Coutinho sale was not proportional to the loss of quality they suffered in their squad. No they can't spend as willy nilly as City, but they have built a comparable team nonetheless.
It's not Liverpool's *fault*, but it is worth noting in the sense that net spend doesn't directly correlate to the reasonable expectations of a squad. I don't think Spurs should be expected to compete around Fulham or w/e because we've spent less than them net over the last few years. It's interesting to look at net spend as a way to sort of gauge how much room for error teams have in the market, but trying to set expectations based on it when the wages are much closer and the discrepancy in gross fees is about half as big is kind of ridiculous. LFC have done extremely well in the market...they should be applauded for it. We shouldn't be pretending the squad they've built has no business competing at the top of European football, however.
Are they under investigation for allegedly paying players more than the reported financial statements? I thought it was more about basically avoiding FFP by making up bullshit revenue. I guess it's possible they're paying all their players way more under the table. I'll wait until we see facts before just declaring it as truth. Sounds like unfounded nonsense to me though.
I've not contradicted myself once. The numbers do indeed speak for themselves. Liverpool's wage bill is very competitive with City's, and that is historically a much better indicator of the quality of a squad than net spend. Net spend is useful for looking at the financial philosophy or limits of a club, but it should not be used as a gauge for the quality of the playing squad. I'm basically saying that LFC should be praised for being more efficient in the transfer window than Man City, but we shouldn't pretend the squad that they've ultimately built has no business being compared to theirs. I see a lot of the latter, and it's nonsense.
Are there people who actually like JP Dellacamera? People who don't work at FOX preferably?
That's interesting, can you link me to or provide a source for some of the "lots of stuff like this" for individual players? I wouldn't be surprised at all, I just would like to see something concrete. Are the salaries reported of the players in this article different than what has been reported elsewhere?
I definitely think there's something to be said about how the explosion in TV money is creating an environment where expectations can be defied more frequently. I also believe there are diminishing returns in spending, and more clubs now have access to \~30m players, which you can still build a pretty good team out of. That said, there's something you mentioned that's pretty important to this: &gt;Two top 6 data points from **this year alone** I think we're seeing outliers in the grand scheme of things. What United and Spurs are doing is incredibly unusual. The post-Fergie period for United has been catastrophic underachievement. And no, I don't think Pochettino has received nearly enough credit for what he's done with our team...it is not normal at all. Longer term trends are very clear about which financial metrics correlate with success. Again, I'm not saying what LFC have done is not impressive. City can sort of brute force the market to build their squads, you have to be slightly more careful. But the result is still a squad that *should* compete for trophies every year. I see people selling the team short to sort of make it look like they are overachieving more than they actually are. As for Spurs, I actually do think it's pretty clear we operate in a vastly different realm than the other top six. We can probably compete with Arsenal for most players now, but we still spend far closer to clubs like Everton. The thing about LFC is this: there are probably only one or two players in the world that LFC couldn't compete with City for. Like if City wanted Neymar or something they could probably host enough orgies or make enough shady payments to win out over Liverpool, but 99% of the players both teams can meet their demands. Spurs are really not in that position at all. Maybe we're on the verge of breaking our wage structure finally and paying players their market value, but I still think there are many many players we just have no chance of signing.
How about this one? Cameroon should be down at least one player.
I've enjoyed watching this tournament so far, and there has been some really decent stuff played going forward even in this game, but fucking hell you just know Richard Keys and Andy Gray are pissing themselves somewhere watching some of this shit.
This shit is so heavy-handed in this tournament, it's fucking astonishing.
Please, please just make it stop lmao
I think we need to do a VAR check at each minute to see if both teams indeed have 11 players on the pitch. See if we can make this a 12 hour match.
That game was like your average redditor's wet dream lol
The biggest problem IMO is how aggressive the federations and broadcasters are at pulling shit that's actually good. To me it seems like the best way to keep a channel going is to make it as incoherent as possible with low-quality sources that are usually just ripped from other YT videos, big watermarks everywhere, lots of overwrought effects and cuts, etc. This results in annoying content, and you also miss a lot of subtle stuff because most of your shit is just highlights that everyone has already seen. You really have to put in some time to find the good stuff. I really wanted to get into making clean every-touch compilations back in the day but I think I lasted about 4 videos before I got shitcanned. There used to be tons of good channels for that type of stuff but now it's less common. There are a handful of leagues where you can still get away with it, but the PL or any UEFA competition will end your shit right quick. I really wish I could get back into it. I don't think the leagues have the right idea at all with how aggressive they are about it. As long as no one is actually making money off it I don't see how it can be a negative for them.
Who is the audience that is demanding this implementation of VAR? Reddit is a hotbed of pedantic 20-something undergraduate STEM majors who are sexually excited by cold analysis to find the "objective" truth and even they aren't sold on this crap. It should be here to fix blatant injustice, nothing more.
Yeah fuck that shit. If it's close enough that some would give it and some wouldn't, you should be yielding to the initial decision. It should fix the shit that everyone sees is wrong. It should not be invoked on every fucking incident so the ref can see it in slow motion. When it's this close it's not meaningful to change it...the only thing it does is piss people off and slow the game down.
I feel like everyone who had the misfortune of seeing that live has a case for #MeToo.
Yeah WoW was definitely not a particularly original game, but it was a massive landmark for the genre. It was an extremely accessible MMO that attracted more casual players who maybe couldn't stomach some of the unforgiving and time-consuming systems in other games.
Hide your horses from this guy.
It wasn't merely "large" in the MMO community. It completely redefined the genre. There are almost certainly orders of magnitude more people in the MMO community who started with WoW than people who played something else before it. Vanilla wasn't mainstream in the sense that frat boys were playing it, but in the context of gaming it was instantly extremely popular and easily the most approachable MMO. A lot of people resented the game for what it did to the genre and for the casuals who started playing it. I don't really care about its popularity with the general public. That's completely irrelevant. Within the context of gaming it has never for one minute been niche.
See I see games like that and my first thought is still how new they are and how it was much better playing shit like Tribes and the original Jedi Knight and BF1942 and CoD1 and GoldenEye etc etc etc. Thanks for reminding me what an old fuck I am.
I mean, Vanilla *was* massively flawed. It's a profoundly broken game on several levels. But the reasons for that have nothing to do with the reasons people will quit before they hit 30. I don't think there's a lot wrong with the leveling experience.
Might as well close the sub down.
He's way way looser on the ball than Dembele. A lot of heavier touches that will be punished more in England IMO. But he's a more aggressive player going forward. I still think we need a real DM even if we do manage to sign him.
As opposed to all the edgy niche Star Wars games that LucasArts were popping out left right and center before the IP was sold lol. Nothing about Star Wars has ever been aimed at anything but the masses.
Think they're brave doing a slower and deliberate combat system when their core demographic wants as much incoherent flopping about and anime shit as possible. Looks fine to me , will be more interested to actually see some footage that shows the structure of the game more. They're still showing stuff that makes it look like Uncharted more than the other types of games that influenced it. I hope higher difficulty makes the blaster shots faster though.
I honestly don't understand the contortions you people have to go through to have been around before Disney bought Star Wars and still genuinely convince yourselves that this shit started with them lol. Are you all still so obsessed with TLJ that you have to make shit up to make the consequences even worse than they are? It's fuckin nonsense. Like was there a steady stream of super edgy Star Wars games where the Reddit demographic could live their dream of being a space Nazi before Disney bought the IP? Did I just miss this or something? Star Wars was a simple good vs evil space adventure that appealed heavily to kids, basically from day 1. And if you want to blame someone for taking it even further in that direction, look no further than George himself. 95% of anything to do with Star Wars has always been very safe and controlled. I realize there are books and shit that go in more ambiguous directions, but the vast majority of Star Wars fans understand it as it exists in the films. Star Wars has always underachieved as a video game IP. There have been maybe a dozen good games in 30+ years, and fuckin none of them have been some morally ambiguous meditation on why it's actually okay to be a space Nazi.
If you want to argue that the volume of games has gone down you'll have to find someone who disagrees with you lol. I'm simply disagreeing with the idea that Star Wars games were niche before Disney. Laughable assertion. Oh by the way. It's all based on the fucking movies.
No I mean the prequels which are basically a protracted excuse to sell toys to children. Dark shit happened in the OT. The PT did some shit off screen because it was necessary to facilitate a story we already knew was coming, but other than the last act of rots they were childish. What didn't happen in the OT were fart and poop jokes and a constant stream of slapstick. I dare you to watch AotC and say it introduced an edgier mature tone to Star Wars lol. I understand I'm in this bizarro world of Reddit where everyone grew up with these shitty ass movies and are convinced the prequels are an underappreciated tragedy to rival Shakespeare, but it's just fuckin nonsense to say the hyper commercialization of Star Wars began with Disney. I never played the force unleashed precisely because it appeared to be an incoherent edgelord mess with anime shit. I guess I had the right idea. Maybe I need to reevaluate my argument here. I can probably concede that Disney is less likely to make games where you slaughter beloved characters or unapologetically play as a space Nazi or weeb run all over the place with backwards held lightsabers. Instead I guess I might question whether or not these sorts of things are actually super crucial to making a good Star Wars game. I think if you look at the best games in the IP it's pretty clearly not the case. I think if you want to make an argument about Disney , it should be entirely about the exclusive contract with EA. That has surely played a major part in stifling the volume of Star Wars games. Everyone seems to be preoccupied with the content being less mature or something, when other than 4-5 outliers in 30 years it's really not all that different.
Fuckin hell they don't even compete in the same categories lol. This sub is borderline deranged.
I played all of the old Star Wars flight sims. They were indeed great, but I think it's generous to call them heavily story-based. I think you pretty much made my point for me, actually. Those games didn't have very in-depth storytelling or role playing elements. You were not encouraged to sympathize with the ideology of the Empire. It was just a fun game where you got to fly Imperial ships. It was mostly superficial, just like the Disney era games where you can play as the baddies in some capacity. I think basically Star Wars games have been mostly bad for a long time, and the trend started before Disney. The idea that Disney has come in and ruined it by sanitizing something that was previously super risky is complete nonsense. The BF2 campaign not letting you stay as a space Nazi the whole time is used as an example of this, and that seems disingenuous given it's not really out of line with vast majority of Star Wars games of any era. Ultimately it's the quality of the gameplay that has always been the problem with Star Wars. I think Disney has hurt the games by signing an exclusive deal with EA and thus limiting volume of releases, but people are barely talking about that. They think it's because Disney is forcing ideology on consumers or being kid friendly or whatever. That's bullshit.
I wish Qatar would bribe me to shill for them. My sphere of influence is pretty non-existent but I'd be much cheaper.
Dier is good in a 4231 if he gets back in form for sure. This would also help Eriksen and Dele both play further forward. Still wouldn't say no to buying a specialist DM. Three man midfield with DM, Ndombele, Sissoko would be really modern. Tons of range and energy. Fullbacks might be a big issue there though.
I was thinking David Silva for a while but lost it at Suarez and Mourinho. And I'm sure he's played against Neymar too.
Then when did he play with Ramos?
Not like this...I was gonna fire up multiple computers and get a fucking control room going to solve this shit. Also has Mata really never once played against Neymar?
Offline FIFA is twice as frustrating once you get a couple hundred hours in lol. The way they choose to implement difficulty is complete nonsense.
Same boat lol. It's my most played game pretty much every year because it captures enough things about football well enough to addict me while simultaneously getting so so much wrong and pissing me off. I'm just glad I have no interest in garbage ass FUT or I'd be broke on top of being frustrated.
Fuckin hell he's like the Hans Landa of Prohibition agents. The Booze Hunter.
I fuckin hate this guy more than any other American commentator. "It's in the net!" is literally his fuckin catch phrase. He sounds like Tom Hanks aggressively cumming ffs.
How on earth have you got that out of reading that post? He's basically saying that playing a two-man midfield who both like to run forward with the ball is going to limit both of them. I'm not sure I 100% agree with that because Ndombele played really well in a double pivot at times, but he's not calling anyone a defensive liability. Personally I think Sissoko isn't very well-suited to a two-man midfield because he's not really comfortable taking the ball out of defense like Dier or Winks or Ndombele.
I have no doubt.
I compared him to one of the most accomplished actors of all time at the height of his pleasure. What more do you want?
This is completely spot on regarding JP. He's been doing it long enough that he should be way more knowledgeable than he is. The terminology and everything he uses is extremely grating but even if you ignore that superficial stuff he's just not very good.
I absolutely did no such thing, but now that you mention it, maybe there's something in that if it's this upsetting to you.
I'm just a humble motherfucker with a big-ass dick.
Swiss Charlie Adam is ghostwriting web articles now?
Aulas stumbling around the bowels of the stadium with a baguette tucked under his arm and a bottle of wine in hand screaming "WHERE IS IT?" as Levy cackles over the PA system.
The onus is on you to provide evidence for a claim. Basically you've just said some bullshit about being 22 and totally not being a bad player. That's no more valuable than my recollection, which is that shit was indeed just as easy as it is in Classic. People have always overstated the difficulty of Vanilla and I've believed that long before Classic was a possibility. You're basically using the fact that you have no evidence as a positive to your point lol.
Speak for yourself.
I beseech the big shots: let brave Brad Bobley coach the broads.
It's the purple hair and bringing her heretical gay leftist politics into our red blooded American sport.
Did he see who scored it ? He might want to rethink that.
He certainly can, he just probably shouldn't.
You are doing a bit more than giving an opinion. You are stating with a high degree of certainty that things that have been done in beta were impossible in vanilla pre-1.12 , based on your immeasurable prowess as a gamer and age at the time. There are ways to frame an opinion that leave plenty of room for you being full of shit.
I love Tobin.
Nah my wife timed her run perfectly.
I mean she was where she should be, but Alex and Tobes made that one happen 100%.
*coughs* behemoth
Yeah I could see it being sensible in a system like Man City where they use the right back as basically an auxiliary midfielder 90% of the time. It isn't that uncommon to see teams using that sort of philosophy with fullbacks right now. I think it goes without saying I'm talking more about us though :) Think our attack is too narrow to get away with someone like Foyth there...we need the athleticism and range.
I wouldn't be remotely surprised if it was classic WoW players lol. Lot of folks over there who are a couple of cards short of a full deck.
I think I watched a documentary about that.
I recently visited LA and I have never been more terrified of being in a car. Better drivers than some other places for sure, but it's dense and fast. Felt like the margin for error was much smaller than anywhere in USA I've been. I think it was 110 north of downtown that's like a fucking formula 1 track, and they've got motherfuckers trying to merge from stop signs with no acceleration lane. It's like some Mad Max shit.
Actually much simpler than it looks. Perspective isn't actually changing at all...just a video playing back and forward with an animated mask and animated mouse pointer / bounding box.
This is true but I still don't think Mourinho was the right manager to coax the best version of Oscar out of the player who was signed from Brazil. Oscar was smart and hard-working enough to adapt his game to Mourinho's demands, but I feel like he ultimately regressed in some of the areas where he was so impressive at Inter.
This is spot-on. Inter he would often carry the ball from deeper and he was really fucking good at it. He was smart enough and worked hard enough to adapt to what Mourinho wanted out of him but it still changed him and didn't really nurture his best instincts and attributes. I think he'd do well as a central midfielder the way the game has changed even in the few years since he left.
Coutinho is a victim of his own lack of versatility. One of the smartest things Klopp ever did was selling high on him if he knew he couldn't fully adapt to playing as a CM. Game has changed a lot even in the last two years.
So I would say there's been a fairly noticeable shift at most top top clubs away from any system that is built around specialist playmakers. Maybe two years is a slight exaggeration, but it's really not much more than that. Most top clubs are trying to build versatile three-man midfields predicated on pressing and/or resisting press. There are a number of players who were considered top attacking midfielders even 2-4 years ago who are now either playing in central midfield or declining in reputation. Furthermore, I think Coutinho's very specific niche of being sort of a wide playmaker is particularly outdated. Vast majority of wide players are now basically forwards because the game is so much about transitions right now.
