What do you think of the Rascals?
I don't believe in any gods, so I reject your first premise. Now what?
They don't pay the checkout staff enough to care about your purchases and nobody else in the store will care either as they're all too focused on their shopping.
Yep. She hated council housing as she believed that it created Labour voters. Homeowners on the other hand, were more likely to vote Tory. Especially if they had been given a huge discount on the cost of buying their home by the Tories.
This is precisely the mentality that shows why healthcare and more importantly, medical research should not be run for profit by private corporations. Nobody's health should be held hostage by company shareholders.
No.
That's what she said...
Especially as the owner takes zero shit from Yelp reviewers.
I was thinking Bonaparte from Dominion: Tank Police.
&gt;edit: I need to get to bed gentlemen. Please stop. giving me negative karma. Thanks Perhaps if you had sound arguments, we would.
But when it does work, it's fantastic.
They also baked a giant Jaffa cake using all the ingredients they use in the regular ones, just to prove they were cakes. Does anyone else really want Mcvities to release giant Jaffa cakes now?
&gt;Sainsbo's No. Just... No.
Nah. Best thing to do is use it to post some lead back to them.
That looks like a cowboy special there.
Same way you get to Carnegie Hall. Practice.
Sounds like [invention](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Invention) to me.
"But socialism bad!!!!!" - Trumpflakes crying out in unison
I would so buy this if we could get Haynes to do official owner's manuals.
&gt;smartest man in the world &gt;wants to prove god exists Yeah, the second part kinda disproves the first part.
https://i.imgur.com/PMng1Ip.jpg
Fun fact: Anthony Eden's home ended up becoming a school. A school which I went to.
Hand it in at the nearest police station.
Wind turbines tend to not spread a radioactive cloud for miles when they break down. EDIT: To whoever downvoted me, can you provide a single instance of a wind turbine releasing a cloud of radioactive material after a catastrophic failure?
Shouldn't Garibaldi's be an Italian restaurant?
&gt;Jakar G'Kar.
Well, we don't have a mass shooting in the news every day, so there's that I guess.
Schroedinger's bank balance.
Are they hiring?
Maybe they had their own teabags that they preferred.
That looks like one of the LAN gaming sections in a GAME store.
You mean Festivus?
Yeah, see we didn't have our chicken farmers lobby our politicians to make salmonella vaccination voluntary instead of mandatory, so we don't need to refrigerate our eggs.
Having smashed it against a table first to give it lots of sharp, jagged edges.
Photoshop, because he's worth shit.
Gladly!
I don't care how it's spelled in real life. That's how his name is spelled in the show.
Since we're talking about the characters in the show owning restaurants, it would be spelled as it is in the show.
&gt;Oh god no, not a calor heater. They throw out a lot of moisture. That and carbon monoxide poisoning isn't fun.
Turns out Maplin was just pining for the fjords.
Ah yes, what male teenager back then didn't have either a poster of a supercar or that one of the girl playing tennis and giving a cheeky arse flash to the camera on their bedroom wall.
So, Norfolk has devolved over 800,000 years, then?
That one is like nails down a blackboard for me.
He heard it on the grapevine.
[Obligatory David Mitchell rant.](https://youtu.be/om7O0MFkmpw)
It's from the comments on a Young Turks video.
And AOL is America Online.
Allow me to translate. "The Young Turks are slowly drifting into obscurity, like America Online, the ISP that hardly anyone uses any more. Goodbye."
The Young Turks are not terrorists. That was just that MAGAlodon's attempt at humour.
Nickelback: The School Years.
Tips for adjusting to UK life: * Start drinking tea now. Whilst coffee is quite prevalent, we are predominantly a tea drinking nation, so you will need to know how to make a cup properly. * We drive on the left over here and our roads are a lot smaller than you're used to. Also, automatic transmissions are much less popular over here, so if you're not used to driving stick, find a friend who drives a stick shift and ask them if you can practice before you come over. * Yes, we have many of the food chains you have over there. The smaller portion sizes will probably be a bit of a shock, though. * Tipping is nowhere near as common over here. The general rule is that you tip in restaurants, but only for exceptional service. Bar staff are not usually tipped with every drink, but if you want to reward them for good service, say "and one for yourself" and they will either get themselves a drink on you, or they will add the cost of a drink to your order total and enjoy it when they're off shift. Some pubs or bars will have a tip jar on the bar. * Speaking of pubs, the vast majority don't have table service. Drinks are ordered at the bar and you take them to where you are sitting. If you're with a group of friends, you need to learn the etiquette of 'the round'. Each person in the group takes it in turn to buy the drinks for the whole group. That is a 'round' of drinks. If money is a bit tight, state this at the start of the night and say that you'll get your own. This will excuse you from the round system for the night. If you pick an expensive drink when it's not your round, don't substitute something cheaper when it's your round. This is very bad form and will result in everyone else ordering expensive drinks when your round comes again.
Meat taste good.
Because you don't win friends with salad.
I live with that. Vegan would only try stop me eat meat.
Yes.
The inevitable heat death of the universe.
Watch Fox News?
Don't forget the MAGA hat.
Trumpflakes.
And this is where my special room in Hell would be. ***If I had one!***
Fuck Chad.
Did it died?
Because people are stupid.
Brains that stop getting oxygen experience strange shit. That's what happened to you. We can trigger this in active brains now by direct stimulation.
Red Dwarf. The IT Crowd. Both of these have actually had cringe-inducing US pilots made. Twice in the case of Red Dwarf.
I think if government provided enough funding to ensure every school could provide an outstanding education for their pupils, there would be no need for league tables.
That's what the Tories never see, though. They're always after the short term gain.
The ones who haven't signed an exclusive supply contract with either company.
I tried it once. Planted a whole row of ~~eggs~~ chicken seeds and watered them every day, but didn't get any results.
Primark did the same in Norwich, but it's only temporary until they finish rebuilding their old store.
ITT: People with poor English comprehension.
They're not. Read up on the actual science instead of bullshit apologetics.
'Made' implies a maker. Try to use 'exists' instead. It's more intellectually honest.
None, then. Any deity that is insecure enough to require constant adoration by their creations is a deity not worth that adoration.
&gt;Lip reading experts seem to agree Well, those who weren't hired by Rupert Murdoch do.
[No, he obviously didn't.](https://evolvepolitics.com/watch-no-jeremy-corbyn-did-not-call-theresa-may-a-stupid-woman-heres-the-proof-video/?fbclid=IwAR0N6njUmWP3Ygwb8LZNndd_sIezlKCxYwfoqly3b9IH9OtV45GmbZxGjcc) EDIT: Well, clearly there's at least ~~2~~ 3 people here that enjoy denying reality.
[Actually,](https://evolvepolitics.com/watch-no-jeremy-corbyn-did-not-call-theresa-may-a-stupid-woman-heres-the-proof-video/?fbclid=IwAR0N6njUmWP3Ygwb8LZNndd_sIezlKCxYwfoqly3b9IH9OtV45GmbZxGjcc) we can be absolutely sure that he didn't say it.
Back in the days when computers were basically just giant rooms filled with racks of valves, there would be technicians with shopping trolleys filled with replacement valves and they'd send surges down the racks to cause valves that were close to failing to fail early in order to minimise downtime.
They're all called that.
How about no.
I'm Brian of Nazareth.
Only the true Messiah would deny his own divinity.
Who?
No wonder he called. £12 doesn't really buy you much coke these days.
No, you have your own *hypothesis*.
Magic Man in sky done did everything.
Was he taken to the vets to get his snowballs removed?
Yes, you're quite right. That should have read "*idea he pulled out of his arse*"
Tri*fuck*ta.
If you're not doing too many card transactions, look into replacing your card machine with one of the flat fee machines like iZettle or Square.
Well, after buying out Hungry House they damn well should.
Yes, but Hungry House also had plenty of takeaways on their books.
So how much was your sense of humour bypass surgery?
It's still going on Radio 4.
Please provide evidence for either a soul or an afterlife.
He's mentioned in the Book of Eric.
Provide evidence that this fate exists.
You must get really angry when you look in the mirror, then.
Nope. The existence of the universe is evidence that a universe exists. It says nothing about *why* or *how* it exists.
But you believe your god came from nothing.
That'll be the Dunning-Kruger kicking in, then.
I rose from the dead once. Do you believe my personal testimony?
I believe you're just a plain fool.
Now you're getting it!
It's you as well.
You can be an atheist and still be agnostic. Theism and gnosticism pertain to belief and knowledge respectively, so one can be an agnostic atheist if you don't *know* that a god exists, but lack *belief* in any due to the complete lack of evidence.
They're definitely the future for card transactions.
If Spiderman doesn't exist, why is there a New York?
How arrogant to think you deserve answers.
I miss the good old days of Deadenders with Ethel as the Mrs Slocombe-esque comic relief character who was always throwing out double entendres about her Willy.
Yep. Amazon Basics or Monoprice. No need to pay the ridiculous prices for Monster cables, which the sales staff at Pissy World will always try and flog you.
[I didn't have any problems finding one.](https://flic.kr/p/LJgX7)
[I didn't have any problems finding one.](https://flic.kr/p/LJgX7)
Such low effort trolling.
&gt;First time I went, it was 5 years ago.The rituals scared me, as if I was with dangerous people. Given the number of paedophiles that end up being found in churches, 5 year old you had some pretty good instincts.
So it was. Clearly, I was not braining when I posted that.
That's what Mrs. Claus says, anyway.
Oh, I have an open mind. It's just not so open that my brain falls out.
Eh, I'll do that later.
Couldn't get Archbishop Makarios, then?
Whatever! You ain't my real Dad/Mum/Non-binary caregiver!
Eh, I'll do that tomorrow. Wait...
&gt;And Danny Dyer is a cunt. Fun fact: Danny Dyer always has a rider on his movie contracts that the production team must provide him with his own private stash of Redbull during filming. I know this because I was an extra on Malice In Wonderland and a runner slipped me a can from his stash.
Mcindire
Well, it is now.
&gt;I need a computer which is flexible with the keys however. Wat? &gt;The Macs are turbo boosted. Nope, they're not. Their processors are exactly the same as you would get in a HP or a Dell.
No.
&gt;The only thing I need, is keys that are easy to type on I suggest going into a store and trying out the keyboards on the display computers. &gt;and turbo performance, so the page doesn't crash. You have no idea what you're talking about, do you. &gt;Also a computer which is compatible with flash. PCs are compatible with Flash, but HTML 5 is fast making Flash obsolete. &gt;the Mac I am using at the moment, it feels like I really have to press hard on the key for it to produce. and it takes ages to load. I need something to accommodate my drive and work ethic, not something that slows me down. So, not a Mac then?
Then get another Mac.
You could get a Raspberry Pi and run OpenOffice. That would be perfectly adequate for word processing. Word processing does not take up anywhere near as much processing power as you seem to think it does.
Someone clearly doesn't understand burden of proof.
We don't. *NEXT!*
You need some serious psychiatric help. Please seek it.
Uh, no.
Pissy World!
You think I'm joking, but I'm not.
The IBM Model M.
The IBM Model M is widely regarded as one of the best keyboards of all time and is highly sought after by PC gamers.
So instead of feeding people, we should have practiced eugenics?
I'm getting cancer just looking at that.
Darude's version was better.
And air forces around the world will be training pigs to fly their planes.
RIP your graphics card.
*slain.
She probably went out hunting round all the local Goodwills.
/r/thathappened.
Don't underestimate the power of stupid people in large numbers.
\*sniffs\* Yep, that's definitely shit right there.
Hmm... Let me get back to you on that...
\*Russian accent\* XBox exclusive, PS4 exclusive... All developed on PC!
PC doesn't care. It's got more games available for it than all three consoles combined.
I dunno. There's a pretty big omorashi omutsu community in Japan.
Atheism is not the *negation* of the claim 'God exists'. It is the rejection of it because there is no evidence.
Indeed. We would love to see more of her. She's cute.
The Big Bang model says nothing of the sort.
Why? Scared you'll lose?
Even though he not only knew /u/bfurman78 would end up as an atheist, but must have planned for that to happen?
Would you change *yours*?
Can you provide evidence that they're not?
You have a fear of long-haired rabbits?
The discussion, your faith. Take your pick.
Which one?
Yep. Can't honestly ask your question without first considering mine.
'You' are a unique combination of matter combined with a lifetime of experiences. Any 'you' born to different parents would be so different, it couldn't be considered 'you'.
'You' wouldn't be anywhere, as 'you' never existed.
Is that RonRon?
Atheism is not a worldview. It is just a position on a claim.
Stunning as usual, Doc.
&gt;I detest the new touch screen self ordering system, it's aweful. I like them. Saves time queuing if you're paying by card.
Cellar temperature is the term I think you're looking for.
[Obligatory Mitchell and Webb clip.](https://youtu.be/j4hvh5e8-nw)
Also: "You're from England? Do you know my friend, he lives in England."
[Here you go.](https://i.imgur.com/PSNn3s8.png)
\*twitch\*
That's because you *are* a monster.
What?
With hearty laughter, usually.
"What kind of job would you like to do?" "The one that I had to take a day off from to come here."
Have my upvote.
&gt;God exists Prove it.
Uh, Anthony Hopkins was Odin. Chris Hemsworth is Thor.
No.
Yes, because you're the ones making the positive claim. We're just saying "prove it".
&gt;On the theist side, it's "God made it" No, on the theist side it's "We don't know, let's invent some fantastical story with zero evidence to back it up and perpetuate it for thousands of years".
White bread.
Pretty sure that's still a sign of wealth now.
Yes, CBD products are legal in the UK. Vaping indoors is at venue discretion.
These words. They look like English, but not in any recognisable configuration that makes sense.
&gt;Which bit needs clarifying? Everything. Punctuation might help as well. &gt;I’m aware it’s prolix. What?
See, that wasn't so hard, was it.
It's a civil issue. The police are right, not in their wheelhouse.
That's because you're not supposed to write the whole story in the title. There is a normal post text box for putting the bulk of your text in when you submit a post.
I hope you took your dog to the vets afterwards. Chocolate is toxic to dogs. EDIT: Why the downvote? Chocolate *is* toxic to dogs and after eating something that size, the dog would certainly have needed medical help.
Why on earth would you consider quoting the Bible as carrying even the smallest iota of weight with us?
&gt;Because I believe it is the word of God. And you believe this because it says that it is? &gt;That it has no contradictions. [Oh, you are sooo wrong there.](http://bibviz.com/) &gt;Jesus quoted the scriptures when teaching, when being persecuted, and whenever he was being tempted by Satan. He then instructed us to continue learning and teaching the Bibles truths so as to make disciples in all of the inhibited world. And then the end of this system will come. And James T. Kirk asked why 'God' needed a starship. So what?
&gt;I understand I sound retarded and brainwashed to you That would be because you are.
No, this is Thunderdome now.
High 6!
You want to do something about the price of cinema food? Take it up with the film companies. If they didn't take such a huge cut of ticket sales, cinemas would be able to charge less for food.
Vue is £5 for standard tickets every day now.
Hmm... Must just be certain branches, then.
&gt;I don't want to believe Then don't.
If.
[Relevant GIF is relevant.](https://giphy.com/gifs/queen-shroomery-sociology-jsCnmU8EJDuow)
You do know that receipt printers are thermal and literally can't run out of ink, right?
Because most of the time they're about wanting to stab others in the face due to their stupidity.
I dunno. I quite like the raspberry Coke zero.
With medicinal compound.
Probably a dodgy print head.
Currency symbol goes *before* the amount. How do you not know this?
You have it backwards. Nature does not obey mathematical laws, but rather mathematical laws *describe* what we observe in the universe.
There's a guy works down the chip shop swears he's Elvis.
Why 47, though? It's such an oddly specific and yet arbitrary number.
Proper tea is theft!
Check if you have a sign making company locally. They should be able to help you out.
Who designed the designer?
James fucking Corden.
"But you'll get tons of exposure!" "Yeah, great. Let me just phone my landlord and see if he accepts 'exposure' as payment for rent."
High glass.
Establishment clause.
They live a life full of egret.
To crush your enemies, see them driven before you and hear the lamentations of their women.
Tory MPs...
It's getting much Ardea to come up with more heron related puns.
iZettle readers are no different to any other card terminal apart from the fact that they use a smartphone or tablet to process the transactions. If you're worried about your card details being hijacked by a man-in-the-middle attack between the card reader and phone/tablet, don't be. All transaction information is tokenised before it leaves he reader.
Ah, so just because I think Tory MPs are vermin you reckon I must be a Corbyn supporter?
Always has been, just not always voluntarily.
Head down to my local Men's Shed. It's pretty easy to fortify and between our members, we have the skills and equipment to construct effective weapons and maintain any vehicles. Most of my family live far enough away from me that I wouldn't know if they'd been turned into walkers. Most of them are cunts anyway, so I wouldn't be particularly aggrieved by their loss.
Warhammer 40K.
On a purely meat-to-fat ratio, back bacon wins and is therefore the superior bacon. Streaky is only useful for larding joints and sticking in burgers.
&gt;latticing over a bird or joint for roasting. That's what larding is.
Once you get to the thickness where it requires baking, you're heading into gammon territory.
The IMF used them all for their mission briefings.
£100k would get you 2/3rds of a house in most areas of the country.
We should do what Taiwan does and have every till receipt be an entry into a lottery.
Yeah, but then you're living in Bradford.
12,300 people getting 10 grand would be even better. At the income levels where most people play the lottery, £10k is still a pretty life changing amount.
[Uniform Invoice lottery](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Invoice_lottery?wprov=sfla1)
one hundred pounds of what?
With the added advantage of not getting any more fines for dropping fag butts.
Ok, so assuming the hundred pounds of British currrency was in fifties, that would be around 45,359 fifties, or £2,267,950. Seems a bit steep for dropping a fag butt.
Keep your dick in a vice, stay safe and stay legal.
This.
Because that's how stereoscopic vision works.
Buy all the shares/government bonds.
Should have asked him which war he fought in. Every year that goes by, there's fewer of these fossils left who can get away with that line.
Then you have to listen to them rant about the supermarkets only introducing them so that they can save a bit of money by letting checkout staff go.
\*reticule.
Except Frank.
We are all the universe trying to understand itself.
He's the chameleon, duh.
Still together after 13 years.
The US currently ranks 37th in the WHO's global healthcare rankings. They're below several South American nations.
So, to boil it down, we're all the universe trying to understand itself.
I can compare my existence as an individual universal computational unit with that of another universal computational unit.
Uh, no. If I exist in the universe, I am an entity of the universe. I can comprehend my own existence and am able to comprehend the existence of other entities of the universe.
Nope. The 3D glasses are free. You either put them in a bin to be recycled after the film or you can take them home with you. The Vue staff don't care either way.
See, I like my squash really strong so the double strength stuff is great.
But they're showing how individual they are, just like everyone else who paid through the nose for an identical pair.
Jeans look best when they're allowed to fade and wear naturally. They're designed to be hard-wearing worker's clothes, but instant gratification won out and now we have mass-produced fake wear built into jeans that are more expensive than a fully intact pair.
Individual taste and personality? You mean like the millions of other idiots who bought that exact same pair of jeans with the rips and fading in exactly the same places?
On the contrary. I buy my jeans completely intact and let them fade and wear naturally with use. This forms unique wear patterns that no other pair of jeans in the world will have. Certainly more individual than someone who wants the instant gratification of paying through the nose just to buy a pair of identikit ripped/faded jeans. You're paying more for some Chinese factory worker to deliberately damage your clothing.
&gt;Also the rips are not identical, they are made by hand I never said the rips were machine made, in fact I very specifically said that they were made by Chinese factory workers. However, they *will* be produced to a specific pattern of wear, because that is more efficient for a production line. Let's face it, we're not exactly talking about hand-crafted artisinal jeans here.
The sequel to Snakes On A Plane.
He's not.
Me, for cracking a kid who was bullying me over the head with a hockey stick so hard that it broke his skull.
Used to order them all the time, but since I moved out into the sticks, there's just not as many takeaways to order from.
Other road users *are not fucking psychic!*
You're right. It's far worse.
So we have hipster chavs now? Chipsters? Do they wear Kappa tracksuits ironically?
Brit here. That we all have bad teeth. Mainly spread by Americans who seem to think that bleached white teeth == healthy teeth.
I take it you're not off to Benidorm, then.
&gt;Is Christianity logical? No. *Next!*
But they do.
Well to be fair, there are no options above that one to choose.
A kink.
Well he'd be right, but we're only united in our loathing of him.
I give you [the Pontiac Aztek.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pontiac_Aztek?wprov=sfla1)
Which recreational drug is that code for again?
Did you get better?
Neither of those statements are true.
It's getting crazy in Norwich. The number of phone repair shops opening up is insane. One just opened up in the space that Lush vacated and it's located within spittng distance of 3 others.
So, Schroedinger's Deity, then?
Nope. I don't watch it either. Load of shite, just like all 'reality' TV.
I hate to admit it, but for once, the Daily Heil has put out a well researched article. Paints us in a pretty positive light, as well.
Megamax?
You seem to be under the impression that Clarkson is a fictional character.
Well, if Idiocracy is any guide, probably not.
I'd consider a Spanish lanquage interrogative appearing at the QE2 bridge inexplicable as well.
You really have no fucking clue, do you. It's called the Daily Heil because they supported the Nazis during WW2. There was even a rather infamous op-ed piece in it entitled "Hurrah For The Black Shirts". The paper hasn't shifted much politically since then, either.
The film hasn't steered us wrong yet.
It's a good way to get the Republican voters on board, calling it the 'freedom dividend'. Stick that word in front of anything and a Republican wil vote for it.
This test is doomed to failure, the sample size is too small to get any meaningful data from it.
Unfortunately, even with 19 billionaires on board, it won't make a dent in the influence from the rest of the thieving bastards.
He's a lucky bloke.
Not all of them are, just the stupid ones.
This.
You're not my real dad/mom!
Up to the highest height.
Up where the air is clear.
Nope. Plenty of intelligent theists.
That's because they secretly want it.
I think a more apt analogy is seagulls following a fishing trawler.
Pasta.
Yeah, in science theory doesn't mean the same as in colloquial usage. A *scientific* theory is the graduation point of a hypothesis. You begin with a hypothesis, then you develop experiments to test said hypothesis. If your experiments provide the predicted results, you repeat them to make sure and then you publish the results in a peer-reviewed scientific journal. Once published, other scientists will repeat your experiments to verify the results. Some will devise new experiments to explore other facets of the hypothesis and get more data and these will also be submitted for peer review. The results of all these experiments are then compiled into a *theory* that explains the facts gleaned from the experiments.
Even then I'd be sceptical. How would I be able to distinguish a god from a suitably advanced alien race like the Q?
You know that *most* rabbits aren't invisible.
All the rabbits *that you have seen* are visible.
Gravity is also a theory, but I'm betting you're not planning on jumping off a cliff any time soon.
Ok, take all the reasoning you use to figure out why those characters are made up and apply it to Jesus.
Nope. The *theory* of gravity is a collated bunch of facts that we have observed about reality. Same with the Big Bang theory.
It *is* that easy, but you probably have years of childhood indoctrination to overcome first.
Is there a distinct odour of beard wax when you walk in?
There is no secular, extra-biblical evidence that Jesus existed.
Prove it. Without referring to the Bible.
He must be part horse.
No, 'Canadian bacon' over there is more akin to gammon.
Nope, try again.
&gt;Pascal's wager Oh, please. Do you honestly think that holds any weight with us?
I do not accept the first premise. What now?
Why?
Half of them are impact drivers, not drills.
Why?
Yeah, but you don't know everything either.
Vanilla ISIS.
Talibangelicals.
Yeehawdis.
Miles Per Gallon.
It's Ladbible, the comments are pure, unadulterated cancer. EDIT: My opinion was asked for and I gave it. Ladbible's comment sections *are* festering cesspools of internet cancer full of the worst kind of edgelords. EDIT 2: The article was fairly neutral. Gave all the facts and the writer didn't inject his opinions on the morality of ABDL into it.
And it's gone.
Yeah, I'd ditch that and get a decent name brand PSU from Corsair or EVGA. (Other decent PSU brands are available.) Apevia units tend to not have much in the way of power factor correction or over current/voltage protection. They probably won't be using particularly reliable capacitor brands in their supplies.
And my Corsair RM850x won't randomly explode and take half my rig with it. Your point?
Save? Ahahahahahaha! Oh, wait. You're serious...
Show them one of the many PC guide videos out there on YouTube to assuage their fears and to also show them how much cheaper it is.
Show them a build guide video on YouTube. That will show them that any idiot can build one.
Yes, those fans will fit. That case can fit 3 120mm fans in the front, as can be seen quite clearly in one of the images in the gallery.
We'll cut prices at a stroooooke.
The financial sector. They're banking on everything crashing so that they can pick up loads of stock cheaply, then sell them all for massive profits when the market recovers.
Given it's the Express, I'm surprised they didn't manage to shehorn Princess Di in somehow.
WAS SNOW RESPONSIBLE FOR PRINCESS DI'S DEATH? - Daily Express.
Well, I suppose calling themselves 'Bullshita' wouldn't have been as marketable.
I also have experience with Linux. Updates are about on par with Windows and game compatibility is through the roof. There are more titles capable of being run on Linux every day.
You do realise that the PC market is bigger than both XBox and Playstation combined, right?
You are just too cute for words.
"Yay! We're helping!" - Every Christian posting this shit on Facebook.
The Grocery Shrink Ray strikes again.
A pilgrimage to The Holy Land!
Aye up, lad. That's illegal.
You're connecting your monitors via USB?
But the Tangerine Toddler really wants to use one.
The manchild wanted to use nukes **to stop fucking hurricanes.** He repeatedly has to be told by White House staffers why he can't just lob a nuke whenever he wants to.
Hezbollah clearly have Tony Stark working for them.
20/02/2020 @ 20:20:20
It shows us proof she had mental health problems that were unknown at the time.
Me too!
Even if that is Shintel, that shit's NSFMR.
Mine was a bit more of an upgrade, though. 2gig R7 260X to 8gig 580.
Because if nature didn't want me to eat animals, they wouldn't be made of meat.
My debit card adds the purchase value to my account instead of removing it. (Whilst still completing the transaction normally, so nobody gets suspicious.) EDIT: All other rules of debit cards apply as well, so I can only spend whatever is in my account at any time.
&gt;and how would it work? You asked us to describe how it would work and now you're telling me how it would work?
Why do you not smoke it?
Eric.
&gt;Head towards mornington crescent.. A feat that's a lot more difficult than it sounds. Are we playing by the Rushton Convocation rules?
*Ferengi.
There are several websites you can visit to research this subject with thousands of good quality instructional videos.
My g/f got me a Ryzen 7 2700X and an Asus Stryx B450-F for Christmas. Does that count?
An activity that does *not* lead to arthritis, despite many people warning us joint crackers.
&gt;Computer programmers are omnipotent in relation to the programs they create. Whatever they choose to insert, replicate, alter, or remove in their programs, they can. They make the rules and define what their program is, isn't, or can be. Can a programmer code a divide by zero?
In anything other than an esolang.
It's an example of something programmers can't do, thus defeating the omnipotence component of the argument.
I've actually got used to the taste of certain sweeteners now. I used to not be able to stand them, but can now drink Coke Zero and Pepsi Max just fine now. Of course, being recently diagnosed with type 2 diabeties helped there.
Avoid that PSU like the plague. It'll be a ticking time bomb inside your PC. Also, that mATX board is going to look ridiculously small in a full ATX case. Either swap the board out for a full ATX one or drop the case down to mATX.
DOS? CP/M not good enough for you, eh?
To power your SNSV motherboard, of course.
None, but cannibalism isn't really something you see in the rest of the animal kingdom either. Animals will eat other species, but they won't eat their own except in really extreme circumstances.
Uh, because he has been. People are beginning to see what a disingenuous shill he actually is.
No. Cannibalism is generally not done because of the health issues that result from the practice, not the moral implications. It's an evolutionary issue, not a moral one.
&gt; So what am I supposed to believe? Where are my loved ones now? Are they non-existent? Are they in a colorless formless empty void? The matter that made up your parents and dog still exists, it's just in a different form now. Their consciousness is gone, however. There is zero evidence that consciousness continues after brain death has occured. &gt; Thats not acceptable to me. Tough. That's reality. &gt; I reject the atheist worldview. Atheism isn't a worldview. It's a position on god claims. Our position is that they are unsupported by evidence. &gt; You can sugarcoat atheism however you like. But to me atheism implies that God doesnt exist. The universe is chaotic. Nothing really matters, and we will be eternally displaced from where we want to be. Why would I sugarcoat atheism? Yes, it does imply that gods don't exist, because theists have never been able to provide any evidence for their existence. The universe has both chaos and order in it. That is correct, ultimately nothing matters. Eventually, we will all die and the universe will suffer heat death. It's here and now that matters. You have one life, so make it a good one. &gt; All that matters in a godless world is money and physical possessions. Emotions and sentimentality are unnecessary. If you think all that matters in a godless world are money and possessions, I truly feel sorry for you. Emotions are necessary. We developed emotions as survival traits. Pain is useful as it alerts us to physical damage. Fear is useful as it alerts us to danger. Love is important as it helps us to find a mate and hopefully procreate to continue the species. &gt; I cling to the belief that a force outside of time and space (God) will inevitably step in and correct the existential problems we face. And just how would a being that exist outside of time and space perform any action? Actions, even thoughts require both time and space to perform. If your god exists outside of spacetime, it is utterly powerless to do anything.
I refuse to continue down this rabbit hole of philosophical navel-gazing. The fact remains that cannibalism is a harmful activity. I see no point in engaging in wild speculation about this.
Holmes is a detective, not a lawyer.
Perry Mason.
Not a lawyer. She's a paralegal.
Donald Trump being elected, then in November last year, the Tories winning a landslide in the UK General Election.
&gt; First I'd like to setup a strawman for me to knock down. FTFY.
[It's real.](https://www.overclockers.co.uk/kolink-big-chungus-full-tower-rgb-showcase-black-red-ca-03y-kk.html)
I was thinking more along the lines of door stop, or boat anchor.
This is AskReddit.
Usually the porn I'm watching.
Or, you could take the USB interface off the shucked drive and connect it up like any other SATA drive... Be aware that some drives fitted in external enclosures (usually WD drives) have pin 3 on the SATA power connecter live, preventing it from being used internally without modification.
Medium settings? Around 500 currency units of your choice.
&gt; Will 500 Iranian rial do? It's about a couple'o dollaridoos. More like $0.01... $1USD = 43,163 IRR @ current exchange rates.
If you enjoyed Diablo, try Path of Exile. It's what Diablo 3 should have been.
What's even better is that it's free to play.
&gt; What is the OS that goes with it? Linux *is* the OS. Well, technically Linux is the *kernel* that a lot of operating systems are based on, but it's easier to just refer to these operating systems collectively as 'Linux'.
Yes. All of those are Linux distros. They don't *go with* anything called Linux, they *are* Linux.
It's not generally a good idea. You have to ensure that the timings are identical and even then there can be problems. Best to always stick with a dual channel kit as at least you know the sticks are a matched pair.
Best to get a whole new 2x8 kit as they will have been tested by the manufacturer to work properly in dual channel mode. Due to variances in manufacturing, you can't always guarantee that 2 sticks of apparently identical memory will work together properly.
Having just got an RX 580, I'll add my voice to those recommending it. It's a solid card that can still hold it's own today.
Technically, unless he can prove he has no capability to watch live broadcasts, which he won't be able to do seeing as he has a subscription to Virgin Media, he will have to pay the TV license.
No, everyone else has been saying if he *is* watching live broadcasts. OP might not be watching live broadcasts on his VM box, but he has the *capability* to do so. His VM box is connected up to the cable line, so he is receiving a live TV signal, whether he is watching anything on it or not.
&gt; God either exists or not, if you flip a coin it’s literally 50% chance for any result. Define your god first. Then we'll see what the odds of it existing is.
Right, but the *assumption* by TVL is that if someone has the *capability* to watch live TV, then they probably *are*. The onus is on the homeowner to show that they are not, in fact watching live TV.
That is the case if TVL take you to court over non-payment, but in order to get them off your back with regards to their regular threatening letters you have to show, or at least *declare* that you have no capability to watch live TV. Like I said, their assumption is that you *do* have that capability.
&gt;I've tried online and every site says out of stock [Literally the first result on an Amazon search.](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Tango-Cherry-330ml-Pack-24/dp/B00G8JQYIO/ref=sr_1_1?crid=I9AXXLLNOG2B&amp;keywords=tango+cherry&amp;qid=1579477469&amp;sprefix=tango%2Caps%2C147&amp;sr=8-1)
But they do give you an estimated window for delivery and a live map once it's less than 10 stops away, so it's not that bad.
Until you can operate an AR-15 using a controller, no, video games do *not "teach you how to kill".*
You are correct in this usage. To correctly use *multi-tasking*, the sentence should have read something like: **Moreover, hand-held mobile gadgets are more suited towards multi-tasking resulting in increased levels of productivity.**
[This one.](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Your BIOS is on the motherboard. Updating the BIOS on your current one won't update the BIOS on the new one.
Not necessarily. Most B450 boards shipping out now should have the latest BIOS flashed to them, but if you need to use a supported CPU to flash an update, just get the cheapest AM4 APU.
What's concerning me more about the PSU is that it's a no-name. That's a ticking time bomb inside their case.
He's *not* the messiah, he's a very naughty boy!
If you were in his position, wouldn't you?
Yeah, fuck you Gary!
This is why I switched to paperless. No novel-sized statements coming through the letterbox.
There's a reason why they were the butt of so many jokes, such as: How do you double the value of a Lada? Fill the petrol tank.
Because it helps the government bury bad news in the press.
Well they'll be easy to spot.
[Relevant IT Crowd clip](https://youtu.be/ALZZx1xmAzg)
Absolutely.
Anker are good, as are Aukey. My current one is a 20,000mAh one from Aukey. Works great.
The anti-theft system on a Lada was the badge.
Currently, I think there would be a bunch of spontaneous street parties lasting about a week upon news of Trump dying.
So you are at a nominal non-zero amount of caring?
Beaten to death with a giant dildo bat.
Ah, Bethesda fan I take it.
Well, it implies that they are caring at least the minimum non-zero amount.
That seems like a fair exchange.
I'll be switching to San Miguel until it blows over.
They can't even implement a script that checks if your camp can be placed in the current instance before it dumps you in there. What makes you think they're going to be able to do your idea? This *is* Bethesda we're taking about here.
Sorry, but you're pretty much shit out of luck. Private car sales are not covered as well as they are from a dealer under statutory consumer protection rights. You could try going through small claims, though.
Nope. His business is not related to the sale of cars, so him completing the transaction on his business premises means nothing.
Not at all important. In fact, home ownership shouldn't be a thing. All housing should be provided by the state and allocated based on need.
&gt;I talk to my cats as if they were people But cats *are* people... Small, furry 4-legged people.
&gt;Oh yes. I've even has arguments with myself (I never win!) How can you lose both sides of an argument?
That's weird. I'm getting a solid 60 FPS with a Ryzen 7 2700X, 16GB and an 8GB RX 580 with everything on 1080 ultra. EDIT: Why the fuck am I getting downvotes? I'm not bragging about this, just pointing out that it's strange that OP is getting those framerates despite having better hardware. Mind you, the fact that that particular i7 doesn't support hyperthreading might have something to do with it.
Nope. Never called it that in my life.
I think we've found the problem. It's the lack of multi threading.
Not anything to do with being an AMD fanboy. /u/AshL0vesYou is rocking an i7 as well. The difference is that his has hypertreading enabled and has a 2060 and is still getting mostly 60 FPS. Also, Shintel fanboy trying to throw shade on AMD, who are kicking Intel's arse right now.
&gt;That's why I called you a fanboy. Most people who make these absurd claims are amd fanboys who think more cores are automatically better, My CPU has exactly the same number of physical cores as OP's, as does /u/AshL0vesYou's, which in case you hadn't noticed, **IS A FUCKING INTEL CHIP!**. How exactly does that make me an AMD fanboy?
&gt; You're pushing the more threads = better narrative and calling me a "shintel" fanboy just for pointing out facts. Where in my original, unedited post did I mention that? Also, didn't you call me an AMD fanboy first?
&gt; You basically said a 9700k is struggling because no Hyper threading while your 2700x build, a weaker cpu for gaming, is fine. No. I expressed confusion as to why this would be the case. I merely put forth the lack of hyperthreading as a cause, not asserted that it was the case. &gt; You're either not sure how cpus work in gaming or you're pushing a narrative. Yeah, because someone who has spent close to 30 years as a PC tech and avid PC gamer has no clue how CPUs work. Riiiiight.
&gt;Okay. Tell me what you think is the minimum cpu that can get good performance out of fallout 4 Are you sure you're in the right subreddit? Also, I didn't say that you *needed* hyperthreading, just pointing out that both examples of lower hardware posted *had* SMT capable CPUs. I did *not* explicitly state that lack of SMT capability was the cause, just that it may be a possibility.
Just give up now, before you make yourself look more of an idiot.
Nice strawman you've constructed there. Besides, the Ryzen 2700X is over £100 cheaper than the i7 9700K, runs 100MHz faster on base clock and has SMT support. Not sure how you can make the claim that it's the best gaming CPU for the money. Heck, a Ryzen 7 3800X is less than the i7 9700K, has twice the threads and is 300MHz faster on base clock.
&gt;Either way, I'm not saying this stuff necessarily to defend the 9700k. More trying to debunk the asinine claim that a 9700k can't run this game properly because it lacks SMT. I didn't *claim* any such thing. I *suggested* it could be a possibility. Learn the difference and then you won't go off on half-cocked rants as much.
A lvl5 player visited my camp today. Helped him out with a few weapon upgrades, finding a power armor chassis for him and giving him some help setting his camp up.
How? It doesn't allow me to do something that can't be done in the game, it just gives me a more efficient way of doing it.
Yep. Hardly on par with the item stealing hack.
How would they detect it? It just sends the regular scancodes for the keys/buttons pressed to the game when the macro key is pressed. It's indistinguishable from if I had performed those actions myself. I even used random delays. I'm strictly PvE anyway. It would be unfair if it was something that only I was able to do, but this can and probably has already been done by anyone with a keyboard or mouse that can be programmed with macros.
Let's face it, scripting isn't exactly Bethesda's forté, is it.
Complete the fire breathers quest line to get yourself the Anti-Scorched Training Pistol.
The original Italian Job. You know, the one that was actually mostly set in Italy.
Trump couldn't possibly believe in a god. He can't perceive of a being greater than himself.
They already have them. It's called 'being rich'.
One of us! One of us!
That's not actually illegal any more.
A chronic shortage of delicious oaty baked goods.
Agnostic atheist.
Today.
My girlfriend has a car with the Motability scheme and she just got a £50 cheque from them because their insurance costs had dropped as there's less accidents right now from the reduced traffic.
Fellow Brit here. Happy to team up, I'm lvl 77.
Tell her that you'll go see a therapist, but you get to pick which one and if they say there's nothing wrong with what you're doing, she has to accept that.
I'd like to see a Fallout game set outside of America. Maybe one set in the UK, or Canada.
Well that got creepy fast.
Add: The right to universal healthcare. Also add: Addendum to the 2nd Amendment to update it, taking into account the staggering advances in firearm development and our understanding of mental health since it was written. EDIT: Must have had a member of Meal Team 6 read this.
Meh.
No. Our gun ownership laws are perfectly fit for purpose. Nobody *needs* an AR-type weapon, or a handgun. We have no written constitutional amendment giving us any inalienable right to bear arms and the vast majority of us have no desire for one.
Large apartment blocks can't be served by mains pressure alone and require pumps to take the water up to the main header tank.
In that case, the ranges can get commercial licences to own them and rent time out with them as an experience day.
At [my school](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windlestone_Hall), cross-country actually *was* just that, given that it was the former country estate of Prime Minister Anthony Eden.
Introduce your friend to the glory of the PC Master Race.
Wait until the 3000 series cards release. 2000 series cards will drop in price significantly. EDIT: Why the downvote? I'm not wrong.
Well, you've selected an SFX PSU to go in an ATX case for a start. What you need is a regular ATX supply. You've also picked a CPU that may not work with the motherboard you've chosen without a BIOS update. For that, you would need an older AM4 chip to boot from first in order to flash the BIOS. I mean, you could get lucky and get a board that's been flashed with the latest BIOS, but it's a bit of a lottery. I'd ditch the RGB m.2 SSD as well and go with just a regular one. All the RGB LEDs do is add extra heat, which is never a good thing with an SSD.
Wouldn't have been original CX-series units, would they? They did have a pretty bad rep for going pop. The newer ones are made by a different OEM, though and are far more reliable. Never had any issues with the RM-series units myself.
"But if not meant for sits, why is made of warms?"
Yep. That thermal paste is going to be drier than a nun's chuff.
Yep. Seasonic are a good brand. They're OEM for quite a few other PSU brands, including Corsair.
I'd bench build it first before installing it in the case.
Put everything together outside of the case to make sure everything works before final installation. You can use the top of the motherboard box to build on.
Yes. RAM is not yet hot-swappable.
You have no clue what you're talking about. The compound on coolers *is* paste. They apply it using a stencil in the required shape. If you don't think think this is the case, look at the bottom of Corsair coolers. It's in the pattern of lots of little hexagons. Are you seriously suggesting that they're going to cut up a sheet of thermal pad material and stick each tiny hexagon onto the cold plate? The other way I know it's thermal paste is that I've had to remove the original TIM from plenty of coolers and it comes off just like any other thermal paste. With IPA and a cloth. I've also replaced thermal pads on GPU VRMs, so I know the difference between the two.
That the rest of the world is perfectly happy not having virtually unrestricted access to guns.
Not everyone in the UK lives in London, or pops round to borrow a cup of sugar from the Queen.
There's plenty of us padded Brits.
Nice try, fed.
Badges? We ain't got no badges!
Probably my Weebls Stuff Badgers mug. I think that was one of the first things I had ever bought online.
Tequila.
May your frame rates be high and your temperatures low.
Life only has value *because* it is finite. For me, the thought of an eternal afterlife fills me with dread. Live a good life and leave fond memories behind for friends and loved ones. That is the only real, provable way anything of us can survive after death.
Pray to Joe Pesci. At least we can be reasonably confident Joe Pesci exists and praying to him will have exactly the same efficacy as praying to any god.
/r/madlads.
Make sure to also put the lime in the coconut.
Cable management! For the love of Gaben, do some fucking cable management!
I could never work as a salesperson in a Pissy Werld. I'm far too honest.
/r/itsaunixsystem.
Have you put new thermal paste/pads on since you bought it? I replaced mine with Thermal Grizzly and have had nice, low temps ever since.
You've duped the memory there. That motherboard only has 2 RAM slots. EDIT: What sort of games are you wanting to play?
Also, do not look into laser with remaining eye.
