You're thinking the wrong way. You're automatic by making robots work like humans instead of reworking how the warehouse works with more efficient robot designs. We already have fully automated robot warehouses. They are far more efficient than this. Generally they work by a huge floor of boxes an robots drive move on a grid of rails on top dropping items. Ever get boxes where the items are stuck to the bottom with plastic on top? Robot packed.
I'll stick to last pass for support on all platforms and browsers
Of it wasn't in the US and was an open prison for the generally non violent short terms I could see it.. But as it is, this is just one of the weird things about this.
Didn't know Canadian inheritance law was as shit as American. Seems crazy to us Scandinavians.
No it doesn't. It only applies to farms. And the first born still needs to buy our, he/she just has first right to.
Probably because your firm is real and have confidentiality agreements with your clients like all PI firms would.vand because you would want to suicide your career and firm with an act like this.
I dunno my MBP has had more issues requiring reboots or simply rebooting itself(kernel crashes) than windows 10 with stable drivers and hardware ever did for me. Still they're both pretty stable, but I miss a lot from windows, especially networking.
You sue for lacking payment, not give out confidential information(signed or not). Anything else is career suicide, legal or not. You're basically telling everyone "you can't trust us to keep your personal dirty laundry secret, if we don't like you we will reveal all in revenge" is this a company you would hire for anything?... One you would think would be trusted with government contracts? There is zero proffesionality and proffesional integrity shown here. Yes maybe moral and petal al integrity, that do t get you hired as a PI.
Exactly. That was the point. His made up story included an unneeded and career suicide hero moment that was completely unnecessary when they were suing him anyway. And it's not about contracts. But what clients think of you. Clients with a general less than stellar moral to start with.
That's because you set up the network on them differently. And it's not an issue in win 10. On win7 though you needed to either leave them all automatic with home group, or you set them all up with home group of and user sharing on. Either case worked fine. Mixing doesn't
99,9% don't know about it. Of the rest 99% don't care
Ah back when apple networking consisted of the most unusable yet bloated chatty network protocol.ever implemented...
Except Apple is gradually getting rid of the hardware and now the driver support. What's the excuse going to be when 13 officially launches and it's still gone...
Actually for those "panels" the increase would be less than 2% The panels get gradually less effective behind the first layer. Do the first layer is 2% better, the next is in total say 0.1% less effective. Do in that panel the increase would be around 1.9% and so on. It's still going to be a lot better, of course.
They had lots of TV and web ads.
Eh they were all over at the time.look at mails without opening them... Makes Zero sense, but you can do it on iPhone. Shit was everywhere as if it was some revolutionary new thing that would change how you used phones... It didn't....
No 3d touch wouldn't have changed anything since it's still not intuitive. There was no good way to show it and people just didn't want it. Different force presses is just horrible as a concept to start with. It didn't even work with buttons on the original Xbox
Insight into the mind of a crazy person.
Seems like a good way to become known and he mindshare. Even if he did, he still needs to offer an interesting sales pitch for it to be worth it.
&gt; Portable generators are only 5% efficient already, Eh. You might have a missing 0 there
Norway has close to 100% recycling of soda bottles, probably due to the fact you get money back. Anyway in the past glass and thick plastic bottles where reused instead of shredded and recycled. Today with the soda consumption, it's really not logistically feasable. With milk it could be easier if people had personal bottles and dispensers at stores, but still, there's issues there to. And (here) are in paper/carton containers. Not the silly plastic jugs.
So what exactly is the business idea here. You get a good view in the day, but then you'd be out hiking or something anyway. The sun is annoying in the morning Lots of power on a noisy SC that also dehydrate the bubble. No insulation Plastic... I mean these, the slightly more permanent ones, make sense in northern Norway and Finland for winter aurora hotels, but that's about it.
That's not an ac that takes in outside air though. It circulates inside sir and uses the outside temp to heat exchange though the gas and radiator.
I'm not even a plumber and looked at that thinking " uh. This can send hot water down the cold water pipe or vica versa. Granted the pressure behind the valve probably prevents it but... I'm think there's a reason we use mixers at the tap.
Doesn't this suffer from the same not to code back flow issues? I'm also pretty sure the connected curtain ganger would be up to code as well?
They should still he on for visibility, and for knowing if you're parked or driving. Especially in city corners with mirrors. Lights help you see cars coming in the mirror.
No they're not. Headlights and then highbeams. Parking lights for parked.
Over here you're supposed to use the headlights when driving, not just the parking lights(which is generally what is used as running lights). Because the parking lights or drl are shit and about as visible as having nothing.
The Fenix watches don't use Wearos though?
It can launch before and still be. That's the beauty of post generation console cycles.
The beauty now is that the current disc or download would work on the next console. Only with higher quality settings, better models and textures.
Eh. The Fenix should last a lot longer than that. My old Urbane also works great. But with an iPhone I also switched to AW... Sure my old seiko calendar perpetual will.outlive them both. But it doesn't let me see weather, who calls, answer calls, who is messaging, what they're messaging and reply, check health, pay and so much more. It'll also cost me quite a bit to replace the slightly cracked glass with a new sapphire glass... And the titanium that looked great new isn't that nice anymore...
In this episode of people who don't want to get laid...
His uncles/aunts kids are his cousins and nieces.he can have subts(his father's sisters) and still be a lonely child. I would know
You still need a scholarship /study loan to pay for books, food and a place to live. And there are private scholarships.
Home internet data caps? "Laughs in northern European"
That's a choir. Just mot a church choir.
Most of the new rules are automatically covered if you're in a club anyway
You can usually still sign up for the national mother club yourself. You'll get insurance and other benefits, like being allowed to use flying fields if you ever visit a club.
Faucets have mixers though and the shoot put the water in paralell forward, not towards each other.
Meh. I like the dark winters. Grew up with them.
Why would it need eithe though? Nothing but the PS4 really uses either. And even there they're not really used. Huron is a terrible way to control to start with. It just makes the controller lore expensive for no reason.
You don't need to have kids to need a paying job.
Do is the tax on the 3500 go kart 3501 since they supposedly earn money from this according to him. Tax deductible doesn't make it free. Also, they're a polish company, they don't pay US taxes and probably don't have that silly us tax system.
No mention of Spotify connect and how universalnit is. Or how crap Airplay2 even on their own(ATV) devices is.
Why not m4b container? So you get full audio book support
I'm pretty sure the article headline isn't "finally" It wasn't...
Some men. Still misleading title.
How would it be insecure? First the door is one way, transmit to you, it connects directly to the apple TV ad hoc net and most importantly he was stopped by the doorlock after knocking.
Om de eier leiligheter de leier ut er vel ikke ikke dette å være pensjonert uansett...
&gt; Edit: we did visit lawyers this morning. And for those who are asking. Since we live in the Netherlands and our justice system is a joke this could be the sentence. If the judge thinks she had malicious intend she would get 9 years prison as the maximum. If the judge sees no malicious intend she will get a fine, community service and has to follow a course in being a parent. Sounds like civilization not a joke.
I'd keep it ehen/if I switched back. But I miss good watch faces and apps that get live updates without using apples apps (weather etc.) and I miss always on. There's the weird way apps on the watch and phone can't talk to each other as well. With Android if you have endomondo and start an exercise on one device, the other knows it's started and will show the same data. With appke watch they're not even aware the other device exist.
Well the rules of photography say that in general you avoid centering and 50/50 ground sky. Those are still just guidelines but based on 100's of years of painters and what people find appealing.
No. This doesn't fit with any of them. And the point of both subs is to collect specific types of bad design. Not general funny bad design.
Gave you also run the ESC calibration properly? But yeah this seems broken.
The sub is literally named DDOI...
Ja. Fint du har den universale løsningen for alle. Du burde kanskje gå ut å fortelle dette til alle familier som sliter...
Random lootbox bør forbys til fordel for å ku nr kjøpe det man vil ha.
Uansett er det bedre om man kan kjøpe det man skal ha og ikke 5% sjanse til å gå den tingen man vil ha.
For strength training endomondo is far better. For biking it also has more options for type of cycling, especially basic transport biking which I use to and from work. And the apple app doesn't even have skiing... Among many other.
No. That's two apps showing the sane live data/activity. Doesn't need to be standalone bur can be.
So much subjective opinion, so little fact. That said. The cheaper pen capable iPad are currently the best bang for the buck. But if you want something serious the bigger iPad cost as much as a far more capable full tablet computer with windows...
It's definitely not using BT for live HD video. It's wifi direct.
It's an objective that you think so and that most people don't notice the difference between ntrig and Wacom.
It's not apples job to be police however. At the very least they should be required to unlock with a full reset.
Midnight sun doesn't mean the sun doesn't move...
RK didn't do this for me when I tried it. RK also mapped my GPS coordinates in a crazy star pattern jumping hundreds of meters in random directions so there was that...
No. There are many artist who work just fine with these and other cheap tablets. You may just be a bit elitist.
They're not the police and most places with consumer protection laws they cannot demand receipts to fix your device.its not their job.
That would be true if it was boxy in the other direction. A boxy fuselage with a rounded front is still aerodynamic. Especially on such small planes as rc it's negligible to the point of irrelevant. Heck you can make wings from stacking thin foam with next to no penalty over a smooth wing. The wing covering is more important.
It's not Apples job. And again, many places they're not allowed to.
You keep forgetting to add "in my personal opinion" to all your subjective blanket statements
And I pointed out that you Mr example with the sun was bullshit and you don't seem to know how the sub moves in the north.
And I didn't reply to that. I replied to your wrongful representation of how the sun worked. Maybe you should have left the sun out of your original statement if you can't accept that people pointed out that your statement about it was made up and completely wrong.
&gt; I’ve been a good person all my life. Just saying. Well, religious people would say your messages say otherwise... Just saying... Pretty sure the other people don't care what you do though, except not turning off notifications during a presentation
Round watches can have bigger screens while not appearing to be bigger on your wrist, also more comfortable. I miss the look and style of my round Urbane over the boring square apple watch
Most of the things in that list are gone
Instaweather has a watchface similar to it. I think instaweather changed the named of their wearOS app though so I don't remember it's name now.
Then you should know better than to look down on those who study learning and teaching, the next Dewey and Vygotskys. After all with a masters degree you yourself wrote research paper in learning in at least one class.
Maybe if you looked in the Spotify settings you'd see why....
Not talking about either of those settings so... Spotify actually has a setting for volume output. And contrary to what you think the lower setting has better dynamics. And thus applies to AM as well. So AMs louder output does not give you better highs and lows not without losing details I between.
Seems they both did.
It's a motor glider. You fly it high up and spend as long as possible going down. If conditions are favorable you can get it high or keep altitude on thermals. To fly thermals you need to learn how to "read" the plane, and/or get a vario. A vario on its own won't help much unless you know how to fly thermals. Then there's of course slopes. Endless flying on good slopes. Either ways glider is a plane you fly to relax, unless you're acro flying.
Brave assumption about a person you don't know whose life you know nothing about.
Who.
The annoying emoji use makes me think he's the one that got rid of you, you just didn't realize it. The best way to get something your way is to make the other person think they did it.
A old protected hidtoric building that is further damaged by the chemicals in spray paint. Yes. Old historic buildings are also art even if they're not signed
Yes. Banksy can build houses and fresco them with his art or paint where he's given permission like those artists did.
In Venice it us https://whc.unesco.org/en/list/394
The house is sitting empty because it's extremely regulated and expensive to fix properly. Doesn't make it ok to vandalize it with paint that damage the structure.
Let opp grafen på XKCD. Så kan du prøve å argumentere for at vi ikke har noen påvirkning
It's always about giving power to the clergy
Salty jokes
Probably an asshole that still followed rule 1. Also being in a big city.
With DX11 the game could turn on liquid smoke/fog. Do if there was fog on the ground or smoke in the air it would move like real smoke in the air and be disturbed fairly realistically by you walking through it. It was surprisingly light on resource usage for how great it looked.
No developers and users were not happy. And in no way did they hurt themselves. And while apple added back limited web app support, it's not close to what it was and was supposed to be.
Nice deflection. Try an actual argument.
Except the case here is that they are using the correct symbols for their use unlike the dumb programs, where you will have to manually find and locate the correct symbols instead of using the same dimple, and usually wrong, symbol everywhere.
Also because OP wasn't carrying the conversation. He never asked anything warranting more than single word responses
Which still doesn't make it chrome. It just renders pages like chrome.
Quite a few people have had allergic reactions to regular henna to. Natural doesn't mean safe for everyone or even anyone.
Smart books and toys.... It probably started as just books.
Under water is less accessible than space and harder to build for and adapt to.
Yes it's a barely submerged restaurant. Yet it requires immense safety measures and construction costs just for that. Not to mention the logistics.
Because that's part of a separate sign we can see all of. As such we can't include it. Educated guess "party &amp; carnival costumes" for example.
Space needs to hold one atmosphere pressure difference. Underwater is potentially a lot lore, plus salt water, plus weather and environment.
Well we don't have restaurants in space...
It's called salt water, storms and at that depth the historically high risk of being struck by other vehicles.
We should tell him y2k won't be as bad as they say.
They're still more feature rich as well.
You can't arbitrarily create your own correlations without proper scientific research. Research use control groups. So children from such circumstances are compared to children from the same.
Huh. The rc corsair, elite included, usually have excellent stall characteristics...
I mean it was a lot already in km. In mph it was ridiculous and not just "getting carried away"
Seen the new fallen angel movie or whatever it was called? The third in the white hous fallen and London fallen series. The drones had an unrealistic explosive force, but being winged they can carry more explosive than others, but I would put their best payload for damage at a shrapnel grenade. Pretty terrifying and no unrealistic scenario though.
The headline doesn't imply causation.
Tbf the part of Australia burning, while metrically huge, is insignificant when measured against all of Australia.
Audible is also free. You don't need a sub to listen to the books you own.
No that's still correlation not causation.
Have you tried turning off the Bluetooth auto play in your mobile OS though. It's usually the OS that auto play last played music/audio when you connect to a Bluetooth device
Half way through I had no idea what the letters were. Even reading the weirdly formatted character list i still don't understand who or what FP is and why it's FP and not anything else... Or why it's not just written wjatbhe/she/they are so we can follow the story...
It's not really missing anything preventing. But photoshop can do stuff it can't do and can do some stuff easier or better. But at the price I'd say the extra time may be worth it.
The answer to his first question is still no.
Most Norwegians who complain compare all our roads to the major roads outside Oslo, major roads in the sourh of Sweden and autobahn...
Speed limits are created for a reason. Not because you will crash every time you break them. But because it's the safest speed to avoid accidents.
And get much less back for it and private citizens are still robbed at the hospital and pharmacy...
Except limiting immigration has zero to do with the other. You're creating a false causation because there's a correlation in this specific case..
Keep the stone in the avocado and wrap it in cling film.
No they're not. Fixed wing drones wouldn't be unless they where turbine powered, which would be stupid.
Swedish.
Bever got cadtibg to work on the chromecast or the built in Sony android TV chromecast
... Dammit. I kept looking where the description had been edited in... Then I saw two replies and wondered why before I realized...
Get high C batteries.
For me that makes the Xbox a better choice. I can play my games on either. And when the pc is old and a new Xbox is out...
But why spend the money on another console then. Where you have to spend even more money on games and you still can't upgrade the pc.
Because it only sold hardware. Most useful s never bought another game, not even first party. This is why the WiiU failed. Despite being a great console. Still like mine
Considering how much toothpaste you're supposed to use. The last week you're just pushing the last part of the tube against the top.
Trump just opened a big can of worms by sanctioning and performing an assassination of another government official. This has basically been a big universal agreed on no no for. Long time. Now he's going to make the whole middle east his enemy. And no one else wants to be on that train with him and the USA. Sorry he screwed you guys. But you elected him, even if it wasn't a majority cote, enough of you did... We all know there are better ways to prevent wars than killing Iranian generals and bragging about it.
If you value audio book by quantity you'll miss a lot of good listens
Since when n did the US care about war crimes?
I used to only do long books. But then I realized with a few exceptions(Peter f. Hamilton and Robert Jordan) I don't really pay attention throughout a long book on audio. So anything over 10-12 is now what I go for unless it's a 2 or 3 in 1.
Onjon
The walls between the servo and carjo bay would break in a belly landing anyway. There's also the risk that stuff gets stuck in the door with this system, especially with chutes. Cøøsable double side doorsnis probably preferable. For anyone without a 3d printer i think hobby king sells a bomb bay module though.
You could have chosen a lot of different and better languages with garbage collection and memory management than Java. Some are even very similar to Java for syntax, like C#
You know except the ~50% that voted and will still vote for him... The other ~50% can't just say America doesn't like or want him.
So you're blindly assuming 100% of Trump supporters voted... Reality ia that the percentage of Trump supporters among voters and non votes are probably the same.
46% of voters voted for him, from that you can extrapolate that at that time 46% supported him whether they voted or not. It's such a large number it's statistically significant and valid for extrapolating for the population as a whole. 46% is not "far less than 50%"
Except it's not a DDOI.
Dry doesn't mean it doesn't work. It's not the moTure that fills cracks and transfer heat
Is the Pip the same shit you could enable that contained in the browser and no the windows/MacOS nwtive PiP windows that stays on top of any window not just Firefox?...
You can't measure any of this with sensors that close. Even the foot to foot ones are imperfect becausebrh ybonly measure you feet. You need hands to feet connectivity for a good read. This might at best check the r surface values on that 2 square cm under the sensor...
Except these sensors are shit and can't measure what they claim as the current need to pass your entire body to measure these things.
You apparently don't know what priviliged mean. But I can see where you vote already. Trump is as bad at abusing these things as China. The difference is China uses it to control and suppress their own people the USA will use it to control the world.
So you're moving goals posts to price a point. Yes in specific circumstances rats can be easily exterminated/removed "easily". But like humans that situation isn't universal. And humans are extremely adaptive and we're worse than cockroaches at finding ways to survive. We don't need large tracts of land, that's easy. But we certainly have other ways, especially for survival.
China has no kntwrest in ruling the world. Amw i a loves their "world police" role they took on themselves. Yes China will abuse the tech to no end and it will affect the world. But not to the degree that the USA will. The USA today will of course as we see also use it to control it's people. So there isn't as much difference as you think. We've already sent n the start of aubve sive tactics. This would be voter influence and and vite region management on steroids. You'd never have another party than Trump family after that.
Canvas isn't the best for good quality prints though unless you want the canvas style.
Stadia will die because it's not tied to any existing game library. Their target audience isn't going to rebut all their games when xcloud gives them so many Xbox and windows games right off the ba and they can play them locally, GeForce Now and steam loud gives them their steam library and they can play them locally as well. And PS... Eh...
And so does xcloud only it has a library of games you already own. Same with GeForce now with your steam library and the future steamcloud.
About the maturity i expected from someone who can't see that their own nation is acting like international terrorists and have lost all respect they once had internationally.
It's like you're talking to yourself. You haven't even hoven a single argument outside of acting like a spoiled kid
More games. Same video quality, same delay when servers are set worldwide. Why would anyone use a cloud service where you need to buy the games AND they're tied to the service when there's so many better options.
I have made several point. But you do t seem to read the posts outside of replying to them like like a immature child. You claim that not vote Trump. Yet everything about your behavior says otherwise...
But the thing is. Using it is optional, and more people want it. They also had the useless safari only Pip. So that still doesn't make sense.
Tbf. Recent studies have found that simply walking at a level that doesn't feel strenuous is nearly as useful as laying in the sofa. The old idea that walking is better than nothing and you can walk yourself healthy is simply bs. I think your hr needs to be above baseline/resting for Riis to register as an exercise, as it should.
If you actually read the posts it's all quite clear. Your interest is solely on"merica is great and bestemt nation" though so you can't see your own faults. Heck if we were to judge America internationally by how it treats its own citizens, you're still not coming out much better than China... At least sick people get help there.
Harleys are loud to. And the noise won't be for long untill you're gone.
Still it's a broken system that's unusable for the many families that have divorced and remarried. Unless the children have double sets of phones, iPads and apple accounts, which is stupid. Instead of doing like most every other service does. Set up family member sharing, but let other users have their own pay accounts and be members of multiple sharers(parents).
The crown was the state. They created the modern Brittain and then have the people the power. The crown also make Brittain more money than they cost especially since they also do all the stuff and otherwise expensive president and other officials would do.
Because you have not defended that position in any real way or given real counter arguments to the ones I used to show this. And because even children need good education. Especially those stuck in a broken education on system more.focused on teaching what the state and church things is right than actual facts, science and history.
It won't burn much more calories than any other activity. Like sitting in a couch burning calories. Except icse in general is a terrible way to lose calories. Intake is how you control calories unless you're training for something extreme.
Yes. Which can't and won't do all the stuff the crown does if the UK was to go all republic. And you're ignoring all the other income the crown bring from land and their charities that the state would otherwise need to run or straight up pay for what they help. The math is also usually broken by the no crown people factoring in maintenance of castles and parks, that the state would still need to pay for. And Seriusly. You counter argument to the crown economy is a fucking YouTube video... Get some actual facts on the table. Please... Not bloggers and bloggers who make up facts and numbers on the go and couldn't analyze an economic report IF they had basic understanding of economy. Much leess at the scale of running a nation...
The strawman is that because you make a ridiculous far fetches statement doesn't make it a comparison to this real world situation. You're still coming off as someone who desperately clings to an argument you know is wrong and bad but can't admit it.
History is hard... Democratic Brittain just one day sprang up out of the ground and decided to also have a representative monarch. Yup, that's it.
Grow up and cough up some real sources
So you really don't want to provide any of the credible sources...
With dishwashers,washing machines and dryers the logic is better than the old a "analog" style relay system though. They actually analyze the wash and optimizes washing time and water usage.
Not really. And it's job is to keep t cool not cool it. Long lasting and not melting is more important than surface area that cools. Cubes melt into spheroid shapes first anyway watering down the drink.
Whirlpool is a budget to mid end brand though
Yes they experienced reduced buoyancy. As evidenced from the fact they are alive and can talk about it shows they aren't ducked down with the ship in either suction or loss of buoyancy to a level they can't out swim or out float with a vest. And no, you literally said vortex. Either way you just yourself proved you don't get ducked down. And your argument are the same you get up on page one of a Google search. Which also says why you don't get ducked down. There re many other good reasons to swim away from a sinking ship though A degree is meaningless. Having math is part of nearly any degree, down to art.
Doesn't need to be perfect. Needs to be good. And some of us don't live in perpetual summer and flying weather
No. The other side has to... Not they, that'd be inconvenient. Like abolishing the unfair and undemocratic electoral college like he promised before he got elected...
Well... ATV4K is extremely picky about cables. So far I think the only cable guaranteed to give problem free 4k hdr 4.4.2 or better is an apple TV certified Belkin cable(it's not an expensive one either). Others will give green stars or freezing picture or no picture right away or a few months in.
Not it means you're running at 2560x1080 using one forth the pixels of the screen. Depends on other set infs though. If you setnitnto scaled it'll scale up. But that makes little sense instead of just running native.
They weren't allied as much as having a common enemy.
Well it not. It's a stacking app. Nothing neural just auto stacking multiple exposures. Same thing android and ios night photo modes doe on newer models.
It's not. It's just multiple photos stacked and moved to be in the right position and combined into a single long exposure hdr shot that's hdr tonemapped into a regular shot. No special hardware needed. The 11 has a Co processor that does the process faster though.
Multiple exposures stacked on top for a single longn xposurw hdr photo that's tone mapped into a standard photo.
It's advantage over usb c is that lighting is easier to attach and detach while sitting more firm. You can lift a phone from lightning for the lifetime of a phone. Usb c however might do that for a short while, if you're lucky. But it wears of fast and have much worse connectivity. Ster a month it easily loses connection while still being plugged in.
They're not to weak. They'd take slightly more than a second to process but they'd fikish processing in 2-3 at most. It's just stacking multiple photos.
You'd have to blame valve for that one
&gt; It serves no useful purpose, it's just on display as a piece of sculpture. You can't do that with computers that aren't Apple. Commodore would like a word.
Because...
Hehe. Fly for 329... Mangla nok en null der... /cries in finnmarks
Tole floors aren't inherently slippery unless they're shitty tiles or wall tiles on the floor or you used detangle spray anywhere in there. And bath mats bacteria bombs.
Probably not a lot of burglars in -41 though
Can't have space platforms when we can't fet outside the glass dome that protects flat earth and keeps in the atmosphere
Both the mervury and anvil fall against the gravity. Mercury falls/sinks more.
Yeah, just tested ow, it's still not really using MacOS' native PiP. doesn't follow desktops. it does stay on top of other apps, but stays on current desktop. So Safari is still not ready to be retired from default casual and video browser.
Let's give this game a quick 10 minute try while before I have to do this thing... 20 minute useless barely interactive intro sequence that can't be skipped....
But they shouldn't need to. It is the governments job. Anyway the problem is rarely that homeless don't have somewhere to be. Most homeless are homeless because they "want" to, or rather are stuck in a vicious circle where the home doesn't fit in.
Geogwbra still existed 5 years ago and can do more.
New phones use usb c or old micro USB still. Apple still used lightning which for physical connection is still superior for their latest phones. Everything point to apple changing to usb c as well though.
Just ftr, in the thumbnail, flick type looks like another compound word ending in type.
/r/kerning would probably love this though 😄
Yeah. The firebombing of the mostly wood cities caused far more destruction and death than the nukes together. In a single firebombing. It was cheaper and not effective and easier than the nukes. The nukes didn't end anything. The only reason for dropping them was as a live test of what they would actually do in a real world use.
Depends on if he means during the war or the soviet/Stalin era.
You forgot half the title in the cdpr one"when CDPR decides to delay a game and run their developers into the ground"
Well except browser s. But browsers themselves make resource monitors usage worse.
I don't necessarily agree that LOS is more difficult. The only aspect more difficult is learning to fly away and towards yourself, and orientation. Fpv have other issues with not actually being able to tell how far you are from objects and the ground. As well as lack of situational awareness. But the skills aren't directly transferable to each other. Learning to use the controller is though. And yes, yiinshould fly in a fpv and rc som before flying. Preferably with goggles connected somehow.
Saying that part of the comment was wrong and biased history teaching already said what was wrong though.
When the terrorist is also the cop with the bigg at guns. You have limited options. Doesn't mean the rest of the world should just ignore it.
Nato would be so much better off without USA. Then the USA could do their policing themselves and natoo could focus on protecting it's member states mostly on the same continent.
Pretty sure locking os third on that list, probably paired with the second. Or all three if someone skips a step and do multiple changes at once
There are legal body dump sites?
It was obvius he was never on the crashed one though. We saw two. I think we even somewhat got a hint he had already taken off when they spotted the second one. They never saw it was two. Sonit wasn't really a fake out. It was just different perspectives for viewer and hero characters.
Even worse when he had already lifted up long before when they spotted the second one. When they saw it i was thinking. Didn't he already take off and there's supposed to be two. Then they can cradhed and I was "oh right"
Well. That hadn't changed...
No we where not led to believe there was one. They showed both transports repeatedly and clearly. When landing. When they where landed and he was taken into kne of them and the fact his transport took off long before the scene with the one that was crashed. Nothing autistic about it. Just paying attention to the movie not my phone.
An insurance company paid you a bonus for helping someone get their insurance payout...
For its purpose this worked great. It was just for voice com.
And Sony has stopped making BR players. Which means more will follow
I don't get watching movie extras. If I wanted more info or pictures I'd just look it up better obline
At least it worked at all for you. I can never get stremio to cast to my Sony. But then it doesn't really work on the apple tv either...
Bonus!
Så regjeringen vil ha mindre gjennomslag og få igjennom færre av Høyres saker som ødelegger rettigheter og tryggheten til vanlige folk uten mange nuller på konto... Der bare vinn vinn her jeg...
Not sure playing covers at open mic nights counts as a musician...
Drums, you're basically both the most important member and invisible.
They're how everyone else knows the rhythm and where to play what. Granted for bands who don't know how to read notes everyone just plays to their own rhythm anyway.
Try to play anything in a bigger band or if you really wanna prove it big band or orchestra without drums.
Would probably be useful for everyone except the 10 people who know the abbreviation... Just why...
Fordelen er jo at Frp er et nasjonalistisk parti på høyresiden, men likevel og til dels ironisk og selvmotsigende med mye sosialistiske verdier. Som ett parti på utsiden har de nesten alltid støttet venstresiden mer enn høyre.
It killed the first gaming gold rush with atari
I tried starting rc wiki a few years ago. People don't want to do the work,and claim rc groups mess if information hidden in threads jundr da of pages long is good...
Sub have the same problem as forums, being that they are, they're good places to ask for help but terrible places to find and organize information.
Men Drt er jo det som er fint med et slikt demokrati med flere partier vi har. Bare saker der flertallet av partier er enige blir gjennomført. Så slike unødvendig og utslette de privatisering blir ikke støttet av andre enn høyre. Og forhåpentligvis ser vi ikke en situasjon der frp og høyre har flertall sammen igjen til å rasere mer helse, skole, transport og rettigheter
Just use national taxes as an example. For your taxes you get Healthcare, roads, education, entertainment,art, technology, research, development aid for all iibds of business and industries. EU funds aren't just similar, they are the ame. Be use collectively everyone pays the pot is bigger and you get back more in value than you paid into it.
Jeg er ikke nødvendigvis mot legalisering, selv om jeg ikke nødvendigvis synes vi trenger flere rusmidler. Men å tro at det illegale markedet blir borte fordi vi legaliserer for alle bortsett fra det største marked er rimelig godtroende. Litt som folk som tror ungene er trygge på fest om de sender med dem alkohol, for da vet de.hva dem drikker. For ungene drikke jo selvsagt bare den utvanna dritten du sender med...
Det funker... Selvsagt om det er på et beløp nærme verdien av pinkoden kan det jo stille seg annerledes...
Never gotten a mouse to work very well on my MBP. And I'm not buying an overpriced and generally useless apple mouse to test if it works better than various Logitech productivity and gaming mice. It's not a good gaming mouse anyway.
Hehe...redusert skatt for en vanlig familie... Den var morsom du... "Real world is calling". Vanlig motorvei oppgraderinger som skjer uansett regjering og styres mest av andre etater ser jeg ikke akkurat på noe some de skal ha skryt for. Da ser jeg heller på alle de a brutte veiprosjektene som er på pause eller rett og slett avbrutt fordi Frp krever bompengefinansiering for at kommunene skal få støtte fra NTP. Men vi skal kanskje ikke snakke om det, og late som om bompenger bare er bestemt av lokale... Noe som er ren bs. Hilsen en som bor i en by der en store veiprosjekter nå er utsatt og har en veldig usikker fremtid fordi Frp nektet NTP støtte uten at kommunen finansierte med bompenger, og nei vi fikknikkw redusere prosjektet til en kostnadsramme NTP støtten ville dekket.
Tror du leser en god del ubalanserte nyheter. Det er haugevis med a brutte prosjekter som vei og tunnelprosjekte i Hammerfest. Og nei. NTP hadde pengene. Men for å få pengene KREVES det fra staten og Frp at det skal finansieres med bompenger. Dette er ikke noe du bare kan ta på Frp skylapper holde for ørene og late som ikke er sant. Og som de fleste,faktisk gjennomsnittsfamiliet i Norge kan jeg bekrefte at påstanden om 10000 mindre skatt er kumøkk. Det var en bitteliten reduksjon av skatt. MEN reduksjon av andre støtteordninger og økning av andre avgifter ikke bare kansellerte denne reduksjonen, men snudde den negativ. Og de sykt mye veiprosjektene som er gjennomført re startet og planlagt før denne regjeringen tok makten.
Nei. Men bodd i opptil flere stede med rusproblemer. De tyngste brukerne er oppi alderen ja. Men mengden er i lavere aldre, og da snakker vi helt ned i ungdomsskole.
Grei nok i min erfaring. Rimelig godt holdning norsk statistikk at rus er et relativt stort problem blant unge. Cannabis må gjerne legalisere, men da bør det helst bære medisinsk. Ser ingen grunn til at vi trenger flere rus stoff. Spesielt ikke stoffer som er vanskeligere å oppdage ved kontroller og brukes mer dagligdags og påvirker kjøring ganske kraftig.
Men du skal helst være over 22 minst før du begynner å bruke cannabis uten at det kan gi endringer i utviklingen av hjernen.
Oh, goodie. Eugenics believer.
There's several theoretically possible ways to travel "ftl" most work mathematically. We just can do the science to make them yet. And since a lot of actual astro physicists and scientists believe it can and will work, what's your credentials?
Whataboutism... Men alkohol. Allerede forklart. Og fordi frem til hjernen er ferdig utviklet burde man unngå Cannabis. Allerde forklart deg hvorfor av en annen tidligere i diskusjonen.
12. Mann lavbudsjett? Er nok lavere enn det andre fordi historien ikke krever like nye, men ikke lavbudsjett. Og så langt er altså 1/3 av de nyere store krigsfilmene fra nord Norge... Man kan kanskje være enig i en viss skjevfordeling men ikke den veien du tenker...
I'll wait for you to answe nthe actual questions instead of making up your own definitions, moving goal posts and sprinkling with some strawman.
Except all the rumors point to apple also not getting this connection and I he SEnis now 8 or XR sized...
1.99-&gt;infinity = 2. Math proves it.
Majoriteten basert på hvilke tall?
God kilde... Selv om du hadde hatt en reell kilde er det skummelt at du ikke ser den logiske bristen med de tallene...
Well, they still liked you...that's all it says
How? Vlc also has pretty bad video quality
He's the only soldier not to already have contracted syphilis
Hell get bored, retired and broke before that though. No including the apocalypse that will disrupt the tattoo industry
Anytime graphs like these have had to be corrected it's been up so...
You should include an actual reason and not just and insult, otherwise you're just an ass. Then again you might en up being an uninformed ass instead, we'll see, or not
Well it looks cool, different, has meaning, records throughout his life. Seems better than yet another wolf, tribal or some other bog standard tattoo
Notice how the temp from before the average goes lower... It keeps doing that and stabooosea below there for a few thousand years or so with out the extreme upwards trend we have had the last 200 years, especially the latter part.
Why do "people" think YouTube is a scientific or any kind of source?
And it was one scientists used as a tool to bring down a state he himself had run room. This wasn't science. Scientists can make claims that aren't science...
Unfortunately this cycle shouldn't be close to starring yet, and when it does it should be slower by a multiple of 100-1000. Just like last time.
I think the problem is people worth no scientific understanding and usually little education make claims like that with no scientific backing or sources... And even if those claims had any basis in reality. Education and better news sources would tell you the difference between a short spike and a permanent trend and how much differently those impact the environment and climate. If you AC is broken one day, you don't care. When it starts gradually breaking permanently, you care.
Well he never said it was the daughters room and it probably isn't. I would never want a 2 year old in our.bedroom. We moved our daughter out at like 2 months. She sleeps better, then again she always slept through the night before as well. And we don't need the crib and baby taking space and we don't risk waking her up. People rarely do themselves favor keeping their bbiwanin their room longer than absolutely necessary.
Probably doesn't. But having letters visible may help with learning and development later. Like children who grownup in households with books ( doesn't need be be read) helps development for some reason.
It's not like steam invented the dark Grey style.
Hehe he...hahahaha.....HAHAHAHA!
I doubt it's the updates that didn't. But humans like to make connections from random coincidences. It's why people believe in ghosts, miracles and Trump being a good president.
Stable doesn't mean they're great for audio work.
I'm guessing it's mot the heat but an electric shock somehow. Which should have been nearly impossible.
From a country with winters for half the year. Complaining about not salting is hilarious. Everyone hates salt. It's useless when it works, in the wrong conditions it causes ice, and it eats cars. It sounds like that's the kind of "mild weather" storm where salting would be wrose and cause ice. Just like they salt the tracks for cross country skiing
Down is wherever you're feet are pointing.
Eh except the snow will Co er the salt and insulate it.and if it does melt you get horrible salt slush that not only eats your car but is the worst possible for driving. Summer tires don't work, winter tires don't, all weather/season don't and student don't. You just sliding around not getting grip. Salt is all around the worst product to use in winter. Here we only salt roads in very specific conditions or in roads that due to their use get very little actual snow cover, and backed cause were a winte country get constant plowing anyway, since we're actually prepared for half a year of snow and ice roads and have winter tires regulated by law from fall to spring.
How many actually watched the movie all the way through though. One of the worst high ish budget WWII movies so far
It's a WWII movie. Battle and action doesn't make a WWII movie. The Churchill movies are also WWII movies. It was just a bad movie. And no it wasn't a horror movie. Regardless of what category you put it in, it was pretty bad.
Or they went for the one who had a possibly Mc better audition and reputation from her acting/theater school...
I'm not sure you really understand what theater is and think its just a stage version of movies... The role isn't to act like a Mongolian but to act. Just being Asian doesn't mean you can act like a Mongolian princess or have a stage presence.
So, Asia and other regions can never have locally run western plays like Shakespeare translated and played by local people according to you? Sheesh you guys have no clue what theather is and just like to call everyone a racists. I'm not racist but I know on theather it's hardly ever about picking the right color, voice, ethnicity, etc. You aren't doing yourself or anyone any favors by calling everyone racists because you don't understand theather.
Nice empty and meaningless argument. Except in this case I think it reflects more on you or you missed something.
Except this was on theather NOT Hollywood movies. So Japan and China do set up western and European plays even historical with their own ethnic actors speaking their own language... With terrible costumes and makeup
I haven't seen jarhead yet but from what I've heard, possibly. But you can't tell without actually watching. Thin red line was a while back but I recall liking it. And 1917 isn't out yet since I don't often go watch cinema alone, and it's not a movie my wife would be interested in spending a lot of money on tickets for besides the obvius issue of where to leave the baby for the duration.
I would. I'm fine with a black James bond to
Where'd did you drag that argument out of. None here have made any such claims. There's many roles i wouldn't mind seeing new actors of any ethnicity get a chance.
Well in a theater play, which this was, he very well could have gotten the role
Outside of America few know what Hamilton is. In Scandinavia we'd all think of the Swedish secret agent movies/series.. Anyway. If the play was adapted to China or Japan. It would be played by Chinese and Japanese speaking their language... It's theather... They may even have used white makeup. Maybe not Japan since that would be a different theather style there...
I like or like going alone. But being married. Having two jobs while studying and having a baby and three step kids. I don't have time or money to go to the movies alone. I'd rather spend the time I do have with my wife. And you can only buy 1917 yet, not rent.
That outrage comes from a minority in general though. Heck even the female Thor rage subsided after the first issue was out. And that had some validity.
Nah. I just rent or stream from the se vices when stuff is available. Unless it's something I really want to see that's locked to a currently US only service (D+)
Or he's one of those who can drink 1,5 liters of cola every day and eat ice cream and huge portions and be thin as. Stick. Meanwhile some of us can barely look at a meal barely crossing thre digits without putting on weight... It's not equal for everyone
Begge deler er viktig med tanke på problemløsning. Den norske skolen er basert på at elever skal lære problemløsning ikke bare å ha svarene. Derfor scorer vi også lavere på Pisa. Problemløsning måles ikke der og er forsåvidt vanskelig å måle.
Again with Hollywood when it was about "theater"...
Eneste Didaktikk tredje året er innbakt i FOU oppgaven og PEL oppgaven. Men de handler mest om å lære å skrive master og forske.
And I bet as usual with refills, it's more expensive per L or g than buying new bottles/boxes
Editing as in cutting between tales.from the big and small box. No manipulation or cgi.
What's the game?
Doesn't exist on my apps store.
UHU pornor some other foam/contact cement glue that's foam safe. It doesn't dry super hard and brittle like CA and glues foam perfectly. Follow the instructions. Apply to both surfaces. Wait untill tacky and press them together and you get a perfect fit every time.
1-7 og 5-10 er alle integrert master nå. Når jeg startet for 2,5 siden var vi de første kullet som bhynte på den nye ferdige 5 års modellen utenom prøveskolene. Alle som begynte på lærerutdanning da og etterpå må ta 5 årig master. Så året før er det nesten ingen lærere som blir utdannet i Norge. Kun på prøveskolene (UiT og UiB og en eller to til). PEL er de nye navnet på PED faget. De har slengt inn oe ekstra i faget som gir L. Elevlunnskap eller hva det var. Dette skal være gjeldene for alle skole som kjører de nye 5års studiet. Som igjen er alle. Lektor har jo master. Da må du jo nødvendigvis ha skrevet en master. Denne bør jo være fagdidaktisk til masterfaget.
Why would you need a rPi for this? Touch dimmers are cheap electronics and a good quality Cree led is all the electronics you need. The problem is making the mechanical arm.
Well you didnt make it transformable into a regular armed spotlight, so not really. That modem on theirs is a dimmer candle effect mood light.
As I recall they already priced themselves way to high for a calendar as it was. There was nothing it did that made it worth paying as much as they charged over apple calendar or outlook.
Eh. According to apples license they can't remove features or add ads to a bought app when they change to subscription. Report them.
No guarantee any of those are actually vegan though.
Maybe where you live...
No. The reason is because it doesn't to listen before talk. This sound like the esc/bec can't provide enough power and the servos and/or receiver loses power. I.e. A brown out. Not related to the receiver in any way sure the receiver migh be broken, but not because D8 or this received doesn't work in Europe.
Tre punktum er tenkepause. Ofte sarkastisk...
Ah yes. Of course the top comment is someone telling that cases are bad on the most breakable watch you can get. Yes we know a lot of you have an irrational hate for cases and people who use them. You don't need to say it every chance you get.
It's not a cheap watch. It cost the same as my seiko did when it was expensive. Now I think I can get a titanium calendar perpetual for half the price.
These guys do these "look at the secret I found " campaigns all the time
No. If a man photographer offers a discount for nudes, he's not a photographer. Definitely not a good or a pro one anyway. Amateurs with a camera offer discounts for nudes, and we're not going to limit this to just men. There's plenty of low morale women to go into this pile as well.
Possibly fake, but also lots of people with a camera claim to be photographers.
The law itself is sensible. You can't publish pictures of others without consent. In those circumstances it's actually pictures that are war photo journalism and would be exempt... EXCEPT, it would still be illegal for anyone who hasn't licensed it from the copyright holder.
You're constructing a fantasy scenario. Photographers don't give discount for specific types of photos, certainly not for nudes. Good photographers have no problems finding nude models or any models. And they know they don't need to offer discounts and discounts only reduces their reputation. I doubt you're in any kind of photography.
The literature price is the prime example of a high culture elitist circle jerk price. That doesn't make it proper. Always choose the right established and high culture writers doesn't make it a good prize for good literature.
It's not about formulaic. It's about always giving it to elitist high culture literature, generally by established and recognized writers who wander in the right circles.
We can disagree with her methods and everything all we want. But who has influenced more kids, youth and even adults than her. Her impact will only grow as these people get older and as their own influence affect their parents.
As cool as it is, the fact you're also essentially blind in this is kind of an issue and somewhat stressful
Turn off the high beams in this. Looks less cool, but you can at least see a bit. Fog lights are lower and work better in thes conditions though.
If you can still feel the rumble strip, it's not proper winter yet.
Shaken driver syndrome
Because America isn't free. And it's not just the protests.
Thanks
Meanwhile Germany has decided to ban Nazi iconography. and that's their choice AND it's not hindering their free speech either.
That's rather irrelevant to th discussion outside if the strawman you're trying and failing to build.
Oh. So you actually think there aren't any banner symbols in America... Hah... And no it's not against free speech. It's just that some of you amerifans don't know what free speech is.
No you don't need to know. Where I am dromnis irrelevant for anybartument about america being free. You have a twisted idea about freedom and you're alsonigjorant about thebworke. Even if America was the only place you could own a tank(it's not), that has nothing to do with freedom and especially not free speech. Free speech is the right to not be persecuted by your government for an idea, opinion, bekief or sexual orientation. Guess what most of Europe and all of Western europe currently have more free speech than the USA under your current president.
Depends on where you are... https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/23/us/marine-corps-confederate-flag.html
not a DDOI this post is.
actually they did. As they were lifetime licenses to upgrade from the past pay per update system. Anyway today the only license is a Eula that says you can't install it on non apple hardware. And we all know EULA isn't legally enforcable.
I see your not in a stable long term partnership or marriage living in a shared home with shared finances.
So he thinks FB should only allow posts with content he agrees with and think is politically correct. That sounds a lot like ... Censorship and thought control. I don't agree with racists and think they're bigotted man children. But you're not getting anywhere by censoring them.
Yes. But big purchases should ask the very least be informed on and probably agreed on in a healthy relationship. At least it you're grown ups and not kids pretending to play mom and dad after moving out of their parents thinking they're adults.
Yes. But not all racism is hate speech.
Not legally it isn't. Morally perhaps but that's individual ethically racism is hate speech. Legally people are allowed opinions and to say them. It's in the free speech allowednin all Western countries.
People do weire stuff because they're lazy or for convenience
There's also a con...
Legal or not was hardly the point...
But why is it posted in DDOI?
I don't think the size of people determine if they keep their job
I think the main problem is he changes perspective. He's supposed to live the life of other people, and at the start of each life he does then he usually changes and suddenly tells their life from his view. It makes it hard to know who's who.
A cop testifying against a senior cop publicly... Well I wouldn't want to be him after. He's definiely never working as a cop anymore and he'll probably be harrased for life at best.
It's even worse. If you click continue in Safari/browser. Long posts aren't fully viewable and wh n youbtryntob xpand them, BAM, Reddit app. Reddit is being both sneaky and backhanded. But at least you got access to polls
Most new content here isn't actually DDOI anymore.
Everything is backed up and can be restored from cloud storage within at least a week. And prove the opposite of what. What would need to be proven?
Why would they claim that. The cloud company isyoue client. And they're usually apple or Google for these. And at least with apple they don't pull at stupid shit like that Google... Well you're probably never get in contact with anything called customer support unless it's to pay them for ads or something.
De har jo byttet orde foran Down på alle oppfølgerne. Dette ville vel vært Alta Down, eller skal vi følge den mer ambisiøse tittelen til den siste, Valhalla down .
Ah. That's why nudity is taboo in America...
Photography and art rules. Avoid putting the focus dead center. 2/3rds is where you want it. Granted rules are meant to be broken, but I think here 2/3rds would be best.
As terrible as this is. It does not appear to be divided by a "book spine"...
But the president said the only way to ~~put down~~ calm the rioters is with morenrorce an brutality to show them who's boss.
"Enere og tiere" er en ganske vanlig måte å si verdier på i de fleste deler av norge muntlig.
When names are changed theyre changed to one of the random names xbl creates. Like any variation of JollySomething. Then you're able to change it to whatever you want.
And why are mods allowed to ban people for posting in other subs. You don't always know what sub you reply in if it's on all, yetvrh we mods ban you for a single post trying to change the mind of a bigot. Their logic being that the only way to change a bigot or racist is to ignore them. anyone with basic psychology of pedagogic teaching can tell that's the wront approach
Well there's proof we did that. Repeatedly... So...
Why would they want to return it. For the postage and handling th y can make a whole batch of new bands. The price doesn't represent production cost. It may represent the bands value, personally I don't agree, they're worth more than tird party band but not 5-10 times more.
That was the original point
It's not a DDOI anyway
i think you mean collectible tabletop miniature artwork figures...
That sounds more like those weirdos who play with the big soft GI Joe ~~dolls~~ action figures.
They are useful for uni as note taking devices. However if she's getting a degree and writing papers for a bachelor or master, she's going to need an actual laptop untill apple allows plugins on apps and MS release office with plugin support and endnote is released for it.
At the age I saw it I was more confused about why he was fighting himself... Did he have an while twin.
Not from the beaches anyway. I thought the map and time had a bigger scale
Youll notice that when you screw in the bolts. And without potentially ripping out a good chunk of wall or at the very least deforming the extendable wall mounts. The cantilever weight he ads as he hangs from the end is going to break them.
Mostly you can. If you're in actual danger and you had no other reasonable option. There will be an investigation and probably a court case, but as long as you didn't hoot an unarm d drunk sleeping on your lawn or an intruder in the back ad he ran away you're good.
There also a lot of white supremacists camping in their little communities with lots of legal and illegal guns just waiting to start a revolution. They'll fail, but they'll take a lot of people with them in the process and possibly take away poor police man and friends right to lay with guns everywhere in the process.
I doubt it was "witnesses" the cops feared enough to let them go there. A gun can only do so much if there's enough "witnesses"
A charity doesn't mean non profit and running a bit properly run charity doesn't mean working for peanuts. Profits can help a charity do a better job, and getting a good CEO that actually knows how to run a giant charity that actually works means paying good CEO level salary. The money earned, saved and properly spent from having good leadership is far more than even inflated CEO pay. Sure it would be nice if everyone were volunteers. But a good CEO doesn't have time to volunteer. He'll need an actual job to and you don't have time to be a CEO 200%.
Mission driven CEO arenoften also not that great or can bend rules for their "mission" Wether a charity is for profit or not shouldn't be that deciding factor. The job they do should. even the best charities have cases of corruption from middle managers or sub divisions. Charities shouldn't be necessary anyway. Certainly not for domestic issues. For non domestic I donate quite a bit through my taxes as it is and don't have anything left over to give money away anyway with studies and a family.
What's the education required for police in UK? over here it's minimum 3 years bachelor degree at the police school. And while they're not perfect, relative to the US cops, they are.
uh.? There's barely any spread in this. They're closer than the original DDOI. Anyway, distance isn't a factor in being a DDOI. This is a DDOI more than most posted here.
I was confused what I was missing. He's arguing their point with the exact same.
Having just handed in my no-longer-a-bachelor paper before I start working on my Master in 1-1,5 years as a teacher(I.e. humanities). Writing these without endnote to manage my references in the paper would be ... Frustrating...
IT degrees doesn't usually require the same level of writing scientific papers and references. Heck when I did my IT degree we didn't even learn proper references, APA or anything else. Our "paper was project documentation mostly written by the team member(s) taking project management as a main while coders didn't the code and documentation and the tech guys did deployment documentation and reports. Anyway EndNote isn't an MS plugin. It's a reference manager. Word(desktop) had one built in but it's missing a lot of reference types .
Only by a small sub group of masochists who have a hard on for it. M9st papers are certainly not. Bachelo, master or PhD or just scientific research. Most prefer to focus on the work not coding the paper.
Do you still get bounty credit for blasting the ship stranding you on the planet where you starve or run out of oxygen...
That's the resolution of the dot projector
You know that 1. It's "just" the rendering engine while some tracking code is there mostnisnin the shell. 2. It's open source. Vivaldi can add and remove whatever they want to their blink fork. 3. Most it's not the browser you need to worry about. It's websites that track you even when you try to block them. You can disable cookies and tracking and fake your IP and mask your browser and block sociaø and other buttons. They're still able to track you from fingerprinting your browsing.
He's immoral(moral is individual though, and possibly unethical for a lot lot of people). But being against gay marriage in your religion because it's against the religion doesn't mean he hates gay people, jus that he doesn't think they should marry in that religion. of course religion is archaic in itself.
I think a team that made and maintained their own web rendering engine can maintain a fork from a well documented main branch. I'm assuming Google knows how to properly document their code changes...
I do. But I do math outside of word. And the formula editor in word can be used with a similar markup as you type making it just as fast if you learn the markup anyway. Reference management is a bigger issue anyway.
I think the justification is that the artist didn't put that much thought to it and he didn't have enough experience to make any more complicated models.
https://outerzone.co.uk/plan_details.asp?ID=6948 Look up what others have done. Making a fully self made construction as your first probably isn't the best and if someone else already made plans, why reinvent the wheel. The balsa needs to be thick enough so you don't sand through it when smoothing out and shaping, and still thin enough to form.
Hmm. A10 's are usually easy to fly. The big glider like wings with polyhedral gives it excellent low speed performance and self righting stability. Just don't make it too heavy and make sure you can fly it slow enough. And if you plan to fly it at attack speed, make sure you have solid spars and core construction.
Old suitcase made to last. You can see it's male all the way around on the inside.
FeMale is the metal version of a man
I guess the borders are still closed though, so not entirely. I was supposed to go to NZ for 4 weeks as a practice teacher in my 4th year during fall. Which was canceled...
I was about to write why cote d'ivoire was so high. Then asni was about to write I realized it must be the ivory coast and they accepted ivory coast and whatever local name it had
That was frustrating even at 2x...
Yes. But you see, the thing is, a digital recording can be speed up so people actually want to watch it. It's why time-lapse is a thing.
All of humanity doesn't need to die for an end of the world
And it probably also can't prevent facetime audio ducking
That's a long winded way to say "what about"
We can have history in museums, including statues instead of honoring and celebrating them in public squares. Public statues don't teach, they celebrate and honor.
The 3D res is limited by the dot projector not the or camera res which needs to be higher than the dot projector, significantly so.
Paperøike doesn't get smoothed by the pen nib like regular screen protectors though which makes it ugly and uneven with smooth lines across the matte surface untill most of it is smooth.
Looks like the maps for thw shadowrun board/tabletop game
But if you only die once you only live once. Life is long and continuous, death is and and point and final, usually...
Does a torus actually have a hole...
Ypure an evolved version of yourself. You didn't die. Without those choices you wouldn't be who you are.
But unless your heart stops beating at night and all your memories are erased every night. You have one continuos life, you have a new day and you can philosophically claim new beginnings, but you have one life and one final death.
And it still has one single continuos surface.
Joda. Men vi har ikke helt Sveriges kapasitet
Not a DDOI, not even close. Just crappy design. But not really that either unless you're an idiot
Well outside of science fiction and the fact they will both be a fraction of the same with a lot of shared traits and memories even after splitting. It'd still be the same life. Only it became two lives, but both started at birth.
Yes. /not_s
They are two two lives, but they started as one. There was no new life created, they both started at the same time and place . and were the same untill they were two(provided one was magically tranaplanted into a new body). That's a rather absurd what if scenario to attempt to create a "new life" argument anyway. The one you should make that would work is a adult clone of your raeld but with no old memories. It would need to do everything from eating, walking and talking in a new "born" body and mind. That would be a new life.
No, there also consciousness and your body being alive being part of the full package, but mostly life is memories and consciousness. New life means new memories and no old memories.
So against all philosophy and science you think a new life is crazy sted by learning and minor week to week changes... It's something new, but it's not new life. At best new beginnings, New chances but best is probably simply new experiences and new horizons. Thinking you're a new person because you would no longer do the bad stuff you did before is just lying to yourself and pretending like you're not that person. But it's OK to have been that person, just accept you have grown and changed and learned and because of that you are no longer that person but he's still part of who you were and are.
Enkeltsaksstemmere er ikke positivt for demokratiet.
Ubersicht and loud ass fans and half your battery time
You DO know what DDOI is right? Maybe you'd be better off over at crappydesign
Ubersicht even when it's not running the fans is taking a considerable amount of your battery percentage even with a couple of simple text meters. It's cool, but if you care the slightest about being mobile or i tethered usage... It's not for you, and let's face it, it's one of the primary motivators for macbook buyers.
Unless your SMART info says the disk is failing it's just some maintenance being done in the background after a windows update. Ignore for now.
As much as Trump is an idiot and a terrible human being and a worse president. What does it matter if he was never a church. I'd consider a president who don't go to church and aren't told by God to start wars a good thing...
But that's how he is in general...
You're making shit up. Physical books are far worse for CO2 emissions. Person b2 needs.to buy overpriced pioneer s and storage causing more waste an co2 emissions. What is the questionable company. I used apple and Microsoft as examples, not Google. Both are very protective of the customers and their data. You need to look into facts here. Of there's a power outage your data is inaccessible anyway as you device is dead. Actually local data is historically more likely to get hacked than iCloud or one I've. So... Apple and windows both have Keychaina or variations and 2fa with recovery. You're grasping at you own strawmen... Apple and iCloud still support laptops and devices that are more than a decade old. And guess what even then it can still be accessed on the web... Why would you not being able to use another OS. The data isn't inaccessible from windows and again, I USD big iCloud and one drive as examples and you can migrate the data, easily with the user friendly and standard friendly UX. Why would the data be deleted and how would that be different from being on a password protected encrypted drive... At least the cloud storage you could potentially get access to if you have good grounds. Which one had their data saved in case of burglary, accidents, fire or other disasters? Which one can access their media from anywhere, from any device at any time? Which one can easily share the media and data with anyone? Which one doesn't need to buy the biggest and most expensive models of phones and laptops just to store photos and videos. Which one has all their data storage catagorized and searchable by tags and Metadata. I don't think you know anything about iCloud or one Drive and haven't used or read up on either and you regurgitating stuff you heard online from the anti cloud groups without doing your own research to make up you own opinion.
Lying about actual campaign promises is wise than lying about you cloud fairy.
How many strawmen are you trying to make... Seriusly... People with dementia aren't that capable of using their computers as it is. But if they are guess what, then their cater can manage their cloud data for them so they see their favorite photos... Also Foxconn isn't an "apple" factory. And how is that revant. More strawmen And yes everything creates a carbon p Footprint. Pints and books are worse than the cloud. Heck MS runs their azure servers carbon neutral now and is working on making them positive to make them completely netrual, I.e. Correcting the previous footprints. Learn a few basic things and read something not from your anti cloud echo chambers. You're like listening to the arguments of a climate denier who only knows what he's been told in his echo chambers.
Hehe.. Avast... Oh my..... Oh thats great... More strawmen.. Local data is still less safe. And iCloud use 2fa and prevents unknown access. Again, just look up the basics of tht thing you are trolling hage about online.
None of them prevents it. Stop making multiple replies and trying to make ridiculous strawmen.
Ever use any beta versions of either OS?
Do you keep Bluetooth on? Got much 2.4 interference? Are they on the same wifi network and ssid?
It primarily use wifi. And I'm not 100%sure but I think you may need BT on for the Beacon to initiate.
Stems from the same roots.
Some of us guys is just as turned on and enjoy that part. And when we either have PiV, oral or handjobs we either finish fast or it lasts so long it av ually becomes hard to finish after a while
That's why clouds can share data... You seem pretty insistent on making up absurd and more and more far fetched scenarios. When both the paper and local storage options have the same issues only worse. You haven't given any actual reasons that don't also exist for local or paper storage.
It get thrown away when you die, it burns in a fire, it degrades, it's not long term and u color proof so it fades, it takes a LOT of space, it collects a lot of dust... I have given just as many viable sources as you have. And my arguments don't rely need sources, Conlin knowledge doesn't. As any person who's written papers in higher education would know.
Amateur doesn't mean they're not good. Amateur just man's it's not your income. There's some absolutely shit professional photographers and a.lotnof awesome amateurs.
If I didn't know better I'd almost think that was sarcasm...
Eh it's a bunch of renders and made up functionality and fictional marketing speak. They're fishing for money for a product that doesn't exist and won't be made.
Arguing like a man child and no actual arguments is all you need to recognize a troll.
Just ftr. The gimbals are regular standard non hall effect jumper gimbals. Only the cheap rdc50 pot meters have been replaced with more expensive rdc90 gimbals. They're the same pots futaba uses. But it's still old pot meter tech. Hall effect is still a better gimbal that last longer. In practice rdc90 is good enough it'll outlast a jumper radio by quite a bit. So it's really just a way to make you pay more
Maybe not look for sex toys on wish, eBay and Amazon....
Which is why you get toys at proper adult toy stores and from proper brands. That's not bashing. That's helpful information
It's missing ÆØÅ though..
The Wheel of Time turns, and ages come and pass, leaving memories that become legend. Legend fades to myth, and even myth is long forgotten when the Age that gave it birth comes again. In one Age, called the Third Age by some, an Age yet to come, an Age long past, a wind rose in the Mountains of Mist. The wind was not the beginning. There are neither beginnings nor endings to the turning of the Wheel of time. But it was a beginning.
There's some slow periods in the middle there. Like the books the series has the same lull in the middle, some find it hard to get past, personally I enjoyed it anyway, but it picks up a lot after.
Then get a fitness band...
&gt; Plenty of urban areas in the US, Canada and Europe have weeks below -10c, Yes. We call that summer here in Norway
Or learnt what he did before the end when it was too late.
As cool as follow me is, I find it rather "useless" for making videos. If you were stalking some on sure or for surveillance. But for videos/film you get a rather boring and non dynamic overview shot. And for most situations where it could be cool or useful it's not legal or safe anyway...
Nice. A bit flat and non dynamic for cinematic though. Work on smooth long turns so you don't need to do several half turns stopping inbetween.
Having the money doesn't mean you can use it. And if they tried Nintendo's worth would skyrocket. That also assumes one of Japan's most loved national companies would sell out, to a American Corp much less... Even if apple could afford it, they couldn't do it.
20 kilo pc og skjerm? Hvor gammel er denne?
So many posters who hate Facebook and post on a Facebook sub and also have no clue what the onion or satire is... Probably votes for Trump to and wonder why they were temp banned from FB, they only posted that highly racist white power nazi propaganda picture with some comment on how "they" are ruining their nation.
He never said Luke.
Because those **stories** get more karma...
&gt; On top of that most people want to kill facebook, Yeah... No. Your FB hate echo chamber is not even remotely close to most people.
FB is fucked if they do and fuckefnig they don't. If they release be hate speech they are censoring. And ne d to decided on the magic and movable line of what to censoring or not. Either way the internet clown trolls call them out for censorship and infringing on free speech. If they don't sensor, the same clown squad will call them racist, bigots and support rsnog hate speech. FB is trying to go in the middle. Censoring what is classified as hate speech and illegal. And they get attack by the same clown squad for both reasons. Is mindfuckingly stupid. But when you realize they're just using FB as an easy target for acting like childish trolls and most haven't even looked up facts on their own it makes more sense.
So far we haven't been shown anything indication it will be a good adaption or not. Just good effects
You're still not allowed to take photos and post online of people, publicnor not, witjout consent. as a cop, you REALLY are not.
Runkeeper when I tried it on the whatc had horrible GPS tracking. So I went back to Endomondo.
Unless it has a crank hub motor you should save more. Wheel hub motors are terrible. They apply the force wrong and delayed and will keep spinning after you stop. You can get some decent crank hub bikes down to 1.2k though roughly. But most are around twice that.
I'm sorry america has shitty privacy laws. Do not go pulling that bullshit anywhere else though.
Theres probabøy a handful of somewhat reasonable Republicans and a handfull of crazy Democrats not following the stream.
It may or may not be a cradesign, but it's not a DDOI at any rate.
Interesting how much influence Akira had on sci-fi and cyberpunk motorbikes.
A better question would be "has your view on the US worsened faster during covid19 than before?"
The thing about American democracy is that it isn't actually a democracy.
Grow the ruck up. Europenhas far more free speech than ame ica even if we can't open carry weapons or openly threaten murder and hate speech. The fact you consider this rights worth having over safety and actually not being killed by the state for disagreeing tells me all I need to know about you, your morals, your understanding of ethics and your knowledge of laws, in and outside of Europe and US. If you ever wish to visit Europe to take photos. Look up the laws on your own before coming here. And don't worry. You won't be forced to give up your passwords, encrypted drives, cloud storage social network ID's or electronics to the ~~secre police~~ customs agents on entry.
I'm not entirely sure that's an entirely healthy way to look at it either...
Yes... It doesn't have to be hard to read right to be a DDOI
Eh. Spotify was and is huge all over the world and was long before AM... They're still much bigger than AM in Europe, and that's subscribed users, active free users are far bigger again... Music and movie/series streaming is huge and is by far the main method of consumption of these media today. XBOX has made game subscription a success.
Maybe you should look up what are are actually talking about. XBL gold is what gives you online service and several free games every month, you "keep" once you claim them and have an active gold sub. Xbox game pass https://www.xbox.com/en-US/xbox-game-pass?xr=shellnav Is their subscription service and is in addition to XBL unless you subcsribe to the ultimate package, which is everything. Reportedly including the future XCloud game streaming. Game pass has grown and become immensely popular since for the price of 1-2(depending on how you subscribed or how long and what deals you got in on) you get access to (currently) over 200 games. Including basically all MS published games.
The question is how suggestive are these cosplay pictures really. It's a very subjective measuring stick. And what you consider lewd and inappropriate and suggestive soft core pics may silly be posed cosplay pics if scantilly clad characters and not really suggestive for most people. Youre asking everyone here to judge based on your moral compass without knowing what your moral compass actually is.
I could have been with you. But that last sentence showed why you were banned and it wasn't because of what you posted but how and that Canada would have been better off withoutnimporting your hate.
That's one fifth of the amount of Xbox ones that are sold. So at LEAST 1/5th of Xbox users are subscribing to game pass. And you need to limit your out of the ass numbers to just Xbox. And since there's over 200 games on game pass. That's 2000 million games a month. Using the same fantasy math you use. Only with actual numbers. And you're the one making strawmen here. You're the one making up arguments. I don't think you know what a strawman is. But you think you can use the term as an escape clause to get out there for a discussion when you know you have nothing more to argue and you can't admit you're wrong.
Reposted already....
You're the one who seems to be triggrd and angry here. Are you ok? Do you need to talk to someone?
I think most actually use ETA for some reason.
You're not supposed to look at the screen while drivint anyway.
Yes. But on fps maps they often chose to use ETA anyway. It's a known akronym. Beregnet ankomst is to long and BA means nothing to anyone.
Seeing as I haven't gotten it for Mac because from most I've seen my non touchbar MBP can't really play it. This would give me a chance without having to rsort to crappy broken steam link picture quality.
The woah... Message was the 10 th9ugh. The Shrek one was just a cover
Yes. And then you"close" the browse and you get he start pages or a blank page. Because closing only closed all the tabs wiping your session. You need to exit from the many bare or right click on the dock to fully close the browser and keep the session when you open it again. This is because apple thinks the red x shouldn't actually close apps, just clos whatever you're doing in them and keep the app in memory in case you want to open the app you just closed again in the next few minutes.
Which on browsers is how closing with the red x should work. Or in all apps that don't specifically say otherwise. I have my hands on the trackpad. Going CMD+q is more movement. And a command I don't need to use for anything else.
The only way to do that is to recover it as the x closes all the tabs resetting the session to nothing.
I didn't make a jump. I made a comparison. And you decided witjout knowing my shit all about the service at all to claim it was a failure. You didn't even know what it was... And you had already made the jump to other services yourself in other arguments. So you where the one who took a comparison and made the jump. Btw. This post you made that I just replied to. That was a strawman, just so you know what one is. So no. I haven't lost any argument against you yet. You haven't made any actual arguments. You haven't provided any numbers credible or otherwise. I literally can't "lose" an argument against you when you aren't actually arguing. You're just having a weird temper tantrum and because of triggered and angry because people are no longer buying music.
don't think they need that right now... Bring back logged with waiting lists
Not accepting anti MS/Windows trolling doesn't make it an echo chamber...
You're either very new to Linux or have had a very limited experience centered around just your specific needs if you actually believe this. And having basic drivers isn't the same as having drivers that are useful.
Ummm. I haven't abandoned any arguments. And you haven't provided any actual numbers. But then again. You never reply when people point out the obvious glaring faults in you "numbers" and your usage of them. The you deflect and make a few strawmen and throw some ad hominems so you don't need to defend your bs numbers and why you use worldwide AM users against a much to narrow US age group to pretend the numbers can't be real. https://www.statista.com/statistics/604959/number-of-apple-music-subscribers/ Notice it says worldwide, not US. https://www.google.no/amp/s/pitchfork.com/news/apple-music-now-has-more-paid-us-subscribers-than-spotify-report/amp 28 million was apparently AM sub number last year in the US or possibly NA. It's usually NA.
Ok. 1. I never made an Xbox argument. I made a comparison . You where the one who made an argument about it for... Reasons.. 2. I have posted actual numbers. You have provided .. well numbers from your head combined with no actual numbers and some made up stuff. Now are you still clinging to that everyone between 20-50 has an account? Or have you realized they where worldwide subscribers yet? And that people use family and individual subscriptions 11-13 of age. And of course growth has slowed down... That's natural as they saturate the market. And as you yourself hav argued... They're doing that along with Spotify. Younjust argued against yourself... You still hae not had a single actual argument. Just rants, made up numbers, crazy comparisons between global and US numbers and a lot of strawmen to deflect the fact you don't know what you're talking about. Like when you started the Xbox argument and didn't even know what you where arguing about. And which you quickly abandoned and pretend never happened when you realized the numbers very much disproved your no one wants to rent theory.
I'm still waiting for you to actually provide any arguments and not deflections. I said come back when you can actually defend your argument with actual jumbe enjoy global users vs a tiny age bracket of the US user base. I'll be waiting. Stop trying to strawman yourself out of it.
I'd take the brown over most of the others. At least it's colors work together. Even if it's all the same, and brown can be nice.
It's better then the complete non matching color crash on the others though.
Since it was drawn for birth year, if that birth year had a leap day it would have the same average number of birthdays as any other day that year.
What essence...
Tesla protect the battery compartment well enough you have several minutes to exit the car before there's even heat in the cabin and the car will give a warning and tell you to exit the vehicle when the battery is compromised or burning.
Seriusly. We have smart batteries in rc already. For those that care
After switching to Mac I missed a lot of convenience and stability and functionality from windows. 3 years later, I still do. There's very little reason to stay with Mac ECO system or not. Most of my iPhone functions I can still get to work with windows just as easy, either with one drive or my phone or other apps. But reality is that there's very little reason for my phone or iPad pro to need to talk that integrated with my computer, and they don't really either, as much as apple brags about the interconnectivity, it's not that great
En bydel er større og men ser ikke nødvendigvis like mye ut som et hovedkvarter
Men samtidig tok det sikkert dager å lage dette i mine craft. I max, Maya, c4d eller blender til og MD hadde dette vært make en time med doodling mens man gjør andre ting.
I'm sorry... You seem to be mistaking this for something not apple... This is going to be apple watch all over again. I like my apple watch. But it wastes so much spac for so little information. I miss the information and readability of the Weathershot app(that wasn't called that but they split and changed names to Weathershot for the photo/weather app and Blu something for the watch faces)
MacOS has a significantly larger user base using and wanting to use office Web office is useless if you're using office to write scientific articles or papers for studies or something though.
Eh I wouldn't say Libre has an intuitive ui. Anyway it's OK for general office stuff. Useless like the web apps for serious scientific articles and papers if you're studying or doing research.
Slik jeg forstår det eksporteres mange av disse minecraft skulpturene til andre renderere for å rendre slik som dette.
Stupid but heroic friend
Alle som påstår at bokmål er dansk hr ikke sett film på prime der norsk tekst ofte kommer nesten ett minutt forsent så man setter dansk tekst...
