Really have to stand up against these haters. I'm proud of how these Trump supporters stuck together.
Incecst
You're welcome. We all have regrets. I cringe at some of the situations I got involved in once, but the point is not to dwell on it too much. You have a whole future life ahead of you. Good luck.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ets0xkUk17Y
Smartphones. People will wake up one day realizing their smartphone is the real person.
How come Carter Page was never charged with a crime? PS: I can tell you the answer, if you really can't figure it out, but I think you know.
While it was alive?
I work on and near the ocean, and frankly plastic water/drink bottles are always there. I can't say I've ever seen a plastic straw, except when that video of the sea turtle having one extracted from its nostril came out. Never underestimate the power of having a mascot/victim.
Sure, they changed their stories. They thought Hillary was going to be abandoned by the DNC and probably indicted. Just like rats leaving a sinking ship, but when it became obvious the Russia cover story was going to be the new narrative, they jumped back onboard.
Definitely the biggest moron in that orbit.
Why are you threatening me?
I would if I was single and they seemed alright.
I thought they lived in the islands....and you know the ones I'm talkin' about.
Skydiving. It's just not for me. I tried it twice, tandem (a requirement). I wasn't really scared, but it was uncomfortable and I got nauseated after my chute opened. You can't enjoy the view, if you're nauseated. I'm definitely a water person.
Joe Biden is Hillary 2.0 It's hard for me to believe the democrats are dense enough to choose ole *trash heap Joe* as their champion. If he is their nominee, this election will be a blowout.
So, do you believe 16 year-olds should have the right to buy guns, or felons, for that matter?
Bigots are discriminated against; there is no denying that.
Well, 16 year-olds should continue to learn more about civics and history, so that they may look forward to voting at 18, as a more informed individual. And you can debate all you want about violent felons earning back their gun rights, but there is already a debate about law-abiding citizens owning firearms, so I doubt that argument would go very far.
How about this: [Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/1INN06G.jpg)
Cowboy butts drive him nuts
No, but you can vote him out of office. Of course, with Joe Biden as the nominee that's not going to happen.
an unidentified individual is known as a John or Jane Snow
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. *I've never understood why the left hates that so much. It literally represents the greatest aspirations of our great nation*
First Mate Shellman and Captain Tortuga
Ok, let's do something. We need to eliminate most of the people on the planet, because without fossil fuels, they can't be sustained. They will starve or fight to survive, and that's not good. So, do your duty and put them to sleep. /s Unfortunately, this is the reality of it. Hope I don't get banned for this.
He's got a really positive attitude towards life, and he has always been on my side.
You bet I could, I'm not such a bad gourmet myself, we don't have to sit here and listen......
Probably should start with vaccinations.
Just discovered them about a month ago. Definitely a fan now.
Yes, usually it doesn't end up too well. It can cause problems at work, unwanted drama, compromising situations.
Life will find a way.
She's THAT good!
You're gonna need a bigger grill.
It may depend on how much you really need it. If you have a good paying and stable job with money in the bank, then perhaps the 50 grand gift isn't that momentous. I'm fairly conservative by nature, but I would probably invest the money in something with a solid chance of growth.
/r/Imsorryjon
Hillary Clinton, as Sec. of State, received many requests for more armed security from Ambassador Stevens before the attack. They were denied. (Dems like to point out that a bill for more funding was denied by Republicans, but she could have moved resources from other *less hostile* locations). During the attacks, repeated requests for additional backup was denied. Troops specifically tasked with emergency response were told to stand down. (Some of them ignored this order and went to help anyways). Hillary should have pushed harder to get these men military support. Who else can you call at 3 AM? After the tragedy, she tried to minimize the impact of the terrorist attack by emphasizing a relatively inconsequential youtube video as a primary cause of the attacks. This was done to help Obama's re-election campaign, as he had touted his record of decreasing terrorist activity.
I can tell she's attractive, but the angle of the photo gives her features a disproportionate appearance.
General Robert E. Lee's land was confiscated as a penalty for participating in the Civil War. His land later became Arlington National Cemetery. I believe Lincoln was more interested in uniting the country after the Civil War, which he believed was in the greater interest.
/r/bettereveryloop
*tick tock tick tock*
I thought that was Prince Ali's castle.
Chappaquiddick It seemed fair to the events and circumstances. It didn't sugarcoat the details.
Hence the term *Glass Bottom Boat*, a vessel that's doomed to sink and kill everyone.
Some are more equal than others
Yes, absolutely put the ball in her court. Text her back something like, "No problem, I understand when things come up. Let me know when you will be free to get together." If you don't hear from her after that, ghost her.
Only travel into the future, never into the past.
Dive in seaports. Often I find large tools that have been dropped. Large lobsters and game fish seem to know they are safe there.
Sure, I'll have a beer with you.
Did you ask the person who invited you why? At first I thought maybe it was an MLM sales pitch.
Well, I would say that if it works for them, then more power to them.
I foresee indigestion.
So, by immigrating and working for the capitalist masters, you are emboldening the very forces that you say destroyed your homeland. I'd say their plan worked perfectly.
Canada is ultra capitalist.
*actual size*
How amazing my new bed is.
Like a shark. You're gonna need a bigger bathtub.
I received a call from an unknown number, but was unable to answer it in time. I was expecting a call. They didn't leave a message, so I called the number right back. This was the conversation: Unknown man: Helloh! Me: Hello, this is (my name), and I just received a call from this number. Unknown man: No one called your number. Me: Well, sir, yes someone did. I am just calling back to speak to whoever did. Unknown man: You know what I think? (my name) is a LIAR! *click* After that I just started laughing.
Blinded by the light, wrapped up like a douche, another owner in the night.
There is a scene from IKE: Countdown to D-Day with Tom Selleck that shows this very moment. The actors even look like the soldiers in the photo.
If a foreign country offers accurate information that the candidate you are running against is a corrupt, dangerous, and deceitful traitor to your country, you would have a responsibility to accept it and reveal it to the public and dept. of justice.
I guess being smart doesn't help you come up with interesting book titles.
He also doubles as a Leprechaun on Saint Patrick's Day https://youtu.be/K1ljOcl39PQ
Pong
No one is trying to scare them. If they feel fear, it is only because there is a rational realization that the enforcement of laws they have broken in the past, may finally be coming back to haunt them. Now, if Hillary had won the presidency, they would rightly have no anxiety over this, as the immigration laws on the books would not be enforced. However, due to the effects of this lax attitude towards the law, American finally got frustrated enough to change the leadership in Washington. Now, this doesn't mean you can't do anything about it. If you disagree with the policies of the president, there is an election in about 18 months. If another candidate for president is elected, President Trump will peacefully step down and relinquish his office, and then the law can be changed. Non-citizens will not be allowed to vote, as the law states.
If President Trump was offered accurate information that a political rival was a threat to everything the US stands for from a foreign government, he would have a duty to accept and reveal it. You can't deny that 2 + 2 = 4 just because a foreign government tells you it is.
Yes, I agree, and Trump said if there was anything concerning in what he saw he would go to the FBI: Trump said. "I think I’d take it. If I thought there was something wrong, I’d go maybe to the FBI." But if there is simple and credible information about a rival candidates unethical behavior, why not look at it? Supposedly, that is what the Clinton campaign did with the Steele dossier, even though it turned out not to be credible. And the FBI used it as an excuse to get an unjustified FISA warrant. Not really the people to be throwing stones here.
The Steele Dossier (unverified as it was) was given to the FBI and they went ahead and used it to surveil the Trump campaign. They were not on Team America, but Team Hillary. This is what the people understand and why he was elected, to drain the swamp.
What treason? If Russia came to Trump and said, "Comrade, we have documented proof that Joe Biden betrayed his country and sold Top Secret military technology to China in exchange for giving his son a multi-million dollar consultant contract, use it as you would like". So, if Trump takes that information, he committed treason? I don't think so. And as he said, if he saw something like that he would show the FBI.
When you say hostile foreign government, you mean enemy right? It's important to make the distinction, because that is what the law says. Now, the post by OP just says foreign governments, and those are not necessarily enemies. Russia and China, are they enemies? I'd say they are at least national adversaries or threats, potential enemies for sure. If a Russian representative came to President Trump and said we have evidence that Elizabeth Warren plagiarized her college paper on the rights of Native American women during the 1800's. Should Trump go to the FBI?
I agree with almost everything you said, but I don't know if his statement to Stephanopoulus really constitutes an abdication of law and order. Trump was simply trying to answer the question honestly. Not all information out there is a security threat. This is very similar to the WikiLeaks release of e-mails. Some focused on the fact that the information was stolen, some focused on the fact that it was true.
Well, we know from the Mueller report that the Trump campaign didn't accept any opposition information from a foreign source while he was a candidate. I'm not so sure we could say the same about the other side. Even so, if the Steele dossier was true, then Trump wouldn't deserve to be president, and I'd want to know.
Well, that's fair enough. Nice discussion, I've enjoyed it.
Labrinyth
Isn't all radio for the blind, theoretically?
Wrestling while drunk
Wasting it or being forced to waste it.
Absolutely true. Now, where are the fiscal conservatives, of which I am one. They magically stopped mentioning deficits and the debt.
/r/The_Donald would like to offer your sister possible employment in their meme division.
Actually, he did not accept any opposition research from Russia, even though they offered it.
Thankfully, we have modern engineering techniques in conjunction with modern science to deal with any negative effects of climate change.
Oh, I see. You are attributing those events specifically to man made climate change. Half the US? quite an exaggeration, common for those pressing climate hyperbole.
If he didn't accept it, how could it be turned over to the FBI? Besides, they had no idea if that information was from a representative of the Russian government. She was Russian but not necessarily a Russian operative.
Well, Mueller already looked into all this. Don Jr. wasn't charged with a crime.
Well, Clinton and her support team floated the idea of Russian interference to explain her loss (which morphed into Trump conspired with Russia), the very thing we are talking about. And remember, Clinton did use Russian dirt on Trump (unverified as it was) which they paid a foreign agent for. So, doesn't this look like one big case of projection?
The truth is you don't know one, and can't think of one, because you've never been told one.
So, for instance, Trump is given accurate information by the French government that Joe Biden has been selling top secret military information to China in exchange for a high paying consulting job for his son. He is not allowed to look at and investigate this information as President of the United States, with the DOJ of course?
Similar to the legend of the Doro https://www.reddit.com/r/memes/comments/7wioon/el_doro/
Build a House Paint a Self Portrait Meet Tyler Durden
Aww
I believe the new policy would end catch and release as well as increasing active deportations of previously released migrants. The problem with the asylum hearings is that there is an over two year backlog.
I would disagree with you that our borders need to be more open, but I agree that people coming from extremely desperate circumstances should get a chance to make a case for asylum. My wife is an immigrant and had to wait eleven years before her application was accepted, and I don't think that is right. I can only think that if our border was completely secured, then the US could accept more legal immigrants, who would be properly vetted. Anyways, I appreciate your perspective.
I have nothing against the concept of asylum, but what are you really saying, that the rest of the world sucks? Does the US have to carry the whole burden. We already accept more legal immigrants than nearly any other country, and now we are supposed to rescue all the world's oppressed as well? You seem very empathetic towards these migrants. Are you the same in your personal life? There are many homeless in every city. Do you care for them as much? As wealthy as the US is, there are still people who suffer here? Shouldn't we address their plight before we tackle the plight of others all over the world?
I don't believe so, and that wouldn't be fair to those going through the legal application process. However, we may be able to allow more legal immigrants in, if we reduced the number of those illegally entering.
They've done it again! found food once more.
I would really like to see the math on that, because undocumented residents would have to make at least $12,000 as a single, $18,000 as head of household before they even begin to pay federal income tax. That is assuming they would even file. If they are undocumented as a resident, why would they even file taxes?
In this day and age of rampant drug overdoses, terrorism, homelessness, and hoards of undocumented migrants, we have to control our borders. We will gladly allow people who have been vetted properly to obtain visas and apply for citizenship or residency, but they must be documented, period. Nothing about that is racist, xenophobic, or oppressive. It's just common sense in a world with bad elements. When Democrats accuse Trump supporters of being these things for simply supporting the law and promoting an effective solution to problems from a porous border, we just think you all are asleep.
They are still bringing misery to Americans.
It was bottled water, the capitalist pig enabler.
That I would get lonely. I never did. There were always plenty of activities to keep me busy, and when you are unattached you have lots of time and freedom to attend social events, if you like. Although, I didn't care much for those either.
Isn't presumptive another word for "uppity"
The US is not like other countries. Our military is the largest in the world and requires a massive budget. It could be debated whether it is necessary, but someone needs to be able to confront aggression and instability on the planet. The Health Insurance industry, of which I am no fan, is a trillion dollar operation that employs millions. That would have to be completely overhauled and reduced. Then, look at our overall budget and then the 22 trillion national debt. In your opinion has the government been responsible with taxpayer money or their fiscal responsibilities? Has the government been responsible with the VA or Medicaid? Why do you trust these people so much?
More like a fruitus, methinks
Insurance companies are middlemen, and a government healthcare system is also a middleman. What I would support is some form of tax free health savings account, in which Americans could draw and borrow from to pay for their medical needs directly. This topic is so broad and encompasses so many components of America society, economics, and legal issues, that is impossible to address all the consequences of this.
That was a booby trap, just like in Goonies! Pow!
Bill Posters Will Be Prosecuted!
June beetle or junebug common
Why not, just like to stay down longer? Air is easier on your lungs.
I am a commercial dive supervisor. We mix our own.
Why would they think that, as the American flag is raised and the national anthem is played?
Pluto is a Dog
Well, it's hard to impeach an innocent president. Even though, quite a few on the left will try.
You've already chose your poison.
Where do I begin? - Guaranteed income - Affirmative action (in general) - Climate Change hysteria - Acceptance of homeless encampments in public arenas - Acceptance of illegal immigration, sanctuary cities, refusal to cooperate with authorities - Blaming the US first for worldwide problems
I didn't say Climate Change wasn't an issue or even a problem, but this idea of a rapid approaching doomsday scenario is hyperbole. We can solve problems.
Now who has shown their true colors?
I don't believe President Trump is above criticism at all. However, the Hitler comparisons are a bit tiring. If you really believe that Trump is like Hitler, then history must not be one of your strong points. Trump is not systematically killing people, he is not invading countries, he is not trying to establish a new racial order. The comparison of a Jew to a rat was a bit of propaganda promoted by the Nazis and serves as satire in this context. If you all are going to dish it out, then have a serving yourself.
Where do you think he went on his Honeymourn?
No THanks!
Lets just not let those who run LA and California in general run the rest of the country. Their policies suck.
Advertencia: a todos los niños migrantes y sus tutores que ingresan ilegalmente a los Estados Unidos. Si entras, podrías morir. Por su propia seguridad, manténgase alejado! Warning: to all migrant children and their guardians entering the US illegally. If you enter, you could die. For your own safety, stay away!
Well, what kind of system is it, when the government provides housing for all as well as job?
If you don't know, that's ok. I won't insult you.
1000 ways to die Number 462 Down the Drain
The glitch could last decades of your perceived time, even a millennia.
Maybe you would age, maybe you wouldn't. Maybe you would encounter another woke being, between the time sheets.
I'm sure someone has mentioned the Twilight Zone that explores this. There are two episodes I know of. A man can stop time with a stopwatch in one episode. In the other episode a man simply wants peace and quiet to read books. He gets his wish when time stops only for him.
Wouldn't he have only had to sacrifice half the pair?
You're making a ridiculous connection between a terrorist incident and this subreddit. It's very disingenuous. Reddit and most of the members have wanted The_Donald shut down, because they disagree with the politics. Their fragile egos cannot handle challenges to their leftist ideology. That really is what it's about.
Does she not kiss her boyfriend?
Umm, my cat sounds like a baby, when he wants food. It's annoying.
That's a difficult thing to confront, but once you let yourself accept it, you can't go back to believing things will ever be normal with them. You're right to be wary of them now.
We're the ones who are being casually censored, but you won't believe how many liberals are coming over to tell us they think it is wrong, and this opened their eyes. I wish I could count you among them but apparently that won't happen today. Perhaps soon.
Loud and obnoxious people
Imagine not thinking that military service which protects American standards and sovereignty is a worthy endeavor and opportunity.
I heard that! *Usually with a long emphasis on "heard"*
MOUSE: What about personal privacy? This is too intrusive.
Could be the fetzer valve.
username checks out
T
Deus Vult!
It sounds like she is into you. Are you attracted to her, because this is your chance, if you are. Obviously, if you are not interested in her, then you can walk away. In my experience, you can be surprised by what an average woman can offer.
Very interesting. Thanks for posting.
This guy grew up: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XASdaXejcMQ
Honestly, I really couldn't believe what I was seeing in the last debate. If it is no longer illegal to cross the border, and migrants won't be deported for it (a minor civil violation), isn't that essentially an open border? Also with support for free health care for migrants, won't that drastically increase undocumented immigration? I asked one Democrat, and they said it should be the way it was before Trump So, by reverting back to an older albeit unofficial policy of simply allowing people to cross the border and additionally letting them have free access to medical care, isn't that essentially an open border policy? This is why I asked; before the last debate, the reason always given to me by Democrats as to why they don't want a wall was because it was: ineffective, won't prevent the problem too expensive there were better ways to prevent undocumented residents But now it seems as if the Democrat candidates simply don't want to stop illegal immigration at all, and actually want to encourage it.
Those long gloves she's wearing would make any animal nervous.
Oh shit! lol
I like to comment in different subreddits, political and otherwise. So, do you believe the comic is funny/appropriate, or do you think it crosses a line?
Well, a little off topic. You're not suggestimg the little girl needed an abortion are you? But I agree with you that religious extremism goes too far in political practice. I'm no fan of abortion, but I don't believe anyone should be forced to procreate.
/r/Imsorryjon
I like your streaming example, and it is true in one aspect. Migrants don't feel like waiting for eleven years, so they are skipping the line and crossing illegally. However, who is our immigration services meant to serve; the needs of the citizens or the needs of the migrants? The USA does need and benefit from immigration in the form of labor and cultural diversity, but if we need more immigrants, we can simply allow more in through the legal system. That way they can be vetted and documented. Simply allowing them to cross without knowing anything about them is irresponsible and unfair to those waiting in line.
I doubt Jesus would support any political candidate Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's; and to God the things that are God's
War Horse (2011) comes to mind. That was hyped like crazy.
Backdoor Sluts 9
I wouldn't think people would have the foresight to make them in earlier years.
Not gonna lie, you had me in the first half.
Do you have a source to back that up? I realize some have died of illness, but that is a far cry from the systematic murder of innocents. People die in nursing homes too; it doesn't mean they are death camps. Unfortunately, conditions are not ideal, because migrants have overwhelmed our facilities, clamoring to get in. Some of them arrive in a poor state of health. They are not forced to enter them, it is their choice to begin this process.
It wasn't as dramatic a fall as I thought it would be, almost like letting it happen. Seemed a bit odd.
Caveat emptor
https://youtu.be/UZkrVSB4uAw
They said, all he ever did was talk endlessly about politics.
Not to mention they have over 3,000 coal powered plants and are building a 1,000 more. We have less than 50 and are not building any.
"From each according to their ability to each according to their needs" - Democrat Platform 2020 "so progressive"
Actually, this is probably the most intelligent comment I've ever seen at the top of an /r/politics post.
Only four, courtesy of /u/mrzogg: https://imgur.com/a/yDNNGTm
It's a great film. The performance by Joaquin Phoenix is memorable too.
So, who is talking about changing public education? America spends more money per student k-12 than any other country, and the results are abhorrent. You want equality? Look how unfair it is now, half the kids can barely read. You all will do anything to defend your shitpile of a left leaning, outhouse school system.
&gt; many of the problems we have in America were bred in private schools You have no idea what you're talking about. Go take your class warfare BS elsewhere.
But is being the brother of a helicopter pilot cool?
&gt; are you expecting private business ventures to voluntarily give up profits because it's the feelgood thing to do? Not necessarily, but I believe there are private business people and educators who greatly expect that if they had access to a portion of the tax money given to public districts now, they could simultaneously improve the quality of education afforded to students and make a profit.
That was beautiful.
Unfortunately, college kids have been deluded into thinking that they are saviors waiting to be released upon an ignorant society, one that they will change. In reality, they have very little practical knowledge to be able to be productive or affect anything without years of actual life/work experience.
A rabbit crying.
That doesn't seem right. Have you checked to see if some of the Catholic schools would work with your secular beliefs? Not a fan of Catholicism myself, so I understand your concerns, but I would hope you could find someplace to get your children a decent education.
Most of the time, I spent looking for beer. All the bowling alleys had been wrecked.
How I write Netflix: Dear Netflix, The PC bullshit in your programming is getting old. - knowses
Trisomy 23 and me
Well, now they owe us a favor right? Hey,...Iran!
I suppose that's a fair point.
https://i.imgflip.com/3l4xcf.jpg
Lets me know what others are thinking.
&gt; I wish I could see a time when I could be joyous at their activity You will just have to continue to find comfort within the pages of a thesaurus and creative writing classes.
Insider trading
Terrorism or liberation? You just go on and be angry for them then. Be the hate you wish to see in the world. And the world will leave you behind.
&gt; in a lot of those cases the truth is actually complicated Yes, fair enough. As far as I'm aware Iran hasn't denied that they were at least partially responsible for those attacks, have they? Although, I'd imagine the propaganda coming from a repressive regime to be much more pervasive than from western media. However, the whole Trump/Russia collusion narrative showed how western media can be corrupted by bias.
He didn't threaten women and children. She misinterpreted the statement. Anyone can see that.
If Iran has military installations near sites that are culturally important to them, they will be targeted. We wouldn't waste time or military hardware striking sites with non-military purpose. Unfortunately, they may be willing to hide military installations in areas where mosques and even hospitals are nearby.
No surprise she would rather start defending Iran than admit the President made an effective strike in stopping terrorist activity. Just a week after they tried to storm an embassy, and kill the men inside.
Soleimani had 1500 innocent Iranian protesters killed over the course of one week in his country. Shouldn't AOC be siding with the President on this?
This is what he said just before that: When asked about civilian casualties, the real-estate mogul replied, “I would do my best [to avoid them],” but “one of the reasons we’re so ineffective is that they’re using them as human shields.” In this instance It is clear that he is referring to terrorists attacking us whilst hiding in civilian areas.
I make a distinction between the word *class* and *classy*, just as I would between *nauseous* and *nauseated*.
So, you're glad they were killed? [According to Reuters, approximately 1,500 people were killed, including at least 17 teenagers and some 400 women, in less than two weeks during the unrest. Some members of Iran’s security forces and police were reportedly among the dead](https://www.timesofisrael.com/1500-people-said-killed-by-iranian-security-forces-in-protests/) The article says the protests began over a hike in fuel costs Last Friday, a group of independent UN rights experts said Iranian security forces were deliberately shooting to kill the unarmed protesters.
Skydiving. Got nauseated after the chute opened, both times I tried it.
Among others. I don't discriminate in finding the truth.
[Relevant link](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-7856463/Iranian-adviser-drops-chilling-hint-attacks-Trump-properties.html?ito=native_share_article-masthead)
US coffins Their memes are awkward and sad
Won't happen in this economy.
What was the alternative? Ignore the attacks, the bombings? Should we have tried to appease them with money, as Obama did, make a shitty deal? It was already blowing up in our face; President Trump chose to confront the reality.
I would be interested in preserving some of the ancient Persian ruins and art. However, the modern Islamic state sites, Deus Vult!
Point at him like Spiderman.
How could A paying BC paying D be cheaper than A paying D? It isn't. There are too many people in between the patient and doctor.
Well, I certainly don't want to be on the side that the government of Iran supports. They probably don't like Bernie, because he is Jewish (although, still more than Trump), but I'm sure they might like Biden, because he was vice president to their favorite administration.
You don't have to be, but you are. This is the same logic the left has been using to say Trump supporters are in league with Russia. It's bullshit, I know, but I thought I'd give you a taste.
President Trump "starting a war" is a joke when you look at this brief timeline: https://i.redd.it/0nxz4dzwo7941.jpg Iran has been killing Americans and attacked our embassy, yet you say President Trump started it. Very odd logic, a blame America first attitude.
Yippee Ki yay motherfuckers.
I love the idea of HSAs, because if you don't use it, you get to keep the money. The government can make them tax deductible (a good investment), people can negotiate the cost of their treatment, and it would give people a practical financial incentive to take care of themselves.
Where were you during the *Meme Wars*?
Well, you have to take into account the interest of the health insurance industry, huge business. People have to constantly be reminded that these are money management programs, not health care programs. Lasik eye surgery is a classic example. Because it came onto the ophthalmology scene quickly, it has never been covered by insurance. Originally the price was $5000, but as doctors became more familiar with it, they began to compete for business. The price dropped. Now Lasik can be done for $1000-$2000, and that is with inflation.
Looks a bit like an old Iron Maiden album cover.
There is not pure oxygen in a capsule. That would be toxic and cause an unnecessarily flammable environment.
It seemed to definitely make Iranians and Canadians less safe.
What, a swallow, carrying a coconut?
It is a bad decision to take out such insurmountable student loans. Unfortunately, high schools don't emphasize financing in their curriculum.
You don't believe the recent attacks on the US embassy and bases in Baghdad by Iran was starting a "fire"? I fail to see the logic there, unless you believe the Iranians are somehow justified in these attacks. Do you side with the Iranian point of view on this matter?
War Powers Resolution It provides that the president can send the U.S. Armed Forces into action abroad only by declaration of war by Congress, "statutory authorization," or in case of "a national emergency created by attack upon the United States, its territories or possessions, or its armed forces." Seems like legal justification. He may have been an Iranian official, but he was also a terrorist involved in recent attacks against us.
&gt; Therefore no legal justification Well, I haven't heard this from congress. That would be an impeachable offense right? Sec of State Pompeo made it clear that more attacks by Iran were inevitable, so the President made the call. However, if you're right, I'm sure congress will address it soon. They just passed a resolution trying to limit the President's actions, but it is non-binding.
Stolen? saw it on LiveLeak.
From the article: "NSW police statistics show 24 individuals have been arrested for deliberately lighting bushfires during the current fire season." That seems like quite a few. I understand also, the yearly controlled burning to prevent this from getting out of hand was suspended recently: https://www.bbc.com/news/world-australia-51020384
Dodgson is trying to become a better reddit memer. He can't explain to Nedry what downvotes feel like.
What a raw deal, thanks for commenting.
Then why not blame the Ukrainian pilot who decided to take off in such a hostile area where missiles are firing? You wrote that planes are not safe, and the first duty of the captain is the passengers' safety. So, why did the captain make such an unsafe decision? *I'm not really blaming the captain, just following the "logic" here*
&gt; which is why the governments didn't shut down air travel and didn't see this awful event coming You are contradicting yourself: &gt; If you start firing missiles then you should expect your opponents will also fire missiles. If missiles are firing then planes aren't safe It sounds like you believe the Iranian government should have known to shut down commercial flights, as it is their responsibility. Therefore, they are to blame.
You say those who impeached Trump are not liable, because they were justified in doing so. What about those who believe the attack on the Iranian general was justified and appropriate for organizing an attack on a US embassy? Same rule apply?
Well, that's why I posed this train of thought, to make people here question the "logic" they are using. It's the same with people who claim President Trump was trying to start a war with his drone attack on Soleimani. I wrote, "So you don't believe attacking a US embassy is starting a war?"
Never skip egg day
Don't forget about the personnel that actually fired the fatal missile. Obviously, they rushed the decision to fire or did not go through appropriate procedures to identify the aircraft. Maybe someone was anxious to make a name for themselves. Who knows?
New Jersey yelled out, "I'm losing my Virginia"!
I would have said Robin Williams or Phillip Seymore Hoffman, but now maybe Benedict Cumberbatch.
Cookies Performance Website Monster.com
Something as simple as clouds or different kinds of weather.
Wonderful mascot for the Second Amendment
I can help you out. Boil a chicken with bullion or get a rottiserie chicken from the store. De-bone it. Grab a cake pan and coat it with oil or pam. Put a thin layer of hot salsa on the bottom. I recommend Pace Picante Sauce. Then put a layer of corn tortillas (flour tortillas would probably work too). Then a thin layer of chicken, onions, cilantro, more salsa, then cheddar cheese on top. Repeat the layering process again. Then bake the whole layered dish in the oven at about 250-275 for an hour. Cut out large square servings. Add some sour cream and salsa, margaritas or sangria to drink.
I've never been to Iran, but I would love to see it (want to keep my head though). &gt; Why do you love him. Let me tell you friend. I love America. This country stands for something special. We have our faults, but we are generally interested in humanity, rights and freedom. We stand up to raw aggression, help lots of people (not everyone), keep our independence, etc. Trump supports that.
General Cutobi!
What do you find incompetent about him? He seems to achieve everything he tries for the country, the Democrats' efforts to stop him have failed and make them look foolish, he's going to get re-elected easily, the Republican party is united behind him, the nation is doing well, and our enemies are faltering. What incompetence?
So, you believe the massive spending increases proposed by the Democrat candidates will help the economy overall? It certainly won't help the deficit situation, although neither party seems to worry about the deficits or national debt anymore.
You're not too specific, but I can tell you don't like President Trump. &gt; then you aren’t someone I’d like to meet Sorry to hear that. I'm just a regular American with a family, trying to do well. I'm not that young and have followed politics all my life. With Trump, you know exactly what you're getting, and he's happy to tell you. He doesn't sugarcoat what he says, which I greatly appreciate. I don't get that feeling about ol' Bernie. I think he will tell you exactly what you want to hear, which is easy to do.
&gt; just by looking at real wages Real wages are affected by workforce demand, and we have had more than enough workers pouring in from poorer countries, legally and illegally, for half a century.
The wall is coming along, despite many attempts by the Democrats to obstruct it. The healthcare issue is faltering unfortunately. Republicans and Democrats are too closely tied to the health insurance industry (which is the number one problem with healthcare in America). There are too many middlemen between the patient and the doctor. The more middlemen, the more cost. The Democrats want to solve it by making the government the new middleman (although the political will is lacking due to the insurance lobby). The Republicans are also seduced by the insurance lobby, but don't want government managed care.
Would you be impressed if they gave you $100 to listen?
&gt; The Republican Party had a perfect chance to address healthcare and had zero plan to fix it Just simply by eliminating the health insurance mandate, my financial situation with my family was improved drastically. So, to me, the health care issue has already seen improvement. We have already had a wall against illegal immigration in place. It is called the law. President Trump has been enforcing it like no other, although President Obama actually was very proactive as well.
I'm telling you things are good for me. I'm living the American Dream, and I hope you can too. Maybe you believe things will improve for yourself and others, if a Democrat is elected. My suggestion to you is to vote for what you want. Thankfully we live in a place where the peoples' voice is heard.
Persistence definitely. Anyone can have ambitions, not everyone has the persistence to make them a reality.
I hope that's in dog dollars.
I've never seen so many electric jellyfish in all my life!
So, it's basically the same thing. As you know, some will not, and have never, paid anything into the system. The undocumented immigrants that the Dem candidates want to cover are a perfect example. Personally, I have insurance through my work, but my family doesn't. I pay cash for that, which is still cheaper than the insurance I was paying.
Either way, he needs help.
A teacher made fun of me once, when I was a freshman in high school, for not saying I would charge into certain death as military cavalry. We had just read "The Charge of the Light Brigade" in class, and I had questioned whether it was worth sacrificing your life, if you knew you would die. I was put on the spot by my teacher and asked if I would fight "a hopeless battle" as ordered. I said no, that it was stupid to simply die. He seemed to say that, all those brave lads would charge and I would be thinking of my mother (I think I did mention my Mom as a reason I couldn't just sacrifice my life).
Damn, that's real food. Hard to turn down any request.
/r/maybemaybemaybe
Luke is not being helpful in this situation. He needs to unlearn his training in the swamp.
&gt; he’s politically vulnerable What??? He is doing better than in any time in his presidency. The impeachment show was a joke and he gained support from that, then he just simultaneously took out a notorious terrorist while kick starting a political revolt in Iran. The stock market just hit another all-time high, and unemployment is at record lows, the USMCA was just signed by the president, as well as one that will help states end the backlog of rape kit testing, one that makes animal cruelty a federal crime, one that releases non-violent criminals with drug offenses early. Also he is filling our courts with Constitutional judges, which has been greatly needed. Politically vulnerable, no.
Bravely bold Sir Robin Rode forth from Camelot. He was not afraid to die, Oh brave Sir Robin. He was not at all afraid To be killed in nasty ways. Brave, brave, brave, brave Sir Robin.
If Bernie meant that, he should explain it that way. If Warren is making it sound worse than it is, she should admit it. Unfortunately, at this point in the primary process, they need to emphasize differences, and they will become adversarial.
I have a screensaver too, Bud.
Utah is a hidden gem
She was forced to pay into it right? I mean, if I was forced to help bake a cake (even if I thought that process was wrong and inefficient), I would still want a piece when it was done.
I assume you pay taxes. So, you must agree with everything your government does, right? Otherwise, you just wouldn't participate in the tax system.
Oh, Donald Trump is the problem, but Trump didn't make the Electoral College or bias against women in the electorate, if that's what he was referring to. What is Bernie saying then, that Americans will not elect a woman?
I think this is already happening in Brazil.
She has a target audience *Literally, she approaches people at target about this*
All that bucket has to do is give and get a bit of momentum. Once that happens, it will move towards the ledge and flip over it. It could then actually fall on him after that, like a Wile E. Coyote cartoon.
and conjugal visits.
Get the political re-education camps ready.
This has been the worst trade deal in the history of trade deals, maybe ever
I agree, it's annoying. These people are obsessed with color. Black, brown, orange,..
I'd feel like a multi-level marketer then.
You won't burn Milwaukee to the ground, if he doesn't get the nomination will you? Some in his campaign have suggested that.
Atlas Shrugged or a short story Anthem, both by Ayn Rand
The southern strategy wasn't about converting southern democrats to republicans so the party could become racist. It was about bringing more votes to the republican party. In doing so, the racist attitudes of the south would begin to change. In the 1950s and '60s more republicans than democrats voted for civil rights legislation, and after bringing southern democrats into the republican party, the racist attitudes of the south began to change.
I might try briefly to step in and see if she would respond, but it looks like she was determined to keep moving. I might say, "Excuse me miss, is everything alright? Do you need help with something?", but I doubt she would respond. Still, it's right to attempt I think.
Well, there are a lot more right-wing radicals in the states than Islamic radicals.
Well, if you've ever seen geese interact with each other, you may be sure they do. The pecking order is a known phenomenon.
Yet, you didn't answer the question. Orange is the new black.
If the information is accurate, then it's valid enough.
I don't want to *help* the Dems, but their behavior is abhorrent. They are excluding average Americans' needs. They want to give undocumented residents free *at POC* healthcare (they don't see the Americans suffering on the streets right now), they want to pay of all student debt (despite the fact these kids signed a contract to pay it back), they see that kids in inner cities are suffering from a miserable education (yet they only want to give the same system more money), they see a President working hard everyday to make things better (and all the Dems want to do is score an impeachment). Anyone want to defend an Iranian terrorist? (Americans, look at the Dems).
Don't forget, Imagine (all the people living for today, only)
Usually, people here are hated for telling the truth.
Well, left wing politics controls the public education system in America. It's a shame, and we spend more money per student per year than any other country. Approx. $11,000.00 per student per year K thru 12. Of course, it isn't only that. Our media and tech driven society emphasizes superficiality, quick results, instant gratification, moral degradation, etc.
https://youtu.be/voMW-P9bU8I
Different polls, same result. There is no way Sanders can beat Trump. He's a socialist. This is not a socialist country.
All I can tell you is Trump inspires his base and stands up for America. Somehow Democrats don't get that. They only seem to care about bringing Trump down and regaining power. Michael Moore said it best in this short video: https://youtu.be/FLfvXjKMwtI
He needs to be emergency airlifted to /r/The_Donald immediately.
I trust the Constitutional process in general. You seem to think only the Republicans are corrupt, while the Democrats are performing in good faith. Next you'll be telling me the Electoral College is unfair.
That the last administration abused the FISA process to spy on an opposing party's political campaign.
You're simply asking loaded questions, now. I do not agree with what you believe you have observed (it isn't up to you or me anyways), and the Senate will be looking into accusations of President Trump's alleged abuse of power and obstruction of Congress during the trial. I have faith in the process. If President Trump is innocent of these charges, I believe the Senate vote will reflect that.
Maybe research grant is a fairly loose term. Did anyone specify that his research had to be related to his field of study?
Iran shooting down a commercial airliner. RIP.
How about Microbikiniology?
Your foreskin should cover your glans when your penis is not erect, generally. If it doesn't, you may have a condition similar to phimosis, whereas the foreskin cannot be pulled back because of tightness. Maybe it is loose enough to get past the glans but still too tight.
https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/obama-drone-strikes/ President Trump's executive order does not overturn reporting requirements on civilian deaths set for the military by Congress. "This action eliminates superfluous reporting requirements, requirements that do not improve government transparency, but rather distract our intelligence professionals from their primary mission," And we don't know how much of the $150,000,000,000.00 released to Iran by Obama was used to kill thousands of innocent people.
I guess we'll see if I am right in November. The Democrat party will have torn itself apart by then.
When Soleimani was blown up, it had a nice ring to it.
Exactly, it's a ridiculous narrative. The Second Amendment applies to all Americans.
President Trump handled that situation perfectly. He ended the conflicts, removed a known terrorist, and didn't start a war with Iran. There really is no better outcome to addressing what was happening in Baghdad. Of course, the commercial airliner was a tragedy, but only Iran was to blame for that, and they revealed their corruption to the Iranian people by lying about it for three days.
Articles 1,2, and 3 establish the branches of government and their duties which include checks and balances in power.
It does make a profit that's true. In the words of the company executive, "You are the lawmaker, I only abide by them. If my company is operating in an unlawful fashion, it is you, the lawmaker that needs to change the rules of conduct. Until then, blame only yourself."
So, tell me how Perfidy (ruses which are acts intended to mislead an adversary) is applicable in this context. Did President Trump tell Soleimani we were going to put on a fireworks show for him?
Most of reddit will hate it, but trust me. It gets me every time: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLfvXjKMwtI
Well, nothing beats The Fly (1986), but there was a sequel and it was a remake.
Truly, I envy you. The Thing (2011)
*Breakfast is the most important meal of the day* created by Kellogg to sell cereal
&gt; if it was Iran bombing Pompeo I'm sure they would if they could, and they probably do view him as a terrorist. So now what? I'm still not upset it happened. They can pound sand for all I care.
Which law, American, International, Sharia?
Everyone knows Hunter Biden used his relationship with his father to land the job with Burisma, probably to launder money from unethical government contracts. If President Trump did the wrong thing for the right reasons, the American voters and the Senate will forgive him, but even that isn't proven.
That is speculation. It hasn't been proven. No investigation was ever done, and the money was still released to Ukraine.
Well, I can't wait to see how the trial plays out.
If the Senate exonerates the President of these charges, we can all be assured that nothing inappropriate happened. The Constitutional process works.
Sure it's awesome, but how did the little girl get breast implants?
He was one of the subjects of the phone call and the primary motivation of the impeachment. He was either targeted simply because he was the son of the Vice-President for partisan political reasons, or he was truly engaging in corrupt behavior that may have involved laundering US funds allocated to Ukraine at the direction and supervision of his father.
You need cooperation from a foreign country to conduct an investigation in their jurisdiction, Hopefully, if the relationship is strong they will provide access and information. President Trump asked Zelensky to look into to find out if illegal or unethical activity occurred and asked him to contact our DOJ. It certainly wasn't an abuse of power.
Everyone was Winning!
She accidentally spoke the truth at 0:16 "A trial against the country"
I am white, but the officer that walked me through the sobriety test was black. I was respectful though and very cognizant of the fact that my every move was on camera.
I'm with you on Return of the Living Dead, such a classic '80s movie too. There are a couple modern takes on zombie movies that I enjoyed such as *Warm Bodies* and *Contracted*.
I debated putting a spoiler tag.
I figure most people in this subreddit already knew, so.
Fending off a wolf attack is one thing, actually killing one would be difficult, especially without getting injured. The wolf arm idea is interesting. Dismissing strangulation, if you break a couple of a wolf's limbs, it would probably die from starvation.
Of course, he's telling them their student debt will be paid for. This isn't rocket science.
Well, their funding has been tight.
Stronks take a massive dive.
Wait until they hear the new motto is "To Infinity and Beyond".
With the Facebook memes, a few $100,000.00 worth? A good investment right? Michael Bloomberg has spent almost $200,000,000.00 on ads.
Absolutely, maybe the best option. Go down to the pub, order a few pints, and wait til the whole thing blows over.
A sexual predator, bullies, authority figures abusing their power. Kids have to put up with a lot of bullshit.
Sounds like he's trying to get ahead of a Burisma-WikiLeaks type information dump.
50 shades
Sounds like you're interested in minor tragedies.
And you're sure that this memo was classified as *Top Secret* to hide inappropriate behavior, not because it contained sensitive information regarding diplomatic relations? Has anyone who has seen the memo testified that it is evidence of a cover up?
All cultures do not deserve respect. Some are rife with abhorrent behavior.
Planet Chicken, Peru
Yes, I see you're not into victim hood mentality. "*Based. If homeless people don't want to get jobs then I don't feel bad if they starve to death*" - you
Hey, you know that new SOUND you're lookin' for? Well, listen to this...
Factitious disorder?
&gt; I think it's the ultimate hypocrisy with the trump family openly committing corruption, including badmouthing candidates instead of following due process. You're contradicting yourself. Doesn't President Trump deserve due process as well, before you smear and badmouth him, and say he is corrupt before an election? All I'm saying about the Biden's is that their involvement in Ukraine and with Burisma should be looked into.
*allegedly*, these things have to be proven
Well, you don't have to like him to think he was the better choice than the alternative, or that the country is doing well under his leadership. Of course, we can disagree on whether the policies for the country have helped or not. Personally, I believe things are very positive right now. That could change, of course.
Kingsley. He was a South African guy.
So, what if President Trump is legitimately re-elected, are you advocating for a political revolution in that case, violent if necessary?
https://i.redd.it/95r9j7e45cd41.jpg
&gt; there is no freedom here, my dude. there is no prosperity, freedom, or dreams, unless you're part of the elite This may be an effective statement to post at our borders to prevent illegal immigration. But even the migrants would know that they are coming from a place with categorically poorer conditions, real dictators, and only a dream to escape to the US.
Well, I support him and I don't see any major catastrophe. However, there are problems such as rampant drug overdoses, homelessness, and poor public education. These are state issues though, and local governments often want to ignore these problems.
Will you answer this question with "No"?
Was this due to the USMCA?
There may be some other factors. For instance, President Trump's support among black Americans has increased substantially since 2016. Also the USMCA was just signed. The deal is expected to provide more stability for the auto industry, which relies on the ability to plan for years in advance. The industry is significant there.
Finding a place to put them.
One of those giant Teddy Bears.
This is like the best deal in the history of trade deals!
WhiteHouse.gov
Hopefully, you have explained to him that, in general society, watching porn around others or in public is not considered acceptable. I can just imagine if he was watching it in school, or in the library, or at Starbucks.
You've heard of foreign lobbyists? Foreign governments are allowed to lobby our politicians. Now, are all lobbying practices ethical? Definitely no, but it sounds like you believe the Saudis were engaged in unethical lobbying practices.
&gt; It takes two to break the Emoluments clause Yes, but it would have to be proven that President Trump made the deal with the Saudis solely because they rented a floor in his resort. If he simply made the deal because he thought it benefited the country, that accusation wouldn't stick.
You are very informed. So, did the Saudis pay President Trump directly for renting the rooms in his resort? How did they pay him, cash, personal check? How much per room was he paid? Did the rooms have x-rated movies?
Well, if the depression is situational, for instance, "I am feeling lonely lately and that depresses me", then I don't see a problem. Clinical depression is more of an issue.
From my viewpoint, it looks top notch.
"The growth of the Internet will slow drastically, as the flaw in 'Metcalfe's law'–which states that the number of potential connections in a network is proportional to the square of the number of participants–becomes apparent: most people have nothing to say to each other! By 2005 or so, it will become clear that the Internet's impact on the economy has been no greater than the fax machine's." Paul Krugman Nobel Prize winner in Economics
Why can't this boomer control people's minds?
Honestly, he loses either way. But, it is his style to say something, even if it will be criticized and ridiculed by the left.
The cops were all standing there; why didn't they do their job? Why do civilians have to hand feed them? I think the cops should be ashamed. What the fuck are they standing there with their thumbs up their asses for? We pay taxes for this bullshit, I'd rather pay those who grabbed him.
I'll check back with you in one month, to see how your prediction plays out. Edit: why would anyone downvote this? I checked back two months after some redditor called me a moron for challenging his assumption, based on the "experts", that one million, three hundred thousand Americans would die from Corona Virus. He never responded back though.
Yeah, me too.
You could say the same about modern day history books.
I'm not saying I wouldn't show my ID or you wouldn't show yours. I'm saying, I doubt this man would voluntarily show his ID to the police, if they asked.
Finally, well we can move forward now.
It's amazing how the media can focus the public's attention from one topic to another without hardly a glitch.
The Senate voted not to convict him. The process worked exactly as it was supposed to. Those are the rules laid out in the Constitution.
Joe Satriani Alwyas with me always with you https://youtu.be/VI57QHL6ge0
You stated, fascism has come home to roost. These riots have mostly occurred in left leaning cities. The stock market hasn't been affected, the suburbs haven't either, neither have the golf clubs or marinas. What has been affected is the poorer people who live in inner cities and depend on those businesses for work and shopping. So, is this the true home of fascism? You're just writing without thinking.
Were you looting Target, or were you wearing a target?
You see, it does happen. Checkmate deniers.
Accomplishing a satisfying project. I like feeling engaged and focused, and it is nice to see a job well done.
The race is over
&gt; You don't know who or what anyone stands for. Well, this is true enough, absolutely.
&gt; The left stands for actual, practical policies that will help working people I completely disagree with this. Democrats always advocate for policies that treat the symptoms of a problem instead of addressing the real issue. For instance, poverty. The Democrat solution is to simply give money to individuals. Instead, they should address why an individual cannot accumulate wealth.
*touche*
Even in google play, unavailable.
/r/cringe
I hate to say it, but the opportunities presented in the stock market due to the Corona Virus have been amazing. I was luck enough to start buying pretty close to the low and have been well rewarded for the risk.
So, because he didn't do it anonymously, you believe the Floyd family should reject the money?
Numbers are important to me, and I think they could have been much higher if President Trump and others had not taken steps to halt travel and implement social distancing protocols. So, do you believe the protesters should stay home, because I haven't seen a lot of social distancing? If they really cared so much about protecting lives, wouldn't they take a little more care?
&gt; Do you really think people can't see this bullshit for what it is? I think so. Some of the protesters are using this as an excuse to loot. They don't give a shit about George Floyd or anyone else.
Well, I would probably tell him my idea, which I call the "Life Valley Project".
Work, and how safety culture bring production to a crawl at times. At a construction site today, we got shut down for lightning alerts. Everyone has the apps on their phones now.
An "outside consultant"
What was she allegedly supposed to be doing, putting up plywood or tearing it down?
Well, it seems like an appropriate discussion based on the topic, since he used this exact phrase to describe a black man.
The overall health of older US citizens is not good.
Trump gave the classic Hansel response, "Well, you can Catholic my balls".
We need to fire the bad ones.
Reportedly, there were only smoke bombs, no tear gas.
My wife who is from South America has said many black peple have made rude comments to her about being an immigrant. Also we have a black neighbor who has schizophrenia and used to leave racist notes for us to read.
It seems like black people deal with extremes: Run a traffic light, get killed by police. Pick up some garbage on the street, get a new car and college tuition. The choice is clear.
am I lyin'?
Crematoria, better start running.
Isn't there a law of physics that states a softer object cannot scratch the surface of a harder one? Are these tourists wearing hard soled shoes or what, maybe bits of crushed diamonds stuck to the bottoms of their feet?
Perhaps, they don't consider these men to be "real black people" as Joe Biden might say.
Poor math skills lead to a poor salary.
The Southern Strategy was about votes, not racism. Republicans brought the South into the GOP and changed many of their racist viewpoints.
Hey dude, remember me?
That two-faced son of a bitch!
Live wire......zap
Or a girdle?
I thought it was Labradorite
That would cost 1.9 trillion to cover three months.
TLM
Donald Trump wins election Democrats lose shit Country starts doing really well Virus hits, media driven panic ensues People suffer, Democrats blame Trump Cop kills co-worker he disliked Protests ensue over racial tensions Rioting and looting occurs in Democrat cities The citizens are destroying their own communities Democrats blame Trump for hurting themselves Trump gets re-elected
These people just want to destroy something; they don't give a shit about *"white history"*.
You mean the debt
Well, just like the police, their job is to teach you a lesson.
Because you have stereotyped a "certain look"
Well, I don't necessarily think stereotyping is right or wrong; there are definitely correlations between the way people look and how they act. However, we can never seem to have a real conversation about this. People are very defensive about the characterization.
/r/beamillionaire
Thanks. I have no issue with people challenging points I'm trying to make. I'd be happy to debate anything, but when they resort to trying to belittle you with cheap insults, it's pretty much over. The name calling never stops at that point, even if you wanted to hear their point of view.
Jodi Benson The Little Mermaid
There was lots of evidence connecting him to the crime. Blood in his car, and on the steering wheel. Of course, his defense team suggested it was all planted. During the trial, they identified bloody shoe prints at the crime scene as "Bruno Magli shoes". OJ claimed he would never wear "those ugly ass shoes". Later, after the criminal trial was concluded, pictures of him wearing that brand of shoe were found. That is pretty damn convincing to me.
Curious George never had a tail
Well, obviously it's the illustrator making the point. Villains will often mix facts and fiction to justify their behavior. I've heard some of these same points coming from the Antifa movement.
James and the Giant Peach
Or is the law in Berkeley bad, if they claim he did everything correctly? This cop simply enforced the law, which is his job.
Well, hopefully he'll get his money back, after paying the fine or whatever.
I'm not sure he needs a warrant on public property, but I take your point. I've seen much worse abuses of power and unreasonable behavior. Check this out, if you haven't seen it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODmT-KDfkC0&amp;feature=youtu.be
I suffer from hypercapnia, and wearing a mask amplifies this condition.
If Trump wins, Spike Lee will "Do the Right Thing" and smash windows with garbage cans. Oh no!
George Floyd and Chauvin worked at the same nightclub together.
You forgot January 31, Trump administration declares Corona Virus a National Health Emergency The southern strategy was designed to gain votes in the south, however in doing so racism gradually decreased there. More Republicans than Democrats voted for civil rights legislation in the '60s
You will never be able to reach complete unending happiness, no matter how successful you are in life. You will only be able to reach moments of happiness, which will no doubt be followed by moments of boredom, sadness, or frustration.
The most likely conspiracy theory is that she wanted to break in to acting in movies. So, she has to support all left wing ideology. This was revealed by Kid Rock, who knows her allegedly.
Well, if the numbers don't support the narrative, about racism in police departments, isn't it possible that the narrative is wrong and being used to manipulate the masses for a political motive? You may not believe these numbers either, but wouldn't it be wise to examine them? Now, my post is being removed for being [Off-Topic: All submissions to /r/politics need to be explicitly about current US politics.] Does that seem right to you? Is this post not related to current US political events?
&gt; And why are they having more interactions with the police? Perhaps, they are committing more crimes per capita. As far as gun ownership, that statistic certainly wouldn't account for illegal ownership.
It's damn good alright, plus it is inspired by black cooking. Wendy is obviously a white girl.
Not necessarily. I like Popeyes better than Wendy's, so do most black people, I think.
It seems marketed as such: https://youtu.be/GVrZZXb6ZWc
Is it this from the Munsters theme song: https://youtu.be/oFCnvH2E-6A
You shouldn't assume that. I don't think he deserved to die for running from the cops with a taser and then discharging it at them. Although, doing that definitely contributed to a deadly situation. All he had to do was keep his mouth shut and talk to a lawyer. Getting arrested doesn't mean you are guilty. If this happened to me, I would relax and not talk.
Quarantine? Oh great.
I think someone pushed her up from underneath.
Oceania is at war with Eurasia. They have always been at war with Eurasia
&gt; Fuck white supremacists Fuck all racial supremacists
Are you trying to say white supremacists matter?
Well, they can always wear Pink Floyd paraphernalia, I guess, or My Little Pony.
Republican, the party that freed the slaves, Republican, the party that fought for civil rights in the '60s Republican, the party that defeated the USSR Republican, the party that is proud of the USA and wants law, order, and justice for everyone
Do you have some examples of books, articles, or publications banned by the current administration?
I would rather deal with reality. Pompeo is not a terrorist; Soleimani was. Germany would not call Pompeo a terrorist, or attack us, an ally. Iran might, but as the incident with the commercial airliner proved, they will lie to their own people and the world. So if you want to put lies and the truth on equal terms, I can't help you.
Added to list of events I wouldn't want to attend. Next on the list, event about becoming a Vegetarian. Meat eaters restricted from asking questions.
Frankly, John Bolton is a warmonger. President Trump is not.
I usually suggest people get a removable print of what they want first and wear it for a month.
/r/badtattoos
Except all lives don't matter (black, white, or any other color), and I can prove it.
George W. Bush and Colin Powell, the ones who sold that war, both oppose President Trump's re-election. Use that information, if you can. Just because some presidents have acted contrary to the meaning of the nation and the flag, that is no reason to show disrespect to the vision. I pledge allegiance to the Flag and the Republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Is this a controversial statement?
He can't control who likes him, but who does he support, what are his policies?
Black teen hits old lady! I'm sure I've heard this before.
*Thank-you Lover*
I bet you masturbate up there.
You've done it now. You have to set up a date, ideally with three components. The first component is fun with games or entertainment (bowling, dancing, or minature golf). The second component is lunch or dinner. Pick a nice place that you feel comfortable at. The third component is optional, but usually involves a romantic location. This is a rough draft
to fill that hole
Well, I'm sure the subject was just on his mind. It is difficult to discuss racial differences without being accused of propagating racism.
https://static.timesofisrael.com/www/uploads/2019/08/Sarah-Silverman-1-e1565637474575-640x400.png
Not everyone in a high economic class grows up with proper culture, and not everyone in a low economic class lacks it. Although, a higher economic class has an advantage, and there is a high correlation between economic class and race.
Okay, I guess you want Republicans to steal this election. They're proof it happens.
That's Courtney Love
If it doesn't fit "The Narrative", it won't be promoted by the MSM.
Well, you have obviously not done your research /r/GunNutYeeHaw in order to judge this situation. I would like a 20 page biography of Andrew Jackson on my desk by Monday morning. Type written, single spaced.
Yep, that's pretty bad. Is it illegal to destroy public property, like a statue for instance?
&gt; Venality and self-interest This is exactly the correct phrase to describe these protesters. They would just as easily attack a Starbuck's as a statue of Lincoln. They are not offended or indignant of these historical figures. They only feel anxious and unhappy and see these monuments as representations of a system they blame. However, like the Grinch who stole Christmas, they will see that removing historical monuments won't defeat the American spirit. Perhaps, if they smoke more drugs they will feel better.
&gt; moving it to a museum and putting his place in proper historical context What a joke. These people have no interest in preserving American history in a museum or anywhere else. If they did, they would be carefully transferring the statue. They only want to destroy and discourage patriots. And if you think for a second, why are those in power letting it happen? Doesn't that worry you a bit? American history is all about empowering the rights of the individual. When the political class takes power from individuals, it's almost impossible to get it back. And the USA has given individuals rights for centuries. Not everyone was happy about that.
&gt; unless you're going to somehow try to spin slave trading as a good thing Well, you would think the African American community would prefer that it had happened, if given the choice. Should the beneficiaries of his philanthropic acts give the money to the descendants of slaves?
That's Steven Seagull
Is this AC or DC?
Where's his glasses?!! He can't see without his glasses!
Protestors and rioters have literally burnt down buildings, attacked the opposition, torn down monuments, and shot off fireworks in cities. But Trump's Independence Day celebration is dangerous?
If you had fourth demensional vision, you could see the rainbow.
nerd
There would be no flesh or bone blocking it. May be too much light.
These programs always report their hopes and dreams.
Any conservative gathering or event will be deemed a danger to public health. Any left-wing gathering or event will be deemed an expression of freedom. It's that simple.
&gt; They're like children throwing tantrums that they don't want to pick up their toys That's actually how I feel about the rioters taking over city blocks and toppling statues.
The left wing agenda is nothing short of a Marxist revolution, which has led to more deaths than any conservative actions. The anti-American activism we are witnessing is an attempt to stifle individual rights and create a totalitarian political ruling class. Since its founding, the USA has been a beacon to those escaping oppression.
The left wing is like the *Grinch who Stole Christmas*. You believe that if you tear down statues, desecrate the flag, and try to ruin the US economy and US history, it will ruin the American Spirit. That is like the Grinch stealing presents from the Whos down in Whoville to ruin their Christmas. And as far as sucking cock, I don't want to take your position.
Anyone who approved of censorship of /r/The_Donald contributes to the erosion of free speech and ultimately, democracy.
Doesn't this promote stereotypes of Italian Americans, and discourage low carb dieting?
An interested group of individuals probably petitioned the local group of elected community representatives to put them up. And the same process should be used to remove them. The same goes for our laws. They should be respected, until the law is changed by elected representatives or are found to be unconstitutional.
&gt; Who are these far left radicals and what are they doing? Refusing to honor subpoenas, and undermining all non-executive branches of oversight? These questions. Far left radicals are genuinely low level minions being manipulated by media and political organizations with a vested interest in hurting American institutions and influence. As far as subpoenas are concerned, I believe they shouldn't be ignored (however, I doubt if they were all honored, anything substantial would come from them). I don't believe the President is significantly undermining the other branches of government.
&gt; when the law was only created to further one demographic. Okay, tell me which law on the books discriminates against anyone's race, gender, or religion, etc.
At the beach, in my wife's duffel bag.
That article literally says OPINION
I appreciate your intellectual honesty.
You still believe the Russia crap? It never ends. Russia was just a cover story to explain away Hillary's embarrassing defeat in the 2016 election. There was never any evidence that President Trump or any of his staffers conspired with Russia to steal or manipulate the election. Bob Mueller himself agreed with this. The Russia hit job story is just coming to light, and I doubt all of the details are out. I've learned not to trust the initial break of stories like this. And what could Russia possibly be holding on Trump. He is President and has protection and security for life, untouchable. I am a Trump supporter and proud to be. He has completely fucked up the leftist/globalist hold on the US government and is restoring it through the courts and international policy. Hopefully, he can hold on to the office through the next election. Democrats would rather elect an elderly figurehead without higher mental function than face the music when it comes to Trump. \
Animal Farm
I've heard a few things about 5G wifi towers, but I have no idea what the connection is supposed to be.
Clean energy, white power.
Were the protests led by Black Americans more likely to be violent or destructive? The study is meaningless in identifying racist behavior if this isn't taken into account. Cops also respond more aggressively to male suspects than female. Does that mean the police are sexist?
Yeah, I'm sure they have enjoyed all the sanctions: https://www.brookings.edu/blog/order-from-chaos/2018/09/25/on-the-record-the-u-s-administrations-actions-on-russia/
My mistake, CHOP Seattle.
I disagree with you about Biden; you are sharper than him IMO. He may have honed his manipulative political skills over the decades, and that has served him well, but I don't confuse that with sheer intelligence. President Trump is a blunt tool, and that is what the country has needed for some time. Like a crude machete he sliced through redundant and oversold agreements. He dumped the Paris accord, threw the Iran agreement in the garbage, and torched ridiculous regulations, and stood up to trade abuses by China. He also passed prison reform legislation, started enforcing border regulations, and started appointing Constitutionalist judges. You make some good points on hiring and the educational aspects and are better versed than I on the subject. So, I won't argue that topic with you, but on the surface it seemed like a good idea. I'll admit that is often misleading.
Well, you seem to be a pretty good authority on this, and I am most definitely not. Ask me about whiskey and bourbon, or certain wines, no problem. Bier or beer has never really been my drink.
It's pretty easy not to sign something. "fighting tooth and nail" ?
Well, he also thought every Jedi given a seat on the council would be granted the rank of Master. So, just more evidence that Anakin's understanding was limited.
The point I'm trying to make is that, the commentors did make those associations. And then, they assume Trump must have made them, *because he is racist*. Another I see a lot is, Trump is building a wall to keep out the "brown people". Only, Trump does not refer to them in that way. Redditors do.
What the heck is a twitch?
He shouldn't say anything.
They're not socialists! edit: I am referring to Mississippians; that flag wouldn't make sense.
