You’re*
He said “sit!”
It’s bullshit because he had no friends to begin with.
Because “‘tis”
Looks more like a retirement home or some kind. Often rich people leave their expansive properties to charity for this reason.
I was in rehab years ago and a guy in there was a nurse. And he got hooked because he would try the little bits of left over drugs that he give to patients. And eventually went to the sharps containers for the left overs there. Apparently there’s quite a bit left in the syringes.
Glad to see you’ve done no research and are completely wrong about that.
You’d fit right in, in Canada.
I’m 41 and am usually on top of what’s going on. I’m hip! I’m cool! Word to ya motha!! But I don’t know what this post is about. Help me?
I’ll take that advice. I’m guessing the twitter post here pretty much sums up what happened anyway.
If anyone ever try’s to argue with you about evolution, show them this photo.
The 1990’s was 16-bit my friend!
What?
What’s in the fake meat loaf?
Holy fuck! I read he made $12 million last year! That’s insane.
Thanks for the tips. I may get them. I’ve only played a little of Portal part one before. I feel like those games get boring quite easily. Is that true?
So these wouldn’t last very long at all? And probably not more than a minute in a digital camera or something similar.
Any word on a part 3?
Fun fact. Frank Oceans real name is Francis Seaman.
The company tells them they can get one. That’s the point.
You’re right. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it like that but that’s the only way to take it. Again my apologies
He’s going to be a really ugly adult.
What’s the other?
You need to clean your stove and oven area.
Probably not. I bet they give out 1 every few years just so they aren’t technically lying
Lol he knew what he was saying.
An emoticon or emoji? What’s the difference??
Typical sales bullshit. I hate companies like that. They give anyone and everyone an interview. You show up and there 30 people all getting “interviewed” at the same time. So shitty.
Yes. But as mentioned a hundred times already, they are told they will get a scholarship if they sell enough knives.
This is too many options
I fucking hate cockroaches
I was told that adding salt to your water for pasta boiling is to raise the boiling point (temperature) so it....cooks better or something. True? Who knows.
That’s a great tip. About adding a bit of the water. Thanks!
I thought I would have seen it at a pottery show maybe. Near Hamilton. Is she near there?
It’s just some kid.
That was horrible
Is that a anti-skateboarding subreddit?
He looks like such a douche.
Fuck sakes. Came from r/all and was looking for people fucking. Thanks a lot.
It’s a little weirder that Ted Danson is coaching teens on “intimacy”
This is hilarious.
Post this over in r/actionfigures. They might not care but whatever.
What exactly is the joke here? This seems awfully awful.
This looks great. Alex Garland is fantastic
You just open your zipper? Classsssy!
That was too fucking perfect. Luke has still got it!!
The first weeks? He still talks about it.
Easy there, Shakespeare. You don’t know what the future holds.
So what’s the conclusion here? Is being gay come from how your raised in some situations?
Your kids not even born yet and you can’t wait to get them on some shitty commercialized cartoon? I assume you’ll be using the tv as a babysitter too. Fucks wrong with you, man.
Thanks man. Glad you like it. Getting downvotes From people who like the album posted isn’t an insult at all
So that makes ok to announce to everyone they come across that they’re vegan? Like the entire world cares.
It’s “cancelled”. But who cares anyway about either of these two
My animal jizzs on my leg
Or soap and water. Are people really that retarded on this subreddit?
r/fellowkids
I don’t know. But this photo sucks and the title makes no sense.
It’s clear that every news network has their own biases. But I watched fox news for the first time the other day. And man, it’s so fucking transparent and awful. It might as well be called “Trump News”. I’m not sure it’s even technically a “news” channel.
I need this in my life.
You can also cut one of your fingers off for the same affect
No it didn’t come installed
Why preorder any game? It’s not like they’re going to run out of them. Doing that has to be one of the dumbest things someone can do with their disposable income when it comes to video games.
Holy fuck. How stupid and lacking in self awareness would you have to be to not only order one but actually fucking wear these bot produced shirts
I’ve never played this game but that shirt and your daughter are adorable
Where’s the 4 TVs that he never watches
I don’t think I would like this person
This is so lame
Is this a photoshop?
Fuck. I’m sad now that so many of these I’ve done before. The very last one....😢
How do I find such places? If I wanted to
Damn you’re lucky. I’d love to say hi to him. He seems so cool and nice
That’s a Newfie! A proud Canadian dog, fed a strict diet of Tim bits and poutine
I had a golden retriever that would do this. If you jumped in the pool and did that floating face down thing you would do as a kid to pretend you’re drowning, the dog would jump in and drag us to the edge.
I like Arnold. This offends me.
You need to expand your imagination
I just don’t like ‘em. They smell bad
Alcoholic wife material
There’s one upvote which is yours.
I’d say after.
Wtf was that? So stupid
Say what?
What does that even mean?
Trying to kill them? I don’t get that part.
I thought she was great
Well being tall isn’t an automatic magnet for women. I’m 6’1 and good looking and it’s not like women run across the street to talk to me.
My dad is 65 and this would upset him. How did yours handle it ?
He’s ok. The movies just suck
Sounds like a trump tweet to the “losers and haters”
Fuk off ya daft cunt
Well it does look weak as fuck.
Someone else posted this exact car
Canadian tire me thinks.
“Blasting rope”. Oh my.
I thought Peavey only made amps
That’s cool
Are there really people who’s whole existence is worrying about shit like this?
Did this happen because he was black? Edit. Thanks for the help. I meant this specific incident in the photo.
“Who needs tits with an ass like that?!”
What a depressing, dare I say, shithole.
Sure as fuck looks like it. But no one “considers” it mythological. OP you’re a jackass.
Where did that come from lol?
You mean 3. And single moms.
You can use the bed. But I’ll be fucking perverts on it all week. Enjoy!
Is there a source for that, OP?
Couldn’t agree more.
Ohhhh yeah, baby! Thanks! That was hot.
I looked him up myself. Holy fuck. What an obnoxious loser. It hurts down inside to watch these asshole knowing they make so much money.
Yeah this seems bad. I mean the art is nice. But looks like it’s a romance movie.
Fellow Hamilton resident here. That’s all.
Huge? Are you saying “sad” and “sic”?
That’s the fanciest freaking donut I’ve ever seen!
He’s such a weirdo.
Exactly. For instance the cuffs on a crazy, weird shirt’s sleeve will be what’s on the shirts in some stores in the following months etc. Nothing like the entire outfit. People mock fashion shows, and some stuff it really out there. But it takes real talent and work to make it all. I think anyway.
He’s adorable.
A scary one
How hot exactly is it, matey? That’s my attempt at talking Australian. Put another shrimp on the barbie governor!!
I will. Thanks :)
What. The. Fuck. This is so obviously inaccurate and very racist. Who would fucking post this?
Irish wolf hound.
It’s just fantastic
Bakka am I right?
Why do you like her?
They’re looking at you like “can we bump up this intervention to this week instead?”
She’s looks really good.
Not really analgw material
Why was he banned? Didn’t everyone think it was a joke anyway? I don’t understand the whole bamboozle thing. Is it taken seriously?
Ha!
No kidding.
Oneitis?
Uber?
Stolen from a Bus shelter
Adds coffee power to milk? I guess he means shitty instant coffee.
Are you being serious? That’s really cringy man
These don’t sting
Here we go again
That must have hurt so badly :( I hit my head on duct work in the basement every. Fucking. Time. I do laundry. But you must have really smashed it.
Really? She sounds like a cunt to me.
I’m really loving the back lit look. I’ve got an awesome custom PC and I think I’d like to do this also (not sure what goes with red as most of my components are led red). OP (or anyone) tell me what LED strips you’ve used for this? :)
Oh yeah very much so. She guides the clients towards what would look good and work based on their initial ideas.
How often? Who is the one to initiate it?
Again. Lucky prick
I wish my wife would ask me to fuck her up the ass.
Not sure it’s just a cabin.
r/badfaketexts
You make me uncomfortable
Fucking assholes
Sick bastard
That photo is gay
Is there an app that does this
Fuck this lunatic. Def not boner material
It’s not against human nature. It’s a cultural thing. .
Haha what a retard
She’s so cute :)
This is from Neill Blomkamp’s now cancelled (I think) Alien 5 sequel. Some early post-production stuff
I doubt she’s got the cash
What a fag
You’re not
Gotcha. Thanks, man.
Sorry. Wrong. My pastor says this is from Jurassic Park.
How’s the plant kept alive if it’s unoccupied? Someone comes to water the one plant.
Maybe
Who’s Jake?
Ya that wasn’t great either. But TLJ had so many bad, cringy scenes. “That was a cheap shot”. Uggghh.
Those boots are the shit. Wonder if they’re comfortable
$100 bills y’all! The poster of George Washington came alive started to make it RAIINNNN!!
Brave
Yesterday. “I hate IKEA furniture. It’s so cheap and annoying.” Today “He was a mastermind. IKEA furniture changed my life”
Nope.
That’s for glass blowing. My wife is an artist.
You’ve been posting this skank for years now. You sure she’s your sister and you’re not just full of shit?
She’s Canadian for sure.
He’s been posting this for YEARS. He’s full of shit.
Right. Because it makes a difference at this point.
And smell the vanilla body spray.
Get figure. I really want to get the first Star Wars movie line.
Garbage room doors. Funny nickname for her vagina lips.
Transvaal is the name of the evil corporation in “Chappie”
Oh that “Rose” character. Annoying and not needed.
THIS is really “good”?
r/fffuu or whatever it’s called
I’m getting downvoted because I came here and asked question that everyone here knows the answer to, making me such a fool to them. Like seriously, you’re come with questions and just get voted down? Quite the circle jerk
Trump is simply THE worst reading off the TelePrompTer and giving speeches in general.
“Shoot her! Shooooot her!”
This is pathetic.
You built the table/case?
You really crammed the “2018” in there, eh? I would have redone the sign for this.
I say “what is it?” Or “what do you want?” And he looks at it and locks his stare on what it is. Very helpful.
This isn’t you. It’s old and from a porn site.
Who cares. The last two were total stinkers. Especially the last Jedi. Damn that was lame.
They might have decided to do this for a reason. High winds for instance
Who?!
Isn’t this where hillbillies have their methlabs?
God that must be a nonstop cringe fest. Marvel fans are the worst for this
Fuck when he said “put to sleep” just for his nails, I thought he mean put to sleep in the animal sense 😿
I was gonna say that. Glad I’m not the only one who knows what this filth is.
I don’t like where this is going
She’s gorgeous
Idiots.
It’s pretty sad. Imagine being so alone you have to resort to doing this? I’ve had low points in my life and got close to this point. It makes me sad to think of how sad I was back then 😞
“Charities and hospitals”. I LOL how internet bullshit gets spread.
Well I assume that’s why you come here. Not for the Batman memes.
It will be ogre soon, now spread em
What a dumb subreddit
No ones being knocked. And I’m referring to a hard to find figure. Relax, princess.
Stop
Is plastic I assume.
I’m pretty sure no one ever said that.
That’s a good idea. I’ve bought figures that I wasn’t 100% in love with and even though I love all mine, the ones that weren’t my absolute favourite always end up on the very bottom, near the floor, of my ikea Detolf.
Is that cocaine next to on the floor or whatever you’re squatting on?
My wife is a very established and well know artist in our city. But even without that I’m taken back when people come in to the shop and expect a $300 commission for $20. They get so surprised and confused when they think my wife is in business with Walmart or something. I’m always like “take a hike”. But I can’t say it aloud because my wife will get mad at me 😆
.....like sand.
Hi folks. I’m Canadian and haven’t followed very closely what’s going on with Mueller’s investigation lately. I have read that it’s possibly being forced to come to an end this summer/fall. Is that true? Does it look like trump is going to get away scott free, so to speak? Edit. Why the downvotes? I just wanted some more info on the situation. There’s no reason for it to be like the_donald here where any question is seen as rhetorical and a waste of time to answer.
Go ahead. Stick it in my Patriot hole.
Fuck I just watched Hot Fuzz for the first time today. And now I see this....
“Quaid....open your minnnndddd”
I’ve done this before when I was using. Usually at a gas station or public washroom. I’d use one and get rid of the rest. I was too scared to carry them with me. I’m a discrete heroin addict.
So fake
I can guess which one is named Mongo
Why is it upside down?
I own many hot toys figures. But not a single iron man, until the other day. I had the Mandarin figure so I wanted some to go with him from that movie. So I bought Iron Patriot and Mark 42. Very heavy Diecast figures but I haven’t removed them from their boxes yet. To get to my point, I have to say I’m really thinking of getting heartbreaker. It looks more unique and really badass.
Thanks, friend!
Ha! All excellent points.
That’s not true. I have never bought one from Sideshow and always get brand new perfect figures. There’s tons of other retailers that sell them new besides sideshow. I think it’s just a noob opinion that sideshow is the only game in town.
I totally agree. I’d do the same damn thing. It’s just a phone call anyway.
I agree. It’s fantastic. Not just the head/likeness, but the clothes are well made and look so excellent.
I know. Ben Kingsley is one of the finest actors alive. The third act of that movie completely got derailed as soon as they made him into a joke character. And the exploding people that heat up? That was pretty lame to be honest
It also is currently, one of the less expensive Hot Toys figures you can buy still. So definitely a bargain in my eyes. It was $200 when it bought it last year. That’s $200 Canadian funds. So my fellow Canucks will know what I mean.
Yes it came with this figure. You get this type base with many iron man figures I believe. Some however have compartments for batteries and the area that should light up but are missing the electronics inside. It’s a $$$ saving thing for Hot Toys. But it’s really cheap and a dumb move I think.
Yeah, although I get their point (and possibly their policy) it sounds like they’re just trying to shoot you down. I don’t know how assertive you are, but you should ask (demand if necessary) to speak to someone as high up as you can go. I would be so upset if I paid that much for a figure that I wanted and then to have it damaged when I open the box. You should get a refund at the very least. These things aren’t drugstore Star Wars toys for $5 a pop. Just remember, you ARE in the right here.
Did you look on eBay? Sometimes monkey depot has hot toys accessories too.
What a loon
Where’s the facehugger?
Yeah I already did. Sorry lol I was excited. The newer trailer is much more awesome
How many of these would you have to take to get high if you were on 40 mg of Methadone?
Well you wake up sick as a dog so yeah it sucks.
He’s a self serving asshole. Oh everyone knows that already? Gotcha.
It’s beautiful
That’s why you’re supposed to keep $400 toys in a glass case away from pet hair and Dust.
Is he not in the movie at all? But why?
What the fuck is younique
Did you die? You can’t even?
Yeah that was the joke.
Where the hell is this?
I grew up with a heroin addicted mother and stepfather. Aside from countless stories I could tell, like how my mother used to shoot me up and got me addicted at 13, the one I’m sharing is....before that, we obviously never had money. Lost our house. Lost everything. One night I knew we didn’t have rent money for the place we were stayed. I always felt so bad for my mom, knowing all her issues. So that night, at 12 years old I went out and purse snatched an old lady for whatever she had on her. And brought it back to my mother, thinking I was doing a good thing.
Real nice brick work on the friggin counter there /s
Maybe water only? A bidet?
He’s a no body. Why even post his name. Nice job.
When I shit it looks normal. Usually.
Is that some ongoing joke or fact about his son? I’ve heard it more than once.
Was he at Walmart? I don’t follow this stuff as much
Really eh? Then I’d be sick from the Tylenol wouldn’t I?
What would they be consulting about?
Hall and Oates was the band. What’s wrong with you people.
What’s C25K?
Lol
Is that whipping cream?
Frightening?
Roast flaps?
What’s abalone?
Now your Bishop is like “not bad, for a human.”
Jur-ass-ic Fart. The lost.....fart
What’s that red thing behind it all?
It wasn’t a real injector. So what’s the problem?
Is there really a reboot of Waterworld? Because I’ll totally not watch it.
What a lousy house.
This is from people just splashing a bit of water on their dirty hands and then putting them under the dryer. It’s called SOAP and water people!
How about no one references him at all. Ever.
Mark who?
Yeah because needing an abortion is the same as “needing” a gun.
Remember a few years back now, there was a “respected redditor” (not my words” that was banned for using multiple accounts to make his comments on science and such, look better? Who was that again?
The new helmet style is very cool.
Why do so many people “like” this? He’s clearly a total asshole.
I feel so ugly now 😢
This screams of being fake
How is this a meme? It’s just a scene from the movie. No irony. Nothing clever.
You can see the slight shadow of her pussy lips.
Ah, to be young again
Thanks, dude!
What’s wrong with your balance?
Don’t forget the Winter Solider.
To be honest, they should have made a Fox figure instead of Alfred for this set. Maybe they couldn’t get the license.
Whos an asshole? PETA? Why?
From the date of getting that email? Or of when it arrives in their warehouse?
Why would she be getting out of prison at the airport?
Who the hell is this?
Edit. My bad. Didn’t realize it was releasing ASAP. I was thinking of the other one.
Why even post this? Some boxes next to your dirty laundry on the floor.
The photos on Instagram look like a real person. It’s crazy
Do you know a razor is?
Mine been in my local mail for 4 days. We have a postal strike here so I’m waiting patiently.
I’d love to lick you up and down along your whole crack
Why aren’t we? This is so wrong.
I’ll take it off your corpse.
SKRONG DIDDLY ONG!
One thing I’m almost sure of, is that he’s fantasizes about fucking his daughter. He’s said and done too many things to make it so obvious.
I would love to fuck you up the ass.
It’s a little graphic....
Dude steals this disgusting photo from the net. Claims it’s his doing. Meanwhile he’s a microdick embarrassment. End of story.
I have to agree. This looks perfect. I’d worship you.
Hey I have a question about those Besta cabinets. I was thinking of grabbing just a single unit this weekend to put on top of another cabinet. Can you just stack them or is it a separate style you have to purchase to get three or four high like you have?
Oh I’ve done that before. I never heard it called white elephant though. Thanks for filling me in.
Safer than romaine! Beautiful!!
Is there a video of this fucker crying his eyes out?
Ya I’m sure your newborn will read that every night and appreciate it.
Should I get this instead of the current?
This a posed art photo
What’s hit or miss? Who’s that girl?
So there’s the “deluxe” version which has different heads and hair etc. And just Luke:Endor version. Interesting. I’d go for the deluxe for sure.
Is this fucking true??!!?
The ragnarok loki
Doesn’t matter what bulbs. If you constantly drive the entire time with your high beams on you’re an asshole.
That’s a beauty. I had a army issue 1911 and it was plain but a nice gun
That card must be worth a fortune
There’s SOOO many of his past tweets that are ironic now due to him being the worst president you poor Americans ever had.
Did you tell him “we’re in the end game now.”?
You’re gonna love it. It’s Italian. Organic ice cream. Flown in from San Francisco.
This is dead on!
Mark 1 war machine? Must have cost a lot.
You got some damage there. You should look into that
Well I’ll be doggoned. You’re right!!
This statement is more true now than ever
I like this. Actually, I’m somewhat of a meme maker myself.
I find wallets ALL the time for some reason. I found 3 last month. I always keep the cash and return the rest.
What?
Holy grail kind of suggests something you’ve been searching for, for a really long time and that’s been out of reach.
This is a terrible photo
What’s that tattoo?
Is it? Jesus.
One time when I had been sick for a while I finally blew a huge thing out of my nose ( not like this disgusting abomination) but still big. My cold magically was gone right away. Amazing!
It’s a bad photo. You can’t see anything and it’s just a blur. But continue being a bitch about. That will fix it.
Feelin’ frisky
Looks like heroin
Why does your arm look like Thanos’ chin?
Are they porn stars? Please say yes
She’s got a hairy chest
Predator shoppers
Glam-buoyant
Because he’s Canadian. That’s why. Simple.
Do you bleach it
You’re just blessed then 🤩
I can’t stand the noises she makes. She sounds like a donkey giving birth
People take weird items and take photos with them on vacation. Then their workmates will take the same item on their vacation and so on and so forth taking photos with said item around the world. It’s just a bit of fun.
Thanks for all that info! You’re great.
I’m so glad I’m circumcised
What?
You’d need a joke first
Sounds like a nightmare. We’d be better off moving to the forest and living in a cabin. I’d rather have ants, squirrels, raccoons, etc. Instead of roaches. Those are a nightmare for me
Actually that’s not your backdoor. 👎🏻
No it doesn’t.
Marry me. I’m not rich. But I’ll bow to any sexual whim that pops into your head.
So you’re saying because someone is paid $15 an hour that the company will replace them with automated cashiers?
I’m Canadian and I love our healthcare so glad we have it I tell my wife every week how lucky we are
She’s a cutie. I miss when my kids were that age. Now they’re 16 and I haven’t seen my son in years. Cherish the time.
Sweet! Where did you get it? Was it brand new?
I hate Haley Berry. She’s such a terrible actress
His head doesn’t tilt that much, which would make a big difference in the pose.
Bingo
This is from a fake account that uses the photo of a Russian girl and posts horrible things pretending to be her
I’d leave them like this if you have a nice display case to put them in.
Can’t possibly see your hair. Also how did you get your ass to open that way?!
Is there a longer video
Heck yes.
It’s kind of a gross confusing shot
It’s your background and lighting.
It’s killer croc
Lol why the fuck would paint run down from the sensor? Look at the media release photos of this. It has paint running down from the sensor there too lol 😂
Negro is the new black
I thought burning man was in the US
Found the most unhandy OP ever. If you think that’s masking tape..
No
So he was 9 last year? And now a professional?
Any president that CONSTANTLY Attacks the free press and calls them liars and fake, might as well wear a shirt that says “Dictator” on the front.
How does the dent cause this?
Were the girls there too?
You can buy them at shops still. Www.toys2.net
Are you joking?
His name is Matthew
And the same as dark horse comics
Finally!!!
What meat is that? It looks like pure fat
Sorry the lighting is so terrible. I’ve been so busy lately. I’ll update if anyone wants, with a more finished look down the road :)
Does anyone think that this is an all new head sculpture or a reused one from the 1.0 version? Usually Hot toys has a figure listed with “all new head sculpture” In the description. But for this one doesn’t have that. You’ll notice on reuse it is they don’t put that they might say all new paint but that’s it.
It’s the only ones they’ve done since then
Same here. The movie was awful. But a figure from Hot toys would be mint.
I’m on the fence too. I have all the other Ragnarok figures. Are you totally happy with the head sculpt on this? It’s worth $400?
Yes I want it. Missed the last one
Russia put the biggest American conman into position as your president. And his supporters think they’re the smartest people for voting for him. So much irony.
Those dipshits with the hair 😂
Why are you self conscious? It’s as plain and normal as they come.
It’s sits well. It’s just dark so your can’t see its face.
Is Cancer the neighbors dog?
I read this to my wife earlier. She just looked at me and couldn’t say anything. He’s such a cruel and awful person. Donald Trump would be the cliche, satirical rich, heartless, asshole wealthy guy/politician in a bad movie.
God no
There is no “great” 1:12 figures. They all look like shit if not completely ridiculous. That’s why a smaller market of 1:6 scale figures exists and does well. Because it’s not necessarily for every 17 year old who will buy anything.
Reminds me of an old man without his teeth in. 😯
Meh
I said smaller. Since you’re literally quoting me get it right
Toy market for more than a decade. In what capacity?
He was hilarious in Vice Principals
Better than a cum sock at his age.
Sideshow gets everything first so I don’t know what you mean.
What is the point of this post?
Is that the SUPER annoying YouTube channel with a British family who do the most idiotic videos that are clearly fake? I saw one once and my eyes fell out and my ears sucks themselves into my skull.
You’ve got the original T-800 Endoskeleton eh? Nice. It looks in tip top shape too. I have a big terminator collection but I’d love to have that one and the tech noir and first Sarah Connor with the hat. That’s all I’m missing.
It will deteriorate over time like everything rubber. Nothing can be done about it. Even people deteriorate over the years.
When’s it releasing for PC?? TELL ME! TELL ME NOW!!
Why
YO THATS A CUT SCENE DUDE!!
Or a midget 🤤
He’s a fellow Canadian. Take that Yanks!!!
Why is this here.
Fuck yeah. This is A-ok
Yeah I better be getting paid for this life story of mine
I do
So ugly
That was a great movie
I’ve know 4 people that had this same cake. Guess it’s a running joke.
Is this supposed to be funny?
Yes I know that.
That sounds awful.
Ask Doctor Strange
You could rent your kitchen to movie and tv production companies when they film stuff in the 1970s-1980s
This filter doesn’t compliment it.
Grow up man.
What’s the discount for? Evans??
What a horrible placement for the basement stairs.
Except for Captain Marvel. What a awful and poorly written movie that was.
Finish it!
Notice how the exact same Marvel figures are posted over and over. And get the higher upvotes for some dumb reason. Post anything else and the 16 year olds have no clue what it’s from.
Why would anyone buy these? They look like they’re targeted at little girls.
Actually some people do. If the mods actually gave a shit this subreddit would be such a disappointment
Gimme a break. He didn’t grow it for that reason.
“YOU WANT A CLEAN ENVIRONMENT? Drive a TRUCK! YOU WANT WORLD PEACE? Drive a TRUCK! YOU WANT CLEAR SKIN AND A GOOD COMPLEXION? Drive a TRUCK!!”
Where’s the YouTube video link to this guy?
“Welcome...to Jurassic World Park”
So is this an image on your pc that you printed so you could frame it? How did you print it? What printer and paper type?
No. Not in the slightest
Regretsy
This isn’t a publicity still. And it’s not from Stan Winston.
No
Lol ya ok.
It’s getting hot in here. So take out all your cocks.
Yeah. It looks like a root.
Wow. Thanks! I’m not sure how much of it I’ve posted. But I can always show you more of it!
Oh cool. Ya I used to collect mcfarlane figures years and years ago because they were the “best” at the time. But all I collect is hot toys now. They won me over with the realism.
No one says “it’s may” they say “it’s may I”. Dumb fucking meme
Redneck nation lol. You’ve GOT to take that seriously
Don’t you mean “May I” be a dumpster rat?
What the hell is that? Edit i looked it up. These are for gay dudes. The info from the company is stupid and disgusting. This post should be taken down anyway. It’s just an advertisement
It’s clearly a joke made in poor taste but still a joke. Pretty sure this guy isn’t expecting to wake up with $10,000 in his account.
Guys will fuck anything that moves. When I go to my girlfriends house her gold fish stop swimming.
This was the answer from another post made a while ago. And from a different user. Such bullshit is Reddit.
Insane?
I’m never sure if these are real tweets or not.
That was dramatic
June teenth is a new word
He just didn’t switch to the other camera yet. How is this funny or worth posting. Reddit is such a shit pile.
Thinking to himself.... “Why doesn’t my child do something useful and productive instead of raising whatever the fuck these things are??”
What exactly are you inserting
Piss off
Taken any cock in there lately?
A midnight tokar
Ohhh lol. Thanks for letting me know.
Right. You really have to put your ear to ground like you do. And go to small community meetings and rallies like you do. Right? That’s how you, “Make every boner count” get your political information, correct?
What did you use for the floor and walls?
Oh man.
You’re staring at him no wonder
Why did you link a picture of what you just posted?
I hate seeing these kind of pictures. So sad.
It’s from a Chewbacca
I bet the wife is happy. 👅
Nice ass
You can buy those at sideshow Collectibles
You should be proud. It’s beautiful and if I made more money I’d buy one if they were for sale.
I got messed up by my mother who I solely lived with for 2 years of hell. She got me addicted to heroin and just had me shoplift and steal through the streets of Montreal when I was 13. 30 years later I’m still not 100% OK.
Why the fuck didn’t they name it Claark? Totally missed out.
I’m not a contractor but that sounds like a huge waste of space. You could have a larger washroom or at least a nice big shower.
Asia Keith Richards says “LETS FINGERING”!
I’m truly surprised how the Mandalorian gets so many positive reviews. It’s such a watered down shallow 20 minutes of television. But at this point Disney could print “Star Wars” on a bucket of diarrhea and people would buy it.
Your wife and her friend both sound like petty bitches. Congratulations.
Licking cocaine does absolutely nothing to get you high. Why do people feel this is a cool thing to do?
Eating a smelly boiled egg at work is a dick move.
Are these knock offs or actually licensed toys?
Damn. I bet they only have these in the USA.
That’s looking rather diseased lol
Agreed. He’s was a piece of shit.
I dig her style. She’s ok with me.
Not to mention the tons of other movies that he’s great in. Of course some loser posts this for “Halo 2”
Quite the thicket
My 18 year old daughter gets all her “news” from Instagram and Snapchat. It’s so frustrating.
Alien Resurrection was straight garbage. It was like a TV movie the whole time.
Nice Neca figure
Love it
Jesus that game is still going? And it’s only In Alpha still? Wow. I don’t have much hopes for that being any good at this point. Just too bloated.
Oh god. Do you own a snake? Where do you live?
That’s just a food box now.
That’s a just a water drop ripple vinyl wrap. It’s all the rage!
Finally a burger on here that look edible.
OMFG. I can’t. I can’t even. I’m dying. DEAD. SHOOK! Mood!!! I DIED!!
She hidden in the chair.
