I'd say it's kind of skinhead.
"That's what." - she.
[1993 Nissan AQ-X concept car](http://www.carstyling.ru/resources/concept/1993-Nissan-AQ-X-Concept-Interior-01.jpg)
"React, puny humans."
I thought he looked like a Jack Russell mix tbh.
Damn baby, I'd do you the old fashioned way, long and slow. Not in a microwave like some chump.
Current job: insurance broker. Dream job: voice actor for animations.
Don't forget freezer too. My ice cubes lookin awful cloudy these days.
When I was a kid I used to play a game on my PS called Wipeout, reminds me of this.
Ay bb don't be scurred
Saucy.
*heights* Bless his little cottons.
Going through an Orphan Black re-watch atm. I can't decide who's hotter, her or Cosima.
Wow. I mean I can't stand the moron either but that's a little excessive.
Hobo tried to trade me a puppy for my lunch near the Eiffel tower :/
I wonder where "Fanny's your aunt" comes from.
Tonsurephobia. Fear of haircuts and going to the hairdressers. I've been cutting my own hair since I was 15. I'm 30 now. My hair looks like hell but I can't do anything about it.
How to find my mum a place to live when she's on a low wage. I'm trying to move out (I earn enough for that) but she can't keep our flat alone. Doesn't help that she doesn't want to help herself. She wants me to stay and I can't.
Early morning runs? Push-ups, sit-ups, crunches.
You called your dog Kevin lmao
Ha, if I hadn't been 13 and on a school trip then I 100% would've traded.
You're welcome. Start off as small as you like, then you can build it up by adding kilometres to your run and reps for your push-ups, etc when you feel you wanna increase.
The people, food, or language?
Oh Christ. Ok. https://imgur.com/DHp0PnS
How romantisch.
Die Hard.
NOOT NOOT
/r/iamverybadass
What in gods name is that outfit? Not even the shirt but the lower half.
"OMG! SOOO STREsSED OUT RIGHT NOW!!!" "omg hunny r u ok????" "Yeah I don't wanna talk about it lolz"
Thus started my ever lasting love for older women.
Wack.
Lack of confidence. I'm probably too old now.
Jus try et though ;)
Aww I love donkeys! And congrats on the marriage!
Sunday's are shorter than other days.
Hands down best cocktail
[Join us](https://media.giphy.com/media/nOod1gZ9Xkum4/giphy.gif)
Pardon my french, but you're an asshole!
Shit man, better start on the cod liver oil.
I used to whip out the ole yellow felt tip of doom, that got the bastards sweating all right.
Happy cake day!
Oooff. Calm down Satan.
Same here. First saw her in The Spirit. Watched all the AHS's and now daaaamn ❤️
I've got a pretty bad alcohol intolerance so I can't even drink my troubles away.
As someone that's into femme gals, damn :(
Oh daaaamn those kegels are practically hamburger sized! They good?
Yup, same.
Oh dang.
I can't even help myself mate.
Goofy funny women.
Too fierce? Lmao @ men who can't handle amazing women. RIP to your nana. I lost mine in July and I'm still working through it.
Muchos Bueno!!!
Even his hat was happy to see her.
Oh man call me a freak but I love when girls are normal about those sorts of things. Everyone poops bruh.
Good lord above that is adorable.
She's about 300lbs shy.
😱
I had that at my local KFC a few years ago. They tried passing it off as "the coating dying the chicken" smh
Not all types of history but ancient mythology is my jam.
Oh yeah. That too.
What an odd thing to say.
That's one of the cutest dogs I've ever seen.
GAY SPACE ORGY
Do you unwittingly secrete chloroform?
Word.
Beeeeeeeeasts.
A heroes death, to be sure.
Don't put it there then.
What if she's been dishing out endless handies and blowjays in exchange for Church's chicken?
Why's Gambit dressed like a grade A square?
Bitch Slap. Just the whole dern movie.
Aw :(
Domino's pizza.
The gift that keeps on giving.
There was a post just a few days ago in here asking what people's sexual experiences with handicapped people had been like. I was in tears with laughter at some of the comments.
By letting people know what a miserable bastard I am.
Funny cesspools though.
Girls with long hair and suits... Damn.
Ironic that that the baby mentioned probably has a higher maturity level.
WHAT DO YOU GOT B?
Always ready for some American Action ™
Mr Steal Yo Boyfriend
Awwww hunny nooo you look gorjussssss!!!!1
Hang in there, bud.
Money. Headphones and phone - even if it's just for music. Might go and find my 2 year old self and take her somewhere better.
I appreciate a large tomato. 🍅
Was scrolling through to see if anyone had mentioned him. I remember first seeing him in Taken by Steven Spielberg. So sad.
He felt he'd gotten too popular, maybe. Sold out.
We make a family, yes?
I don't get it. Why do I care if my (hypothetical) sister thinks I look gay? Why does anyone care if I do? Just fucking weird, man.
[Toilet:](https://i.imgur.com/Qi4LY0x.gif)
I mean domesticated.
Thank Christ for noise-cancelling headphones.
Samesies! Best of luck to you mate.
How could anyone go there? Ugh.
Treat me like I was a no good trouble maker all for being from a single parent family.
Being an a-class munter.
Sounds like they like you too. I'm a strong believer in "when it's right, it's right", so I say go for it, as long as they're comfortable.
I used to get Winona Ryder a little bit but now I'm older it's more like Weird Al Yankovic.
Congrats on being an grade-A asshole 👍
I knew when I was 5 and didn't come out til I was 22/23. Everyones situation is unique.
Dan. Fucking tosser.
No. Dan can fuck *himself.*
I hate being shit at everything.
My heart. I still miss him.
Change it to NTL. National Throwball League. Sincerely - an English citizen.
Don't get ate.
I think that's Jamaican slang, buddy.
Vintage comics.
Mad expensive watches. Like bruh, it just tells the time.
I always hated it. Like bitch u dnt no me.
I don't really wanna see my friends or anyones blood soaked pad thanks.
Wyatt.
🤨
Speaking as someone without a father, it gets easier as you get older. You grow, you know who you are a little more. These things matter less when you know that it is what it is. What he said to you may seem very insensitive, but really he's right. What can he do to make up for those lost years? How much will saying "sorry" really help? A single, or even a few words doesn't undo countless years. Conversely, if it feels like he's not committing to being a parent, then it's time to take some control and quit contact. He'll do you more damage in disappointing you than he ever did abandoning you. You don't need him to be whole. I spent a *lot* of years feeling like half of myself was missing when I should have realized that I am not my parents, either of them. I'm me, and I am more than my fathers absence.
DISGUSTENG
Samesies. I'm 30 with no LGBT friends. Feels bad man.
Do it! I've been skating on and off since I was 17 - I'm now 30. You're never too old, I know of both men and women still shredding in their 40s and even 50s. Don't stress over being good or how coordinated you are. That will come with practice. You'll have so much fun learning, even if you only roll it's still amazing :D
[Jesus.](https://i.imgur.com/Wh6KCMR.gif)
Ugh, Worthing. You poor bastard. I used to live just off of Cobden road.
ಠ_ಠ *-dies alone and unloved-*
Oh wow that's really cool.
There's such a thing as a "bi-cycle"
Boom, crack! The sound of muh bones.
Happens to me when there's a distinct lack of gay ladies around.
My nan once bought me Mickey Mouse pyjamas instead of Minnie Mouse. I'll never forget that :')
What kinda shit?
It's just common sense.
God I love eggs.
I had a backpack too with a rope fastening.
I've heard he smells good.
Sin.
Jesus fucking Christ get it away
Awesome. Man, they're so darn clever.
I preen for Satan.
Bruh get some aveeno on them mitts.
Exactly. Just fetch some black pepper and you're set.
Just realized how much Trudeau looks like Miles Teller.
Dad? What are you, 3?
He's your cat's man now.
Oh god. That's so precious.
Ran like she was wearing flippers
What a douche.
Ranch Lesbian™
Mi scusi!
What's a hypotenuse?
I smoked for years but never really got fully addicted for some reason. I had a bit of a need for one when I was stressed but it wasn't unmanageable by any stretch.
Oh Jesus H Christ.
Weird Al. I'm a girl.
Badass.
Touch-starved cretin checking in.
You just... Put your hand back? I don't understand how that's difficult in any way.
Sitting. Like a regular person with a modicum of flexibility.
I get so incredibly anxious about eating at work infront of people that all I have is a breakfast bar all day til dinner. If I didn't get headaches from not eating I wouldn't bother with it at all.
Kitty looks unusual.
Urkel wears floods cause of all the pussy he drowning in
Had my tragus done several years back. Was a 3.5/10 on the pain scale but the bastard bled like an 80s movie prop. My ear was gurgling with all the blood going down it, worse when I chewed food - cause of the movement. It ended up congealing in a pea sized lump of blood squeezed between my ear and the flat metal part of the jewelry. I had to get in there with needle nose pliers and physically crush the dried "blood ball" to let my ear breathe. Healed up great in the finish but in hindsight I would've purchased some XXL Tampax. Pic available on req.
The coloring on that chain is amazing.
F
Mysterious Skin. Great film but Jesus holy Christ it's hard to watch or listen at times because of the content.
😂
Well, you can tell by the way I use my walk, I'm a woman's man, no time to talk.
Oh crikey.
Nice!
I talk with my mouth full. I actually hate myself a little bit for it.
Coach Steve's hormone monster.
If you don't know the answer to that question then you're not ready, son.
Race that car.
Do you ever actually well up with tears from seeing something so cute?
"External focus" What kinda shit?
Heard you talkin shit
It's lost all meaning now tbh. "Omg a girl flirted with me and I didn't realize, what a useless lesbian I am ahahahha!!!" Like dude, that's happened to almost everyone at some given point. Ugh.
I was weirdly proud. And then ten minutes later I was curled into the fetal position cursing my very existence and all those who came before me.
First Christmas without my nan. It doesn't feel right.
I can't even touch my toes sometimes so idk it's not for me.
You're miles ahead of me in terms of dealing with what's happened so honestly nothing, other than to keep what doing what you're doing. Best of luck.
ABROAD
Oy. Smh.
[C H A V](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/robcraftbloxboys/images/2/2f/Skangers.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20180603153801)
Sinning is winning.
Damn. She's a lucky woman. I hope it all works out for you.
May as well join a nunnery at this point.
That's it I'm buyin weights.
Any words of advice?
Wow, you're a genius.
Made evident by the fact that you can't tell sarcasm from sincerity.
Creamy.
You're a Wanker Number 9.
Someone that doesn't have their shit figured out yet. We all develop at different times in different ways. So long as she's not purposefully a total bum then I really don't care.
Punching myself in the face tryna put a sports bra on.
Dark Was The Night (2009), an indie comp album. Totally got me into modern indie and I never really looked back.
No waayyy. July 7th here too
In the middle of a street?
I really wish my dotwork piece had turned out like this. Trouble is, I did my research and found a great artist, experienced with dotwork and loads of other types of tattoos. Great looking portfolio, I get my tattoo and well... it's not 100% shit but it's definitely not great either. WAY too heavy. Properly disappointing.
The dotwork itself isn't delicate/light enough or closely done. They're heavy big black dots that barely make any semblance of the artwork it was trying to depict.
Cor. What a teeth dryer.
They gone bone. Lavly art!
...has anyone ever tripped over and landed on it?
23
That what I though as well. Feeling sorry for those tits.
Oh. Fabulous.
"dark path" Screw that. You don't exist to please your parents. Don't make yourself unhappy for their benefit. If this guy makes you happy then go with that. Coming out sometimes comes a lot later, or earlier than we want. That part is up to you and only you.
What a fucking sell out.
Oh mate. Mine started on Christmas day. Merry Christmas to meeee, I'm feeling rage and angreeey.
Holy shit I wore that as a teen and never even knew haha
Pierced nip nops are my kryptonite.
Seriously. Shoulders/arms/backs make me forget how to breathe.
YOU MEAN THERE ARE ONLY 12 DIFFERENT TYPES OF PEOPLE HOOOOO BOOOYYY
Sandpaper.
Ladies tennis. Jesus... The grunts.
Nah that's amazing.
he gro
Heroins great if you're goan on a diet
*Indian?* Come to West Sussex if u want an ass kicking.
Francine.
Coming out as gay. No idea what changed as I was fully prepared to live a lie and have a hetero life, but something just kind of snapped I guess.
A life size doll of Michael Jackson in his Thriller outfit, driving a fucking car.
You'll find you will one day, I promise. Doesn't have to be tomorrow, or next year even. Don't punish yourself to appease others, please. That's why I did it in the end. Because I deserve to be myself.
This was posted a few days back. She said yes.
Agreed. It's a huge leap. I was in a position whereby I knew deep down no one would abandon me but I was still terrified of their judgement. I didn't want to be pigeon holed into a subgroup. As I mentioned before, you get to a point where your brain tells you 'enough is enough, I just want to live'. Soon after I came out I got a comment from a friend saying how different I seemed; I was happier, more confident, even carried myself differently. I hadn't even noticed til he said it. I think that's something that's in all of us, just waiting to come out too. You can do this.
I'd say it's a mens. I have the same issue, boobs and hips are too big. I've had some luck with TKMaxx (TJMaxx) and H&amp;M cause I love short sleeve printed shirts as much as the next lez.
Spitfire cheapshots are about a tenner, lasted me really well.
No I get girls shirts but I try to aim to get ones that could either be worn by a guy or a girl. I know what you mean about shopping in the guys section though, I used to shop online and just return them in store sometimes.
You like your blowies toothy?
Fucking bastards. One stole my Renault once, drove home then fucked my wife.
I'll never understand parents that just want clones of themselves. To me, that's failure as a parent.
Ahoy hoy.
By Jove she's right!
Mediocre my butt. That's really awesome, keep at it.
Congrats! I had to move to a place with no stairs in the end.
Everyone saying they're harmless... Don't they don't pinch/bite?
Eugh, right in my county aswell. I can't deal with the bigguns :(
S I N
If useless means not plugging everyone at the drop of a fucking hat then well I guess we are.
A MIRACULOUS LOVE!!!
Love them Winkowskis
She had the power to end the world so I'm pretty sure she could end Glory.
😂
Yep. Plus I've seen them kill for the fun of it. Nothing like seeing a seagull throw a baby moorhen around by the neck then prance off after its stopped moving. Disgusting creatures.
Motorcycles. Leather. My parents were bikers.
Goddammit Michelangelo!
I had my right eardrum rupture when I was 3 years old. I'm almost 31 and I still remember the pain.
Probably a trapped nerve in the neck with muscle spasms. It made my entire body lock up with pain.
Dolphins. Dirty rubbery fucking shits.
Fucking HELL. When was I born even? Am I even alive??
I enjoy your optimism.
golden2bois
13/14
Then you have us Brits what chase a wheel of fuckin cheese down a steep hill. Top stuff.
Neato! That was a good year for music. Not as good as 1986 but still very good.
Johnny two arms.
Pfft, tentacles. So passé.
That and I just don't trust them. Sight of them makes me feel queasy.
RIP
A handsome spud.
Still no reason to brag like a fucking psychopath about how much she enjoyed eating it.
Girl to the right is yelling "no Garuff! It ain't werffit!"
Oh cool. TIL
WASTING THE SACRED BEAN JUICE
Science because it's founded on fact not fiction 🤷‍♀️
Taco Bell 🌮 🌯
Jingy. There's a jingle bell in his tummy.
Because I don't "get out there" aka dating scene
Comb her hair and write poems for her.
TWINS BASIL
I got lucky on amazon regarding bras, I got 2 Shock Absorber sports bras and it flattened my E sized tatas a treat. As for bro tanks, could try looking in the teen mens/boys section.
I'd date Lea over The aussie fuckboi any day.
Thanks! I think somewhere along the line that it was the look I was going for :)
Pretty much 😁
Or in my case - become a girl like that 😂
I don't think I have a physical type per se, but I always tend to go for girls with a mad cap sense of humour, generally goofy and fun loving. Bonus if you love dogs and animals in general as much as I do.
Sweaty butt and titties.
I feel the same about winter! Like damn why is it looking like it's midnight, it's goddamn 7am!
Ezra Miller, because he's beautiful.
Can't be arsed.
Fascinating.
Looks like a tusken raider.
School bus. Blue panda pop and hula hoop chunks. Yum.
"Have you got a kiss for daddy" 😂
Yeah. Something happened a couple of times on two separate occasions. I try not to dwell on it too much because it makes me feel angry and sad that I couldn't even tell my own mother for fear she wouldn't believe me. I'm almost 31 and I still can't.
Sweet baby gayzuz I want that too.
"You wanna buy some death sticks?"
Hahaha, mad. A girl on my street once ate a whole pack of starburst chews and promptly threw them up. Looked like a melted rainbow candle.
"Uhhhh I don't wanna sell you death sticks"
Hello darkness.
Used to be 20/20 but the last year or so I've been having trouble with distances so I ended up getting my first pair of glasses just a week ago. &gt;Also I can go cross-eyed and control one eye independently. Can anyone else do this? Yes, very much so. I can roll/swivel them independently too.
Same. I'm grossed out.
That headlock escape was smooth.
*gentle gasp* "Dis booty."
Well I'll be jiggered.
Less crisps, mo' money.
Can't beat late 80s/early 90s jazzy leggings.
I do, I look like the partner o_O
How's about we all mind our own beeswax.
Wow! And that's with your whole head up your ass too? Amazing.
England - "haha, no."
Gotta make some terlet freckles.
That's such a sweet story. I'm sorry you've gone through that, though.
Nero's Red Queen sword.
Hello yes.
Ooh. Love all of them really, depending on the time of day. Coffee in the mornings, tea for the afternoon and hot chocolate at night 😊
Dude same.
Aw yiss, mother fuckin seafoam.
And now I'm giggling at a bus stop.
Jesus what an entitled prick.
At 12, I don't really know what I expected apart from the Eiffel tower and maybe some stray baguettes milling about - but what I did see what pretty eye opening, lots of homeless about, one tried to trade me his puppy for my packed lunch, also the same type of puppies (yellow labs) were being sold at the hypermarket in tanks. It was kind of grubby. I'd go to France again someday but not Paris.
*sad noises*
Mine's when I force a toot.
Lovely pic.
Definitely do the t shirt thing 😁
Damn! That buzz looks great on you.
Jesús Christ can you not
Yeah if you smash it about
"Did you mean *nub?*"
As someone born on the 7th of July - cool beans.
Uhhh probably in reception (so like 5, maybe even 4 since I'm a summer baby) a weird kid called Eddie was systematically getting the girls of the class to meet him in the toilets at the back of the classroom. Classic ole "show you mine and you show me yours" gig. Well anyway, my turn arrives and he gets it out, I pretty much think "I don't like that" and high tail it out. Not before he asked me if I wanted to touch it, though. Lil perv.
Oh I was a waayyy early bloomer, I knew even a bit before then that I felt much differently about girls than I did boys. I like to think that that kids inch worm solidified the gayness in me.
O shit we twins
Makes me wish I worked in this type of office that says we dress more formally. I would get stared at super weirdly if I dressed that formally. It's all hoodies and jeans where I am :/
It's the same with lesbians, a lot have issues with dating a mtf lesbian. Everyone has opinions, right or wrong. When it borders on pure discrimination though - that's when it's wrong.
I heard that when she got off the bus, she cut her arm off.
He looks like a Rudy.
Never had mayo but I've had salad cream which is absolutely peng.
Cool, another reminder that summer is nearly over before it's begun - sincerely, an angry Brit.
Says the girl with egg on her sweater.
Family Guy. After season 8/9 it just got horrendous with recycled jokes and gags, and the fucking cutaways. More cutaways than episode in the end.
Kind of went off eating meat in general slowly, wasn't enjoying it. I decided to become vegetarian because hey why not, gradually became a moral thing. I love animals, it seems wrong to me to eat them.
80s, best music. Joy Division, Depeche Mode, Erasure, New Order, FYC. Bangin'
I'm pretty sure they don't, no.
All of the strokes.
Blue guy's cracking me up. "Hullo thare!"
What did the cheese say to itself in the mirror? &amp;nbsp; *Halloumi!*
Saggy boobs, big boobs, no boobs, we all love boobs. A lot.
It surely is!
Mentally I guess.
Seeing the love of your life or your child die. I hope I never have to experience either of those things because I would not live through it.
I can shake my eyes. I'm expecting lasers soon.
At a café or at a work training meeting.
Because we're dead inside and are compensating for it.
I'm a *person* and my name is Anakin.
I worked in retail which forced me out of my comfort zone.
You are a bold one!
Mel Gibson.
Ah :( wish it was down south, love a good storm.
Okie dokes.
Because fuck it that's why.
JUST LET THEM HAVE THIS
Winner winner maccy dinner.
Probably most of my tattoos, especially my leg ones. Fucking idiot.
I've got three white lines on my elbow from where I was jumping on my mum's bed and landed on her hairbrush.
Waasbree.
Thank you.
I had the exact same thing with a childhood friend when I was kid, and she was way more into it than me as I honestly didn't really see her in that way but hey. She's married now (though that doesn't mean straight I guess). Also had a thing with another girl in secondary school, she was definitely straight but I guess some attention was better than none and I felt the same.
I read that as "love to" 😂😂😂
Rubbish. He just walked into the doornob.
I love his work, there's huuuuuge piece right here in my hometown.
Maybe ask her if there was any particular reason she bought them for you? Go from there.
I made the same mistake as yourself and was pretty horrified by the transphobia. Noped outta there pretty quick.
THEY SAID WHAT For real, her lisp is adorable and I never even noticed that she has a large forehead, just looks normal sized to me. I remember when people ripped into Will Poulter about his looks after Bandersnatch was released. Some people are just disgusting, getting kicks out of tearing people down while sat behind a computer.
Haha! I like you.
Skater.
Woah she's seriously cute.
Looks like a carpet beetle.
Foiled again!
Hnnnngg
Or England. It's tantamount to calling someone "sweetheart" pretty much.
r/absolutelynotmeirl
Live in a tiny annex with a kitchenette. Can confirm.
...arg...
Don't be a judgey judgerson.
How is he supposed to get the shit smell off after that?
Lovely. Some Asian fella on my carriage just took a whopping crap and now the whole thing smells like a dog died.
No that's just the vodka.
Hmm. They should put "pee time only" on the door maybe.
Oh the filthy animal.
That's what I do because I'm an awkward bastard.
Moist, used underwear.
Awesome! I love how the tail feathers look glittery :D
Cool tattoo 😁 I've got one of mountains too.
Agh, dude. I hate shit like that. People can be weird as hell. Also fuck them for staring, didn't their parents tell them that's rude?
A mindless robot then? Reason number 728,522,001 as to why I'm so glad to be a lesbian.
Getting into bed with fresh clean sheets, and clean jammers. Bonus if you just bathed/showered.
Oh man tell me more I fuckin love blueberries
Well don't make me Google it
I admire someone with passion like that in their lives.
Fuck me...
Thank you sir. I am learned.
Those wheels are the most beautiful shade of orange.
No girlfriend but it doesn't stop me from loving that I'm a lesbian and thanking my lucky stars that I am lol.
I loved the plain salted Lays chips when I was out there, probably saltier than ours or something but idgaf.
This is something I'll be faced with one day. I don't know your circumstances OP but mine ceased to be my parent when he walked and never looked back. 100% would not get into it with him. He made his choices.
I_am_bread9446 of Reddit, what is something men do that turns you on the most?
I'm a dumbass and even I know that's a squid.
And what a sweet little ass
FLASHY WASHY BOOM BOOM
My age. I made someone at a party I was at gasp in shock the other day when she found I was 31. A lot of people assume I'm somewhere between 21-25, though I did have an old lady last year ask me about school.
I don't like going to bed early because it feels like I have no life away from work. Also, to get my sleep cycle right.
Visited NYC a few months ago. Nothing really. That's probably because I grew up in a rough crazy town though. I was however delighted by the toilets. A quick flush and bam! it's gone. In England it takes at least 5 hours to flush a peep and 9 days for a poop.
Los hombres orinan con el asiento del inodoro levantado.
Yep, work.
I koʻu manaʻo, hana kēia mau ala ʻelua.
Oy.
The pampas grass.
TNT by AC/DC
Fucking peng mate wanna nip down the offie for some bevvies and get ratted?
Ah, a sterling case of the ole giggle-dick.
You're a 15 year old boy. I'm a 31 year old woman. Excuse you.
Have you had prison food though? Probably tastes like an asshole turned inside out.
I'd take the punch too, the thought of a strangers spit on me is enough make my skin crawl.
Wow that's a new one on me.
I fucking love space raiders. Pickled onion ones esp.
A girl complimented my cheek dimples once and I replied "thanks it's cellulite"
Oh das nice.
Your boy looks like a young Tom Holland.
Aye it is possible, so the legends are told.
One of my faves is Beavertown Gamma Ray. Love me a tropical pale ale.
Why does he look like Tom Cruise though?
I really hope she isn't renting.
Good gravy marie.
On a much lighter note: It's just nice not to have weebish anime posted every 5 minutes.
Same as whenever someone links r/HolUp I think "they don't love you like I love you"
Ooh awesome! I've got central heterochromia, they start off brown round the pupil then go into amber, green and lastly grey.
Jesus Christ.
I took it as serious. Shit like this was posted on AL every five minutes. Nothing shocks me anymore.
Me, unfortunately. My live-in landlord and lady (for some asinine reason) have a blocker on the internet so you can't look at anything that would remotely offend their delicate sensibilities.
Those things look like someone threw a stick of dynamite in a ham sandwich. Eugh.
That's what I thought.
Location?
Chocolate choc chip.
I hope she loses her job for that. Fucking despicable.
Okay https://imgur.com/85Rm7cl
For when you want to look like a robin hood nerd
I've tried to argue with others about cost of running a car etc but when it really boils down to it, I just plain don't have the confidence. I'm convinced I'd be shit at it.
I had beans on toast for breakfast this morning. TRANSPHOBIC!
I could be way off but I'm really really hoping that not secretly her dad posting that shit.
That's not a 14 year old.
You can ask this on r/LGBDroptheT and get way better results. They are mostly former FtMs but there's a fair few.
Hated blue cheese as a kid, absolutely love it now. Give me all that mold, baby.
Oh dear fucking god. I take it you're not English?
O shit
I'm sure scousers feel the exact same way about southerners but it honestly is like nails on a chalk board.
Gotta say the lipstick smudge on the chin really is the cherry on top of a shit pile cake.
That's mum up top and daughter below, homeboy.
Well that's wholesome.
It wasn't a rock! It was a rock lobster!
Or think they were playing a trick on me.
I told ya it'd get all over the damn thing!
Yeah man they probably didn't cremate her
Lordy have merc-y on my soul.
Huevos rancheros.
Their mental health problems. I'll all for being open regarding those issues but save it for just a bit later maybe.
Dark. I'm very emotional unfortunately.
Murakami is one of my favourite authors.
Chief budgerigar.
Depression or a touch of nihilism at the very least.
My friends mum hugged me and said she loved me after I came out, which was a hell of a lot more than my own mother was able to do.
I knew a Joel.
Bognor's a shit-heap. There's a Bere Regis too but I don't know anything about it.
Dude same.
&gt;smelly things Is it just me or do men smell like damp?
"Plump" holy shit I must be a whale then.
Plump is definitely a synonym for fat or round.
Wow! I'm not lynching, I'm just saying. Like you are. It's all good.
DAMN.
The snazz is real.
Imagine thinking a dude with a dick is the same as a woman with a dildo.
In the tub, in the car Up against the mini-bar
Now that's a rabbit hole.
Where you go wiv the lads to have a cheeky one before nipping down to Spoons for a couple.
I do the exact same thing except with the right side of my tongue.
&gt; I am beyond stoked for New Mutants. It's been 84 years...
That I don't like pink because I'm a lesbian.
My mum has the same He-Man haircut.
Shuttup you silly slag
My first thought.
ಠ_ಠ
Wow insecure much? Chill tf out.
Good I'm glad to hear it.
Love Arbor wheels.
Oh my. The juxtaposition of her badass goth tattoos against blonde hair and a white dress is pretty awesome.
I've got a set of Bogarts on my "rough road" set-up, they roll like a dream.
I once read the instructions leaflet in a box of my mums tampons. Horrific.
My landlady calls her one year old daughter "bae" to an obscene amount. It's so cringe worthy.
Cartoons. I just finished Archer and South Park. Tried the first episodes of Final Space and Midnight Gospel, not super taken with either though atm.
She played the younger version of her! I remember thinking "what? they went to the trouble of (CGI) de-aging her but not the others!?"
Day before I turned 30.
FATHERRRRRRRRRR
That's Geordie mate not Taffy.
OUT am I?!
Downsizing. Both my friend and I fell asleep.
Murder of an innocent man on camera leading to worldwide protesting.
Nina Hartley has done a few.
Mouth ulcers I'm guessing
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Prevert.
That's one way to primo slide.
Aerobics is life.
Test
u/profanitycounter
