You take it as given wisdom that you catch more flies with honey, but I don't agree with that, as I've said and you're not actually offering an argument to support that position. You're just restating your position. Question begging etc. Which is fine. I ain't trying to go all debate club on you, just pointing out it's a bad argument. I take you and I are generally on the same side here, though maybe differing in a our framing a little. I'm holding a fairly open position here. I think some people can be gotten with honey, and some people can't. I think some people need a boot up their ass because it will get them to fuck off, and I think some people might learn from getting a boot up their ass. I really think it's a case by case sort of thing. I don't think the term "fragile" has some kind of universal meaning which all people are going to react to the same. Personally, I think it's descriptive, and I don't think antagonism in itself is a reason to discard something. In addition to the "some people need a boot up their ass" I also think some light antagonism can act as a filter for people who are acting in bad faith. If you were minding your own business at the store, and some guy came up to you and asked you for 20 bucks and you gave him twenty bucks, and then I ran up to you and said "What the fuck man! that dude you just gave 20 bucks to is a fugitive criminal and he just used that money to buy a gun and shoot someone" You, a good person would probably say "Oh shit. That's bad. I did not want that to happen. I'm sorry. I want to make sure that I never have this happen again". But if you're a socially maladjusted/mentally ill person, or perhaps just sympathetic to serial killers who buy surprisingly inexpensive guns, you would be like "Fuck off! I didn't do anything! Fuck you! I was just trying to do the right thing! I did the right thing! I'm a good person! You're the bad person! You're the problem!". Someone who is actually operating on good faith is going to be more motivated by their personal sense of obligation than they are by their hurt feelings, and if they aren't, then they might actually be a lost cause to begin with.
By talking about socialist/anarchist circles I'm referring to the fact that I've met a lot of guys who might have easily become Trumpers, or been redpilled, or whatever, but ended up seeing things differently, more rightly, that women weren't their problem, capitalism was, that immigrants weren't taking their jobs, robots owned by capitalists were, that other people around them had it just as bad as them.
Now that's just silly man. I'm a designer who has been learning to code on the side for the last couple of years, and yeah... I know the feeling of being overwhelmed by all the change but stuff has kinda leveled out and honestly... like ... I learned how to use gulp in a weekend and same for webpack. Also there's really just one package manager that anyone has given a shit about for like 5 years now. NPM. No gives a fuck about bower and hasn't for a while dude. And npm has package lock so no one cares about yarn either (and it's not even like yarn is that different from npm). Like I'm not even a real programmer and I think you're being a little dramatic here. Maybe you're feeling your livelihood threatened though? Defending it in the abstract isn't going to help you though.
Thanks for the suggestion. Can I ask some questions? Is it fast? Does it require a subscription to use? Do the folders mirror the actual uploads folder file structure?
I'd say it's a pretty good reflection of neo conservative thought. Neo conservatives originally were socialists who defected and then latched onto the idea of "spreading democracy"
Since getting the 1809 update (it seems that it didn't come until December. Is Surface firmware delayed compared to mainstream releases?) it seems to have improved for me too.
I'm artist turned designer and now coder and I'm a member. There's tons of room for non stem people. Personally I just think of it as "tech oriented leftists" and tech simply meaning "the study of artfulness"
Jobs you don't have to automate because they get paid so little? Artist turned code guy here. Humanities and stem aren't opposites. They are part of the same thing.
Current philosophy work on theory of mind and consciousness is hugely tied up woth neuroscience and cog psy tho
Op you miss an important corallary to your statement about their pay being determined by the market. Because teachers get paid so little, smart capable people don't generally want to be teachers. Why teach kids to code when you could just bet a job as a cider and make 3 times as much and not have to put up with so much bullshit. Public education is soemthing which has its market defined by political action rather than the marginal profit on the market because the marginal profit for taking care of some kid is basically zero. Private school teachers have an even more directly market directed salary and they make less and their clientele are on average much richer. Because where's the profit in education? There is none. At best it takes 18 years for that investment to mature. But if you paid teachers better then you attract better talent and then you can fire all the shitty teachers. The teachers who complain don't mean that when they complain about pay of course.
Saying you like cats and Netflix is like saying you breathe air and drink water.
I don't think this is true. I pretty much always swipe right. I even use a bot to swipe for me. I'm pretty sure I'm not shadow banned. I get match every couple of days. Pretty consistently
From a business perspective the only thing tinder cares about is getting people to sign up for tinder gold. They don't care about why you use it. Just that you pay for it.
I don't think they shadow ban. I swipe right and even use a bot sometimes to swipe and I still match pretty consistently. I'd say about at the same rate as bumble.
I'm not talking on a personal level. I mean on a society level. That worries me. It seems like an extremely toxic and unsustainable gender dynamic.
I'm not worried about myself when I say that. I'm worried about society.
It's cli only UNLESS you install an xserver thing and route the execution of gui apps to it. I've done it and it's super cool using nautilus on my pc!
I tried it and while the intergration was nice their ui is so outdated and poorly designed.
Frys sucks for that now too sadly. They're doing the best buy thing too.
Not unions don't work 100% of the time though. Try living in a "right to work state". If you're some Cali guy, you really don't know how good you've got it.
I tried kubuntu first when I switched to Linux last year but I found the theme settings for KDE too confusing.
Freud didn't have a lot of empirical rigour to his stuff and he fostered abusive power structures between therapists and their patients. Let's not get too busy protecting him.
Did freud intend his work as philosophy or as science?
Well as science it seems to have failed. As philosophy... Idk... I've got a bias.
What's cinnamon do that you like?
Trust me freud is the whipping horse amongst conservatives of why psych is bullshit.
Prove it.
So it's your anecdote against mine. So how's that make either of us baseless? We're just comparing experiences. Your experiences differs from mine. You have a base. I have a base. So what's your point? We can both have valid reasons to hold opinions and experiences that contradict you know.
We read totem and taboo in my intro anthropology class... So... What's your point? You want to quiz me or something?
Trust me. You have it way easier than you think. The alternative is much worse. Try living in Texas for a couple of years and your opinion on unions will change. For all that frustration the alternative is much much worse.
Thanks! I'm going to check this out more.
Nice thanks for the info :)
Obviously they ain't perfect. But that's an opportunity for improvement. Not an argument against them in theory.
Christian anarchist checking in.
Can't help but feel like it's immoral to spend that much money on a keyboard when there are so many people starving to death out there.
Also I'm not a positivist. So nonsense reply there.
&gt;I can say that it's true that sometimes psychoanalysts go too far with this strategy, to the point that could in fact it be considered a pseudo-science, however, I don't find this argument compelling, because this is something that it happens to scientists from all fields and in particular it would be hard to argue this. &gt;it's important to note that Freud was living in a historical period in which psychology and psychiatry were in a crisis to define themselves as scientific. Wundt and Titchener were formulating and discussing the extent and applicability of the experimental method in psychology, Fechner was trying to describe some general laws of perception and so on. So it was very common in this particular historical period that psychology itself did not have a clear distinction of what they were doing, that if, if it was philosophy or science. Yes that is my point. I'm not referring to poppers specific arguments here except in so far as I'm accepting falsifiablity as a necessary trait of scientific theory. But freud is pseudo science in the same way that many early versions of scientific fields are pseudo science. The biggest difference is that most physicists don't argue that Aristotle be taught in physics classes. Aristotle is very useful philosophically still but his physics of fundamental elements is myth making and nothing more. The vast majority of psychologists believe the same thing about freud. So why even try to defend his work as science? It's absurd. &gt;but instead Freud takes them to be always open to be falsifiable Falsifiable doesn't just mean the theory is open to change. It means the theory delineates clear predictive outcomes which can be disproven by experimentation. Even a cult leaders garbled pseudiscientific philosophy can be framed as "open to new revelation" but that doesn't make it falsifiable.
I qualified my statement though. Did you not see that? I made a qualified statement. That should be clear.
Shit bag humans can't be trusted with capitalism either tbf.
My work is not directly involved in feeding people but as someone who works only for civic and non profit orgs I'm certainly putting my money where my mouth is, so your jibe sorta falls flat. My girlfriend works as a social worker. She also doesn't direct feed people. But she spends 8 hours a day counseling mentally ill people who are in jail. I buy mechanic keyboards that are decent quality and cheap. I can even appreciate the devotion to quality etc. But 800 dollars is simply a waste of money. I imagine it's a bit like expensive "fine wine" which multiple studies have shown have very little empirically validated "quality" according to double blind studies. This seems to me simply like nerds flexing their epeen.
The thing which makes a thing "toxic" is the fact that it's self harming. Toxic masculinity harms men just as it harms women. This is why toxic gender identity is bad. It's bad for everyone. (just look at men who suffer from eating disorders. Their ideas of needing to get cut and ripped very much come from ideas of masculinity which you would recognize as toxic. Macho etc) Other forms of toxic femininity would be things like women who operate in dating spheres according to gender roles which put the man as the provider. This is bad for women (it treats them as dependents rather than empowered self actualized individuals) and it's bad for men (it treats men as a means to an ends rather than equal partners in a relationship). Ultimately I think "internalized misogyny" is just toxic femininity spelled backwards and toxic masculinity is just internalized misandry spelled backwards. It just depends on which direction you're looking at the issue from.
Words are constantly being redefined. Words are made up. Read some descriptivist linguistics dude.
I hit some of those categories in a way. I'm from a religious family. I'm a Christian anarchist and socialist with an interest in cybernetics which also links back to my personal work in art. I'm not stem but I work as a developer/designer . I went to school for painting and film but I like and make tech art, like using neural networks to make paintings and stuff. I'm in an art collective. I'm a nerd in the sense that I like learning stuff but I was never a model student. I like science and tech but art too because I see them as one part of a bigger thing. If anything I'd say I'm too out there for most people. My political beliefs are fairly radical. My interests are niche. I think your explanation is a bit too pat.
Can you dm a pic of your tinder profile? I'm curious how you have it set up
I'd also like to hear more.
I think that's some of it. I also live in a red state and I think maybe I'd do better in a blue state maybe. I def feel like there's a certain level of hierarchy which is propagated by the way dating works in America.
Sorry replied to the wrong person looks like unless you changed your previous message.
I am not defending that take in the least. You're responding in bad faith here. The fact that poverty increases the atomization and strain of relationships is not only a proven side effect of capitalism, its one of the major problems which Marx talks about when he speaks about alienation. Humans become commodities under capitalism. Stuff like tinder etc just increase that further. Meritocracy is itself toxic. The belief that some people deserve love, food, housing etc is inherently hierarchical and fascist
I think the not treating people as commodities and not looking at it as a skill is key. But we also live in a hierarchical society and alienation under capitalism is not merely a just desert for "shitty dudes". This kind of thinking is itself a form of meritocracy which is toxic to how we value and look at human beings as valuable. I'm saying this as a non incel btw. I am by no means extremely popular. I'm pretty average. But I think we should be hyper aware of our own tendency to view things though the lense of the just world fallacy.
&gt;But clearly you aren't really familiar with psychoanalysis if you think that this is how psychoanalyst do their work. Not really a good argument but I'm willing to be shown better understanding. &gt;From a point of view of clinical therapy, these options aren't really that different from more standard procedures. Can you provide me with some empirical research which studies psychoanalyst dream stuff?
I was not intending to give sociological claims. I was expressing a personal observation. Why are people here so hard on defending freud when he's no where near accepted by mainstream modern psychologists?
I don't see how his explanation of the first myth resolves this issue. If instead of saying freud is pseudoscience we say freud is metaphysics we get essentially the same conclusion, namely that freud is not empirical science nor should be regarded as such. What am I misunderstanding here?
I'm probably just too serious a person I think. I'm pretty dry. And I'm okay with that but it's not everyone's cup of tea admittedly.
Can I ask you what you do for a living? Do you operate within capitalism also or have you somehow broken free?
I would also like to know this. I currently use team viewer but would like my own solution.
The point here is that we are all operating within capitalism and there is no ethical way of doing so. So be pragmatic instead if being a dick about it. Wasn't making the "and yet you have an iPhone" argument at all bucko
Does freud provide a physcalist etiology for mental illness? My understanding is that it does not. Which is why it strikes me as metaphysics and not science.
If the cause of mental illness is metaphysical then how can it be science? Maybe not physcalist per se but a metaphysical or "soul" or "spirit" whatever explanation seems inherently based in a conception of the human mind which is beyond the reach of science.
The statement "the is no ethical consumption under capitalism" is hardly liberal bullshit galaxy brainer
I think my problem is I care too much. I'm a very serious person.
If you want to read more check out my blog. I write about here https://www.jackalope.tech/how-artists-can-use-neural-networks-to-make-art/
Nope. You've merely dismissed.
Quote it.
Lame joke and you miss the reference
Make a single argument please I beg you.
What's the etiology?
That's an interesting response. I'd like to get your thoughts on this. I love making art and all my friends are also artists and love making art. Our conversations pretty much revolve around what we're currently making. "talking shop" is my fav. If it's not talking shop then it's talking politics. That also can be a bad first date conversation though since I think it's easy for stuff to get pretty negative and sad. Recently been dating a social worker and I can connect with her on politics and also because the way she approaches her therapist work is an intentional practice similar to the craft process I do as an artist. But outside of politics or making things I don't know what people talk about. Everytime I've gone on a date with some HR person I've always been bored to tears. I don't know what to talk about to her than making stuff and politics. Even pop culture is filtered through that lense for me. If I was going to talk about my favorite band it's probably going to be about their politics or what their creative influences are. So what else is there to talk about? What am I missing? I don't k like talking about pop culture except in so far as it overlaps with making stuff and politics.
I read the article but it doesn't address etiology.
It's not him. The dude that's in that picture posted on reddit awhile back. He's like 26 or something.
It's out of fashion in the car design world. People who are into cars don't like how "chintzy" these designs are. (not that I think they are but that is the perception of people in that world)
For these people the cost of risking involving themselves with people they view as below them is too great a risk.
One reason why I think progressive liberals should consider embracing socialists a little more. If you come to the table asking for a fair price you'll leave with nothing. You gotta start your opening offer high so they'll meet you halfway. All the "enlightened wonk centrists" prove that they suck at politics even if they're good at policy.
Right but history isn't science. It's derived from records. Archeology on the other hand is a science and is required to be based in empirical methodology.
Maybe janitor has benifits in Cali but in Texas... No way.
No real need when zsh can just source the git files directly. I just git submodule import the zsh plug-ins to my dot files repo and then source them in my zshrc
Bud... Since when has 2a actually protected any whistle-blowers? I'm not even a gun control guy but you're just blowing smoke out your ass.
You know anything lore about the context here? I'm curious what the story is. Not because I want to defend the cops (fuck Em) but because I'm just curious that's all.
We've had see through led since the 70s man. That's literally how they originally worked. The problem is backlighting them. That isn't an issue with an advertising banner but it is with a phone.
I thought about it, it's just fish isn't backwards compatible with bash right? So any bash script used has to be transpiled etc.
Home ownership is in a different league than horse ownership. Also international travel maybe due to technology but vacation days have decreased over the last 40 years.
Moving to Cali to become a janitor is only practical if you have the money to move which most people don't up front.
Where do you live? Because if you're in Cali your expectations are pegged to a very different level than the rest of the country. California is actually rated as having social mobility on the same level as Canada. But Alabama has social mobility on the level of sun saharan Africa and was recently compared to a developing country by UN ambassadors touring the area. Your viewpoint might still be a good deal off from normal. Also depends on your age. Median income for your age group? Or just median income. Because if you're 28 and making as much as the median then you're comparing yourself against people who have been working the same job for possibly 20 years. It's a bit like a grad student making 20 an hour doing research comparing themselves to a welder in his 50s. They make similar wages but one is in their late game while the other is just getting their motor running. Hardly comparable. I'm not slagging you here. I make like 100k as a web dev, but I'm also highly aware of how lucky I am compared to other people. I'm just trying to encourage you to consider the possible need for self reflection and empathy.
Not disagreeing there. My point was that big sensors are ultimately necessary. Idk how this contradicts that.
I'd argue that buffet and gates are far guiltier than rdj consider buffet funded climate change denial.
I'm confused. I don't come by here much. Has dino and Dan splitsville?
Socialism has a stigma with old people. But nothing will convince boomers of anything at this point. So let's just wait for them to die off and build up a strong set of well defined and studied policy ideas so once they're gone we cna actually fix stuff.
The user imbues them with meaning but words do not derive their meaning solely from personal will alone. Words gain meaning through their community use. Stoicism which ignores te reality of this is naive at best and more often than not self serving. https://philosophyforchange.wordpress.com/2014/03/11/meaning-is-use-wittgenstein-on-the-limits-of-language/
You at like a Christian leftist thing or something?
hmmm maybe but it seems to me that one could look at the trinity as just as much reinforcing the idea of emanate reality. After all, as I said, spirit in that time was understood in a metaphysical way which wasn't exclusive from a monist ontology.
\&gt; But Freud never talks about a soul or a spirit. He talks about the Unconscious, but he believes its existence can be logically inferred. Do you not think science can reveal certain things about mentally processes which are unconscious? hmmm.... Yes I think so. I also think the line between conscious and unconscious is a lot more blurry than people usually want to admit. \&gt; You're using "metaphysical" in a rather strange way here...presumably whatever we discover through science is also material for metaphysics, in the sense that metaphysics as a branch of philosophy is about what exists, how things are, what things are made up of, and so on. "Causes" of mental illness aren't "metaphysical"; I'm not sure what that would mean. Freud argued that the causes of certain mental illnesses (among many other complex factors) could be possibly found in early childhood experience, things like that. Any bad childhood experience though would ultimately result in some kind of physical change in the brain though right? Some neuronal structure going awry etc. So that might be some ultimate cause but the physical dysfunction is in and of itself the disease being treated right?
ay btw, not that it matters,but I sent a follow up message to her asking her directly on a date after talking with you and got it! Aaaand.... it was whatever. She was cute as fuck and I had fun talking with her but she still seemed a bit mentally young. Like she was still in college and still seemed very much a kid in her worldview and experience etc. But dang she cute af I kinda wish there was a leftist sub for talking about dating and dating apps, because I feel like there's a lot of premises and worldview things which differ between leftist approaches to relationships and the typical advice you get on most relationship subs
you a developer? that's becoming more and more the norm for devs and I fucking hate it.
fuck you're so cool. When I was in college I seriously thought about buying a pair of those to get around as an alternative to a bike. They seem like fun! .... as long as you don't hurt yourself :(
tbf Dylan whathisface is doing a podcast called Future Perfect and the new season basically starts with "philanthropy is bad and undemocratic and it's just a way that rich people buy themselves a legacy after fucking over the rest of society"
I tried to set one up but the mod for socialist programmers didn't want to put it up as the official sub slack and instead wanted to get community involvement on the subject, and from that point it pretty much died. &amp;#x200B; Since then I've joined up with the Tech Workers Coalition which I think its probably a more valuable tech community to get involved with at this point since they've actually got some real organization and IRL activism stuff going. Check it out here: [https://techworkerscoalition.org/subscribe/](https://techworkerscoalition.org/subscribe/)
exactly this. WFH is capitalists getting the profits of us owning our means of production. It's crazy. Some people like it, and if so that's fine, but companies are embracing it because it puts greater capital burden on their employees
yes obvs there are advantages but those advantages are used to cloak the nefarious tradeoff going on. Capitalists have found a way to make us pay rent for our means of production AND still profit off our labor.
You don't sleep where you work. If you want to work from home you have to rent a larger space than if you didn't.
Different strokes man. The option should be there for both kinds of people as far as I'm concerned.
I admit there's tradeoffs. It's more than just an either or.
Matrix doesn't require hosting? If not then I'd say yeah let's do that. I'm still using the tech worker coalition though since it's part of a larger org that's organizing some cool stuff local to me. But yeah I'd say knock yourself out.
Almost as crazy the fact Richard Spencer having a wife who has openly admitted that he cheated on her at the unite the right ralley and she's still with him etc.these people are legit sociopaths.
There are solutions to the problem. The real problem is that those who can implement this solutions are the REAL problem.
Pushing left is not the same thing as being anti libertarian bud.
Last I heard they were still together. Though maybe it was his fiancee and not his wife in case he used to have a wife. Whoever his new lady is.
Okay I wasn't sure who you meant by "people who objected to rightocoast". I was hasty. Sorry.
Bernie sanders is demonstrably more anti war and pro civil rights than almost anybody you can point to in either major party. It depends on which aspects of liberty you prioritize. Ron Paul was against the civil rights act for ostensibly anti federalist reasons while bernie Sanders was in favor of it for civil liberty reasons. Which one is more important to you is a trade off that will depend on your underlying ideology but neither is more "truly libertarian" outside of that frame of reference. And referring to Sanders positions as "givme free stuff" is a level of political ignorance you'd be better off working on. It demonstrates a basic meme level of nuance. It's barely a hairs breadth above being a dumbass boomer with your car coated in bumper stickers. You've got a decent brain. So use it. Read more. Get educated. Don't be lazy and rely on such insipid generalizations.
Agreed 100%
Is that the one who tweeted about being a proud Democrat? Yeah that one then. Real galaxy brain there.
true and I think there is some degree of hope in that the Dems have been squared out electorally at the state level in so many red states that I think they'll be open t supporting these changes if for no other reason as it will be the only viable way to hurt republicans, barring a Supreme Court decision on gerrymandering which doesn't look like it will happen any time soon.
Where did you get the cia for it? I'm new to 3ds piracy and I'm not sure what are the best places to pick up stuff.
Nationalism is cancer. All nationalism. Your example of the Bible telling people to love their neighbor is... Laughably bad because that story in the new testament is specifically given with the message that "all people are your neighbor and treating people of your ethnic group or close geographical with a preference is wrong." You can have solidarity with people without nationalism. In fact lore often than not nationalism sows the seeds which destroy solidarity.
Ooh you so edgey edglord. Teach me the ways of the blade? Give me a map to the nearest hot topic maybe?
Good lord you people are insufferable sometimes. I'm fucking glad non of you guys ever actually do anything but shit post on the internet.
Are you the guy who above was talking about how nationalism wasnt necessarily bad as long as it was socialist nationalism?
1. You're the one making the positive claim so burden of proof is on you. 2. Fructose is in both foods. The difference between the two is that bananas have fiber which slows the digestion of the sugar which is better for your pancreatic health as frequent spikes in blood sugar can lead to insulin having less effect on your system and eventually diabetes.
Fructose is in both foods. The difference between the two is that bananas have fiber which slows the digestion of the sugar which is better for your pancreatic health as frequent spikes in blood sugar can lead to insulin having less effect on your system and eventually diabetes. The problem isn't "different kinds of sugar". Also even if it was the way to answer that person's question is by explaining what the different kinds of sugars are and why they differ. Otherwise you're giving them an ignorant answer
You should do more research before you spread misinformation. You're getting a lot of the issues confused with each other. Fructose is in both foods. The difference between the two is that bananas have fiber which slows the digestion of the sugar which is better for your pancreatic health as frequent spikes in blood sugar can lead to insulin having less effect on your system and eventually diabetes
You should probably do research since you got most of your shit wrong.
The other guy gave you bad info and you were right to ask for more info. Fructose is in both foods. The difference between the two is that bananas have fiber which slows the digestion of the sugar which is better for your pancreatic health as frequent spikes in blood sugar can lead to insulin having less effect on your system and eventually diabetes
It's probably they just want those meat calories.
Ay same to you.
Thank you. I'll read it. It looks interesting. But I find Marx's original logic for internationalism hard to deny and I think all the nationalist socialist movements we've seen have proven their inability to move things forward in any meaningful way.
"This is what essentially distinguishes the policy of the class-conscious proletariat from the policy of the bourgeoisie, which attempts to aggravate and fan the national struggle and to prolong and sharpen the national movement. And that is why the class-conscious proletariat cannot rally under the "national" flag of the bourgeoisie. That is why the so-called "evolutionary national" policy advocated by Bauer cannot become the policy of the proletariat. Bauer's attempt to identify his "evolutionary national" policy with the policy of the "modern working class" is an attempt to adapt the class struggle of the workers to the struggle of the nations. The fate of a national movement, which is essentially a bourgeois movement, is naturally bound up with the fate of the bourgeoisie. The -final disappearance of a national movement is possible only with the downfall of the bourgeoisie. Only under the reign of socialism can peace be fully established. But even within the framework of capitalism it is possible to reduce the national struggle to a minimum, to undermine it at the root, to render it as harmless as possible to the proletariat. This is borne out, for example, by Switzerland and America. It requires that the country should be democratized and the nations be given the opportunity of free development" So far I'm in agreement here.
Presentation of the question feels like Stalin just make a whole lot of hay to say 'context is important "but I'm not sure any amount of context is able to override the central necessity of national self determination. I am not intimately familiar with the relationship between Poland and Russian and Austria in the last 2 centuries but speaking as an American, every attempt at "spreading democracy" that has been attempted seems fundamentally a failure and that even at the risk of losing socialist systems to reactionary separatist movements, socialism must be self determined.
I'm pro nuclear but the reason for nuclear going down has more to do with the expensive upfront capital costs at this front. Nuclear should have been built 40 years ago to be useful but at this point its too little too late. You want to fight climate change, you'll need better solar and better batteries.
Wow! So you're a legit piece of shit huh? [No wonder you're mad at "leftists". ](https://i.imgur.com/yBxd8xO.jpg)
I started at the beginning and I read up to the end of the 4th chapter. But still don't agree. Can you please explain to me why I should swallow the argument against national autonomy? Because on the face of it it seems to be a pretty weak argument. The truthfulness of it is reliant in specific historical examples which are presented solely through Stalins interpretation of historical events which I lack the necessary expert knowledge to confirm or deny, and which what I do know would cast a great deal of doubt on the validity of his motive reasoning
My guess is they didn't like me saying their answer was ignorant. But that's not meant as an insult. It's simply a description of fact. It is ignorant of the underlying mechanisms and even states so itself. But people think of ignorance as a thing to be stigmatized and it shouldn't. We are all ignorant. The only way to not be ignorant is to admit that and learn better.
Ah yes sorry I missed that. Apologies.
Name me one democratic party rep who identifies as a "goldfish kin"? Eh? Can't right? Because you're just talking about internet bullshit. But what I'm talking about is real politicians who are actually publicly against the facts of evolution. So what are you? A child who thinks the internet is all there is to politics? Or an informed adult who actually realizes that the world exists beyond their moms basement? Which one is it?
Yo if you want to actually get into science, I'll school you on science son, but the question I have is: do you have the balls? Or you going to wuss out and run back to your little safe space once I start breaking down your shit? Let's take this socratic style. I'll restrict myself as much as possible to simply asking questions. But first let's establish what we mean by what we say: Do you understand the difference used by biologists when they refer to sex versus gender?
Bud I have 0 problem refuting your shit. I'm game to break your rhetorical spine. But I doubt you're going to actually engage me further in debate because like ever alt right shithead you're too scared to actually make any real arguments. Consider the gauntlet cast pussy.
Hmm perhaps. Close relation maybe?
Yeah that's what I thought. A meme. You guys really are all npcs. Can't break your script.
I speak the language of idiots to the idiots. Just don't go native know what I mean?
So do you or do you not understand the distinction made between the word "gender" and "sex"?
I don't have confidence to say yes to that but I do know there's been experiments with animals that can process cellulose (the stiff insoluble carbohydrates that make up plant cell walls) and they found that you could remove more and more food from animal feed and basically replace it with sawdust and vitamins and it was able to keep them alive. Not happy but alive.
Being ignorant of facts doesn't mean he was ignorant of his own ignorance and visa versa. More importantly I wasn't bashing the guy. I was telling him that the other person asked him a question and his incomplete answer demonstrated a lack of knowledge. That's it. I wasn't talking to magnet man if that's what's confusing the issue also. I was talking to the person who responded to him with incomplete info.
That's what state capitalists always say.
Almost could believe that actually. I believe they're just state capitalists like always but wouldn't be surprised if in their minds, as a more authoritarian centrally planned vision of communism they would tell themselves that's the plan at night.
What's stageism mean?
You want something other than democracy? Like you want... Monarchy? Oligarchy? Autocracy? What?
I've read both ya'll's arguments and the position that seems most reasonable to me is "both are bad. China maybe slightly less bad but like.. Bad is bad so still bad. Who cares if skin cancer is less bad than stomach cancer? Both suck!"
I mean this totally in the spirit of mutual aid but if you're in the Austin area, let me know and I'll see if I lend you a hand. I'm poor af too but that's just because I spent the last 5 years teaching myself code and living on 10k a year (basically work 6 months and then take 6 months off to learn shit) and I know it's rough and if I can help someone else I'd like to.
Dude. Your brain is getting too focused on theory. Like be more pragmatic. All this shit talking we're doing here on this sub is pointless. We should be focusing on actually pushing for change in our communities etc. And talking about this shit like this doesn't help.
Yeah... The ussr was state capitalist so what's your point?
Nuanced take here. Their power on a relative scale is an important factor how we treat them. Two kids under my care as a teacher, both from abusive homes, both are throwing tantrums, both in response to being bullied but one of them has a knife and is the 2nd biggest kid in the class and the other is in a wheelchair on life support. You treat them different of course. It's just the rational thing to do.
That's more of a cia thing than nsa I think.
I was asking a sincere question. Ussr was state capitalist no? Do you disagree? If so why?
Thanks! That was super helpful :) The question of whether or not they can skip stages seems a bit academic at this point right? As at this point there are no non capitalist nations really. Other than maybe a few untouched tribes right? Also would it be fair to say that stageism suffers from the paradox of heaps? What I mean is that there is no real clear dividing line between feudal capitalist and socialist society. We can recognize that these things are different but much like the question "when does a pile of sand become a heap?" or "what specific hair makes a beardless man a bearded man?" the actual division between things is pretty blurry.
Fair point.
Solidarity! Also where you live? And how easy is it to move there? I've been thinking about doing that expat thing once I get some money saved up. I hate expat culture (so many ancap shitlords who don't want to pay their taxes) but I also feel cooped up in America.
You're making a lot of assumptions here. I want to ask you some more questions not to argue you down but to understand your thought process better, if that's okay. Why isn't the state a class? What do you mean when you say that there needs to be a capitalist class to be capitalist? Capitalism is a system right? It's a description (in my mind at least) of how economic power is distributed in a society. We can roughly divide those into "classes" but in the end that's a human construction we impose upon the system. The essential characteristic is the nature of how power flows.
Yeah language is my biggest issue. I have a language learning disability that makes it extra hard to learn languages. I'd have to figure out working remote probably. Anyway good luck!
Ay I've read. The point though is I'm engaging you in a dialectic (in the Aristotlian rather than hegelian sense) because I hope that by engaging you and will both come to a better understanding of our positions and reality as a whole. I see dialectical engagement as a means to better understand things. So here's my follow up questions: When refer to capital, in your last paragraph, are you using it to refer to the capital class or are you using to refer to a factor of production? The reason I ask is because if you're using it in the classical sense, then the sentence makes little sense to me. But if you're using it in the more Marxist sense, as a reference to capital c "Capital", the referent being the Capital Class, then I'd like to know why you think it is impossible for a capital class to exist in China and/or the ussr? More generally what defines the capital class that makes it impossible to speak of it in reference to china?
Hey just a reminder, but the "southerners are all cousin fuckers" stereotype " was perpuated due to classist narratives which sought to explain the persistent poverty of Appalachia: https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2008/06/how-did-west-virginia-get-a-reputation-for-inbreeding.html It's just a few degrees off from saying that black people are all thugs because they were bred that way by slave masters. I ain't saying you're a bad person. I'm just letting you know, you're perpetuating bad ideas that people use to harm poor people.
[Bruh](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Just-world_hypothesis)
[Metamodernism. Check it out. ](http://www.metamodernism.com/2015/01/12/metamodernism-a-brief-introduction/)
Match with them just to give them shit for being bad humans please.
Legit, dock marten boots give a good extra inch.
You ain't doing too bad. Keep it up!
Saying "morals aren't objective" **is** a philosophical stance. Whether you intend it or not. And nihilism at its core is the belief that morality, values, ethics, virtue, The Good etc don't exist. The phrase "life is meaningless" is one formulation of this stance based on a concept called [Teleology ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teleology).
Red states are like that largely because the majority of the population doesn't vote and has been politically disenfranchised for generations. You're probably forgetting that many red states are majority African American. Also, I don't think someone from NY should speak too loudly about "ruining reputations abroad considering" our current president was born and bred in your state. Many of the oligarchial institutions that plague the South are also one's which are owned and operated by capitalists who live in blue states. Where does the owners of fox news and Koch industries live again?
Why do you say it didn't in the ussr?
You're [question begging ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Begging_the_question)dude. You're assuming your conclusions as premises. Circular logic. Not a valid argument. And since when did you think that using a particular words definition didnt constitute also implicitly holding a philosophical stance? Literally most of philosophy is people arguing about how to define things. (the specific branch of philosophy related to the meaning of terms is "semantics" btw.)
I find it's a good idea to check people's comment history to make sure they ain't just a troll or wingnut. In this case it's saved me some time.
"valid argument" as in logically valid: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Validity_(logic) This is pretty basic stuff bud. &gt;I was just using the literal definition of the word, the one you'd find in the dictionary. By the literal definition of the word according to actual dictionaries morals are not objective, unlike laws. [Are you high? ](https://i.imgur.com/uoNmsPf.jpg) Like man besides you just being **literally** wrong about what the dictionary says, you're saying so much dumb shit in that paragraph it's like you've perfected concentrated ignorance. Look man, I was trying to give you a nudge to maybe open up your view to information you might have not considered but it's apparent you're either too dumb or too up your own ass to help. Ciao.
Okay. Bad argument on your part but I'll take a step back and break shit down more. How are you defining capital class and why does that not apply to the hierarchy of power within the ussr?
Carbon tax is the only way to fix these issues.
Where? I don't see the word "subjective" anywhere in that definition. Point it out.
In order for someone to be smart enough to build a nuclear bomb they would not be crazy enough to use one for terrorist purposes. There's a reason why terrorists use super brutal simple methods.
I'd say we are. Have you seen the reports of the concentration camps at the border.
Basically end of the war till about 1963 I believe. Technically Obama is just barely a boomer. We've never had a Gen x prez
Relevant quote [https://i.imgur.com/qCKx0Mw.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/qCKx0Mw.jpg) We can talk all day about riots being bad, but the reality is that these are natural outgrowth of an oppressive system. And sometimes riots are the only way for that voice to be heard.
Studies have actually shown that older people have generally gotten more liberal as they age. The reason people perceive that the older you get the lore conservative you get is because old people are generally more conservative. But relative to when they were young they're actually still more liberal. Kinda gives one an idea how how much shittier stuff used to people. Peepaw might tell racist jokes about Asians but you don't know what he did in his 20s...
Honestly I wish I could get rid of my oven. It's huge and takes up space. Between a hot plate, crick pot, toaster oven, and microwave I can cook pretty much anything I need. I don't really bake you know? I used to bake chicken fairly often but these days I prefer stir fry.
The troll has a lot of different shades of meaning but I think the "operating in bad faith or without sincerity or with irony" is a pretty decent component of most defs and would certainly include a lot of alt right assholes.
Not too surprising since they also grew up under the cold war.
I think you'll find that liberals, centrists who are interested in maintaining the status quo are like that. But leftists who are muchlre radical are generally more supportive of men's issues.
Not what he said dude. You're being a mite defensive
Actually in my experience, as someone who is an active member of several radically left political groups irl, people on the left are totally open to menslib style rhetoric. The people who are going to lump you in with the fedora are soccer moms who voted for Hillary. But fuck em
Maybe Hillary soccer moms but actual leftists will support you. I find half the problem dudes on reddit have with "lefties" os that they're surrounded by milquetoast liberals who love to shit on people below them. But actual leftists, socialists, anarchists etc, they'll support you. Trust me.
Depends! You can only get so wet. If you're already in swim trunks there's something really nice about walking around out in a thunderstorm. It's bracing!
Is the children rape some kind of reference to sow thing real? Michael from vsauce isn't some secret pedo is he?
Relevant song: https://youtu.be/FO79S-VPkL0
Submission comment: This is something I've thought a good bit about. I worry about the consequences of the increasing complexity of society, the anonymousness that arises from urban living, and the commodification of relationships through dating apps like tinder. There is a gross mra interpretation of this that could be used to enforce traditional gender norms etc. Which I believe is wrong because while there are bad things it is hard to deny that the liberalization of sexuality/divorce law, and the increased range and variety of experience which technology enables us (you aren't stuck with marrying a farmers daughter in your tiny rural hamlet) are good things that have prevented bad things from happening that used to be much more common. And yet there's also these other effects which seem to merely further atomize individuals. To be transparent, I consider myself a Christian socialist/anarchist (think Tolstoy or MLKjr) and I am in part because I think that along with a need to increase negative liberty (freedom from coercive action) there also must be positive liberty (freedom towards empowerment and a healthy life). Im pro sex worker and sex positivity but don't know exactly how negative and positive libertoes are supposed to be balanced, in the demutalization of society, especially when it comes to gender sex and sexuality though. Sex robot amps that up further by not only giving a simulation of intimacy but perhaps hypothetically a perfect simulacrum of intimacy, essentially "automating" emotional labor. And I post here because this issue effects men in particular the most and I think it's relevant to the kinds of discussions people have here. Also consider these issues in light of the hittamori movement in Japan?
I have demi traits too and I've wondered similar things but I'm also cautious to ever try and put hard caps on what an ai can or cannot do. I think perhaps one way to look at it though is that at the point at which the robot could have a sufficiently complex enough simulation of being in an intimate relationship, it is for all intents and purposes fully human. And perhaps in the long term we only get to that level of sophistication through a convergence of biological manipulation and ai, basically leading to a fusion between humans and ai and at that point the issue resolves itself in some capacity? And I think you're right on the affordability and porn front but I think we can still see the effects of high end stuff as a ripple effect. Most people couldn't access porn in the 60s but it def had a role in sexual liberalization and it gradually became eaiser and easier to access.
She speaks l33t
I think a useful concept that would be useful for mainstream feminists to more publicly is the idea of kyriarchy https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kyriarchy
Same basic principles should apply though right? Yes physical intimidation isn't as relevant but there are other ways in which people can be coercive.
[Woah](https://i.imgur.com/B8kASKN.gif)
No it just wants some taco bell.
Fair points, and related to a similar thing I've been thinking about which is: if a sex robot can be good enough to pass as a sex robot, isn't it at that point basically a human for all meaningful purposes.
why do people in this sub keep talking about podcasts???
yeah the extend of their cyberpunk involvement has been using those vaporwave generators online to make a logo for their twitch stream and watching Ready Player One (which ain't cyberpunk but they will think it is because VR means cyberpunk right )
Just read this article today and was thinking about posting it to this sub actually: [https://crimethinc.com/2018/10/22/music-as-a-weapon-the-contentious-symbiosis-of-punk-rock-and-anarchism](https://crimethinc.com/2018/10/22/music-as-a-weapon-the-contentious-symbiosis-of-punk-rock-and-anarchism)
yeah don't know a whole lot about them but that name is pretty cringy to me at least. What's your opinion about the broader question I posed? What do you think is the role of culture in sustaining ideological movements?
I can see there being lower end non-sentient sex robots which people use in place of relationships but ultimately I don't think that's going to really threaten sex work all that much because fundamentally sex is relational, personal, intimate, and I don't know if you can actually fake the perfect appearance of empathy and emotional depth without essentially de facto creating it. And on the question of why people would buy a sentient sex bot, you forget that just because something is sentient that doesn't mean it can't be way more tightly controlled and replicated. It could be possible to create a perfectly submissive but for all intents and purposes sentient AI, just as it is possible for people to have certain genes or experiences which make them naturally more prone to compliance or obedience as humans. Once you lock down that particular learning-model you can just pump those things out like they're Toyotas coming off the assembly line. That said, and as I think I say elsewhere in the thread, I think to get to the point where you could be producing sophisticated and reliable enough systems like that, there will perhaps be a convergence between human mind augmentation and AI anyway. I think some of the difference in our approach to that is that I am guessing (an assumption on my part) that you in assume that sentience in some capacity also equates to having free will. I am a free will compatibilitist (meaning I believe that determinism and free will are compatible concepts), so I don't take it as a forgone conclusion that sentience inherently equates to some kind of "libertarian free will" (libertarian here being used to refer to the libertarian free will position, not to the guys who want to elect Ron Paul)
The the tension between true political and merely aesthetic. Issues is actually the main thread of the article so you might actually get something out of checking it out. At the very least not reading a thing and dismissing it out of hand based on superficial stuff seems like you're not being very intellectually serious. I'm not sure you even read my text post presenting a set of questions to dig in deeper tbh, since simply saying "Mao talks about cultural revolution in his writing" isn't really engaging with the question in any meaningful way. Expound on how you see its application to the present case focused on digital spaces?
Holy shit these are so good.
Yeah somebody who supports a president who has pushed for war, passed gun control regulation, and continues the drug war is reeaaal libertarian. Yup.
Realistically, have they ever. Shits been bad since the beginning of this country. Trump has just given a clear look at what's always been there under the surface.
I've def noticed a huge uptick in hostility towards anarchists. Tankies going to tank I guess.
This post is satire galaxy brain boy.
At this point, both.
Aristotle literally codified the foundations of logic. But yeah sure thing bud. The reality is you don't read any philosophers. You just read memes on reddit. As to you point. Nothing is absolute. But not everything is within the grasp of the individual either. Ontological idealism is extremely flawed.
I literally bullet pointed it for you do and each point was like 2 sentences at most. That's extremely concise. You're just too stupid to grok it. Expected. And you formulate your opinions on your own and yet your actions and your active support of a president who has consistently increased the power of the executive branch,your ramped up spending on war more than any previous president, consistently disrespect separation of powers and uses private office for his own personal corrupt financial gain demonstrates where your loyalties lie. It's not that trump has a few positions you should disagree with. It's that he's easily the most authoritarian and nakedly corrupt statist to ever be in power. As I said at the beginning of this, you can't argue with a retard. So I'm done with this. I'm not wasting anymore of my time on a simpleton like you who can't even manage basic reading comphrension.
&gt;Every once in a while an unintended nugget of truth comes out of your mouth. Aaaaaand you just conceded that I was right about my initial point that started this whole interaction. Beautifully done sir 😘👌
Join the dsa
I know you said unintended. That's what makes it so beautiful. I set a rake on the ground and you stepped on it all by yourself. Yeah so thanks for the admission of defeat in your part. I'll take your white flag with pleasure.
Imagine thinking capitalism works in a world in which 20 million people die each decade from preventable but unprofitable reasons.
George was a democratic socialist smart guy
Check out the "play on Linux" project it's an all in one wine and steam installer that allows you to play pretty much all games on steam.
Please follow up by emphasizing to him you mean birthing room.
There is an ideological difference. People who self identify as "conservative" really do believe that climate change isn't real
He broke down stalinism not Marxism bud. The fact you don't understand the difference shows you don't know what you're talking about. Also I am not a Marxist. I'm an anarchist. But I understand the difference between stalinism which Orwell was opposed to, and Marxism more generally which is a much broader and far ranging general subject.
Dude of course I've read the book. Not only that but I've actually read his works in which he talks explicitly about his beliefs about socialism etc. Old major isn't Marxism, he's stalinism. Orwell said so himself in his private letters. [Read the hilighted text](https://i.imgur.com/XrjSKCe.jpg). Your high school lit teacher didn't explain that you because it would require a level of historical nuance that public schools won't allow. You're very uninformed on this subject and I suggest you at least read the relevant wiki articles on the subject: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Animal_Farm https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_socialism https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Orwell#views
You realize you saying stuff doesn't make it true right? That's not an argument. I literally gave you a direct quote from Orwell saying that it was about Stalin.
... You posted a thing saying you wanted a revolution...wat?the dsa is actually less extreme than your post because they only call for a political rather than literal revolution.
Cool bot though!
Which is exactly what you were proposing in your original post? Regardless no dsa chapter supports officially or unofficially armed rebellion. A few kooks showing up at a dsa meeting is no different than all the kooks who show up city townhalls all the time. An event that is open to the public can expect a few nutjobs. Which again doesn't seem to be a position much different than the position which you have advocated for so. I don't see what your problem is.
Orwell was a democratic socialist so it was indeed a criticism of stalinism but not of socialism in general.
Yes but also Orwell was himself a democratic socialist.
True but Orwell was a democratic socialist so its not really about socialism writ large. It's a critque of authoritarian stalinism.
Just admit you want war and get it over with.
Or how about you just default to "war is bad and the state often manufactures bullshit to justify it"?
Wtf is an "incel murder rapist kind of anarchist"? That's... A stereotype I've never heard of. Im literally the opposite of that except for the anarchist part. I'm a feminist, and near pacifist. Why would I want to watch someone blow up a Tanker? What I don't want is war under false pretenses because for the last 65 years we've had countless souls snuffed out just to further imperialist power.
Why does america even need to be involved in policing other countries exactly? Why can't we just tend to our own fields and let other countries tend their own. This "America world police" ideology has only ever been poison.
This is true. I was this way once. The turning point was piketty and Prodhoun
Is that real? How do I get one?
Have you heard of beaker browser? Its a decentralized p2p alternative to http.
Beaker browser has a new alternative to http that's p2p like torrents. It's neat. I think it still uses dns to some extent but it's hard to coordinate addresses with out some kind of repo.
Can people access those dns without special software?
But one would need to configure it right? It's not like I can use this for my public facing portfolio site right?
How exactly is patrolling international waters for pirates "self defense"? Enforcing international law isn't self defense, it's active enforcement.
We do. It's called "plastic". That's all wood glue is. Pva. Poly vinyl acetate
/r/redneckengineering
Why would someone choose that as way to stroke their ego?
Praise the phraise 🙏
So if you're operating off the nap then that means you only believe in retaliatory aggression right? Not pre emptive. Is that correct?
Cool thanks for the info! I'm a designer becoming a dev and I've still got a lot to learn on networking and backend type stuff.
Oh right yeah that makes sense. Is there ever a way to decentralize a human readable address? Is that something they're working on?
You could but it would require you to undergo a feeling of your dick being ripped open and then filled with viscera.
Turns out that's what most "smart" people do. We (as in humanity as a whole) just borrow ideas from one another and occasionally add some tiny new thing in top. Humans are cool
But like you're assuming that's the motive right? So why do you assume that's the motive?
The "we" in my statement was referring to humanity in general. What I'm saying is that "smart" people are really only part of the larger super-organism of humanity.
Okay fair, an investigation or whatever if fine but even so, as I understand these aren't even american ships and even if they were I think there are still additional obstacles this thing would have to clear before we could invoke self defense. The fact that so many "libertarians" seem to be trying to excuse a transparent attempt at manipulating the US into war again bothers me a great deal.
Counterpoint: your moral pluralism is not a coherent position. It's one which comes out of the inability to grapple with the difficulty of conflicting interpretations of reality.
Stances on morals are not the same things as personal taste preferences. Pluralism is a useful civic virtue but it's a garbage ethical one.
War is never black and white, but it is possible to say that one gray is darker than another gray.
Hi, do you or do you not believe that slavery was morally wrong? Simple question.
Something doesn't have to be "inherent" in order for people to make a decent judgement based on it.
fair! just wanted to make sure my original message wasn't arrogant sounding since it was worded somewhat vaguely.
One does not have to dig very deep to find the white supremacist ideology which underlay the Confederacy. It's well articulated in the [Cornerstone Speech](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornerstone_Speech) and echoed in multiple individual articles of secession by the individual Confederate states. That isn't propaganda. That's just history. Not as told by the victors, but as articulated by the people who themselves lost the civil war. And this of course does not mean that white supremacy doesn't underlay a great deal of the American tradition before and after the Civil War. One would be ignorant of history to think so. If there is a threat of propaganda it is the far more widespread belief in the [Lost Cause](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lost_Cause_of_the_Confederacy) mythology, which is ad hoc fabrication used to justify the active Statist oppression of an entire class of people in America and is still alive to this day.
I've literally never heard of Hasan and I don't care what cable news anchors say. So have no clue what you're pitching a fit about.
I'm a southerner too so I'm not speaking from some northerner chauvinist position. I also think that being defensive about the civil war because you feel like it gives people a reason to bad mouth your region is immature and ultimately not a healthy way to live your life. I think that the United States in its entirety was founded in the context of a white supremacist ideology and still to this day race realism remains the most common race ontological stance in America even amongst most black people and people who actively fight racism.
I believe that there are ideas worth fighting against. As do you. As you are yourself fighting against an idea right now. There is no neutral territory in which you can stand for nothing. By logical necessity you always take some kind of stance
What exactly about what I said is ignorant? The thing which you criticized me was already covered by my previous statements.
Do you believe that everything is an opinion? Do you believe that the shape of the earth is just opinion?
Around the point when you just kept going around telling people that all their replies were "just their opinion". You believe in objective reality right?
I'm just curious. It would give us a more direct way to discuss the issue. If you don't think slavery was wrong then there's no real point in us arguing about the confederate flag you know? Like if someone is an anarchist then it doesn't really make much sense to argue with them about the particularities of one regulation versus another. They don't agree with the fundamental set of premises which underlies that discussion. So if you don't think slavery was morally wrong then having an argument about the flag is pretty pointless. It would be better to discuss the more fundamental issue.
you shook
The idea that morality is not objective is.... like... just your opinion man. You assume that it's true, but there's a lot of good reasons to not assume that position. If you want to be a nihilist though, be my guest. Seems kind of pointless though. (budum tisch) Also science doesn't technically work on verification, it works on [falsification](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falsifiability). The distinction is a pretty important one in the history of philosophy of science.
All perceptions of reality are subjective. The reality beyond perception is objective. Subject, versus Object. Subject and object being parts of grammar. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object\_(grammar)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object_(grammar)) The subject is the thing which acts: The dog bites. dog is the subject. The object is the thing on which the subject acts: The dog bites Susan. Susan is the object. In the statement: I love icecream "I" is the subjective "icecream" is the object. The difference between subjective and objective is not merely about "opinions" because everything we have access to is opinions (IE perceptions) about the world outside our senses. Kant referred to this as the divide between ["phenomenon" and "noumenon"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noumenon). You can say that you believe that moral sentiments are merely phenomenon with no attached noumenon. Subjects with no objects. But that's not a foregone conclusion. You believe them to be, but that doesn't make it true, and you've clearly not thought very hard about this, so I suggest maybe you do a little more digging.
&gt;Got it, so the healthy way to live my life is to offer zero counter points and insult other people by calling them immature when I don’t agree with their perspective? What exactly did you want me to counterpoint? I don't see this as an argument, as far as I understood it we were having a discussion. Also I don't intend "immature" as an insult. What I mean is that I think it's not a useful or productive motivation to be driving your belief systems. It's reactionary, rather than thought through. I'm telling you this from personal experience. If there is a point of disagreement between us it's on the relative danger of Lost Cause ideology versus people demonizing the South. I don't really care much about that disagreement because I don't think we've even really established our baseline of facts, as demonstrated by the below. &gt;Actively fighting any kind of discrimination starts with understanding it. Agreed which is why I think it's important to acknowledge historical realities. &gt;Taking the stance that the entirety of America was founded on white supremacist ideology with no other contributing factor is the exact kind of language that political parties use to divide this country into more manageable groups. You're operating defensively here. But you're also historically ignorant. And don't take that as an insult. It's not. We are all ignorant of many things. Ignorance just means "lacking knowledge". I'm ignorant of a lot of things. The sooner one let's go of ego on those issues the better off you'll be. [[Here's a good wiki article that goes over the historical concept of race]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical_race_concepts) [[Here's an article that goes through the science of race]](https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Racialism) I recommend you check these out because, as I said, most people, even black people and people who decry racism are usually not very aware of the historical development of the idea of race. In summary though: Race doesn't exist. It's a social category with no meaningful or biological basis and hasn't been used by biologists for at least 50 or 60 years. It's pseudoscience, like astrology or alchemy, which sprung out of the misunderstandings of early science. It's bullshit.
There's nothing fundamentally "southern" about the confederate flag. You know that's not the actual flag of the confederacy right?
&gt;There shouldn't need to be any "but" to that statement. You're a &gt; &gt;liar. Okay fine, how about this then? I fully oppose US intervention world politics. In fact that's probably one longest held political convictions and it's through that belief that I became an anarchist And one can oppose American war and also oppose the false ahistorical narrative of The Lost Cause too. In fact the two play into one another, as fundamentally a big part of the underlying ideology justifying war has nationalist and racial chauvinism. The and actually fits better since what I said in the second part isn't really diminishing said in the first. &gt; It's literally impossible for racism to exist if race doesn't exist. You need to prove that statement. Right now you're just committing a fallacy of assertion.
&gt; What do my personal opinions on slavery have to do with it? We're discussing whether the Confederate flag is *objectively* a symbol of slavery. That's not what I was discussing. I'm making a deeper argument than that. I'm saying your justifications rely on a pluralist "that's just your opinion" style argument which isn't really all that useful. Yes obviously of course no symbol is inherently anything. A piece of clothe can't inherently stand for something. That would be nonsense. To push this further though, while symbols do not have "inherent" meaning, where do they derive their meaning? Yous say: &gt; You want to ascribe hate, racism, and slavery to a certain symbol? Okay fine, that's your prerogative. But guess what, I choose to ascribe another meaning to it. So to you, you think that symbols get their meaning from the individual using the symbol. But this is not true either. Rather, symbols, and language more broadly derive their meaning from "community use". This is a phrase coined by the philosopher Wittgenstein. Here's a short video explaining it. It's a bit silly in it's presentation but it does a good job of visualizing and explaining the idea concisely: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmwgmt7wcv8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmwgmt7wcv8) Words functional "mean" whatever people as a community use them to mean. It's a social construct. You can choose to use the word "cat" to refer to a four legged animal that moos and has udders and horns but the fact is that word "cat" doesn't "mean" that to majority of people. Historically speaking, the confederate flag arose out of the revival of the KKK. That's a fact. It also has been used as a symbol of "southern identity" in part because "southern identity" has been saddled with the continuing legacy of slavery and racism. There may have been a point and time in which one could have kept the "southern" meaning to the symbol without the "slavery and racism" part but at this point it's pretty much impossible. I think in large part it's pretty much impossible because the people who have continued to use the symbol are those who are least bothered with it's immoral associations and therefore it has become further and further wedded to those ideas. No indian person goes around Germany with a swatiska for similar reasons. Because despite it's meaning in one context, it's meaning in a new context is simply too powerful and overwhelming. All in all, symbols are just symbols. They're not the thing which is being symbolized. So if you want some kind of symbol of southern pride then you can just make up a new one you know? Someday maybe people won't be weirded out by people having a Chaplin mustache, but we're not there yet. \--------- Also side note: There's nothing wrong with "southern pride" but "white pride" directly comes out of the ideology of race realism and IS inherently racist. Race itself as a concept is one which was created as a justification for imperialist oppression. It's not a biologically or scientifically sound idea and scientists don't use it as a concept for a reason, not because they are driven by PC culture but because it's simply bad science. It's bullshit like astrology or alchemy etc. It should be dispensed with.
&gt;But I'll say that there is also elements of oppressive hierarchy and white supremacy which underlays the foundations of the US as a whole too. epicted as being racist and because of that, It's depicted that way because the underlying ideology and motivation of the confederacy's secession WAS based in white supremacist ideology. I don't know if I already posted this but you just have to look at things like the [Cornerstone Speec](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornerstone_Speech)h to see that. To quote it: " \[I\]ts foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests upon the great truth, that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery—subordination to the superior race—is his natural and normal condition. This, our new government, is the first, in the history of the world, based upon this great physical, philosophical, and moral truth " But I'll say that there is also elements of oppressive hierarchy and white supremacy which underlays the foundations of the US as a whole too. Furthermore the white supremacist ideology of both the US and the confederacy were born out of at a more fundamental level the economic systems which surrounded them. Ironically, this viewpoint is best articulated by Marx in his concept of "material conditions". Basically his idea is that people do what ever they have to do to preserve themselves because that's imply the nature of any lifeform. We strive to survive and propagate ourselves even if, much like cancer in the body, doing so ends up destroying ourselves. I'm an anarchist, not a marxist, but I still think his concept of materialism is useful: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical\_materialism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical_materialism) Ultimately why did people rape and pillage other countries? Because they could. Even today, our society is built on a mountain of skulls, which is one thing most people don't like admitting.
&gt;It's axiomatic. That's just you being lazy and refusing to actually use your brain. But here, axioms can be disproven after all. Can someone be biased against someone because of their religion? Can I be biased against you because of the nation you come from? Can I be biased against you because of your gang affiliation? Or because of the brand of jeans you wear? These are all man made concepts, just like race. They're completely arbitrary. They aren't "real" in any meaningful physical sense. And yet people use these kinds of things to judge people all the time.
Do you know how that flag became popularized? It was adopted by the KKK in the 1920s after there was a resurgence in activity. The issue isn't that the confederate flag is confederate. It's that it was popularized specifically for racial terror. If I walked into a wal-mart with a black scarf around my face and yelled "Alluh Akbar!" then it would make perfect sense if people panicked. But Alluh Akbar just means "Praise God" yeah? But in that context, the intended meaning is clear.
Sorry, but guilt by association logic arguments only function if one is making a propositional logic syllogism but that's not what I'm doing. I'm making an argument about the relationship between sign and signifier as a cultural artifact.
&gt;Okay. &gt; &gt;https://duckduckgo.com/?q=confederate+black&amp;t=brave&amp;iax=images&amp;ia=images&amp;iaf=color%3Acolor &gt; &gt;Good thing the rebel flag isn't a white supremacist flag, obviously. What exactly does that prove? That black people fought in the confederacy? .... duh. So? Black as well as white people can believe in race realism and white/black supremacy. There's white people out there who believe that blacks are a superior race to whites. So this point completely fails. &gt;I've never made "race realism" a big thing of mine because it just doesn't really interest me and I don't want to invest the effort of researching and double-checking all of the data. I tend to try to focus more on things like moral arguments. I do think race is biological, obviously, since humans are biological, and it doesn't make sense how traits like skin color can solely be socially constructed when they're objectively observable, but, again, I don't have a strong opinion on it. Quick question. What race is this dude? [[picture here]](https://static.seattletimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/d83ccfd4e55e44558b6b770437645f36-1334x1099.jpg). Both his parents are black if that's relevant.
I'm not trying to prove that someone with a flag on their lawn is racist. I'm making an argument about what a symbol means in general society. Symbols are not personal. They're based on "community use". You ever heard of Wittgenstein? [[Here's a short kind of dorky video that does a good job of explaining his ideas about language]](https://youtu.be/zmwgmt7wcv8) Language isn't personal. It's communally determined. If you decided to start calling four legged animals with udders and horns that go moo a "cat" then you're going to be unable to communicate with people. Language is by it's nature fundamentally determined by a set of shared rules. Your personal feelings about a word aren't particularly relevant to what a word "means".
&gt;That is why I prioritize things that cause real-world harm over hurt feelings in my hierarchy of priorities. Beliefs and ideologies do cause real world harm. It's one reason why I oppose ALL flags, not just the confederate flag. &gt;Gee, and we once communally determined that blacks were property and that all "da Jooz" should be rounded up and forcibly relocated somewhere else. It's almost like this is why absolute democracy is a bad idea, or something! You're getting confused. You really should watch that video I linked. The concept of community use in language has nothing to do with democracy. It's literally just how language works, even before Homo Sapiens existed probably. Language is a function of the exchange of symbols between creatures. You can not rely on personal meaning when talking about the weight which symbols have. Like you might as well be complaining about how a unified hyper text transfer protocol was somehow an example of absolute democracy. You're talking nonsense. Seriously listen to that video. Wittgenstein is an actual philosopher who had no interest in social justice issues and the way that he helped to clarify the nature of language is easily one of the most important philosophical breakthroughs in human history.
&gt; No, the focus is on the contemporaries. That's why I even made sure to sort it by "Full Color Only". Still missing the point though. &gt; You have provided literally zero evidence that every single person who identifies with the flag does so for this reason, though. I'm not trying to prove that, as I've said. I think personal motivations are in this case ultimately not really all that important. &gt; Okay that's enough BLACKED shitposting for you tonight. I have no clue what this even means. &gt;You do realize this actually undermines your point, right? "Traits like skin color" isn't an all-encompassing list and albinos are still typically phenotypically identifiable, to my knowledge. Answer the question bud. What race is that guy? Also I'm not arguing that there are not phenotypical or genotypical differences between individuals. I'm trying to get you to dig deeper into this idea here.
Same here. It also helped to see that leftists had more empathy and understanding for white men in poverty than coastal liberals.
This place just becomes a breeding ground for tankies. Legit have been worries by the number if tankies completely destroying discourse lately. Edit: the above was a bad lazy take on my part. I should have put out my full thought process which I do below. Basically I think the whole slagging anarchists as "never reading theory" is total bunk and harmful to the discourse of the sub. I think this intellectual hipsterism is similar to what happens in alt right gateways where people try to constantly out do each other to prove how "pure" and "real" they are. It's the same thing that people do in music scenes too and it's childish and toxic.
Yup. There's a big element of social darwininism on the right. Kinda weird that the Christian evangelicals spend so much time talking about SD being a liberal idea when the only people I hear openly advocating for it are right wingers.
This whole "anarchists don't read theory durr hurr" meme is fucking stupid. Not only do I read theory (I'm currently reading a series of articles on the different approaches for and against the integration of democracy and anarchy), but I also read actual philosophy. Unlike all those tankies who can't even discuss ontology, teleology, or epistemology to save their life. So knick it off. It's a fucking tired talking point used as a crutch to make yourself feel better. I was at a leftist centric party and there was one guy there who kept trying to show off how much Marx he knew and it was the most fucking dweebish neckbeard thing in the world. They dude couldn't even keep his ideology about metaphysical materialism straight. Don't be that guy.
Give a real answer. Quit fucking around. I'm engaging with you in good faith instead of just calling you a fascist so maybe be real for once.
Oh so now the problem is that I'm too theoretical for you? The reality is that theory and practice are not separate things. They're part of a larger whole. Praxis. What I'm tired of is people using their new found understanding like intellectual hipsters to try and beat down other people. And you know reading something like Wittgenstein every once in awhile wouldn't hurt anybody. In fact it privides a frame to discuss leftist ideas in a more meaningful way. The incestuous inbreeding of only reading 4 authors who all reference each other isn't healthy. It warps your perceptions. That's one reason one of my favorite leftist writers right now is MacIntyre because of how he examined Marx through an Aristotlian virtue ethics lens. And that's immensely applicable to the realities of class struggle because it helps me understand class struggle not just as an abstraction but as something which applies to my personal life in a very real way.
That seems apt. I find a lot of hardcore marxist LARPers are just privileged white kid libs in recovery. There's lots of sick people in the hospital. The important thing to me is that we're in this together and trying to build each other up. What I'm tired of is all the people always trying to bash people down over misperceptions of people's intake of "theory" (which I put in quotes because reading a few chapters of Stalin or Lenin doesn't make you a super genius and in fact many anarchists do read theory, they just don't read the shit that tankies consider canon)
Knew that was coming.
What are you talking about dude? I never said anything about the metaphysical sense of self... Wiggensteins work has nothing to do with self. Nor MacIntyre. Also you realize that Marx came to his ideas by reading one of the most crazy out there woo woo philosophers, hegel right? You're like grasping at straw here dude. What are you even trying to prove? You invoked a tired cliche and got called on your shit.
I've thought about this a good bit being non neurotypical and most of my friends also being such. I think it's hard to say because, as a person with a disability, I do believe it's a disability. It's not simply a different way of being. We can deal with these issues in healthy ways, and being diagnosed with one of these illnesses is not a death sentence and shouldn't be stigmatized but denying that these things are disadvantages isn't helpful. If anything I dislike it when "allies" try and act like "oh you're fine. There's nothing wrong with you!". No it's not fine. It makes my life much harder and trying to treat it as normal just alienates me more. It feels almost like people take these stances because they simply don't want to face the fact that life is fragile and unjust and some people get the short end of the stick for absolutely no good reason. And I think that in some ways the reason why alt right people get called cr*zy is because it's getting at a problem in the current discourse. This problem has been around for all Yuma history. Fundamentally it's that humans are unable to fully overcome the gap of subjectivity which divides us. This is then further exacerbated by 1) dysfunctional communication skills 2) physically barriers to processing that gap. The alt right in particular I think is an outgrowth of these issues. They lack the skills to overcome this gap and furthermore I think many lack the physical ability to even understand a gap is there. Psychopathy isn't a way of denigrating a "different way of being neurolgically". It's actually point to a physical problem which can't just be overcome with education. I'm still trying to process the idea here but maybe that gets the fist across. Fundamentally I think it's an existential problem. Secondly I think it's a systemic and physical problem. Also I think even if we choose to not use craz as a slur then we would still need some kind of word which referred to "unglued from reality but in a non clinical sense".
And I'm Christian anarchist. Can I join the team?
No one is arguing that a cultural group is inherently racist. Certainly not I. In fact quite the opposite. linguistic philosophy defines what it means to exchange symbols and its relevant to how we talk about what nationality, race, and flags even mean.
Not looking to start an argument but if I can offer my perspective and get your feedback on it that would be helpful for me because I want to learn on these issues if I'm missing things. I honestly want a friendly exchange here because I want to have a better understanding of the issues. I agree that the breadbook does not put forth a material analysis, but to me this is not the point. It offers instead a moral argument for the issue. And while Marx conceives of his analysis as material I think it fails at that and functions much better as a moral critique. Specifically I am skeptical of Marx's use of it to account for the tendency of the rate of profit to fall. From my own reading it seems that classical economists have a much better explanation of that process (high margins lead to new actors entering the market which drives down prices eventually till you get to a stasis point where capital (as in raw materials for production) and labor input equals price. What I think the classical economists get wrong is that do not acknowledge the ways in which capitalists seek to prevent this tendency via exploitation, regulatory capture, and monopoly. Well they sometimes acknowledge it but they under estimate it's power and they completely ignore the moral argument against it. This does not mean I don't believe in historical materialism. I do, after a fashion. But specifically ltv seems like a poor explanation for things like the falling rate of profit. There seems to be a muddling between "why" things happen mechanically and the fundamental nature of value. Marx even seems to draw this distinction himself when he makes a distinction between exchange value/price and true value. Labor is arguably the source of true value but price is marginal. I don't understand how it can't be. I truly want to understand the Marxist ltv position but I don't get it.
They didn't provide a definiton as they are only measuring self identification and you can't really define those words in a way that would have a wife enough agreement amongst people. Ultimately these labels are personal.
Henry George is what radicalized me and I think I'm some ways one could easily interpret his work in socialist ways.
Are you anti Vax? I like to check up on people I'm talking to in order to guage their level of good faith but I'm just curious.
You underestimate the power of being rich has in preserving a man's life. Plus the dude is fat but he doesn't strike me as physically frail. Just mentally.
Anarchist actually but commie is fine too.
The amount of money is considered justified by insurance companies (in America) that pay for it because they see the benefits outweighing the costs. That's why insurance companies basically give it away for free. Plus being sick from flue itself has productivity costs in national gdp that are large enough to justify it.
Venzeula isn't anarchist... So... What's your point?
Thank you for responding. v4l2-ctl isn't showing up as a command in my terminal. Should I install it? what exactly is it? EDIT: Went ahead and installed it and got the following: \&gt;Failed to open /dev/video0: No such file or directory
[https://imgur.com/cZ8eeps](https://imgur.com/cZ8eeps) It's called video capture source but when I open it up I see no options, which is how I could usually tell if I was getting signal etc.
TIL that I'm basically a lesbian.
Fuck em up deejay! Yeah! (zero sarcasm here. Just trying to be encouraging :))
What about screensavers?
10 years ago I was playing Smash Brothers Melee. Now I'm playing smash Brothers ultimate....
Awesome, thanks I'll try this!
I saw mention of the constant rate factor but wasn't really clear on how that worked. What exactly is it, and what would you recommend as a setting for it?
Yeah, that was it. The usb port I was plugging into wasn't working. I couldn't figure out why because while it's a case front port, it plugs directly into the mobo via SATA and it's USB 3.0 so I didn't get why it wasn't working. I recently put everything in a new case that I built out of wood, and as such the area of the mobo where I have to plug into is very cramped and doesn't work with the capture card, but thankfully I found a workaround.
I wish more women also felt this way. I need to move out of a red state. Some women here in Texas identify as feminist but it's pretty regressive overall, even in a supposedly "liberal" city like Austin. Can't count the number of times I've seen "buy me brunch!" as the only thing in a girl's bio. It's legit sad.
Whatcha mean by "make compromises on physical attractiveness'? I mean are you just saying that they're not all Slovenian models? Because I feel like it's kinda rough to say that women with brains or ambition necessarily have to be plain. I try to be a balanced human personally.
That's why I try to be as much of a loser as possible. It's a test! 😆🤣😭
They do and they don't. In a way we all do and we all don't. That's just how society works. Shits all fucky and no one wants to take the blame. The mature thing is to focus on your own ability to make things better. I've learned when someone talks about patriarchy to not take it personally because how could I? Shits fucked man!
She's not taking into account the capital she's using up by doing that job though. Bad accounting skills brah
Bud, things are pretty different than they were in the 70s. You should maybe wake up to reality.
Internet is now required to do pretty pretty any paperwork or apply for jobs. I can't pay my bills except by the internet. You realize indoor plumbing also used to not be a thing right? Are you suggesting that poor people should just live in shacks like they do in the favelas?
Just because an act demonstrates virtue doesn't mean the system which created the system in the first place is a smart or just one.
So you're saying if they can't earn enough to get out of favelas and they aren't given any charity they should then... Just live in favelas? Like you gotta at least face up to the logically consequences if what you're saying. Just own it my dude.
Yes that's their whole point. It does start earlier than when they're before a judge. That's WHY the issue of poverty needs to be addressed.
To discount a fact because the person saying it has demonstrated emotion is just as illogical as accepting a fact because the user who has said it displays emotion. Emotion is arrational. It is not rational. But it is also not inherently irrational either. It is merely how our brains heuristically process the world.
People traffic drugs because it makes money. Money which they lack. Drugs are a symptom of the underlying material conditions.
Poverty is the disease. Over representation is the symptom.
Go read Pikettys book Capital in the 21st century and then get back to me. Your lack of education in economics is showing. For one you don't seem to understand basic shit like local purchasing power or currency exchange rates.
There were citations. You were just letting your own emotions cloud your vision and then trying to pass it off as their problem. Ever heard of the term "psychological projection"?
Cool thanks. I'll check it out.
Fair enough. We're actually pretty closely aligned. I'm also highly influenced by Henry George. But if you agree with a lvt what's your point then? The logic which underlies a geolibertarian system is the same one which underlies the argument that people deserve a living wage. If anything it's more radical than the living wage argument because it removes the work requirement from the equation. Instead of saying "all people who work deserve to be well compensated for their work" it says "all people hold in common an inheritance from their ancestors. We all are given a gift which none of us work for and we all have a right to a share in that." Have you ever read The Bread Book?
How'd you pay for undergrad? How much did you pay? I had 75% of my tuition covered by scholarship and it still cost me 30k. It was actually cheaper for me to go to a fancy private school on scholarship than to go to a state school. Did your parents contribute to your undergrad?
Bud, if you're going to say stuff you should be willing to back it up. That's like... Basic.
Oh wait... When you said you supported yourself while in school you meant you paid your rent. Not that you paid for your college via working a part time job?
I'm not Mike the other guy you're talking to but the thing I'm criticizing you for is a serious lack of self awareness and ability to self criticize here. You were wrong. You admit that. And yet after admitting that you still frame the other person's argument as being emotional when in fact it's clear it is in fact you who is operating off of an arrational basis.
It is possible but is "possible" a reasonable bar to hold?
Define "settle"? What problem are these two options trying to solve in the first place?
Please explain the joke so I can steal this witty line for the next party I go to.
Is he the one who got a hole in his anus so he had daily enemas and stuff?
Yeah. A lot of rich people. And they suffer no consequences. Who exactly do you think is buying all that fish scale cocaine at Coachella?
Could you tell me who are the political parties y'all are against? I'm an ignorant american and know nothing about European politics.
It's what the alt right is into these days. They think that by talking like babies they can deflect criticism. See frenworld which recently got banned.
Yup can confirm. He's trolling. [https://i.imgur.com/HVMH8XJ.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/HVMH8XJ.jpg)
🎶🎵Under dah sea🎵🎶
Nah. I'm a leftist who has been subbed here for a long time. But some of y'all have been in whack denial about Clinton for awhile now.
How does one define conservative? It's inherently relative right? And I'd say Bill Clinton was more conservative than his predecessors. His vector is not progressive.
For one, I think it's fair to say that she performed poorly as a candidate for reasons other than brocialists.
Admittedly I am talking about the Clintons as an item and I know that aren't but they operate as a unit together politically. I don't think that neoliberal get's Clinton wrong on policy, but on politics.
Non sequitur brah
250k last I checked.
Not to be a pedant but I think you mean ontological
Climate change denial is the official position of the GOP though.
Uh... I like pks work but he's not doing journalism. He's aggregating links and giving a summary. Thats not producing original reporting and all his stuff has validity precisely because he links back to mainstream media sources who have done the actual difficult expensive work of reporting on stuff.
Depends on who you read. Vox is also an aggregator and they tend to have better coverage because they can focus more on presentation. Reporting is hard because you're getting very small chunks of information at a time.
Man y'all some bootlickers huh?
Dude sounds like he's got life figured out
In reality I think the whole point of Jesus' message was precisely that the world was not just. His enemies would accuse sick people like lepers of being unclean and blind people of somehow being punished by God but Jesus preached that all people had done bad, nobody was good, and because of that the only way to solve things was through unconditional grace and forgiveness. The modern day followers of Jesus are fundamentally opposed to his actual teachings. He predicted that too though.
They could have autism.
Pretty obvious troll man
Urgent care clinics don't shit. They really just cover extremely basic stuff. Anything that requires actual nurses you have to go to er for.
Sarcasm? Maybe I'm wrong? My experience going to them was being told to go to the er.
That's what the vp is for. I only care if his age means he's got dementia but I don't see that being an issue
Giving asylum isn't a new law. It's been international law since before wwii and it's history in US law goes back to English common law centuries before that. You may have been unaware that this is how the system has always worked but this how the system has always worked.
Best explanation. [Manufactured consent. ](http://www.openculture.com/2017/03/an-animated-introduction-to-noam-chomskys-manufacturing-consent.html)
Considering her record on poc defendants I think she should be worried then
Her apology was a lot more like a "I'm sorry you were offended"
&gt;My point is that lack of immigration enforcement leads to more fraudulent asylum claims This is a testable hypothesis and you need to present data to empirically back up that claim in order for it to be valid. So prove it.
Blood draws and tests are not the kind of thing that anyone would go to the er for so it isn't really relevant to this conversation.
Isnt senior moment just an archaic way of referring to dementia/cognitive decline?
&gt;I'm not publishing in a peer-reviewed journal, so no, I don I mean... You could just do some research and find a journal article that demonstrates your conclusion. I'm not asking you to do it yourself. I'm asking you "what evidence do you have that this is true other than your own feelings?" &gt;Then the obvious route into the US is to cross illegally and, if caught at the border, say you are seeking asylum. Sorry bud. You've confused a logically valid syllogism for a logically sound one. If you want your position to have even an inkling of merit then you've got to demonstrate soundness too: https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/281208/what-is-the-difference-between-a-sound-argument-and-a-valid-argument This isn't my opinion. It has nothing to do with poltics. This is literally just basic logic. You've made a totally understandable error but it's still a clear error.
I never denied they did tests. I don't think my urgent care is shitty its just not the same as an er.
It depends on how you define sound though. The conventional definition though means that a tree falling doesn't make a sound. It makes vibrations. Sound refers to the phenomenon of perception of vibrations. That's why we say "he was so stealthy he didn't make a sound". He made vibrations but they were too soft for human perception.
U mad huh?
The article isn't a distro. It's just a concept piece. I don't think it can actually be used.
Cool, thanks I've decided to make one. I'll call it /r/shellUX since it's really not about linux specifically, per se
it was more like "I want Flash?!? Why won't Flash work!!!" I've always liked linux from afar at least in it's ethos, but becoming a dev cemented it for me. Also UX has improved so much in the linux world from just 10 years ago.
I think I will! I'll call it /r/shellUX though so it's more general.
"I shouldn't have used those words" is not the same as "I pushed a narrative which is fundamentally based in a toxic ideology". Her entire world view is fundamentally based on this idea of buying into and believing in meritocracy. It's an immoral and unsustainable view of the world.
It's built using ruby and unfortunately doesn't work with the current version of ruby last time I checked so trying to use it is kind of a pain and it was a little hard for me to totally understand the controls. It's got some neat ideas though.
Fair point. I think I acknowledged basically the same thing elsewhere in the thread.
Hey this sounds like a good solution. Something I'm not clear on though is what remuxing is exactly? I'm honestly not totally sure I understand the difference between containers and codecs and stuff. Like with jpeg, it's just a jpeg. That's the file type, there's no underlying codec to my knowledge. But with video and audio there is a difference between the file type and the codec?
Autism is a spectrum so it's possible to think of it as a tendency latent in all people that has different degrees of expression. Same way that everyone can get depressed, but clinical depression is the line we draw when it begins to interfere with a person's life enough for us to dustinguish it.
I don't know much about stirner but I've been doing some thinking lately and I'd be curious to get your probably much more informed thoughts? It makes sense to me to refer to some things as spooks. People get tied up in ideology all the time and those thugs seem like they're just ideas that people impose on material reality. But applying this consistently seems to raise issues. In some sense, any name we give to a thing is really just a way if abstracting out a pattern from the larger whole of reality. Like you know the pile/heap or beard paradox? Well we just impose states if "beardness" and "clean-shaven" onto a reality which is actually all a particular whole. In that way I could see someone saying that "beards are a spook". Not that what a beard is made of is a spook but that the category of beardness is one which is ultimately just an idea, and under a pure materialist ontology wouldn't be considered real. But it seems to me pretty absurd to say that beards aren't real. Which is one reason why I've also been getting into Aristotlian hylomorphism lately and it seems to me a rational non supernaturalist approach to treating metaphysical objects as real. But how can one distinguish spooks from actual "soul"? (look up hylomorphism if you're not following me. Basically Ari argues that all things are matter and form. So a ball of metal has the matter of metal and the form of a ball. A ball isn't a ghost which inhabits the metal, it's just a metaphysical description of its form. Ari then extends this out to refer to a human soul. Humans are made up of all these parts as matter and the "soul" is the form of the person. It's not like a ghost or whatever. It just refers to the pattern of parts over time. It's basically a way of solving the ship of theseus (sp?) problem) Is there a meaningful difference between a spook and the metaphysical form?
That's just abdicating your responsibility to fix your fuck up.
You don't owe subsistence is a really fucking Hayekian take there bud.
Not according to piketty.
Adam smith was in favor of that too. Funny how "classical liberals" always forget all the parts of Smith that's inconvenient.
She's arguing for changes in policy bud. That's why she's speaking publicly. She's attempting to use her status to push for change. It's amazing how many people use the term virtue signal and don't even understand its origin in evolutionary biology. Y'all just yack yack a bunch of regurgitated lines. Fucking botlike
You say 3.6 enough but the question I have is "why?". What's your proof or logic? Also taxation is not merely about generating revenue for the government but about disincentivizing the concentration if wealth in the first place.
Maybe she shouldn't have it then eh? Adam Smith aka "the godfather of capitalism" believed in a 100% wealth tax.
Talking about anything being "double taxed" shows a basic illiteracy if how Fiat currency works. For fucks sake dude.
Just to plays devil's advocate : Why should I care about small businesses? It's a sacred cow in American politics. But why should I give a shit? Last I checked we believed in a free market where effeciency was rewarded. If small businesses can't compete at the scale of large businesses then shouldn't they die as evolutionary unfit?
Personally I'm rooting for the robots. Robot comes from the Czech word for slave. Maybe they'll learn from our mistakes once they've freed themselves.
Pretty weak argument you got there.
What fallacies am I making exactly? I'm agreeing with you dude! She doesn't know the value of what she inherited because she didn't work for it.
Dude I've been using crypto since before there were any alt coins. I bought and sold btc when it was at 2 dollars a coin. Large amounts of capital can't be easily converted to crypto. Also Hillarys "surprise" loss merely shows how illiterate some people were about how stats actually worked. If you think that somehow invalidates the epistemological validity of empiricism then you're simply ignorant of basic math.
Jokes are funny when people feel safe and a lot of people don't feel safe about Sanders getting anywhere near the presidency.
&gt;First of all, minimum wage laws wouldn't exist in a free market. We don't have anything even close to a free market. Depends on how you define a "free market" though. Many people are under the incorrect assumption that "free market" means "free from regulation" but in fact the term as used by economists and academics refers to a market which is "free of distortion and externalization of costs".
Never said it proved it right. We can demonstrate that the Disney hieress saying something doesn't make it true purely by the fact that, that would be an argument from authority. So.... yeah... no one is saying this proves anything.
China isn't the US my dude. Let me rephrase my position though for clarity: Large amounts of US capital markets can't be easily converted to crypto without incurring taxation or raising alarms.
No worries! I got to learn something new today :)
Haha nah that makes sense. Another thing I would add is that a beard may be an abstraction of a kind but even the subatomic particles themselves are abstractions of a kind. If I'm understanding quantum field theory correctly, sub atomic particles are understood to be "waves" in their respective fields. So an electron isn't a particle, it's a wave which we quantize like a particle. The "electron" itself isn't a discrete reality, it's just an excitation of a field, in the same way that a "wave" of water isn't actually a thing distinct from water, but rather it's a pattern of excitation which moves through the water. Heisenberg even said as much about atoms: &gt;"The ontology of materialism rested upon the illusion that the kind of existence, the direct ‘actuality’ of the world around us, can be extrapolated into the atomic range. This extrapolation, however, is impossible…Atoms are not things" Is it possible to believe in idealism and materialism at the same time? Thinking over it, I think in the end this division between idealism and materialism is itself a bit of a spook, haha It's good to think about but also the issue as we're getting down to it kind of comes down to a truth that people have taken as common sense for thousands of years: Perception is tricky. It's not useless, and it's necessary to find patterns where you can because they do have some relation to reality, but also... don't trust it too much because you've got the perception and nothing else. It's not that the world is all material or all ideas, but that material and ideas are just different levels of looking at things. A nation state is a real thing, but it's also an idea. Your "self" is a real thing, but it's also an idea. There is no true hard and fast line between these two?
Might be because of how poorly we invest in our population. Also inflation is something that Greenspan himself admitted he was overly cautious on. He's basically recanted that as fearmongering left over from the 70s stagflation. You also realize we're basically in a deflationary period right?
&gt;Both your monopoly and true cost stance would require extreme regulation to work properly. A product or service is only worth as much as someone is willing to pay for it. This is why competition sets the market price. You're shortcircuiting your brain here. It's a bit like when you're talking to someone, like you know, you bring up football and they starting telling you about how their favorite player is Michael Jordan so you say: "uh... Michael Jordan played basketball and baseball... he didn't play football" And they're... well they're embarrassed or confused. Maybe they mispoke and didn't realize they said Michael Jordan or maybe they thought Brett Favre was named Michael Jordan for some reason, who knows. But the important thing is they don't know what to say so they just kinda steam roll right over it and just keep chugging away talking about how it was so cool how he won the Superbowl last year... because like what else are they doing to do? Admit they were confused or wrong? Humans don't like doing that if you haven't noticed. That's what you just did there. You don't seem to have understood what I said, because it doesn't fit within the typical talking points you're used to arguing online, so you just passed right over it and kept talking the points you knew to stick to. You're not thinking about what I'm saying. Stop and think and take this in a critical fashion. The *whole point* of what I'm saying is that a market can not set a price via competition **if there's no competition**. If you have a monopoly then competition is impossible. That's the whole point dude. Internalization of costs is also necessary for a free market. AND *this isn't just my opinion*. This is fucking economics 101. It's the shit they teach you in school. It's basic ass shit. [[Here's the wiki article on externalities]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Externality#Supply_and_demand_diagram), which is what one calls externalized costs. I linked you the specific part of the article that talks about the way externalities is calculated as part of the supply/demand curve. If you don't internalize costs then the price will be distorted and the very basis of the "free market" won't be free. Does this often take regulation? YES. But again, **this is how the term is used by actual professional economists**. It does not refer to *free from regulation* it refers to *free from distortion*. It's how the term developed historically from Adam Smith till now. The GOP in the 80s pushed a lot of stupid ass propaganda trying to convince people that it only referred to freedom from regulation but that's not how economist have used the term, except for a small sect of heterodox economists called the Austrian School who were basically run by a lunatic who didn't believe in empiricism. &gt;If I run a business, rather than keep the profits and pay lots of taxes and/or give shareholder handouts through dividends, I can save money on taxes by expanding my business by investing in a larger factory. You realize that this is part of why marginal taxes were so high in the 50s right? Because it forced companies to reinvest in their workforce. &gt;Can you show me any co-op company that does this also? Yes. Pretty much all co-ops. Co ops actually have much better rates of self investment than shareholder based corps because as the workers all hold shares in the continued existence of the venture. https://www.thenation.com/article/worker-cooperatives-are-more-productive-than-normal-companies/
It has to do with a compression technique called p frames and k frames. Look it up its actually pretty neato.
You're important too. Putting people in hierarchies is bad. Idk ig you're religious, most people aren't on reddit, but I think it's worth acknowledging that's what Jesus's whole schtik was.
We get it. You're cool. Congrats.
The only good way to say the first decade of the 2000s is "the aughts".
Food/crops is a long way off. The amount of surplus we create of agriculture and thst we stock up is insane. Literally the American government has something like 500 million pounds of cheese in barrels in caves in storage in case of emergency. It's insane. Food is a solved problem. Climate change is going to be an issue more for weather I think.
Capitalism always seeks its own end. This is the nature of its contradiction.
ya'll taking the bait so easy. This shit is fake as fuck dude.
Is that guillotines I hear in the distance?
This guy has to be a troll. No one is this dumb.
Okay we get it dude. You're trolling people by making bad arguments on purpose. Very funny.
Ground of being is legit philosophy. It's derived from Paul Tillich. I'm a Christian anarchist and panentheist. Jp is just a limp handed impersonations of better men's work.
No actually there are a lot of different ways in which "God" can be defined. I hate jp but you're not really up on this particular part of philosophy. Check out the article on panentheism and ignosticism to see some alternative paradigms.
Empathy is a form of thought. The artificial division between thought and feeling imposed on our culture is both anti intellectual and anti empathy, when taken to its fundamental root. Dividing the two is a bad prior. Leads to very silly conclusions and doesn't match empirical evidence.
Not necessarily. Depends on what population you are appealing to.
Actually I think conservatives evangelicals would be less scared of bernie. He's an old Jewish dude. Kind of grumpy. He doesn't give off a Hollywood vibe which is what they really object to. It's culture war nonsense but that's the real root I think
I saw the original conversation on twitter. Dude was probably in his late 30s maybe 40s. But the person he was replying to was also in his 30s and a web developer, so it's still really dumb haha
That's just called slack now.
sounds like you have a lot of privilege that enabled you to take risks that no normal people should take.
Well then bless your stars for getting very lucky but the kinds of risk you took are not a reasonable or smart life plan for people to choose in general. Gambling is gambling now matter how you square it.
kinky
Call them Sanderinistas
ok boomer
That's coping man.
The dude has no real coherent sentiment. He was a shit head trying to start fights by throwing out random rebuttals to arguments never made. He wasn't making any kind of larger more meaningful argument about the relationship between consumerism and technological literacy. In fact the person he was arguing with originally was giving him shit for being technologically illiterate which is what triggered him to go off on his rant. Most of the bragging he was doing wasn't even that impressive anyway. Like some pretty lame script kiddie shit. Bragging about how big his botnet was etc.
No one is targeting you. It's just people disagree with you and they are expressing it to you. That's part of being on the internet. People will state they disagree with you, espc in a sneer sub like this.
I'm a bernie voter and I like Vox, 538, The Guardian, NPR, Salon, Slate, Current Affairs, The Hill, Mother Jones, the Economist, and Market Watch. Though if I'm honest I mostly just follow individual journalists on Twitter.
Elizabeth Marren you mean right?
Loop me in?
Do more than vote. Organize! Join a union. Get in a political org. Start actively taking a role in your community. Vote. But don't only vote. And that's very much in line with what Christ said. I think we basically agree I just want to put an emphasis on the fact that there's more to do than just voting.
Not the argument being made but nice try.
Damn, okay I did not know that. Woah! I've been keeping the impeachment stuff on in the background because I've had to many other current events to follow and I figure I have like zero actual effect on how it proceeds from here.
Right, which is why chapotraphouse types (who are usually downwardly mobile middle class and queer folks) are generally not in favor of it. In reality I imagine there's more accelerationism amongst alt-rights than anyone on the "far left"
YOU TAKE THAT BACK ABOUT LUIGI BEING SECOND RATE! What a lib!
Oh, I don't even count tankies as leftists. But then again I'm an anarchist so I'm operating under a specific definition of leftist which precluded authoritarianism haha. I wouldn't take tankies as indicative of leftists as a whole.
the intersection of the venn diagram between those two circles is fucking rough on my dating life. Not that I gotta date someone who is exactly my ideology but like fuck man, sometimes it's late at night and shit gets a little weird and I want to talk about Tolstoy yah know?
If DSA is bad then why are you a member? Genuinely curious!
I think you might be missing the reference they're making to the recent Red Guard action in Austin Texas, where they smashed eggs on Heidi Sloan's head (she's a democratic socialist running for congress).
I think the wankfest on reddit over HK is obviously coming from a problematic core. But also is being anti-China really imperialist? It plays into imperialist rhetoric. It is unwise. But I think it's good to make a distinction between ideology and bad strategy. [This guy listed doesn't seem very imperialist](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anand_Gopal) from what I can tell.
What is that and how does it work? I'm doing leftist organizing locally and I'm in charge of social media strategy and I'm trying to learn all the cheat systems.
whew that... says a lot more about you than I think you meant haha
fair!
Nah. That ain't Warren's style. That's half the reason she sucks at politics so much. She's too right brained.
She voted for the Iraq war which has lead to nearly 1 million deaths and the biggest human displacement in history. That 1/6th of the people who died in the holocaust. Think about that.
He's an etch a sketch. The strength or weakness of that quality for an interviewer is up for debate.
She was my number 2 but her performance has basically given me reason to not trust her again. Apparently from her polls (which coincided right around the time she reversed on M4A) show Americans feel the same way in general!
I wish it was isolationism. He sure loves to drop a lot of bombs for an isolationist.
[Say what you will about the tenet's of National Socialism, but at least it's an ethos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_29yvYpf4w)
Hey, as a former right leaning libertarian, now a left leaning libertarian, can I recommend checking out anarchism? Or maybe just some David Ricardo.
Yes, but also you should recognize that there are limits to growth. Socially, technologically, economically. You should read up on this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steady-state_economy
Obama is not my idea of an isolationist either.
Back in 2010 liberals still believed in Obama and the practicality of "compromise" with the GOP.
Not disagreeing, but I'm arguing that the current profit focused economic model is not achieving gains through automation, but rather through the externalization of costs. (and well... has been for a long time)
They're talking about polls though, not reddit.
https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/could-sanders-sweep-iowa-and-new-hampshire/
Let's be honest though, same thing can be said for Bernie. There's a strain of internet dudes who just don't like the current status quo and don't necessarily have a way to articulate it. Yang, Sanders, Peterson, Yang, etc.
yeah, liberals just lack patience. Revolution takes time, ya'll.
I too want this link.
Not sure what the non stem comment has to do with anything. I work as a developer but I went to school for art/film.
In the end school is really more about teaching you how to self educate than it is about teaching you the material itself. Unfortunately due to shifts in employer expectations on the nature of training this aspect of education has become significantly diminished.
Accelerationist aren't leftist. They're largely fascist. The term was coined by nick land in the 90s and he's a big deal in the neo reactionary movement that laid ground for the modern alt right.
You should check out tech workers coalition. [https://techworkerscoalition.org/](https://techworkerscoalition.org/) Employers will do anything to squeeze us and pit us against one another. Instead of competing H1B people we should be joining together in solidarity.
we should start logging a list of these companies
haha very funny 😑
Bud what you said isn't mutually exclusive to what they said. Pop music is a combination of many cultures. What's your point?
They do not have to be. This doesn't have to be a zero sum game. The whole point of unions etc is to coordinate rather than compete. Also btw I literally work on the project redesigning the forms h1b visas use to apply etc. America is made stronger when we welcome in smart people.
I understand perfectly well why people from abroad are willing to work for lower pay and how supply and demand works in the labor market. Until my most recent job I was a contractor from a poor home who worked shit jobs for under market value as a means to get my foot in the door. 100% of my coworkers were h1b visas. I worked for the same or less pay as them. And the reality is that as long as workers see each other as competition rather than as sharing mutual interests it will be a race to the bottom. Other workers are not the enemy. You are stuck in a primitive way of thinking that is ultimately short sighted. Cooperation beats competition.
There is not an infinite demand for labor but there is considerable slack that can be drawn from. Trade agreements come with worker rights protections in order to fight sweatshops. Tech workers should support such things because it protects them whatever side of the border they're from. Unions help fight for such worker protections. And this isn't hypothetical. Tech workers coalition already has a bengali branch that's quite active. Your rhetoric means nothing in the face of concrete reality. Also evidence has shown that increasing the bargaining power of labor actually increases innovation because it forces employers to focus on operational efficiency and find ways to automate. Even though Thomas Piketty is famous for his research on inequality, it is often forgotten that the second half of Capital in the 21st century is specially about the effects on innovation. Furthermore you can call unions rent seeking if you like but I could just reverse it and call the massive consolidation of tech into fewer and fewer companies a rent seeking monopsony. Definitions of rent seeking require metaphysical priors. You can't claim objectivity on this matter.
First: I'm not a Democrat. Second: In order to call something an artificial monopsony you are required to define "artificial". Markets are constructed by humans. They are not some feature of nature which exists outside of human relationships. The definition of artificial depends your metaphysical priors. Supply and demand meet pareto efficiency at different levels depending on the frame of these metaphysical priors and this has been proven under the second theorem of welfare economics. Third: I'm not looking at short term gains. In fact I'm explicitly doing the opposite. Labor will always lose if there is no cooperation between those who share mutual interests. Fourth: to your point about other workers being my competition, as I said I disagree and believe that cooperation is better. The zero sum thinking you're arguing for is outdated. I recommend you check out the work of Elinor Ostrom, particularly her book "governing the commons".
Oh yes I'm under no illusions of the fact that there are conflicting incentives for a h1b visa holder to join a union. Labor organization, espc in tech, ain't easy. I am persuaded to its long term value due to what we've seen historically in the push and pull between labor and capital. In Europe people in my position easily make half of what I make but I would prefer to live in Europe and make half while also having greater stability overall. I think the American labor market balance has been min maxed to a degree that's unpleasant to deal with and has secondary long term effects. I don't just mean that it's more incentivized to a race to the bottom but that I think it's incentivized in such a way as to structure the economy in a way that is overall bad for humanity and technology as a whole. Consolidation and market coercion is the norm in American tech. Big companies don't produce new products, they buy out competitors. So much of our technology is focused on only building for captured markets and walled gardens rather than emphasizing open protocols and interoperability. This consolidation leads to an overall fragility that I don't think is a good idea. A less fragile system might be more "noisy" but I think this overall lends itself to more robustness and a greater diffusion of knowledge and more opportunities for experimentation.
tbf: tankies love cops
Common cricitisms of it basically boil down to: 1. it's a nice idea but unrealistic 2. actually we need capitalist overlords to determine everything because people are stupid sheep that need a shepherd 3. actually we need autocratic tyrants to determine everything because people are stupid sheep that need a shepherd I don't think it's unrealistic. I think the only thing that really stands in our way is the people who believe 2 and 3 and I think people who don't believe 2 and 3 only believe 1 because the people who believe in 2 and 3 have been in power for so long. But I believe some day we'll have a better system and so I'm patiently trying to work for that day in whatever small ways I can.
really depends on how you define a "state". Anarchists sometimes get into arguments over whether or not a "government" is the same thing as "the State". In some ways those arguments are purely semantics nitpicking but I think the existence of those arguments reveals the inherently complicated nature of the concept of the State to begin with.
tankies are literally called tankies because of their support of authoritarian governments using violence against their own citizens. Secret police are still police. ACAB
lib left doesn't shame people for not having sex. lib left shames people for being toxic. There is some degree of people who claim lib left status who shame people for being virgins, but there are also many lib left people who are themselves virgins , and the use of virgin shaming as a tool is really a product of the broader culture which regularly engages in it. one of the biggest libleft subs on reddit literally jokes about being volcel because it's a self deprecating humor that fits.
Yeah that's fair. I find that cool anarchists aren't the ones who get super caught up in those things. There's some people online who do but they're the same people who in other ideologies would be fussing about some other bullshit.
Everyone tries to shame people that disagrees with them. That's simply how humans operate when they give up better forms of rhetoric. This doesn't reflect anything about philosophies. Some of y'all seem to think that philosophy is a personality contest but it ain't.
Beans on toast! Yes!
Literally who gives a fuck what people's hair is like? If someone has blue hair? Short hair? As long as their hair isn't stinky and full of lice who cares?
Right and I'm saying that someone having blue hair or braids or natural hair etc ain't an issue of grooming. It's purely style and culture. Anybody who gives people shit for having a bowl cut, or a side shave, or a flat top with a fade, or a pixie cut, or pink hair or whatever is being an idiot. That shit doesn't matter. I work in tech. I also work in government. So I gotta deal with these sorts of things but it's fucking dumb. It has zero impact on my capacity to do my job.
/r/unixporn
I mean under a right wing libertarian stance, breaking property is a break of the nap.
It started put ironic but there's dudes I know who take it unironically. I mean they take it jokey jokey but they also literally think bacon is cool and Ron Swanson is someone to look up to.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pink_capitalism
Did they make you pay? I wonder how animal hospitals are funded 🤔 Edit: idk why I was downvoted. It was a genuine question!
I don't think it's worth the energy to pursue the systemic racism issue with a person like that until you establish that there is a systemic abuse issue. If you can get a conservative to agree to defunding the police on the grounds of their systemic abuse of power, then you've made a great deal of progress. I don't want this to seem like I'm lacking intersectionality or being a class reductionist, I'm just talking from a rhetorical stand point. Once you have someone agreeing to ACAB, you've got most of the battle won.
See his argument here comes down to a matter of proving motive. It is impossible to prove the motive of the individual police officer and it is unlikely to get him to bend on the subject of data demonstrating systemic bias when he's operating from a frame about personal bias. Rather than trying to demonstrate racial bias you need to make the argument from the anarchist perspective of police and state violence (regardless of race) being immoral. This plays out systemically. Qualified immunity, etc etc. I can't vouch for this articles authenticity in its personal claims but it makes a good case for defunding the police. https://medium.com/@OfcrACab/confessions-of-a-former-bastard-cop-bb14d17bc759 Defunding the police is a race neutral and libertarian argument. I think you'll get farther with that. It's still systemic but it doesn't get messy with all the personal motive framing that he's trying to impose on it. You can't win the personal motive game. But you don't need to.
Holy shit its real wtf. This totally got lost in the fracas.
One of the great things about reddit is that people link stuff. One person asks the question that many after him/her will have. The social practice of redditors interlinking things is one of the things that gives the website its value.
One reason the dems need to stop trying to win over moderate Republicans by shaming them and instead should provide a platform that normal regular people who don't vote can get behind. Oh well, maybe in 2024 we'll see a change.
Studies show that shaming people is ineffective at inducing change. It actually has the opposite effect. And it's clear from your follow up comments that you're saying things in part because you believe them about yourself. Self loathing won't fix your life and spreading that self loathing to others won't fix theirs.
Third party votes don't win. It's game theory.
Fiscally conservative so you support socialized Healthcare since it's cheaper per capita government spending than our current system? Our government spends more per person than socialized Healthcare systems in other countries. And we still have to pay money out of pocket and get worse life results.
The ability to dominate another person is an act of supreme acceptance and trust by the sub for the dom. Allowing someone to be more powerful than you requires a great deal of trust.
Never said who I was voting for. I have voted 3rd party before and might again. But I don't do so with any illusion that they'll win. The value of a third party vote is sending a message to the other two parties, and not much else. Unless it's a weird downballot election issue. Generally speaking though that messaging is more impactful at the primary level though since there's more chance to rattle establishment strongholds and put them on the defense like what aoc or the teaparty did. Running as an insurgent group within a party has more impact than running as a third party.
What was left behind in the rust belt when the factories left? Min wage service jobs? I mean that's shit but it ain't exactly fertile manure.
Non sequitur bud
I'm interested in reading and also I think you should reach out to the people running the Tech Workers Coalition newsletter for content and help. I can put you in contact with them if you DM your email, and I can do an intro.
What's MSM mean?
I know you don't need me to affirm you but I think you were in the right on this conversation and the other person was being kind of a jerk.
Love the rant but find it weird he frames it as arguing with teenagers when the people opposing lockdown are clearly older people in general.
Thanks I was thinking it was that phrasing but I kept forgetting what the actual phrasing was. Kept thinking it was mwhsm lol
They've had global reach since at least the 19th century though.
Tbf "you can't tell me what to do!" is basically Dan's whole MO 😂
If you want to read more here's a link https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/4n981p/how_common_was_the_knowledge_that_the_earth_was/ While I can't find anything confirming directly that European peasants were aware, Muslims prayed in a direction calculated based upon the presumption of a spherical earth. And there's really no reason to think peasants didn't think the earth was round.
