The average income of Trump's voters was $75,000/yr. This whole white working class voters thing is a lie. It was white people of all incomes and educations who voted for him. It was racism that they voted for.
You can't distract people from their pot. I don't even smoke pot but I will start--better yet, I'll eat pot cookies--just to spite that racist elf.
If only members of Congress had some way to resolve this injustice.
De La Guerra Plaza, Santa Barbara. Thing is, Trump firing Mueller won't be the real catastrophe. The real catastrophe unfolds daily as we witness obstruction of justice and abuse of power coming from the Republicans in Congress and Sessions' Justice Department. All this hope we place in Mueller shields those who protect Trump by keeping us calm.
I'm not sure what I'm going to do either. Probably just keep doing the things I do now for as long as I can. I'm old enough to realize that I'm just a pawn in this life. I'll go to my protests, write my letters, make my calls, send my checks, but in the end, I'm pretty powerless and most of that stuff makes not a damn bit of difference. When my Democratic representative sends me a "check what's important to you" survey and the choices are all things that mostly won't make any difference to our failing Democracy or to my own daily existence, I have to wonder, what on Earth is the point of any of this? My only hope is these Millennials or maybe their kids will wake up from their torpor hopping mad at this system and try to fix it, not just blow it up, but actually fix it.
Only replace the ones who are termed out. Now is not the time to primary any current Democrats.
This is a bad idea. This is how Democrats would lose 2018.
That's a staggering increase, and it was all spontaneous giving, not a result of some advertising they did.
Today: Trump repeats what the last people said to him, and those people just happened to be traditional Republicans. Tomorrow: Trump reverts to supporting racist nutjobs like himself and insulting/berating traditional Republicans.
It would appear to me that this shows that, since Wikileaks is a Russian cutout, that Trump and Russia are still working together. Releasing this book may hurt the sales of it. It's punishment to the author. This reeks of Trumpian retaliation. Probably Jr.
I think you can trust the printed copy.
Orange fucking County! This is big.
So you are sick and there are no jobs, or no jobs that pay enough to live on, or no jobs you can do while your contagious disease is raging or while you're barfing ever few hours during chemo, so now you can't get any treatment?
So much investigating. Do white collar criminals ever go to jail or do they just get investigated forever and ever while they rake in the graft forever and ever?
Who goes to prison for white collar crimes? Maybe one person here or there but largely nobody ever does. Their companies get bailouts and tax breaks and the people who committed the crimes are shielded from punishment. If it ever rises to newsworthy scandal there's maybe some talk about legislation needed, and if it ever gets written at all, loopholes remain.
Note to future porn stars: Don't take the hush money or sign the NDA. Instead, blackmail the president. You have the power to bring the supposed most powerful man on earth to his knees in more ways than one.
They did not forget about it in a week. It's still talked about as the largest demonstration ever held. I also believe that it gave energy to the efforts that have succeeded in blunting Trump's authoritarian impulses this year, and that it's part of what is fueling such things as the me-too movement, the rise in women running for political office this year and the increase in people being more involved in town-halls and other local political things.
Well, I'm not a guy, but whatever. He's obviously been involved in so many things that open him up to blackmail. Women he has paid for sex have some very special information to hold over him. Certainly she is not the only one. Perhaps they can all find each other and work together to bring him to his knees. If nothing else, it would be glorious to behold. Pussy grabs back.
And Karl Rove.
White people must fight against racism. One organization that can help you is called SURJ - Showing Up for Racial Justice. They do a lot of education.
Mr. 47%, binders full of women, leader of the one religion that is almost pure white. I don't think he's being as truthful as he's being opportunistic.
CA24
&gt; Trump can go to Davos but not Mar-A-Lago during the shutdown Democrats should never back down. Let Trump have a massive meltdown instead.
Republicans on any committee with the name "ethics", "budget", "national security", or "intelligence" is a total oxymoron.
If you read further down in the article there's some question whether or not he's actually a non-citizen.
You also can write a lot of letters and you can donate money.
For-profit detention centers. I've been waiting to hear the stories of abuse that are sure to come out about those.
I think believing he is senile or mentally ill lets him off the hook. He is malicious and compromised and morally unfit for public office. He's also very responsible for all the wrong-doing he has done with his own hands and unleashed in others.
It means the same thing as malicious, false gossip.
This article seems sort of random, as if we are going to see the full picture of how this all whole conspiracy went down soon, but for now we're only seeing little bits here and there.
Those poor, forgotten white Trump supporters don't realize they are just collateral damage in a larger effort. These rich people suppress the non-white vote and enact policies that make poor people's lives harder in an effort to keep uppity black and brown people down. That more and more poor white people get caught in this scheme is a side effect. That more and more white people become poor is also a side effect. So in order that all the oppressed white people don't rise up, they encourage racial division among us. Kept divided we fight each other instead of them, and they can continue to pick our pockets. Racism is our enemy in this war these big Republican donors are waging on the American people. We need a working people's revolution.
So it's true then.
This is really disgusting. Kleptocracy seems to be the goal of this administration. Whether that's the global super rich kind of kleptocracy or the basic screw the poor kind.
You don't have any mountains in Chicago. And Chicago's weather is terrible. So I don't know what you are saying. I live in Southern California. Ski (or hike) in the morning, surf in the afternoon, or vice-versa.
What I don't get is how is moving these people out of their jobs going to keep them quiet as witnesses? And how does moving them out of their jobs not make it even more likely Mueller will find corrupt intent to obstruct justice? Trump really has to murder people like Putin does if he wants to keep them quiet
I was a web developer paying half of my take-home pay for sub-market rent. I finally got a better job and now it's closer to normal. But it's way below market rate. If I had to pay market rate, I'd pay over half, maybe close to 3/4.
Do you think he understands the word bribe?
McCain could do a lot more right now than he is. His criticisms of Putin sound weak to us when he's done very little to actually stand up for the integrity of our own system. He's a member of a co-equal branch of government that has made a pact to look away at Trump's flagrant abuses in order to achieve the agenda of the Koch brothers. Trump wants to convert the US to a mafia state like Russia, but the Kochs want to convert the US into a libertarian nightmare where only the richest have any democratic rights and the rest of us die in the streets. McCain's criticisms are weak because he does not stand up for democracy. He supports a sham democracy here at home, complete with rigged elections, so long as the beneficiaries are people like the Kochs.
Another good read is Democracy in Chains by Nancy MacLean. They truly are going in for the kill. They want to change the Constitution. They are the ones waging a behind-the-scenes revolution and you'll never hear about it in the media. The closest you will get are dry articles like this one.
Most people wouldn't recognize them. They stay in the shadows, don't make much news, and it's not like you'll see them walking down the street.
You know how Ceasar's administration felt? JK, but yeah, we're in a transition phase for sure, and not for the better.
I'm glad you see what is happening. Their plan for minority rule would never stand the light of day and that is why it has been so stealth. It is now at the point of coming to light. It feels to me like it's our last best chance to try to stop it, but I often feel pessimistic about our chances. Especially now that 1/3 of our population is crazed beyond belief with racism and conspiracy theories.
Hilarious. California gave the world Nixon and Reagan. Two Republican greats characterizing the abuses of power and mental deficiencies so loved in their party.
Peanuts? One year instead of raises we literally got raisins. A big box of raisins. The message that sent was heard loud and clear.
Do those who resign ever really go? He's too young to sit on his porch with a glass of merlot and a cigarette.
This article misses one important point: Regular people like me don't get to trade on insider information. When insiders get to trade on inside information, the money they make comes at a loss to people like me who are just trying to save for retirement.
Interesting. I wish there'd be some indictments already. This kleptocratic dictatorship thing has gone on way too long.
They've been saying for a long time that the government should be run like a business. Well, now it is being run like a business and it appears to me that businesses are run by crooks and sociopaths who have no respect for the law, for human life or for anything except enriching themselves.
You might find this white paper interesting. It includes recommendations for Congress. https://protectdemocracy.org/resource-library/document/no-absolute-right-control-doj/
He should be convinced to resign. Offer him a deal he can't refuse and make it appear by accepting it that the country will feel totally ripped off because Trump doesn't like deals that don't rip off the other party.
Trump's desired outcome for the United States (a quote from Fox News): "You know what solves it? When the economy crashes, when the country goes to total hell and everything is a disaster. Then you’ll have a [chuckles], you know, you’ll have riots to go back to where we used to be when we were great."
There were only [two Democrats on yesterday's Sunday shows](https://twitter.com/samstein/status/1003443297942147073) and neither were in office. There have been [zero Democrats quoted in many of the NY Times' recent stories](https://twitter.com/EricBoehlert/status/1002914892607905793). The Democrats can't get their message out because just like how the news covered up damaging Trump stories during the campaign and pretended they didn't even know about stuff about him they had reported in the past, they don't present the opposing views now because they rarely talk to Democrats. I've noticed myself that I know way more from news the last couple years about the Republicans in Congress and even Republican history than I do about any of the Democrats.
The special American touch is to put a concentration camp inside an old wal-mart next to a MacDonalds.
Nobody has seen Melania for 25 days now.
Do you think maybe he's a bug wearing a man's skin as a suit? S'pose those deep state dudes in black suits are going to flash away our memories?
Trumpnitsky Act Edit: spelling
&gt; they're terrified of the prospect of trying to live in their own country without the security blanket of a semi-automatic rifle I remember I was hiking in the Sierra on the John Muir Trail, a woman backpacking alone wearing a skirt and Chaco sandals because the JMT is not really a wilderness experience as much as a beautiful walk through nature on a trail with hundreds of other people (and hey, if you think my sandals were minimal, I met a solo woman hiker hiking in bare feet). I went over to Edison Lake where a ferry boat was letting off day hikers and passed a man with a gun on his hip. My thought was how sad that he's so scared he think he has to carry a gun.
I feel worn out by the amount of non-news there is. Most of this so-called news is driven by nonsense Trump tweets purposefully designed to outrage, distract and distort while other real news is happening. I would prefer the news stop reporting on his every tweet. I'm particularly annoyed that even though I go out of my way to not read his every utterance, even news organizations reporting on completely other stories somehow feel a need to slip in every one of Trump's (and lately also Guiliani's) tweets whether or not it has anything to do with the story. And The Hill is the worst one of the bunch at doing this.
How the heck can you be "involuntarily celibate" and a sex predator to little boys?
Whew! We won that battle--NOT! He has not stepped away. His money will continue his project to destroy democracy around the world.
I read it here: https://thecorrespondent.com/5696/were-heading-into-dark-times-this-is-how-to-be-your-own-light-in-the-age-of-trump/1611114266432-e23ea1a6 But the quote comes from here: http://video.foxnews.com/v/3179604851001/?#sp=show-clips https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/trump-economy-crashing-quote/
It's pretty clear that the Republicans hate the public. They hate us as: - Employees - Consumers - Voters/Citizens - Retirees/low-level investors
His lenient sentences was especially egregious. It is not easy to launch a successful recall campaign anyway so I wouldn't worry that this will undermine judicial independence.
I would donate to help her install an epic topiary for her yard.
Well, I never had children so I can't help there, but the other day I was walking in LA with a gigantic old man friend with a gigantic old black man headed in our direction (and I happen to be a small old lady). My friend muttered something like "here comes trouble" and I said to him "Nah, he's okay." When we passed I made sure to say hello. Hopefully he won't say something like that to me again, and hopefully I shamed him a little bit.
A little less than 30% voted in my county and we even had a ballot measure that if it passed we'd finally get recreational pot shops in the downtown area. You'd think that would get them out to vote!
Or save.
To be fair, our entire economy and way of life hates life on this planet. The GOP is pretty successful at accelerating the destruction, but nobody is credibly stopping it.
Yeah, we need someone who is like Avenatti to run for president. Smart, sharp, good-looking (it helps), mean as hell, someone who cuts through the bullshit and throws a lot of shade and knows how to work the cameras and the media.
Google it.
What about Wilbur Ross? What about Betsy DeVos? Don't some of these people look like they are in cahoots as well?
Yeah really? Has she been beaten? Has she been murdered? Will she suddenly reappear but be somebody else, like a new Becky, and the news will pretend she's still Melania?
&gt; The DOJ is now reinforcing a precedent it will have to live with, whether the Congress is in Republican or Democratic hands, of providing materials in pending or closed cases to the legislative branch upon request. Do you really believe there will ever be another Democratic-led Congress? Or a Democratic president? Or *another* president? The autocracy is closing in.
It's both, but you knew that and have been sent here to troll.
I've been thinking this exact thing for a while. Why is everybody in Congress waiting for Mueller to act? The Republicans in Congress have repeatedly said Russia is not our friend and yet they think they have to wait for Mueller to find a smoking gun in order to act. They should have acted a long time ago. They could have at least vetted Trump's cabinet and other appointments a lot better and blockaded him more in order to force him to act in America's interest instead of Russia's, but they didn't. They sold us down the river and now our only allies will be dictators who kill their own citizens. How on earth can this be good for the United States in any way? Holding ourselves up as a beacon of hope to repressed people around the world was one of our greatest assets and now it's all but gone. Someone should drop a shroud over the Statue of Liberty (hey Christo, here's an art project for you). All that's left is our money and if it's all concentrated into just a few people's hands, that's also diminished. I suppose we also have our natural resources and wild empty lands, but those are well on the way toward destruction and/or ownership by the few, setting us on a path toward being a nation with nothing that distinguishes us from any other ordinary polluted, degraded dictatorship or failed state.
What do you think they are now? They are concentrating children over here and family over there. They sleep in fucking space blankets on the concrete floor in cages. If that's not a camp or worse than one, then wow.
"Masterful ability to compartmentalize" is an interesting word to describe what happens to someone after decades of abuse.
I'm at the point now that since the Republicans in Congress don't act unless their corporate overlords tell them to act that our corporations are siding with Russia and other autocracies around the world, and that they themselves have become entangled in the global mafia. Mueller himself warned back in 2011 of "iron triangles" of politicians and business leaders equally comfortable in the worlds of organized crime as in business and government. It has been a coup. None of this is Trump going rogue by himself or whatever. It's what *they* want.
Every time Trump says witch hunt everybody should flood twitter and the news and whatever with the words "aiding and abetting" over and over and over again.
Aiding and abetting. Fits a bumper sticker.
Hopefully by asking each nominee if they've been accused of sexual misconduct or signed an NDA there will be perjurers discovered in the future who will be removed and replaced with better judges.
I'll tell you how I feel. Every single night since the night of the election I wake at least once with a sense of dread. Every day I walk around feeling a sense of horror and fear. What will become of my job, the money I have saved, these young people I'm surrounded by at work (I work at a university) and their futures? Some of them are brown and I worry what will happen to them. I think about the DACA kids and worry about them. I wonder what the black kids think of me and hope they don't think I voted for any of this. I fidget, I worry, read obsessively hoping to find some kind of answer to why, how and what can I possibly do to fix this? Every night I go to sleep distraught that I was born in a democracy and it appears I will die in a dictatorship and there's almost nothing I can to do stop it. I observe Europe and Canada trying to make the best of this and I honestly hope they figure it out even at our expense. I pray they'll put tariffs on the American individuals and corporations responsible for this, some kind of Trumpnitsky Act.
It was probably deliberate. A little "slip-up" to trigger the libs and thus make the base insist he become a dictator because it triggers the libs.
I've written my congress people so many letters. I think they are already concerned. I know Kamala Harris and Dianne Feinstein talk about it often. I voted in the election for a more liberal sheriff, but the current one was handily reelected, so now all that's left is to try to put public pressure on him not to cooperate with ICE. I already donate to ACLU. It feels like we are all held hostage until the elections, with zero proof they will be free or fair since nothing has been done to make them more secure than the last ones. By the way, that article said nobody can know why that man killed himself. It's pretty obvious. He figured that were he gone, there's no way the US would be cruel enough to deport his child alone back to the gangs. Every parent in distress thinks up a scheme like that at some point. Maybe if I'm dead they can live off the insurance policy, or whatever.
If anyone is interested in this kind of topic, The Daily podcast had a 5-part series last week about policing in Baltimore. It's really excellent.
It's been in the news. You can google it.
Mueller's report won't be enough.
It's just careerism though. Maybe if he really cared he would stand up to Trump directly by doing something totally bold. Like join with Flake and change parties so as to give the gavel to the Democrats so they can do some proper investigating and hold Trump accountable.
I'm a public employee. Do people not realize that not only is my pay lower than it would be working for a private company, that it has already been taxed once and gets taxed again when I get it? And I keep it here in the community but where does the money for the Bucks arena and Foxconn go? What kind of tax breaks did they get to avoid paying any local taxes?
One thing nobody ever talks about is that not only do big mergers like this hurt consumers, they also hurt workers. If there's only one giant company to work for, how does anyone ever get a better job or a raise? There's no competition for the workforce to raise their wages. The Democrats need to frame monopolies not just as harming consumers but also workers.
Instead of battles over signing bills that protect the United States' national security and sovereignty, there is a simpler solution to having a foreign agent in the Oval Office. Just sayin'.
Do they ever actually look at the people working behind the register? Last time I looked, everybody at Taco Bell was middle-aged and female.
This same headline is in every damn news outlet so as to send the biggest red alert to Trump and his cronies that Cohen needs help NOW. Start pardoning, start firing, whatever it takes.
You should go take a walk. A lot of the time you'll realize the thing you are doing wrong instantly. And then you'll come back and figure out whatever breakthrough you had wasn't right either, but at least you won't be frustrated anymore and you'll come up with the solution eventually.
Look up Nancy MacClean and James McGill Buchanan, and you can read about exactly what they are up to.
After reading this article I thought of this one: https://democracyjournal.org/arguments/middle-america-reboots-democracy/ The main point in there is that a lot of the so-called "resistance" is strangely not even supported by the Democratic party. Much of it has been a DIY situation for a lot of people, and yet they are winning. I'm glad Obama may help, but people are doing it themselves without help, which is a really hopeful thing to see.
I live in Southern California and work in IT and my job just got reclassified from a pay range of $64k - $109k down to $54k - $99k.
Purple like a bruise as Sarah Kendzior describes it.
*Licensed* child concentration camps (licensed to care for children and thus regulated) soon to be replaced by unlicensed prison camps (and thus unregulated). So be very careful about accepting family re-unification if it results in shuffling reunited families into unlicensed, unregulated prison camps.
I believe that Trump is happy to let everyone cooperate with Mueller because Trump didn't actually get his own hands dirty or leave any trace that he did. If he can let Mueller pick everyone off one-by-one, the last one standing will be Trump himself, which is how he likes it. Why on earth would he want to spend the rest of his life/presidency trying to protect, placate and pay off all these people? If he lets them all fall, he only has to protect himself. He'll be able to do that easily because he has a growing a cult of followers, a propaganda state to cloud the truth and is basically building a totalitarian regime that will protect him indefinitely, and he's building it faster than any of us can protect ourselves against. He has more to lose if people do cooperate than if he lets them get caught in Mueller's net.
There's an organization called SURJ you might find helpful.
If everybody in NY real estate has mob ties why don't they go after all the real estate people? Why do they let them all walk around free? Why do they throw young black men in prison for life for so much less?
But how on earth can they get Trump. He's immune as long as he sits in that chair and he has already said at least twice he intends to make himself president for life. He will launch nukes before he gives up his chair for handcuffs.
You are correct. Mueller will not save us. The law will not save us. Journalism will not save us. The international community will not save us. I'm not even sure that Congress or Democrats will save us, but it's the last thing I have any hope in should we actually flip some or all of Congress. In the end, the only ones who can save us are us. Don't forget to add donating money to organizations that can help to your list.
Mueller is not going to save us. Everybody needs to stop waiting for Mueller. Waiting is what they want you to do. You have to grab Democracy by the balls. It has to become an in-person thing, not something that happens on the internet otherwise we lose. The other thing we have to do is stop looking for messiahs. Mueller is not your messiah. The Democratic Party is not your messiah. Neither is the press. It is up to us regular old people. We are who matter.
We have to get louder. Nobody is listening to us and slowly they're all being co-opted. Keep calling/writing your congresspeople. Keep writing your letters to the editor. Keep protesting and volunteering and donating your money. Your action is the only way out. It's got to come from the bottom up because the rest of them are getting rich off this.
I was out there last night. There were protests last night all across the country. The media is not showing the popular uprising and instead making it seem like everything's just rolling along and half the country agrees with it.
The same point was made by a pastor last night at the protest I went to about child separation. He said the Bible says that all the commandments boil down to "'Love your neighbor as yourself.' Love does no harm to a neighbor. Therefore love is the fulfillment of the law." I saw that Colbert quoted the same thing on his show. Cruelty is not only not lawful it is not Christian. The law says the pedestrian has the right of way and that is because pedestrians are people and you don't get to kill people with your car just because you think you have right of way. Humanity comes first. That is what the law is and that is what the law ought to be. Humanity over technicalities.
That bell ringing thing is the creepiest thing I've ever heard. WHERE ARE THE GIRLS? What are they doing to girls? Are they being raped? Who is protecting these children from exploitation? Remember, Trump raped a 13 year old girl and has a history of human trafficking with his Trump "models" business and keeps company with pedophiles and Central Asian human traffickers.
California is your last remaining hope after all your rust belt jobs are gone and opioids have ravaged your conservative economy, turning you into an economic refugee seeking a better life. Sadly, your actual last remaining hope is the promise California offers of relatively warmer winters and a $29 tent from Big Five.
Ctrl+f [R -&gt; no matches
Awesome. I have filled out his form. I don't live in New York but I think I made a good case for why letting white collar crime of this staggering amount go unpunished hurts people like me.
&gt; Republican lawmakers fear voters may see their party as heartless on immigration Heartless on humanity. Heartless period.
&gt; If the GOP gets away with this shit it is over. The United States of America as we know it will be gone. This may be the last free election. It won't be fair, but it will at least be free. If this next election doesn't turn to the Democrats, it's over because the next elections after that will be neither free nor fair. If the GOP prevails, time to tune in, turn on and drop out, 21st century style.
Black Cube did oppo research on them and they are being blackmailed which only means they are more concerned with careerism than with doing right by the nation.
You are correct. But did you know there's a ballot measure in the fall to split California into 3 states? I'm Californian and only heard about this recently. They got enough signatures to put it on the ballot.
But was it the *final* decision?
The unemployment number is a farce. First of all, they don't count all the homeless people who just gave up, went to California and bought a $29 tent. Second it doesn't count all the people who have crap jobs that don't pay enough or give you enough hours. And third, they don't count all the people with good jobs who got pay cuts and demotions in the past decade and a half or who have to pay a larger portion of their salary on health insurance.
Is it just me, does anybody else think that polling the popularity of human rights crimes isn't exactly the best way to demonstrate the truth or evaluate the rightness of these kinds of issues? Shouldn't there be a universal, concrete standard of human rights and human decency? Is that not what religion is supposed to be for, and the Law, and things like the Geneva Declaration on the Rights of the Child? Polling a country under the sway of a charismatic authoritarian should be the absolute last means of determining what is right and wrong.
They are already planning the next step. They will go through everyone who became a naturalized citizenship and look for irregularities so that they can strip citizenship and deport them.
Isn't Michael Avenatti pretty much serving that role?
I read something yesterday that said the Southern Baptists are coming out of their coma. [Southern Baptists Call Off the Culture War](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/06/southern-baptists-call-off-the-culture-war/563000/) It sounded like baby steps to me, but maybe it's a thing.
WHERE ARE THE GIRLS? And worse, where are the pretty girls?
They can see your phone number when you call. They know where you're from.
I wrote her a letter of thanks and said now do Wilbur Ross. He's corrupt beyond belief. A new article just came out about him. It's on Forbes so I'm waiting for the version I can read to come out.
https://act.moveon.org/event/families-belong-together/search/?
Is a typo a lie?
Today's tweet says they "infest" America. Like cockroaches. This is exactly like the Nazis. He's gearing up this country for genocide.
They could save us from careening toward a dictatorship and genocide if they were willing to sacrifice their jobs. They've already got enough money to live comfortable the rest of their lives. Careerism keeps this country marching toward the finality.
Check donald trump's twitter?
He's just doing what he's seen done.
A genocidal racist.
What do you think a word like "infestation" leads to? You care for animals, you _&lt;fill in the blank&gt;_ infestations.
They could calculate our taxes for the vast majority of us, too. But we like the freedom of accidentally disenfranchising ourselves or paying too much tax.
Just like the rich fuckers here looked to Hungary and got ideas for how they could take over once and for all, rich fuckers in your country will look at the US and get ideas for how they can take over your country. Be vigilant.
Not only do we kidnap children, but our president holds them as hostages and our legislators negotiate with the hostage taker.
Why do these children not get due process? They have done no wrong yet they are imprisoned without so much as a conviction let alone a trial.
NYT is part of the problem. They have a history of soft-pedaling Nazi propaganda and history is repeating itself.
There should be investigations immediately and Ross should be impeached and put on trial.
Not enough jobs even for slaves. Logan's Run is the solution for Social Security and Medicare.
&gt; He said he was handed a severance agreement to sign which required him—in return for six months’ pay—to agree to a draconian nondisparagement clause that essentially muzzled him, and to transfer the ownership rights to the paper for all of his Post-Gazette cartoons over the past quarter-century. &gt; To add insult to injury, Rogers said, the severance agreement offered a freelance deal in which he would be required to come into the office and draw cartoons—after close consultation with his bosses—and receive $100 for each, with the paper, of course, retaining ownership rights. Fuck that. If that was [my hometown paper I would cancel my subscription](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Santa_Barbara_News-Press_controversy).
Sure, Lankford. If it weren't for Russian trolls everyone would be just fine with the cruelty of putting babies in jail alone without their parents and not allowed to hug each other.
Exactly. Careerism is an evil that is destroying America. It's how we got to this point where we have a soulless autocrat and his dead-eyed Nazi protoge putting babies alone in prison where they are drugged, beaten and sexually abused, and nobody does a damn thing because of their careerism.
June 30th. Just don't go home at the end of the march.
Let's protest from June 30 to July 4 and beyond. However long it takes.
Take a drive through Los Angeles.
That's exactly why they don't want the UN to look at poverty. Don't want the people here to know how much they struggle.
Hence why immigration becomes important.
And his cabinet.
We will not recover in my lifetime and I suspect it is going to get much much worse before it starts to get better.
A few years ago I worked for a global company and they wanted to use the word Collaborate in their slogan but were advised against it since in Europe that word has really bad connotations. I never thought I'd live to see a day where it has bad connotations for the US and at the same time, the new place where I work uses Collaborate as a slogan and as a name for one of their services.
Common AskReddit question: When was the first time you realized you were getting old?
Yeah, because with a car wash you have to pour lots of soap and water down the drain or else it looks suspicious.
Freedom is having nothing left to lose, so they say.
I'm protesting with you in spirit. Enough already.
That's exactly how it works and if you don't like it, you should live in a dictatorship instead of a free society with due process.
Did you see all the replies in the top post?
Ha ha ha ha.
Yep, the rats are jumping off the sinking ship, but they're still rats.
I realize nobody will see this but the lady he interviewed is wrong. There weren't just two papers that endorsed Trump, a KKK paper and the National Enquirer. The *Santa Barbara News Press* was actually the first real newspaper that endorsed Trump.
The man who threw the presidency to Trump tries to shame Trump when the only one who should feel any shame is himself.
We have had lots of protests in the US. I went to one a week and a half ago and there is another one scheduled for next weekend. I went to a *parade* today and there was a small protest just before the beginning of the parade (Abolish ICE was what one of their signs said). They even had a police escort (meaning that the police were there protecting them.) The crowd mostly cheered, although I think there was some disappointment that politics were invading our otherwise word-free parade.
At least Walter Shaub from the former Ethics Office still does good work through his organization CREW. Files a lot of lawsuits about this stuff whenever possible.
More perjury? If we win in the Fall things will be really interesting.
How are we lucky? There have been no consequences for them and it only took 500 days turn the US into a full-blown fascist kleptocracy with concentration camps and a puppet judiciary being installed as we speak.
Their next plan is to review all those who have been given citizenship for "irregularities" in their citizenship forms.
And yet it only took 500 days to turn into a full-blown fascist kleptocracy with concentration camps and a baby-snatching secret police force.
You could get that up to thousands if you offered hot food for the homeless. They could pitch their tents alongside yours.
I don't think most Americans even realize how trapped they are. I've looked into what it takes to live somewhere else. It is not easy to get a job somewhere else and then citizenship. Most places want you to have a special skill. Most places are happy to let you retire there so long as you maintain your American citizenship and prove that you have regular money coming in from the US, not a suitcase full of money. They don't like that sort of thing. Even if you retire somewhere else you have to keep going back to America to renew your visa. And you have to keep paying your US taxes. I'm sure that it is possible for some American people to gain citizenship in another country and move but it is a lot harder to do than most people think.
Blame Canada for Americans being priced out of the U.S. housing market? Ha ha ha ha. As a Californian I can definitely say I could afford the wood, just not the house.
Yeah, I love the food. It's always a great to ask someone who is from a foreign land where their favorite restaurant is and then go there instead of going to the Americanized version. It's always so much better to get the real thing.
That really isn't fair. Those things they vote for are GOP things, not really Trump things. The humanitarian crisis at the border and the trade war are Trump things and Flake is against at least one of them. Too bad he's not against the internment camps. I'd like to see him show some resistance to the fascism, but apparently fascism is okay with the GOP.
Hmm, there was a "glitch" in Los Angeles' primary, too. 100,000 people were disenfranchised.
I think you might have responded to the wrong person or misunderstood me. I don't expect Flake to vote for progressive anything. But I would like to see him at the very least say something about the unconstitutionality and cruelty of what is happening at the border. You can have strict border security without having to resort to child abuse. He has claimed in the past to be in favor of somewhat moderate border policies, so it would be nice if he'd clarify where he draws the line at cruelty and violation of due process.
Except they consider Democrats to mean anybody who isn't loyal to Trump even if they are actually Republicans.
The article said that the military guys they spoke to said that since it wasn't actually illegal they wouldn't be able to have any refusals to follow the orders.
This applies to ALL elections.
Actually, big sustained ones that last for weeks that are a little bit inconvenient but not violent. We can ratchet up the inconvenience to full-on disruption as time goes on.
I'm going on June 30th. What I wish for is that nobody, or at least not everyone, goes home after the marches. Whoever can stay should stay. Occupy until the children are reunited, everyone gets due process and ICE is abolished. I have to leave right after, but if I hear that people have stayed, I'm returning.
Donate money, volunteer, work for a campaign. Remember, when people like Maxine call for action she doesn't mean you should assault people. You simply need to call them out, confront them, make them feel some social discomfort. Ask them how it feels to lie to the American people. Ask them not to shop in your store. They don't deserve to just go home and relax as if they didn't spend the entire day terrorizing children and lying to the American people. If like me you'll probably never see any of these people in person, you should work for their opponents or otherwise work in opposition to their heinous policies with your time and/or money.
I'm not sure what you are trying to say, but you might find this twitter thread on the asymmetric expectations of civility interesting. It is totally not a fair fight. https://twitter.com/LilyMasonPhD/status/1011433470764167168
I hadn't heard about this election until now (I am not in New York.) But the woman's a bartender. That makes her tough. That means she knows her constituents and all their problems. She'd have my vote.
It does not. We just had to deal with this where I work. The only way to control autofill of forms is for the user to go in to the advanced settings under Passwords and Forms and change their own settings. Chrome seems to want to be "helpful" by assuming any password field should be filled in and that any text field that is present above the password field is expecting a username. You could accidentally send someone your username or password this way. It is probably best to turn off this setting.
Time to rename this country Trumpistan.
Protests are scheduled for Saturday. Bring your tent. Do not go home after the protest.
I refuse to acquiesce to any violation of the Constitution but it seems that a significant portion of the populace not only acquiesces to it, they are perpetrating or aiding and abetting such violations.
He likes the Erdogan-style fascism. Been working for it forever.
When I read the article it occurred to me this is exactly how Trump colluded with the Russians. Make a statement to a small audience, get that statement published so that it is transmitted in a way that reaches a larger audience within which is your true intended target recipient, then deny you ever communicated/colluded with the recipient of the message and that it was just a private conversation, just a joke or whatever.
You're right that you can't do much about it. You are just one person. But all of us together out number the people doing this to us. I hope we will figure this out soon.
Not because of weather? Because if it wasn't for the weather, I might actually consider moving to another state.
Rather than criticize the US, work hard to preserve your own democracy. There is a global conspiracy afoot. Look at Italy, Germany, Hungary, Turkey, Brexit. We are an example--albeit with that American twist of boorish tackiness--of what you may become if you aren't careful. We need Europe to stay democratic so we have a beacon of hope.
I've heard that every 18 years would give each president two appointments.
Might have been the most anticipated outcome, but what they got was far worse for us and far more effective for them and lines up perfectly what the Koch's have been planning since the 1960s, which is a fascist takeover of the US.
Lynching is terrorism.
Ballot measures are things states do.
I used to work for a company that put microphones in the Chukchi sea in order to listen to the whale migration in order to provide research data on the effects of seismic testing on the migrating whales. My job was to listen to the audio and identify whales. I could hear the seismic tests as well as the whales. The seismic tests were extremely loud. They went on for hours, every 20 or 30 seconds. Sometimes the whales sounded like it was driving them crazy. Research showed the whales would move about a mile or two away from the seismic testing. There is a lot of animal noise in the sea up there. I heard whales, seals and walruses. Seals are especially noisy.
Here's a fun fact: Ventura County, California, where the Reagan Presidential library lives, where last year's devastating Thomas Fire and the recent Woolsey Fire burned, just voted to offer community choice energy to its citizens AND to make the default choice the 100% green energy choice. That means when people get electricity, they can opt for where their electricity comes from and if they don't make any choice, they essentially vote for all energy to come from wind, hydro or solar. Northern California is all, what? So Cal was first to make 100% the default? So now a lot of them are looking at doing the same. And get this, Los Angeles County is looking at possibly doing the same. The people can still change things. [More info on community choice energy.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Community_Choice_Aggregation)
I provided a link to wikipedia explaining it. Basically the county purchases the electricity and the electric company delivers it. Where they purchase it from depends on the proportions that people opt for. California wants to have 100% clean energy by 2045. So I suppose if everybody opts in for 100% clean energy before 2045 that will just create a market for it and more will be developed. There is admittedly a certain amount of "we'll figure it out" mixed in to this play. But California understands that climate change will destroy our state and eventually the world, so we will lead the way like we always do. In the mean time, this isn't available everywhere. But it is amazing that it's a grass-roots thing that is spreading.
Yeah, me too. Catastrophic fires since I have been alive (note that they become more frequent over time): * Coyote Fire, October 1964 [https://www.independent.com/news/2009/sep/30/coyote-fire-september-22-october-1-1964/](https://www.independent.com/news/2009/sep/30/coyote-fire-september-22-october-1-1964/) * Wellman fire June, 1966 [http://www.sboutdoors.com/wellman.html](http://www.sboutdoors.com/wellman.html) * Romero Fire, July 1971 [http://www.sboutdoors.com/romero.html](http://www.sboutdoors.com/romero.html) * Sycamore Canyon Fire, September 1977 [https://www.nytimes.com/1977/07/28/archives/brush-fire-destroys-185-homes-in-santa-barbara-vifsanta-barbara.html](https://www.nytimes.com/1977/07/28/archives/brush-fire-destroys-185-homes-in-santa-barbara-vifsanta-barbara.html) * Eagle Canyon Fire, Sept 1979 [https://www.nytimes.com/1979/09/20/archives/winds-and-heat-hamper-firefighters-in-california-fire-right-at-city.html](https://www.nytimes.com/1979/09/20/archives/winds-and-heat-hamper-firefighters-in-california-fire-right-at-city.html) * Wheeler Fire, July 1985 [http://articles.latimes.com/1995-07-01/local/me-19148\_1\_wheeler-fire](http://articles.latimes.com/1995-07-01/local/me-19148_1_wheeler-fire) * Painted Cave Fire, June 1990 [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Painted\_Cave\_Fire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Painted_Cave_Fire) * Gaviota Fire, June 2004 [http://cdfdata.fire.ca.gov/incidents/incidents\_details\_info?incident\_id=84](http://cdfdata.fire.ca.gov/incidents/incidents_details_info?incident_id=84) * Day Fire, September 2006 [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Day\_Fire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Day_Fire) * Zaca Fire, July 2007 [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zaca\_Fire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zaca_Fire) * Gap Fire, July 2008 [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gap\_Fire\_(2008)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gap_Fire_(2008)) * Tea Fire, *November* 2008 [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tea\_Fire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tea_Fire) * Jesusita Fire May 2009 [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesusita\_Fire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesusita_Fire) * Sherpa Fire, June 2016 [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sherpa\_Fire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sherpa_Fire) * Rey Fire, August 2016 [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rey\_Fire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rey_Fire) * Whittier Fire, July 2017 [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whittier\_Fire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whittier_Fire) * Thomas Fire, *December* 2017 [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas\_Fire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Fire) * Holiday Fire, July 2018 [https://www.edhat.com/news/10-homes-destroyed-in-holiday-fire](https://www.edhat.com/news/10-homes-destroyed-in-holiday-fire) I could add the Nov 2018 Woolsey fire but it's not close enough to where I live even though I could see the flames. So far the biome where I live is the same. Chaparral. But damn, I sometimes ride my motorcycle with bare arms all the way to November. In the 1990s there were only 2 weeks when it was warm enough to do that.
Your grassroots should push for community choice energy. Look it up. Ventura County California just voted to make 100% renewable energy the default choice. They're going to try to get it for Los Angeles County.
Lemons roll down the gutters here in California. Limes and avocados, too. California is blessed. But the climate is changing and it's too damn hot.
We need to put out a strong message to help people see that racism is nothing more than a tool the rich use to rob us. They manipulate us all with racism. Racism hurts white people because they manipulate white people to think and act in racist ways and they do this so that we're so busy hating and fighting each other they can pick our pockets, keep us subservient, underpaid, underemployed and poor. They do it so they can keep raping the environment, too. And they also use sexism and homophobia the same ways as racism. It's all just a game to them.
You should have given your town a matching name, like the cute Danish town of Solvang,
There is one. It's called Community Choice Energy. It's a way for people to vote with their dollars for the source of their electricity. The more people sign up for 100% renewable energy the more renewable energy they have to deliver. Ventura County, California, the county that experienced the Thomas Fire and the Woolsey Fire just voted to make 100% renewable the default choice for everyone. People will have to deliberately choose not to purchase renewable energy. It's still a small solution but it's bigger than carbon taxes and other stuff like that.
It's just me alone these days and I'm pretty new to git and find it very confusing. The project is a total branch-a-palooza. I'm maintaining our production code, a branch that will be released on the 20th and another one that will be a whole new version. Plus all the little branches for fixes and plugins and whatever. I'm going to try to merge this new version more frequently with the tracking branch coming from the remote repo and hope there are fewer files to fix each time. I was surprised how much total restructuring of a lot of the code was done in only a month.
It's yet another trebuchet over the castle walls. Another volley of arrows. The battering rams at the doors and the cauldrons of boiling oil to thwart them, but one by one, the cowering thieves inside abandon the king.
Thankfully a lot of Democratic governors were elected this year.
I demand for 2020 UN election monitoring and supervision. Especially supervision. This is no longer a functioning democracy. All that we are seeing in 2018 is just practice for 2020.
And also because they're practicing for 2020.
He should have gotten more because his cooperation was a sham and he obviously is not contrite and did not learn his lesson.
You really don't know until just before you get there. There could be late snow in May that changes all the prognostications. The saying on the trail is to go and see for yourself. Don't accept any fear mongering. Always go see for yourself.
I loved Southern California and never thought about quitting. I pinched myself every day. This can't be real!! Once I got to the moonscape of the Sierras, I thought about quitting every day. I even did quit, drove home and got driven back and dumped on the trail again. I loved Northern California. I was super happy all the time until I hit July Oregon mosquito season and then I ran for my life screaming and going insane. I didn't want to quit though. Not until I got to Washington and was rained on either by the sky, the trees or the bushes every minute of every day. Then I thought about quitting almost every minute of every day. Once in a while there was a moment I didn't think about quitting, but most of the time I made all kinds of elaborate plans for how I was going to quit and when I was going to quit, but when I was able to carry them out, I convinced myself I would probably regret it. So I kept going and kept swearing under my breath, pushed out 30+ mile days when things were bad just so I could finish faster. Now, 10 years later, I look back on those horrible days with the fondest of memories. Good times.
I found that her descriptions about the trail and trail life are highly accurate. Probably the number one thing that rang truest to me was the part where she meets a reporter who gives her a bag of goodies and calls her a hobo. I actually had someone call me a hobo. And I would have eaten anything anybody gave me and probably would have traded the cigarette for more candy.
Not everyone who sleeps in a tent is scared of cowboy camping though. I could not get used to worrying about my stuff blowing away in the night so I prefer to sleep in a tent and then hate the tent all night for blocking my view. I sleep better knowing my stuff won't blow away and I sleep better without sand being blown in my face, or mosquitoes buzzing around my face, which is another thing I never got used to.
Fun fact: the thought leader of the Koch brothers' nefarious plan, James McGill Buchanan, advised the writing of the constitution for Pinochet, Chile's dictator in the 80s. He called it a constitution of locks and bolts the purpose of which was "to protect the rights of wealthy elites, so that future democratic majorities would be hard-pressed to alter it." See Nancy MacClean's *Democracy in Chains*.
&gt;Imagine if all our leaders were like her, Yeah, imagine... I have a pretty decent Democratic representative but when I see what AOC is like, I feel like I've practically got a Republican representative. Where is the boldness? Where is the commitment to the people who struggle to live? Where's the connection to the people?
&gt;"No Gary, YOU don't know what's coming - a revolutionary Congress that puts people over profits." I love this. We need a bunch more people like this in Congress.
She said her mission was to change the conversation. Nobody believes Democrats holding only the House will enact much sweeping change. But changing the conversation is gold going into a presidential election. You can't disagree she gets people talking about things in a new way and about issues they largely don't talk about.
Nice neighborhood, run down small house. If you compared the average 3/4 million house in my town to the average 3/4 million house in the nice part of say, Atlanta, my house would look like the worst part of Atlanta and the 3/4 million houses in Atlanta look like something that would cost 3 million here.
You are not smart to leave the Democratic party. The only viable party that is moldable and shapable to the will of the people is the Democratic party. That they have not been is largely a failure of the people and the news media. Jim Hightower was imploring people in the 1980s to go take over their local Democratic Party headquarters and return them to sanity but nobody ever did. If they had, we would not be where we are.
As I wrote to another person, this is largely a failure of the American people and the news media. Had we all marched down to the local Democratic party HQ and took it over like Jim Hightower told us to do in the 1980s we wouldn't be in this mess now. But we can still do that now and that's what we are doing now with the help of Indivisible and DSA.
This is encouraging. Was this in any way related to the Trump Organization? It seems I've heard of Mossak Fonseca before. (Don't know if I spelled that right.)
I really don't see why they have to wait for Mueller's investigation to conclude to start the impeachment hearings. I think they should start them right now and go in tandem, adding more and more articles to discuss as more and more info comes from Mueller.
Tell me about it. As Sarah Kendzior has said, and I paraphrase, it's like history has vomited up all the bad politicians of the past. Because we never punished anybody they've all come back like Groundhog day.
What left? Is the law the left now? These Nazis need to be rounded up and deprogrammed from their cult.
We've already lost if you think about it: Congress could certainly end this criminal enterprise today if it wanted to, but instead we wait and hope that one man will do it on his own. Meanwhile, while that one man is trying to administer the justice Congress ought to, Congress is taking advantage of this time to lay the groundwork for permanent one-party rule and to hold hearings to ask again about Hillary's emails. Whatever happens to Trump is a wash. We've already lost.
It's the perfect crime, really. First you commit crimes to fraudulently claim the office, where you are now immune from prosecution. You use the office to gain lots of money through emoluments, through corruption, through bribery. You get your children in on the graft so they can rake it in through corruption and access. Then just before it all goes south, you quit, your VP pardons you and your children for any crimes, making you immune from punishment for life and you can go on to keep all your ill-gotten gains because now the law can't touch you.
I learned they care nothing for "the children" when as a teenager I found out the youth group leaders were sexually exploiting some of my friends.
&gt;with a vaguely southern accent, and a slightly musical quality to their speech It's like Elvis imitating the brilliance of Black musicians and people mistaking that imitation for the real thing.
What they truly worship is money.
Holly Coomber, a foster kid whose abusive foster "father" made her accompany him on a murder spree where he murdered 2 people was convicted and sentenced to prison at age 17 for "not doing enough to stop him." She spent 40 years in prison where she was raped and beaten by the guards and now is maimed for life because of MRSA and finally got out this year. She didn't do anything at all except be poor and abused and got 40 years. I bet not a single person in this whole Trump-Russia thing gets anywhere close to what she got.
If only they built minimal studios anymore.
This is true. But it's also true that it would be far more effective than all the bullshit violence being called for in this thread.
Good riddance to Zinke. But also, this is an autocratic regime rapidly consolidating power by gutting every part of our government. Soon it will be the dynastic kleptocracy it really wants to be.
If impeachment will save Susan Collins I say let's not impeach in time for the 2020 elections because I'd really like to see her lose her Senate seat.
I'd like to see Putin somehow removed, all the money he stole returned to the Russian people, Russia to have a real free and fair election, and Navalny become its next president. Right after all the crooks in the Republican party are jailed or whatever.
Snarfle
I've had birds for most of my life. When I was in my 20s I lived in a tiny garage apartment. There was one room, a bathroom and a kitchen sink and it measured about 15x15 feet. I had 3 birds (a cockatiel, a conure and a plumhead parakeet) and I was a student for some of the years I lived there, and after I graduated I had a full-time job. My apartment was in the mountains and it was a difficult drive up and down to town, so the birds spent a lot of time alone without me. I made it work. The birds were okay with being home alone during the day. They always have been. As long as they have a routine and you spend time with them, they're okay. As for the space, I built a platform for my bed so that my bed was on stilts and I could use the space underneath. The bird cages took up all the rest of the space. I didn't care because how much space do I really need? All these years later (I'm in my 50s now) I still have the conure. Now I have a cockatoo. And I have a whole house to live in. My boyfriend and I have had full-time jobs the whole time we've had the cockatoo. We have to lock her in her cage otherwise she chews on the drywall and the door in her bird room. She's really okay with being locked up, as much as it distresses us. My boyfriend recently retired and if anything it stresses the cockatoo out to have so much freedom.
Apartheid in Israel is not any better than apartheid in South Africa or the apartheid we had here in the U.S. The Jews have become what they once were victims of and the rest of us tip-toe around that fact.
Really, you don't? I think there is hope. The elections in November was the biggest election in our history as far as turnout in a mid-term election and there were more young people who voted this time, too. We now have a huge freshman class of new legislators who are going to shift the conversation and start moving things toward a better place. This election victory happened because ordinary Americans knocked on doors and wrote postcards and donated money and ran for office themselves. I believe all those people working together to achieve that election victory is part of building the empathy and community you speak of. The people higher up didn't decide to change. The people at the grassroots decided to change the people higher up. And the education you speak of is being self-driven. So many people have gotten a crash-course in civics and in systemic racism, foreign policy, voting rights and American history. Change is happening. You can be the change you wish to seek by just getting involved in something. It doesn't even have to be political.
I know they are out there. It's just kinda weird nobody really writes about them. I know a lot of them, mostly from Viet Nam.
That sounds like collusion.
Forget the blue wave. This is the great blue tidy bowl flush.
I read the book Democracy in Chains by Nancy MacClean. What is happening today with the Koch Brothers and a lot of the right wing has its roots in racism and outrage at the Civil Rights Act and Brown vs. Board of Education. You may remember when Senator Blumenthal was asking everyone at their confirmation hearings whether they thought Brown was correctly decided. He knows what's up. The ideology of the contemporary right wing here was architected by James McGill Buchanan, who actually consulted with Pinochet on his constitution in an attempt to create a "constitution of locks and bolts" that attempted to create a system that had rule of law but where there was no actual democracy. These people do not believe that all Americans should have the right to vote. They would prefer to have the kind of illiberal democracy they have in Hungary. They believe this to their core and they've spent the last 50 or 60 years building up a whole apparatus of think tanks, media companies and donor circles to get us to where we are today. They have been holding practice Constitutional Conventions because they fully intend to call a real one as soon as they get the chance, at which time they will change the constitution so that senators are appointed by state governors. They'll probably put in other changes that lock and bolt down our democracy. They are so desperate to achieve their goals, and so close, they are destroying this nation and even helping/enabling hostile foreign powers to tear us apart. I am hoping that with Trump they overplayed their hands and that their failure will be epic.
I'll bet I know more billionaires than you do. On a first-name basis, too.
Are you sure that's what this is about? I haven't been following too closely, but I have heard that bots and trolls online have been trying to bend it toward the global oligarchy or at least been controlling it in some ways. Do you really think these folks are consciously bonding together against the global oligarchy? They managed to quash Occupy, do you think they will quash this yellow vests thing too? Do you think it might spread to the US or are we too far gone?
The other day I was thinking about going back in time to my 1980s self and telling myself what would be happening now. There's no way I'd believe it. There's no way anybody would believe it.
You'll lost that bet when the stock market crashes tomorrow.
You don't see a downfall? I feel like I'm witnessing a complete collapse. Maybe not a downfall of Trump's popularity with his base, but this country is falling fast. We will not survive as the nation that we understand if the Republicans in the Senate do not step up soon.
If you can get people at a butterfly preserve to sit quietly without talking (which is very hard to do), you can hear the butterfly wings, which fills people with awe at the wonder and beauty of nature.
So my boss and I, both government workers, at some point in our lives signed the Oath to protect the Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic. We're wondering, where do we report to start carrying this out? What are we supposed to do?
This whole thing is stupid. This is a country that has so much work that needs to be done. But nobody has done this work for decades now. Everybody wants a get rich quick scheme but instead they should just go to work doing what needs doing. Had the government cleared out the debris dams in Montecito those mudslides wouldn't not have been so catastrophic. If PG&amp;E had maintained their powerlines people in California might not have had their houses burned down. There are roads and bridges that need to be repaired. There are trails that need to be repaired and forests that need to be thinned (not clear-cut, just thinned.) But instead of hiring people to do actual work, they cut taxes and transfer wealth to the top where the rich sit on it and and then those of us who remain get played with like pawns for stupid political games. There will be a lot of people whose rent might not get paid, or who might default on debt or who might have to split their pills this month or go without. Fuck these rich fuckers. They are costing Americans way too much money.
I thought that was Elliot Rodgers. The difference between Elliot Rodgers and Stephen Miller is Elliot Rodgers stabbed and shot people. Stephen Miller knows you can kill a lot more people systematically with policy and concentration camps.
So if Trump didn't really want to win (some say he just wanted to start his own tv network), why did they work so hard with so many entities to guarantee a win from the primaries all the way to the general? And I'm having a problem with the term "foreign manipulation". When the Trump team/family was so involved with every foreign operation, this is more than just foreign manipulation.
Israel has apartheid. Any nation that practices apartheid is on the wrong side of liberty and justice. We had legal apartheid in the US until the Brown v. Board of Education ruling.
Thanks. If I don't find the owner over the holidays I might try there.
Not just SCOTUS, but all the judicial appointments they've been making. Have you noticed that several of the Democratic senators ask each one if they believe that Brown v. Board of Education was correctly decided and how many of them decline to answer? That is what is on the line. Will we be a nation where all men are created equal and endowed by their Creator with a right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness? Or will we go back to being a nation that allowed for legal apartheid, separate but never equal. Look around at all nations that practice apartheid and ask yourself if that's what you really want to be.
Wow, that's one of the talking points the Senate report said they had. You imitate them well.
A market crash wouldn't do it. The filthy rich make money whether the market crashes or soars.
I know that Senator Blumenthal has been asking that question of everyone, but I don't walk around with a list of links and timestamps, sorry.
Mattis may very well have been the glue that held it all together long enough for McConnell to stack the judiciary. If he stayed forever, McConnell could stack the judiciary forever. Now McConnell has to decide how much longer he can let this go on. I'm betting he decides he can keep going for a lot longer than any sane person believes he should. And if he flies too close to the sun, we'll end up like Hungary at best and Venezuela at worst.
His diet is probably what gave him the Alzheimer's. The jogging around the lake, which is now just walking because he is 81 years old, probably kept him healthy as long as it did. My dad was abused around food as a child. As a result, he ate oddly. I suppose he still ate better than most people. He could not eat anything with sauces, dressings, spices, flavors. Everything he ate was steamed or baked or just "plain". No vegetables. I guess you could say he ate just meat and bread and crackers. These days he eats fish and chips, which is terrible and probably what is accelerating his disease. But he's almost 82, has no heart disease or any of that, and is still physically active and in better shape than a lot of younger people, so what are you going to do?
Careful. You are describing Elliot Rodgers.
We've been losing species at a rate of ~200 per day. It did not used to be such a rapid pace of species loss. There used to be more species and more habitat. Zoos did not used to be places where nearly every animal had a plaque with an essay about its loss of habitat and imminent extinction. When I was a child there were still places on Earth white people had not gone to. There were still people who had not encountered modern civilization, modern technology or white people. When I was a child the tropical rain forest was largely intact. There are some interesting landsat photos in this overly dramatic video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HusBCLws0Q When I was a child there were 2 billion people. Now there are close to 8. There were only a few very large cities. Now there are dozens of cities larger than the largest one when I was a child. I have lived in the same place my entire life. I'm now one of these people who looks around and says "I remember when none of this was here."
Did any of this op-ed writers stop to consider the possibility that the Republicans, who all work for a small handful of donors, are actually actively working toward the outcome that is headed our way? What do they care about actual voters anymore when they have perfected all the tools needed to cheat on elections. It must be the donors that are hamstringing them. The donors must want a puppet government that functions the same way as the Russian mafia state. The donors must want the Constitution to crumble to dust. From what I've read of their thinking, they are super deluded into thinking that any form of government that takes taxes from the corporations and the wealthy to provide things for the common man and any system that tries to protect the commons from being looted/polluted by the powerful is akin to tyranny and authoritarianism, not really recognizing that it's quite the opposite. That a free market and some measure of socialism are necessary parts of a system that spreads peace and prosperity for all, and that a measure of conservation is necessary for a finite planet. They probably believe, much like the Russian mafia state, that all the wealth tied up in taxes and in the commons belongs to them and the only way to get it back is to engineer a giant theft of it through the type of bad policies and corruption we are seeing in Trump's government now. So the lack of inaction by Congress, I believe, isn't based on a fear of Trump's fake base but a fear of the likes of Charles and David Koch, among others.
Silly Rich Republicans thought they were going to be part of Trump's inner circle.
Billionaires make money when the stock market crashes and even more when the economy collapses and poor schmucks like me lose the job, the house and the retirement savings.
The flip-side to imposter syndrome.
I will curse the further consolidation of power of this dynastic kleptocracy at the same time I celebrate getting rid of another criminal.
I don't think it's really either-or. But I do think that Congress needs to examine how they are specifically targeted.
A lot of the reasons for the loss are because of the numerous dirty tricks. You can't pin Trump's win on any one dirty trick, so you get plausible deniability for each one and the cumulative effect of them all together gets overlooked. I would really like to see the next presidential election be about the candidates and about their HONEST vision of what kind of nation we should be, what our role in the world should be and what our responsibilities are to each other inside this nation.
I have seen some ringnecks or Alexander ringnecks flying in the sky as I've driven through. We have some lilac crowned parrots living wild in Santa Barbara.
That's why they should not be sold in pet stores. They should be adopted out so people are screened, like they do for dogs and cats.
Trump nearly said exactly that in his recent tweet (now deleted) admitting Russia helped him win the election.
It was a conspiracy of obstruction to cover-up something, that's for sure.
Exactly. I came here to say that Elizabeth Warren will be the first president they use her new law on.
He's a dictator and he will remain one one until the dictator of the Senate can be removed.
Just vote him out in 2020, says Nancy Pelosi, still believing that we have free and fair elections in the US.
If they did this it would seriously mess up their department's instructors' ability to use GauchoSpace. I'm sure they didn't even think of that.
I had a parrotlet once. He could bite me harder than most birds. It's like his entire head was nothing but jaw.
Latent effects like avoiding having a child I did not want, avoiding marrying a man I did not love, completing college, getting a good job, being able to find a place to rent easily because I didn't have kids, being able to afford my rent, being able to save for emergencies, being able to save for my retirement. I hope my experience has broken his heart.
When I hiked the trail I truly believed in the deepest part of myself that my resting metabolic rate had actually slowed considerably. I had become extremely efficient.
I think people who freak out about how it takes so long to get through California are mostly people who hiked the AT. I mean, what on earth difference does it make if you hike 1700 miles in one state or 170? You can measure your progress by having left the Sierras and being in the Cascades, or county-by-county, or just by no longer seeing on the horizon some big prominent mountain you were on just a few days ago, or by seeing different biological zones, or seeing the same zones but at lower altitudes because your latitude has changed so much.
It's not as bad as that. I always thought of it (and I hiked completely solo) as always wondering what's around the next corner and having an endless supply of corners. I felt spoiled. What made me want to quit though was that it became a job. I enjoyed the actual hiking, seeing so many pretty things, so many pretty flowers, feeling so strong, and those endless corners, but not doing anything else made it a job, and I was the meanest boss I ever had.
A friend of mine carried a tic-tac fishing kit and caught fish on his thru-hike. Something like this: [http://blog.gossamergear.com/how-light-is-your-fishing-tackle](http://blog.gossamergear.com/how-light-is-your-fishing-tackle)
You only do that step on the first day leaving town. After that, the yogurt you use to start your next batch is whatever sticks to the jar or bag from the last batch.
It's always fire season. Maybe we had a small reprieve during the rain, but I bet we still would have burned.
Sorry this happened to you. In 2010 my boyfriend got a helicopter rescue from Apache Peak. I guess people on the trail still talk about that. He was mentioned in someone's facebook video just this year. I hiked in 2008 and when I got to Baden Powel there was too much snow. It had snowed for 4 days over Memorial Day weekend. I got scared and bailed. People don't realize how much snow there could be in the so-called "desert" section. I hope you have a speedy recovery and get back on trail. Don't sweat the haters. Nobody gets mad if you call an ambulance in the city but they get mad when you're taking a walk on what is basically a popular day-hiking, peak-bagging trail and you need to call for help? Give me a break.
Notice that she said it was illegal to **solicit, accept, or receive** anything of value from a **foreign national** in connection with a U.S. election. But all the news people, even Rachel Maddow, say "foreign government" or "foreign power" when it's simply foreign national (meaning it would include someone like Natalia Viselnitskaya who isn't a foreign government or power but is a foreign national). And nobody seems to notice the word "solicit" which was exactly what Trump did in 2016 and what he did day before yesterday.
Another way to put it: Expect autocracy but do not accept it.
How many young black men got off because of ignorance of the law?
You appear to be hinting that violence is a viable answer, but I believe that the better examples are the resistance efforts of non-violent movements throughout history. I do hope that people look there.
It seems like the purpose of mainstream reporting, including on "left-leaning" networks like MSNBC as well as supposed "centrist" outlets like PBS and certainly on "right leaning" outlets, is to sort of ease this country into realizing and/or accepting that our nation is now an autocracy, has now been taken over by an autocratic regime. Some welcome this, but those of us who do not are being slow-walked into realizing it too late. Does it look this way to you?
Hey, in the olden days everybody carried around torn out pages from the Wilderness Press guidebook and the guidebook recommended everybody skip the Sierras and end their hike with a return to the Sierras for a SoBo section to end on top of Whitney. That's probably good advice for this year, so don't feel bad at all about bailing on the Sierras. It used to be the recommended "best" way to do it, at least by the authors of the official PCT guidebook back then.
I'm sad there are only 75. At least my town is having one and I will be there. My expectation is few people, all of them old. It's graduation day for the university today.
I have only ever seen one. He shows up with this weird glazed over look and his MAGA hat and tries to just stand near people with this weird grin and hope they beat him up or something. I worry he's going to do a mass shooting at one of our summer parades one of these times because that weird look makes me think he's not well.
We already have Pence. He's one of the many puppeteers behind the scenes. "Vice President of Persecuting the Gays" or something.
Turnout in my city was about 100. Small. It is graduation weekend for the university so there is reason why there were only a handful of younger people. What was encouraging however was that we did go out and march up the street. I live in a tourist town and from my experience trying to register voters on our main street once, I know that almost nobody on the street is local. We got a lot of honks and waves and fist bumps and people joining in our chants or giving us applause. We only had a small handful of hecklers. It was pretty apparent from the supporters out there that people are really frustrated that there aren't impeachment hearings already.
My god she is amazing. I watched the whole interview. I want a representative in Congress like her.
Wake up: He will not lose. He will cheat. The Republicans will help him cheat. He will start a war in order to win. He will launch nukes if he needs to to win. He will use foreign interference to win. He will use blackmail, extortion, attacks on the electrical grid, cyber crimes, anything and everything. The Republicans will enable it all. He and the Republicans will not allow Trump to lose.
Yes. And I'm still waiting to see if Elizabeth Warren has a plan for that. I emailed to ask if she has a plan to abolish anonymous shell corporations and anonymous real estate purchases but I did not hear back.
Either do both at the same time or ditch Mitch first.
How can you be a star witness in secret, hidden away behind closed doors?
I knew they'd destroy it on November 9 when I saw they got all three branches. That's what Republicans do.
I've read a great amount of the report. I plan to finish the rest on a long plane trip I'm taking in a few weeks. Mueller's team and the judges gave the people he did indict very light sentences. He allowed Manafort to have access to the internet in jail, allowed him to continue to commit crimes from jail. The judge in Stone's case lets him get away with crimes, too. Mueller did not interview Trump, Trump Jr., Ivanka among others. His probe to me appeared to have been cut short and strongly contained so that it would end up letting the most inner-circle people get away with it. You should listen to the Gaslit Nation podcast for perspective. Or read NY Times's article titled [How to Hide $400 Million](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/30/magazine/how-to-hide-400-million.html). I read that article even before the full scope of what happened was revealed to us, so when Mueller got started I knew they'd never do a real probe after reading that article. Basically, Mueller's probe was a big fail. He was out-maneuvered by the transnational web organized criminals, business leaders and governments that he was up against. Mueller knew about all this in 2011, even [gave a speech](https://archives.fbi.gov/archives/news/speeches/the-evolving-organized-crime-threat) about the national security danger they posed to the United States, but he didn't do anything then and now with a second chance to catch them, they basically all got away again. He should have indicted more people. And all these white collar crimes should be punished a lot harder.
I've got a cross-country plane trip, with super long layovers between all the legs, so I think I have time to listen to the whole audio book.
The REDACTED Mueller report that so far not a single Congress person has bothered to ask whether it was prematurely ended.
To be fair, she was not raped by the President of the US. She was raped by Trump decades before he was ever president. A rape allegation that happened during his time in office might have a different outcome. Especially if it involved underaged girls. Why don't these reporters find out what's actually going on at Trump's properties?
I'm not the person you responded to but my parents (who are slightly older than Boomer age) are life-long Republicans and because of Trump they say they will not vote Republican for any office until he is gone.
Most of us practice simple austerity by having to pay the vast majority of our money toward rent, gasoline to get to work, costumes to wear at work, the education we got to get a job to begin with and medicine to make up for the crap food we eat that's killing us but at least is cheap enough to buy after the rent and the gas and the bills. And some of us actually decided not to have children, which is probably the most effective thing you could do for the environment.
Cellphones everywhere.
I don't like it that so many knives are out for him, but I have to admit that after hearing his more recent statements, the thought I had is that he kinda seems like he might be trying to let the camel's nose under the tent on the idea of welcoming the racists back into the Democratic party as a way of getting more voters.
&gt;The entire Republican Party is complicit. A criminal syndicate masquerading as a government.
&gt;They are a criminal enterprise, not a political party, and McConnell isn't even the Don, he's just the fixer. Yep, as Sarah Kendzior says, a criminal syndicate masquerading as a government.
When I was a young woman working at an outdoor flower stand I had a co-worker who was an old woman. One night at closing time a man came to rob her so she bashed him over the head with the cash box. She was like the hero to all of us girls (the company had something like 10 flower stands all around town.) I learned something important that day from her: do not react how they think you'll react. Don't demure, don't be polite. Fucking hit them over the head with the cash box or create a huge public scene. I threatened to stab one guy with my clippers and other times I would just run out into the street and start screaming crazy shit to cause everybody to look. That would make the guy run away faster than anything. Yeah, a lot of shit went down working there. I learned some street smarts after 5 years of working there.
I'm amazed this is public and nobody has said anything before. I read about it from Sarah Kendzior, I read some court transcripts or something like that, but I did not know there were videos and a website. I'm really disgusted by Tiffany. That whole family is so sick. This really is a criminal syndicate masquerading as a government.
It's the 5,829th scandal because they cover up crime with scandal, so it's the 5,829th crime while in office, too. And we should protest all of it.
Flower shops are where people go for all their major life events so every customer you get is at their absolute worst. It's the worst day of their life, or it's about to be the worst day of their life, or they are bridezilla and it's about to be the worst day of YOUR life, or they're some creep who needs "a dozen reds" to get out of the doghouse (like that's ever going to work on me.)
How about instead of protests someone dressed in all black go over to Congressman whoever's office and lock a heavy chain on the door so he can't get in, or nail it shut or something. Or how about you gather a group to figure out where the ice vans park at night and get a team to follow them around during the day and report where they are going so you can post that information somewhere, take cellphone videos or whatever. I think the time has come to stop being Good Germans and step things up a little bit.
What if the entire country (or at least the entire Resistance (TM)) went on a sustained intermittent fast? A 1-4 hour eating window each day for all of us. We'd all lose weight for swimsuit season AND we'd manage to withhold a little bit of profits from Nestle/Cargill/Pepsi/\[insert major food-industry corp here\]. Pretty silly, I know, but it's time for us to start thinking outside the box.
This is why: [https://www.press.uchicago.edu/Misc/Chicago/511928.html](https://www.press.uchicago.edu/Misc/Chicago/511928.html) &amp;#x200B; It's an excerpt from They Thought They Were Free in case you are afraid to click. It's worth reading even if you have heard it or heard of it before.
That's another stall tactic. [**Ross Garber**‏Verified account @**rossgarber**](https://twitter.com/rossgarber) What to expect: DOJ will send the Committees a letter saying that Mueller is prohibited from saying anything not already in his report. Mueller will defer to letter and provide lawyerly answers to Committee members’ mini speeches. Clock will run out. House recesses til September.
It didn't do literally nothing. After that protest people in my community formed several response groups as well as an umbrella organization where all the groups and activists come together to report on what they've accomplished and what they're going to do next. They've held meetings and actions ever since. On this particular issue alone there is a group of local lawyers and others providing free legal services and transportation to the courthouse for migrants caught up in this as well as another group that writes postcards and letters and donates money and items. But that was not the only issue where people started working.
What people don't seem to understand when they complain that she's not behaving like a victim is supposed to behave is this: 1. She has no intention of claiming victim status so she won't say she was raped even though she was. This is completely understandable to anybody who has ever been a victim. To do so is psychologically damaging. To do so changes who you think you are. To do so means maybe you might have to follow some procedure you really don't want to do. This is why victims of child abuse don't want to say they were abused. Or victims of mental illness don't want to accept they are mentally ill. Or why poor people don't want to believe they are poor. If you say you are abused, don't you have to then go get therapy? Maybe you don't want to. Or if you're poor or sick or whatever, doesn't that mean you have to ask for help? Lots of people in our culture do NOT want to ask for help. It makes you dependent. Do you get it? 2. People are questioning her motive and timing. She told you she is not a victim but you're still expecting a victim's motive and a victim's timing. She always justified the experience in her own mind as having been an amazing story to tell everyone someday. She carried that story around for decades, so what better way to continue to not be a victim than to cash in on the great story she always thought the event was supposed to be? People who criticize the timing wanted her to use her story for their own purposes: to humiliate Trump, prevent his election, prosecute him, to advance victims rights, whatever. But she wanted to use her story for her own purpose: to cash in. So the timing is fine. The motive is perfect. 3. And as far as motive goes...If she's not a victim, if she's ready to tell the story to cash in on the trump show, and if she calls it a fight (and it is probably a fight she has carried around inside her soul all these years), well then the motive is pretty easy to see. The best revenge is a life well-lived. Her life was well-lived and his selfish, violent act did not change that. It didn't change her self-worth. It didn't change her self-definition. She fought back and won, as far as she is concerned. That should be enough for all of us. It's certainly enough for her. She is 76 years old and this is how she has coped. It's how a lot of women have coped with all the horrible things that have happened to them. It's how a lot of MEN cope with the horrible things that happen to them, too.
I have never been so broke that I would willingly get a job at a slaughterhouse doing the killing, or get a job where I had to wipe people's butts for them, and I have been broke as anyone. If I had to work somewhere like one of these child prisons I would vomit, and I would go home the first day in tears and never return. I would rather be homeless and live in a tent than do any of those things.
Why not just volunteer your time for something tangible? There's got to be some way you can contribute. You can find out by attending a meeting of some kind of resistance group. Things like Indivisible, or if there's some kind of community progressive group or, or if there's a protest on July 12 for Lights for Liberty there might be members of various groups seeking volunteers. Just look around and keep looking until you find something you can do.
Lights for Liberty, July 12. If there isn't one in your city, start one. [https://www.lightsforliberty.org/](https://www.lightsforliberty.org/)
Don't forget the cozy little racket McConnell's got going with his wife in the cabinet granting special favors while McConnell's boot is squarely on Trump's neck saying "you do what I say or you get impeached." It's incredible we get a lofty 71 on the 0-100 scale.
I have made shoes and sandals using a stitching awl and it is possible to do uniform stitching, at least uniform enough, because you sort of get into a trance having to make so many stitches. The repetitive process sort of results in uniformity, but it still looks homemade. The thing is, because it looks homemade, people ask you how on earth you were able to make such uniform stitches, which is sort of an oxymoron, because if they were really perfect, they wouldn't think it was homemade and wouldn't ask. Ha ha. If that makes any sense.
I usually just fumble in the dark on backpacks and don't use any light, but I keep finding free lights. I found a 2-LED headlamp on the PCT in 2008. Still have it, still works. I found a Petzle in the street one morning. Still have it, still works. I have found several LED bicycle lights on the bike path. These will work in a pinch for a hike.
Just don't push your luck and wear the Frogg Toggs on a motorcycle. They'll work for a while until suddenly, poof. Instantly shredded.
Being a midget is why I never bought one. The tent would be okay, but I didn't think I'd be able to use it as a poncho.
Hey, thanks for the idea. That might be a good way to stop it from shredding apart. Mine is all torn up from putting it on the outside of my pack and walking through some harsh bushes.
No my GG 1/8 inch foam got ripped up. It's probably too late to fix it now, but maybe in the future I will try sticking on a layer of reflectix at least on some of it so that I can keep it on the outside of my pack. The brush is pretty scratchy where I hike and I like being able to just whip out the foam pad to sit on for rest breaks. Once it started getting all shredded I had to put it in my pack and then it was taking up space and not being useful during the day.
I'm just a 5'3" lady by the way who hiked the PCT in 2008/9 and my base weight was about 11lbs. As I went along I actually added stuff. I needed stuff to wear while during laundry, and I was alone and wanted to read a book so I started carrying a paperback book, and I got cold so bought a shirt at the thrift store in Mammoth and then later I was being eaten alive by mosquitoes so I started carrying around a gigantic can of fogging deet but they were biting me through my shirt so I bought a cotton t-shirt at shelter cove. I didn't care about weight anymore since my food was so darn heavy anyway. I didn't care about anything really except food.
I keep toothpicks in a bic pen that I've removed the inner pen part and cut to size. A needle would fit nicely, too.
I have an 8x10 silnylon Equinox tarp. Equinox is inexpensive. Get their tarp instead of making your own. 8x10 is a great size. It's very versatile, roomy, spacious. I've mostly done an A-frame because I made my own bug net and it is an A-frame shape. But I've also done a single-pole "cave" set-up. I like my tarp a lot. I like that it has no moving parts, nothing to break. The cotton-tie outs are great. They won't break. The tarp gets wet with dew or rain, but who cares, you shove it in the back pocket of your pack and dry it off later. If it's raining, you throw your pack down, throw the tarp over it, and then set it up over your pack. I've camped in it in the rain and I did not get wet. I try to find cozy places with bushes to cut the wind. It's surprisingly warm under the tarp. It keeps warmth in just like a tent. I can fit my bed and my pack and my shoes under the tarp, and my pack and shoes don't have to be very close to me.
You don't really need doors. If you pick your site so there are bushes to block the wind, that helps a lot. If things are really really bad and your tarp is an 8x10, you can make a really long, low A-frame like a tunnel and you'll be able to get far far away from the opening, or you can set it up like a cave with only one side open. I've also wondered if you could make a Ray Way batwing and make it work with a random generic tarp in A-frame set-up. So far I've not had any problems with my tarp and rain or any need for a door. My last trip was 12 days and about half of them had rain. I just made sure wherever I camped had a lot of bushes around me.
I truly believe that the perfect PCT hike would start in the middle, somewhere around Sierra City, and go north. Then come back and go south. You would end up having two celebratory moments at each border, you'd avoid snow in Washington and in the Sierras. You'd avoid the worst mosquitoes of the Sierras. You'd hike in So Cal in the fall which is a very nice time of year to hike in So Cal. Alternatively, if you truly think only a one-direction thru-hike is the best way, you can start a little bit up from the border and do the border to wherever section later. You can minimize the amount of time you aren't within the herd going one-way that way. I'm not sure where the boundary is for the furthest place you can start without having to get a lottery date. Do your research. So many people every year have to skip a portion of the trail due to snow or fire or weddings or Burning Man or injuries or whatever. It's really no big deal to make a hike that is not perfectly end-to-end.
When I NOBO'd the PCT I never wore my down jacket except in town. SOBO might be different. I was a 44 year old woman hiking the trail and I was never cold enough while walking to have to wear my down jacket. I could always just wear a warm hat and a rain jacket over all my layers and walk faster, even under very cold conditions with rain and sleet. I'm telling you all this not to recommend you leave your down jacket home, because only seriously crazy people like me do stuff like that, but to suggest that maybe the biggest puffy is overkill.
Another vote for Washington.
I found one locally, and I have seen them in local thrift stores and just yesterday I saw one in a box of free stuff. The one I have is 100% cotton and says dry clean only. Ha ha! I dunked that sucker in a creek and it was just fine. Just look up sarong and you can find Indonesian batik or Indian ones and other kinds, often sold as a wrap for after swimming. You'll see that you've seen them before. You can probably get something like it at Walmart.
I love my Zpacks pack. My torso is 16" though so I have no idea what to recommend.
I totally would have tried one but I'm just too fat. 440 calories for a bar called Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough that looked like a bock of cookie dough.
Mice, rats or squirrels were only a problem for me in the campground in Lassen and in Northern Washington. Otherwise I had no problem. I have lived in So Cal my whole life and have never had a problem with just sleeping with my food.
You can do it if you want, but I guarantee you that you will send that sucker up the trail to Kennedy Meadows or Lone Pine at your earliest opportunity. It's not just heavy, it hurts your back because of the shape, and it's not necessary. Your stuff doesn't make you happy, hiking makes you happy and laboring under back-breaking loads is not hiking, it's being a donkey. No mini-animals are going to eat your food for at least the first 2500 miles of the trail.
There's not much rain in the Sierras. It's probably handy to have rain pants though because they double as just pants or as a warmer layer. Don't underestimate how awful the weather can be in So Cal. It's not summer yet when you are there, and you are going through high altitude and low and areas that have a lot of strong wind and weather changes.
Looks like the bars are 3oz and \~50% fat.
You could buy stuff in San Diego and ship it ahead to yourself if you have some extra time at the beginning. Public transportation is basically terrible in Southern California, but you might be able to get yourself to an REI or Adventure 16. A lot of people go to the REI in Northridge from Agua Dulce, which is another option. I know Hiker Heaven is going out of business, but there may be other people willing to give a ride if they're not in business this year (I can't remember which year they leave). There's a metrolink train from Via Princessa in Santa Clarita that will take you to Union Station in downtown Los Angeles as well. Santa Clarita is hitchhiking distance from Agua Dulce. In other words, it's possible to physically purchase stuff along the way to ship to yourself and you can learn more details once you arrive.
How much have you worn the possum down gloves? Are they getting a hole because of holding trekking poles? Maybe just get a new pair. I think possum down gloves are awesome. I love the ones I have. I've also used cheap fleece ones like you can get at old navy. I don't tend to care that gloves are particularly high-tech or whatever.
What I have done is taken the platypus hoses from two platypus systems and cut them short so that I have a platypus bag with dirty water, a hose attaching the bag to the intake of the filter, then a hose attached to the outtake of the filter attached to whatever bag I'm filling up. Squeeze one platypus into the other through the filter. I usually will filter all the water at the source that I need because I may as well drink up and take a break at the source before moving on. I'm not sure the difference between all the different sawyers out there, but I recently got one that you can attach to a water bottle and just drink directly from it. I might try doing it that way, but I have not tried that yet. I still think I'd filter at least one bottle to drink at the source before refilling it and moving on, at least under desert-like conditions.
I found those guidebook maps completely useless though. I could not read them. There wasn't enough map. I feel similarly about the halfmile maps. There's not really enough map to be all that useful. Learning my hiking pace and timing myself with a watch has been the most useful and consistent way I've navigated the PCT.
I've often wondered about thrift store poly or nylon athletic pants, and removing the lining. Not sure if that would make them all that lighter than anything else, but it would be cheap.
In my personal opinion, over 800 fill is not worth the price or compressability difference. And being more compressable means it will compress by the weight of the fabric of the bag and the dew that falls on it if you sleep out, or by the expression of body moisture into it, so not worth it. 600 fill is basically chicken feathers so that's not worth it either. 800 is the sweet spot.
I have sewn one of my side pockets taller myself so that it will hold my platypus without it flopping out. If you think you will use the taller pocket, it's worth it. If you don't have a taller pocket and need one, you can rig up something with shock cording, which I have done on a newer pack I have.
There is a nice loop you can do in the Los Padres National Forest. You go in at Rose Valley, hike up to Pine Mountain Lodge on the Gene Marshall trail (there's no lodge there), then up and over the mountain and down the Cedar Creek Trail to a dirt road which you follow along the Piru Creek to the Johnston Ridge Trail. Take the Johnston Ridge Trail down to the Sespe where there is a hot spring and a hot creek. Take the Sespe Trail back out to your car and there is a second hot spring, Willett, 10 miles from your car. This loop is about 45 miles. If that's too long, you can just do the Sespe Trail portion and visit both the hot springs, camping at Willett and visiting the Sespe hot spring as a day hike. This is a very popular hike. The Sespe portion of it is sort of deserty and the Pine Mountain Lodge/Piru Creek portion is forested. It's not as dramatic as the Sierras but it's more dramatic than most of the So Cal section of the Pacific Crest Trail.
Zero waste is probably not possible. I reused my zip-locks on my hike. I did not eat out of a zip-lock, I put my food in my cook pot and ate out of my cook pot. That way my zip-locks could be reused. I also did not use toilet paper. Look up backcountry poo poo clinic on youtube. I also took the train home, which maybe is less carbon footprint than flying. I'm not sure what else could be done. You're pretty low impact while out there compared to your normal life. Zero waste is not possible for anybody because I'm thinking most people know what a cornfield looks like but not what a strawberry field or a cilantro field or a field of lettuce or spinach or tomatoes looks like. The entire field is covered in plastic and the plants grow through little holes in the plastic. Or in the case of things like tomatoes, canopies of plastic sheeting are set up over the crops. After they grow the crops, they collect the plastic in the field and I've seen it in gigantic piles. It's a shitload of plastic. There is no way around it except to maybe to live in an intentional community growing your own food with chickens and whatever else.
Your gear is sporting equipment. You should check it. People check their skis and other equipment all the time. For your pack, put it in a cheap duffel and then when you arrive, give your duffel away, mail it home, or toss it.
I have hiked hundreds of miles in sandals. I always wear socks. Sandals will always rub me raw somewhere without socks out on the dry and dusty. I can go without socks walking miles and miles in town, but not on the trail.
If you are an avowed non-camp shoe person you will send your camp shoes home, guaranteed.
A section that includes the Goat Rocks.
Agreed. The Chinese no longer want our recycled plastic because there's a glut. Fleece is fleece. It's a commodity. It's our trash sent back to us. You're paying for the label.
Agreed. People don't understand how you actually bargain shop like a professional. It involves taking walks in certain neighborhoods and always looking in the free boxes they leave on the curb after garage sales. It involves regular recreational shopping at thrift shops just in case something awesome finally shows up. It involves putting it out there that you're looking for something on the slight chance someone might say they've got an extra and will give it to you.
Screw the bushcraft shelters. Put in bushcraft masonry campfire chairs. That would be way more welcomed and useful.
Read Paul Mags' website. He's got some tips.
I like it better to put the z-lite on top of the pack instead of inside. Then when you sit down to take a break you just take it off the pack, whip it out and have a place to take a nap instantly.
My Patagonia pants lost stitching around the pockets within months and the rear pockets fell apart after a year. They were men's not women's (women's clothes are always worse). I've since fixed them myself to keep them going. Paying $100 for brand-name gear is not really better than sewing a hiking skirt out of an old polyester bed sheet.
Hiker trash!
Thanks for taking one for the team! That cookie dough one looked to me like real cookie dough. I just couldn't try one though because I am too fat and I got injured and can't even exercise right now. :(
The way to line them up is to velcro them together, stick on one surface, then lay it on the other surface. Then gingerly un-velcro so you can push hard on the adhesive. Alternately, instead of velcro dots, use velcro strips and then there's a bigger target and better grip. I used to velcro two pieces of foam together for my pad each night using one long strip and it never separated despite all my tossing and turning.
Thank you. I'm grateful my injuries are not nearly as bad as your wife's. Now that I know what a head injury is like, even if mine was pretty mild, I will have a lot more understanding for what people go through.
Holy moly. Your gear video is pretty impressive. You could bring that with you for day hikes and be ready for anything. It wouldn't add that much weight to have an actually warm sleeping bag either.
Crow has an excellent outlook on resupplying in crappy little places where other people won't find stuff. I used her method in Seiad Valley and realized I could resupply with a lot of packaged breakfast pastries, and later I used her method in Washington when I realized I could get a loaf of bread and some peanut butter and jelly and do pretty well on that. I bought other stuff, too.
One time I hiked 16 miles down Quincy-La Porte road before someone finally picked me up. He had seen me on his way to work. It was afternoon now and he was on his way home and I was still walking down that damn road. One time I was in Crater Lake National Park and decided I would hitch up to the rim, spend the day relaxing and hike back down as a sort of cheater way of doing it (I didn't know it's super illegal to hitchhike in National Parks, oh well). I turned to look at traffic and when I saw who I wanted a ride from I stuck out my thumb. This is my ride, I thought to myself. They stopped, they were old people, they told me they have never picked up a hitchhiker in their entire lives but something about me said pick me up (I'm a woman, by the way, and I was 44 years old then.) Turned out they had a son who worked near the Post Office so they took me to meet their son. I had to get another ride from there up to the rim so I stuck out my thumb and got picked up by a nice lady in a van full of kids, one of which was retarded, and it was really fun having them ask me so many questions about my hike. Nice people. When I got up to the rim I met an old friend I hadn't seen in a long while too. It was a great day for a lonely hiker who hadn't seen other hikers in weeks. One time I got picked up at Echo Lake by a lady nurse. She was so depressed and didn't know what to do with her life. She saw me and thought maybe my story would inspire her to make a change in her life. Something similar happened in Ashland. Somebody picked me up because he'd had a dream to someday hike the PCT and wanted to hear about it from me. I had similar things happen like that a lot and it made me realize that my big hike, for however much of an indulgence it was for myself, it also helped a lot of people. In a way it was bigger than me. I often thought of that whenever I wanted to quit. I couldn't let all these other people down.
That will work much better than the one I used to blow up my canister stove. For people complaining that things like this do not last, I made a wind screen from a disposable aluminum cookie sheet for my alcohol stove and carried it the entire PCT and it's still as good as the day I made it. Storing it in your cookpot works. And even if it does break, there's a grocery store near you with lots more aluminum sheeting available.
I've had good luck with a trash compactor bag. I swam across several High Sierra streams wearing my non-waterproof pack with my sleeping bag inside a trash compactor bag. The bag had several pin-prick holes and was merely twisted at the top and folded over, so not really that good of a seal. My pack was completely submerged in water. My sleeping bag did not get wet at all. I have also had good luck with a sea-to-summit pocket shower using it as a dry bag for my sleeping bag. And also as a shower.
Is that the same kind of stuff they use when you're house is tented for termites? We saved all those bags and I used one as a food bag but it had the strangest property of becoming soft when the air was moist and then dry and brittle when the air was dry.
Essentially my stove had a plastic knob to control the gas valve and the plastic knob melted. The stove then turned into a volcano as all the gas was released. I do not know if the plastic knob was why it failed, but it was certainly why I couldn't stop the process when it happened. Fortunately this happened in a parking lot so I didn't burn down the whole forest. I think that instead of a wind screen, which is excess weight and has risks, it's better to just create a wind break from rocks or eat cold food if it's really windy. It wasn't even that windy when I used it. I thought it would make my stove more efficient. Lesson learned.
Why not hike all the way toward Cottonwood pass? Take the Trail Pass trail. It's 2 miles to Horseshoe meadows from there and you get there before Cottonwood pass. Then hitch down to Lone Pine. You can take the Eastern Sierra Transportation down to Lancaster and then the train to Union Station in Los Angeles. Then it's pretty easy getting back on the PCT and you'll also have the desert fully behind you.
I was 10 when I first heard of the PCT back in 1975. I always wanted to hike it. Then I read an article in the LA Times in my 30s about a 66-year-old lady who hiked the PCT every year with her goat and lived in an RV in the winter. I wanted to be that lady someday. Then I had a job at a software company in my 40s that made me what to cry every day. I hated my job. I took a career exploration class and realized I wanted to be paid in wildflowers, not money. I had enough money saved up already so I quit and 6 weeks later I was on the PCT living my dream. Now I'm back to my old boring working life and I think about the PCT every day still (and the CDT and the Arizona Trail and the North Country Trail and the Condor Trail ...) but I gotta work so I can be that 66-year-old lady because I still want to be her someday (minus the goat.)
It helps if you put an ETA on the box, but you're still pushing your luck to have them hold a box for multiple months. You'll probably need gloves in the desert and you'll probably never need heavy gloves.
Why worry about it? Just do it. If you can't finish the whole thing you can always return to finish the rest. The all-or-nothing attitude so many people have about the long trails is really detrimental and unnecessary. The trail holds no magic based on its completely arbitrary length. The experience will be a thru-hiker experience for as long as you are there and then it will be over -poof- gone.
Water shut off? I'm trying to think of campground water sources that I relied on that were turned on in the spring and I can't think of any. It seemed if anything was reliable it was that a campground wasn't going to have any water.
I was 43/44 when I hiked the PCT and I didn't have too much trouble getting along with younger people. I'm now 54/55 and I'm finding that they don't want to have anything to do with me, I'm almost completely invisible to them. The only people who do want to acknowledge my presence and converse with me are foreign. I think it's mostly because so many of them are former AT hikers and already know each other. I'm happy to be totally alone all the time so it doesn't bother me much.
I got off the trail for a resupply in Lone Pine from Horseshoe Meadows. I did not have to go out at Kearsarge. I did Forrester and Glenn on the same day. But I did bail out over Bishop Pass and ended up having to come back and make up a segment between Bishop Pass and Duck Pass. So maybe if my hike had been pure I could say that I did a segment longer than 6 days. But I didn't.
I think my avocado slicer would be the most hipster gear.
Wow, what a pain in the ass. I'm sorry for everyone who believes in a pure thru-hike and nothing less. At least it's not really that hard to get through the Sierras in 35 days. "Travel in the Southern Sierra must be continuous with no skips or changes in direction and must be completed in no more than 35 days. If permit holders skip any portion of the Southern Sierra and wish to return to travel through the area they must obtain new permits from the local land management agencies. PCT long-distance permits will no longer be valid for travel through the Southern Sierra as travel is no longer continuous. The permit remains valid elsewhere." I have in the past gone to the ranger station in Lone Pine to get a walk-in permit on spur of the moment, and they told me that entering at Trail Pass or Mulkey Pass (I think that's the name) are non-quota trails, meaning it's easy to get a wilderness permit if that's where you enter. So if that's still true (call them up and ask), I think the rule about getting a new pass would still work if you left the trail there.
Isn't the hybrid what packs are made of and DCF what tarps are made of? Because I actually have two DCF tents (my boyfriend does actually) and one DCF pack and they are different. The pack has woven polyester bonded to one side.
That is me, yep. I hiked across the Los Padres to the PCT in 2009. That was the year I completed the trail to Canada. I started the trail in 2008. Once I met up with the PCT, I hiked to Lone Pine and then I kinda bounced around the Sierras a bit. High snow year and still snowing so I skipped up to Tuolumne and met a friend who was thru hiking so I hiked with him through section I. We did an alternate route down the Grand Canyon of the Tuolumne to stay out of the snow. At Sonora Pass after too much of having him fish me out of creeks before I met my doom, and then getting lost and going over Emmigrant Pass to Kennedy Meadows North by accident instead of Sonora Pass, I decided that was enough Sierra adventure for me and I'd already hiked beyond Sonora Pass the year before so I started bouncing around Nor Cal and then I did a pure linear hike from Castle Crags to Canada. I hiked across the Los Padres again this year. Started at Nira campground and hiked portions of the Condor Trail and then 2.5 days on the PCT SOBO to Agua Dulce. Was a great 12-day trip. HYOH is the way to do this stuff, especially now that I've read all those annoying permit rules. The Los Padres Forest blows away So Cal PCT for beauty and variability. The Grand Canyon of the Tuolumne blows the PCT away too. I'm glad my advice was helpful. I try to tame people's fears and their "what if??" instincts and their unrealistic ideas/fears of "the desert" and tendency to bring/buy too much stuff. I think forums and apps turn people into sheep, too. HYOH really means something.
P.S. Thank you for showing me this. I didn't know it had gotten so bad. I guess my PCT days are over. What a pain in the ass all that is. The good news though is that I love making my own wild routes so that will be my new challenge: A blue-blazed PCT.
I tweeze all the time with those. I'm like an old hag witch with all the unwanted hairs on my face. They work better than other tweezers but I admit I don't think I've used them with a tick.
This is succinctly beautiful.
I've done it both ways. I've done it where I stayed at the resort for 2 nights and soaked in the hot springs, nursed my wounds, met lots of nice people and that was wonderful, and I've done it where I walked over to the PO, then sorted my food at the community center and off I went. Most people are unaware when they get to Warner Springs how great the trail ahead is for the next few hours. I mean, it's like the dream come true of meadows, flowers and a burbling little creek and lots of great places to camp. The polar opposite of what you've just suffered through. If the community center is gone, it won't hurt your experience. People will adjust. You can still resupply or rest or get some snacks in Mt. Laguna, Julian, the RV park near Scissors Crossing, Idylwild, and Anza. It's weird if you drive that area you realize these places aren't so remote like it seems. You could hitch to Julian or Idylwild multiple times, because Julian is pretty close to both Laguna and Warner Springs, and Idylwild is fairly close to Paradise Cafe area and Cabazon.
Oh, I'm not so self-actualized. I think I'm kind of a sell-out, sitting here in my job only dreaming about my hikes 10 years, now 11 years ago and cursing the accident I had last week that injured my knee and my brain and made me think I might never hike again. I'm thinking I might heal, but WTF? It can all be taken away in an instant by someone who would rather click the like button on their facebook than watch where they're going. I'm not self-actualized, just observant and I listen to people. I hiked Section I, sort of, with Chuck and Lenny. You're not that Chuck, I don't think. Maybe you're the guy who gave me a soda on the dirt road in the aquaduct section.
I think most people take somewhere around 5-7 days. If you have a whole work week plus weekends you can do it and have travel time and rest time.
The OP did not describe herself as a straight slender frame, and neither do I. "Womanly hips" is a more polite way of saying "overweight".
I only tracked my miles. On a recent long distance hike I did not track my miles and it was liberating. And good god do not track your body measurements. Liberate yourself from all that while out on trail. Leave that critical voice home, the one that measures your worth in whatever way, and enjoy yourself.
I did this way back in 1999. It was an incredible experience. You will have a wonderful time. And since this is the Ultralight forum, you probably won't be dumb like I was and make the porter carry a huge duffel full of unworn clothes and other crap I didn't need.
It's good to hire a porter or guide to negotiate your rooms and help you not get cheated and it's also good to support the local economy.
Whenever someone asks you if you're afraid of lions or bears or snakes, or whenever you think you should be afraid of them, remember that this is the biggest danger you will face. This and icy snow. Water is must scarier than bears or rattlesnakes.
I have dreams of my past one, 11 years ago. I miss it so much.
I quit my job to thru-hike. I'm in the same job as before. If you want to move out west you could work in the digital art world out here but if you want to thru-hike, you should do it between jobs.
Reinforcing it is beyond my skillset. I spend more time seam ripping than sewing. If you can figure out a good way to do it, it may be worth a try, but I'm not sure how it would be done. The only time I ever lined a bag (it was a small simple bag) it made the bag a lot smaller and I couldn't fit what I wanted to put in there anymore.
I'm also fair skin/eyes. One thing I did was buy a pair of roll-up sunglasses. A friend swore by them, that they were ultralight and he could wear them over his regular glasses. So I bought them, but I didn't wear regular glasses so having these things against my face didn't work very well. They fogged up and made my eyes sweaty. I brought them with me anyway in case of emergency. In the Sierras I lost my sunglasses and I was so glad I had these because I would have gone snow-blind. Also, my lost sunglasses were too weak anyway, the quality of the light combined with all the white granite and snow was really difficult for me. The roll-ups helped me get to Lee Vining where I was able to buy another pair of much darker sunglasses. I have saved a pair of roll-ups that they give you after eye exams so that I can carry them as backups. Those are super dark. I think they'd be very soothing at high altitude in the snow at noon. If you do get prescription sunglasses, get the darkest ones you can. The sun on the PCT is really intense, even in So Cal. I live in So Cal but the sun is more intense on the PCT than where I live. The wrap-around glacier thing may or may not be necessary. I wish all the time I had glacier glasses just to read the paper at the coffeehouse because it annoys me so much when light comes in through the side and bounces of the inside of my glasses. Oh and one other thing, I wear regular glasses now that I'm old. Progressive lenses. I can't see a damn thing wearing them while hiking because the magnification is down at my feet and I can't see the ground. I tried to ask the optician if I could order glasses without the progressive part and she thought I was nuts and wouldn't do it. I figured out that if I ordered glasses through Zenni online I could modify my prescription to remove the magnification part of my prescription. So I ordered a pair of glasses that has only the astigmatism part of the prescription, not the magnification part. Now I have a pair for hiking and for going to the movies.
Personally I cannot sleep with mosquitoes whining inches from my face in a headnet. I also cannot sleep if I'm too warm inside my sleeping bag but unable to stick an arm or leg out because of mosquitoes. And I cannot eat my dinner in a calm manner if mosquitoes are dive-bombing into my food and attacking my fingers, and I can't lay back and relax in my underwear without a large enclosure for my body to keep mosquitoes away.
I got wet in cold early spring rain and became sub-hypothermic. I slept okay naked in my bag and in the morning I wore my z-rest around my body and polycryo ground sheet around my shoulders in my freezing cold wet clothes and made it out to my car. Had I not been 12 miles from my car I probably would have started a fire in the morning and dried my clothes out while wearing my sleeping bag. One way to lighten your pack is with your brain. Be creative.
Dry camping is the best camping. You drink a big belly full, get your water for camping and the next day, and then hike on as far as you can get so you're closer to the next water. In any case, the first day I started late in the afternoon and made it 9 miles. That's not even Hauser Canyon. There's a creek at mile 3, and a nice campsite right beyond it, but most people think the creek's water looks toxic. It's probably fine compared to being rescued for dehydration.
I think wag bags would really reduce the bottleneck here.
She is mistaken about this whole desert thing. The start of the trail is a big mixture of lots of different kinds of scenery. It's not Wile E Coyote territory. It's really beautiful. There will be lots of wildflowers, meadows with oaks, pine forest, desert cactus garden, oak woodlands and chaparral in the section to Warner Springs. Another nice section is around Mt. San Jacinto. It's a lot like the Sierras. You might be willing there to take it slower and make a side trip to the summit. It's also a relatively short car shuttle from Cabazon area to Idyllwild if they have two cars. Probably the best place to join you is before you become really hard-core. Once you become hard-core you will not be able to hike at their speed or tolerate the lolly-gagging they will want to do. You'll kill them with your pace and stamina. I know because I've been on both ends of this. I kept up with some thrus once but it was hard and I was mad they wouldn't stop and go swimming or rest. When someone tried to keep up with me when I was a thru, I about killed him making him hike way more miles than he wanted to do.
A few years ago my partner and I were in Death Valley and we got a flat tire at the Racetrack. We got out our spare and the spare was also flat. There happened to be a guy there who had compressed air and he refilled our spare and helped us change the tire. We were concerned we were so far from civilization without a spare tire. We checked the map and it appeared to be shorter to take a road called Lippencott Mine road to get to Panamint Springs so we went for it. Holy shit, that's not a normal road! We were never so scared. It was super narrow, a 4wd road, no turnarounds. I kept thinking to myself, hauling around 4000lbs of SUV is so much more dangerous than hauling around my pack. I could hike the however many miles to Panamint Springs in a day or two (it was winter and I could even do it without water if I needed to). I might not make it out alive if I depended on this vehicle for my survival. We of course made it out okay.
A light pack isn't the first thing to buy it's the last.
I might sleep in them.
I regularly layer a 45 degree quilt with a 20 degree one. I'm able to sleep a lot more comfortably when it's cold. I never go anywhere that's below around low 20s at night so I can't answer your exact question, but my experience is that this is a really versatile way of maximizing your comfort because you can clip the two quilts together so they work as one, or you can just put the top one over you loosely and cover your entire head (my favorite way), or you can pull it inside your bag and sort of cuddle with it and lay it over parts of your body, or you can just pile it next to you where there's a draft coming in.
I've had convertibles for a very long time but I rarely zip off the legs. Because most hiking pants seem to be convertibles, it's hard to find non-convertibles that fit me, but I did finally find a pair. If I ever needed "shorts" I would just roll up the legs. If I really do need shorts I just wear shorts. Shorts are cut differently than pants. A lot wider in the leg and looser in general. Zip-off pants make for narrow, tight, longish shorts. You just have to ask yourself, how often will it be that you need "emergency" shorts? If it's not often, then I wouldn't seek out convertibles on purpose. They're less useful than they seem.
Have you tried bicycling jackets instead?
I don't know. I get really bad gas eating beans so I avoid stuff like that. I imagine you would not want to share a tent with Skurka.
I use elastic lines from the inner bugnet corners to the corner stakes used for the tarp. That way it's always pulled out and I don't have to use extra stakes. I've used very light elastic cord from the craft store, not heavy-duty shock cord. The point isn't to lock it down but just have it want to rest in the right place. Alternatively you can just put rocks in the corners.
I love my airpods and I wouldn't care if they weigh 2x other wireless headphones. The lack of wires makes them weigh 1000x less than the annoyance of wires.
More water.
Wet naps and rubbing alcohol. You can clean up really well with the wet nap and after it sorta dries up, you can put some rubbing alcohol on it.
It will be damn good. Eat 2oz for dinner and 2oz for breakfast and you don't have to worry about the mayo going bad!
I didn't sew anything to the pack. I sewed a pocket and then used four cordlock toggles and some line to attach it to the daisy chain. That's how the Zpacks pockets attach.
Here are some pictures of the mesh pocket that I made and how it covers the logo and hooks into the daisy chain. https://imgur.com/a/b39tL6C
Yeah. I hate the idea of putting really gross things in that nice stretch pocket on the outside. I see that spot as being for extra jackets and things I might need readily available, not a place to put a muddy ground sheet or dripping wet tarp.
What are harrowing and horrifying story. I had something like that happen on an 11 mile day hike loop with the Sierra Club and a big lab. Happened halfway into the loop. The dog was too big to carry. How do you carry a dog anyway? The shape of their chests makes it hard to carry on your shoulders. We made shoes with duct tape for the dog. They looked painful for the dog but at least it seemed to work. My friend often brings his pug on hikes. Poor thing cannot breathe but at least she can be carried. She gets carried a lot. June is pretty much end of season for the Los Padres as far as I'm concerned. Too many flies and too much heat. The fog only means the heat is more intense inland because the hotter it is inland the more it pulls in the fog.
Make some. [https://backpackinglight.com/forums/topic/budget-ul-camp-slippers/](https://backpackinglight.com/forums/topic/budget-ul-camp-slippers/)
I got an email last night from the Los Padres Forest Watch with some links in it and this organization may be interesting to you. [https://outdoorafro.com/](https://outdoorafro.com/)
A couple years ago I did a section hike on the PCT and leapfrogged with a guy who just strapped his guitar to the back of his pack. It was just a regular smallish guitar. I'd suggest learning to play the ukulele. The chord shapes are similar.
These bidets, at least the ones I've used, aren't pressure washers. They provide a jet strong enough to wash you. Less pressure than your shower, probably, but more than just dribbling down your crack.
You kinda have to keep track of the weather. This weekend is nice. Last weekend was really hot. Maybe next weekend will be too hot or still nice. You can go in July or August, but you have to be prepared for 100 degrees and the possibility that creeks are dry and there are lots of flies, but I've done day hikes in July and been rained on and I did a backpack in August to a hot spring where we soaked in 100 degree water on a 100 degree day while eating 100 degree dinners and slept on 100 degree sand and laughed about it.
I have a Thermarest pro-lite. It's not as cushy as an uberlight or neoair or similar. What I like about it is it takes only about 8 puffs of air to fill it and then it really does smooth out the uneven ground and keep me from having any sore spots under my hips or knees or wherever. I sleep all over the place--side, back, stomach. I'm always comfortable. There's no noise. Some air mattresses are really noisy. I like that it is not noisy. I cannot tell you if your friend will like it, though, but it is not as lofty as other more comfortable mattresses so you can still form a nest, and it's not as hard as the typical foam pad, so he might find it more comfortable. You might find it more comfortable, too. I used to always sleep on foam until I was given this as a gift. It makes a big difference.
It was my only footwear on this short trip.
&gt;Sling-Light I had to look that up. That's too much chair but looks comfy. Back in the framed backpacking days I always thought there had to be a way to turn the frame into a chair, or make a frame out of a chair.
I don't have any of these tents but I do have a tarp made of similar fabric. It's not really that see-through from a privacy perspective. It is pretty see-through from a full moon blinding you all night perspective, though.
Do it! I only tested it this one night but I already know this is going to work out really well for me.
Hiking form? It's just walking. I guess I can see that there may be some things that noobs need to know, like I've shown people how to do the rest step and they've said it changed their lives. Otherwise it's really just walking.
Good god that is beautiful. If it's a death trap its a spectacular place to die.
I suffer from ear worms of both music and individual words or phrases. I think I walked the entire state of Washington with Pachelbel's Canon in D in my head. Much of Oregon had bits and pieces of the Wilderness Press guidebook replaying in my head. There was also an Irish tune I could not remember that wouldn't leave me alone. I was grateful then for paperback books to read at the end of the day. Gave me something to think about for at least a little while. These days I'm grateful for audio books and podcasts.
Not that many places sell DCF flat tarps compared to shaped or catenary cut ones. I wonder if there is a reason for that. In any case, I have not heard of anyone who was disappointed in their zpacks DCF flat tarp.
I hope it works well. I'm much smaller than you and while the shoulders are an inch or two too wide (kind of falls of one shoulder), overall it felt tight on me. But I do have boobs, so there's that.
I have some sunsleeves. They're just like the OR sungloves, only REI brand, I believe. They are partially mesh for breathability. I have flabby old-lady upper arms so I got the large, but they fall down so I added some elastic around the top. They have thumb loops so they will cover part of your hands to protect from sun, but I already have sun gloves so if I wear them I don't use the thumb loops. The only thing I don't like is that there seems to be a gap between short sleeves and the top of the sunsleeves where they end up wanting to stay which means you could get a sunburn, at least if you wear a ladies t-shirt. Maybe not if you wear a mens t-shirt.
Do you think maybe the rocks themselves were making it harder to warm the mug of water? I would think they might absorb too much of the heat, sort of radiating their coldness into the mug (I know that's not a possible in a physics sense.)
I let the post office carry my backup gear.
It does get easier. Most of the things you hear that sound so large are really very small. The biggest thing you will hear is most likely a deer. A gopher makes a lot of noise at night. Gophers are not scary.
I have never noticed any difference whatsoever among different sleeping pads as far as whether there is perceived greater or lesser warmth. The only exception is camping on top of snow. Then it matters.
The wrinkles on that spaceman suit give off a strong frogg toggs vibe. I think it's just silver-coated frogg toggs.
There's an old video from 1947 on youtube called Don't be a Sucker. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23X14HS4gLk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23X14HS4gLk) . These past few weeks have been like the guy in the movie saying "Masons? What's wrong with the Masons? I'm a Mason?" as a lot of people realize when the government turns militarized state forces against the American people, white supremacy and fascism are kind of the same thing and a lot of us might not be in the favored group like we thought we were. Maybe now some of us get the connection between systemic racism and the "first they came for the..." poem and are ready to do something about it for real.
I am disappointed with how much fuel is wasted by my inefficient stove. It's a pain in the butt to go buy the canisters. I'd rather they last a long time. I'd use a wind screen if I wasn't worried my stove would actually melt. It turns red hot and looks like it might melt already without a wind screen.
Yes, they do. The lady said she is now a mom with a daughter in the scouts and she is now keeping watch for the klan. It's how she learned her own mom did it for her.
I think the best way to fix all this is for white people to learn about their own racism and to learn how to be anti-racist, which means to accept we're part of a racist system and work to dismantle it.
Just making suggestions here isn't going to fix anything compared to white people fixing their own selves first with education. I am not going to run any outdoor ed classes in black communities. I am going to support university campus actions, including divestment, as well as donate money to organizations and take other actions that come up in my community. I have joined SURJ so that I can know when there are actions to take. None of this is about trails, but it is about changing society. Also I voted against people who tried to infect the Sierra Club with anti-immigrant bullshit back in the 90s, so there is an idea people can also do with whatever organizations they belong to. But without knowledge of why immigrant rights are important to US citizens, I'm afraid they won't understand why they should do this as part maintaining a democratic system of justice. People need to learn enough to be able ask themselves what they can do that is actually going to work.
Your own post history is pretty loud.
I think you really only need a way to keep the mesh pulled away from your body. But you could try two layers of mesh. As the mesh layers moved against each other, they might make it harder for those little proboscises to get to you. So maybe wear a head net inside your bivy to accomplish this at no extra weight penalty.
If the foam is completely enclosed so it's not at risk of being torn you might be able to use packing foam.
The worst thing that happens is you get out there, it sucks, and you bail out.
I don't want to hang out with him. This is one of those trips where some guy has 6 permits and there will be at least one other person I enjoy to hike with, so I jumped at the chance for a permit. I have never climbed Whitney. The rest of them hopefully I can ignore/avoid.
Two oz? Really? I had to check if that is true. My head net, which is pretty generous in size, weighs .45oz. At half an ounce I would suggest always having one whether you think there will be bugs or not. I've found alternative uses for mine, for instance as a basket for the time we found tons of porcinins. I also use it for flies. Sometimes they want to get in my eyes when I'm hiking and sweaty.
Bedrocks are great but they have no cushion and the footbed on the Cairn model is really abrasive. I get blisters. I have to work up to them.
I suggest you get the tent you like to be inside the best. In the rain, a tarp is best because you lay the tarp over your stuff, set up the tarp, then get under the tarp and set up your bedroom. Nothing gets wet inside because there is no "inside" in a tarp. There's a roof and there's your bedroom. But you can make do without the means to set up a roof and then the rest of your sleeping area. Just put your stuff down under a tree or the most sheltered place you can find. Set up the tent then use the shelter of the tree or whatever to remove wet outer clothing before you dash inside. As for the Tarptent ProTrail, I borrowed a tent very similar to this to hike the 2nd half of Oregon and all of Washington PCT. That tent was a horrible design for the rain. First of all the doors become a car wash for you to go through. Second, there is space to sit up only right up in front of the door. And I say this as a 5'3" person. There was not enough space to sit up. It's possible the newer design with the size zipper on the door has fixed the car wash problem. It may also be taller. But consider the livable space as important if you are going to be spending a lot of time in there and if it's going to be tricky getting in and out in the rain.
I would think a little foam pad tucked right next to you would be warm and cuddly for your little doggie. That's what I would do if I had a little doggie. No, actually I'd probably put him inside my sleeping bag with me.
Look up tabi socks. There are many kinds.
Hobbit feet people unite!
Yeah, I got my sandals retread with those soles. They are better, but I've been walking around my neighborhood and have worn them down quite a bit. My feet get tired and sore not from the sandals but from the distance, from hiking in my trail runners. If I trade my shoes for sandals and the sole is hard or non-existent, it feels like no improvement and even a little bit hard to walk. If I start out with sandals it's a bit different. I find the Lunas to be light and soft and they feel pretty good after taking off my shoes. I can hike a pretty long way in them.
That was a huge "log".
Polycryo is not crinkly. Not like space blankets or neoair pads.
A lot of shoes don't work for my feet. I've done similar things to Keens, Saucony and Topos.
Feathers can bend and break. So I suppose keeping it in a compressed state bends and breaks more feathers than keeping it in a larger breathable bag when not in use, although I would think that amount that gets broken when compressed doesn't change while it is sitting there not being used. Maybe being bent gets more baked in, though.
In my opinion the best way to prevent drafts is to cinch the quilt to the pad so tight there's only about 6-8" of an opening. So far I have never used a splash bivy inside a tarp. I don't think it's necessary for an 8x10 tarp.
We use Barkeepers Friend at home on our home pots and pans.
Someone needs to make an ass hammock you can set up with bushes.
I'm looking forward to this weekend's trip where I will enjoy my 2.65oz Litesmith chair. I don't care what you say, it's not going to stab me in the back.
And if it does, Mnuchin will make sure all the money goes to his friends.
There's no way you are too fat for Frogg Toggs.
I've only used it once. I guess my pants weren't that slippery. I used a foam sit pad under my butt, too.
I saw a pair of frogg togg pants at the thrift store in the XXL size and holy crap I actually considered buying them so I could make a tarp. They had to be at least 4 feet across.
On a recent trip I did with some friends, one of my friends brought no tent or tarp at all. She thought the rest of us were crazy for bringing tents. There isn't just an ultralight &lt;--&gt; heavy axis, there's another axis where people are light because they don't bring things that aren't needed. Where we hiked, there wasn't going to be any rain. I suppose she could have rolled up in her ground sheet in an emergency, but having lived here all our 6 decades, we knew there would be no such rain emergency.
I think the biggest QoL improvement for me would be the end to these god damn menopausal hot flashes that have been going on for 6 years now. And no, I do not want to take hormones.
Food is heavy and takes a lot of space. Sleeping equipment takes up a lot of space, too. The longer your trip is the more likely you are to need one or both, and the longer your trip is after that means more food and more shelter.
Oh my god I had this issue over the weekend. I wore my UD fastpack on a trip in the heat. The straps are very wide, too wide at the top actually for my shoulders. There are adjustable cinch straps across the front but no matter where they are placed they squeeze my boobs together mercilessly. And then I will get hot flashes because I'm old and I'll overheat in there because I'm all squished together. As this type of design becomes more popular for backpacks, they really should consider different genders and body types. It's bad enough with regular shoulder straps on backpacks. I have never had one that fit all that well, but in my opinion the vest-style straps are worse-fitting.
The only problem is that there is only one main type of body most things are designed for. A male one.
It does fuck you up for a long time. I know from personal experience. But death from not drinking water fucks you up the worst.
Even then they kind of still work. I could not set up my shelter in high winds so I slept out. Then I woke up feeling rain on my face so I just got out my tent and got inside it like a bag and let the wind beat me with my un-set-up tent all night long. Worst night ever. As soon as it was dawn I packed up and got the hell out of there and found a perfectly windless campsite maybe a mile away. Dammit.
I don't spray it anywhere. So many of you are so terrified of insects it's kind of ridiculous. You can deal with prevention of bug bites with physical barriers without having to resort to chemical warfare.
Someone always gives this answer. Here's the thing. Sun is very strong where I hike. If I truly want protection from sun I will wear a broad-brimmed hat, long pants and long sleeves. I don't rely on chemicals on my skin. Sunblock wears off. Pants and sleeves don't wear off. If I lived somewhere that ticks were crawling all over you night and day I would bring a proper tent and I would hike with my pants tucked into my socks. It's silly to go out there with flimsy chemicals that may only have partial success for a short amount of time when you can have actual protection very simply. What threads like this are really saying, and you can see from the long list of previous answers, is that people are terrified of insects in general and they don't want any kind of insects coming anywhere near them. They want to feel as sanitary as at home. And that is a shame because insects are interesting when you stop to look at them and most of them are totally harmless even if they come to check you out. It's better to make peace with the world you say you're enjoying.
My current set up has been my doorless pocket tarp. I made a write-up/review of it [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QC3RWguH0L4&amp;feature=youtu.be). I have also made some makeshift doors for it and wrote about it [here](https://imgur.com/a/jgxOg0S). Now that it's time to leave the Los Padres and start hiking in the Sierras instead, I will switch to my original spinnaker [Gossamer Gear One](https://imgur.com/IAI1fMH). You said you are afraid you're not ready for tarp camping and that you do most of your trips in the cooler spring and fall and sometimes winter. I think those are good times to use a tarp because there are fewer flying insects to bother you. A tiny minimalist thing like a doorless pocket tarp might not be the best for a place with a lot of weather, but another kind of tarp might be perfect. Tarps have some benefits, one of which is reduced condensation, which can actually make you feel more comfortable in the rain. And then there's the ability to see out easily.
I used a funnel to help with aim and I used an unbreakable container to pee in because my first container broke and spilled urine in my tent and you know, being super clever about your peeing skills wasn't worth the risk to having to live in my own urine if there was an accident.
If you are going to wear it, maybe a buff is better for keeping you warm. But a bandana is an incredibly useful thing to have, and it's usefulness is largely because it is cotton. Buff and bandana are almost not comparable because of how much use you can get from a bandana that has nothing to do with anything you'd use a buff for. I would bring both or just the bandana. Mostly I have never been able to find my buff any time I've gotten ready for a trip so I almost never have it and never miss it and any time I've brought it I've forgotten I had it and rarely used it. I've always lamented forgetting or losing my a bandana.
My trend-setting picture in [ULFashionAdvice](https://www.reddit.com/r/ULFashionAdvice/comments/f93njx/jrb_wearable_quilt/) must have influenced them.
I made a costco quilt into a torso-length extra blanket with a hole for my neck and the way I did the neck hole was to sew two rows of zigzag stitching where I wanted the hole to go, then I cut in between, then I used some leftover edge material from the part of the costco quilt I discarded and sewed that on to make a clean edge. Then I sewed on some ribbon so I can tie the hole shut when it's in blanket mode. My JRB quilt uses hermaphroditic velcro on the neck hole but I don't know where to get that.
No love for the litesmith chair?
I have found the toe part never hurts, but what does hurt is the foot bed. It's really aggressively cross-hatched.
I had some and they would slowly tighten down until my toe turned purple and then I would have to adjust them and then they would tighten down again over and over. Supposedly you could send them to the factory for a fix but I decided to sell them on Craigslist and stick to the Z-1. They are better for wearing socks anyway.
I've noticed that with nylon pants ticks usually can't stay on for very long before they fall off. I think they're too slippery for them. They also seem to get a little flummoxed by zip-off pants. They find it hard to climb over the zipper while your legs are moving. When ticks are out I keep an eye on myself and my friends and we help each other brush them off as we go. So even though you might see 20 ticks on you, the chances are still pretty low they're going to get all the way up and into you. Closing off the pant legs at the bottom only makes it harder for them.
I think the kind of netting like they make laundry or ball bags with a bellows pocket style to give it expandable volume maybe isn't the most attractive, but it's the best. It's durable enough, doesn't get stretched out after use or exposure to harsh elements, and doesn't seem to tear as easily under brushy conditions as stretch mesh.
Sometimes you can't find a good tree near where you want to sit that doesn't have ants all over it or poison oak under it or it's too far away from everybody else.
It's so tall! What do you have in there?
Yes I measure a 4E but such shoes barely exist so I make do with various amounts of discomfort and shoe surgery. I also take out the insoles to make extra room. New Balance E widths tend to add girth, as though they are made for swollen diabetic feet so the availability is even worse than it seems for me. But it sounds like your feet have some girth to them and you might like them.
The upper is a trapezoid shape, not a rectangle. Mine measured 5" on the short edge, 7.75" on the long edge and 4" high. You'll need a bigger trapezoid for a bigger size, but those dimensions should give you or anyone else a sense of the shape.
Did you hike with the other guy in this topic? And thanks for the picture of using your trekking poles to suspend your shelter. I was thinking about figuring out how I could do that with my s2s nano net.
Actually I looked again and his little toe does fall off the edge. His feet don't look like a pointy shoe, just narrow. Even his toes are separated.
