Lol does this guy even racist, bro?
Should’ve picked Wise.
Woodley is a wrestler.
Classic JD. Never go full retard.
Hahah wow you got me! /s I’m not saying it’s not bad, I personally would never want it done to me, I don’t believe our government should have the right to do it to any of its citizens simply because they label them “terrorists”, etc. But to pretend like it even slightly compares to pulling fingernails or mutilation or the actual shit that gets done in torture interrogation rooms is laughable. Also Sean Hannity can suck rocks.
That got him the fight. Until then he was saying McGregor had to wait in line. They hen agreed to a professional bout to settle things. Then they settled things. Khabib won. Then Khabib decided to jump the cage. If Khabibs father was there it wouldn’t have happened. That should be enough to tell you it was wrong of Khabib. He knew it, his father knew it, everyone else knew it.
Especially in freeing up Bo Horvats deployment so that we can hopefully score more than a single goal a game. Right now it’s Bo shutting down the entire opposing team and hoping Petey can do something. Not a recipe for success.
Man remember how stoked everyone was for Horvat, Shinkaruk, Cassels, Subban etc?
Almost certainly. Burning that first contract year is key to getting high end NCAA prospects these days.
Yeah god forbid our logo be what our team is named after rather than everyone just assuming Canucks are a subspecies of orca.
I can’t be the only one who sees only supporting the movie because you support the diversity of the cast to be a weird kind of racist you could only find in 2018. It’s like people going nuts over Black Panther only for everyone to settle out after all’s said and done and admit it was half decent at best.
Why do people like you always go through people’s post histories as if that helps your argument at all? Do you draw any further conclusions to my r/MMA posting? How about my r/Canucks? What about r/asoiaf? That’s the majority of my posts, not some half baked comments from a Canadian dude on an American political sub lol.
Boo for no Woo.
Going from Holm&gt;Leipsic&gt;Leivo is like starting with a paper clip and ending with a tv.
Ah fair enough that makes sense.
No the lockout has always been assumed for 2020. The hope was that a new team in Seattle would incentivize the league to not go through a lockout to bring them in at full steam. Then saying they start in 2021 indicates they may be expecting the lockout regardless.
Buckle up, Buckeroo!
You literally just won so how about you fuck off with that no one is gonna feel bad that Washington couldn’t go on a dynasty run
Good thing the fights on a Saturday
Yeah he looks like he’s moving in slow motion sometimes when he skates.
Two years in constantly waiting for the shoe to drop while corruption flies in our faces is no less delusional than leftists salivating at every news release that Trump is finally finished this time. Both sides are looking at the same breaking news and thinking “Yes! It’s finally happening!” for completely polarized reasons.
Even worse.
They’re not as bad as Sekeres and Price but they make a living on reactionary bullshit just the same.
Its a meme at this point at that’s all we have to sustain us in these dark times.
Real life works the same way. See: Bertuzzi, Nylander, Nilsson, Tkachuk, Domi, Orr, Sutter, Karlsson
And clearly really trying to coin that phrase.
Good thing they’re just fake internet points.
You say that like that makes it any better.
That’s just people dude.
Comprehension difficulties =\= ambiguity. Self awareness does not redeem someone for shitty behavior, or scumbag click bait media practices. Sekeres, Price, Halfourd, Brough, Patterson, Botchford, Gallagher, all of these people are opportunistic drama queens that churn out bulshit and outrage in a monetized fashion. Being self aware doesn’t make that better, it makes it worse. If they’re unaware then they’re just moronic blowhards. If they’re aware and still do it then they’re malicious and despicable akin to slimy used-car salesmen. But sure, Petey be with you.
I genuinely thought we were following a pretty self-evident train of thought there in this thread, but my bad if that was not the case. Buddy was lipping Botch for shitty click bait bullshit, you said it wasn’t Botch it was Halford and Brough, I said they’re even worse than Botch, you said they’re very self aware, I said you say that like that makes it any better, you called me ambiguous.
Bernie was the false prophet that led many to Trump 😂 Biblical.
Ill never understand why people on this sub get so butthurt any time Botch gets slightly insulted, especially enough to downvote something as nondescript as this.
The TFA didn’t need TLJ to taint it in retrospect. It did that all on its own quite easily between Rebels v Empire 2.0, Deather Star 3.0, and an over-reliance on Mystery Boxes aka Rey’s Parentage and Snoke.
The Story of OJ itself was better than the entirety of Revival.
Most people felt that way about the prequels for over a decade.
You could or you couldn’t?
I disagree wholeheartedly. Both films stand on their own merits. TFA had a fresh start to do anything they wanted but they just rehashed the previous stories, laying the groundwork for TLJ to do the same. Then everything TLJ switched up people hated. Both incredibly flawed movies. TFA is great with Rey’s intro, the Christmas Lightsaber fight, BB8, and some of the music, as well as Finn and Rey being likeable. Other than that, between the Dr. Evil hideout of Death Star 3.0, the really forced dialogue between Han and Leia, the TV episode of Rathtar Escape, the Tattooiine clone of Jakku, the Cantina 2.0, exclusive use of X-Wings &amp; TIEs, the awful meta commentary “This will begin to make things right” or “Aboard the Millenium Falcon with your father......Han......Solo.” etc as well as what I mentioned above with Mystery Boxes and Rebels vs Empire 2.0, the film was a severely lacking end product that capitalized on nostalgia and an audience starved for Star Wars. TLJ is great with the bulk of Rey and Luke stuff as well as Rey and Kylo (and Kylo in general coming into his own), Rose’s Sister, Luke &amp; Yoda, the duel between Luke and Kylo (including- yes including Luke’s Death), Snokes death (good riddance) the Throne Room battle, Kamikaze Lightspeed, etc. Where it falls of the rails is the Harry Potter Goat Races, the absolute unnecessary inclusion of Rose and her god awful Love speech, Commander Purple Hair, Poe’s entire storyline, and the decision to make the Rebels yet again smaller and smaller than even TFA where they were already too small (I mean seriously, it’s a fucking galaxy and they can’t find enough people to conquer a Keg Party), super destructible physics like the Bombers or the Big Not-Star Destroyer. All in all, I find only a few scenes worth rewatching in TFA after multiple viewings, whereas I can watch more of TLJ without skipping around too much. That being said, the lows of TLJ are certainly much lower than TFA, which was boring but safe. TLJ was either great or god awful. Regardless, both films stand on their own with their own weaknesses and strengths, but my long winded point is that the weaknesses of one don’t strengthen the other and vice versa.
Brooksie has a media pass. Poor logic.
“That’s why your moms in a fucking wheelchair!”
Not to mention they already fucking gave an interim title to Colby and then just pretended it doesn’t exist.
Make no mistake though, it’s still a massive cut for Ortega. Sure, he hasn’t exhibited the same issues as Holloway, but he’s still a big boy cutting a lot of weight.
Implying people play Revival lol
Bertuzzi. Long shot but that’s the ceiling. Different player but same impact.
Our SJW government/prime minister don’t get to dictate what we recognize as our anthem. You could even see it with (insert anthem singers name because I forget- Donnelly(?)) when (after the change) he would stop earlier in the song to let he crowd sing as he normally did so that the crowd would sing those lyrics and he wouldn’t be forced to sing it the new way, which I’m sure was a directive. It’s much like the current shit over Baby It’s Cold Outside. It’s an unnecessary overreaction to essentially nothing and people are annoyed by it.
Huge promo for buddy’s puck handling coach.
Snorted that Petey Boeser top line quality shit.
Tryamkin and Forsling are also Benning picks. But also McCann.
Helps when we actually get practice time rather than endless bus and plane trips.
We’re gonna have a 21 man core by the end of this.
Empire got historic (at the time) levels of controversy and disagreement. By that standard, it’s very similar to TLJ. Obviously can’t compare eras but they still stand out firmly for their respective time periods.
She’ll be thrilled to see Tarantino tastefully do his take on it LOL
Except the last two times he tried to fight.
Kevin Hart was even around then? Was he one of the children on the plane? 😂
That wasn’t slander.
Or it was just a ridiculous thing to repeat 14x in 20 minutes.
Srirashaw Shawce
Not surprising when both our defensive centres were out leaving Horvat taking every face off and D zone start leading to 23+ mins of ice time a night and hoping the Pettersson line could carry us to victory.
Certainly looks like a Leipsic goal. He has a penchant for scoring immediately for his new team and then disappearing for twenty games.
He did, only just in his first game and the Sedins last
Tbf that was probably the best first period we’ve played all season.
Who didn’t give Leipsic a fair shot? The team that stuck him with Horvat and Boeser as his starting linemates?
You misunderstand me if you think I was comparing Wonderboy to Arlovski. I was comparing the fact that the two fighters (Till and Tuivasa) both won controversial split decisions and then were treated like they KO’d their last opponents when they debatably didn’t even win, with suspicion going towards the UFC trying to push both fighters forward. Never claimed Till wasn’t a top five guy but he certainly wasn’t next in line for the title (imo he needed another fight preferably against a wrestler), and him missing weight is a separate but still completely valid issue of concern. As far as Tills gameplan, I am well aware of what it was. It clearly wasn’t effective though and at the end of the day Till didn’t touch Tyron with his hands once in the entire fight. Gameplan or not, that’s brutal.
Pot meet kettle
Except based on this subs previous decision it *has* been an advertising platform, which is why myself and other users have constantly been speaking out against it. JDs mindset is very clear here on how he sees this community, and I wouldn’t be surprised if the rest of them feel the same way. They’re merely using this community to sell shit and everyone is just letting it go on until they explicitly say it like JD did in this post.
Dude fuck the mods for letting this shit get this far. This is insulting to the entirety of this community.
Aside from all the brutal Athletic shit recently (which still get downvoted to zero or very near it every post, so clearly users aren’t enjoying it other than the few self-proclaimed Exclusive Members or whatever they called themselves, there was the guy that wrote for CanuckWay spamming nothing but CanuckWay links, and sometime last year(?) there was a guy constantly spamming his own Canucks related blog or YouTube channel I can’t remember which. Funnily enough, Myself and others have called it out every time it’s happened, the community banded together for the first two (CanucksWay and the blog) and yet when it’s the Athletic and Botch/JD/etc there has been a very specific user group (elrizzy, Aqua-whatever, etc) adamantly pro-advertising, including the mods (Knivey and PhenomenonYT) which seemed to have pushed it through despite multiple threads where the general consensus seemed split at the very least, yet one half (or more) of the community was completely disregarded. Funny how quickly discussion dies when the mods just do whatever they want.
Their job is literally to keep shit like this from happening and maintaining unity between the members of the community, allowing discussion to flow in a democratic way.
It doesn’t seem like a mistake when they stand by the decision. And I think you’re overreacting to the “fuck the mods”, it was simply an expression of frustration with the way they’ve been handling things, and that’s it. Like when you walk into something and give yourself a Charlie horse and go AH FUCK THIS BENCH. Definitely not being literal or calling for some mod team changeover.
I think it’s both. Personally I totally forgot about the tweets until it was brought up in this thread, and my vendetta against open self advertisements on this sub stands on its own while my opinion of JD as a rational person is certainly changed based on those tweets. One isn’t greater because of the other, this post was an abomination and his tweets were separately tone deaf and bigoted.
Where the Farmies at though.
Not to mention.... Conor.
Regardless of whether he should’ve gotten it or not in the first place, Colby is the interim champion. He needs to be the next one to fight Woodley. Usman May have a sick win streak but they fucking gave Colby a belt. Shitty decision but they should imo stand by it, otherwise they are further diluting the value of the belts, which they already did by giving him one in the first place.
Yeah I’d assume it would be a cage grind like the RDA fight, but with less takedowns.
Dude did you not know that Conor literally invented MMA and the UFC didn’t even exist pre-2013?
You can’t seriously be shilling this hard right now. Sports journalism has existed for decades without the need for paid subscription. Use of ads on Websites in banner form, ad video form, etc, sponsors, nowadays even Patreon etc. This is nothing but lazy marketing. And then using a free platform like this to infomercial his shit on us, it’s disrespectful to the community here by and large and just overall shitty of him to do, not to mention blatantly against this sites “laws” both in rule and in spirit.
You say that like this kind of shit is the only imaginable way to make money as a journalist and without it we are stealing food from his children’s hungry mouths lol. Get a grip.
Tbf I’ve had the hots for PhenomenonYT for a few years now. You might be on to something. I might be mod-sexual.
I was assuming he was quoting the South Park bit.
Now we’re talking.
Like they do with God.
Hello Mackenzie Dern, Yoel Romero, Henry Cejudo
No u.
Hey buckleberry, Lawler might be injured, which is why this might actually be a thing.
&gt; States own opinion &gt; “LOL you know nothing of the sport compared to me and my high IQ!” Congrats bud.
Lol bud I meant size wise not talent level. Chill the fuck out. And I said elementary school. Most high school kids are bigger than most flyweights.
What how? That fight wasn’t FOTN but it was a solid bout.
I liked it. Those Snoke theories *did* suck.
I want to see every single one of those fights so badly.
&gt; I feel like just joe's "OHHH!" because he was surprised ortega was striking back is shading people's opinions. You say that like we weren’t watching the fight and couldn’t come to that reaction on our own regardless of Joe doing it too. I think people especially on this sub tend to overvalue Rogans effect on the fight just because other people saw it differently than they did.
He put all his memories into his book like a pensive.
If James Cameron made it it would hit TFA numbers.
“I *am* Atlantis Boulevard.”
You mean Lawrence Kasdan, the dude who has written more Han Solo than literally anyone else? The defining voice of Han Solo?
How Canadian. This was exactly my morning too.
Well he did ban Epstein from his clubs for his behavior with girls.
And he wasn’t meaning overhand right by that. He meant the power to knock him down.
I will never understand what problem people have with a sweet and savoury pizza.
And he told everyone who would listen that Kelly was drugging Trump and was controlling what he said and did and that the Deep State has compromised Trump.
Get ready for a couple hundred thousand dollars fine in campaign finance violations like Obama got and that’ll be the end of it.
There’s no way that, especially right now, they would be able to do a 2016 election piece and not have it being critically biased towards one side or the other. Lot of ghost stories still floating through the public awareness and popular zeitgeist. Gonna be years before that can be done authentically.
NCAA as soon as they play they burn a year. No 9 games.
Yeah but she didn’t, and that was already a rematch to afight she lost decisively.
Virtanen isn’t a bust though...
r/iamverysmart
Like Barzal, Connor, Chabot, Boeser, Aho, etc?
Same here.
Absolutely. Personally I found Coco unbelievably boring, turned it off halfway through. Zootopia has good moments but there was something about it that rubbed me the wrong way. Moana was simply gorgeous (esp. the water/hair animation) and too charming.
They’ve bought Pixar, Star Wars, and Marvel. Now they’ve bough Fox too.
Isn’t Schmidt the cheater or is that someone else I’m thinking of?
Even in the mid 2000’s!!
She has defended though. Against the former dominant champ.
Tbf though if you’re really shotgunning it shouldn’t take more than a second or two to down. Hole, flip, crack, down the hatch.
As long as it’s better than Laines atrocity of a beard I’m happy.
Not that it’s relevant to your point, but Torts also gave us Gadjovich.
Yeah the trick is you breathe out then crack then breathe the beer in. You can take back the entire can in a second or two. Old buddy of mine could do it in a single gulp. Usually takes me two or three, but for the most part my shotgunning days are behind me. For the most part.
One of the biggest goalie prospects in the world: “underrated”
And steroids.
Prince of Egypt &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; El Dorado. Both great movies aesthetically speaking but between music, themes, content, Emotion, etc PoE destroys El Dorado.
Those Snoke theories were exactly that. At least some of them.
You place the blame on TLJ. I place it on JJ writing story around concept art rather than writing a story and having artists produce the concept art. He made a dude that looked bad and gave him absolutely zero depth, deferring it to the next guy who said wow that’s really fucking dumb.
It’s like Neo in the matrix.
With the arrivals of Boeser Pettersson etc I’m totally okay with the choice, especially as Virtanen keeps steadily developing. His toolset is something this team desperately needs and another small scoring winger doesn’t give us that.
Grab Em by the Pussy Payments.
By protecting a D man we’re gonna lose a winger? You don’t think Virtanen would be on our protected list? Lol
You say that as if *you* do.
I have people try to tell me why my opinion on hockey related matters is lessened because I post on the Donald LOL. I always ask them if my contributions to r mma or r asoiaf also discredit my opinions on hockey.
Yeah I wrote the show off after 2016 but this new season has been a decent return to form sort of. Still some weak shit and very blatant narratives but overall much better than the last two years.
Oof I agree, that sub is hot garbage.
Holloway.
Love me some Thomas.
That Skinner trade still irks me to this day and it’s not even my team.
Personally I find it hilarious how this sub explodes (when Dana is very blatantly using the media to leverage fight negotiations) over Tyron The Champ getting disrespected by the UFC yet gleefully cheer when Colby The Champ (They gave him the belt. Whether they should have in the first place or not is an entirely different discussion) gets disrespected by the UFC. Compare the two, one had a few mean words said about him, the other is stripped of his belt and then passed up for the fight with the champion who currently adamantly wants to kick the shit out of him.
Not only that but the whole thing could’ve quickly escalated and caused a massive disturbance in a building full of twenty thousand innocent people. We’ve seen that shit at fighting events before. The UFC did a great job shutting that down but I think people underestimate how close shit was to going haywire.
Because that’s how this shit works. Fighters have entourages, fighters have fans. All have been drinking. Brawls break out at fighting events quite often historically. And they get dangerous. Entire riots can start from that shit. Even just the Diaz Khabib scuffle caused way too much risk to innocent bystanders.
That one felt like watching Kanye West’s Power music video
I watched the action scenes on YouTube and still felt let down.
The Farmies.
Virtanen was a fringe AHL player.
I think it’s a great phrase for that exact reason. A lot of people get on their high horse and assume a position of moral superiority because they’re saying what they think they should say when really they’re just being a piece of shit. It’s like White Knights believing they’re “Nice Guys” when really they’re parasitic opportunists. It certainly does get overused though, and improperly most of the time.
Yeah I getcha. NJ thought they were getting Brodeur 2.0 and replacing the absolute cornerstone of their franchise. Worth the risk imo. But we as an organization are not in nearly the same situation and with where we are at in the rebuild I can’t see Benning giving up that pick unless it was something truly next level.
Big difference between AHL pro and Finland pro.
Not surprising, we’ve historically (for the last decade) had very strong goaltending between Lou, Schneider, Miller and Lack. Now we’ve got two fringe dudes.
Who’s on Team Loui?
Not agreeing with buddy above, *but* there is value in trading a player on long term contract. The uncertainty of having to go through the negotiation process is a problem for some teams. Not only that but after July 1st he gets paid upfront a fuckload of cash and then would be extra valuable to teams since a huge portion of his salary that year would already be paid (for cheap (or frugal) team owners)
Fast &amp; Furious 7, too. Entourage as well.
Dana.
Horvat certainly wasn’t pissed.
It’s pretty funny if you think about it. You just gotta laugh.
Someone told me Lee has been using a gameplan similar to Khabibs for years which is why he calls out Khabib so often. He’s familiar with it and feels he can do it better. This fight is a good example of that.
Relax dude. Take a breath and wait to see what becomes of this.
HockeyDB is constantly wrong. They hardly ever update weight.
No one knows what it means, but it’s *provacative*. Gets the people *going*.
Pretty sure if we had had pick #2 we would’ve picked Makar or Heiskanen. Seemed to be Pettersson was their #1 forward choice but they ranked at least one Defenceman ahead of him.
Booooo yaaaahaaahaaaaaaaaaaa
Edson needed a solid win after getting absolutely mauled by two wrestlers.
Fucking LOL at Lee’s dumbfounded face at the decision.
1/3 of Man is Steel was good and 2/3 of Wonder Woman were good. Suicide Squad was hot garbage as was Batman v Superman and Justice League.
We wouldn’t have picked Patrick whether we had that pick or not.
Didn’t mention anything about Marvel.
From what I remember Canucks list went a Defenceman or two and then Pettersson.
$$$$$
Oh, I agree. I think it’s ridiculous to pay tickets to see the Canucks and not stay for the whole event but I sit through movie credits so maybe that’s just me.
Conor can do spinning kicks. Lots of holes.
Evidenced by his most recent fight, he’s not that tough. Other buddy put a way better show on him than Zabit did.
He’s no slouch but he’s shown he’s very vulnerable against wrestlers, seeing as Lee beat him right after Khabib did, and then Iaquinta goes on to win a standing war with Lee.
She has several movies after that didn’t she? 27 dresses etc. It was her attitude that killed her career cuz she was such a stuck up bitch.
Which is ridiculous given the multitude of school shootings before he ever read the script or joined the film or acted in the film. But then once everything’s said and done, THEN he has a change of heart, refuses to do press for the movie, shit talks it, and it goes down as an entirely forgettable film.
Needed to keep the marriage alive for business reasons?
Ya fuck them for defending their land.
Very different neck cranks though.
And wasn’t Iaquinta training for like Felder or someone?
People just really love getting up in arms about nothing.
Too bad it acted as the nail in the coffin for rock music.
Lol who downvotes this? That absolutely disallows Jim from GOAT conversation.
Yes because they would be removing something that, believe it or not, people really enjoy. Some people genuinely enjoy showing their patriotism and love of their country and the unity between all the different peoples singing it. It’s a great way to show unity and respect before an event.
If we’re talking about the live action Grinch, IMO it completely misses the mark on the spirit of the original story. It’s well intentioned and they grasp overlying themes but they certainly took it in too many different directions that I didn’t enjoy whatsoever. There are plenty parts of the film I enjoy and laugh at but it is in no way a movie I go back to at Christmas, like the cartoon one.
Ive never seen anyone say fuck deadmonton on r/Canucks. Never even heard anyone use that term before.
Consensus #1 draft pick by all scouts in the NHL. “Some redditors disagree so you think you know better than 99% of people you egotistical jerk!” Where are you pulling this 99% from lol
Or “learn from my mistakes”
There are some “special” users that swear up and down about it constantly.
I think the problem is mainly that something other than NeoCons is now the base of the Republican vote, and so the NeoDems get worried, and label it extreme. It’s part of the uniparty set up. The “new right” consists of many different strands. Classic liberals, disenfranchised Democrats, working-class democrats, libertarians, paleo conservatives, evangelicals, MAGAs, kekistanis, softcore ethnonationalists, genuine white supremacists, etc all make up the party as the democrats go further and further left and ostracize the rest of the voting populace in a “join us or die” way. They don’t know how to properly argue against their opposition because it comes from so many different ideologies as they get further towards outright communism and totalitarianism. So they label everything alt-right or far-right. So if you’re a free speech advocate on YouTube you’re no different than the fiscally conservative working man or the trolly 4chan autist or the outright tiki torch wielding white supremacist. If you’re any of these you’re all of these. Now, it doesn’t help that there are no genuine leaders within any of these movements, as that focuses the ideology into one that is capable of being argued and/or destroyed or disproven. One of the main setbacks to the modern right is a lack of genuine leaders. Most “voices” are just outspoken blowhards or media-crazed opportunists hitching a ride on a social trend to up their following or sell books and podcasts. They don’t represent the populace and therefore they become an easy target to lump in with the rest of a mostly unspoken movement.
This trilogy was never going to be about Leia and Luke, it’s the passing of the torch to the next generation.
He’s not a college player?
Yeah that looks like a chicken wing straight to the dome if you ask me.
It’s who we were *supposedly* supposed to take according to CanucksArmy who’s still bitter about it.
Tbf we’ve had concussions to Baertschi Pettersson and now Stecher (and Dahlen in Utica) this year all without penalties on the play, and historically have had big ones like Keith on Daniel Sedin that went unpunished.
Yes and the two minute penalty is what instigated all of the shitshow that happened afterwards. My mistake though for poor wording. What I meant was proper penalty to bring the game down rather than let it escalate to shit like the Gudbranson punch, where the players feel responsible to protect their teammates since the refs won’t.
That is literally one of the main jobs of the ref, to control the game and protect the players. When that doesn’t happen, things escalate very quickly. Besides, a gloved suckerpunch to the gut is in no way comparable to a chicken wing to the head. Players are humans and emotions are a real thing. That’s why the refs should’ve given the guy a proper penalty and thrown him from the game. That settles things down and the game can continue. Otherwise one of our guys hits one of their guys so their guy hits one of our guys and that continues until a full line brawl or someone seriously gets hurt.
It’s like that all throughout the island right now. Our local rink has absolutely horrendous ice right now. This weather is not beneficial whatsoever.
Always repping that #6 for his dad.
That’s why he stopped by the rink the other week.
Same things happening right now at my local rink, live on the island. It’s this shit rainy too warm for December weather.
Whoosh.
Chiesa’s mom too
Who spends more than $19 on a haircut? Sheesh.
You’re just describing the hero’s journey. The only connection is the Bee part.
How ironic.
That’s not how the ring of honor works.
I’m still not happy about the Bure retirement tbh.
How about he was an absolute rock that has been with the team for more ups and downs and has endured and become the absolute staple of the Canucks defence for the entirety of his time here, which is the longest of any D ever on this team?
Is this a runescape reference?
Lol alright bud agree to disagree.
Not you, buddy in the OP
Now you’re on to something
That doesn’t make it any better.
It really bothers me that these videos always include these absolute fucking nobodies. Like I get they look like complete asses but none of them are known or considered authorities on Canucks whatsoever, they’re a bunch of losers with webcams. They don’t represent literally anyone. I don’t know anybody that knows who these guys are or has ever seen or shared a video of theirs ever. THG, sure. But everyone else like what, one of those kids is legitimately like 12 years old. Why do we care what they thought? Maybe the video just needs those voices to make Pettersson look better? But the kid looks unreal all on his own and the highlights of him dominating speak for themselves. If there were videos of Kypreos, Botchford, Paterson, or other typical media blowhards then sure but I’m not sure why anyone cares what a couple losers with what I’m sure amount to 20 total channel views have to say, especially to the point of including them in every single Pettersson highlight video over and over.
Pouliot isnt a top six in the NHL.
But it is for all their movies.
Literally every female fight these days gets hyped the exact same way. Joanna, Holly, Valentina, Nunes, Cyborg, every fight is “this will make them the greatest female fighter of all time!”
I wanted Wahlstrom over Tkachuk and wow is that certainly not looking great off the bat lol. But I also wanted Hughes over both so I’m happy.
Will Ferrell’s stint on the Office was easily the absolute worst stretch of the show in its entire run. I will die on this hill.
Yeah the Jehovahs Witnesses that keep knocking on my door say the same thing.
Why you heff to be mad?
If it walks like a duck and talks like a duck...
You’re the one reeeeing right now.
The chemistry between the Hughes Brothers is palpable.
Suicide pass from Quinn to Jack lol. Glad he’s okay.
Deafestist attitudes run rampant throughout the fandom.
So did regular Americans. So did the president himself lol.
Just take the google maps walk through tour.
What are these acronyms?
Dude trolling and shitposting is about eliciting *any* sort of reaction. That’s why people typically don’t do it in face to face interactions, it’s usually done behind keyboards.
Are you opposed to people earning money?
We live and die by the memes.
What? That’s not why I called him a piece of shit, (I didn’t actually call him a piece of shit, just saying he doesn’t have to be a troll just because he acts like a piece of shit- he behavior can be intentional, which *would* make him a piece of shit), but go and look at his posts against the Arizona Coyotes, the Bruins/Habs game threads, and his responses to people calling him out. That behavior is consistent with a piece of shit, and I don’t think that’s particularly controversial.
He’s worth more as a fighter than he is as a snitch. This is about PPVs.
The crowd was awful.
no urs.
Lol wtf are you even on about? That’s basic shit. The shit you think is offensive others don’t. The shit you don’t find offensive others do. When the pendulum swings and someone of opposing viewpoint has the power, do you want them restricting you based on their personal ideologies? Don’t be so naive.
If we get any major injury to any of our top four forwards or top three defencemen we’ll be back in the tank. Story of this team is competitive whilst healthy. And that’s it. Also banking on Markstrom keeping his hot streak going.
Top 5.
Lol wtf does Right Wing Hate Platforms even mean? You can’t demand I answer a question with such a vague broad brushstroke. And what happens when someone Right Wing has access to that power? Then suddenly any Left Wing Hate Platform (so vague they could make it about literally anything- Pro-Choice (they’d just call it Pro-Murder), Anti-Gun (anti-2A), pro-socialist (communist) would be considered hate speech and bannable. See how easy that is?
Yeah cuz Boeser, Pastrnak, Chabot, Larkin, Point, Aho, Frost, etc are all bums and there’s never anything of value found past pick #15.
Always someone pushing the sale.
I trust our teams scouts more than I trust any other segment of management, with the exception possibly being Greens coaching.
Alright fair, so since the team transitioned to an actual rebuild which picks besides Pouliot for a 4th have gone through? Which was the last trade we gave up an extra pick for? Like I get that to be something to have a gripe against two, two+ years ago but that certainly seems to be something management has been willing to adjust on.
That’s my point though. I have no doubt in our scouting department finding a really good player anywhere in the first round. Pettersson at 5 was considered a reach at the time of the draft. He could’ve gone anywhere between 10-15th. Boeser was a steal at #23 (albeit a standout draft). Demko at #36. Look around the league at players like Tolvanen Kostin who were expected to go top 10-15 but fell to the end of the first. Rasmus Sandin. Point is I agree that sure the higher the pick the better the luck, but our “luck” is pretty good, and I’d argue it’s more beneficial for our team to see our young growing core succeed in the season, learn in the playoffs, and still get a really good player in the draft than to suck in the season, train or vacation in the early offseason, and still get a really good player in the draft.
Local theatres here have a policy where if you leave in the first 1/3 of the movie you can request a refund.
Boeser Chabot Barzal &gt;&gt;&gt; Dal Colle Bennett and Fleury don’t @ me.
Bullshit. Joe has been leading the Jon Jones is innocent and actually just snorted some cocaine laced with creatine cut with turnibol. He brings it up literally every possible time and will act like it’s what people say despite the fact that he’s literally the only one saying it. Then he has Novitsky on and let’s him just bullshit away endlessly without any real follow ups.
Jeff is an accountant that works as he liaison between the UFC and USADA. He has no credibility and no authority whatsoever.
Joe is the most textbook case of confirmation biased you could possibly make. He has been all in on the Jon Jones is innocent train now through three positive tests in which he has taken the UFC’s word (lol) on everything regarding the matter, takes Jones’ word at face value, and accepts what he’s told and like a good little company man spews that to his listeners on the biggest podcast in the world, like he’s supposed to. He knows absolutely nothing about what he’s talking about so he takes the word of someone he assumes has authority (Novitzky) despite Jeffy boy being an accountant that acts as the Liasion between the UFC and USADA. He asks absolutely zero follow up question to bogus answers and cuts guests off when they start getting closer to where the truth probably is (Joey). Joe is a company man through and through and his opinion on the matter is far less than literally anyone I could grab at random from an online forum, and I don’t meant that hyperbolically. There is not a single moment that Joe has looked at the situation critically and just believes what he wants to believe, which is that Jones isn’t a sociopath and is a believable honest human being which is probably the worst take I’ve ever heard.
No one argues he doesn’t put in the hours. That’s literally what modern steroids are for. Increasing the intensity and duration of the workout and quickening the recovery time so you can work out more. It’s the equivalent of buying gems for quickened build times in an online mobile.
I got about ten minutes into that thing but he’s just screaming at me about some vagina and I had to turn it off.
You may want to take your own advice and research ad hominem a little more rather than just use it dismissively.
I actually really like Joe. But in this specific field he’s way too biased and unknowledgeable to be trusted or taken as an authority on the subject. You’re making a plea to authority yet Joe has none. Edit: also, if you didn’t want to discuss MMA on a hockey subreddit you shouldn’t have chimed in in the first place buddy.
I was hoping somehow Sandin would fall to us but otherwise that we’d snag Woo or McIsaac. Very happy with the result.
It’s not just our media. Toronto Montreal and Ottawa is bad too. Canadian hockey media in general. Come to think of it American hockey media is awful too. MMA media is even worse in terms of dumb questions (“How hungry are you for this fight”). Come to think of it just sports media in general. Actually come to think of it just modern media in general.
Like when almost all our prospects played last game and got lit the fuck up 10-1?
And giving Utica an actual Center.
Crazy how people are putting any weight in the bullshit the UFC comes up with given they have every reason to lie.
Since Rocky at least
Anderson’s nipples look like he’s been breast feeding.
Especially for something that’s already a very regular occurrence.
Lol @ Petey calming Jake down
I’d say it’s less a dig at Cloutier as it is a praise of Clarke.
Jones better fucking lose
Apparently not.
How can you be deserving when you popped three separate times?
Brock isn’t talked about as the GOAT.
Winners focus on PEDs
Jones is not a devout Christian lol that’s just a cheap marketing ploy to pretend he’s not an absolute piece of shit.
Yeah he produced really well in Timra but that was in the second tier league at the time. Then exploded and did better than he played in Timra playing for Vaxjo. At the time of the draft he was projected anywhere between 10-15th, wasn’t expected to be a sure thing center, played in Tier-2, and then the skinniness. The potential was always blatantly visible though.
Wtf is a lemon party? (And I refuse to blindly google that- just in case)
The Weasel is an armchair analyst and a borderline moron with some of his takes.
Not the way he showed in his call up and then he got injured.
Or when he directly meddled in Israeli elections, or when he was caught wiretapping world leaders like Merkel.
It’s not I’ve been seeing that picture for years long before it ever became the meme it is now.
It’s not a YouTube Highlight Montage without an awful EDM remix in the background.
Now it’s just a word for incels.
Does Bitchute have an app yet or is it still that awful website?
Pompeo is as CIA as they come.
I haven’t seen anyone claim that. Big difference between a #1 starter and a vezina candidate.
Wow clever response, dude.
If Edler won’t budge on the NMC or extended term then bye-bye, as much as it will cripple our already weak defence and further incentivize management looking to make a big splash on the D market. Although that also gives us a lot more $$$ to work with on potential free agents.
People overblowing this imo. Management absolutely should be kicking tires on every Defenceman available, gauging the market and seeing what’s out there. Just because they asked the price doesn’t mean they were pleased with the answer or proceeded past that point.
Or take the URL and input into streamable.
Aaaand now it’s stuck in my head for the next four days.
Sounds like a salty user trying to amplify their voice outside this sub since no one gives a fuck about their opinion here to the point they need to broadcast onto the toxicity of twitter lol. Also, scrolled for a bit but disappointed I didn’t find anything I said. If someone sees one, let me know.
Not for the money he’s wanting.
This was always doomed to fail. She’s just not a good actress, Kinberg is not a good writer, or director, and the story just got done a decade ago to terrible reviews. She’s also completely miscast as Jean Grey.
Apocalypse was the worst superhero movie of the last ten years.
Much like when Tampa offered Drouin for Horvat.
You don’t think the guy named Richard and one of the more active users on this sub is a native English speaker? Cranking that patronization up a notch I see.
Lol why though? Hey you want an older less talented version of Brock for Brock? Throw in Dumba and we can talk I guess.
Not to mention we traded McCann for his shit attitude more than anything else, if all the rumours are to be believed.
Not even remotely lol
That’s not even remotely true. Vanek was signed specifically to trade, Motte is a young defensively responsible piece that is indefinitely better than an extra month of Vanek.
John Shannon doesn’t know shit, for what it’s worth.
His playmaking is E L I T E. Dude has drop/spin-o-Rama passes that look like a copy paste from Pettersson, if not better. Kid is nuts. No way he should fall past 5 imo.
That pick was the epitome of organizational need over BPA. Good player but taking him over who else was there seems nuts still to me.
Case in point: Canucks had Pettersson ranked 3rd others had him 15th his average was 9-11 for most aggregate rankings.
He had a great season no doubt. Jury is still out on if he was worth taking over Hughes though.
While I agree to an extent, I disagree wholeheartedly on that 12th pick. With the way this draft is looking, someone on our list as high as 5 could be available at 12. Personally I’d only trade Brock if it meant getting Zucker and Dumba, which I doubt they would do.
You know Minnesota already traded Granlund, right?
Can this guy just change his name to Goldmember already. Beyond cringe. I love gooooooooooooold.
I like how in the promos the UFC has been editing it to look like Cejudo indeed killed MM despite hugging him to a split decision. The TJ win is legit but hard to say a GOAT killer against a dude coming down a weight class for the first time.
Can someone explain to me how the fuck the generation that grew up with South Park, Family Guy, and Eminem are such easily offended pussies ?!
Damn, yours was better.
That sounds awfully hateful. The irony is palpable.
This. White People are just the current easy target. Much like censorship switching from Alex Jones to Stephen Crowder, there’s always a Next Target.
Insert Bill Burr stand up about mother’s being glorified babysitters.
If Zegras manages to fall to us good lord will we be the most dangerous high IQ powerplay in the league.
The meme didn’t just spring out of nowhere, it literally gets brought up at every mention, before it was a meme.
NMC would be voided via trade meaning he’d be eligible for the expansion draft. Throw in Benning, Bear, or Benson and I’d do it.
Well assuming we don’t honour it, which we have no obligation to do.
Okay but unless the sweetener is Poolparty we have no reason to accept that deal unless he waives it so under the assumption we do the deal I would assume that relies on the waiving of the NMC.
Unless they’re sending us their first round pick then absolutely.
He’s also 19 years old.
Anyone giving up on a 19 yr old high potential Defenceman for his defensive work is silly. Defence is hard, most players aren’t NHL quality at 19.
La La Land is a love letter to better Hollywood films, Sound of Music is probably the greatest musical of all time. Big difference between the two. Plus Julie Andrews &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Emma Stone singing.
Careful we don’t use that word around here.
He looks like an eight year old at school on Halloween.
Who then got run over in the playoffs. Although I do agree.
Yeah we were the most hateable team in the league because of our shit disturbers like Lapierre Burrows Torres Kesler etc but we didn’t have any Charas or the like. But no one does so it’s a moot point. But we definitely did get run over in the finals. Injuries were the main thing but we also got bullied into non existence. There’s a reason it was such a big deal the refs weren’t calling anything our way and we kept getting accused of diving: because they were running over us.
You’re getting downvoted but the exact same thing happened in the Pettis fight. Clearly he and his coaches use “broken hand” as code for “I’m done” especially given the lack of a broken hand afterward. Tony fucks people up.
You saw him blow his nose right?
You could say that about almost any cage fighter, yet it happens. Anyone can be broken.
His last fight he just won a belt in a new division. It certainly will not do anything but increase his legacy.
And yet they’re churning out movies that no one likes so clearly they’re doing something wrong.
Damn autocorrect on the annex. But yeah completely off the top of my head.
I feel sports is an acceptable release for tribalistic behaviours given it’s an agreed upon competition in the purest form, but if you’ve ever seen our fan base vs any other fan base in the playoffs it’s anything but decent haha
Could be wrong be iirc he was slated for a mid October return?
That’s gotta be the worst iteration of the Stick in the Rink Jersey, which is my favourite Canucks logo.
History, politics, etc.
This dude lives rent free in your guys’ heads. Imagine being this butthurt 8 years later.
I love how much users on this sub try to invalidate fighters wins. Like omg this dude lost so he’s a ______ (insert pejorative here). Happens so often you’d think they’d never watched UFC fights before.
Keep in mind that the last time the Leafs asked a prospect of us it was Tanner MacMaster. Doesn’t mean much.
No you’re right I’m misremembering. Point stands.
I don’t even know as much about my own family’s internal drama as this dude knows about some random actress from a shitty tv show.
He got sent to the Ranch.
But wait! Look at this cool Star Wars scene I recreated out of LEGO!!
As is tradition. Actually scratch that but it would be nice.
I mean, the Clintons still exist but I get what you’re saying. Royal Family has way less power than they used to though.
That IQ will take him far.
Okay so why would you say it’s not a space opera then?
Pretty sure the votes went to Glass but I could be mistaken.
We were weak on the left side with Dahlen in the system. He’s my exactly a strength.
Even uses the darker hand emojis like the cuck he is lol. Dude you’re white.
You realize that every major blockbuster schedules reshoots and it’s just part of the movie making process, right?
Unless either of those guys play more than 35 games.
Why are you incapable of writing like a normal human?
Dude above gets 8 years of Obama and a hair trigger away from Hillary as president but then gonna berate us for having a single term of a drama teacher prime minister LOL.
Or both.
Is the Donald gonna ban you for saying Rothschild? Lol
I thought he was fucked from the walkout. Could just tell from his demeanour.
A yes, that’s why people sleep with other people: racism.
Copy the URL and put it into Streamable and you can watch it.
We’re talking Milo here.
The Soup?!
Wow good one.
It’s called the Agent selectively leaking stuff for leverage.
I feel like I’m missing something here.
I feel like using Canucks twitter is the real joke here.
Not only that but also Oprah’s ties to that John of God sex farm lead from South America that Oprah was promoting back in 2012(?)
Hahahaha 💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩 Worst Defenceman in the NHL amirite 💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩 - actual Instagram comments on Edler signing.
Just gotta laugh.
Did you see Cyborg try the same and fail miserably? Askren is not joke.
No kidding, look how many Toronto fans turned on Nylander for just waiting a month and a half to sign. Toronto fans ready to get ugly.
Lol sure that’s what it is.
We found a new Cookie!
It really wouldn’t.
Threat Level: Dragon
Omg if we fucking get Zegras. !!!
Fucking Ducks. And now I have to hate watching Zegras play against us.
Except for the part where they refused to let her be the villain and tried so hard to make her the good guy that *shes* the one that kisses Rose awake. Not to mention she doesn’t even turn into the dragon.
Are y’all finished or y’all done?
For someone with no desire to follow his career you seem to be going through a lot of effort to show that.
Between the Turris and Subban trades wtf is Nashville up to?!
Knowing Tampa’s cap situation we better not be giving up much.
Lol you could say that about the entire Tampa Bay roster.
Not at all.
What a fucking Rollercoaster. From Hoglander to this. Fuck me.
At least that’s best case scenario condition
Tampa is so cap strapped we should’ve been able to hustle it with a second and third ideally.
What was the cap at last year?
I signed him in NHL 19 and by year two of his contract he had less trade value than a Champion team’s 2nd rounder.
I am a big fan of these things.
The only things TSN had broadcasting rights to if I’m not mistaken.
They said the exact same about the Barrie trade.
That’s all any of this ever is.
Yeah this is why the kid was my main hope going into the draft. My dream scenario was Zegras and Hoglander but I’ll take Podkolzin and Hoglander easily.
Time to retain and trade Sutter
News flash: sports journalism is just circle-reporting and circlejerking and we fall for it every time.
How is trying to keep even one place on the internet pro trump and not bogged down by the endless waves of liberal activism on Reddit or online in general not something worth doing? This place advertises itself as a never ending trump rally. That’s what it is. For Reddit to censor this place however is completely different because they’re taking the role of publisher rather than platform and instilling their own leftist activist ideology onto others for contrasting their viewpoints, which they see as hateful. There’s 1000x other anti trump subs.
Well that’s the great irony. These people fought for free speech until it didn’t apply to them and then immediately became the Nanny State Church Ladies they raged against for so long.
Ah we’re doing the “blame the dad” thing all Toronto fans did with Nylander too, eh?
Good luck with his foot speed or lack thereof in a league constantly transitioning to a faster game every year.
Hutton is barely worth the 2.8M he was making before, let alone a raise, and all the Tyler Myers shit is just media speculation so far, so we’ll see.
I was unaware he actually had scoops. More like he talks to a few dudes on the air who openly speculate about what could happen and he runs with that as fact.
He wasn’t getting out of that choke.
I actually have seen one! It was three and a half years ago and it was downvoted to oblivion with a comment section full of people calling it out for being complete bullshit and not fitting the subs guidelines or purpose.
I’m using Alien Blue on iOS. Just had to sign in on browser, pass the quarantine, then Join the sub officially. Now can access from Alien Blue no problem.
Not to mention incorrect. World can mean many different things, and it certainly doesn’t just pertain to a single planet. If someone says world in the context used above they could very well be meaning an entire plane of existence. When people first used the term world they didn’t even know there were such things as planets, and world was all encompassing.
Seriously it’s been over a month since I heard anything about Barr. Zero declassifications so far either unless I’m mistaken, even after Pres. Trump gave him the ok-go.
Have you seen our power play unit try to break into the zone without a dump and chase or a drop pass? It’s brutal.
Nobody is triggered they just think it’s dumb, as would all the other things you suggested.
By your own logic you’re triggered by people calling out the veganism.
Conor vs Tony makes so much more sense than Conor vs Khabib 2.
I mean, Gaethje is only on a three fight win streak and before that was on a two loss streak against the two guys that Conor absolutely punk’d. It’s not outrageous he isn’t the definitive challenger.
Or everyone. You cannot possibly look at RoS and think JJ didn’t have anything to do with how god awfully horrendous that film was.
Kicked the shit out of JJ and lost a split decision to Nunes but sure
Biggest momentum swing I’ve seen from the refs especially in such a high stakes game and in the last two minutes.
Yeah or Max vs Volkanovski, or Max vs Poirier.
Happens in Israel too, although less fighters from there. Hell, my uncles took their wives back to Italy for their honeymoons and then got immediately apprehended by authorities and enlisted into the military.
Glad someone brought this up.
Maybe he’s actually a good coach
A dog dog, like the ones they got in the hood. A pit bull or Doberman.
Wow way to jinx us buddy.
Remember when those “earthquakes” randomly hit the caves North Korea had their entire nuclear development team in and they collapsed killing everyone inside like a week before North Korea started negotiating with the US?
Does anyone else when an “earthquake” conveniently collapsed the tunnel all of North Korea’s nuclear development program were in and immediately afterward North Korea started negotiating with the US?
So glad someone else is making that connection.
Me too. I remember reading this back in the day but it’s been a while.
Unfamiliar with that do you have any info?
Vancouver is a stretch to say. His main MP there he kicked out of the party during the SNC Lavalin scandal and everywhere else turned orange. Western Canada has no say in elections. Ontario and Quebec decide everything, and even then it’s mostly just Toronto, Ottawa, and Montreal.
Someone who didn’t read the books and only played a few hours of the third game. I had no fucking glue what was going on. Constantly confused. Granted, I was only giving it about 80% of my attention, but this episode was the first one I had any semblance of an idea of what was going on. Decades or even lifetimes between episodes with literally nothing indicating such a passage of time? Dead people walking around? No indication of flashbacks? Very confusing. To say the least.
What’s a red headed character these days if not portrayed by a black woman?
Thanks, I hate it.
I mean that’s pretty much the old Epstein theories lol
Naruto is easily the best base for MMA.
Yes you’re arguing semantics when everyone and their mother knows that in Ancient Greece (and literally still most of the world) that if you kidnap someone you also rape them.
Yes you’re right. But the immaculate conception was necessary for the virgin birth
It was a joke dude. The irony of claiming you have to be CNN while overanalyzing and reacting to a meaningless two word joke, especially while defending the inherently lacking credibility of some two-bit journalist from some self proclaimed moral authority on what constitutes stifling discussion is pretty rich.
Nah you’re doing just fine on your own.
He was like 46.
If we dump it in people bitch. If we drop pass people bitch. If we try to run it in and fail people bitch. Maybe our zone entries just suck and it has nothing to do with whether we use the drop pass or not.
Barely, that was almost a full decade ago. Got anything more recent to bring up or still living in 2011?
What about BJ Penn, one of the greatest lightweights of all time?
Maybe that’s why they let him walk.
All my casual friends even ones that aren’t even really ufc fans know about this fight and are talking about buying the PPV.
Seriously lol the PPV is cheaper than most people will spend on cocaine before the fight even starts let alone during or after.
Remember when Gaethje dismisses Conor by saying he wasn’t chasing leprechauns? Pepperidge Farms remembers.
She just can’t comprehend having the ability to finish someone that quickly.
Who would’ve thought the thirsty little sluts Masvidal has been talking about all this time is actually him.
Really? You had the fight ending in 40 seconds after Conor Knee’d Cowboy, shouldered him to a broken nose, roundhouse kicked him in the face, flying knee’d him, and then ground and pounded him to oblivion?
And easier to break your jaw.
There’s no way Thompson could be eligible for the BMF title though so he kinda already has that covered.
I think I’m just sick of seeing the “sort of but not Jedi but flirting with the dark side but not turning” plotline we see with him, Kanan, the guy in the new Star Wars game, etc. Diminishes Lukes resistance in the OT imo.
Its a mix of self deprecation and self loathing paired with an inferiority complex and a losers mentality. Quadruple threat.
Not to mention Poirier at this point is a heavy lightweight with a big cut, could arguably transition up to welterweight soon, while Max was a featherweight who didn’t cut.
How is Nate boring but rematches against two guys he absolutely destroyed more interesting? Conor beat Nate by a decision. And it was very close and competitive. It’s not like he crushed him in round one like he did Dustin. Holloway maybe cause at least that went the distance but Poirier got absolutely washed and then just lost to Khabib so he’s not even in Conor’s way as an alternative challenger.
I feel like while Gaethje does have the capability of giving a hard time I really don’t see him making it out of the first few minutes let alone the first round.
And I almost got shot cause I couldn’t hit a fence.
Bisping or GSP?
Yes exactly but they never do. They’re all able to withstand the pull, making what Luke did and what Anakin could not seem much more trivial.
&gt; “Hahahahahahahaha How The Fuck Is Cyber Bullying Real Hahahaha Just Walk Away From The Screen Like Close Your Eyes Haha”
Oh wow you figured out the secret! You should message him and let him know it’s just the ATVs! Quick, before he starts another training camp!
And if he wins this people will say he fought the ghost of RDA.
Held the division up lmao literally just held up Ngannou. Heavyweight is so sparse and was embarrassingly uninteresting before DC popped back in.
Gas tank remaining a MASSIVE problem though.
Why shouldn’t he make money on content that MMA journalists will make money on using his name?
You must not get out much.
Except the coach initiates the “is your hand broken?” I think it’s their safeword personally.
Yeah but he’s also almost 25
How can you possibly say middling? Diaz promoted and scheduled a fight with Pettis on his own, made an iconic call out against a guy who *just* KO’d a guy way bigger than him who just fought for the belt and is now about to fight for another up a weight class, and then had the KO of the year against an undefeated wrestler. He’s top five in the division for a reason. How anyone sees that as middling simply because their win/loss ratio doesn’t look like Khabib- I don’t get it. How isn’t it a great story for someone that never really realized their potential finally hits it big after years of gaming the sport and finally getting their just dues? Not to mention, the two guys both have styles fans want to watch, which is a common critique of the Welterweight division these days. BMF doesn’t mean journeyman, it means a style of fighting that’s fun to watch and people really want to see. It’s basically the Just Bleed belt.
If there was a weightclass for Being Completely Wrong About A Fight, r/mma would be Interim Champion.
An exception to a rule doesn’t define the rule.
More competition is good but OANN is not the beacon to hold journalism to. They grossly misrepresented the facts through outright lies of omission during the Turning Point Don Jr rally after they cancelled the Q&amp;A.
Case in point: you.
Those Korean and Iranian earthquakes will always sit outside the realm of reason for me. The timing is way took convenient and the potential for crazy conspiracies way too great. Makes me think there’s so much more going on than we see at the surface level.
At least 4 had the Walker scene. 5 had that trust fund actor kid that killed everything that episode had going for it and 1 felt soooo awkward in certain scenes especially at the beginning. Super cliche shit too, especially in the frog-thing taming scene.
I agree, so long as he’s stuck in a writing and not directing role.
Stephen A Smith getting exactly what he wanted by saying something outrageous and getting a fuckton of attention. Congrats guys.
Did you not see his last fight?
Hey look it’s literally anything with DC better swarm the comments with derivative eyepokes comments that have nothing to do with the actually good content in the interview.
He may have cost us a first but plays like one and apparently is helping turn around our other one lol
If you’re into legit tiny women in real life I would say the same thing tbh.
True MAGA believers wouldn’t be Yes Men and I’m sure there’s nowhere near enough of them to make a problem even if there were.
Wife or daughter?
Unless you’re Sam Bennett and then it’s all downhill from there.
They’re all Jewish?
Let’s not kid ourselves, he was a massive reach at 3. Definite top ten but top 3 was entirely positional need.
That’s why they call him Huggy
His father, coach, and manager all want the Conor fight.
Fight Island was a worthwhile investment so their international fighters can keep working.
👀
Don’t get paid if you don’t fight.
Or because he had two of the biggest PPVs of all time and followed that up with the BMF card he basically sold by himself.
Ironic because Till and Gastelum was a boring fight.
That’s literally what I was thinking watching it live.
If you’re the champ then prove you’re the champ by beating the guy you specifically called out wanting to destroy like the twin towers who doesn’t even deserve a title shot but you want to make an example of.
The strawmen this sub comes up with lol. No that’s not it. It’s because he went out of his way to call out a guy on a three fight losing skid with the express purpose of making an example out of him and making him “fall like the Twin Towers” and then couldn’t get past his motionless guard. He did less to Romero then anyone that’s fought Romero in 5 years, and then he gloated after the win and blamed Romero for the boring fight. That’s why.
It’s almost as if the way he went about it made it worse than others in the past, but notwithstanding that, plenty of fighters get shit on for talking trash and not backing it up. There’s hundreds of videos on YouTube of exactly that. I actually like Izzy, believe it or not. He’s one of my top five favorite fighters at Middleweight.
Reducing your existence as a fighter to money doesn’t sound very BMF.
Diaz is a bigger star and basically self visualized and self promoted the entire BMF thing altogether.
Imo both were rotten from the foundation up and would have been equally terrible.
Way to make a strawman. Obviously you can think some fighters in the ufc should get a bigger payday while also thinking Masvidal isn’t playing his cards well. No need for such “you people” generalizations either. The world isn’t black and white.
No you don’t get it if you say anything negative about Usman then you must be a MAGAtard Colby fan.
Two top five picks and still bitching good grief.
Dude they’re gonna get better. Top ten picks are top ten picks. Especially over the last few years the way the draft has played out, the best players often aren’t taken in the top 3, at least not all of them. Edmonton got 4 1st overalls and has barely made it out of the basement in the last five years. Detroit will be fine.
People say that every year and then before we know it Pettersson or Makar look miles ahead of Hischier and Patrick. I think draft position matters a lot less than people think, especially with Detroit. They pick all over the place look what happened with Seider.
Hooker vs Ferguson would be unreal and a great fight for both after those wars.
“Gastelum nearly knocked out Adesanya, Rob is gonna walk through him.
I think it’s just cringe to everyone.
It just seems needlessly antagonistic and it’s not clever enough to be worth it but to each their own.
Lol everyone hates seeing Conor in the rankings despite no one believing he’s retired and knowing full well he’s the biggest star the sport has ever seen yet can’t fathom seeing him in the rankings yet of all the movements on the list all anyone can talk about is Conor, almost like that’s why he’s still ranked.
It’s an attempted “big brothering” which is absolutely trash talk just more passive aggressive and patronizing.
This is specifically being done so that non American fighters with visa troubles can fight and get paid, wtf are you talking about?
You should’ve seen all the threads about Tony doing it before and after his Gaethje fight.
