You return after 3 weeks with yet another pointless argument. Yeah, I'm aware that the Nazis disliked capitalism. We have already discussed this where I pointed out that they still utilised capitalism. Businesses were privately owned and run to make a profit, contrary to socialism where they would be owned and run by the government without profit. Why do you ignore that completely? Why do you return to the discussion if you're going to just ignore my comments yet again? Isn't that a complete waste of time?
Write them a PM and offer your help. That's how you become a moderator on a subreddit.
My guess would be because it's nonsense.
Same when you use a dose of compost potion on a 15/15 bin vs a 1/15 bin. You use just as much. It's consistent, so I don't see the problem.
I was honestly surprised he wasn't at the top
Even then, another couched lance and you would still have died. You got lucky!
There is quite a big difference between not refunding items lost from bugs and not refunding items that were manually removed. You know exactly why one disappeared, not why the other disappeared.
The pacing of the Chimera Ants arc is very slow. It is like that in the manga as well, although the naturally higher pace of the manga because of the medium makes it much more enjoyable imo. The actual contents of the arc makes it one of the best, but the slow pacing makes it one of the worst to me. It's an odd one for sure.
Great idea, but make it a nice rounded 40 cost instead of 37.
I wouldn't mind the repost if it wasn't for the JPEG.
&gt; Idk it's not like money is that hard Losing 5m/hr for the perhaps 10 hours it takes to get confident is a heavy price to pay that not many would. I sure wouldn't, unless the reward was stupidly good, like double Zulrah or something.
Quest boss death mechanics predates the game. I'm fairly certain it wasn't a conscious design decision by the Gower brothers. Probably just a whatever and once there they just stuck with it.
I bought an extra a month or so ago and made about 5m from it. I just put it on the GE for 12.5m. I kind of pity the guy who bought it.
I'm not in a hurry. Kingdom Come: Deliverance is just around the corner!
I will drink from your skull
That gives me the interesting, if slightly silly, question of which mangaka I would clone if I could choose. It wouldn't be Oda. He's productive enough as it is and I'm confident he will finish it. No, I'd probably clone Togashi (author of Hunter x Hunter) because his world is insanely large, maybe even larger than One Piece with the [End of 2011 anime and chapter 340 manga spoiler](#s "Dark Continent reveal at the end of the anime and the beginning of the plan for an expedition there. We know that continent is several times larger than the known world and") it would take decades, if not more, to finish it even at Oda's pace. Oda's pace would probably require 5 or more Togashi's, so that would help. Another contender would be Miura (Berserk author), but I feel as though that manga is slowly coming to an end, which is not at all how I feel about HxH, so I gotta pick Togashi.
If you earn 4-7m+/h then please do tell me your method. If I'm not mistaken, 7m is faster than efficient raids, so I can't see how it can be anything other than flipping with a huge cashstack. It would take you 20 hours if you can consistently make 5m/h. A casual player cannot do that.
Players in a good clan who can get above 6m/hr is not the type of player who would have to spent 50m doing Zulrah to learn it. The players who would are those who don't have a DMM Zulrah alt for money. The only thing your extreme proposal will do is create a divide between casual PvM players and hardcore PvM players.
Is the 50 hours a month including your DMM alt? If not, what's the total?
Gratz mate. I got an arcane scroll on my 4th. Why is that relevant?
Nice one. I was surprised I got 8/10 since I've only watched the anime once and read the manga once :O I got the Yaburi and the Saeki question wrong. I don't even know what a Yaburi is, and I thought Saeki took the clever strategy of simply aiming for a decision win.
At least I didn't do the worst. I got 5/10 :D
And Donald "Fake News" Trump.
There are 2 reasons why I think calling Colombus evil is missing the point, both have to do with context. - Historical context. We call them evil today, but it was a different time where those actions were viewed in a different light. No, not as morally good actions, but as necessary evils in many ways. - Being in a group of people where you're viewed as superior twists you. There's a brilliant [TED talk about that with Philip Zimbardo](https://www.ted.com/talks/philip_zimbardo_on_the_psychology_of_evil/transcript). He's the guy behind the infamous [Stanford prison experiment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanford_prison_experiment). His experiment showed that perfectly normal people end up doing horrible, and sometimes sadistic, actions that cannot be viewed as anything but evil. But the people who did them weren't evil. They were perfectly normal university students. In conclusion, Colombus' actions were a product of both his time and his environment. Calling him evil based on those actions is missing the point completely imo.
Especially not when Tokyo is the city with the most 3 starred Michelin restaurants, many of which serve exquisite sushi. There's a difference between the local, decent sushi bar and the best available on the market.
I'm not saying it was necessary. I'm saying that it was *seen* as a necessary evil. They came from a time in history where pillaging in villages wasn't unheard of. People got slaughtered and rape was a cornerstone of pillaging. For instance, the Vikings pillaged and raped. It was terrible, but that's how life was. Whenever people were out for plunder, rape was seen as being part of the booty. The conquistadors are not an exception to that. That the whole system was evil does not make the individual man evil. Otherwise, your argument would be that everybody was evil back then. When the natives went to war before Colombus arrived they too raped and slaughtered the enemy tribe or city. Does that make them evil too? My point is that calling them evil from a modern perspective is missing the point. We all agree that many of their actions were undoubtedly evil, but I think we should be careful not to label the individuals as evil because it removes the nuance of history.
That's not the way to prove that point. [This is how to prove that point](https://www.reddit.com/r/2007scape/comments/7p6zmb/can_we_stop_grossly_over_exaggerating_gphr_rates/dsfs2k0/?context=10000)
Are you saying they didn't rape the locals after their pillaging? Of course they did. I'm not saying it was a rape rampage. It was a by-product of the pillaging they did, nothing more, nothing less. I know that pillaging wasn't what they did most. First and foremost they were traders and merchants, and some of those did settle in the new lands they arrived in. But others were warring bands pillaging where they went, especially in Great Britain. I'm not saying that their primary way of "spreading their genes" was through rape, but it certainly was one of them, even if it wasn't the reason why they did it.
&gt; Under the view of the time Columbus actions were also considered evil. I'm not saying they were good. I'm saying they were seen as "necessary evils". What I mean by that is that, as far as I'm aware, rape was a way to keep a band of sailors in line. I'm not an expert on the conquistadors and I'm not saying Columbus was a good man. I'm just saying that simply judging him as evil directly by his actions is imo not a good way to judge someone's character because you lose the context of history, of his intentions, and of his environment. If you haven't already, I recommend you and everyone else to watch the TED talk I linked. It's extraordinary how the environment can change people so drastically. It explains how otherwise ordinary US soldiers can treat prisoners inhumanely. Not that it justifies their actions, but it explains them. Similarly, you can explain Columbus' actions through his environment and through his natural greed instead of malice. His intentions were far from pure, but they're also far from sadistic in nature. My point is that simply labeling a historic person like Columbus as straight up evil removes the context that is needed to make such a judgement. You can view him as evil, but making the judgement based on 2 sentences is wrong if you ask me.
&gt; For instance, right now I'm very against an ornate pool nerf, because so many players have grinded for at least 83 construction. Fuck no. I have pool and want it nerfed. That shit is simply too powerful.
What are you talking about? Quest items are needed because you're supposed to go get those items yourself. That's the whole point. Otherwise, you might as well just meet up with 5k cash and turn that in at the start of the quest. You think GE is a good thing. That doesn't make it a fact. There are pros and cons to the GE, and personally, I dislike it and preferred what the game was before the GE. I'm entitled to have that opinion, just like you're entitled to think that the GE is a good thing. That doesn't make it a fact though.
&gt; Because it hasn't been updated for 13 years. Or because the game has clunky and awkward controls. Or because the game is infested with bots. Or because bugs aren't patched. Or because x y z. There are so many factors, and saying it's because of only 1 specific thing is ignorant at best. &gt; The game is enjoyable, but wouldn't be my first choice. And why is that? My guess would be the controls because that's the only problem I have with it, and the number 1 issue I hear people have. I wouldn't mind playing the initial version of RS2 with just as much content as RSC has, but with RS2 controls. The difference really is night and day. &gt; My point is, no game can really last without being updated. And that's why CS 1.6 is still doing fine? &gt; Big initial popularity [...] and its enchantment will quickly wear off No shit. A huge part of the playerbase would return for the nostalgia and leave when they've had their fill. But not all. There could easily be a 10-50k playerbase for an untouched 2007scape, as long as it has bug fixes and bots are banned. RSC has none of that and it's imo a weaker game because of the poor controls. That's why it's dead, not because there are no updates. Many players, the most prominent being Lynx Titan, has said that they would've preferred a 2007scape with minimal QoL changes instead of current OSRS. Believe it or not, but there is a market for it. &gt; You are the MMO equivalent of demanding Sharia law. What have you been smoking?
Everything's better with a Knut.
Did you just skim my comment or did you actually read it? Because it sure as hell doesn't seem like you actually read it in its entirety because I already addressed your reply. &gt; Then because you say it depends on the circumstances, going back on the subject, how is it that Sanji marrying a 13 year old (theoretically) generates this much uproar, but the people who actually did something don't? Wasn't that what my whole reply was about? Why people care about paedophilia, but not about random killings of bad guys? Also, Sanji's case is not paedophilia because Pudding is clearly past puberty regardless of her age. &gt; Rape? That's one reason. Another is that people, in general, have an emphasis on care of children, thus making child abuse a personal matter for most of them, regardless of whether or they have any actual personal attachment. &gt; Your argument falls apart here. Some of them have killed before joining. Killing ≠ murder. Wikipedia defines murder like this: "Murder is the unlawful killing of another human without justification or valid excuse, especially the unlawful killing of another human being with malice aforethought." I wouldn't say that the Straw Hats had no justification or valid excuse, nor any malicious intend. Sure, they might have before they joined, but we have not seen that. They sure haven't afterwards, so why would we assume they have before they joined? &gt; Goblin Slayer. The Punisher. Samus Aran. Lucy from Elfen Lied. I assume Goblin Slayer is about someone who kills goblins? Goblins are monsters, so I wouldn't really call it genocide. It would be more akin to getting rid of a parasite, like how we eradicated smallpox. Sure, this depends on the fictional universe that is established. Some would treat goblins as more humane than others, but in most cases they would be seen as monsters who are inherently evil. Isn't the Punisher just a guy seeking revenge? Which group of people did he exterminate? Samus Aran would fall in the same category as Goblin Slayer. She is killing evil alien monsters. That doesn't really have much, if anything, to do with genocide. I haven't seen or read Elfen Lied, but it's on my list already. I'd prefer to not delve deeper into it in order to avoid spoilers.
[MAL is helpful here](https://myanimelist.net/people/2034/Makoto_Yukimura). As /u/SairiRM pointed out, he has made [For Our Farewell Is Near](https://myanimelist.net/manga/4307/Sayonara_ga_Chikai_no_de). It's going straight to my list, that's for sure :D
&gt; The crux of the argument is that no matter what crime it is, as long as it concerns a child it will net outrage. But it still doesn't explain why there wasn't an uproar of the various other child abuse incidents in the series but Sanji got the worst overreaction yet. Because on top of being a serious crime, it's also taboo. It has a much stronger moral stigma than other crimes against children, like what Caesar Clown did. And we're supposed to hate the villains, so why would it create an uproar that a villain did an evil thing? Where did a good character in One Piece abuse a child? I'd say only Garp did any of that, but the fist of love kind of thing is a common trope in Japanese fiction, so I'd say it doesn't count. &gt; Unless they were sanctioned by law, they still committed murder. "without justification or valid excuse". They had the justification that the people they killed were bad guys. That means it's not murder. In law, there is also the caveat that killing another person could also be manslaughter instead of murder. &gt; GS is an MC who sees gobbos as inherently evil. You have a point that they're "monsters" aka not human. But gobs in their evil ways have their own civilizations and cities as well. I wouldn't call killing inherently evil creatures genocide. But you're of course free to disagree. &gt; Metroid's aren't evil. The whole point of Metroid 2 was that a baby Metroid imprinted on her, mistook her as its mother. I also wouldn't call exterminating alien monsters genocide, but you're again free to disagree. When I say genocide I mean genocide as in killing a group of people. &gt; It's technically not genocide since criminals aren't an ethnic, national, racial, political, or religious group, but it's still a whole big group of people. Fair point. I agree, it's kind of genocide, but not really. It's probably one of the cases that gets closest to genocide.
&gt; But Sanji never committed a crime. The others did. Regardless of the stigma, Sanji did nothing wrong. Unless you count making lewdfaces and heart eyes at Pudding as a crime. I don't see how anybody would blame Sanji. They blame the writer for suggesting that a 13-year-old can be a bride. That's the only kind of uproar I've seen, if you can even call it that. &gt; An alignment to good or became recently good? Judge applies for the latter. Judge is not a good person. Just because he helps the Straw Hats doesn't make him good. He is still very much an evil character. &gt; Alignment to good would mean Garp because he threw his grandson into the wild. That would be evil if there was malicious intent behind it and/or if Luffy wouldn't be able to handle himself. Both of those fail because Luffy can easily handle it and Garp knows that. It follows the "fist of love" theme. &gt; Fair enough. Still against the law though. The law of an evil, corrupt, autocratic government. They also outlaw piracy which essentially outlaws half of the morally good characters. Something being against the law doesn't make it wrong or morally incomprehensible. It just means that the people in power dislike it. If the people in power are bad guys, as is the case with a corrupt autocratic government, then there will be a whole lot of laws that don't count for much.
&gt; That's even worse. That's like calling GRRM a pedophile then. No, you misunderstand. They blame Oda because One Piece is aimed for a young audience. That's not the case with GRRM. You also have to view it in the context of the work. For GRRM, a 13-year-old bride makes sense because we have historical precedence. It's realistic. For Oda, it's completely out of place. There is no reason for it, which is why it's an odd one out. And when that odd one out is a child as a bride, then that's a problem and you would begin asking questions about the author. Obviously, that's going too far when you can obviously see that Pudding is an adult, but imagine if Pudding also looked like a child. That would've been an obvious problem. &gt; Judge is morally grey, not at all pure evil. He hated/hates Sanji, even when he was just an innocent kid, and even went as far as to beat him. He takes lives as no ones business. I don't see how you can defend him just because he teared up and decided to help the Straw Hats. He is straight up evil. Using the D&amp;D alignment, I think he'd fall into lawful evil, or maybe neutral evil because he aims to destroy other countries. &gt; Garp would be tried for child neglect, child abuse, among other things. But it's presented comically so it's "okay" It wouldn't be okay in the real world because Luffy would be physically and mentally wounded if that was the case. It's okay in One Piece because we know that Luffy won't get hurt and we know that it's out of love. There is no danger, not physically or mentally. There is no reason for it not to be okay. &gt; But your logic of "Something being against the law doesn't make it wrong or morally incomprehensible" would just create an unruly society, because there's no justice system in the world that's 100% perfect. Not at all. You can choose to follow rules not because you agree with them, but because you agree with the system at large and respect it. You can also choose to bend it and jaywalk instead of waiting when there are no cars in sight. That's illegal in most countries, but jaywalking is not morally wrong. I'm not talking about crimes that are obviously serious wrongdoings, like violent crimes or theft, but petty crimes where nobody is hurt. The reason why you don't go out and murder people is not because it's illegal. It's because it's obviously inherently wrong to do. &gt; a country with strict laws is not an evil, corrupt, and autocratic government. You're right. That would be a bureaucratic government. That's like the one where I live (Denmark). There once was a Danish party that wanted to remove 92% of all laws. They were once the second largest party in parliament, so it wasn't because it wasn't serious. That was back in the 70's and since then the number of laws has only increased. The original leader of the party would probably propose to remove something like 95% if it was today.
You're correct, I was referring to cheese05. He definitely used it for some time, but it seems it was a much shorter period than I thought. I cannot seem to find any world record runs with the heart rate monitor :(
That's what should have been a requirement for the minigame teleports if you ask me.
&gt; With a high enough kc, probability will always even out. It sounds like you think that he will magically get a slightly higher drop rate in order for it to even out. He won't. He is exactly where everybody else would be starting at kill 0.
&gt; You're both right. We aren't though. There is no guarantee that at 5 million KC they would be even. One would likely have 10+ drops more than the other, and it could go both ways. But based on what we know, the one who has 25k KC with no drop would likely be 5 drops behind at 5 million KC. That's how it works. There is no "even out". He'd likely stay behind because that's what he started out with.
That one is again different, this time for 2 reasons. 1 is that Vanderdecken is clearly shown to want to marry Shirahoshi for her power, not out of lust. This means he is not actually a paedophile. And again, Vanderdecken is a villain. He is expected to be immoral. &gt; just like how there's adults following One Piece, there's kids following GoT. Sure, it's mixed, but that's where the similarities end. Game of Thrones is rated TV-MA in the US, meaning it is "specifically designed to be viewed by adults and therefore may be unsuitable for children under 17." That's different to a shounen manga/anime which would specifically be aimed at children and teens, especially the anime. &gt; The outrage was unjustified. That we can agree on. It should be obvious to everyone that it was a mistake because Pudding looks like an adult.
Sure, but as it trends towards infinity, the number of drops deviating from the mean is also increased. Depending on how you use this, you can end up with 2 conflicting conclusions. Just because the % deviation will decrease doesn't mean the deviation in the number of drops will also decrease. The opposite would happen.
I thought that it would be a nice idea with extended, as long as the requirement is greater. But this is just ridiculous. 200% buff incoming.
&gt; Sanji was supposed to marry Pudding too because of unavoidable circumstances. Noseblood, hearts for eyes, trying to kiss her. Sanji didn't want to marry her, but he sure did have a lust for her. It wouldn't have been paedophilia regardless of her age since her body was obviously that of an adult. But still, he was shown to have a lust for her. That cannot be said for Vanderdecken. &gt; IMO ratings don't matter much in the US anymore My point is not whether or not it is respected. My point is that a mature rating is an indication of which audience it is aimed at, and it means that there are mature themes, like strong violence and somewhat explicit sex scenes. The rating on TV shows has never mattered. A 5-year-old can just turn on the telly. But that doesn't mean that a 5-year-old is expected to watch it. The reason why this matters is because mature audiences are expected to know how this fictional world works and that just because somebody is married to a 13-year-old and that is normal in the fictional world doesn't make it okay in the real world. A child wouldn't be able to extrapolate that, which is why we have ratings for entertainment in the first place. And that's why it's more okay to include paedophilia in fiction aimed at mature audiences and why it isn't okay to include paedophilia in fiction aimed at pre-teen children. That's why there would be more of an uproar about it in One Piece than in GoT. As for the actual uproar, yes, I agree that is quite ridiculous because it was an obvious mistake with a number. If Pudding was shown as a child and Sanji was shown with the same lust, then I would agree with the uproar and find it quite perplexing to say the least.
&gt; yet it's fine to keep it ingame so long as ironmen can't use it. I think it should be removed and therefore I also think ironmen shouldn't use it. We're not saying it's fine. We accept it because we accept the fact that it will never succeed a poll to be removed, nor is it likely to ever be polled. Why ruin another aspect of the game just because one aspect is already ruined? If you don't want the challenge of ironman, then you're free to de-iron and continue with your own rules.
You can still do that. You're just not gaining the OP rewards that completely ruin an entire aspect of the game that is collecting herbs and secondaries, as well as offering free pure essence and flax for low-level ironmen.
Yeah, as I said, not paedophilia. And you're absolutely right. [Q'orianka Kilcher at 14 years old.](https://data.whicdn.com/images/94478296/large.jpg) Thinking she is sexy in that picture is not paedophilia since she is obviously way past puberty. My point was just that Vanderdecken wanting to marry a child has nothing to do with paedophilia since it was for a completely different motive: to gain the power of Poseidon.
Convenience and time
Achievement? What do you mean? Why would that matter? My problem with it is that it makes everything faster and it removes the feeling of being in a world, which is kind of the point of an RPG imo.
It was a suggestion. I don't have an ironman so I don't really know the best methods.
It's because he's Korean. Koreans, in general, are quite picky about their cuisine. Anything not Korean and they generally won't enjoy it. RooKie is the exception. He absolutely loves Chinese food. But not even kidding, one of the reasons why Korean imports go back to Korea is the food.
Right, sorry about that. I didn't read it thoroughly so I must've missed that.
Not to mention that they can still just do the first raid. I think it would be fine to have the difference and not letting them do the Morytania raid because there would be too much existing lore involvement.
And they can still do Chambers of Xeric, so they will still have that.
The 4600 def xp would still allow berserkers, so I think its honestly fine. PK builds should be made to do that, to PK. And if they do want to do lategame PvM there will still be Chambers of Xeric.
I plan on making an ironman when (if) group ironman is released. NMZ shop access would kind of ruin it for me.
Honestly sounds more American, like that infamous one with a burger and chips.
I would've imagined that South Korea and Japan would be on top, [but you're right](https://data.oecd.org/emp/hours-worked.htm). Mexico is at the top at 2255 hours a year, or just over 43 hours a week.
I know. Doesn't change the fact that gulaschsuppe is a huge part of Austrian cuisine as well. It's very similar to Hungarian goulash, but still quite distinct imo. I absolutely love both, but the Austrian gulasch is my favourite.
I did that once. Now I fear I will do it again and lose the placeholder untrimmed herb cape I have, just like how I lost the actual cape :(
That button is right next to the bank filler button. It's very easy to missclick.
Oh, right, lol. Thanks for pointing it out :D
I fucked up the drop trick when I got my 4th 99. Such a stupid mistake. I should've bought more than only 2 untrimmed capes, but oh well, shit happens :(
Why would you want a toggle? How often do you clear your placeholders?
Yeah, I remember that one. It's been so long that I didn't even consider it. In hindsight, it is quite obvious.
&gt; Instantly top like 1% of richest accounts in game More like 0.1% if you ask me. If we exclude every player below 500 total we still end up with [1,150k players](http://services.runescape.com/m=hiscore_oldschool/overall.ws?table=0&amp;page=46000). I have no idea how many players actually have over 1.4b (or 1.6b as OP said he now has), but let's say it's everyone who is maxed. That's [2655 players](http://services.runescape.com/m=hiscore_oldschool/overall.ws?table=0&amp;page=107). That would mean around 0.23% of players above 500 total have 1.4-1.6b+ banks. I think it's more likely that a number closer to half the number of maxed players have that much, putting OP in the top 0.1%. For context, I'm almost 2100 total and have a bank value of 350-400m. EDIT: [There are over 3k t bows in game according to the data stream](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/209823991?t=00h33m18s). This means there must be more than 3k players with a bank worth above 1.5b. It's probably closer to double, or even triple, that. So 5-10k players have more than 1.5b. I'm honestly surprised. If we use the same number as before and say there are 1.1m accounts then OP is most likely very close to the top 1% mark. Very surprising to me.
[More like 700-800 or so](https://rsbuddy.com/raids). I might be off by a lot with my estimate, but I think OP is definitely quite a lot above the 0.1% mark.
[You're right. It says the combined worth of t bows was 3.39tn](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/209823991?t=00h33m18s) when the data stream was recorded. Now I'm just wondering why the OSbuddy drop table is so far off. There must've been a bug with it since it has only counted 1/5-1/4. Interesting. This definitely means I'm way off in my estimate. There are definitely more than 3k accounts with a worth above 1.5b. It would probably be around double or something similar. Thanks for correcting me.
[I got Arcanists running perfectly through this](https://www.reddit.com/r/funorb/comments/5vvi0b/how_to_play_funorb_games_outside_of_the_browser/)
Pretty sure every Nazi propaganda film is legal to own in Germany. The only thing that is illegal is using Nazi imagery in public.
So every American music video with a curse word is basically banned? And most PG-13 movies are also banned because some of the R-rated material is removed, only to occasionally be shown in Director's Cuts? That's how you sound right now.
Which, to be fair, is true. Germany had the world's greatest land army at the start of WW1, and it did utilise a lot of revolutionary measures, from basic things like using a [grey uniform](https://thehistorybunker.co.uk/image/cache/catalog/1german1914-875x1000.jpg) instead of something like [the French red-blue uniform](http://www.euro-t-guide.com/See_Photo/France/NW_Amiens/WWI_Museum_Peronne_2011_08.jpg), to more intricate details involving strategy and logistics. There are a lot of things to admire them for. But the American probably takes it too far, like they usually do with their patriotic/imperialistic boner for everything military related.
&gt; You realize that the only reason Germany exists in the first place is because of the US. Without the US, the USSR would have just occupied the entire country. Forget Schrödinger's Sweden. We now have Schrödinger's Germany, the Germany that simultaneously would have occupied all of Europe *and* would have been occupied by the USSR without US intervention.
If you create a game with Nazi imagery and release it publically, then that is equivalent to using Nazi imagery in public.
It really does. A single look at the insane poll passing right now. We're getting a 200% duration buff to super antifires passing at 79.4%-81.4%. That's absolutely disgusting if you ask me.
I only started bitching about pool when I actually got it. Why? Because that's when I actually realised how insanely good it is.
[Same](https://imgur.com/a/uuFOh). Hopefully, we'll get a toggle on placeholder so they will never disappear.
How do I set that up to exactly 2:1? I switched recently, but cannot get it to work properly :(
That's not the reason. The reason people don't want lvl 80 gear is because it would go against the spirit of having an *old school* game. People want to preserve the spirit of the game, and using the same armours and weapons that we used back in the days is part of that.
Yeah, we really need a new higher tier token. No we don't? Nobody is even close to reaching the 2000b gp where a new platinum+ token would make sense. We don't even have enough gold in the game for it to make sense. If you add the number of platinum tokens to the number of coins in the game, you'd end up with a total value of [20,000 billion coins](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/209823991?t=00h32m51s). There is no way a single player would end up with 1/10th the combined coins in the game. That's just absurd.
Brilliant answer to the question though. I'm laughing imagining the Finn finding out that private saunas is a Finnish thing, not a European thing. "Crazy talk, everybody should have a sauna!" My grandparents had a sauna. That was nice during winter, though I'd say it's not really cold enough in Denmark to be commonplace.
I always thought that sweet bread was a Norwegian thing, and now I find out Pågen is Swedish. It does taste good, but after a holiday in Norway, I'm glad that I can get back to the salty Danish bread.
I concur. And I dare say it's worse for Danes. We have the unique [rugbrød](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rugbr%C3%B8d) where even your dark bread cannot compare. Doesn't help that half of us eats it every day for lunch, making it a thing we really crave when abroad.
TIL that you're not an adult in America unless your BMI is above 30. Average height in America is around 169 cm (male + female). At 169 cm and 200 pounds, you're above 30 BMI meaning obese.
I'm on the light side as well. Not saying you do, but if you want to change it, the only way forward is eating more and healthier and lifting weights. The former is actually the most important for gaining weight, not the lifting part.
Yes it fucking is. My brother and I are around that height. He is into lifting and is basically twice as wide as I am because of it. He is 80-85 kg. 90 kg at 175 is either 80's Mr Olympia physique or straight up fat. [3-time Mr. Olympia, Frank Zane at 175 cm and around 85 kg](https://www.frankzane.com/wp-content/uploads/Frank-Home-03-450x450.jpg).
Looks awesome. Any plans for Android?
&gt; But you still seem to take issue with me arguing against the censorship in question. I don't agree with you on principle. I agree with you in this specific instance because I think the law is enforced in instances where it shouldn't be, like in games or with crossed out swastikas in demonstrations, as you point out. The principle of banning Nazi imagery in public is fine imo, because it makes sense in the context of Germany. You're free to disagree. &gt; I said anyone should be able to go to a storefront and buy a copy of the film. I'm still not sure whether this is the case. My point was that people can and do watch them. I don't know whether or not they can purchase them, and I honestly don't care either way. It would make sense if they are banned because they glorify Nazism and some of them, like Der Ewige Jude, are racist and call for violence against Jews. I can certainly see the argument for either case, and I wouldn't mind either way because they are shown in schools where you have more context arround the film. I would disagree with the ban if they were banned to never be shown to any German. &gt; It is not a huge inconvenience to be denied a cake when you can purchase the cake anywhere else, but it would open up room for the further denial of services to LGBT people. I agree 100%. &gt; it is not the biggest inconvenience when punk bands that have anti-nazi memorabilia such as swastikas with crosses running through them have their merchandise confiscated by the government, but it is a troubling portent of further disregard for free speech. I agree that the law reaches too far when it is enforced against anti-Nazi rallies, but I don't think Germany has any trouble with further disregard for free speech. According to the Human Freedom Index, [Germany ranks 13th with the US at 23rd](https://www.cato.org/human-freedom-index). They are miles ahead of the US, even though their ban on Nazi imagery is very harsh (not to mention near-total bans on firearms). And I don't see any sources indicating that Germany has lost freedom over time, which would make your fear of further disregard for free speech in Germany appear irrational. And that's exactly why I view it as such. It's a non-issue. &gt; Why argue about anything when there are always bigger fish to catch? Why are you on a sub that satirizes american over-patriotism when you could be building bridges for communities in South Sudan? I didn't explain myself well in my last comment, but I hope this one has outlined why I think the Nazi ban in Germany is a non-issue for free speech in general. It's not that there are bigger fish. It's that the fish that is ban of Nazi imagery is so small that it's negligible. Why make such a fuss about an issue that doesn't exist? &gt; So let's assume the government allows the religious/ general historical use of the swastika and is focusing on the stylized Nazi swastika. I would assume they allow the religious use of swastikas. Raiding religious buildings for the purpose of destroying their religious styled swastikas would be ridiculous. Unless you have a source that shows it, I would think that it's not the case. I was not aware that they had a general ban on the swastika. I always assumed it was just the Hakenkreuz. Not that tvtropes is the most reputable source, but I'll believe you. &gt; If the nazi swastika with the red, white and black colors is censored based on the actions of Hitler, shouldn't the similarly stylized hammer and sickle be banned for the actions of Stalin? What was missing in my previous explanation for why this was not the case? &gt; I can not entrust a group of people to delegate an official moral or artistic decision for the masses. Maybe that's because you live in a less free country where it's actually a good idea to distrust such groups? In more free countries, like Denmark, where I'm from, we have no issue with this. Our corruption is tied as the lowest in the world with New Zealand, and it's been the lowest in the world for as far as I can remember. It works well, and whenever such councils make an odd decision, it's debated in the media and it might get changed based on that. It's a very open process and not at all a hard printed decision that is forced on the masses.
Aww that's a shame. I hope you'll port it if the iOS app becomes a success :)
Total value of all items in the game is 73,000 billion coins. That doesn't warrant a new higher tier token worth 1 million each.
I thought it was random people until 1:32 where the man in the red shirt is a really shitty actor. Good idea imo though. It highlights the absurdity of net neutrality being repealed.
You should grind out an obby maul. Wouldn't that be better than the RPG? You'd need to runecraft 7200 chaos runes, but wouldn't it be worth it?
Ahh, that makes sense, thanks. He can't protect item with such a low pray level either so I guess RPG would be better than protect item and lower str with obby maul.
You'd need to gas 250 million to get rid of all the fat Americans though.
Whenever this happens, I just continue as if the other guy wasn't there. They usually hop after a few kills. In no way am I gonna hop worlds between KQ kills.
He could toss a coin to decide whether to end troll tasks every 5 min. That way he would still do the troll tasks, which are part of the charm, but not do them for 30 min like the real tasks.
Oh god, please no, I don't think I can handle another manga with extreme breaks :( A bit off-topic, but in terms of mangas on break, I'm honestly most worried about Hunter x Hunter. Berserk seems like it's close to being finished. HxH seems like it has just started with the most recent arcs. If it continues like it has the past few years, I'm worried it will never finish.
Welcome to the great medium of mangas! I started reading Grand Blue 3 weeks ago, so it's way too soon for a re-read for me. But I don't think I'll re-read it before it finishes anyway. As /u/cokelemon said, there are so many other mangas out there. Of the manga that are currently publishing, I'm reading Berserk, Grand Blue, Hajime no Ippo, Hunter x Hunter, One Piece, The Legend of Onikirimaru (wtf happened to that one?), Attack on Titan, and Vinland Saga. While waiting for new chapters, I'm reading Gunnm: Last Order (or Battle Angel Alita: Last Order). Before that, I read the original Gunnm (or Battle Angel Alita) and the spin-offs. And after G:LO, I'll be reading the sequel, Gunnm: Kasei Senki (or Battle Angel Alita: Mars Chronicle). That one is still publishing, so that's another one to the list. On the side, I've also started reading comics. I'm currently reading Saga of the Swamp Thing, which is my first comic. I've got a huge list of mangas and comics to read after those, so there is plenty. My point is that manga is a wonderful medium with so many great works out there. If you're a veteran anime viewer, you've probably heard of [MAL](https://myanimelist.net/), but I'll link it anyway in case you haven't. Once you catch up to the current chapter, the best you can do is start a new manga. If you do that, you'll never worry about catching up and the waiting for the new chapters will go much more smoothly. Happy reading!
It honestly feels kind of like filler. But the overall arc with the continent is very interesting imo and it leads up to such a huge world that you can fill with hundreds, if not thousands, of chapters without any issues. That's what I meant.
&gt; Current BiS &gt; Currently useless Hmm... 🤔
The mods, Kieren in particular, have talked about wanting to do another PoH update. This will be some time after the farming cycle update since brewing uses the same cycle mechanic. I'd assume they will begin talking about it more after that update hits. Until now, they've said that they want to do it, but only after the update.
It just says increased accuracy with fire spells. You don't know if that's +1 magic attack, if it's +20, or anything in-between.
I think the additions should be very conservative and only happen rarely, like every other year or so. Every year seems like a chore to keep up with something to keep the reward you've already unlocked. There is nothing exciting about unlocking something you've alreadý had.
That would make sense. Emma could be a 1/32 Scotsmen who want to go home to the seat of her clan.
I've never heard of any of them. I'm surprised he didn't mention Ratebeer. Pretty sure it's the largest beer site in the world. Still American, but quite clearly minded for an international audience, just like "Google, Snapchat, Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, etc." How do I know it's international? Well, the top four reviewers are Danish, and the top American reviewer is ranked 6th: https://www.ratebeer.com/ratings/beerclub.asp EDIT: Saw somebody else using Alexa ranking. Here's it for Ratebeer.com: https://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/ratebeer.com#trafficstats Only 37% American, which makes it much more international than something like untappd, meaning it's a much better representation of the best beers in the world and the best beer places in the world. [Top places on Ratebeer](https://www.ratebeer.com/places/top-rated/). Sure, it's still America-centric since it refers to US places by states instead of just the country (which is a problem because you don't know if they mean Georgia as the state or country), but much better than untappd for sure. Best American place is ranked 9th.
Oh, right. It was so obvious, and I missed it. Of course he would.
And then the Finn moved to America and realised that not everybody had saunas at home. Then he went back to Finland.
&gt; Most reasonably priced gaming PCs won't even go over 128GB on a SSD. With current cell phone applications I'd be surprised if there's ever going to be a case where you'll need more than 128GB of SSD space. For the last part, do you mean cell phone SD cards or actually SSD space? Because it's the former, boy are you wrong! I've got a 120GB SSD for OS and smaller programs and a 500 GB SSD for games and large programs. The decreased load times are fantastic.
The whole point he's trying to make is that Android offers competition. I've had Samsung, HTC, OnePlus, Huawei, in that order. The only manufacturer I chose twice was OnePlus because the One was simply outstanding and unbeatable at an unbelievable pricepoint. So I got the 3 afterwards. Otherwise, I've simply chosen what made most sense for me. The competition means Android users are much less likely to get fucked.
&gt; cheaper entry level phones Believe it or not, but I've got other stuff I'd rather spend money on. Like a holiday abroad, or maybe going out with friends? Or if I want to get geeky, I could get a new graphics card or 7x AAA video game titles at launch price. What do you use your phone for where you need a $700+ phone? In which case is a $300 phone not sufficient? And why would you need to change it every year, like a lot of Apple fans do? I don't see the logic, I really don't. I got my current phone for $217. And that's in Denmark where the cheapest iPhone 8 costs $1035 instead of $700. Sure, it's not as fast as the iPhone, but it does beat the 6S for sure. It's faster, twice the memory, almost twice the battery capacity, 30% larger resolution. All this for a third the price a new 6S would cost me today. 1/3 the price! Sure, I miss out on a superior camera (always iPhone's strong suit) and I get 32GB space instead of 128GB, but I do have the option for SD if I want more, which I don't get with iPhone. That's 2 years and a phone that costs 1/5 the price is better than the iPhone. It's not even a contest if you ask me.
I was honestly shocked at redwoods when I reached 90 and realised just how insane they are. There is a reason why the logs are literally at alch price now. Also got 99 thieving at ardy knights because of how afk ardy cloak made them. Or were they like that already? Difference between afk and effort should definitely be higher imo. Thank God NMZ was nerfed, but I still feel like it's OP. And I didn't take advantage of 6h Guthan's. Wintertodt is too high xp at lower levels. There is little reason to burn yew or magic logs anymore. 90+ is balanced because redwoods makes it so fast and cheap with logs. I'm a pleb at RC so no idea how OP Zeah actually is. But I'd assume I'll get just as shocked as I was at redwoods, if not more because of the discussions around it ever since Zeah was released. So yeah, I think they need changing. That should be obvious to everyone if you ask me. EDIT: I forgot to mention that I think MLM is fine and balanced well. You have MLM for afk and low xp and profit. Then you have blast mining for higher effort, higher xp and higher profit. And then you have granite for higher effort, very high xp and no profit, with the option for tick manipulation for much higher effort and higher xp again. It's great imo.
The guns part is the obvious one I missed. But boy, you nailed it with the hate speech part. It seems so weird to me that so many seemingly non-fascist and non-racist Americans would defend hate speech so fiercely. At least I can somewhat understand the logic behind the guns.
Unless you're like a police officer, I don't think it is. You'll just have to limit your consumption. Smoking weed every day is a recipe for disaster.
Well said. As I see it, your post largely boils down to 3 points, 2 of which I agree with and one I don't. 1. Bots are a problem. We all know, and we all want Jagex to do more about it. We can do nothing more than showing Jagex that we care about this issue, which I applaud you for bringing to light in a more helpful way than I've previously seen on this sub. 2. Ignoring the oldschool medieval style in favour of a more flashy, fantasy and RS3-esque style. I absolutely agree that this is a huge problem that Jagex and the vast majority of the playerbase largely ignore. Your example with Hatius Cas-whatever is one of the few examples where everybody agrees that it's out of place, but they're missing the bigger picture of places like Zeah, the music, the exaggerated style of new weapons and armour etc. and that it's not limited to new content with your example of Stronghold of Security being spot on. Thank you for bringing this to light. Personally, I'd go a step further and say that this is partly a biproduct of power creeping. What must be better than this epic, medieval sword? Well, one's that is slightly disfigured and red, thus more cool. What's better than that sword? One that's even bigger and more disfigured, because it's even more cool! Avoid power creep as much as possible and you can solve this issue. 3. The culture of efficiency and xp waste. I disagree that this is a problem. I see it as simply a logical progression and it starts when players have been around for a while. Some turn to events, minigames, and PvM, while others turn to skilling and getting maxed. The "xp waste" culture is overblown and mostly comedic in nature, at least as far as I'm concerned. It's a non-issue. And I don't think Jagex caters to efficient players. If they were, why would they continuously add new, higher xp, and more afk methods to train? That's catering to the casual players who wants to get the benefits of being high level. Which brings me to the actual problem. There are too many benefits of being high level, which means you need to grind skills you don't like to grind. Skillcapes are one thing, but the perks from them and the achievement diaries? Different things entirely. They give efficient players a lot of beneifts that this small and niche playergroup never asked for. If you doubt that, go to Autumn Elegy's YouTube channel. He's the front figure of the "efficiency culture" and he outlines these exact problems in his controversial video where he complains about the status of the game: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6gyH_Cv7NQ These players generally like how the game used to be and dislikes change. Now, I don't see you as someone particularly conservative, but you do acknowledge that the changes we have got for the game have largely been for the worse, which means you somewhat align with the "ultra efficiency demographics". Especially with your last point: &gt; I also urge the community to not be so receptive to bad content and to not be so permissive of existing bad content simply because it is "convenient". Atmosphere should be valued over convenience and if that makes skilling or PVMing too slow then that is more indicative of a critical flaw in the experience system than anything else. The "ultra efficiency demographics" complain about skilling beind made quicker and methods being too convenient, not the other way around. What I think this game needs is fewer updates so that there is more thought and care for every update. Sure, this can hurt the short term economics, but I'd wager that it greatly increases the potential lifespan of the game.
They can't know every single bug in the Theatre, so when do you propose they open it again?
Cooking pet just doesn't make sense. Why would a monkey chef appear while you're cooking a fish or making wines? Skilling pets for gathering skills at least make a bit more sense in general. Take heron for instance. You catch a fish and the heron tries to snatch it so you catch the heron and adopt it as a pet.
For better quality, here's the source: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/270800726?t=08h01m37s
Politicians result in terrorists running over people in lorries? What the fuck are you talking about?
I dislike RWT because it often involves credit card fraud or botting. If people play the game and want to spend time in the game to make money IRL then I don't see a huge problem with it. They're not typical players, but they're still players regardless. Bots are a problem because they flood the market with low-level resources that skew the economy and credit card fraud is a problem because it floods the market with gold and costs money for Jagex. RWT from Venezuelans is neither.
These "plain" looking pizzas are so ridiculously delicious in a proper Italian pizzeria. I rarely go to Italy, but when I do, I make sure to visit a small town with little tourism. In my experience, that's the best way to get proper local food.
A joke requires a punch line. That's not a punch line.
New or old pasta?
&gt; Notice how he calls "left wing" media MSM. Conservative media is apparently not MSM, because they are being suppressed by the big "left wing MSM". No, I think it's because any MSM organisation is far too left for his views and any media that aligns with his viewpoints are far-right extremists, thus not MSM.
Bonds is so different from other microtransactions since it trades money for in-game currency between players. It's a very clever system that doesn't introduce new items to the game. It also curbs RWT since it offers a legal alternative that supports the game instead of destroying it. Honestly, I can see no reason to be against it.
Never bought bonds so were unsure if they were more expensive than the regular month to month membership. Good to know.
I had no idea Zezima was on reddit. Is it really him?
It's what it means when you're talking about computer graphics. That it means something else in other fields is irrelevant. And /u/cjdickmeyer is absolutely right.
What he means is that art ≠ graphics. Art is what is drawn and art quality is how well something is drawn. In this case, graphics would be the resolution it is drawn in. In that case, Jebrim is right that OSRS graphics are poor since it's low resolution. That doesn't mean the art quality is bad though. An example of great art with poor graphics would be some old games or indie games. In these cases, it is not possible to create great graphics, either because there is not enough processing power to draw high-resolution graphics (old games), or because it's too costly to draw the art in higher resolution (indie games). Some of these games still look fantastic, like the old Legend of Zelda games, and that's because the art quality is high despite the poor graphics.
You're of course entitled to your own understanding of the term, but be aware that you're in a tiny minority when it comes to the games industry. I can't think of anybody other than Mod West using the term like, except for outside the industry.
In your definition of the word it is. Not many people share that definition though, so I don't see why that would be particularly relevant. If Jebrim meant graphics in the usual sense then he would be absolutely right, given how low resolution the textures are and how simple shaders are, just to mention another example. That said, I believe the simpler graphics of the 2004-2006 era is generally of a higher art quality than the newer art, especially compared to the old Zeah art. I'm happy that Mod West is changed these to better fit the old style.
Exactly. Add to this that a lot of people can falsely think that their account is secure with 2FA. With just a 3-day delay, this would be a non-issue.
Did they ever give you a guarantee that the servers will be online 24/7? I certainly don't recall such a guarantee, but you're welcome to prove me wrong.
Maybe because they don't work late at night on Sundays and want to make sure it's a DDoS attack before giving an even worse non-answer.
I was genuinely annoyed that none of the Wakandans (that I noticed) were even African. All of them black Americans trying to pull off African accents with very mixed results. Call me picky, but it kind of breaks the illusion when close family members try to make completely different accents and often fail at it. As Larry Madowo, a Kenyan journalist, said [in an interview:](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/global-opinions/wp/2018/02/16/black-panther-why-the-relationship-between-africans-and-african-americans-is-so-messed-up/?noredirect=on&amp;utm_term=.a6f0edfd27b4) &gt; The accents are all over the place! It was jarring and annoying to me! They wanted to base the accents on Xhosa from South Africa, but some of it sounded Nigerian, others sounded more Ugandan. It was very confusing, and I understand perfecting an accent is difficult, but oh, my goodness, it was so messy! I really liked the costumes. They were great. But ultimately, Wakanda, at least in the film, is an approximation of African culture, an outsider’s version of what African culture might be like — the rituals, song and dance, the rites of passage. The last part there really nails it if you ask me. I felt like I was watching a fantasy of what African American people imagine Africa is like (or rather what it would be like if not for colonial oppression). It felt so odd. Am I completely off base here, or do others feel the same? Chadwick Boseman nailed it though. One of the best parts of the movie imo.
&gt; Germany was even more disadvantaged in WW1 than in WW2 In what way? Germany made Russia pull out because of the revolution, and they had a small shot at winning the war all the way until 1918. Meanwhile, Germany had already lost the war by 1943, if not already by 1942. The rest of the war was them simply holding out as long as they could. In WW2, Germany's most severe disadvantage was their incompetent Nazi leadership since Hitler valued ideological alignment with his cause higher in his followers than competence. Cut off all the Nazi ideology of eradicating "subhumans" and fighting against communism, and I'd agree with you that Germany was at a worse disadvantage in WW1 than in WW2. But with Nazism? I don't think so. &gt; So Germany would have to not only survive being gangbanged by Russia and France Which they did by winning most battles against France for most of the war and making Russia pull out. &gt; The only scenario where the central powers could have won is if the US joined Germany, which was certainly a possibility at the time. Maybe they would've won if the US had simply stayed out and not supported Britain and France with supplies throughout the war. The Triple Entente won the war of attrition because Germany had nobody to supply their starving population. Even though the US was neutral, they were essentially on the side of the Entente since they supplied them without supplying Germany because of the superior UK navy blocking the German harbours.
I've never been to Africa and can count my African acquaintances on a single hand. I wouldn't be able to say with any confidence whatsoever what accent the actors were trying to do. All I know is that they sounded very different from one another and for the most part not even close to the very little I've heard actual Africans speak in documentaries, TV series, and movies. Yes, I'm picky, but if it sounds glaring to me, boy must it be annoying to actual Africans! The truth of the matter is that most people aren't as picky. Either they don't pay attention to those small insignificant details or they don't care enough for it to break immersion, like with yourself. It would increase the cost if they had to hire more dialect coaches or spend more time with them for each actor. Or it would likely have been detrimental to the box office if most of the actors were African actors that fewof the movie-goers would know. I understand why they do it, but I still find it a shame.
&gt; so sexually depraved I'd argue that's not the case. They're deprived of social interactions with women. They can get a simulation of sex through porn, but that doesn't really do anything for the social aspect. Or at least I think that's why. That reason makes sense to me.
Oh, there were 2 videos then? Just went through the image again and realised somebody made the exact same link you did. Whoops. Well, I guess we all learned something then.
I've only ever failed to vote in elections. I swear it's more difficult than it looks!
Personally, I don't think it's too sexualised, but I could see an argument being made about the buttocks showing very clearly. She could've been in initiate armour or something, or just not have been drawn with such defined buttocks.
I've personally not done standard trees. I've done a single daily run until I got pet at 29m xp. The run included papaya, calquat, and herbs, as well as mahogany when Fossil Island was released. And I'm not maxed yet. For farming, which trees you should include in your run depends on how much you play each day and your consistency. I would argue that you'd have to include at least some standard tree runs if you're going for 200m all seriously since 200m all requires you to play a lot. Lynx Titan is close, but he has also averaged something like 15 hours a day for 4 years or so. And since EHP is largely based on going for 200m all seriously, I'd argue that standard trees would be EHP. But yes, you're right that at the end of the day, it is arbitrary.
It is very common that prize money for esports competitions take months to pay out. I would expect something similar from Jagex with their competitions. However, we're beyond months now. There are people who have waited more than a year for their prize now. That's unreasonably long time and I find that unacceptable. If I was the one waiting that long, with no response whatsoever mind you, I would be pissed as well.
r/SWARJE is leaking again
I get what you're saying and I absolutely agree. Your comment simply had a minor inaccuracy that I felt was somewhat important to correct. The end-result for the user buying the gold is the same whether they buy bonds or gold directly though, so to them, the distinction is not important. It's more this sub being against microtransactions where I feel like the distinction is quite important.
Thanks for the calculations! TIL. I had heard the "+4 str = +1 max hit" so many times that I just took it at face value. What happens at higher strength levels? Does the strength bonus have a higher or a lower impact on max hits? Or does it stay the same? I'm assuming it has a higher impact from the "eff str*str bonus" part, or am I reading it wrong? If I'm reading it right, then is there an effective strength level where +4 str bonus results in exactly +1 max hit? And where above results in a lower bonus being required to hit the +1 max hit? I have no idea how to make an equation for that.
Warrior rings alch for 6k. Why would you ever do that? :O You could put them and other duplicates to an alt to buy bonds.
? People who go for 200m will obviously care since they need be as efficient as possible to reach their goals. That slayer has become more than twice as fast makes a huge difference.
I think I'd expand the picture a tiny bit so there is no frame at all. Would be kind of difficult, but I think the end result would make it even better.
I tried calculating how high of a max hit you'd get from an additional +4 str bonus at 99 with piety and super strength pots. This: trunc(1.3 + eff str lvl/10 + str bonus/80 + (eff str lvl*str bonus)/640) Becomes this: str bonus/80 + (eff str lvl*str bonus)/640 So: 4/80 + (145*4)/640 = 0.95625 It turns out that you will never gain exactly +1 max hit from +4 str. I wonder where the myth comes from then?
It's written by Johnstone's niece who is apparently also continuing a book series that was left unfinished by Johnstone himself. According to her bio, the niece worked as an assistant to Johnstone while he was alive. So at least there is some credibility there. But I seriously doubt Johnstone had anything to do with this book, despite what the niece claims.
Just make it member's only? If somebody wants to boost it, it's gonna cost a ton in bonds. That would be good for Jagex and good for the players selling bonds. Win-win.
That won't be useful whatsoever. Making cash to use in the shops takes way too long to be a viable option. Making money on a standard account is much easier than on an ironman.
It's a joke about the "cover your info" meme that extend to run energy and other meaningless things that you can't doxx.
Imagine if that quest line was started now. It would be like the pride event x10.
He's saying that misinformed voters is an issue with allowing everybody to vote. I think you've written at least 5 complete false statements or inaccuracies. It's not about your shitty opinion, it's the data you use to form your shitty opinion, or maybe the data you misuse to validate your shitty opinion.
&gt; France is the king of welfare spending by using 32.1% of its GDP on welfare spending. And how much of it goes to immigrants? A laughably small percentage. You're using hyperbole with a terrible analogy that is not at all applicable to the situation that you're discussing.
That's a fallacy. RS3 can be failing as a whole while still having areas where it does better than OSRS. It just needs to have other areas where it fails more, which it does, like MTX. You were the one who started the "big dick contest" so I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
&gt; You wrote this response without deconstructing anything. Yeah, of course I did. Going through them all would take a long time and result in nothing at all because ShotgunPumper is more than likely too stubborn with his opinion to be open to change it. It would be a waste of time. But if you'd like me to go through them, I'd be open to doing that.
&gt; Almost as soon as these people are imported they are given citizenship, then on the books it shows that the welfare is given to "French Citizens" rather than migrants. That's false. Of course, there is data about migrants available. How else would governments decide what to do about them? You just refuse to look at the data because you fear that it might clash with your preconceived notion about immigrants stealing the money from proper citizens through welfare programs paid by taxes. &gt; brainwashed Ironic, coming from you. You're an American with no experience with Middle Eastern immigrants. There are no riots in France. Well, there are, but they're infrequent and everyday people are not part of them.
Do you want to make this a proper argument? If so, I could take the time to go through your bullshit. You have yet to use any statistics, so that part is false already. If I'm wrong, show me those statistics, please.
That, and the fact that you keep downvoting everybody who replies to you makes me certain that you wouldn't appreciate it. It's a waste of time. EDIT: What's worse, the way you label people who disagree with you as: &gt; ignorant and uninformed &gt; brainwashed leftists &gt; leftist knows-nothing piece of shit &gt; Absolutely brainwashed. Why would I bother? Your behaviour is way too toxic to make it remotely worthwhile.
5½ hours of sleep is not enough. Unless you're the 1/10k with a genetic mutation that somehow makes your sleep more efficient, you're chronically sleep deprived. You've just learnt how to cope with it. Sleep is more important than you think. Here's 2 hours with a sleep scientist on the Joe Rogan Experience: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwaWilO_Pig
We already have tons of cosmetics. Imo, the issue with cosmetics is that it makes it more difficult to see what people are wearing. Colours are part of the aesthetics of a piece of armour.
That's the only way I would ever vote yes to this. And even then, I would probably still vote no. I don't like recolourscape.
&gt; yeah and I agree with you and the excessive cosmetics and overrides are one of the reasons I quit RS3 but I don't think this causes the same issue. How is it not the same issue? It's exactly the same thing. The only difference is the scale in that there are much fewer recolours in OSRS than in RS3. But the problem with recolours obviously remains the same for both games. Yes, recolours can be nice. Things like gilded armour and ornament kits can be cool, but I don't really like how the graceful set has 8 different colour schemes. It's too much. That's also why I'm not a fan of the suggestions about a black and red recolour of the set. The problem with a nessy helm has two other facets other than the standard issue of recolours. One is how iconic the helm is. Recolouring it would make it less iconic which I don't think is a good idea in general and especially not with the large influx of returning players with mobile. Nessy is one of the very few BiS items from the original OSRS launch that remains unchanged. Sure, there is the serpentine helm which is technically better, but the added cost of using it makes it less useful in every scenario that isn't bossing considering their equivalent +3 str bonus. The second issue imo is lore. It's an old viking/Asterix themed helm. It's a gift from the king of Neitiznot. It's a bit rude to just paint it over. I think a new quest helm, maybe with something added to it in a more lore-friendly way would be the way to go if you really wanted to change it. But a standard recolour would be to disregard the lore with very little reasoning behind it. There are many good reasons to disregard lore, the chief among them being game mechanics. But imo, recolours do not qualify as a good enough reason.
&gt; re-colours and the cosmetics in RS3 are worlds apart. cosmetics in RS3 have devalued all aesthetics of all armours because of overrides, they also don't signify and achievement or reward from playing the game only simply that you had enough real-world money to buy them. My point is that it's the exact same concept making it the same issue. Both are cosmetic overrides that change the appearance of the armour/clothes. I agree that there is a difference between buying them for real money or completing an achievement to get it. But I don't think that changes much. &gt; what's wrong with adding slight variety into the game, especially if it shows you done something to get it? There's nothing wrong with variety per se. Just make something original that also has a point to it. There is no point with graceful recolours other than fashionscape and showing that you've spent a few marks and completed a miniscule achievement with the favour. &gt; with graceful being the popular clothing it is, how would different colours be worse than everyone running around looking the same? What about giving people incentives to run around in other outfits? Like farmer set for farming. &gt; new items can be iconic too Obviously, but a recolour will never become iconic. It makes something less iconic. Very few pieces of armour are as iconic as the nessy helm. Skillcapes is probably the only thing I could say is certainly more iconic. Do you think we should get recolours for skillcapes, too? It's not great when all the people with rc cape train rc with the same boring cape. Why not add some variety and introduce recolours for it? Obviously, this is an extreme example, but it's the same problem imo. &gt; well, yeah. exactly. the post wasn't "let us just paint over our neiz helms" it was just about new variations existing. No, the post literally says "Helm of Neitiznot Recolour". No mention of varieties with other stats and no mention of how you should obtain it. Just "Recolour". That's "painting it over with another colour".
That's what he had to say. You asked, I answered.
&gt; nope, still worlds apart, sorry. I see what you mean, but I disagree. I find it very similar and annoying for the exact same reason. &gt; again, the suggestion in the post is just the ability to recolour the item Exactly. The suggestion is to simply offer recolours. I think that's a fundamentally flawed way to add content. &gt; "fashionscape" has been a thing since before '07 Obviously, but nobody is suggesting that berets, cavaliers, party hats, or halloween masks should be BiS. There is a very clear distinction between what is a cosmetic item and what is armour. &gt; how is a recolour of graceful through marks any different than a skill of achievement through a minuscule achievement like cooking, fishing or any of the easy skills? Maybe the &gt; 1 magnitude of effort more it requires? Maybe because skillcapes are for actual skills and not some shitty favour minigame that gives you 6 different recolours in itself? &gt; i don't think the two are mutually exclusive It's not, but there is a point to one and none to the other. Why not focus on that which has a point instead of flooding the game with that which doesn't? &gt; does the dragon scim (g) make the dragon scim less iconic? It's part of a larger set of trimmed armour that started in 2004 with clue scrolls. The point it serves is a clue scroll reward and as part of completing that set of trimmed armour. That said, I don't particularly like dragon (g) and I do think it kind of cheapens it by making the dragon armour look tacky instead of the cool, red, almost mythical armour that dragon once was. &gt; does the black h'ween mask make the red h'ween mask less iconic? There are already other colours of halloween masks, so no, obviously not. &gt; do the slayer helm recolours make the slayer helm less iconic? Kind of, yeah. But they make more sense. It's a slayer helm that can be recoloured through rare drops from iconic monsters, most of them from slayer. As I said, I wouldn't mind a red nessy helm if it made sense rather than just being a simple recolour. I probably wouldn't like it and I would think it took something away from how iconic it is, but I wouldn't mind it. &gt; does gilded armour make rune less iconic? No, because it's a different armour set. White armour doesn't make black armour less iconic either. It was also introduced in 2004 and is itself iconic. &gt; if a recolour were introduced and you didn't like it then just... don't recolour it yourself? "If you don't like the RS3 cosmetics, just don't use it yourself?" &gt; the colours of skillcape mean a totally different thing than he colour of the neiz helm. not a fair comparison to make because they're entirely different items showcasing different achievements. I would argue that the skill icon on the back is what defines the skillcape. Alternative colour schemes could be added. Sure, it would be worse than for the nessy helm because it would get more chaotic, but it would be the same principle. The reason why you wouldn't like recolours for skillcapes is the same reason I wouldn't want recolours for nessy, or other items to be honest. &gt; yeah, no. the suggestion is that there should be colour options introduced into the game. the suggestion was not literally "let us get a neiz helm and paint over it with a colour we want". ​I never said you got to choose between every single RGB colour. I said you got to paint it over. As in, with any of the 3 colours that are literally suggested in the post. Are you being silly or are you that dense?
&gt; the post is to offer a way to recolour the item. the way in which this would/could be done was not part of the suggestion. That's exactly what I'm saying is the problem. It's the wrong way around. You shouldn't make content for the basis of it looking cool. It should be created from the basis that it accomplishes a niche in the game or introduces a new game mechanic. Retroactively trying to fit it in after you've already made the item is doing it in the opposite way. That's why I call it flawed. &gt; the stats of the items don't matter because no one here is suggesting that recoloured items should require different requirements than the original neiz helm. The stats absolutely matter. Changing how the T bow looks is a more important change than changing how the Seercull looks because it's a lot more useful. Changing how the nessy looks would make it less iconic, even if not all players would opt to use the recolour. It's not a single player game, but an MMO. How the other characters look impacts your experience of the game. If it didn't, it would mean that the visuals don't matter. If that was the case, we'd all play games without detailed textures. &gt; yes and the level of reward is different too. skillcape &gt; recoloured graceful. different level of achievements can get different rewards, too. My point is that the requirement to recolour graceful is a ridiculously low bar to set. The requirement was already quite low when Zeah was released, but the doubled favour gain, house quests, and lower cost to make fertilisers just makes it much easier. Seems to me the hardest part is almost to gain the 90 marks required to recolour it. &gt; neiz helm recolours could be clue scroll rewards too. could even be untradable clue scroll rewards. Sure, but it would seem rather odd. A very specific quest reward gets a recolour through clues? What? I'd rather have a completely different helm with different stats that surpasses nessy and is the colour that you want for the recolour. &gt; slayer helms aren't less "iconic" because there's still a "default" slayerhelm which is far more common than any recolours. We simply disagree about the value of people using iconic items. The nessy helm is also quite a bit more iconic than the slayer helm imo, so it's even worse there. &gt; point proven then, i guess? exactly, new items and variations don't make the default less "iconic" by proxy. ? Black and white are different armours for the same tier. Same with rune and gilded. I don't see what exactly you've proven, so do enlighten me. &gt; again, RS3 cosmetics and "cosmetics" in OSRS are completely different. a recoloured neiz helm would still be a neiz helm which could show some sort of extra achievement to alter it, whereas RS3 completely reskins characters regardless of what they are equipping. Again, I think this is completely irrelevant. My point was simply that your argument about "if you don't like it, don't wear" fails when it's not a single-player game. Do I really have to spell everything out for you? &gt; not really though. the black and red scheme is clearly iconic even without the slayer icon on it. if we're talking altering the skillcapes through achievements which keep inline with what the skillcape is, then yes i'd be open to such a thing as long as it was done right, nothing i've ever really considered though. It wouldn't be a skillcape if not for the skill icon. That was my point. But yes, obviously, it's iconic. That's the fucking point. The nessy helm is also iconic and the colour is part of that, just like the colour of skillcapes are part of what makes them iconic. &gt; chaotic how? You literally just said it earlier. Part of the skillcape is the colour scheme and it would be chaotic and messy if you couldn't recognise a skillcape by its colours anymore. Hence "more chaotic" &gt; you're still assuming the suggestion is to just add a "recolour" option to the neiz helm. Option? I never mentioned any option. I'm simply saying that the suggestion is a recolour for the nessy helm because that's what it literally says in the fucking title. &gt; i never said this either. what i did say was paraphrasing you with "let us get a neiz helm and paint over it with a colour we want". which did not imply a RGB colour options, did it? a selection of 3 colours is still "picking the colour you want" I misunderstood you then. But then I don't see what you were trying to say since a recolour would literally mean that the helm is painted over with a different colour. That's how you recolour stuff. Have you never painted? Again, are you being silly or are you that dense?
I just told you that I misunderstood your comment because I couldn't see how else it would make sense. When you say "paint over it with a colour we want", I understood that to mean literally any colour you want instead of what you meant: any colour you want out of the 3 in the picture. I misunderstood it because I don't see the point to the comment if that wasn't what you meant. You're denying that a recolour is painting it over when that's the literal definition of the word. So what do you mean? Fair enough if you want to drop it. I think I've made my opinion known and clarified my reasoning behind it. You don't seem to get it, but you haven't asked for clarifications either so... I do apologise for coming across as hostile. That was never my intention.
&gt; the "socialist" policies enacted in Scandinavian countries are cool but only work because there aren't that many brown people Schrödinger's Sweden. A white homogenous paradise and an Islamic hellhole overrun by rapefugees.
Obviously, somebody who is fat and 50kg overweight will have a larger proportion of fat and a lower proportion of water. Similarly, if she's a bodybuilder, she will have a higher proportion of water since muscles are mostly water.
How is it narcissistic to want equal rights?
&gt; I don’t see how creating a special right for men is making it any more equal. See, I don't think it's a special right. Women have the right to choose whether or not they want to have a baby by having the option of abortion (within reasonable time-frame or if there are medical reasons), but the man does not have the same option. In your opinion, he should not have any right to choose whether or not he wants a baby. I don't think that's fair or acceptable.
It doesn't matter that women have to pay when they get to choose whether or not they want an abortion. They're also not forced to carry it if they get an abortion. I'm pro-choice, but I think the choice should be extended to both parents.
TIL it's narcissistic to not want to be a father with every single woman on the face of the planet. Thanks for clearing that up! I guess that makes every single man narcissistic then.
You're right. I don't think women should be allowed to force men to become fathers and to force them to pay a monthly fee for 18 years even if they don't want to be a father. I absolutely don't think that's reasonable, and I don't understand how you think it is.
If the father never agreed to have a baby, yes, I do. Or at the very least he should not be forced to pay if he never signed up for having a baby.
An "honest discussion" as in, "this is my opinion and here's why I hold this opinion. What's your opinion and why do you disagree with mine?" It's a waste of time when you don't want such a discussion, but instead resort to simple name-calling.
Or get fire cape.
Now it's been half a day. Hmm... It's all right if you don't wish to discuss it further. It's totally understandable. Not a lot of people are actually open to honest discussions. But at least be honest about it.
You're still not going to respond? Just admit it instead of ignoring it.
Honestly, she could've just said "British Isles" and "Mainland Europe" and it would've been fine. That is, if she hadn't specified with the "sorry if I left your country out"
Others have pointed out most of your points. Here's my response to one of the ones I didn't see anybody point out. &gt; How many countries have fascist parties that may even outflank Trump on the right? Possibly a majority. How many of them have heads of state from said fascist parties? 0. How many have parties that are more fascist than the KKK? 0. In both regards, the US is more "fascist" by your own metric than Europe.
Will you respond to my pm? It's been more than 30 hours. I'm just wondering if we're going to continue this discussion or if it ends here. Just let me know :)
What do you mean? That children can't consent to sex? What does that have to do with this?
Why is it that you constantly go to these disingenious extremes about using force against people? Ffs, abortion is literally just about swallowing a pill and it happens automatically. How the fuck can you even begin to compare that to rape?
&gt; did you not know that for most abortions they literally have to take a vacuum into your vagina to get the fetus out? No, I did not. Why? &gt; ? Pill abortions are only for the first few weeks. Because Wikipedia disagrees with you: &gt; When allowed by law, abortion in the developed world is one of the safest procedures in medicine.[3][4] Modern methods use medication or surgery for abortions.[5] The drug mifepristone in combination with prostaglandin appears to be as safe and effective as surgery during the first and second trimester of pregnancy.[5][6] According to Wikipedia, you can abort using a drug up to and including the 2nd trimester. In any case, that's more than 3 months, a lot more than "the first few weeks". No, Wikipedia is not always a great source. In case you still disagree, I'm be delighted to read your source for why you cannot abort by drugs outside of "the first few weeks."
&gt; Lmao Google when you can use the abortion pill. No source will tell you you can use it after the 10 week mark. All right then. Here's the World Health Organization: &gt; For pregnancies beyond 24 weeks, the dose of misoprostol should be reduced, due to the greater sensitivity of the uterus to prostaglandins, but the lack of clinical studies precludes specific dosing recommendations Source: Page 3 of [this document](http://apps.who.int/iris/bitstream/handle/10665/70914/9789241548434_eng.pdf;jsessionid=7B35CA9BCEFBB9B06FF0791A71BDB950?sequence=1) I'll be interested to see if you're open to acknowledging that you're wrong. &gt; And no, a father is never "forced" into becoming a father. He made the choice to have sex We've been through this. Didn't you pay attention? Do I really need to repeat myself? Men can get raped. In the case where a man is raped and the rapist becomes pregnant, the man has been forced to become a father. How do you not get this? Also, I would be careful with that argument since it's from the pro-life camp. &gt; And what the fuck are you talking about lol, anti vaxxers threaten the health of others They absolutely do. But mandatory vaccinations would still be forced medication. You should be against according to the arguments you've used so far. &gt; You're threatening the health of others by forcing medical procedures on them. Again, do I need to repeat myself? I literally just gave you a source that specifically stated that abortions are less risky than childbirth.
First time I've seen the one with Colonel O'Niall. Nice find, that's one of the more obscure ones. Here's a list I made from [last time this was brought up](https://www.reddit.com/r/2007scape/comments/95kw8x/weve_all_been_calling_it_by_the_wrong_name/e3u8uxy/) without repeating those you already mentioned: &gt; Sir Tiffy Cashien - certification - certify if only the first name is said &gt; Sir Tinley - certainly &gt; Sir Spishyus - suspicious &gt; Sir Kuam Ferentse - circumference &gt; Sir Leye - surly &gt; Sir Ren Itchood - serenitude &gt; Sir Gerry - surgery &gt; Sir Vey Lance - surveillance - survey if only the first name is said &gt; Sir Rebral - cerebral &gt; Sir Prysin (full name Ethntor Prysin) - surprising / enterprising &gt; Miss Cheevers - mischievous &gt; Miss Hynn Terprett - misinterpret &gt; Lady Table - Lay the table (worst one imo)
I don't think that's the case. There are regional pricings, so it's not just straight up calculated to hit the same value.
&gt; So, yes, everyone technically uses dollars. Technically, that's the wrong use of the word "technically"
What the fuck are you talking about? You *specifically* want freezing temperatures when you ski because it makes the snow is much lighter and more powdery which is better for skiing. If you bring proper winter clothes, you won't freeze unless it's below -10C and very windy. Also, I have a hard time believing that there are people who'd rather visit Disneyland every day for the rest of their lives instead of going skiing every day. You won't grow bored of skiing like you would of an amusement park.
[Noisestorm - Crab Rave](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDU_Txk06tM) The song is a reference to [this earlier post](https://www.reddit.com/r/2007scape/comments/a56l9h/had_a_go_at_animating_one_of_zuhaars_more_sfw/) which itself uses that song because some even earlier posts with the same Jagex pls message included it.
99 for your world, 200m and maxed on all worlds.
Tbf, Lynx Titan is not a NEET. He has autism and he's taking an education. No, it's not full-time (obviously), but from what I'm gathering, lately, he has been spending more time IRL, which I would assume would include his education.
If they actually cared, they'd know that he has severe autism and that he is taking an education. He obviously knows that he has a problem. Otherwise, he wouldn't be in the position where he gets government support for his disability. People don't want to help when they say he has a problem. That's way too naive.
&gt; Aspergers has nothing to do with physical well being Correct. &gt; Just because you have aspergers doesn't mean you're immune to the adverse effects of such a sedentary lifestyle. Correct. &gt; Sitting for prolonged periods for years on end has many proven health risks, like stroke and heart attack. That strongly depends on what you're doing in-between those "prolonged periods". For all you know, he could be playing RS for 10 hours, work out for 4 hours, sleep for 8 hours, and do whatever for 2 hours a day. Are you saying that working out for 4 hours every day is too little? Obviously not. You have no idea how his life is other than the stated 10 hours of RS a day so why are you drawing conclusions that his lifestyle is unhealthy because he is too sedentary?
You're right, but I doubt it would be over 25k EHP. Most of the methods were out by the time he did most of it. The big one where that isn't true would be RC, but that alone was about 2800 EHP when he did it. If you count RC as being 0 time now and every other skill being equal, he'd still sit at "only" 20k EHP. I highly doubt the rest of the skills got more than 5k hours faster since he did them.
Your data is severely outdated. This was the case when he did his AMA 3 years ago. A lot has changed since then. Most importantly, his EHP on OSRS is just about half what it used to be. &gt; He also said he only eats bread and lasagna 3 times a day which is horrendous for your health. That depends on the type of bread and lasagna. Maybe it's dark Scandinavian rye bread since he's Swedish? Maybe it's spinach lasagna which is absolutely delicious and healthy? My point is that you're drawing conclusions based on very weak evidence.
Oh yeah, I absolutely agree. Imo, it kind of busted that image of the nerdy video gamer who can't do anything else. It was great to see that he grew happier as well, and it was great to see him returning to RS for a few streams over Christmas as well.
At that point, I'd just got with 17catlaugh indefinitely. You have a funny story behind the name and that's the best you can get from an online nickname imo.
Remove the "a" and you're mostly right. It's just pronounced exactly like it's spelled. [The first pronounciation heard here is correct.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ReY_zjgUoa0) The second is the Canute variant, which is exactly like you're saying.
EHP is ZMI with runners now and it was moved from 75k to 145k xp/hr and assumes 2 paid runners and 2 alt runners. Hey Jase seems to be getting around 170k xp/hr with a single alt. I don't know how many runners he employs though. I'd assume 3. The 0 time argument was just a hypothetical example of how much EHP Lynx Titan would "lose" if it did become 0 time.
You're right. The most important aspect is whether or not it's a private script.
&gt; but strictly in terms of weight gain and loss, 100 kcal of Coke is the same as 100 kcal of apple. That's actually not strictly true. The coke will be worse because it will result in a higher insulin response. Higher levels of insulin promotes fat growth and inhibits fat burning. EDIT: I don't mind the downvotes, but I would appreciate an explanation. Why am I wrong?
Alternativet har altid været de grønneste, men både EL, SF, og Radikale er ret godt med, mens jeg nok vil mene, at Socialdemokraterne sakker lidt efter. I blå blok er det nok Riskær med Venstre som 2'er.
Interessant værktøj. Den vil jeg kikke på i morgen. Jeg kan allerede se nu, at jeg tog fejl. Der er ikke så stor forskel på de forskellige partier, som jeg havde troet, RV ligger længere bagud end jeg troede.
Uanset hvad betyder det da enormt meget? Men ja, jeg går personligt meget ind for at sætte en afgift på kød, så det afspejler det, det koster klimaet, ligesom vi gør med f.eks. benzin og diesel til vores biler.
So what? Decreased fat burning results in lowered metabolism which in turn results in lowered weight loss. It's related. In any case, when people want to lose weight it means they want to lose fat, unless it's because of a weight limit for a sporting competition.
That's much better than giving money since it cannot ruin their early game experience. It's a positive no matter how you look at it. Thank you for being the real wholesome in the thread.
I'm not sure, but I think it's a 1-10 scale based on the figure in the bottom left ranging from 1-10.
Fair enough, I don't know why I didn't notice that. My bad.
If 0% of bots get banned after 48 hours just make 100 bots instead of 10 and increase your profits by an order of magnitude! No matter what, it will significantly cut into the profits of the bot farm.
The problem with that is that you can never know the extent of your ignorance so that wouldn't work in practice. But yes, it's a good tip to make a bit more of an effort to make sure next time.
Vi bor tættere end f.eks. i midterstaterne i USA, men vi bor jo ikke tættere end i amerikanske eller europæiske storbyer, og størrelsen på disse er også langt større. Jo tættere man bor, des mindre udledes pr. inbygger. Her har f.eks. New England en kæmpe fordel over Danmark, men af kulturelle og politiske årsager griber de den ikke.
Jeg er lodret uenig. Klimakrisen koster flere penge i det lange løb jo mindre vi gør nu. Derfor er det økonomisk mest meningsfyldte at slå til nu meget hårdt og virkelig investere i den grønne omstilling, også hvis det kommer til at koste kernevelfærden i det korte løb.
&gt; men enten for vi fikset jorden eller ikke. Det var da en underlig måde at stille det op på. Vi snakker jo ikke om to mulige udfald som konsekvenser. Det er et uendeligt granuleret spektrum af udfald, og jo mere vi selv gør, des bedre bliver udfaldet, også på globalt plan. Nej, forskellen bliver måske ikke så voldsomt stor, men hvert ton CO2 er af betydning.
&gt; så accepterer man også at den grønne omstilling vil koste os velstand. Det har der i den grad manglet i den offentlige debat. Alternativet har været inde på det, men de har slet ikke formået at skære igennem. Ja, det vil koste os velstand på den korte bane. Sådan er det bare. Og hvorfor skulle det være så skidt, hvis vi begrænser os i de næste 10 år til velstanden vi havde for 10 år siden? Jeg ved ikke med jer, men jeg havde det fint for 10 år siden. &gt; alligevel ikke løser noget globalt problem. Udfaldet er ikke binært. Ved at løse vores del af problemet vil det samlede problem blive mindre.
Tak fordi du spørger! Højere afgifter på de "sorte" valg, både i privaten og industrien. F.eks. varieret moms på madvarer efter CO2-udledning. Det skal gøres således, at prisen lander på forbrugerne og ikke på eksporten. Vi skal som danskere vælge grønnere i hverdagen, ikke sørge for at udlandet fravælger dansk. Dette gør varieret moms. Det rammer også importerede varer. Især oksekød skal rammes her. Som bonus vil det også mindske forskellen i pris mellem discount og Dyrenes Beskyttelse kød. Samtidig skal momsen ned på klimavenlige madvarer. I industrien vil det også betyde, at virksomhederne har et incitament til aktivt at reducere deres udledning, f.eks. ved at indsamle metan-udledning og brænde det i stedet. Sæt afgift på flyrejser, så det svarer til udledningen ligesom ved benzin/diesel. EU er ved at lave en aftale, men måske den skulle øges endnu mere for Danmark. Giv større incitament til solceller igen. Udvid muligheden for at lagre elektricitet. Om det skal gøres ved at sende til Norge for at pumpe vand op, eller om det kan løses med batterier og svinghjul herhjemme ved jeg ikke. Men øget kapacitet vil gøre det muligt at bygge endnu flere vindmøller og samtidig gøre elektriciteten endnu billigere. Indfør varieret afgift på el ift. hvor den stammer fra. Dvs. det bliver super billigt at lade elbilen op om natten, da strømmen her kommer primært fra vedvarende kilder. Det er lige, hvad jeg på stående fod kan komme i tanker om. Jeg tror, modsat f.eks. Enhedslisten, at det er vigtigt ikke at lade uligheden komme i vejen for disse løsninger. Ja, det bliver dyrt at flyve på ferie, så fattige familier ikke for råd til charterrejser. Men helt ærligt, hvorfor fanden skulle de have det alligevel? Første gang jeg var på charterrejse var som teenager, og det var sgu da sjovere at campere end at ligge ved den dødsyge pool. Mine bedste ferier har været på kanotur på Skjern Å, på vandrertur i Sverige og ved Vesterhavet, og med hyggelige ferier i sommerhus eller campingplads. Det er undervurderet!
De 19 ton er det rigtige tal. De 5.9 tons er kun fra fossile brændstoffer og cementproduktion.
&gt; Selvfølgelig er det vigtigt at dk går foran. Det mener jeg bestemt også at vi skal. Hvorfor er det så, at vi næsten tager bagtroppen pt?
&gt; lige meget, hvor meget vi investerer i det, er det ikke op til os. Vi skal lige have resten af verdenen med også. Det er **også** op til os. Men ja, det siger da sig selv, at vi skal have resten af verden med. Og det gøres bedst ved at vise os som pragteksemplar overfor EU fremfor den svinende hykler, som ikke selv vil tage læsset. &gt; Støtter det helhjertet. Nu må du da lige bestemme dig. Du kan ikke støtte den grønne omstilling helhjertet og argumentere for at være gratist. Det hænger sgu ikke sammen. &gt; Jeg er bare bange for, at vi starter alt muligt op, som koster kassen, og som i sidste ende ikke ændre på noget overhovedet Så er det jo godt, at vores nuværende løsningsforslag er dokumenteret til at virke, og endda i stor stil, og meget af det koster ikke engang noget. &gt; alt imens flere af vores svageste borgere bliver overladt til sig selv, fordi vi ikke har råd til at tage os af dem. Igen, det kommer til at koste en smule nu eller meget senere. Hvad vælger du? Lidt ligesom valget mellem at betale kontant eller over afbetaling med høj rente.
&gt; Jeg har aldrig forstået den mentalitet, at man vælger kemoterapi fremfor at leve det bedste liv man kan, i den resterende tid man har tilbage. Jeg har heller aldrig forstået den mentalitet ved at gå til tandlægen. Hvorfor ubelejlige sig ved at passe på sine tænder, når man i stedet kan leve livet i overhælingsbanen indtil de falder ud? Folk får kemo og strålebehandling for at blive helbredt, og i de fleste tilfælde bliver de det også. Ja, hos nogle bliver det desværre bare en forlængelse af turen på vej i døden, men vi taler et fåtal, og du kan aldrig vide, hvilken grupper du ender i. &gt; Hvorfor vælge et liv med kål, spinat og rabarber juice, og på den måde forlænge dit ligegyldige liv, som nu består af denne kost? Det var da en syg tankegang. Nej, du kan spise meget andet end \* insert boring vegan food here *. Vi snakker meget små ændringer med enormt stor virkning Og du er da velkommen til at spise store bøffer, ligesom du er velkommen til at køre i en stor benzinsluger af en bil. Du skal blot betale det din udledning koster på naturen og samfundet. Det er da den mest liberale tankegang overhovedet. Jeg passer mit, du passer dit. Hvis du vil svine din have til og det resulterer i spild, der ødelægger min have, ja, så må du betale for de skader, du forvolder. Hvorfor skulle det være anderledes for CO2 udledning? &gt; Alt i alt, så glæder jeg mig til at bo i USA... Og jeg håber inderligt, at EU følger mine anvisninger og så sætter afgifter fra import fra f.eks. USA som ikke har planer om at gøre noget for klimaet. Det er ikke fair, at verden som helhed skal betale for de store udledere som USA.
Vi ligger nr. 10 på listen over højest udledning på verdensplan pr. indbygger. Kun meget få lande, blandt andet USA, Australien, og Canada, ligger højere. Det er det, jeg mener med bagtroppen. Ja, vi har reduceret vores udledning markant, og her ligger vi godt med, men der er meget lang vej igen før vi ryger op blandt midten af feltet i forhold til udledning pr. indbygger.
That's because of binning. The high grade chips end up as Epyc.
&gt; Fat cats might be cute Small, normal weight cats are much cuter.
My mum has a half Maine Coon and he loves food way too much. If we let him, he'd eat the dogs' foods too in addition to his own food and whatever rodent he catches every now and then. He's overweight. I've been quite hard on my mum to get him to lose weight and is has helped a lot, but there is some way left still.
My mum has a half Maine Coon too. He's so adorable, and very small for the breed, although still larger than the average cat. He is overweight because he's obsessed with food. Aside from his own, reduced meals to get him to lose weight, he will eat the two dogs' foods if we don't watch him. It doesn't help that both the dogs are on the slim side which means they'll often just leave their food and let the cat eat it if we don't remove it. He has lost weight over the past few years since we learned the reason for his overweight and started cutting down on his portion size. But there is some distance left, and sometimes he'll bounce back from the rodents he catches and eats.
My comment was not about the wow-factor, but about the "it's not great" part. It is great, and it means AMD will rake in the cash now which could end up being fantastic for future R&amp;D. It also means that there is always the option for AMD to release a faster version. That's because of the lack of competition from Intel atm, which is also why the 16 core is not announced yet. If Intel gets their act together, I'd bet you we'd see faster chips.
&gt; har lavet en alt for lang kommentar Det skal du ikke tænke på. Min er blevet meget længere :O &gt; Her er to eksempler fra en hurtig googleing" Første link har ingen konkrete eksempler, men påpeger blot, at almindelige besparelser ikke er nok. Der skal politisk handling til, og det er da netop også derfor, at jeg efterspørger og foreslår politisk handling som f.eks. afgifter og varieret moms. Er det et forkert link, du gav? Andet link kommer med et eksempel på biodiesel lavet af sojabønner. Jeg har aldrig hørt om konceptet, hvilket nok skyldes, at det er en dårlig idé, som de beskriver det i artiklen. Ja, det er et eksempel på symbolpolitik, og en fin en af slagsen. Men det er et yderst småt område, som ikke giver det store udsving i nogen retning uanset hvad. Jeg vil heller ikke kalde det en vandmelon, da det ikke ligefrem kan kaldes rød politik. Desuden omhandler det et udspil fra den nu afgående blå regering. &gt; Igen EU er ikke hele verdenen, og det er ikke her, at forureningen har været værst længe. Men Danmark burde selvfølgelig ikke halte bagud, det er helt sikkert for dårligt. Vi kan gøre bedre. Både ja og nej. Vi er en del af EU og skal derfor sammenligne os med resten af EU. Her skal vi ligge blandt toppen. EU er historisk blandt de langt største svinere, kun overgået af USA og oliestaterne, sidstnævnte primært grundet deres høje olieproduktion, samt en lille gruppe andre lande. Sammenligner vi os med u-lande er vores udledning astronomisk høj grundet vores langt højere levestandarder. Og mens u-landene bliver rigere stiger deres udledning også. Derfor skal vi være hurtigere med vores egen grønne omstilling, så vi kan vise u-landene, hvordan de skal agere fremadrettet. Samtidig giver vi dem selvfølgelig økonomisk støtte til grøn omstilling, hvilket vi iøvrigt allerede gør. Så nej, EU er et af de steder, hvor udledning af drivhusgasser har været og er højest. &gt; Konsekvenserne af afgifter og højere moms er bare desværre, at det kan blive svære for fattige familier at få økonomien til at løbe rundt. Det betyder, at fattige familier vil begynde at prioritere anderledes og måske ikke altid på en måde der er til fordel for nogen. Den køber jeg ikke. Varieret moms vil jo netop gøre det grønne alternativ billigere, hvorfor fattige familier i højere grad vil vælge grønt for at spare penge. Eller rettere, alle prisbevidste borgere vil i højere grad vælge grønt for at spare penge, jeg selv inkluderet. Afgifterne kan øge uligheden, hvorfor disse ikke skal stå alene. Derfor kunne nogle af afgifter bruges på øget bundfradrag eller andre løsninger. &gt; Derudover kan afgifter betyde store økonomiske tab for statskassen, hvilket betyder færre penge kan bruges til grøn omstilling. Den må du lige forklare. Ja, det vil koste Danmark penge i form af tabt vækst at drive den grønne omstilling, men samtidig kan det også give bedre muligheder for eksport af grønne løsninger som vil være blandt resultaterne af grøn omstilling. F.eks. har vi et spild på 2% når vi pumper grundvand op. Her er vi blandt verdens bedste, hvorfor vores løsning kan eksporteres til f.eks. Indien hvor de har et spild på ca. 50%. &gt; Okay ham her sendte mig ned ad en lang vej i dag, og jeg må indrømme, at jeg kom til at bruge alt for meget tid på det, men interessant var det. Ha ha, fantastisk! Hadfield er en af mine absolut favoritter på YouTube. Hele spillelisten på nu 49 videoer er fremragende. [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL82yk73N8eoX-Xobr_TfHsWPfAIyI7VAP) &gt; Jeg bryder mig egentlig ikke rigtig om videoer, der er så fokuseret på politik, når den i virkeligheden omhandler et emne, der burde kunne eksistere uden for den politiske sfære. Det er kun 2 af hans 49 videoer om klimaforandringerne, der handler så meget om politik. Årsagen er, som han selv forklarer det, at den amerikanske højrefløj er skeptiske overfor klimaforandringerne pga. økonomien og ikke videnskaben. Derfor er der ikke samme skeptis overfor kvantemekanik til trods for at sidstnævnte er langt sværere at forstå. Emnet kan da netop ikke eksistere uden for den politik, da der kræves politisk handling på området. &gt; Klimaforandring påvirker alle ligegyldig om de er på venstrefløjen eller højrefløjen. Naturligivs. Derfor forsøger Hadfield at forklare mulige løsninger til den amerikanske højrefløj, da de netop ikke bryder sig om for store økonomiske tab på den korte bane. &gt; Hvis en grøn omstilling er en økonomisk gevinst, hvilket han fremstiller det som, hvorfor har det så været så svært at indføre? Du misforstår. Langt størstedelen af den grønne omstilling er meget dyr på den korte bane. Han viser blot nogle af løsningerne, som har stor effekt til trods for, at de ikke koster meget. Problemet er, at hvis man erkender problemerne ved at indføre de billige løsninger, så bliver det også sværere at modargumentere de dyrere løsninger gennem benægtelse af klimaforandringer. Samtidig sidder der en stor lobby fra olieindustrien, som ikke ønsker grøn omstilling, da det vil mindske deres omsætning. &gt; Ja okay det ser ud som om Kina faktisk rykker sig, men da det begyndte at gå ud over økonomien, begyndte Kina at stoppe op. Dit link handler ikke om udledning af drivhusgasser, men om luftforurening. Det er to helt forskellige problematikker med meget forskellige løsninger. I videoen beskriver de, at gasfyr er fantastiske, da det giver renere luft. Men gas er ikke meget bedre end kul, når det kommer til udledning af kuldioxid. &gt; Samtidigt sikrede Kina en økonomisk gevinst ved simpelthen at forflytte deres forurening til andre lande ved at sælge deres kul til lande, hvis industri er voksende. Ja, Kina løser deres problem med luftforurening ved at sælge deres kul i stedet for at brænde det af selv. Hvordan kan det på nogen måde være overraskende? F.eks. bør vi spise mindre kød ved mit forslag om varieret moms, som vil gøre kød og især oksekød meget dyrere. Men det betyder da ikke, at vi skal stoppe vores eksport af svinekød. Det eneste det ville skade er vores egen økonomi. Fint, hvis andre lande indfører samme løsning som os selv, men vi skal da ikke gå direkte efter at skade vores eksport. Det samme må nødvendigvis gælde for Kina og deres kulproduktion. &gt; Han forholder sig også gudskelov meget mere objektivt til emnet, hvilket gør det meget lettere at lytte til ham. Der er ikke den samme propagandafornemmelse over ham, som der var med Peter Hadfield. Propaganda fra Hadfield? I hvilken retning? Så vidt jeg har forstået, så er Hadfield selv rimelig højreorienteret og konservativ. [Som han selv har sagt:](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/blog/2010/mar/29/youtube-climate-change-scepticism) &gt; It means looking at the science – not scary and unrealistic images of submerged cities. It means accepting the fact that Al Gore is not always right, and he should not be defended when he’s wrong. It means acknowledging that while sceptics like Christopher Monckton and Martin Durkin fabricate a lot of their facts, many environmental activists tend to exaggerate theirs. Hadfield er geolog og gennemgår systematisk naturvidenskaben. Han laver ikke en eneste forudsigelse, som ikke kommer direkte fra en peer-reviewed videnskabelig artikel i et anerkendt tidsskrift. Jeg vil meget gerne høre, hvad du mener er propaganda ved ham. Ja, han er skarp i replikken, men jeg har endnu ikke set ham tale usandt, til trods for at jeg har fulgt hans videoer i årevis. &gt; Hele interviewet er interessant, men der hvor han reelt svare på mit spørgsmål er 55.50 ind i videoen. Jeg så interviewet fra 55:50 til 1:01:15 og jeg er fuldstændig enig. Det kommer til at koste penge og vækst på den korte bane, det er jeg slet ikke i tvivl om, medmindre der sker et mindre mirakel inden for det næste årti. Vi skal have en mere cirkulær økonomi og vil skal spare mere. Der er ingen vej udenom. Som Heinberg rigtigt nok pointerer så er dette politisk selvmord for de fleste politiske ledere, som f.eks. vores afgående statsminister, da han blev spurgt i Duellen på DR om han er villig til at gennemføre grøn omstilling, hvis det skaber negativ vækst, hvilket han blankt afviste. Han sagde noget i stil med, at økonomisk vækst skal finansiere den grønne omstilling. Det virker ikke ligefrem foreneligt med, hvad Heinberg her siger.
Sounds pretty fantastic for getting children to learn languages.
&gt; Selvom det er super fedt, at møde én, der gider de lidt lange debatter 😊 Jeg har det på præcis samme måde. Jeg er på vej i seng, så jeg svarer på de to kommentarer i morgen :)
I'm glad to hear that you've cut back to only a couple of times a month because you need that proper REM sleep that cannabis blocks. Alcohol does the same thing at large enough doses.
Jeg vil mene, at den morale grænse ligger ved hensigten.
Ambien does not make you sleep. It sedates you. I'd advise you to see a doctor about what you can do to sleep better. Things like sleep hygiene, light therapy in the morning, melatonin and herbal tea in the evening. Sleep is important.
&gt; Well this incident caused me to stop taking Ambien. Glad to hear it. Ambien is a sedative and does not induce natural sleep. You need natural sleep.
Deep sleep is the most important in terms of physical restoration of your body and for not feeling tired. But it is unclear if it is the most important stage of sleep overall (mortality). Some studies point to REM being more important. I can't find the study, but Matthew Walker mentioned a rat study when he was a guest on [The Peter Attia Drive Podcast.](https://peterattiamd.com/matthewwalker1/) He mentions the study at 1 hour 21 minutes into Part I. The study looked at how quickly the rats died from total deprivation of non-REM sleep (including deep sleep) or REM sleep impacted rats in comparison to total sleep deprivation. The researchers found that the rats die after around 9-10 days of total sleep deprivation. They died almost as quickly from deprivation of REM sleep. He notes that the combined sleep time was also reduced as a result of the removal of REM sleep, but not by much. Non-REM sleep deprivation (again, with slight reduction in total sleep time) took about 20 days to kill the rats. The conclusion? For rats at least, REM sleep seems to be more important than deep sleep. [I did find another study with rats.](https://watermark.silverchair.com/120110.pdf?token=AQECAHi208BE49Ooan9kkhW_Ercy7Dm3ZL_9Cf3qfKAc485ysgAAAj4wggI6BgkqhkiG9w0BBwagggIrMIICJwIBADCCAiAGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMcoqspCMYXYaDnxmeAgEQgIIB8Quk9YiuHiUrfe1e7PsFA6fv6ujN1ddp0d520cYt0rXI1vs6BNqhS52q8wma8BWZe_ffezTF3Q6AfhGBF5qRhtf2WkUA08-q_YKGCtAiScLoZWLh61O43B0m0Um7Q0w9Kx0etNCMfFKy5ocKs5NcVAlZwFKcZDul1Z3cmY4521SUy8IJ5JH_xV1zWakuYMJ20Fqx6KV8446j6ix-x7Re_WOZpcZeMO4QTeBKJeoC9Din-lHN-3bYNQr2-WfPrcVLRiZQ1wnF2ov0qW22UUJioR1PTqZiYdBh29f9P9d3nPt-XMihVwsk8e6h9M0ixugHIzJ4M22hWyprf6MatxNGM7z_ZkOj0iY3eAGkIpI-dnvaQDHO1KY5EpA5mJG0Ugs-gNhpDPGfny0SVL5aduEsz9vKubbMwK37NZEP8aI2joiJaHjTviDLGobzEeFEiFJuEbuq8uYQZQN1etPAG-M1Q9UrBkrV4W-TVv-7lCzTQ--yrNAbfx7J9RThFWm9n8K2Xks8lSCasrPZ_6Sxg_0RS8AJADFsvan61eWXdSPQGxQxG0XEfeup2AeyptJuYCttbZWHxhN9r12W-hGu29PUZ7KUoK88gMh-M60d7zRsGCVmloUbeVLFLNehoEdLNoZCVC_X0yXbt4uzjxf3okfBh6pE) Total sleep deprivation killed the rats in 11-32 days (sample size 9) while REM sleep depriation killed the rats in 16-54 days (sample size 12). It said nothing of non-REM sleep deprivation in regards to mortality. &gt; Everything else is pretty conflicted on REM, from rebalancing brain chemistry to "shrug" Matthew Walker suggests that the key function of REM sleep is mental health. He also says that you shouldn't mess with sleep. Get as natural sleep as possible and get 8+ hours a night. I would suggest listening to the entire 6 hours of the podcast if the subject interests you. It's the best podcast episode I've ever listened to with a close second being Dan Carlin's 24 hour WWI podcast split in 6 parts.
Yup, exactly. Fat has been demonised for far too long. &gt; A meta-analysis of prospective epidemiologic studies showed that there is no significant evidence for concluding that dietary saturated fat is associated with an increased risk of [coronary heart disease] or [cardiovascular disease].
&gt; Jeg vil lige slutte af med at sige, at du ikke absolut skal føle dig forpligtiget til at respondere. Jeg ved at det kan tage tid med så lange kommentarer, så jeg kan skam fuldt ud godt forstå, hvis du ikke lige har tiden til det og vil ikke føle mig dårligt behandlet af den grund. Selvom det er super fedt, at møde én, der gider de lidt lange debatter 😊 Det tog også lidt længere tid end regnet, hvorfor svaret først kommer nu her en dag senere. Men jeg synes det er super spændende og en god mental øvelse med den her type debatter, så jeg smutter ikke bare sådan lige. &gt; Jeg vil se om jeg kan gøre det kortere, hvilket jeg sikkert ikke kan. 😊 Jeg forsøgte at koge det lidt ned, men min stil med de mange direkte henvisninger til dine pointer gør det svært. Den røg sgu op over de 10k tegn alligevel :O Jeg har delt det op, så første kommentar omhandler klimadiskussionen og den næste omhandler Hadfield. &gt; Det handlede blot om, at der er utroligt mange politikere, som er glade for symbolpolitik. Dette gælder ikke kun inden for klimaområdet. Helt rigtigt. Min egen pet peeve er grænsekontrollen. Hvis man virkelig vil smugle, så kører man da bare over en af de grænseovergange, hvor der ikke er kontrol. Få kontrollen væk! &gt; Vil mene det er underordnet om vi har en rød eller blå regering, begge er gode til symbolpolitik. Korrekt. Min pointe var, at det ikke er en vandmelon, altså en rød politik gemt som en grøn politik, hvis det kommer fra en blå regering, da borgerlig politik som udgangspunkt er imod flere skatter og afgifter. &gt; Min sammenligning var med de andre industrialiserede lande i verdenen og der er EU langt fra de værste Korrekt. Både Australien, Canada, og USA er noget værre, men de er også stille og roligt på vej ned. Det går bare ikke hurtigt nok. Men vi ligger alligevel ikke specielt godt. Vi ligger faktisk over EU-niveau, med både Frankrig, Italien, Spanien, og Sverige på lavere niveau. Her kunne atomkraft muligvis hjælpe os, men det er svært at sige. https://www.dst.dk/da/Statistik/bagtal/2018/2018-12-06-fakta-om-danmarks-udledning-af-drivhusgasser-samt-energiforbrug &gt; hvis vi altså lige ser bort fra Tyskland vel at mærke. Hvorfor det? De udleder ikke ret meget mere end Danmark, og de er EU's største økonomi. Vi kan da ikke bare ekskludere Tyskland for at få EU til at se bedre ud. &gt; Der er mange her i Danmark, som er glade for deres kød, slik alkohol og cigaretter osv. Dette ses især blandt de dårligst stillet. Som socialrådgiver har jeg desværre set forældre skære ned på tøj til børnene for at have råd til alkoholen og cigaretterne. &gt; dette er et forslag, som ville ramme rigtig mange, som jeg ikke synes fortjener det. Der må være bedre måder at gøre det på. Det er netop, hvad Enhedslisten lægger vægt på. Jeg er uenig. Ja, fattige har generelt problemer med at styre deres økonomi og træffer dårlige valg. Det er jo netop derfor, at de havner i fattigdom. Et større rådighedsbeløb vil ikke hjælpe dem særlig meget, da de blot vil købe flere tåbelige ting. Man skal hjælp dem på anden vis. På samme måde som at hjemløse ikke hjælpes til at komme i bolig ved at øge deres sociale ydelser. De skal hjælpes på anden vis. Højere priser på kød vil få nogle til at spise mindre kød, andre vil ikke. Det er helt rigtigt, at det er uanset om de er rige eller fattige. Men det skal ikke så i vejen for en afgift eller højere moms på f.eks. oksekød ligesom det ikke skal stå i vejen for afgifter på cigaretter og alkohol. &gt; Som det er lige nu, er økonomien afhængig af de afgifter og dermed indtægter, som kommer ind på de energiformer, der forurener rigtig meget. Okay, så er jeg med. Men helt ærligt, vi kan da ikke sætte en stopper for den grønne omstilling fordi vi mister skatteindtægter fra forurenende energikilder. Desuden er der andre store gavn ved grøn omstilling. F.eks. renere luft i de større byer, hvilket betyder færre penge bruges i sundhedssektoren mod f.eks. kol og lungekræft. Jeg tror nu nok, at det skal kunne løbe rundt i sidste ende. &gt; Derudover er økonomien afhængig af, at der er en konstant stigende udvikling. &gt; Det han siger er, at den måde vi har skruet økonomien sammen på, er afhængig af, at den økonomiske udvikling hele tiden stiger. Ja, det er korrekt. Vi har en syg økonomi. Jeg er ikke økonom, så jeg ved ikke, hvad der specifikt må gøres her, men noget skal der ske. Det kræver en større økonomisk ændring på det helt store plan, så vi kan tillade at økonomien stopper op og måske får negativ vækst i en årrække indtil vi har løst klimaproblemet. &gt; dette gælder på verdensplan. Derfor vil en indføring af ny energi være utroligt svært og kunne resultere i et økonomisk kollaps. Og det er derfor, at det går så langsomt. Helt enig. Jeg ville ønske, at jeg selv vidste, hvad der skulle til for at ændre det. Jeg overvejede at stemme på Riskær, da det umiddelbart lød til, at han havde en løsning. Men da jeg gik det nærmere igennem virkede det fuldstændig naivt og slet ikke gennemregnet, så den røg jeg fra igen. Men noget skal der sgu ske. &gt; Ja regeringerne verdenen rundt skal selvfølgelig foretage omstillingen, men tror, at dette hverken vil gå hurtigere eller langsommere ligegyldig hvilke fløje vi har i regeringerne. Jeg tvivler. Nej, det har nok ikke den store effekt i lande som Danmark, hvor størstedelen af partierne er nogenlunde med ift. Parisaftalen. Men i andre lande står det meget anderledes til. USA er det primære eksempel som vi begge er enige om, men også i Australien, Canada, og i de fleste europæiske lande er der væsentlig forskel. I linket fra tidligere fremgår det, hvor store reduktioner af drivhusgasser der har været i en række udvalgte lande. Mens Danmark ikke ligger i top ift. lav udledning, så ligger vi skam med i toppen ift. reduktion. I 2000 havde vi højere udledning end Tyskland, mens det i dag er noget anderledes. Vores procentvise reduktion er langt større end de fleste andres landes, hvorfor det må siges, at vi skal have de andre lande med på reduktionsbølgen, som netop er hvad vores afgående statsminister har pointeret. &gt; Det er mere afhængigt af den økonomiske sammenhæng end af politik. Både og, for det hænger jo sammen. Igen kan jeg bruge statsministeren. Han siger meget om, at de røde er mere optaget af at bruge penge end at tjene penge. Som det ser ud kræver det negativ vækst at løse klimaproblemet, hvorfor den økonomiske recession som resultat af røde regeringer verden over måske nok kunne være en løsning i sig selv samtidig med den større investering i grøn omstilling, som de venstreorienterede partier har. Men her må jeg igen trække stikket, da jeg ikke er økonom og ikke aner, om det vil kunne lade sig gøre. Men jeg synes da selv, at det er en interessant tanke, og jeg tror heller ikke, at det blankt kan afvises. &gt; den almindelige klassiske opdeling af højre- og venstreorienteret politik Men samme opdeling holder jo netop ift. hvilke partier, der vil investere mest i grøn omstilling. &gt; Helt sikkert, men dette inkluderer samtlige landes regeringer. Hvad mener du? Ønsker samtlige landes regeringer ikke grøn omstilling? &gt; det var udelukkende ment som et eksempel på, at når kampen mod forurening ikke længere giver økonomiske fordele, stopper den hurtig op. Netop derfor skal vi fra politisk side sikre os, at grøn omstilling vil blive ved med at være økonomisk rentabelt ift. sanktioner mod import fra lande, som ikke ønsker at være med. Grøn omstilling er dyrt, så det kræver det. &gt; Måske, men så burde man ikke sælge sig selv, som de førende i verden inden for den grønne omstilling, som Kina er så glade for at gøre nu til dags. Efter min mening har eksport af kul og et image som førende i grøn omstilling intet med hinanden at gøre. Vi skal gå efter at få de andre lande til at holde op med at importere kullet, ligesom vi skal få folk til at stoppe med at spise vores svinekød i stedet for at stoppe salget af det til dem. Men vi kan lægge pres på Kina om, at deres produktion af kul skal være så ren og klimavenlig som mulig. Det lyder måske som en umulighed, men der er forskel. Som eksempel kan tages hvordan Equinor opsamler CO2 fra deres produktion af naturgas i stedet for blot at frigive det i atmosfæren. Deres Sleipner gasområde (eller hvad man nu skal kalde det) har opfanget og lagret over 20 millioner tons CO2 i stedet for at frigive det i atmosfæren, da der er afgifter på det. Noget tilsvarende kunne man sagtens kræve ift. import. Slut med første del. Husk del 2 om Hadfield :D
OSRS bonds count as MTX, which I would expect is not an insignificant part of the total MTX figure.
Hvorfor dog det?
\*cries in Hajime no Ippo*
Sleep until you wake up and go to sleep 12 hours later. Improve your sleep hygiene and it should be possible. First step is to set a go-to-bed alarm repeating at the same time every night.
Jeg har læst det meste af dine kommentarer og her af min respons. 1. Der er ~~ingen~~ *uhyre få*, der synes, at vi skal forbyde det. Derfor er ytringsfrihed irrelevant i denne sammenhæng. 2. Hvis du ikke mener, at "DU ER LÆKKER! JEG VILLE GERNE KNEPPE DIG!" kan sidestilles med et pift i denne diskussion, hvorfor så bruge ytringsfriheden som argument? I henhold til ytringsfriheden står de to udtryk jo netop fuldstændig lige. 3. Ja, der er nogle der kan lide det, so what? Så vidt jeg kan forstå er det langt et mindretal, hvorfor man som udgangspunkt ikke bør gøre det *af ren respekt til ens medborgere.*
No, it sounds like sleep deprivation. You should get at least 8 hours a day.
Så er det jo mest af alt et definitionsspørgsmål ift. hvad det betyder, at noget er okay. Jeg vil mene, at det har noget at gøre med, om det er socialt acceptabelt. Og det mener jeg ikke, at det er, da jeg mener, at det er mangel på respekt og almen dannelse, hvis man pifter efter kvinder på gaden (eller mænd for den sags skyld, men der er forskel af sociale og historiske grunde). Nej, det er ikke så slemt, som hvis man råber "DU ER LÆKKER! JEG VILLE GERNE KNEPPE DIG!" men det er af præcis samme princip. Jeg synes heller ikke, at det er okay at give fremmede fingeren fuldstændig uprovokeret, men det skal absolut heller ikke forbydes.
Det passer ret godt på kartoffelmos. Det skal forstås sådan her: ^stumme ^bogstaver TRYK PÅ *når der er fart på* (o) "slug tungen" ved o'et Resultatet? ^k ar*tOfooehll*^m (o)^s Så, art-O-føøl-o. Det kunne da godt lyde lidt hen mod noget jydsk. Jeg giver guiden 9/10
&gt; Er man derimod en minoritet, er det så åbenbart umuligt at være racistisk. Nej, det er ikke umuligt. Det har bare ikke rigtig nogen effekt, hvorfor det ikke er et udtrykt problem vi behøver bruge tid på.
Insuring the fire cape really doesn't matter anyway unless you have a special account so this seems like a great compromise.
That reminds me of that old story about the guy who played Oblivion while being blackout drunk not remembering what he did.
If I'm not mistaken, Deeyah Khan mentioned it [when she was on the Making Sense podcast.](https://samharris.org/podcasts/144-conquering-hate/) If it wasn't there I heard it then it was on [this other episode with a former white supremacist.](https://samharris.org/podcasts/121-white-power/) In essence, both groups work towards the same goals of destroying liberal values in the West. They may hate each other, but "the enemy of my enemy is my friend" so might as well work together.
Sure, why wouldn't that count? Deeyah Khan has made a documentary about radical Islamism and another about white nationalism where she lives with these people and talk to them about various things. If I'm not mistaken, that includes the cooperation with the other group. She talks about her experience in the podcast. If I am mistaken, then it was something Christian Picciolini, a former neo-Nazi skinhead, said in the other episode. He has turned his life around and works to help neo-Nazis and other white supremacists to get out of the hate groups. In the podcast, he talks about what it was like being a neo-Nazi and how they worked to achieve their goals, which would include cooperation with radical Islamic terrorist. I'm kind of blanking on the specifics, but I think it was something like funding, weapons, bombs etc. that they bought and sold between the groups. The Islamic terrorists from North Africa and the Middle East are happy to help because it furthers their own goals.
Why would he say East if he means almost directly South?
Yes, but I see that as being better than no feedback on the problems. It forces you to rethink your idea.
Yes, that's my source. I never claimed it was particularly strong evidence. I simply mentioned it because it was relevant to the discussion. Someone asked for a source and I provided the best one I knew of. You can probably find much better written sources online, but I haven't been able to find any. I've tried a few keywords, but it's difficult because you can refer to the groupings by so many different terms.
&gt; less inventory/damage management That was my only problem with that quest.
~~Fair enough. I should've clarified that.~~ No, I absolutely didn't mention it as a matter of fact. I simply stated: &gt; If I'm not mistaken, person A mentioned it here. If not person B mentioned it here. How can that ever be interpreted as a decleration of truth? I laid bare exactly who said it and simply passed it on with an option to go dig deeper to anyone with more interest on the topic. If anybody misunderstood that, it's on them because the wording is crystal clear. However, I'm 100% certain at least one of them mentioned it. I would find the relevant timestamp if not for the fact that I would have to re-listen to hours of a podcast I listened to just a few months ago. I don't care enough about it to spend that amount of effort.
The risk of those diseases are more than doubled. Other than that, your risk of cancer, cardiovascular diseases and dementia (like Alzheimer's) are also more than doubled. It's not just "not good". It's really, really bad.
&gt; A very small percentage of people actually need less sleep. Not percentage. IIRC it's about 1/10 000 who need less than 7 hours a night.
&gt; Some people might be able to function on 6 hours, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t doing long term damage in terms of longevity, disease resistance, and health in general. Case in point, both Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan bragged about how little they slept and they both developed Alzheimer's.
Jeg synes selv den var super nem. Bare tænk omvendt. Læs teksten igennem, overvej de store linjer i den religion den hører til, og se, hvor du kan finde de linjer i teksten. Bevares, jeg trak en tekst med Jesus, men fik da 12 med den fremgangsmåde.
Puha, det tog mig lang tid at få skrevet svaret, men bedre sent end aldrig ;) Desværre blev kommentaren ca. 10% for lang, så jeg deler den igen op i 2 med Hadfield i den sidste del. Jeg tror, vi er ved at være i mål :) &gt; Ej det var mere fordi jeg kunne se, at deres tal var betragtelig højere end alle andres, så EU kom bare til at se så meget bedre ud uden dem. Problemet her er, at der kan være faktorer for det. F.eks. en høj produktion og eksport giver en høj udledning. Det er samme årsag til at Kina har ca. samme udledning pr. indbygger som Danmark. Da Tysklands primære eksport går til resten af EU er det ikke særlig retvisende at eksludere dem, da resten af EU så at sige udleder en del gennem Tyskland. &gt; Dette er et gæt og jeg ved, at det er det samme, som jeg selv gør. Men vi kan ikke vide det, Jeg vil ikke beskrive det som et gæt. Det følger som en logist konsekvens af vores diskussion. Jeg postulerer, at alle, inklusiv fattige, vil købe mindre oksekød som resultat af en afgift på udledning af drivhusgasser som rammer alle varer, da oksekød udleder mest af alle vores fødevarer. Du skriver, at mange fattige vælger forkert ved at købe alkohol og cigaretter til trods for, at de reelt ikke har råd. Denne del af den fattige befolkning "vælger" (jeg mener ikke, at det er et helt frit valg, men det er i og for sig irrelevant her.) at købe "tåbelige" ting som alkohol og cigaretter når de ikke har råd, hvorfor det logisk må følge at et højere rådighedsbeløb ikke vil hjælpe dem betydeligt. Den anden mulighed er, at de handler rationelt og skærer ned på deres forbrug af oksekød, da de med højere afgift ikke har råd til at købe så meget af det. Altså, i nogle tilfælde vil det hjælpe mere end i andre. &gt; og det føles ganske enkelt forkert, at de som har mindst i Danmark pludselig, skal have endnu mindre. Netop derfor, at jeg foreslår variabel moms, så den kan sænkes på klimavenlige produkter. Mit forslag vil gøre de fattigste danskere rigere, hvis de forstår at bruge deres penge fornuftigt. Der kunne også laves en forsøgsordning med borgerløn til at forberede os på høj arbejdsløshed som resultat af AI og automatisering. Men jeg mener, at vores kontanthjælp er høj nok. Jeg er selv vant til at leve billigt og ved derfor, at det kan lade sig gøre. Bosat i en lejlighed i Odense kunne jeg spare 1500 sammen om måneden på SU, og kontanthjælpen er jo langt højere end SU-satsen, så jeg ser det ikke som et problem. Problemet er, at mange på ydelserne prioriterer deres økonomi helt forkert. En højere ydelse vil på den korte bane hjælpe, men det er symptombehandling. De skal have hjælp til at styre deres økonomi på en helt anden måde. Hvordan ved du nok bedre end jeg gør i funktion af dit job som socialrådgiver. Jeg er helt enig med dig i, at vores ulighed er totalt uacceptabel. Det bevæger sig desværre hurtigt i den forkerte retning, og derfor overvejede jeg også at stemme på Riskær som kom med et yderst radikalt forslag til en løsning. Der skal beskattes højere, men ikke på almindelige borgere med en indtægt over 500 000 kr om året. Der skal beskattes højere på dem, der sidder på de virkeligt store penge, og det skal gøres på en helt anden måde. Det er jo ikke den øvre middelklasse med årsløn på 600 000 kr. der er årsag til den stigende ulighed. Men jeg er ingen økonom, så jeg ved ikke, hvordan man bedre kan ramme de virkeligt velhavende uden at det går ud over erhvervslivet og væksten som helhed. &gt; De skal helt klart have mere hjælp end det de får. Ingen tvivl om det. De mange uheldige besparelser på nærmest samtlige omsorgsområder er grunden til, at vi har brug for, at der sker noget nyt. Enig, men pengene skal jo findes, og de skal tages fra de rigtige steder. Hvis du blot beskatter de almindelige lønmodtagere højere, så hæmmer det vækst og konkurrenceevnen. Vi ryger igen tilbage på min tidligere pointe om, at man skal beskatte "de store penge" men på den rigtige måde, som jeg ikke kender til. &gt; Tror aldrig jeg bliver helt enig med dette. Det er en kontrollerende måde at gøre det på. Oplysning og information i stedet måske... Du skal tænke på det på en anden måde. Lad mig give et andet eksempel. Vi er naboer og du har en sø lige ved siden af min have. Jeg vælger at overgøde min plæne, hvilket resulterer i, at din sø bliver fuldstændig ødelagt. Er det fair, eller skal jeg betale for de skader, jeg har forvoldt? Se det på samme måde med CO2-udledning. Forbrugerne skal betale for den udledning deres forbrug forårsager. Du må gerne spise oksekød, men så må du betale for den CO2-udledning, du forårsager, ligeså vel som bilerne allerede betaler for den forurening de forårsager gennem afgifter på benzin og diesel. Samme argument kan man jo bruge på usunde fødevarer samt alkohol og tobak, som alle forårsager livstilssygdomme der øger regningen til sundhedssektoren. &gt; Lige så snart det begynder at gå ud over økonomien, vil de stoppe op. Det vil kun kunne lade sig gøre, hvis man kan få omstillingen til at have en positiv økonomisk vækst. Helt enig. Det vil sætte en stopper for den politiske vilje, men så må vi som vælgere råbe op og vise viljen til at mindske udledning til trods for lavere økonomisk fremgang, eller måske endda tilbagegang. I sidste ende vil det koste os mere at lade være. &gt; recession Ja, det er et stort problem. Kapitalismen er i hvert fald ikke indstillet så den kan klare recession, ikke engang på den korte bane. Igen kommer jeg lidt til kort, da jeg hverken er økonom eller politolog og derfor ikke kender problemerne indgåene nok til at kunne se løsningerne. Men noget må vi gøre. At fortsætte i samme spor som hidtil vil være at dødsdømme os selv, figurativt. &gt; Jo de ønsker det, men de har bare ikke lyst til at være dem, som skal føre det ud i livet. De vil ikke gøre det alene, men langt størstedelen af verdens lande vil gerne være med i feltet. Der mangler bare nogen, der kan hoppe i førertrøjen. Den rolle kunne Danmark sagtens påtage sig. Det er der i al fald vilje til blandt den brede befolkning. &gt; De ved ikke hvordan de skal gøre det, og det er derfor det kunne ende ud med at blive rent symbolpolitik. &gt; Jamen jeg er ikke i tvivl om, at vi sådan set allerede har løsningerne. Mener du, at politikerne ikke kender til de løsninger, vi allerede har? Den tror jeg altså ikke holder. Politikerne er om nogen godt inde i det, da de skal lovgive ud fra det. Bredt kendte løsninger er, som jeg tidligere har nævnt, de brede afgifter på udledning af drivhusgasser, eller varieret moms der tager højde for udledningen. Som sagt skal det ramme især oksekød, men også bare kød generelt. Det skal ramme flyrejser, både indenrigs og udenrigs, EU eller uden for EU's grænser. Især transportsektoren skal rammes, så vi samtidig kan øge incitamentet til at købe lokale fødevarer. Det kunne også være, at atomkraft kunne være en løsning. Frankrig ser da om ikke andet ud til at have haft fin success med det. Slut på del 1.
It should be fine if you manage to keep the room you sleep in dark, quiet, and cold enough. That should be enough to "trick" your body into thinking that it's night when you sleep. Light, noise, and heat can lower your sleep quality rather significantly.
&gt; People bot skilling for years without getting banned and are in top 50 on highscores. Pretty sure this is wrong. Being at the top of the hiscores puts a spotlight on you.
Yes, exactly. We can't know exactly how bad it is if we don't have any data for the bots that got banned. But I absolutely agree with you that it doesn't look good. Jagex should do more about the problem, but unfortunately, the higher-ups won't do that. It's cheaper to mostly ignore it.
It's wrong to say "over 2 trillion of gold" because, as you say, it's not just gold. But it's definitely keeping the price of scales artificially low.
&gt; Okay so here is this, player 1 bots a Zulrah account and makes money. &gt; Player 2 alts rune dragons/wyverns/etc and makes money. What about player 3 who bots Zulrah on 20 accounts at once 24 hours a day? Is that "just as bad" as player 2, or do you think that maybe, just maybe, it's a tad bit worse?
And what happens to those accounts? They get banned much faster than a random Zulrah bot.
It's definitely evidence against it. I'm just fairly sure I've heard or read a passage where Jmods said that they take it more seriously if you're competitive on the hiscores. Could be bullshit from them though.
Who knows? Maybe he would've never been banned if he never competed on the hiscores? I'm not saying it's impossible to be at the of hiscores while you bot. It's simply less probable. Could be wrong though. Also, he didn't bot thieving for years. Getting 200m thieving is fairly quick.
Yes, obviously, because that's what it is.
Because it doesn't generate gold like the 200m gp lamp thing on RS3. It's simply a transaction between legit players where Jagex ends up getting paid. It's win-win.
Fascinating read! Do you have any of the data available to share, or would you prefer not to share it?
And it's one where nobody generated any illegitimate gold, unlike probably 90+% of RWT, which is why RWT is prohibited in the first place.
&gt; As far as I know, knighthood today is divided up into Orders, of which there are only four or five. Yes, and no. The basic knighthood is the Knight Bachelor and it's the most ancient form of knighthood. It does not grant membership of any of the orders, and as such it's considered the lowest rank of knighthood. Upper ranks of orders also grant knighthood. For instance, the Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE). Holding such a rank makes you a knight. But if you hold a lower rank in the same order, Commander, Officer, or Member, you don't become a knight. You can, however, be appointed as a Knight Bachelor while you hold a lower rank. For instance, Sir Elton John is a Knight Bachelor and holds the rank of Commander (CBE). Sir Paul McCartney is also a Knight Bachelor, but he only holds the rank of Member (MBE). In the UK and Commonwealth, there are currently 10 orders. The most common is The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire, which, despite the name, is one of the lowest orders. The highest orders are The Most Noble Order of the Garter followed by The Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle, and The Most Honourable Order of the Bath. The Garter consists of the Queen and the Prince of Wales ex officio, as well as no more than 24 Knights and Ladies Companion (currently 23 with the 24th seat vaccant), 8 Royal Knights and Ladies Companion being the most senior members of the Royal Family (the Duke of Cambridge is by far the youngest of all the Garters at 37), and lastly 8 Stranger Knights and Ladies Companion being foreing monarchs, like my own queen, the Queen of Denmark. In total, 41 members of upper royalty and nobility, as well as leading statesmen and military commanders of great achievement. The Order of the British Empire, on the other hand, has over 100 000 living members. Yes, you read that right. 100 thousand. That makes it by far the largest order. It has 5 ranks, the highest being Knight Grand Cross or Dame Grand Cross (GBE) of which there can be no more than 300 at any one time. Next is Knight Commander or Dame Commander (KBE) of which there can be no more than 845. As the names suggest, these give knighthood and the title of Sir or Dame. The 3rd through 5th ranks do not give knighthood, but many hold a Knight Bachelor. The ranks are Commander (CBE), of which there can be no more than 8960, and Officer (OBE) and Member (MBE) as the lower two ranks. There are no limits here for the total, but there can be appointed no more than 858 Officers and 1464 Members a year.
&gt; Adding a floating 1000kg iceberg displaces 1000kg of water, which has the same effect on water level as adding 1000kg of liquid water (melted iceberg) directly. Absolutely, and both would be bad because it would lead to sea level rise. OP says no sea level rise, which is false.
No, it has never jumped. There was a study in the 60s that concluded that there could be a coming ice age. Several studies went in-depth here and concluded either warming or cooling depending on the parameters and data used. However, the vast majority of studies, even in the 60s and 70s, concluded warming. &gt; ten years away from a climate holocaust Bullshit. No scientific study has made any claim even remotely close to that. In case you believe I'm wrong, provide a source for your claim.
Yes, because sea water = drinking water. It will lead to the opposite because sea level rise will cause more flooding which will lead to increased salinity of some fresh water used for drinking.
The problem is not that you're joking about global warming. The problem is that the jokes are the same as legitimate crazy arguments made by the unscientific side. A lot of people unironically believe what OP says.
Correct. Now, if only all the ice was already in the water we wouldn't have a problem.
Correct.
That's the worst part of it. Most of us would see that as an obvious joke, but real politicians actually use it as an argument in Congress. It's ridiculous.
&gt; Leftists: We need to reduce [human] global carbon emissions to 0 Fixed that for you. The plants would thrive just as well if we cut our emissions to 0 as they did in pre-industrial time. You know, the time when forests were everywhere.
Yes, it does. However, most ice is not in the ocean. Most ice sits in Antarctica and Greenland, you know, on land. When it melts, it runs into the ocean causing sea level rise. Another thing to note is that warmer water has a lower density which means it takes up more space. That changes nothing in a glass of water, but when the glass is several kilometres deep, even a 0.5% change results in 10-20 metres of sea level rise.
Which prediction? Here's a brilliant video on the topic: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugwqXKHLrGk
No, you're thinking of ice. He's talking about liquid water where the highest density is around 4C. [Higher temperatures causes the water to expand slightly.](https://hypertextbook.com/facts/2007/AllenMa.shtml) This leads to sea level rise when you add in all the ice on land that melts as a result of increased temperatures.
&gt; So actually the sea level lowers because ice is less dense than liquid water, as evidenced by the fact that the ice was floating. No, because 9% of the ice sits above water and causes the water level to rise by an amount equal to how much it lowers because of the increasing density.
That's a pretty hilarious joke. Awesome bait. Gave me a good laugh.
AI is definitely a huge threat, and potentially larger than climate change, but your "facts" on the matter are completely false.
It absolutely did, just like the OP. Why? [Because the argument is literally used in the US Congress by right-wing politicians.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPgZfhnCAdI&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=459) It wouldn't be too far fetched to think that your joke could be used as a serious argument by that guy as well. EDIT: I'm glad you're joking though. Makes it one person fewer to worry about.
Oh, right. No, it actually shouldn't change. The lowered density should make it go down, but the ice on top of the water increases the water level by an equal amount, making the water level constant.
All right, give me a source then. I just provided you with a scientific paper that states that it is growing by 250 billion tons of ice a year. You can't just yell "But NASA!" Provide the actual study from NASA that shows this.
Sure, but that ignores a huge part of the whole picture. It's like saying summer should be colder than winter because there are more clouds in the summer. Sure, the clouds in isolation make it colder as it blocks the Sun, but that doesn't mean it's actually colder in winter.
The point is that you need the implings anyway for ranger boots and holy sandals.
Exactly. There's nothing about land ice which is exactly why his "checkmate climate cucks" is not unironically sound.
I thought she was terminally ill and had x months left to live and that this was in a way a good ending to a tragic story. But no, it's just fucking tragic.
I never really understood the whole angle of a tragic loss somehow being a beautiful story. Sure, if this was about someone already terminally ill leaving in the best way considering the circumstances, but it's not. It's just a tragedy.
I noted that you've drawn this idea of what the evil left-wing does and that all on the left are like this. Why would you do that? Why would you give that much power to the fringe group on the outer 1%? I find it incredibly hypocritical that you drag the whole left, and AOC, into this fringe group while decrying people who do this to you. No, they shouldn't do this, so why are you doing the same? &gt; It's racist to criticise a specific religion. You're referring to islamophobia, I take it? Yes, that's racist. But islamophobia has nothing to do with criticism. It has everything to do with **disliking the practioners** of Islam. It think it warrants criticism that Islam is generally so far removed from secularism, but that doesn't mean I should start discriminating against its practioners because of it. That would be racism. &gt; A film is diverse if the cast is almost entirely monoracial (Because diversity only means race to these people), so long as that race isn't white. You're the one choosing to define it as "diversity only means race" by sharing that idea. Stop giving the fringe group that power. What is meant here is that a movie in the US about black people is spreading diversity because it highlights a historically suppressed minority group. It would be the same with any minority group. It's not diverse if it's a Turkic film featuring only Turkic people. &gt; Inclusion requires explicitly excluding people. No, it doesn't. Again, you're giving too much power to the fringe group. Inclusion simply means inclusion. &gt; Now we have putting illegal migrants in temporary facilities while they are processed being referred to by the same name as places that murdered over 10 million people. This is completely irrelevant. You'd also call both buildings, but that doesn't make it bad. Both are concentration camps. Only one featured death camps. You can simply note that and move on rather than needing to redefine language. &gt; with all that implies It implies exactly what is said. Concentration camp because that's what it is. Nothing more, nothing less. Yes, it draws analogies to the Holocaust, but nobody starts thinking that the government will start literally gassing the refugees or shooting them. &gt; No, she's implying that Trump is literally Hitler and this is his holocaust. No, that's not the implication. That's what **you** think the implication is because to **you** she's malicious and corrupt. It says more about you than it says about AOC. &gt; When you say concentration camp people don't think POWs or illegal immigrants, they think genocide. Is that so hard to understand? It's manipulative and I think it need a calling out. I disagree. I can't speak for what others would think as I haven't asked around, but I certainly don't think of genocide. If I wanted to signal genocide, I'd call it death camps. You know, the term used to describe the concentration camps where the genocide took place?
I'm not sure if it exists, but brightly coloured clothes was a staple of Norse culture during the Viking age.
[Agreed](https://youtu.be/KBWuDhIv9B0?t=3)
I'm Danish and have heard of the study results, but not the criticism. I'd be very interested in hearing more about this if anybody happen to have it at hand.
Lidt forsinket svar. Godt nytår! :) &gt; Ja, fx skydevåben burde være tilladt. Ok, der er vi så fuldstændig uenige. Hvorfor vil du tillade skydevåben? Al forskning viser jo, at flere skydevåben øger dødeligheden betragteligt. Samme gør sig vel egentlig også gældende ved rusmidler. Dog er jeg selv noget mere åben her, da jeg støtter afkriminalisering af alle rusmidler, opsætning af steder man kan få tjekket sine stoffer, og legalisering af cannabis for alle over f.eks. 21 år. Så her er vi egentlig ikke så uenige, men du går nok væsentligt længere end jeg. &gt; Det kan jeg ikke forestille mig. Ærgeligt, men sådan er det jo. For mig er det nemt at forestille mig, og det viser, hvor fuldstændig absurd den tradition egentlig er. &gt; Ja, der findes masser af folk som elsker fyrværkeri og måske gerne vil fejre deres 50-års fødselsdag på ordenlig maner. Nu mente jeg egentlig ift. nuværende lovgivning. Du må ikke selv fyre fyrværkeri af på din 50-års fødselsdag ifl. nuværende lovgivning. Men igen kan du sagtens løse det ved at hyre en professionel. Og derfor mener jeg ikke, at det overhovedet kan sammenlignes med knivloven, hvor kvive til erhverv, f.eks. en slagter, jæger eller fisker, kunne anholdes for bare at udføre deres erhverv. &gt; Man kunne også forbyde biler der kunne køre hurtigere end 130km/t Forbud ville her ikke give mening, men elektronisk begrænsning kunne sagtens implementeres, og det eksisterer jo allerede på scootere. Og det er faktisk også ved at ske på biler på EU-plan: https://newz.dk/eu-oensker-at-goere-hastigheds-begraensende-teknologi-obligatorisk-i-biler Det ser ud til begrænsningen kommer til at ligge på 180-200 km/t. Det er også mere meningsfuldt end 130, da man så kan køre f.eks. 150 på en tur gennem Tyskland. Det vil jo ikke kunne lade sig gøre med en begrænsning på 130. &gt; online-gambling Her mener jeg afgjort, at der skal sættes en stopper for markedsføringen af det. Der skal ikke være reklamer i fjernsynet om betting og online-casino, ligesom der heller ikke er reklamer i fjernsynet om tobaksvarer længere. Men nej, man skal da stadig have lov til at spille hazard, hvis det er det man vil. Jeg har da selv oddset et par gange på nogle sportskampe, som jeg gik op i og spillede på for at øge spændingen yderligere. Jeg er helt enig i, at det ikke giver mening at forbyde det. &gt; som ikke løser det egentlige problem Her er vi uenige. Jeg kan ikke se, hvorfor det ikke er en fin løsning. Ja, det er da symptombehandling, men vi ønsker da også kun at ændre symptomerne. Alternativet ville være enten ikke at forsøge at løse problemerne overhovedet eller gå til roden af problemet og forsøge at ændre på menneskets natur. Jeg kan ikke se, at nogen af delene er bedre end "symptombehandling", men jeg vil da meget gerne se argumenter for det modsatte.
Luckily, in many 1st world countries, chiropractors require a basic medical training similar to that of physiotherapists.
My custom watercooling setup has leaked a bit over my graphics card and motherboard. Nothing happened as it's ultrapure water that doesn't conduct electricity. Just let it dry and it's okay. But I agree with you. It's not a first-time kind of thing, and I wouldn't recommend it for most people as the economics simply don't make sense unless you like tinkering with it.
&gt; Det er folk, der slår hinanden ihjel, der er problemet. Med skydevåben. Fjern skydevåbene og du løser problemet 90% af vejen. Forbud vil aldrig løse problemerne 100%, men de er vanvittigt gode til at nå de første 90%. &gt; Langt de fleste ting som vi diskuterer forbud af, fx våben eller fyrværkeri, tjener et reelt formål Hvilket formål tjener våben? Du kan gå på jagt. Fint, få et jagttegn og du får lov at købe et jagtgevær. Du har ikke brug for andre slags våben. Samme princip til konkurrenceskydning. Du har ikke brug for f.eks. semiautomatiske rifler eller maskinpistoler. Derfor er der, ligesom med rusmidler, ingen grund til at legalisere dem. Fyrværkeri tjener da heller ikke et reelt formål ud over, at det er fedt at fyre af og sjovt at kikke på. Det gør det hverken mere eller mindre reelt end rusmidler. Med mht. rusmidler er der et enormt problem ved den illegale handel og dets status som forbudte stoffer, der gør, at folk i misbrug har sværere ved at få hjælp. Afkriminalisering hjælper sidstnævnte, mens legalisering af cannabis under hård regulering afhælper en stor del af det første. Samtidig kan nemmere adgang til cannabis lukke for en del af cannabisens status som gateway drug. Hvis du ikke tager til en pusher for cannabis, så bliver du ikke tilbudt de hårdere stoffer. Derfor giver det rigtig fin mening med netop afkriminalisering af hårdere stoffer og legalisering af cannabis. &gt; Det er nok det allermest spændende. Ja, jo, det kan der måske være noget om. Men ærlig talt, hvor stor en glæde er det? Det er en gang om året, det er pissedyrt, og det varer 20 min. Kan man ikke klare sig uden? Jeg kan selv godt lide at skyde fyrværkeri af, men ikke til de priser, og jeg lider sgu intet afsavn. Ved et forbud er det vigtigt at se på fordele og ulemper. Ulempen har vi været igennem. Fordelene er flere: 1. Mange kommer til skade med krudtet 2. En del af dem er uskyldige, som historien fra Nørrebro 3. Danskerne vil spare en dejlig masse penge, som ellers ville gå direkte til Kina 1-2 er klart de store her, og jeg vil bestemt mene, at de opvejer ulempen ved et forbud. Men i første omgang tror jeg ikke, at forbud er vejen frem. Et skift til den norske model med fyrværkeri fra 18-02 i nytåret ville give fin mening. &gt; Der ville være en anden udløsning hvis det ikke var muligt at gøre det med fyrværkeri(og det ser vi jo også resten af året, når fyrværkeri ikke er tilgængeligt). Dvs. en væsentlig mindre ødelæggende udløsning. Hvor skriver jeg mig op? &gt; Der skal derimod ændres noget hos den lille gruppe af folk, der ikke kan opføre sig ordenligt. Hvad det er, der skal ændres, ved jeg ikke, men det er jo netop også det som politikerne skal finde ud af og sætte ind på Det er sgu for nemt at sige. Men jo, hvis man havde andre løsninger, så ville det da også være værd at tage fat i dem. Men det betyder da ikke, at forbud aldrig kan være en løsning. Men hvad foreslår du så? At politikerne nedsætter endnu en langsomtarbejdende komite, som så kommer med et løsningsforslag om 3-4 år, der så har kostet 10-20 mio? Er det overhovedet nødvendigt? Er der ikke forskning på området allerede? Jeg ved det ikke, men jeg er da enig i, at det ville være værd at kikke på inden et eventuelt forbud. Men det gør da ikke forbud mindre gavnlige. &gt; generer alle de lovlydige folk, der bliver ramt af forbuddet. Er det en gene ikke at skyde fyrværkeri af? Det er sgu nok at stramme den lidt. Vi går blot fra 5 dages affyring om året til 8 timer (norsk) eller ingen. Vi har intet problem med ikke at må fyre af udenfor nytåret, så hvorfor skulle det være et problem heller ikke at fyre af omkring nytåret? Giv det 5-10 år og vi har helt glemt det.
It was half-way serious and half-way joking.
Most people on Reddit are Americans, for which it will be Monday evening.
It's also just an all-round great place for trivia and for finding other sources. This is especially true if you're a layman who don't have deep access to research or knowledge about how to find research beyond encyclopedias. For any purpose below university level, I'd say Wikipedia is accurate enough.
As someone else pointed out, it will pick up metallic ions when passing through metal throughout its lifetime. The important part is that it won't conduct electricity if you spill it when filling the reservoir. Then when you spill it, dry it up immediately and corrosion is a non-issue.
Well, better a Monday evening than Friday evening. At least Monday evening will be right after the weekend rather than just before it.
6 feet is very close to my brother's height and for him it's been fantastic. He wanted one specifically without arm rests.
&gt; I would assume that wikipedia’s only special interest is easily accessible information. This is correct. Wikipedia doesn't have any agenda beside its open sharing of information, and it doesn't have billions. However, the Wikimedia Foundation behind Wikipedia has more than enough money. As it doesn't pay its contributors or editors, its costs should be very low. And yet, spending increases dramatically each year despite the costs of running the servers staying pretty much the same. It currently has a capital fund of over 100 million USD and its spending has increased to over 50 million USD a year. It's absurd. Donating to Wikipedia accomplishes only one thing. It makes them spend more. There was a great Wikipedia talk article about it, but I can't seem to find it. That's where I got the figures. However, here's another great article about it [on Effective Altruism.](https://forum.effectivealtruism.org/posts/9qqds7Z3Ykd9Kdeay/should-you-donate-to-the-wikimedia-foundation) In other words, if you feel altruistic then donate to a more meaningful cause than Wikipedia until Wikipedia actually needs it.
Jeg synes, at det er en fed diskussion den her. Jeg tror, vi er ved at nå ind til en kerne :) &gt; Nej, du løser netop ikke problemet. Du fjerner symptomet på problemet. Igen, det er en doven og sjusket form for lovgivning at forbyde, frem for at bekæmpe årsager. Årsagen til skader fra skydevåben er skydevåbene. Det bliver ikke mere grundlæggende end det. (Vent med svar, jeg kommer mere ind på det noget længere nede.) &gt; Du vender udgangspunktet om: Det handler ikke om at tage stilling til hvad der burde være legaliseret, men hvad der burde være ulovligt. Udgangspunktet er ikke at alt er forbudt, indtil det bliver gjort lovligt. Helt enig. &gt; Desuden er det ikke din opgave at bestemme hvilket formål våben tjener for mig. Også enig. &gt; Hvis jeg vil have et våben, uanset hvilken type og hvilken årsag, burde jeg kunne købe det. Det må og skal være udgangspunktet i et frit samfund. Hvis jeg ønsker at købe en atombombe, så burde jeg kunne købe det. Det må og skal være udgangspunktet i et frit samfund. Det bør også være tilladt at sprede miljøgifte frit på egen grund, hvis det er det man ønsker. Eller du er måske ikke enig? Hvorfor ikke? Fordi det skader samfundet? Det gør skydevåben jo netop også. Og når det skader samfundet, som skydevåben, rusmidler, og fyrværkeri gør, så må man som samfund træffe et valg om friheden opvejer ulemperne og skaden på samfundet. Det gør den ikke med atomvåben eller fri spredning af miljøgifte, og det gør det ej heller med de fleste skydevåben eller rusmidler. Det mener jeg heller ikke, at det gør med fyrværkeri til private. Men det er helt fair, at vi er uenige. Jeg ønsker bare at vide præcis hvor uenigheden ligger. Ligger den kun ved fyrværkeri og våben, eller ligger den helt ude ved atomvåben og miljøgifte? &gt; Du kan ikke gå ned og købe heroin til brug i din husholdning, på samme måde som du fx kan gå ned og købe en kniv til at skære grøntsager med Enig. Men du kan heller ikke bruge fyrværkeri i din husholdning. Det kan kun bruges til "underholdning", præcis som rusmidler. Jeg kan ærlig talt ikke forstå, at du kan se anderledes på det. Hvilket andet formål end "underholdning" spiller fyrværkeri? Hvilket andet formål end "underholdning" spiller rusmidler? Jeg kan ikke se forskellen. Jo, bevares, de fleste rusmidler er farligere, men det ændrer da ikke på formålet. &gt; Men jeg vil gerne samtidig indrømme at man også i princippet selv burde have lov til at bestemme hvad man gør med sin krop. I princippet ja. Men igen skal skadelige midler, som de fleste rusmidler og også våben og fyrværkeri opvejes. Er friheden skaden værd? &gt; Det er jeg ikke uenig i og det tror jeg heller ikke at jeg har givet udtryk for. Det var heller ikke mit indtryk. Jeg ønskede at præcisere min egen holdning på området, så du kan se, at jeg ikke generelt er for forbud over hele linjen. &gt; Du kan ikke generalisere ud fra din egen opfattelse af fyrværkeri. Nej, det kan jeg ikke. Men jeg må gøre forsøget. Jeg forsøger mig med en cost-benefit analyse, og der kan jeg jo kun tage udgangspunkt i mig selv. Jeg er helt klar over, at andre har mere glæde af krudtet end jeg selv. Derfor mener jeg heller ikke, at et direkte forbud er vejen frem (endnu). &gt; Nej. Der har været næsten rekordlavt antal skader i år. Og vi snakker altså om flere hundredetusinde mennesker der går amok i alkohol og sprængstof. En skade er en for meget. Men jo, det er da klart, at tallene skal opvejes. Hvor har du tallene fra? Mig bekendt er de ikke offentliggjort endnu. Men jo, de første prognoser ser da ud til et drastisk fald ift. sidste år, og det er da positivt. Men i de sidste 5 år har det også stået ret galt til. &gt; Igen, det er en ren tilfældighed at der var fyrværkeri indblandet. Det er ikke tilfældigt, at en fyrværkeriskade kommer af fyrværkeri. Og det er ikke tilfældigt, at skaderne kommer netop, når fyrværkeri er lovligt at købe og fyre af. Du lyder ærlig talt som de amerikanske våbentosser, der mener, at det eneste der kan standse en "bad guy with a gun" er en "good guy with a gun". Det går jo fuldstændig mod alle statistikkerne og forskningens konklusioner på området. Flere våben giver flere dødsfald. Jeg kan ikke se, at det skulle være anderledes med fyrværkeri. Det er netop anderledes for rusmidler, da kriminalisering af stofferne fjerner regulering og tabustempler de misbrugte, så de undgår hjælp og er mindre oplyste om farene ved de forskellige stoffer og derfor oftere ender livet ved en overdosis. Og netop derfor er jeg for afkriminalisering og mod frigivelse af skydevåben. Jeg følger forskningens anbefalinger på området. &gt; Fx på den måde vi så i en efterårsferie for noget tid siden, hvor der blev tændt ild i containere. Mig bekendt virker brandsatte containere væsentligt mindre farligere end fyrværkeri. Der blev også brændt snesevis af containere af med fyrværkeri i år. Igen ser jeg hyppigheden af "uheldene" i dagene med fyrværkeri som et ret klart eksempel på, at fyrværkeri forværrer situationen, akkurat som flere våben fører til flere dødsfald. &gt; unge indvandrere der ikke kan opføre sig ordentligt Igen drejningen over til indvandrere. Hvor har du det fra? Jo, bevares, folk fra lavere samfundslag begår mere kriminalitet og laver mere ballade. Og da indvandrere er overrepræsenteret i fattigdom er det kun forventeligt, at de også dukker hyppigere op i statistikker om kriminalitet og ballade. Men det er nu stadig etniske danskere, der står for langt hovedparten af kriminalitet og andet ballade. Jeg kan ikke se, hvorfor det skulle være anderledes med fyrværkeri. Og hvis det er, så er det da kun et vanvittigt godt argument for forbud mod fyrværkeri, da de så åbenbart kun gør det med fyrværkeri! &gt; i stedet for at fokusere på det reelle problem Hvad er "det reelle problem"? &gt; Det er ikke en væsentligt mindre ødelæggende udløsning. Hvad er det så, der vil være den mere ødelæggende udløsning? Brændte containere? Du laver påstanden om, at de blot vil gøre andet. Så må du da også komme med eksempler. &gt; Eller ved at smide dem ud af landet. Ja, lad os da gøre etnisk danske og efterkommere af indvandrere statsløse og dermed bryde menneskerettighedskonventionerne! Hvis ikke dét er frihed, så ved jeg ikke, hvad det er! Igen forstår jeg ikke din kobling til indvandrere. &gt; Man gør det ved at lave en målrettet indsats, hvad end den så måtte indebære. Jeg er helt enig. Stemmer du SF næste gang, så der kommer flere midler på området? &gt; en løsning på integrationsproblemet. Det er der folk der burde have mere forstand på end mig. Nå, det er der, du vil hen. Jeg kan så fortælle dig, at det faktisk går rigtig fint på integrationsområdet. [Det har en ny bog fra en økonomisk forsker på området slået fast.](https://www.dr.dk/nyheder/indland/ny-bog-integrationen-har-ikke-slaaet-fejl-det-gaar-godt) Men jo, vi kunne da godt bruge flere midler på området, og vi kunne også stille højere krav i samme omgang. &gt; For det gør der ikke i øjeblikket. Det er der ikke råd til, bl.a. fordi det egentlig ikke betyder det store i det hele taget. Forebyggelse fungerer bedre. Gulerød er mere effektiv end pisk. &gt; Det underbygger eller underminerer hele samfundet, hvis man er så pragmatisk orienteret at man ikke ved hvad man kan regne med. Den kritik har jeg nu aldrig hørt af pragmatisme. Interessant.
I don't think the FBI of the 60s is too accurate for that. They did have an agenda about making the civil rights leaders look worse from what I recall. Could be an example of that.
FYI you need a \ before that last ) to avoid breaking the link.
Yes, it looks different because the ")" in the Wikipedia-link is interpreted as the end of the hyperlink. That's why you need to add the "\" before the first ")" at the end, if that makes sense. Try it out and see if it fixes the link.
&gt; To my mind, this is nearly impossible to win for black. Try playing as white against black computer at AI level 4, or above if necessary. At a high enough level, the AI will beat your white arse every time.
But since OP specified both a first and middle name, I think it's fair to assume that the actual name in question includes both a first name and middle name, where the middle name is likely a patronymic.
Yes, except Russians have surnames as well, a family name that is passed down through generations. Icelanders don't have this.
&gt; shouldn't judge it based on a fictitious name that was made up for an AITA judgment post. Well yeah, we should. That's exactly the point of this subreddit and the point of coming up with a placeholder name. It's needed to judge the post. But no, you're kind of right that we can't know for certain that the middle name is a patronymic. But there's a pretty damn good chance it is when they used a patronymic in the OP. If it wasn't a patronymic, why whould they use a patronymic as a placeholder name? That would be a mistake. Sure, it could happen, but I for one find it a lot more likely that the actual name follows the same structure, like Sergei Alexandrovitch.
And the 28-year-old expert is a professional so he practices for his sport rather than technique for the belts. That's why many professionals only hold low Dan grades. It's a waste of time to pursue higher Dan grades while you're actively competing in the sport.
No, I'm simply making one of two assumptions. Either that they know how Russian names work becuase they were literally raised by a Russian, or that the middle name they give their child ends in the same -ovitch as the placeholder name used in the OP. Just one of those two assumption need to be true, and I think that is quite fair. You're making two assumptions: 1. They don't know how Russian names work 2. They list a patronymic -ovitch as a placeholder despite that not being the actual middle name of their child. That's a pretty stupid mistake imo. So which is it? Well, I don't know. But I think you're the one making more assumptions than I. Can I know with absolute certainty that I'm right? No, I don't. But I'm assuming that and letting OP know. If I'm wrong then OP will just sit back and go "no no, that's not right" and no harm is done. It doesn't matter if I'm wrong, but it does actually matter if I'm right.
[See this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/OnePiece/comments/elbybx/lets_never_forger_that_oda_drew_an_alternate/fdh4csg/) It is canon, as in it actually happened. But it happened in a dream rather than in the actual timeline of One Piece. EDIT: Not canon after all as it couldn't have happened yet. Maybe in the future, but for now, not canon, only [headcannon.](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/onepiece/images/0/05/Franky_Gun_Hair.png/revision/latest?cb=20150206010613)
Good point. Could be a future one. But yeah, until then, not canon.
&gt; most Anglo-saxons still highly valued strength (as did most Germanic tribes) All societies in early medieval Europe valued strength highly. Military might gave political power and wealth. It was by far the most important factor for rulers back then. So yes, the Germanic "tribes" valued it as well.
This is very well put.
8:14-8:25 That's exactly how it works in Europe as well. Long system in our native languages and short system in English. Most people seem to be used to it to avoid confusion.
It was obvious that a lot of the winners were drunk, but Phoenix seemed different from the rest. But I guess it could be just a bit more alcohol.
Likvid betyder nu blot, at det er flydende, dvs. kan omsættes hurtigt. Oftest vil det være penge på kontoen eller kontanter i hånden, men det behøver det vist ikke være.
I only reached Skellige after 80 or so hours.
Me too, although it was a fair bit later. I don't even know why as I enjoyed the game. I guess it's my ADD making me indecisive and make it difficult for me to decide to sit down and play the game for a few hours. EDIT: I'm 130 hours in, but I last played almost 2 years ago. That's not good... :(
I'm betting on my memory being good enough to pick it up without too much trouble. It usually works out for me. Fingers crossed. How long was your break from it?
Great! I'm glad it helped :)
You forget the most important part of Zen 3 that is the fact that Zen 3 is an entirely new architecture. Meanwhile, Zen 2 was just a refinement. The unified L3 cache along with other architectural improvements will make Zen 3 a monster. Rumours say 17% IPC on average. Less on integer performance, more on floating point.
That and Bulldozer being a disaster while Sandy Bridge was a monster. But yes, the paying off stuff hurt AMD before the Bulldozer days, which means it probably hurt the development of Bulldozer.
Big Navi will be a 2nd half of 2020 product, at the earliest, and I'm not so sure about its performance. The 5700XT is already quite memory starved, which is why it doesn't overclock well at all. If Big Navi uses GDDR6 as well, then it would need a much higher bandwidth. That, or its HBM2 again, which would make it even more expensive. Either path will be difficult. And before AMD is ready to launch it, I think Ampere will be pretty much ready to go. And that comes on 7nm, and probably with some architectural improvements over Turing as well. Until AMD has something completely different up their sleave, it's not looking too bright for them against Novideo.
OP, if you do decide to go with a 5700 XT instead of the 2070, which I also recommend, make sure it's not from ASUS. The VRM on the TUF runs hotter than spec, resulting in failure, while the screws tightening the cooler to the board on the Strix don't fit meaning there is a gap between the cooler and the board parts. Saphire is good, Powercolor is good, Gigabyte is good. [Here's a comparison video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NmExnu-j2s)
Done in moderation and if you're not binge drinking at the same time, clubbing can absolutely be better than reading. But it depends on how much you read and how much your socialise. If you socialise a lot outside of clubbing then there's no reason to ever go clubbing. But if you isolate yourself and read all day then an evening of clubbing with friends will be more healthy for your mind than reading yet another evening. It's all about context.
&gt; Ifht du jo skal æde kalorierne du forbrænder. Tog de så også højde for, at mere motion gør dig mere sund, så du derfor bruger færre ressourcer fra sundhedsvæsnet, og dermed inddirekte lavere udledning?
&gt; Men alt det andet er virtue signalling af værste skuffe, find nogle politiske løsninger der ændre spillereglerne for virksomheder på en måde der gør det klimavenligt. Her er jeg delvist enig. Ja, det er mere konstruktivt at finde bredere løsninger, men det hjælper jo ikke, hvis man både skælder ud for "virtue signalling" og samtidig stemmer nej til løsningsforslagene, f.eks. højere CO2-afgifter og mere generelle CO2-afgifter, som også rammer fødevarer, så kød og især oksekød bliver markant dyrere. Eller afgift på flyrejser eller fjerne incitamenter til fossilindustrierne, tilbagerul ændringen i registreringsafgift på biler, så fossil bliver dyrere og el bliver billigere osv. Der er masser af helt konkrete løsninger til rådighed allerede nu. Helt fair, at man er uenig med den ene eller den anden, men at helt afskrive dem alle slet ikke vejen frem. Generelt er den bedste løsning at gøre det billigere at leve grønnere og gøre det dyrere at leve "sortere".
Honestly, motion blur for video games should just die in a fire. It's great for movies shown in 24 fps, but go beyond that and it quickly becomes pointless. It just removes detail at that point.
It was more meant as an elaboration aimed at those who would otherwise downvote it. I figured you mostly agreed.
If clubbing for you is going out on the dance floor and going crazy while sober, it's exercise combined with socialising. Doesn't get much more healthy than that. But for many people, going clubbing will result in the consumption of a lot of alcohol or things that are even worse, which would make it an unhealthy hobby. I guess it is difficult to compare for that reason and because the health benefits gained from reading is completely different in nature than the health benefits from clubbing.
The best explanation is as always visual. [This is an adipocyte, a fat cell.](https://image.shutterstock.com/image-vector/anatomy-adipocyte-fat-cell-vector-260nw-1489086233.jpg) As you can see, it's mostly made of fat. If you lose weight, the fat part of it simply shrinks. So there wouldn't really be "unused cells". They would all shrink a bit, if my understanding is correct. I tried to find a picture of an actual adipocyte to show the real ratio between stored fat and cell material as I'm fairly sure the structure is even more extreme with more fat to cell material, but I was unable to do so.
I'm actually not sure exactly how it works, so I'm mostly guessing here. I've never heard of it getting filled with water though. But take it with a grain of salt. The explanation works for me until someone else corrects it if necessary.
The logical part of your brain is missing the key detail that Intel is 10x the size of AMD. Even worse is the difference in capital and earnings. Over the last year (Q4 2018 to Q3 2019 as we're waiting for Q4 2019), AMD had a net income of $209 million. In the same period, Intel had an income of just $19.4. Not million, but billions. It was literally 100x AMD's income. If the logical part of your brain only cares about short-term CPU improvements, then yes, we desperately need Intel to become more competitive. But if the logical part of your brain cares about long-term development, then it would be on the same side as the emotional part of your brain as it would recognise the need for AMD to make more money for future R&amp;D against Intel. Intel will make a comeback sooner or later. They're too big to die, at least within this new decade.
They're already beginning to price their products higher than needed. This is reflected in their increased gross margins, and you can see it in products like the new Threadripper line-up. Much more expensive than its predecessor, but it has the performance to back it up. I think the same is the case for all Zen 2 products. I think that's why the rumours and leaks were spot-on except for pricing. The leaks showed the lowest pricing they could launch the products with in case Intel had something to compete. Intel had nothing, so prices increased. That's completely fair. But in general, yes, AMD is still much cheaper than Intel compared to the performance you get. Unfortunately, they need to do this for a few more years because Intel still holds the mindshare lead.
I should have noted that this is a question that really can't be answered. But the way I see it, "ethical meat" does not include any torture and only includes a premature killing. And given the relative lack of intelligence in farm animals, I think it's fair to assume that they don't have any conscious thoughts of wanting to live, only survival instincts. So I don't see the killing of animals as immoral, which is why I'm not fully vegan. To me, they're given a life they otherwise wouldn't live and what then matters is not the duration of that life, but the quality of it. And if it's a high quality life that I would view as being worth living, then that to me is what makes the meat ethical. In that scenario, it's absolutely more important to go from factory meats to "ethical meats" rather than from "ethical meats" to vegan.
You're missing the key part where the other students exclaim: "Oh, you're colourblind? What colour is this then?"
&gt; The total amount of animal suffering in the world decreases more when someone goes vegan. That depends entirely on how you measure the suffering. What is suffering? Is living on an "ethical" farm suffering? Many vegans think it is, judging by the downvotes, but I don't.
&gt; Animals whose lives are cut short MERELY for our gustatory pleasure is by definition unnecessary suffering Personally, I don't care what the reasoning behind it is. Either it's suffering or it's not. The animals don't care why they suffer, they only care about suffering or not, so that's also my position. I don't think animals have the conscious thought required to know whether or not they want to live. All they have is an evolutionary driven survival instinct, which means it is without a will. It's just a force of nature, like a ball getting pulled towards the Earth by gravity. Going against such a force of nature is no more evil than lifting the ball. Because of that, I don't consider ending animal life as suffering. But this makes it sound as if it's some black or white thing, when in reality is a spectrum. We're animals too, so why should it be any different for us? Well, we have conscious thought. That's not the case for animals. Some animals show signs of relatively high intelligence, like apes or dolphins. Pigs to a certain extend too, but less than apes and dolphins. This means my position is fluid and can be changed. From what I can tell, the evidence of research into animal intelligence does not put pigs into the category of having deliberate conscious thoughts. But as the research progresses, this may change. I don't subscribe to the idea that any animal dying is suffering, as this would by definition include all animals, including insects and microscopic animals, like tardigrades. There has to be a line somewhere, and I put mine at sapience as it seems the most logical to me. Some will disagree with me, and that's okay.
Not necessarily. It depends on the region. Some countries have very strict regulations in place in cooperation with animal welfare non-profit activist organisations. This is the case where I live in Denmark. A few years ago, we got a new governmental stamp system to make the whole thing more transparent. It works very well here and the nicer farms are on the rise. There have been no controversies about them ever from what I can tell, and that's despite 14% of Danes living almost exclusively vegetarian, which is more than tripled since 2010. You bet they would figure it out if shit like that happened at the nicer farms and customers would be outraged.
You could trim down the timings using [the DRAM calculator.](https://www.guru3d.com/files-details/download-ryzen-dram-calculator.html) Increases fps by about 5%.
&gt; Honestly getting a BMI over 30 and being muscular is literally not possible without help. It is. Work hard at it and don't cut down in bodyfat. Arnold hit 30 at a ridiculously low bodyfat percentage. Get that back to normal and his BMI would climb to 35. Remove the performance enhancing drugs and his BMI return to 30. "All" from muscle. Would it take 24/7 dedication? Probably, yeah. But it's not impossible. Hell, it's possible with gear to hit a BMI of 40 and still sport a sixpack, [like strongman Hafþór Björnsson.](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/7d/4c/2c/7d4c2cc371bf338d1d3ffc2d2a6a80a0.jpg) Surely then, it should be possible for someone like him to hit a BMI of 30 with a sixpack without using gear.
&gt; Obese” means a BMI of 30.0+. This is not true, [according to WHO.](https://www.who.int/en/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/obesity-and-overweight) They say this: &gt; Overweight and obesity are defined as abnormal or excessive fat accumulation that may impair health. &gt; Body mass index (BMI) is a simple index of weight-for-height that is commonly used to classify overweight and obesity in adults. Meaning, BMI is a tool used to diagnose someone with obesity, but it's not the definition.
&gt; your joints can’t distinguish between 280 lbs of muscle and 280 lbs of fat. Except they actually can. Strength training increases the strength of your ligaments, which support your joints. No, 280 lbs of muscle is not ideal, but it puts way less stress on your joints than 280 lbs of fat.
&gt; unlimited weight class powerlifters and linemen are all overfat Their bodyfat% is actually often significantly lower than average. It just sits outside the muscle making it look like it's all fat. Sure, they have more fat than most people, but their larger muscle mass decreases the bodyfat%.
&gt; I meant that it wasn't possible without also having an unhealthy amount of body fat. What do you consider an unhealthy amount? Is Hafþór packing an unhealthy amount in that picture? His BMI is about 40 in that picture. Are you saying he wouldn't have been able to hit a BMI of 30 if he never used if he had the same amount of bodyfat? &gt; There's something called a genetic limit Yes, absolutely. I never claimed that everyone can do it, but simply that it's not impossible.
&gt; I thought you can't strengthen ligaments/tendons? You can, just not as much as muscles and it takes much longer. &gt; They don't respond to stress like muscles Which is why this is still true. &gt; there's less stress on the joint with stronger muscles and it hurts much less than when I was weak. I have no expertise on the topic, but I would think this is because strength training increases the strength of your tendons and ligaments.
How much do you take? I use 2.5mg (half a 5mg pill) to create a better sleep schedule and come off it once it's solid. I suggest you do the same considering the uncertainty of the health impacts it has from long-term use.
Joking aside, but that was actually possible in RS2 because RSC accounts started with lower HP, thus being level 2. An unused RSC account that migrated to RS2 would've been able to beat fight caves at level 2.
You went to bed at 1, or did you fall asleep at 1? Which one? If it's the former, then you got about 6½ hours of sleep. If it's the latter, then perhaps even less than 6 hours. Either way, I think this may be where the problem lies. You're too tired to get up after 6-6½ hours so your body refuses and you need way too long to get up. If you went to bed an hour or two earlier and set your first alarm to 8 or 8:30 then you'd get 2 hours of sleep more and I bet this would make it much easier for you to get up.
Keep in mind that the 8 hour figure is just an average. You may need only 7 hours or you may need up to 10 hours. Maybe 7 hours will be enough, or maybe 8 hours won't even do it, so try aiming for 9 or even 10 to see if there is a difference from 7 or 8. But going to bed earlier is definitely helpful either way. It's really the only way to get adequate sleep if you need to get up early. May I suggest setting an alarm to remind you to go to bed? It helps keeping me consistent with my bed time.
&gt; I am still very curious about any known long term effects. We all are. But there have been no studies on that so far, unfortunately.
NTA My mum has done something similar in the past. I think it's a funny story, so I'll share it here. My mum worked with chemistry where they used pure ethanol to clean with. She and her colleagues often noted that they'd used a bit more than they actually used and then brought the rest with them home as free spirits for parties. They mixed it with water and various essences, like rum or whisky, to imitate proper spirits. Sure, they taste wasn't exact, but it worked. At one party, they had put a whisky blend into a bottle of a fine aged single malt to make it seem a bit more palatable. They then used it for Irish coffee. Except one of the party-goers who fancied himself a whisky aficionado who recognised the bottle and refused to mix such a fine whisky with coffee, so he drank it pure throughout the rest of the night, never realising that it was a mix of pure ethanol, water, and some cheap whisky essence. Most of the party knew and had a good laugh about it. Moral of the story, don't pretend or you'll be embarrased when you get it wrong.
It is, but only for 1 in every 10 000 people who have a rare mutation allowing them to seemingly sleep more efficiently, although the health impacts of the mutation have not been studied thoroughly enough to confirm if their sleep is actually more efficient. But for the rest of us? No, 4-5 hours is never healthy.
This is horrible advice. It may be that you have that rare 1 in 10 000 mutation that allows you to function properly on 4-5 hours. But statistically speaking, you've simply taught your body to function on so little sleep, just like Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan did. They bragged about how little sleep they needed. How did that end? They both died from Alzheimer's disease. I suggest you go to a sleep doctor to figure out of you're one of the few or if you're slowly killing yourself by sleeping too little.
Matthew Walker mentions it in his books, on various podcasts (notably the Peter Attia Drive), and I think on his TED Talk as well. I have it from Walker.
I'm Danish so I could help with the translation. But the link is dead for me, so can you help with that part?
Not Peter Willemoes! He was from Assens where the local brewery has a line of half-decent craft beers called Willemoes.
Ha ha, fair :D
It says that there is a paragraph in the "naval war articles", which I've tried to find references to. I haven't found exactly what it is, but other sources refer to it as some kind of lawbook for naval warfare, so it looks like it's official law on the area. That paragraph "said clearly that he would have been liable for punishment had he refrained from attacking a fleeing frigate just because it was larger than his own." In other words, according to "søkrigsartiklerne", meaning the lawbook for naval warfare, Tordenskiold could've been punished for not attacking a fleeing enemy vessel if the only reason for not attacking it was the size difference between it and his own. Seems close enough to the Wikipedia article to me.
I barely manage to survive.
I would if I could
Imagine actually supporting Nazi ideas. Watch out, we've got a sharp edge over here.
Jeg synes /s er fint i situationer som denne, hvor det er fuldstændig 50-50 om det er ment sarkastisk eller alvorligt. Men helt enig ellers. Alt for mange gange bruges /s i situationer, hvor det er soleklart.
Og hvorfor skulle man dog gøre det? Ved at se på lande, så er det da klart, at Kina skal ligge øverst. De har trods alt det højeste indbyggertal. Nej, du skal da hellere fokusere på USA som stadig ligger på 2-3 gange så høj udledning som kineserne pr. indbygger. Eller olielandene, som ligger endnu højere, eller Australien, som ligger ca. ligesom USA og samtidig eksporterer enorme mængder kul. Og så er der naturligvis også os selv, som stadig udleder langt over verdensgennemsnittet.
&gt; Det er almindelige udsving. Almindelige udsving, *som er mere ekstreme end ellers grundet den globale opvarmning*. Det samme er tilfældet med brandene i Australien. Helt naturligt med udsving, men alle værdier rykker lige et par takker over på højere temperatur.
&gt; Det ændrer vel ikke på at min kommentar er rigtig? Det lød på din kommentar, og lyder på dit svar, at du tror, at temperaturen vil falde pga. lavere solaktivitet i fremtiden. Det er der ingen videnskabelig basis for. Solaktiviteten er rigtig nok meget høj siden 1950, men den er på vej ned nu. Om den svinger op eller ned i fremtiden er der ikke ret meget basis for at sige. De fleste forskere mener, at den bliver ca. lige så kraftig som den, der slutter nu her. Det betyder, at solaktiviteten vil stige indenfor de næste 5 år for derefter at falde lidt inden cyclus 26 starter omkring 2030. &gt; Niveauerne under Den Lille Istid var meget lavere end i dag, er det årsagen? Årsagen til hvad? &gt; Accelerationen kan da være bekymrende, men det er kun så længe den forsætter. Ja, naturligvis? Det siger da sig selv, at negative ting kun skaber bekymring så længe de eksisterer? &gt; Hvis temparaturen var faldende, så havde vi vel hellere ikke brændt gummidæk af for at ændrer på det? Hvad mener du? Hvis temperaturen var naturligt faldende, så mener du ikke, at vi ville gøre noget ved det? Mener du, at de stigende temperaturer i dag er naturlige? &gt; Den grønne omstilling er allerede igang i samtlige lande rundt omkring i verden, dog hovedsageligt for at gøre luften renere, som i det mindste må siges at være et problem, som du ved stammer fra massiv udledning. Og det ved man ikke med temperaturen? &gt; Hvis vi kigger 10 år ud i fremtiden, er der så virkelig nogle der tror at vi er længere bagud med den grønne omstilling? Det kommer helt an på din definition af "den grønne omstilling". Hvad mener du her? Den årlige CO2-udledning? I så fald, så kan jeg da ikke se, at udviklingen skulle vende så hurtigt. [For vi udleder mere og mere for hvert år.](https://assets.weforum.org/editor/fYaKVMuEF9y-R526h_L8FYF6htkTVN2FYecijpzEz1M.png) EU er nok der, hvor CO2-udledningen falder mest, men [selv vi er ikke ret gode.](https://assets.weforum.org/editor/X2vZsH2i9pELtHWaTHo3pEvJtxZkWRxdw9UJteV0gxM.png) Vi udleder stort set det samme, som vi har udledt hvert år siden 1960. Bevares, det går da den rigtige retning, men slet ikke hurtigt nok. Forhåbentlig ændres det med klimaloven for 50% (eller var det 55%?) reduktion af 1990 niveau i 2030. Så går det da lidt hurtigere.
&gt; Kina er også langt over verdens-gennemsnittet. Vi ligger under Kina i gennemsnittet. Nej hvor fantastisk! Vi ligger under verdensproducenten nr. 1! Ærlig talt, det ville satme være ynkeligt, hvis vi lå ringere end Kina, når man tænker på deres enorme produktion af alt. &gt; Derudover er atmosfæren ligeglad med både befolkningstal og hvilke lande der gør hvad. CO2 i atmosfæren er øger drivhuseffekten ligegyldig hvem der gør det. Helt korrekt. &gt; Du har ret i at etisk set burde alle lande gå efter at udlede mindst muligt og derfor har de mest udledende lande pr. indbygger et moralsk imperativ til at sænke deres mere end lande der udleder lidt pr. indbygger. En Amerikaner har ikke moralsk ret til at udlede mere end en afrikaner. &gt; (...) &gt; Dette betyder at der skal ske noget politisk i Kina, fordi hvis regeringen i Kina tager det her alvorligt så rykker det enormt. Præcis. Men den vigtigste årsag er, at det ville være hyklerisk at kræve, at f.eks. Kina sænker deres udledning, hvis vi ikke samtidig selv gør noget. &gt;Det er derfor folk ligger pres på Kina. De udleder dobbelt så meget som nummer 2. Det er rigtigt de er mange mennesker og det er også derfor at en politisk løsning i Kina rykker mere end en i Qatar. Kina gør da også mere end f.eks. USA. Så det er da ikke dem, vi skal være efter. Vi skal være efter dem, der ikke gør noget for at reducere deres udledning. F.eks. olielandene, USA, Australien, Canada, og vi skal i EU selv gå forrest og vise, at det kan lade sig gøre og samtidig lægge pres på resten for at følge med mod at de får gunstige handelsaftaler, hvis de følger trop. Jeg bryder mig ærlig talt ikke om den hetz mod Kina ift. CO2-udledning. De skal udlede mest, da de har flest indbyggere. Det er fuldstændig hyklerisk, når man hører amerikanere brokke sig over deres udledning. Fait nok at være imod Kina grundet deres brutale styre og behandling af minoriteter (f.eks. muslimerne i det nordvestlige område). Vi skal have vores på plads, og så kan vi presse Kina politisk med noget større seriøsitet bag ordene.
Hard disagree there. At least communists have a noble ideal rather than the purified degeneracy that is the ideal of Übermensch and classifying everybody else as Undermensch. That arrogance and willful ignorance of the natural sciences is far worse than any communist ideal. That, and communism could have a very bright future once we hit AI singularity. What other option do we have than socialism/communism once 95% of the population is unemployable? At that point, it will be socialism or dystopian future where the 0.0(insert arbitrary number of 0s)01% own 99% of all assets because they own the AI overlords. But until then, probably 50-100 years into the future, socialism and communism are unworkable systems. Not actively bad like Nazism, but simply useless.
Never heard of it, but I use Ratebeer to discover new beers, breweries, and beer bars.
There's a very low chance for Big Navi and Zen 3 in Q2-3. I'd put it below 10% that just one of them is released before the end of summer. Big Navi could come late summer, but there's no way Zen 3 will be ready by then. Zen 3 is a complete CPU redesign, making it the biggest change since the original Zen architecture in 2017. Add to this that the release cadence is between 12-18 months anyway, and it becomes very unlikely that the biggest update yet will come towards the early part of the release schedule rather than the later part. My prediction for Zen 3 is a November release. I don't see it happening before then. Big Navi could happen earlier or at the same time. I don't have enough information to make a prediction either way, but I don't think it will be released during the summer. We would've had teasers by now if that was the case. I think we'll see teasers at Computex with a release in the early autumn, maybe later along with Zen 3 or maybe earlier in August.
Efter min forståelse, så undervurderer du drivhuseffektens virkning på klimaet. Ja, stigningen ligger "kun" på 1°C over normalen fra ca. 1800, men det betyder ikke 1°C højere temperaturer i den danske vinter end ellers. Nej, effekten er langt voldsommere. Den har også en finger med i spillet i snestormen i Spanien, hvor højere temperaturer skaber mere fordampning fra havene, som så resulterer i kraftigere vinde og mere nedbør, f.eks. som en voldsommere snestorm end ellers. &gt; Det er efter min ydmyge mening mindst 95% naturlige udsving, der skyldes dette års varmere vinter Jeg er ikke klimatolog, så det kan jeg ikke kommentere på direkte. Men min forståelse taler i en helt anden retning. Jo, det er da primært naturen, der styrer udsvingene, men min opfattelse ligger noget længere mod 50% end 5%. Men det kommer jo helt an på, hvordan man definerer de tal. Jeg er ikke i tvivl, uden klimakrisen kunne vi ikke have haft en så varm vinter. Statistikkerne taler jo sit tydelige sprog. [Varmeste vinter nogensinde målt i Danmark var i 2007 (går ud fra, at det er 2006-2007)](https://www.dmi.dk/vejrarkiv/vejrekstremer-danmark/) på 4,7°C som gennemsnitstemperatur. I første halvdel af denne vinter [var gennemsnitstemperaturen 4,9°C.](https://jyllands-posten.dk/indland/trafik/ECE11883881/dmis-forudsigelse-holdt-stik-saadan-lyder-spaadommen-for-anden-halvdel-af-vinteren/) Vi kan altså meget vel slå rekorden igen, to gange på under 20 år ud af en statistik, der går 135 år tilbage. I linket er indsat [et tweet fra DMI,](https://twitter.com/dmidk/status/1218148531015471105?) som viser antallet af år, hvor man har målt &gt;10°C i januar måned, som også taler et ret tydeligt sprog. Men mest markant er da målingerne på &gt;12°C i januar måned, som kun er sket 3 gange siden 1874, og første gang var i 2005. Vi får måske (eller har måske allerede fået?) fjerde gang i år. Det er jo helt vanvittigt, at der sker en så stor ændring på så kort tid. &gt; så snart vejret så vender igen. Jeg er ikke helt enig, da de modsatte ekstremer netop også er et delvist resultat af klimakrisen.
Her er jeg så helt enig. Men hvad gør det ved procenterne? 🤔
&gt; And what exactly is that? Getting free shit? Sharing produce and profits rather than letting those who happen to own the corporations reap the benefits of the labour that produced them. &gt; If, if, if, if. Most computer scientists believe it is a question more of when than if. I choose to follow the conclusions of the experts in the field rather than having faith in my own ignorant opinion. How would you or I know? Best listen to the experts in the field.
&gt; So fuck small business owners Always the small business owner comeback. With the current system, small business owners own less and less every day as they large corporations outpace them or buy them. But I don't see how it's at all relevant? AI singularity will make them vanish anyway. &gt; So you're assuming something is going to occur just because some people insist that it will. Nice. And you think nothing will happen and the world will just stay static, because when has it ever done that? If we assume that progress will continue, in whatever pace, we will eventually reach AI singularity. Is there a hard limit to progress? There might be, but I don't see one. It seems like you do though, so where do you think it is?
Depends on the cabinet. The former US diplomat to Denmark, Rufus Gifford, under Obama was the most well-liked diplomat I can think of, and he liked the country as well. But under Trump? Who is surprised that his picks are corrupt and incredibly ill-fit for the position?
I don't think anyone here is unaware of this, so I don't see what your point is. BMI is accurate enough for everybody who would ever think to use it. Bodybuilders or athletes won't use it because they know it's not useful for them.
No, I haven't, but I haven't put much time into it either. I think the problem lies with the Steam Controller, but I have no idea how to solve it.
I see you've been drinking the Trump Kool Aid, so I doubt you'll believe facts if they hit you in the face. But I'll give it a shot anyway. &gt; heavy lockdown areas saw zero improvement vs zero lockdown areas, no direct correlation. Facts, get some. All right then. Compare Sweden with its neighbouring countries, Denmark and Norway. Denmark and Norway quickly shut down in early March, while Sweden mostly kept business as usual with only minor restrictions at first. Their number of deaths show that the lockdowns in Denmark and Norway had a huge effect. I'm interested to hear how you'll manage to twist this into a Democrat smear campaign against your dear leader.
&gt; Adfærd som ligger som grund for PTSD og overvægt er arveligt. Vi kalder "arvelig adfærd" for miljøets påvirkning. Børnene observerer hvordan forældrene spiser og lærer samme madvaner. Tykke forældre får derved tykke børn, mens normalvægtige forældre får normalvægtige børn. Ligesom forældre, der ikke har være ude for krigstraumer fører til, at deres børn lider overlast med øget risiko for neurotiske lidelser, misbrug, og kriminalitet. Du må også meget gerne lige uddybe den del om, at det er adfærd, der forårsager PTSD. Det lyder ret vanvittigt at påstå, at din egen adfærd bestemmer, om der udbryder borgerkrig, der hvor du bor.
Great points! And we've seen this in past data. I read an article from half a year ago or so which stated that the price for the same capacity has fallen by over 70% from 2012 to 2019. That's insane, and it just keeps going! Combined with renewable energy developments and they've already overtaken gas peakers in production costs up to 4 hour periods. I don't think it will be long until we'll see it competing favourably on much longer timescales, which would allow for a situation where renewables and batteries outcompetes fossil fuels on price per joule produced alone while still allowing for situations of days with too low solar production and/or low wind production due to weather effects. It's an exciting time to live in, but I just hope it's not too late to mitigate most of the damages caused by climate change.
It seems to be an uncommon problem. Otherwise, everyone would've been making threads about it as it makes the game unplayable.
Jeg forstår ikke helt dine første to sætninger. Siger du, at miljø spiller en rolle på meget færre ting? Eller hvordan skal jeg forstå det? Siger du, at det er nemt at måle "genetiske effekter"? Øh... Hvordan det, når vi ikke kan læse generne og ikke har den fjerneste idé om, præcis hvad de gør?
&gt; Det eneste positive ved kortet er, at vi slipper for Fyn Hov hov! Fyn er fin! Det er jo hjertet af Danmark!
&gt; Men meget af det miljø er måske allerede overstået i fosterstadiet. Det er teknisk set korrekt, men jeg er ret sikker på, at det tæller med i dine 50% af adfærden skyldes genetik. For ellers vil jeg meget gerne se en meget konkret kilde på de 50%, og præcis hvad det indebærer. &gt; men vi ved utrolig lidt om det. Og dog ved vi langt mere om det end genetikken, hvor vi famler i blinde og udelukkende kører på korrelation.
Nå okay. Jamen så påstår jeg, at genetik kun tæller 10%, og at det står i alle gode psykologibøger. Hvis du ikke kan komme med belæg for din påstand, så giver jeg ikke meget for den. De tal om med "70%" og "50%" er estimater baseret på generelle tendenser. Det er ikke nogen hard fact, at det er sådan det hænger sammen i alle tilfælde. Hvis du fandt det menneske, der genetisk bestemmes til den højeste intelligens af alle mennesker og lod dem vokse op i total isolation uden nogen social kontakt eller fysisk stimulans, så ville du ende med et misdannet menneske, som ikke ville fungere og med en intelligens som en evnesvag. Er det et tilfælde, hvor 70% af intelligensen styres af genetikken, eller overtrumfer miljøet selvom det kun skulle stå for 30%? Kan du se problemet? Derfor vil jeg gerne have dig til at komme med en konkret definition på, hvad du helt præcis mener, når du slynger om dig med 70% og 50% genetisk bestemte egenskaber.
That, and I'd expect the purpose behind owning guns is quite different as well. In Finland, you need a permit, and half the Finns who own firearms do so because of hunting, and the rest because of sport. I'm Danish, and I can relate to that. Technically, my grandfather owns about 3-4 old hunting rifles, but I wouldn't say he has a gun because it's never out in the open. It's always locked in place, and it's not exactly the kind of gun you'd use for violence. That's not the case when Americans buy hand guns or semi automatic rifles for "protection".
The vast majority of gun owners in the US never go hunting.
Switzerland has much stricter gun laws than the US in regards to how you can purchase the guns and how to store them. But yes, there are other factors at play as well. But that doesn't mean guns are not an important factor. [Harvard has a research centre dedicated to the effects firearms has on society.](https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/hicrc/firearms-research/)
&gt; People understimate how deadly knives are. You just need to get a bit closer but once you are within reach... It still takes a lot more to kill with a knife than with a gun. You need to stab someone in a critical area, which can only really be done deliberately. Meanwhile, with guns it's just pulling a trigger and you roll the dice. &gt; There are 3-4 people injured by guns for every killed one on average. No, this is incorrect. The figure is barely over 2 injuried for everyone killed, at least [in the US:](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_violence_in_the_United_States) &gt; In 2013, there were 73,505 nonfatal firearm injuries (23.2 injuries per 100,000 people),[7][8] and 33,636 deaths due to "injury by firearms" (10.6 deaths per 100,000 people). This was the first hit that popped up. How does this compare with knives? I found some [data on this from London:](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5137642/) &gt; A total of 938 knife injuries were identified from 127,191 attendances (0.77% of all visits) with a case fatality rate of 0.53%. That's 200 injuries to every death! That makes guns almost 100 times more deadly than knives. So yes, firearms are deadlier than knives. Far deadlier. That doesn't mean you cannot kill with a knife, but it just takes more effort and you're likely to stop stabbing before you've killed your victim. That's not the case with guns.
If you're not implying a why, then what's the point in bringing it up in the first place? The guy you commented under made a proposal for the why, so why answer it as a who question when that's not relevant?
Do you have a link for the study instead so I can read the actual research? A picture from imgur that claims to be from the Bureau of Justice is not necessarily reliable. EDIT: After a bit of search, I found it used on another subreddit where it was called false: r/Destiny/comments/85wjd3/new_data_for_assessing_the_jontron_claim_of/ It says that the BoJ doesn't combine wealth and race statistics, which is certainly also what I've found when I tried to find a 2006 study from the BoJ that could confirm your data. So where exactly did you get that picture? I'm now even more interested in reading the study where the data is from. Here's the closest I got to a 2006 BoJ study on homicide statistics: https://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/cvus06.pdf It said that the FBI handles homicide statistics. So why would your picture claim that the source is the BoJ?
There are about 11 million hunters in the US: https://theknow.denverpost.com/2019/09/16/hunting-numbers-declining/223765/ Yes, that's more than I thought. But still, very few compared to the 120 guns per 100 people.
&gt; You just need to stab randomly. Yeah, and if you do, you need to stab repeatedly. Which again, requires more effort than pulling a trigger. My point is that accidentally killing someone you shoot would be more common than accidentally killing someone you stab. Say two people become aggressive towards each other. In one scenario, they both pull a knife, while in the other, they both pull a gun. Where do you think there is the highest risk of death? &gt; Just consider the size of ah average knife and of the average bullet. You do realize that gun shots cause the tissue to expand, right? &gt; Im pretty sure a lot of gun shot wounds gets unreported. And this wouldn't be the case for knives, because? &gt; On the other hand, there is a lot of ways you can get injured by a knife that doesnt involve violence. Accidental shootings happen as well. But yes, I'll grant you that accidental injury is more common with knives. &gt; Also, most of those US gun deaths are suicides, the sad fact is that a suicide very likely to succeed if you use a gun. It's about 2:1 suicides to homicides. Even removing suicides would still leave us at about 6 injuries for every homicide by gun or accidental death by gun.
Table 6 is not at all the same as the picture you linked. I'm asking specifically for a source for the picture you've shared. That is, the 2006 homicide rates from the Bureau of Justice. Not a different study from 1999. Where did you get that picture? And can you explain exactly what it means? Is the homicide rate counting victims or murderers? Because the 1999 study counted victims. The only thing you've shown then is that black people are victims of homicide to a disproportionally high degree. Which is not what you claimed initially. You said "Richer blacks commit more crimes than poorer whites." But your source doesn't say that. It just says that richer blacks are more often victims of crime than poorer whites. So again, that's why I'd like to read the 2006 BoJ study. &gt; Cringe! That's the only place where I saw the source being discussed. It was used other places, like in a /pol/ thread, but without referring to where it came from.
&gt; Have you actually ever shot a pistol? I've shot air guns at targets, and I've shot a hunting rifle. Yes, it's difficult to hit at range. But it's easier to hit at range than with a knife, obviously. &gt; If you shoot or stab someone by accident, youve done something very, very wrong. No, I'm saying that it's easier to slash someone in the arms and then have one of the knife fighters flee the scene than shooting someone and having the other flee. &gt; If hey both pull knives, chances are they both bleed to death before any help comes, unless one of them is much more skilled. No, I disagree. The body is quite resilient. I'd argue that one of them will be injured and flee unless the other part really wants to kill them. But in a knife fight, that's generally not the objective. The objective is to either defeat the other guy or defend yourself. Both objectives are achieved once the other guy is injured and doesn't want to fight anymore. Why? Because it's far more probable that you'll hit an arm than the neck or some other vital spot because the other guy will use his arm for protection and it will be closer to you. In a gun fight? You don't really have much say in whether you're shooting to kill or shooting to injure. There is far less control over this than with a knife, exactly because hitting precisely with a gun is far more difficult than with a knife. &gt; Pistol rounds are mostly too slow to really cause hydrostatic shock. I'm not talking about hydrostatic shock. I'm talking about the kinds of wounds you see when you search for gun wound in google images. That kind of damage. Which is the reason why it's more difficult to treat and more lethal than stab wounds, as per what the UK surgeon said. &gt; Bleeding is very dangerous and its not that hard to cut a major blood vessel with a long slash. But still less likely that to fatally shooting someone.
&gt; Der er ikke meget tvivl på området. Det er jo præcis det her jeg anfægter. Der er ikke andet end tvivl på området, da vi ikke kan læse generne. Vi ved ikke, hvad generne koder for, og derfor er det umuligt at afgøre præcist. Derfor er der jo netop tvivl. Det beskrives meget godt her: https://www.sciencenewsforstudents.org/article/your-dna-open-book-cant-yet-be-fully-read Vi kan se bogstaverne, men vi forstår endnu ikke sproget. Du kan ikke bakke dine påstande op, fordi de ikke er sande. Det er derfor, du ikke kommer med nogle links. De findes ikke.
Hvad er der galt med kulturen og samfundet? :O
Yeah, but the US has more guns than people. With that many guns, criminals don't need to go through the hurdles of obtaining illegal weapons.
People disagree because they don't like the prospect of selling out your values. Democracy and human rights shouldn't be something that can be bribed away.
&gt; So access to the gun does not correlate to suicide rate. If so our number would be way higher. No, this is a misunderstanding of how statistics work. Gun ownership and access to guns increase the risk of suicide. But because it's not the only factor at play and because other factors are more significant, that trumps out gun ownership. You're 34th in suicide, which is close to 45th. But considering that Japan's infamy regarding suicide, they're 30th. You're barely behind Japan, which is much less than ideal. Your suicide rate is notably higher than in Western Europe, where only Belgium and Sweden rank higher at 22nd and 32nd, respectively. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_suicide_rate There are studies on the link between gun ownership and suicide risk: https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/news/magazine/guns-and-suicide/ EDIT: Another redditor provided some good evidence to support this idea by looking at Australia where most guns were outlawed, and they saw a sharp reduction in suicide rates as a result: https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/gwhbes/firsttime_gun_owners_at_risk_for_suicide_major/fsvo6rb/
Ja okay. Det er ikke så meget et problem med danskhed så. Det er et problem med åndssvage turister.
Jeg smed det lige ind i Google Translate og oversatte det fra svensk til finsk. Her er resultatet. Held og lykke med det! Toivoen naapurin virkaan ja toivoen onnittelut myös Suomesta
&gt; (medmindre han blot er et sagn, hvilket også er muligt). Dan var sagnkonge, dvs. noget, der blev opdigtet senere. Fortællingerne om Dan og Angel kan sagtens have taget udgangspunkt i en historisk "kong Dan", men en sådan "konge" ville nok nærmere være at betegne som en stormand i et bestemt område af Danmark langt inden der var noget sammenhængende Danmark. Han kan have haft en titel lignende konge, men han var nok snarere bare en ledende stormand i f.eks. Nordsjælland eller på Fyn eller over et andet, mindre område. Vi ville nok nærmere betegne ham som høvding og hærfører - en "warlord". Hvis der havde været en egentlig stor kongemagt i den periode, så ville vi nok have haft romerske kilder til at fortælle om det. Jeg mener at have læst, at en romersk kejser på et tidspunkt var en tur til Jylland. Hvis ikke jeg husker forkert, så var det Tiberius inden han gik hen og blev kejser, men Det var i al fald inden vedkommende blev kejser. Der har altså været kontakt nok til, at de romerske statsledere ville have kendt de nordiske høvdinger i området. At de ikke fortæller om nogen egentlig kongemagt siger en del. Det er i al fald min forståelse af situationen som historiestuderende og historieinteresseret :)
Disse er historiske personer, og de har været konger af danske områder. Men det var i en tid, hvor der ikke var et samlet Danmark. De var stadig mere en slags warlords over et lille geografisk område end egentlige konger over nationer.
Det kan der selvfølgelig være noget om. Der er jo altid fordele og ulemper ved ny teknologi.
Jeg læser historie. Jeg forholder mig til den undervisning, som jeg har modtaget om emnet. Jeg har endnu ikke haft et områdefag om perioden, så jeg er ikke vildt godt inde i det. Jeg skriver, at de ledte små geografiske områder. Her tænker jeg ikke på en ø som Samsø, men et større område som f.eks. halvdelen af Jylland eller Fyn eller Sjælland, eller måske halvdelen af det nuværende Danmark. Men altså ikke et samlet Danmark. Hvorfor? Fordi vi, så vidt jeg har forstået, ikke har kilder om eksistensen af en så stor og dominerende magt. Sigfred har sikkert kunne holde frankerne i skak på den nordlige front, da det jo langt fra har været frankernes eneste krig på daværende tidspunkt, da Karl den Store jo netop er så kendt for at have ekspanderet det frankiske kongerige i et sådant omfang, at det blev anset som aftageren til Romerriget. Karl den Store har jo ikke været dum. Hvilke interesser skulle han have i at strække sit rige så langt mod nord til fjendtlige og fattige områder? Han ønskede kontrol over de saksiske områder, der grænsede til de frankiske territorier. Hvorfor gå længere end det, når det var mod syd, at han kunne finde langt større magt og rigdom? Jeg har ikke hørt om Sigfred i min undervisning. Som jeg forstod det ønskede Karl den Store at undertvinge sakserne, så de stoppede med at plyndre langs den nordøstlige grænse af Frankerriget. Han har ikke haft interesse i at fremprovokere en krig med magthaverne længere nord eller øst end sakserne. For hvad skulle han dog få ud af det? &gt; Der er jo også fundet bevis (i form af en støbeform) på at kristendommen eksisterede i Danmark fra før Haralds tid. Det har været i yderst begrænset omfang. I den tidlige middelalder blev kristendommen spredt til eliten og senere bønderne. Introduction to Medieval Europe 300-1500 bruger i kapitel 2 begrebet "delayed social and delayed mental penetration" om denne proces. Man omvendte først magthaverne, og da magthaverne ansås for at eje bønderne, ja så anså man dem også for at være kristne pr. automatik, når blot deres "ejer" var døbt, og så var missionen en succes. Dernæst skulle bønderne overtales til også at begynde at tro på Kristi, men det var en længere proces (delayed social penetration). Overgangen fra hedning til kristen har også været en flydende proces mere end et egentligt brud. Det ses ved at flere konger blev døbt uden egentlig at være kristne, og fortsatte med at tilbede de hedenske guder efter dåben. Det kunne være for en sikkerheds skyld. Hvad nu, hvis sandheden lå i den ene religion fremfor den anden? Så var det bedre at være dækket ind ved at tilbede begge (delayed mental penetration). Det ses også ved det forfatterne kalder "syncretism", med hvilket der skal forstås en slags sammenblanding eller fusionering af de hedenske religioner og kristendommen. F.eks. hedder det jul efter den hedenske tradition fremfor kristmesse som det engelske christmas. Julen blev lagt ved vintersolhverv, og blev derved en kristen tilpasning af de forskellige hedenske og romerske traditioner, der lå forud. Eller den romerske og de hedenske midsommerfester/-gilder, som fik ændret formål under kristendommen og blev i stedet til ære for Johannes Døberen (Skt. Hans aften). Hele begrebet om helgener er jo i bund og grund dybt ukristent, da det går stik imod monoteismen, men det er et eksempel på en nødvendig "syncretism". I stedet for at forsøge at få hedninge til at holde op med at tilbede hedenske guder, så overbeviste missionærerne dem i stedet om, at deres hedenske guder faktisk var kristne helgener. Dermed kunne hedningene tilbede både deres oprindelige guder og den nye kristendom. I denne situation var det vigtigere for missionærerne, at de fik omvendt hedningene til trods alt at følge den kristne tro ved at gå lidt på kompromis med den strenge doktrin. At kristendommen ikke har ramt eliten i Danmark for alvor før Harald Blåtand siger noget om, at kristendommen ikke har kunne være ret udbredt før det. Ikke at man ikke har forsøgt. Karl den Stores søn, Ludvig den Fromme, gjorde forsøget gennem ærkebispesædet i Bremen-Hamburg, men uden det store held. En sådan støbeform kan sagtens være blevet bragt af missionærer fra den tid uden at have haft den store effekt. &gt; at Harald blåtand blev kristen på grund af Poppo og ikke på grund af truslen fra kejser Otto Det er helt rigtigt, at Harald Blåtand højst sandsynligt "blev kristen" af udenrigspolitiske årsager. Samtidig med truslen fra kejseren, så kan Harald også have frygtet, at paven kunne have erklæret korstog mod danerne. Det havde jo været en karastrofe. &gt; Du er godt klar over at katolicismen dengang elskede at omskrive eller helt slette fortiden, ik? Du er godt klar over at katolicismen dengang elskede at omskrive eller helt slette fortiden, ik? Tror du virkelig at det er tilfældigt at vi har så mange runesten som er brugt i kirkemure? For det tror jeg ikke, jeg tror på at det er for at skjule sandheden for at få fat i disse sten ville idag og i højere gand dengang, være blasfemi. Jeg forstår ikke, hvor du vil hen med det. Hvad er din pointe? Hvad er det for en "sandhed" du taler om?
&gt; Sankt Beda beskriver at Blandt Anglerne, Saxerne og Juterne da skiller Juterne sig ud ved at de har en form for kristen tro. Interessant. Det har jeg aldrig hørt om før. Hvor har du læst det? Det kunne jeg godt tænke mig at læse mere om :) &gt; Runestenene er der fundet flere af gennem renoveringer af danske kirker. Det er jeg klar over, men jeg har aldrig hørt om, at nogen af stenene skulle indeholde vigtig historisk information, som er det, der er din teori ift. at kirken skulle have gemt informationer fra oldtiden på den måde. &gt; Tro du bare hvad du vil og jeg tror så på mit. Det er den fundamentale forskel i vores opfattelse. Jeg "tror" ikke på nogen bestemt historie eller noget bestemt udlæg af historien. Jeg læser kilderne og forskernes udlæg, og derpå bruger jeg det til at danne mig en forståelse, som er i konstant forandring. At følge en bestemt retning blindt er en enorm fejl, hvis du spørger mig, og især når den er udformet af en, der ikke er historiker, og derfor ikke har nogen relevant faglig træning eller ekspertise. Du vælger vel heller ikke at lytte mere til din bankmand end din elektriker, når det kommer til elinstallationer?
Det giver mere mening at sige, at den "rigtige" hue er rød, da den trods alt har eksisteret mere end 100 år længere end de blå huer fra de andre gymnasier, som først kom i 70'erne.
&gt; we know that a woman is XX and a man is XY Even ignoring trans people, this still ignores the small minority of intersex people who were raised as the opposite sex of their genes without knowing it because they can look physically indistinguishable from their sex assigned at birth. Examples include XY women with [XY gonadal dysgenesis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XY_gonadal_dysgenesis) or XY women with [CAIS.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Complete_androgen_insensitivity_syndrome) There's an old picture of an XY woman with CAIS who has never undergone hormonal therapy. [She looked like this.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/01/Complete_androgen_insensitivity_syndrome.jpg) Calling these people "men" would be ridiculous. They were assigned as girls at birth, grew up as ordinary girls, went through puberty as ordinary girls, and then by chance went to the doctor for some issue and found out they have XY chromosomes. Does that mean they "faked" being a girl and a woman? Does that mean the doctors, that you say we should listen to, were wrong when they noted down "female" to describe their sex? Does it completely invalidate their life experiences? Or does it simply mean that there's more to sex and gender than just chromosomes? Historically, you're also completely wrong. Until DNA was discovered, man and woman was defined by the genitals. You're the one redefining the term to fit what *you* believe makes the most sense, and yet you have the arrogance to call it a *fact*. Unbelievable. Also, quit your bullshit. You're not an environmental scientist. If I'm wrong about that, then tell me about your PhD thesis and I'll apologize.
Do you realize how many standard deviations above the norm men are in regards to physical strength and other physical factors? If trans women are allowed to compete with women with no restriction, meaning no requirement for hormonal therapy, then we'd assume they'd be physically equal to men in terms of performance, right? No, I realize that the majority of trans women go through hormone therapy. But let's assume that 10% don't. Is that a high bar? Well, perhaps it's higher than what the numbers say now. But if you're a competitive trans athlete who is driven by performance, and you know that hormone therapy is optional, would you do it, knowing full well that it will limit your performance? We know that a lot of athletes cheat by using steroids, jeopadizing their health. If they're willing to do that, don't you think at least 10% of trans female athletes (is that the right term?) would decline hormone therapy? Let's take an example of an iconic, short, explosive discipline, the 100m dash. We all know the fastest time is Usain Bolt's 9,58 seconds. Who's the fastest woman? Florence Griffith-Joyner at 10,49 seconds. How much of a gap is this? Well, about 2000 men have run 10,30 or faster. If there is 1 trans woman who wouldn't take hormone therapy for every 10 trans women who do, and 10 trans women for every 2000 men, then there'd be about 1 trans woman who'd break the women's world record by 0,2 seconds. Let's change it up a bit then. Why don't we go through seasonal bests for men instead? That leaves us about 800 men who ran 10,49 or faster in 2019. Divide by 2000, and we get 0,4 trans women, or 1 every 3 years who'd be fast enough to equal the world record. But how fast were women in 2019? The fastest time was 10,71. There were 2223 men who ran at 10,71 or faster in 2019. Divide by 2000 and we're left with about 2 trans women without hormone therapy who'd run as fast. That's 2/3 on the podium. Do you see how that could be a problem? Do you realize why there at least needs to be some restrictions regarding trans women competing with cis women? If not, then what do you disagree with? My method for finding the result, or that the result showing that trans women could potentially win 2 out of 3 times is problematic? I'm not saying that trans women should be barred from competing as women. I'm saying, like OP, that there needs to be some regulations in place to make it fair. Yes, trans women should be allowed to compete fairly with women. Statistically, that means our aim should to land somewhere around 1 in every 200 races being won by a trans woman, if indeed there are 1 trans woman for every 200 cis women.
&gt; No, it's not. Those are just people with genetic disorders. And it doesn't change the fact that there is just men and women. Oh, so they're just men and everyone throughout their life, including themselves, were wrong? So, how do you proceed when a 30-year-old XY person who presents as a woman, looks like a woman in every way and behaves like a woman in every way? Do you tell her, "no, sorry sweetie. You can't act like a woman any longer because you're a man. Time for testosterone so you can look like a man."? Or do you let her live her life as a woman, as she would if she never went to the doctor in the first place? &gt; That's like saying that you can't say human beings have 2 arms anjd 2 legs No, it's not. It's like saying "most human beings are born with 2 arms and 2 legs, but not all". Which would be correct. By following your analogy, you're saying that all human beings are born male or female, which would be equivalent to saying that "all human beings are born with 2 arms and 2 legs". Which would be false, as is saying that all human beings are born as male or female. &gt; These people aren't faking, but they're not women, they could never gotten pregnant, they didn't have the hardware to get pregnant (so don't give me the easy argument of women who can't have children or get pregnant, becuase they have everything else to be pregnant, these guys don't) [Yes, they actually can.](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/mostly-male-woman-gives-birth-to-twins-in-medical-miracle-10033528.html) Many of them have an underdeveloped uterus and just lack ovaries. That means they cannot get pregnant in the traditional way, but they can with a donor egg. That wouldn't make the biological mothers, but you could take it a step further and insert the XY woman's DNA into an empty egg cell and some XY women would be able to both become pregnant and give birth to their own biological child as a biological mother. That last step is not economically feasible yet, but it's possible. That, and not all women have a uterus or ovaries either, [like this woman.](https://patient.info/forums/discuss/born-without-ovaries-634173) So your criterium of needing "the hardware" necessary to become pregnant and give birth leaves out a significant share of women. &gt; There's everything you want for gender, like I said, currently it doesn't mean anything based on facts. Correct. Gender is a construct, while sex is not. I agree with that. &gt; But not sex, there are 2 sexes, and genetic diseases that don't make up for a new sex or something in the middle. So outward appearance as well as pregnancy and birth don't matter, and only the chromosomes do. XY is male and XX is female. Even if that was all that mattered, you'd still have [men with Klinefelter syndrome](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Klinefelter_syndrome) who have XXY chromosomes, or [women with Turner syndrome](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turner_syndrome) who have just a single X chromosome. By your definition of only XY as male and only XX as female, individuals with XXY land squarely in the middle. But you just said that something in the middle doesn't exist? So is there something in the middle, or can men have two X chromosomes, and can women have just one X chromosome? And that doesn't even include those who have [both XX and XY chromosomes in different tissues.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/46,XX/46,XY) Are they man, woman, or do they fall somewhere in the middle? &gt; This is a really lay argument, and I'm surprised you used it shamelessly. This doesn't matter, people in the past used to be wrong about everything. That's like saying that I'm wrong when I bring up the germ theory of diseae, because people in the past were ignorant about it. Wow Well, no. It doesn't mean they were wrong in the past. I just means they had a different definition of what male and female meant. You can't design a scientific test to see if the definition of a word is wrong. For instance, the ratio between the circumference and diameter is a mathematical constant equal to π or about 3,1415 and so on. The value is unchanging, just as human biology is unchanging. But we could easily choose to call it something else than π, and we could even decide that the value should be 2 instead. Nothing about the maths would change. There'd be 2 diameters for the circumference. But if we did that, then the value of every number we've defined, except 0, would change to fit our new definition of π = 2. 1 would be equal to half of π. The math would be the same, albeit incredibly convoluted and difficult to work with, but it wouldn't break the system on any fundamental level. In the same way, you've chosen to define the words man and woman as meaning XY chromosomes or XX chromosomes. A different definition could be looking at their external genitalia. Penis = man, vulva = woman. The human beings wouldn't change, but who ends up as a woman and who ends up as a man would. And there'd be some left-overs with neither a penis or a vulva, or both, or neither, or any mix between. However we choose to define the biological sex, there'd always be [intersex people](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intersex) who don't conform to the definition. Calling them genetic freaks doesn't change anything about that. So much for your "simple and clear idea". &gt; You don't need a PhD to be an environmental scientist, you can just have a double degree in environmental sciences and chemistry. How don't you know this? A scientist is someone who conducts scientific research to advance knowledge in a certain field. That's usually limited to people who have a PhD as this is the education that teaches you how to do scientific research. You're technically right that it doesn't require a PhD to do scientific research and make new findings, but neither does it require degrees in multiple fields. So why bring up that part? Being a scientist does, however, require that you conduct scientific research and produce knowledge in a certain field. So what knowledge have you produced? Or do you have a completely different definition of what "scientist" means, similar to your niche definition of man and woman? If so, please do share it.
&gt; But because you are an asshole. Oh, so that means I get to continue instead! Nice. &gt; The internet is a private creation, electricity was a private creation. Just because something begins as a private creation. It does not mean it can, should or has to remain so. Agreed. &gt; Often throughout history if a creation has become so unanimous with how people are able to live, they have been regulated in a way so the private companies cannot exclude people. Agreed, and it's a good thing that happens. &gt; The argument is that social media should be considered as one of these instances as it is now to consequential in the realm of human communication. Yes, it could. But by extension, Twitter and Facebook would lose their ability to decide that porn should be censored. Any kind of discriminatory action against certain types of speech would have to either be unregulated or regulated through legislation. You'd hand over the reins to the government with parliaments deciding how to discriminate, if at all. That would be the last thing the conservatives, who complain about censorship on social media, would want. More government and more bureaucracy. For instance, there's [these two great tweets by PragerU,](https://www.reddit.com/r/Libertarian/comments/cxxchw/freedom_for_me_but_not_for_thee/) which is about this topic. It's possibly the most hypocritical pair of tweets I've ever seen, [because PragerU sued YouTube for something similar.](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2020/02/first-amendment-doesnt-apply-on-youtube-judges-reject-prageru-lawsuit/) They're calling for the right of private businesses to discriminate against others, but sue YouTube when they're discriminated against. This just shows the kind of problems with this kind of lawsuit.
&gt; Speaking of, twitter allows porn I am pretty sure. It just has to be age gated if uploaded I think, not relevant though xD Which still makes it censored. PragerU has sued YouTube for similar treatment from YouTube. &gt; therefore as having a responsibility to not be politically bias. Even then, PragerU is not treated worse because of political bias, but because they spread disinformation. Radical left-wing extremists spreading communist propaganda would face the same treatment. I don't understand why you'd make a distinction between a bakery shop and YouTube. Sure, if YouTube had a monopoly, but they don't. They're by far the biggest, but there are a ton of different video hosting services out there, like Vimeo, and even Facebook. Also, I'd like to backtrack on my agreement with your statement that the internet and electricity were private creations. Yes, they were, but they were inventions that everyone could just make their own version of. Starting with the internet, it is in its very nature decentralized. The internet started as a way to communicate between two places, but even in its infancy, it was fundamentally decentralized, which is what made it explode and take over the world. There never was a single company who could in any way lay claim to own the internet. It's similar with electricity. Yes, there was some patent things going on, but once they ran out, there was nothing stopping someone else from setting up their own grid somewhere else. In the end, governments decided to take over control of it because of its utility, but also because of how difficult and wasteful it would be to have separate private grids compete against each other in the spirit of capitalism. And then we come back to the internet. The US government ought to treat it the same way as the electricity grid. But they don't. Internet access is owned by ISPs, and most of them operate in or close to monopolies. To compete against an existing ISP, you need to go to houses who already have internet and lay down new, competing cables. It's madness, which is why it has never worked. And that's why the US pays far higher prices for much lower speeds than across the pond. But by their very nature, social media is different. Sure, Facebook and Twitter each have what is essentially monopolies, but they compete against each other and everything is happening on their own servers. It's not like electric grids or the internet where you have to connect each citizen physically. No, with social media, everything happens locally on their servers. Switch them off or make them worse and a competitor could snatch it all without having to go through high costs of laying down a new internet or lectricity grids. Everything works on the same infrastructure. That makes it different.
I could see a Zen3+ for Ryzen 5000 on AM4, or some other kind of refresh. After all, AMD did say that Ryzen 4000 will be the last on B450 and X470, and that only B550 and X570 will support CPUs after that. Which ones could that be if not for a Zen3+ refresh? Who knows, but I wouldn't be surprised.
Ryzen 4000 is split between Renoir on Zen 2 for APUs and Vermeer on Zen 3 for desktop without graphics. Think about how Ryzen 3000 was split between Picasso on Zen+ for APUs and Matisse on Zen 2 for desktop without graphics. It's the same kind of deal here. We don't know how Ryzen 5000 will look yet. Leaks are suggesting Cezanne on Zen 3 for APUs, while desktop is split between rumours of Warhol on Zen3+ or Raphael on Zen 4. We don't know exactly when or how Zen 4 will appear, but we now have confirmation that it will be on a 5nm node.
Well then. Is the 2410M enough to last for another half a year? We don't know when Zen 3 will arrive. We have rumours suggesting September or October, and we have leaks suggesting the end of the year for launch and early next year for availability. You say rendering? Sounds like a 3600 at that kind of costs. Pair it with a B450, or B550 if you're patient, and you should be good to go.
I have actually never looked into it. Huh, that's a bit of a surprise. Thanks for letting me know so I don't make that mistake as well. The Zen 2 chiplet really is just tiny. Well, the rest of it is still correct. The reduction in power consumption and increased transistor density is far more important for mobile phones than for desktop.
How much is VAT where you live? Try to save a bit more for the 3600 or see if you can find a cheap 1600AF or 2600. Maybe try looking for a used 1700/1700X/1800X or 2700/2700X? If it's for rendering, then Zen 2 may not be ideal, and neither will Zen 3. Once Zen 3 launches, you'd probably be better off buying a discounted and higher core part on Zen 2 for the same price as a lower core Zen 3 part.
The distinction is that the internet or an electrical grid is not a private company, and never was. It's a fundamentally different thing, which is why it cannot be directly compared. I explained why they were different in a few ways. It's not just a single thing that makes them different. They're different on a few separate layers. The baker comparison works better. You go to a baker and they provide a service for you. You go to a social media platform and they provide a service for you. You don't go to the internet or the electrical grid to use its service anymore than you go to a road to use that as a service when you want to drive your car somewhere. &gt; Though I don't think anyone is arguing that the ability to share porn is the same as being able to share ones opinion i.e right to speech. Is being able to share disinformation the same as being able to share ones opinion? I'd prefer if PragerU shared porn instead of disinformation. That would be far better for society as a whole.
Oh wow, those are some horrible pricings. Where are you from? VAT is 25% where I live (20% of the end cost), and the 3600 costs about $200-205. 1600AF for $120 is a pretty good deal though. It costs about $130-135 where I live, or about $105 without VAT.
&gt; I think we need to address that elephant in the room Which is what?
&gt; Likewise social media could be considered a utility in that way. It has become to central to how society functions. I agree. But the comparison misses the part about social media being a dynamic and constantly shifting entity. One day, it's MySpace, the next day it's Facebook, the next it's Twitter, and they all compete against each other for similar markets. I don't see how nationalizing, say, Twitter would even work. Removing the private influence of Twitter from the platform and replacing it with... what? American legislation? What about users outside the US then? It quickly gets way more complicated than something I can see through. As for regulation against disinformation, I don't think it would make sense to require a burden of proof. I think it should be more similar to how scientific dishonesty is considered. An example where disinformation regulation could act could be the red NHS bus used for Brexit. We probably cannot prove that the campaigners knew that what they said was misleading. However, we can evaluate whether or not they *ought* to have known about it. If you're going to campaign on a promise like that, then you have a duty to make damn sure that it's not misinformation. If you fail to do that and it's false or significantly misleading, then an official ruling with an appropriate punishment should be in order. There shouldn't be some harsh 10+ years of jail, but probably a significant fine. Enough to warrant media coverage so that the misinformation is corrected. An analyst saying "this is misinformation" just doesn't carry as much weight as an official ruling on the matter would. It's similar with Dennis Prager. I cannot *prove* that he knows that he is spreading misinformation. But he *ought* to have a duty of care that what he says is true and informative. He's either grossly negligent or intentionally misleading his audience. In either case, I think he ought to be punished for it with legal action, if that is possible.
Fascinating move. It will be interesting to follow to see when the transition will occur.
&gt; This is not even close. Those people have genetic diseases, I don't buy the picture you send me for a second, I just didn't mention it to not make the debate longer. Oh, so now the pictures are fake because you don't agree with what it shows? How very scientific of you. I don't understand why you dismiss the pictures. If you looked at [where it came from,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Complete_androgen_insensitivity_syndrome.jpg) you'd realize that both have been used in academia, and both pictures were taken by [Charles B. Hammond of Duke University.](https://scholars.duke.edu/person/hammo005) You can even borrow one of the books for free [here.](https://archive.org/details/developmentalbio00gilb/page/532/) Turn to page 523 and the image to the right is shown and used as an example of an XY individual with a female phenotype. The author, Scott F. Gilbert, writes: &gt; The existence of these two independent systems of masculinization is demonstrated by people having androgen insensitivity syndrome. These XY individuals have the SRY gene, and thus have testes that make testosterone and AMH. However, they lack the testosterone receptor protein, and therefore cannot respond to testosterone made by their testes (Meyer et al. 1975). Because they are able to respond to estrogen made in their adrenal glans, they develop the female phenotype (Figure 17.11 [the picture in question]). However, despite their distinctly female appearance, these individuals do have testes, and even though they cannot respond to testosterone, they produce and respond to AMH. Thus, their Müllerian ducts degenerate. **These people develop as normal but sterile women**, lacking a uterus and oviducts and having testes in the abdomen. My emphasis in bold. A clear example that an academic in the relevant field disagrees with your claim about XY always being male. But even ignoring that, then how about I go through a few examples then? Eden Atwood, Kitty Anderson, Georgiann Davis, Phoebe Hart, Maria José Martínez-Patiño, Miriam van der Have, and Hanne Gaby Odiele are all XY women with AIS and they all look like women. You can call them genetic freaks, or whatever else you want. And sure, some intersex people "look like something is wrong with them", but so do many otherwise ordinary XY men and XX women. That an individual is not the shining example of a beautiful man or woman does not make them any less man or woman. And even if it did, it still doesn't change the fact that there are countless examples of people with XY chromosomes who were identified as women because they physically look like women. Not "like something is wrong with them", but like ordinary XX women. Like the picture I linked that you disagree with or the women above that I've listed. &gt; I think it's very intellectually dishonest to include those cases, I'm against transexuals, these people are not transexuals, they have very rare disorders. I know trans are not the sex they claim to be, these people I don't know, but it doesn't make my other point any less valid. My argument is not about trans people. My argument is about your false claim that it's a fact that only men or women exist, and that all men are XY and all women are XX. That's the claim I'm falsifying. And if that claim is the entire reason why you're against trans people, then perhaps being against trans people is suddenly not so rational any longer. Ffs. You call it intellectually dishonest. Give me a break. &gt; No, it's not a nomenclature problem, there are just two sexes in human beings, in healthy individuals one produces sperm and the other gets pregnant. Then what about the healthy XY women XX/XY women who can get pregnant? I already gave you one example of a woman who is 95% XY and 5% XX and gave birth. There's also Ewa Kłobukowska, a Polish athlete with XX/XY who have also given birth to a healthy boy. &gt; One has penises and the other has vaginas. Except when they don't, or when they have both, or when the woman has a penis and the man has a vagina. But typically? Sure. &gt; It's not complicated, and just becuase you add people with diseases it doesn't change that fact that there are only two sexes. I think you'll find that academia does not agree with your claim that being intersex is a disease. But be my guest. Find a somewhat recent scientific paper on the topic that mentions it as such. These claims of yours are the exact reason why I seriously doubt your claim about being a scientist. Whether something is considered a disease or disorder depends on whether or not it causes significant problems. If it doesn't, then on what basis can you call it a disease or disorder? Because it doesn't conform to the norm? Does that mean we ought to begin to say that everyone under or over a certain height now have a disease because they're different and because it can make their life a bit more complicated? No, that's nonsensical. Yes, some have gigantism where a tumor in their brain causes them to have abnormal, and ultimately fatal, growth. That's clearly what you'd refer to as a disease or disorder because it destroys the life of the person affected by it, and ultimately kills them. That's what makes it a disorder. Not that they're just taller than average. Even something like having 6 fingers on each hand is not always problematic. The vast majority will get the extra finger removed because it's non-functional, gets in the way, and can be painful, but some are born with 6 fully functional fingers on each hand with no issues being caused by this. Who are we to say that this is "wrong" just because it doesn't conform to the norm of 5 fingers on each hand? &gt; You can be a scientist and be a teacher and never advance anything in the field. You're still a scientist. This is nonsense talk How can you be a scientist without conducting science? It's literally how the word is defined. If you got a PhD and then never conducted any research afterwards, I wouldn't call you a scientist. I'd say that you have all the qualifications to conduct scientific research in a research facility. But if you never do any science, then how can you honestly claim to be a scientist?
&gt; The inherent problem with this idea is that it requires a person or group of people to adjudicate over what is scientifically honest Yes, which is something that already exists. Academics who publish junk science have their credentials revoked. &gt; accurate and true, and it requires them to be infallible and the scientific data to be absolutely accurate all the time. No, it absolutely does not. In many fields, most research ends up being disproven later because the study is too limited and the results came about as a result of random variance. That makes their result technically false. But if their methods are scientific in nature, then they've done nothing wrong. Take the aether example. That was the best explanation available at the time. That it turned out to be wrong does not make it unscientific. Or take Newton's laws. That's a model for how motion works. But we know it's inaccurate in certain cases, which is why we use special relativity instead when we deal with near-light speed, or general relativity when Newton's descriptions about gravity are provide too little accuracy than what we need. Does that make Newton's description wrong? No, it doesn't. It just means it's a simpler description of what we observe than general relativity. General relativity itself will be surplanted by an even more complete and general description that can also explain quantum mechanics. An area where general relativity just doesn't work. &gt; Galileo Galilei is a more obvious example, the church held the authority to determine what was true information and charged him with heresy for spreading his "disinformation". This is quite misleading. Up until his 1632 book which caused his charge of heresy, pope Urban VIII had actually supported him. But the book appeared to be an attack on the Church, which was what lead to his house arrest rather than his views on heliocentrism. Not to say heliocentrism wasn't controversial at the time, but it's a bit more complicated than "house arrest because of heliocentrism". Galilei's views on heliocentrism were opposed by astronomists because heliocentrism would result in differences in how stars shifted on the sky. Differences that could not be observed by the heliocentrism of Galilei and Copernicus because most astronomers at the time, including Galilei and Copernicus, wrongly assumed circular orbits of the planets rather than the eliptical orbits that we now know to exist. Kepler had actually published his laws of planetary motion between 1609 and 1619, and these helped explain Galilei and Copernicus' heliocentrism by assuming eliptical orbits. But measurements were still too inaccurate to outright confirm one model rather than the other, which explains why most astronomers went with the old model by default. That's not really such a bad default position when you consider that most new findings turn out not to result in a new paradigm. &gt; So how would you suggest we account and correct - to the highest degree possible of course - for the fact that whoever adjudicates, like all humans, will be flawed and not omniscient. They will have biases in some form, including confirmation bias. As well as Without question in fact have incorrect information on some occasions which, therefor they would fine and punish people who had the correct information? Because their job is not to figure out if something is true or not, but instead to question and evaluate the methods used to reach the conclusion. I could make a guess on the impact CO2 has on the atmosphere, and it could turn out to be completely accurate by chance. Or I could methodically examine the relevant factors through measurements and then calculate a value for the exact same question. The calculated value could even turn out to be completely wrong because there could be a factor missing that nobody knew about. But if my methods are sound, then that wrong value would still be better than the true value through guessing. My example got a bit convoluted, but hopefully the meaning is clear enough. What matters in science is the method, not the result. It should be the same in regards to disinformation. Which hopefully answers this bit: &gt; Or are you confident we could design the system to be infallible and always accurately parse what information is correct and what is a lie? If not, please tell me why. &gt; Are you okay with accurate information being taken down and the person Fined, as long as it is only very occasionally. If so, how often would it need to happen for you to decide the method doesn't work? Mistakes will always happen. But if done properly, it will be minimal and there will of course have to be ways to appeal any decision. Just as we have in all judiciary systems. We don't ignore crime completely out of fear that there will be people who will be wrongly condemned. We should ignore disinformation out of fear that there will also be mistakes there. &gt; the USAs Constitutional definition of freedom of speech must be the definition they adopt for users use. The 1st Amendment is about infringement on freedom of speech by the government and Congress. It says: &gt; Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Nothing about people or private companies having to promote the speech of citizens. You're suggesting that social media should be restricted in their freedoms to choose what they promote and what they find unacceptable. This means no more terms of conditions. How else would you do it? If Twitter cannot censor disinformation or YouTube cannot choose what they consider not fit for promotion from their algorithm, then how would they determine other questions like spam and bot accounts? Any mistake they make would result in infringement of the 1st Amendment, which would be a serious offence. I just don't see how this could be workable. &gt; Btw, thanks for the discussion so far, I have been enjoying it. It has given me a lot to think about. I agree. It has certainly made me think twice about my stance on social media as just an ordinary company. The analogy to electric grids, or the internet, or roads do not fit 100%, but they're not that far off. There's definitely a case to be made that especially Twitter currently works as a pseudo-extension of the kind of speech that would currently be protected under most constitutions as it is now. And it has been made very clear to me that this is a complicated problem with no clear answer.
Dobbeltmoral? Mener du virkelig, at Paludans udtalelse om, at de fleste sorte sydafrikanere er har IQ under 70 (nok til at klassificeres som udviklingshæmmet) kan sidestilles med en anbefaling om, at hvide undlader at komme med bestemte tilråb til en demonstration? Mener du virkelig det?
&gt; if RDNA 2 refresh will make a significant difference. AMD claims +50% performance at the same power level. But that depends on the frequency and the size of the GPU. The Xbox Series X uses a larger die at lower frequency, and it seems to be designed around cooling first. Fewer CUs at higher frequency probably ends up balancing around the same power budget. If so, that doesn't look too good for the PS5 as it appears to be a bit of a form over function type design.
&gt; but ten makes finger counting easier. No, it actually doesn't. You just need to count in a slightly different way. If you ignore your thumbs, each fingers has 3 bones. 4 fingers with 3 bones each = 12 bones you can use for counting. It requires a bit more finesse and you can't just show a number to someone else with your finger, but it works for teaching basic maths to young children.
Absolutely. My knowledge of linguistics is limited to mostly Reddit, so no more than speculation from my part. But it certainly makes sense that both the practice of a dozen and the unique terms "eleven" and "twelwe" would have originated from the same base 12 system.
Because you wouldn't be able to see the shape of the car properly. This makes it difficult to see its movement in terms of speed and direction at a glance, reducing safety. Like dazzle camouflage.
This is false. Kapoor initially thought the nickname was stupid, but he has changed his mind and refers to it as The Bean as well: https://web.archive.org/chicago-politics/anish-kapoor-cloud-gate-artist-i-call-it-the-bean-too/
No, he's not preventing manufacturing at all. Surrey NanoSystems produces the material in very limited quantities. Up until Kapoor, they declined every query they got from artists asking to buy the material. Why? Difficult and expensive to manufacture, very delicate material that crumbles if you touch it, and the fact that it's an incredibly hazardous material to work with that severaly increases your risk of lung cancer if you work with it without appropriate protection. Kapoor being a highly decorated and respected artist (he was knighted in 2013 in recognition for his service to art) collaborated with Surrey NanoSystems to make an art project using Vantablack. It's not like Kapoor uses it as a substitute for black in his standard work, or sells it as such for a huge markup. He uses it for very limited projects in his studio with sufficient protections available. Kapoor's exclusive deal with Surrey NanoSystems caused outrage from some artists, including Stuart Semple, because they viewed it as wrong that one artist could monopolize the use of a colour. But the outrage seems absolutely ludicrous to me because Vantablack is not a pigment or a paint. It's carbon nanotubes. It's not something you can just use as any other black paint. And besides, there are other carbon nanotube "paints" that are blacker than Vantablack that other artists have used, like with [The Redemption of Vanity by Diemut Strebe.](https://news.mit.edu/2019/blackest-black-material-cnt-0913) The whole outrage came not because of a colour being made exclusive for a single artist, but because a single company, Surrey NanoSystems, decided that they would make a bit of paint for a single renowned artist from their local area. The alternative never was "Vantablack for all", but instead "Vantablack for nobody". Just goes to show that a lot of outrage is hugely overblown.
I've not claimed that it would make it impossible to see movements properly. Only that it would be more difficult, which means you'd have to spent a bit more time looking at it to determine speed and direction. That makes it more dangerous, in a similar way to dazzle camouflage.
That's not Vantablack. That's black velour in ordinary black that absorbs about 97% of the light and reflecting the last 3%. There's a huge difference between something that reflects 3% and something that reflects 0.04%. It's the difference between looking at something that actively emits light 3 times brighter than what is thrown at it and then that black car you linked a picture of.
Even ignoring the fact that the paint used on the X6 is Vantablack S-VIS, which is nowhere near as black as the real deal, that X6 is still much darker than anything else you'd see. And yes, it does make it harder to see its exact direction and speed. No, it's not "hard" per say, but it takes a bit more time than with an ordinary black metallic car. Any additional time it takes is something that can potentially end up in a scenario as the difference between life and death.
Except ToB. Which is what would be really interesting to see. But nope. Better just kill it. He could've said 50k and I go for ToB completion. I can imagine more people donating for that because they'd love to see him risking the account for the most interesting content out there.
Du mener simpelthen, at de højreorienterede medier i USA er ligeså gode til fakta og videnskab som de mere mainstream eller venstreorienterede? Hvad er klimakrisen?
Hvad er journalistisk integritet? Kender du de presseetiske regler? Jeg synes, at du virkelig bør overveje at sætte dig ind i, hvad journalistisk rent faktisk er. Det er skræmmende at høre på, når du kommer med udmeldinger om, at alle medier er elendige ift. troværdighed.
Dvs. reporten fra American Civil Liberties Union er løgn og propaganda, eller hvad er det, du siger? Jeg vil sætte pris på, hvis du kommer med forklaringer på den artikel, jeg linkede: "we have systems and institutions that produce racially disparate outcomes, regardless of the intentions of the people who work within them." If you question the accuracy of that statement, please explain: ● Why study after study shows that police disproportionately stop African American drivers and disproportionately search African American drivers after stopping them, even though they tend to find less contraband. A study published last month of nearly 100 million traffic stops by police departments nationwide found that black drivers were far more likely to be pulled over than white drivers. But, interestingly, the difference becomes smaller at night, when it’s harder for police to see the race of the driver. Coincidence? I think not. Meanwhile, black and Hispanic drivers “were searched about twice as often as stopped white drivers”— even though black and, to an even greater extent, Hispanic drivers were less likely than whites to be found with drugs. ● Why a study of police-shooting databases published by the National Academy of Sciences found that African American men were about 2 1/2 times more likely than white men to be killed by police. “Men of color face a non-trivial lifetime risk of being killed by police,” the authors wrote. For African American men, the lifetime risk of dying at the hands of police was 1 in 1,000. The Post’s own comprehensive examination of police shootings showed that black Americans account for just 13 percent of the population but one-fourth of shooting victims. Among unarmed victims, the disparity was even greater: More than one-third of those fatally shot were black. ● Why African Americans are far more likely to be arrested for petty crimes. A 2018 study exposed “profound racial disparity in the misdemeanor arrest rate for most — but not all — offense types.” The black arrest rate was at least twice as high as that for whites for disorderly conduct, drug possession, simple assault, theft, vagrancy and vandalism. A 2020 study of marijuana possession arrests by the American Civil Liberties Union concluded that even in an era of legalization and decriminalization, there were “stark racial disparities” in possession arrests, with a black person more than 3 1/2 times more likely to be arrested for possession than a white person, even though rates of usage are similar. The disparities exist “across the country, in every state, in counties large and small, urban and rural, wealthy and poor, and with large and small black populations.” This is just one aspect of a broader problem of racial disparities in our criminal justice system, from the use of cash bail and pretrial detention to jury selection to plea bargaining to sentencing to parole and pardons. På forhånd tak.
Sagen interesserer mig sådan set ikke ret meget, så jeg har ikke dykket ned i de danske mediers dækning af sagen. Jeg taler om medier og journalistik generelt. Men lad mig da lige forsøge at svare på dine spørgsmål, så godt jeg nu kan fra egen hukommelse. De danske mediers dækning af George Floyd har fokuseret på demonstrationerne i USA, i resten af Europa, og naturligvis med stort fokus på demonstrationerne i Danmark. Jeg mener at kunne huske, at et dansk medie nævnte noget om, at Floyd var rimelig svært påvirket under situationen, ligesom den toksikologiske analyse viste. Ligeledes mener jeg at kunne huske, at de danske medier har rapporteret den samme konklusion som på obduktionen. At dødsårsagen har været en blokering af blodtilførslen til hjernen pga. knæet i halsen. Ligesom den officielle obduktionsrapport skriver her: https://content.govdelivery.com/attachments/MNHENNE/2020/06/01/file_attachments/1464238/2020-3700%20Floyd,%20George%20Perry%20Update%206.1.2020.pdf og med flere detaljer her: https://www.hennepin.us/-/media/hennepinus/residents/public-safety/documents/Autopsy_2020-3700_Floyd.pdf Har de vist hele forløbet? Hvilket forløb? At man kunne se, at Floyd var påvirket og ikke tog med i politibilen, da betjentene forsøgte at få ham med? Jeg ved ikke, om nogle danske medier har vist de klip. Hvorfor skulle det være relevant? Det ændrer jo ikke på konklusionen om, at Floyd døde som konsekvens af unødigt grov behandling af en politibetjent. Jeg ved heller ikke, hvor mange af de danske medier, der overhovedet har valgt at vise klippet, hvor Floyd dør. Det er selvfølgelig meget relevant, men det er ret normalt, at danske medier vælger at lægge censur på så voldsomme begivenheder. Hvad vil det sige at dække ALM "fra en fair og balanceret vinkel"? Den startede på /pol/ bevidst for at provokere og er blevet brugt af alt fra intetanende liberale til nationalkonservative til nynazister og "white supremacy" grupperinger. Problemet med ALM beskrives meget godt i denne tegneserie om [All Houses Matter.](https://chainsawsuit.com/comic/2016/07/07/all-houses-matter-the-extended-cut/) Jeg ved ikke, hvad du mener med "newdiscourse begreberne", så her er jeg dig svar skyldig. Jeg har set lidt om nogle af ødelæggelserne. Men igen, hvad er relevansen ift. demonstrationerne og disses motiver? Alle store demonstrationer resulterer i ødelæggelser, røveri, og selvtægt, og ja, i sidste ende af og til også drab, når de bliver virkelig store og voldsomme. Selv i Danmark sker der. F.eks. Augustoprøret i Odense i 1943, hvor vrede odenseanere gik på gaden i protest mod værnemagtens brutale opførsel mod uskyldige odenseanere. Butikker blev ødelagt og sat i brand, en politibil blev væltet, og en tysk officer havde næsten mistet livet efter vrede odenseanere havde givet ham tæsk. Så vidt jeg husker havde han nær fået et brønddæksel i hovedet. Jeg ærindrer ikke, om der var dødsfald, men det ville ikke undre mig. Pointen er, at alle demonstrationer kan ende i ødelæggelser og røveri, hvis de bliver store og voldsomme nok, og det uanset intentionerne og motiverne bag demonstrationerne, og de har ikke som sådan noget med selve demonstrationen at gøre. Jeg ved ikke, om de har dækket CHAZ. Jeg har i al fald ikke set dækning af det, men igen. Jeg har ikke fulgt historien ret dybt. Men det ville da ikke undre mig, hvis de har, da der jo kan drages mange paralleller til Christiania. Men det er jo klart, at man vil føle, at de danske medier kører en bestemt vinkling, hvis man er så nationalkonservativ i sin overbevisning, at man betragter Tucker Carlson som en dygtig journalist.
&gt; Ja det er jo racial profiling? Det er vel forventeligt. Alt andet ville være racisme mod hvide. Hold da kæft et krumspring, du laver der. Du påstår altså, at hvis ikke politiet ignorerede race, så ville de være racister? Hvordan fanden kan du få det til at give mening? &gt; Det er jo sådan betinget sandsynlighed fungerer. Intet underligt her. Du synes altså ikke, at det er belæg for at påstå, at det har taget overhånd? &gt; To be expected when blacks commit 50% of the violent crime Ift. hvad? Mord? Ja, hvoraf det meste er sorte bandemedlemmer, der skyder andre sorte bander. En sort uden våben er jo ikke del i det. Og her er det jo påfaldende med statistikken nedenunder, hvor en tredjedel af de ubevæbnede ofre er sorte. Hvordan kan det på nogen måde retfærdiggøres at slå en ihjel, som ikke udgør en trussel? Og ja, det sker også mod hvide. Men igen, det sker dobbelt så ofte for sorte. All Lives Matter, men fordi truslen mod de sorte er dobbelt så høj, så vælger bevægelsen af lægge fokus der og kalder det Black Lives Matter. &gt; This could be true. I haven't looked into this statistic but I'll just say that when everything else is wrong, I have a hard time trusting the claim without looking into it myself. Du påstår, at alt det andet er forkert? Øh... Hvad? De linker til alle deres kilder, så du kan jo bare tjekke dem direkte. &gt; Maybe they just do more crime so they get arrested more? Se den med cannabis. Nå nej, den vil du ikke ind på. Nå, men så må du jo have ret /s &gt; Nah, blacks are privileged in the US. Okay, den skal vi så lige have en kilde på. Eller mener du privilegiet om at blive stoppet af politiet? [Den eneste sorte republikanske senator beskriver det samme.](https://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/13/politics/tim-scott-police-racial-profiling/index.html) Men nå nej, det er da helt fair. Alt andet ville være racisme mod hvide! Prøv at være åben og så læs [denne gennemgang af racediskriminationen af minoriteter i USA.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2020/opinions/systemic-racism-police-evidence-criminal-justice-system/) Der henvises til kilder hver eneste gang, forfatteren kommer med en påstand.
Bare helt i orden. 3 små punkter så, som jeg synes er mere interessante. Når nu du siger, at Floyd ikke døde af betjentens knæ, hvad døde han så af? &gt; Farveblindhed er racisme for dem. De går ind for racediskrimination/særbehandling. Hvor har du den påstand fra? Ja, jeg kender til affirmative action. Men at kalde det for racediskrimination eller særbehandling er at misse hele konteksten for, hvorfor det eksisterer. &gt; BLM vil hjælpe den gruppe der er "under/overrepræsenteret". Så hvis 1 ud af 2 sorte huse er i brand, men kun 1 ud af 7 hvide huse er i brand, så vil BLM hjælpe de to sorte huse Igen, hvor har du den påstand fra? Du påstår jo, at en demonstrant som [disse](https://media.vanityfair.com/photos/578d48870f45d88b72e2f581/16:9/w_1280,c_limit/black-lives-matter-protest.jpg) lyver. Hvordan kan du vide det? Hvad er dine kilder til de to ovenstående påstande? Det ville jeg være meget interesseret i at dykke ned i. Det går jo imod alt, hvad jeg "ved" om situationen, så derfor vil jeg gerne dykke ned i det for at finde ud af, om jeg tager fejl :)
Du må lige forklare de to. Du smider om dig med store ord og lange dokumenter og tager det som en selvfølge, at det er belæg for dine påstande. Men du forklarer ikke, hvad de går ud på, og hvorfor det støtter dine påstande. Ellers står det jo blot totalt neutralt og er ikke noget, der underbygger dine påstande.
Another user said that there's a way to take it waaay lower, but that requires tick healing and takes weeks for a single completion, according to xzact. Source comment: https://www.reddit.com/r/2007scape/comments/hb2rha/xzact_completes_40_combat_inferno_previous_record/fv6vdna/
I think I agree. But it's not so much that xzact has trouble figuring out the methods. He innovated most of the things he did in this run, and as someone else pointed out, he hasn't shared all his tricks for how he managed to beat the waves leading up to Zuk. This challenge is all xzact, and xzact is the god of the Inferno. He came up with the strategy and all the methods making this possible, and he's the only one to execute it on top of that. Woox is different. A bit less mechanically skilled than xzact, but probably more intuitive and creative with his innovations, which could explain why he always seems to be the first one to beat the new content.
&gt; I think youre correct but saying xzact comes on top in sheer mechanics is still wrong. Woox is quite literally probably an actual genius given his job/assumed IQ. Mechanics has nothing to do with intelligence. Mechanics is how well you... well... click. Intelligence makes you better at finding the new strategies, but it doesn't make you any more precise with your clicks. Intelligence is strategy, mechanics is execution of the strategy.
&gt; some of the most insane mechanical challenges there can be in this game. I dunno man. Most of them are "first" kind of challenges. First to inferno, then his no supplies inferno, first to ToB, first to solo ToB, then his 58 combat inferno. They're kind of all beaten in terms of mechanics, and with fewer mistakes in the runs once they are. It seems to me that Woox shines more in finding the mechanics rather than on pure execution of said mechanics.
They generally have a bodyfat% that is similar to that of an ordinary person because of their very high lean mass. Their muscles is just covered in a thick layer of subcutaneous fat, which hides muscle definition. Compare them to strongmen. Most strongmen have low bodyfat%, but if you find one that has a bodyfat% that is similar to an ordinary person or a sumo wrestler, they will look fat as well. A lot of muscle + a lot of fat looks quite similar to just a lot of fat.
Think of it this way. You landed on the mega-rare table. There are 10 slots there, and one of them is 3rd age. If the remaining 9 slots were filled with the same 15x super energy potions, then you wouldn't feel as if you had almost gotten 3rd age. It's because they're 9 different items rather than the same that you feel that way, despite none of them being more special than the others.
They do, and I disagree with the other people here that this is a good thing, economically speaking, for Jagex. Sure, they buy bonds, which increases the prices of bonds so that more people buy them. But they sell all the illegitimate gold they generate to other players. Players who, if not for RWT, would've had to buy it through bonds. If not for bots, there would be far more people who would need to buy bonds.
You're not really an asshole, but I'm going with ESH to highlight that you shouldn't go down to the path you're heading. No, you wouldn't be an asshole for stopping to cook. But I think you'd make a mistake to go down this kind of route. "you hurt me, so now I'll hurt you" never leads to anything worthwhile. Your boyfriend was a huge asshole, and you need to clearly let him know how and why you feel the way you feel. He was a huge asshole, and if he cannot is the type of person who dismiss your feelings or is too arrogant to own up to his mistake, then you need to have a series of lengthy talks about your relationship. That said, there is nothing that should force you to cook his food. If you don't enjoy doing it, then you shouldn't do it. But I think it would be a mistake to use that as a way to "get back at him" for his horrible behaviour. Find out why the fire is burning instead of throwing more fuel on it -&gt; talk with him about it and force him to listen.
The actual bullshit comes from your comment. [There are ads in GFE.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CrappyDesign/comments/2lcdu3/nvidas_geforce_experience_driver_installer_keeps/)
Another reason why I like the EU. It has massive problems, but their no tolerance attitude for corporate bullshit is nice.
Heat and dry air? Isn't that far more comfortable than hot and humid? Wouldn't you just drink a lot of water and sweat off the excess heat in a hot and dry environment?
Hopefully, that's a shitty text book that is far from the norm. That, or it's a reprinted old text book from the 1910s or so.
Fair nok, at du påpeger, at han tager fejl. Men så ret da udsagnet og lav en henvisning til det. Ellers kan det jo ikke bruges til noget.
Generelt er jeg enig i et forbud ift. hvordan bønnekald ser ud i dag. Men ændres de til noget lign. ikke-forkyndende som kirkeklokker, så kan jeg ikke se, at der egentlig skulle være forskel.
&gt; Når integrationsministeren på samrådsmødet sagde det samme? Mener du, at integrationsministeren sagde, at det er forkert gengivet i medierne, eller at integrationsministeren selv tager fejl?
&gt; selvom vores sygehuse, daginstitutioner, plejehjem og skoler er middelmådige sammenlignet med lande hvor der er mere konkurrence om at levere den bedste velfærd til borgerne. Kan du komme med eksempler? Mig bekendt fremhæves den danske velfærdsmodel internationalt som noget positivt ift. f.eks. skrækscenariet i USA, hvor amerikanerne i gennemsnit betaler det dobbelte for en dårligere ydelse.
For alle over 18, eller skal den længere op grundet evidensen for skadelig påvirkning på unges hjerner, f.eks. 21? Helt frit, eller stram regulering med begrænset produktion og salg hos bestemte, der får lov, og med regulering på indhold af THC og andre aktive stoffer?
Det er et imperialistisk ord, som blev brugt nedsættende om et fremmed folkeslag, som man anså som barbarisk og mindre intelligent - ikke ulig ord som neger. Det er dog stadig den eneste fællesbetegnelse vi har for arktiske folkeslag. Så indtil der kommer et nyt, så er den akademiske verden mere eller mindre nødsaget til at fortsætte med at bruge eskimo.
Læste du ikke artiklen? Problemet er netop, at de arktiske folkeslag ikke selv har valgt ordet eskimo, ligesom afrikanere ikke valgte ordet neger. Det er imperialistiske ord med den dertilhørende bagage om, at være blevet brugt i århundreder som et nedsættende ord for folkeslag, som europæere anså for uciviliserede og uintelligente. Derfor er det problematisk på en måde, som en amerikaner eller københavnerstang slet ikke kan være. For det er jo netop ord, de folk selv har valgt.
Det kunne måske fint virke, men jeg skal ikke stå til dommer over det, da det ikke vedkommer mig.
Ok. Hvordan ved du det? Hvor har du det fra, at bønnekald er brugt mere end den ene gang?
Nej, det har jeg ikke sagt. Jeg har ikke givet min egen holdning til kende, men stod det til mig, så er jeg enig med artiklens forfatter: &gt; Han [Mejerigaardens CEO Kim Gade Pedersen, red.] har nemlig et produkt, der er opkaldt efter inuitterne, og hvis det er sket i respekt for folkeslaget, kunne han jo spørge inuitterne selv, hvad de synes, isen skal hedde, og navngive den derefter. Derved kunne han gå foran med et godt eksempel og vise alle os iskunder, at også Mejerigaarden er flyttet med ind i dette årtusinde. Hvis grønlænderne støtter op om navnet, så er det jo fint. Hvis ikke, så må de jo tage det til efterretning og så vurderer, om de stadig ønsker at beholde navnet, eller om de ønsker at bruge et andet navn.
Any perceived impurity of a product. Usually the chemical names on labels that the reader doesn't understand. Alternatively, an invented explanation for all the ailments in the world that gives the user of the word a comfort about being in control of their body. Toxins is a very common term among supporters of different forms of unscientific, alternative medicines.
Mener du helt seriøst, at du ikke kan se en forskel mellem de to scenarier?
Det er jo ikke sådan, det hænger sammen. Man løser jo heller ikke problemet, der ligger i at kalde en flødebolle for et negerkys ved at kalde det et afrikanerkys i stedet for. Hvis man vælger at ændre navnet, så ville da give langt mere mening at finde et nyt, original navn i stedet for.
&gt; Paludan er dømt for at sige at afrikanere har lavere intelligens Dette er ikke korrekt. Det har han aldrig påstået, og det er der ej heller direkte bevis for. Der er bevis for, at afrikanere, i gennemsnit, scorer den del laverere på IQ-tests end europæere (ca. 10 point, så vidt jeg husker), men her er der mange mulige forklaringer. Alt fra, at tests er designet af europæere til europæere, til lavere uddannelsesniveauer, og så over til ernæring, og ja, så også genetik. Men det var ikke Paludans udtalelse. Han sagde ikke, at deres intelligens eller IQ var lavere end danskeres. Han påstod, at forklaringen for, at det skulle gå rigtig dårligt i Sydafrika var fordi de efter apartheid er blevet styret af sorte med IQ på under 70. At de nødvendigvis måtte have en så lav IQ på baggrund af deres etniske ophav. Er der videnskabelig evidens for, at sorte sydafrikanere skulle have en IQ på under 70? For så må du meget gerne vise mig en undersøgelse, der påviser dette.
Ikke nok med det. Paludan var langt mere konkret end bare "de fleste negere i Sydafrika er ubegavede." Han fortsatte: &gt; \- Og det er altså det, fordi alternativet er jo, at man giver skylden til ANC, som har haft magten lige siden 1995, og altså har formået, at oparbejde en enorm statsgæld og fuldstændig kuldsejle nationen. &gt; \- Selvfølgelig fordi vi ved, at IQ70-personerne - tjek eventuelt Twitter #1Q70 - altså personer fra lav-IQ-befolkningsgrupper, de jo ikke magter at styre en nation, fordi de simpelthen ikke evner det. Deres kognitive funktionsniveau er for lavt til, at de kan styre en nation. En klar konkretisering af, at "ikke begavede nok" må være en henvisning til IQ under 70.
Kom med det værste eksempel, du erindrer.
Jeg siger ikke, at grønlænderne skal bestemme det nye navn. Jeg siger, at det kunne være en god idé at finde ud af, om grønlænderne rent føler, at kæmpe eskimo er stødende. For hvis ikke de gør det, så ser jeg da ingen grund til at ændre navnet, for så er der jo ikke noget problem. Men hvis de finder det stødende, så kunne man overveje, om man så ønsker at fortsætte med navnet, eller om man vil give isen et nyt navn. Vælger man noget i samme stil som eskimo, så synes jeg, at det kunne være en god idé at bede om input fra de samme adspurgte grønlændere. Går man i en helt anden retning, f.eks. "Bennys Kæmpe Slambert", ja så er det jo klart, at det ikke længere giver mening at spørge grønlænderne om accept. Det siger sig selv.
Saglig kritik af islam er aldrig blevet straffet, og det vil det heller aldrig blive. Men der er forskel på saglig kritik og så at kalde alle følgere af en bestemt religion eller med en bestemt etnisk oprindelse for evnesvage eller at de pga. deres ophav pr. definition er affald, eller hvad nu ellers Paludan har sagt. Ser vi på anklagerne mod Paludan, så skal der virkelig meget til for at udløse §266 stk. b. F.eks. frafaldt sigtelsen mod ham om en udtalelse om, at alle ikke-etniske danskere er "ynkelige uslinge, der hører til i kloakken. Disse menneskers død vil være nødvendig og lovlig". Hvorfor frafaldt sigtelsen? Fordi gruppen "ikke-etniske danskere" var for bred til at være omfattet §266 b. [Kilde.](https://www.tv2east.dk/sjaelland-og-oerne/et-ord-reddede-rasmus-paludan-fra-ny-straffesag) Der skal virkelig meget til at udløse en straffesag i §266 b i Danmark. Mig bekendt er det kun sket meget få gange.
I don't see why that makes him a bad person. Weird? Sure, but I see no indication of force or harm for the women he slept beside. I know very little about the topic, but it doesn't seem like anything bad happening if we are to trust the [Wikipedia article on Gandhi:](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahatma_Gandhi#On_life,_society_and_other_application_of_his_ideas) &gt; According to the 1960s memoir of his grandniece Manu, Gandhi feared in early 1947 that he and she may be killed by Muslims in the run up to India's independence in August 1947, and asked her when she was 18 years old if she wanted to help him with his experiments to test their "purity", for which she readily accepted.[334] Gandhi slept naked in the same bed with Manu with the bedroom doors open all night. Manu stated that the experiment had no "ill effect" on her. Gandhi also shared his bed with 18-year-old Abha, wife of his grandnephew Kanu. Gandhi would sleep with both Manu and Abha at the same time.[334][335] None of the women who participated in the brahmachari experiments of Gandhi indicated that they had sex or that Gandhi behaved in any sexual way. Those who went public said they felt as though they were sleeping with their aging mother.[332][333][336] It's certainly an odd thing to do, but I don't see any indication that it's particularly bad.
It may have something to do with polls showing very little support for science, like [this one from last year showing that 40% of adult Americans believe in Young Earth creationism as opposed to evolution.](https://news.gallup.com/poll/261680/americans-believe-creationism.aspx) Polls like those are absolutely baffling to me and suggest a failure in education.
&gt; He was also a violent racist (...) Look up what he says about South Africans fighting apartheid Maybe the Wikipedia article is unhelpful in this regard, but I haven't been able to find any especially egregious examples. The worst is probably this: &gt; While in South Africa, Gandhi focused on racial persecution of Indians but ignored those of Africans. In some cases, state Desai and Vahed, his behaviour was one of being a willing part of racial stereotyping and African exploitation.[83] During a speech in September 1896, Gandhi complained that the whites in the British colony of South Africa were degrading Indian Hindus and Muslims to "a level of Kaffir".[84] Scholars cite it as an example of evidence that Gandhi at that time thought of Indians and black South Africans differently.[83] As another example given by Herman, Gandhi, at age 24, prepared a legal brief for the Natal Assembly in 1895, seeking voting rights for Indians. Gandhi cited race history and European Orientalists' opinions that "Anglo-Saxons and Indians are sprung from the same Aryan stock or rather the Indo-European peoples", and argued that Indians should not be grouped with the Africans.[73] But then it continues: &gt; Years later, Gandhi and his colleagues served and helped Africans as nurses and by opposing racism, according to the Nobel Peace Prize winner Nelson Mandela. The general image of Gandhi, state Desai and Vahed, has been reinvented since his assassination as if he was always a saint, when in reality his life was more complex, contained inconvenient truths and was one that evolved over time.[83] In contrast, other Africa scholars state the evidence points to a rich history of co-operation and efforts by Gandhi and Indian people with nonwhite South Africans against persecution of Africans and the Apartheid.[85] &gt; In 1906, when the British declared war against the Zulu Kingdom in Natal, Gandhi at age 36, sympathised with the Zulus and encouraged the Indian volunteers to help as an ambulance unit.[86] He argued that Indians should participate in the war efforts to change attitudes and perceptions of the British people against the coloured people.[87] Gandhi, a group of 20 Indians and black people of South Africa volunteered as a stretcher-bearer corps to treat wounded British soldiers and the opposite side of the war: Zulu victims.[86] That doesn't sound like a "violent racist". It sounds like someone who lived during a time where it was generally accepted that black Africans were lesser humans, and that Gandhi subscribed to this idea by default before he changed his views later on. That certainly explains Mandela's comments, as well as this part: &gt; In the years after black South Africans gained the right to vote in South Africa (1994), Gandhi was proclaimed a national hero with numerous monuments.[90] Why would the black South Africans proclaim Gandhi as a national hero if what you're saying is true? &gt; why he refused to meet black civil rights leaders I cannot find any reference to this in the Wikipedia article. Can you show me somewhere I can read about this? &gt; antisemite too Was he though? Again, going over the Wikipedia article, all I can see is evidence that he was anti-zionist rather than anti-semitic. &gt; In 1937, Gandhi discussed Zionism with his close Jewish friend Hermann Kallenbach.[303] He said that Zionism was not the right answer to the problems faced by Jews[304] and instead recommended Satyagraha. Gandhi thought the Zionists in Palestine represented European imperialism and used violence to achieve their goals; he argued that "the Jews should disclaim any intention of realizing their aspiration under the protection of arms and should rely wholly on the goodwill of Arabs. No exception can possibly be taken to the natural desire of the Jews to find a home in Palestine. But they must wait for its fulfillment till Arab opinion is ripe for it."[183] &gt; In 1938, Gandhi stated that his "sympathies are all with the Jews. I have known them intimately in South Africa. Some of them became life-long companions." Philosopher Martin Buber was highly critical of Gandhi's approach and in 1939 wrote an open letter to him on the subject. Gandhi reiterated his stance that "the Jews seek to convert the Arab heart", and use "satyagraha in confronting the Arabs" in 1947.[305] According to Simone Panter-Brick, Gandhi's political position on Jewish-Arab conflict evolved over the 1917–1947 period, shifting from a support for the Arab position first, and for the Jewish position in the 1940s.[306] Being against a Jewish national state does not mean that you must necessarily also be anti-semitic. &gt; Misogynistic Similarly, this does not seem to be the case as far as I can tell. Was he a feminist? Far from it. His view on women seems to be a bit mixed. But I don't think it's fair to label Gandhi misogynistic. Here's what Wikipedia says on the topic: &gt; Gandhi strongly favoured the emancipation of women, and urged "the women to fight for their own self-development." He opposed purdah, child marriage, dowry and sati.[324] A wife is not a slave of the husband, stated Gandhi, but his comrade, better half, colleague and friend, according to Lyn Norvell.[324] In his own life however, according to Suruchi Thapar-Bjorkert, Gandhi's relationship with his wife were at odds with some of these values.[136] &gt; At various occasions, Gandhi credited his orthodox Hindu mother, and his wife, for first lessons in satyagraha.[325] He used the legends of Hindu goddess Sita to expound women's innate strength, autonomy and "lioness in spirit" whose moral compass can make any demon "as helpless as a goat".[325] To Gandhi, the women of India were an important part of the "swadeshi movement" (Buy Indian), and his goal of decolonising the Indian economy.[325] &gt; Some historians such as Angela Woollacott and Kumari Jayawardena state that even though Gandhi often and publicly expressed his belief in the equality of sexes, yet his vision was one of gender difference and complementarity between them. Women, to Gandhi, should be educated to be better in the domestic realm and educate the next generation. His views on women's rights were less liberal and more similar to puritan-Victorian expectations of women, states Jayawardena, than other Hindu leaders with him who supported economic independence and equal gender rights in all aspects. Gandhi believed in traditional gender roles, which was in contrast to some of his peers. But crucially, this was not at odds with popular beliefs at the time, even among women. It seems to me that his view on women appears more liberal than for most at the time if we go by the above, even if he didn't live by those same values. Out of the terms you've used to describe Gandhi so far, I would say that misogynistic appears the most fitting, even though I don't think it fits well. &gt; pedophile On what basis? For sleeping next to his 18-year-old niece without touching her (according to the niece)? Or are you thinking of another example? &gt; There's also the point he did "homosexual cleansing" throughout India I cannot find anything related to this. Do you have a source for it?
&gt; Danmark erkendte tidligere end mange andre at holde slaver var forkert Ja hurra for Danmark. Vi deltog kun i halvandet hundrede år, så det var da slet ikke så slemt! &gt; Slaveri og racisme et bestemt ikke noget der er generelt accepteret i Danmark idag Jeg ved ikke, om jeg er helt enig i den betragtning. Diskrimination af mennesker med mellemøstligt udseende foregår i ret høj grad. De fleste danskere ser sig selv som modstandere af racisme, men handler selv ofte racistisk alligevel. Derfor er debatten jo stadig relevant, og derfor forstår jeg ikke dit forslag om, at det havde været på sin plads med en statue for 150 år siden, men ikke i dag. Nej, vi holder ikke slaver længere. Men det betyder ikke, at racisme er et overstået kapitel i dag, når etniske minoriteter dagligt møder diskrimination. Og netop derfor er en statue som den omtalte relevant. Ikke for at ændre på fortiden, men for at ændre fremtiden gennem et fælles budskab om modstand mod racisme. &gt; Splittelse af befolkningen sker ved at folk kræver ting fjernet, som andre gerne vil beholde fordi de har kulturhistoriske værdier. Fordi et menneske har haft nogle forkerte moralske og etiske holdninger, betyder det ikke man skal glemme de store og historie/kultur forandrende ting selvsamme mand har forårsaget. Jeg er til dels enig. En statue på en offentlig plads er en hyldest til personen, der afbildes. En statue af Queen Mary Thomas er en hyldest til hende og hendes arbejde. En statue af H.C. Andersen er en hyldest til ham og hans arbejde. Derfor synes jeg ikke, at en hypotetisk statue af f.eks. grundlæggeren af Vestindisk-guineisk Kompagni bør have plads i bybilledet, da den netop står som en hyldest til et arbejde, som vi i dag anser for forkasteligt. Flyt statuen på et museum i stedet for, hvor den bliver sat i en anden kontekst end som en hyldest. Til gengæld er jeg helt enig i, at en sådan statue ikke bør ødelægges, da den er en vigtig, historisk genstand. Den fortæller om synet på slaveriet i perioden den blev opført. Jeg er også enig i, at statuer af personer, som kun perifert har med slavehandlen at gøre ikke bør fjernes, da disse hylder personen og deres generelle arbejde mere end deres beskedne rolle i slavehandlen. Her kunne man tage f.eks. rytterstatuen af Frederik 5. som et godt eksempel. Den skal naturligvis ikke fjernes, og det er der ej heller nogen, der har foreslået, så vidt jeg er orienteret. Rosa Lunds idé om at sætte et lille mærkat til oplysning om Frederik 5.s rolle i slavehandlen virker for mig som en god løsning. Det anerkender, at vi tager problemstillingen alvorligt og ikke ignorerer de problemer, det stadig skaber i dag, og at vi ikke hylder Frederik 5. ukritisk. &gt; Kom over det, kom videre. Kun ved at blive ved med at rode rundt i den samme lort, vil vi stinke. Jeg er lodret uenig. At ignorere strukturelle problemer i samfundet og ubehagelig kapitler i vores historie ville være en enorm fejltagelse. Hvis ikke vi erkender vores historie og tager den til efterretning, så kan vi jo ikke lære af den.
Sure, but that change the fact that a disregard for evolution is a disregard for science. If you cannot accept evolution, then it means you don't accept science. One of the fundamental goals of education should be to spread the understanding of the scientific method. If that is a goal of American education, then it has clearly not been very effective. And if it's not, then that in itself is the very problem.
&gt; You're gonna get it sooner rather than later, but what's important is we don't want everyone to suddenly need a bed in the ICU right now. No, you actually don't. Vaccines are seen as the preferred way to reach herd immunity rather than going through the disease.
Yes, a lot of people will get infected before we get a vaccine. But the goal is to minimize that number, and we know that this is possible through lockdowns or effective TeTrIs (Test, Trace, Isolate) strategies. There is no reason to just let it rip through society and infect everyone until we reach herd immunity, even if it is done in a slow enough way that there are enough beds and medical staff to treat everyone properly. Even with treatment, some will die, so it's better to avoid infections altogether as much as possible. Which is why something like masks are important.
Could be awesome if the agility hood and max hood would work as a graceful hood.
&gt; We don't know how many OP did, could have on his 635th scroll. It says 22 and 23 on his second and third ranger boots drop.
Men det betyder jo ikke, at det bør være lovligt at reklamere for det og dermed friste dem, der ikke kan styre det, til at optage kviklån for at gamble. Jeg støtter dog ikke selv et forbud mod reklamer for alkohol.
Immunity is a widely misunderstood concept. It's more like resistance of varying degrees, both depending on the particular virus, on the person who is infected, and seemingly random chance. For some infections, you get immunity from future infections. For others, you get immunity from future disease. What's the difference? This is simplified, and I may get it wrong, as I'm trying to say what I've heard from experts. Immunity from infection means the virus will be disabled before it can replicate to more than a handful of cells. This means you cannot become infected, and you cannot spread the disease. Immunity from disease, but not from infection means that the virus can replicate quite well inside of you, but not enough to overwhelm your immune system, which means you won't get as ill as you would if you had not encountered the virus at all. Think of the difference between COVID-19 and the common cold, or even no symptoms at all. Your course of disease will be brief, but symptoms or not, you will be able to spread the disease to others. I learned all this by listening to the This Week in Virology podcast, which I've been following since mid-March because of the pandemic. They've talked about this concept a couple of times, and in one of them they mentioned that vaccines often give stronger immunity to diseases than a natural course of illness because researchers can design the most potent way for your immune system to get to know the virus. Natural immunity could result in the production of antibodies that only weakly bind to the virus, while researchers could produce the exact protein that results in the production of antibodies that bind more effectively to the virus. Again, the details here are possibly wrong, but that's how I remembered the explanation. But the bottom-line was quite clear: vaccines can offer better protection than natural infection. This could end up being crucial for SARS-CoV-2 / COVID-19. Lastly, I'd like to point out that English is not my native language. I don't usually say that, but in a few cases, I was not happy with my terminology and used some terms that were slightly off. Hopefully, the meaning comes through clearly regardless :)
