&gt; Is my love for rush greater than my hate for echo fox? fenix
i mean, how bad do u want this team to do?
all of that was legit 4 years ago, with the salaries that are going around now, we will see more people go for longer careers
for some reason i poppy always remembers me of a dragon age origens dwarf lol
season 2 was kind of bad because they forced clementine on us, like yeah we like the character and all but u cant make it so a bunch of adults rely on the wisdom of clementine... that was really bad. season 3 was much better imo.
its not a really important cup, yet it has as public and its a cool chance to see nemesis and werlyb. spain can have public for a low tier tournament and some emerging regions worlds finals didnt, let that sink in and then remember that none of these spanish teams made it to the LEC
That was disgusting lmao, he literally Made the comeback
https://twitter.com/LVPibai/status/1053643323666300928 when g2 took down rng
as an actual hispanic guy, this was awesome casting.
how do u guys see those stats?
esa vaina nunca la entendi, banean al que vende pero no al que recibe?
over the years i have played every roll and i agree the most tiresome is adc. chilling in the jungle life for me now
So? if tsm wanted to keep mithy they would have.. nice downvote for stating the obvious btw
if teams dont give a fuck about them, why should we?
he STATED that bo3 is "by far the most enjoyable to watch" personal opinion =/= facts.
no wonder i have u tagged as "hon player league hater" lmao
its funny because pants doesnt seem like a "white american male" either, i guess he is... white enough ?
i know and i agree, but u gotta agree that there is a lot of grey areas around it even in the pc era.
worlds has bo1 on groups.
punishing perkz only is stupid imo, if they are gonna punish g2 for poaching it should include the poached player as in u cant play for g2 for X amount of time or something, otherwise next time a team wants to poach a player they will just ask a random academy sub player to go and talk to "caps" fine, punish him, 3 years if u want who cares.
mollie mollie mollie mollie
it also works to let everyone know that the other team cant see it, its a win win
this is the correct answer, as a jungler i have found really odd that lately there are a lot of weird shit that can be seen thru fow, for example i was playing against a kindred and i could tell where he was or when he was stealing some camp, it was weird.
well, he has a lot of experience now and if u see his spanish league performances he is not the same og giants werlyb anymore.
counterpoint, people that dislike him for trashtalking dont see the shining moments of his career.
im quite sure thats the same in spain, but u need to add inmigrants to the list
la wea weona
Cómo los ahorros a plazo fijo que existían antes acá
maybe they didnt expect to pick dardoch.
pero para eso tienes que tener amigos :'c
coño ahorita hay gente que se dedica a eso del transporte de mascotas tipo pets go edit: no habia terminado de leer el mensaje :/, igual queda para cualquier otro que lea y no sepa
if rammus wasnt such a boring out of place champion thematically, a lot more people would play it and see how strong he is.
how long has huhi been in NA? i never considered him a korean player on na.
why tho? i get that u guys want native talent to shine aswell but would u be sad is tsm won lets say MSI just because they have bjersen and zven? thats like barcelona fans being sad because they won something because of suarez and messi.
lmao are u serious dude?
if everyone knows which one is "that one" thats a sad stain to have on said org.
dj lambo as a pro player nick will never stop being wtfunny
lets see what dardick apologists say now
clip plz
we need a whole top page post just for this.
Lmao idk why i was expecting something more like that scarra streaming surprise clip
gotta ask mr beast
dont try to make it worse than it actually is.
next step, liquid sends matt to EF.
this is what interest me the most, riot simply doesnt care, nor the community, i remember the early days we used to spam " vote for lol for this or that award" now no one cares, and since these awards are a combination of "who pays more" and fan vote..
i think he said that about one particular cait skin
i do like it, face it, all stars will never be a serious event, so it doesnt hurt to have the cool streamers there, if anything it makes this one a more unique event.
i would love to have more pvp mini events on blitz instead of hit the teemo npc ones.
not true at all
blitz is a fast paced map that last 18 mins, not gonna waste most of it because u wanna stall ur pvp for 10 mins
&gt; and Internet wasn't full of toxic idiots like now back then u sweet summer child..
mild shock
dota 2 only has a few viewers while a major is on, which is like 20 days of the year. and on TI.
yeah, it is the other way around for actual chinese players
it was a fun moment
more money thrown at these event organizers.
that bass isnt exactly easy to counter with booths, i think the only logical solution would be what they kind of already do sometimes, go full FOW when it is an sneak attempt
lol does have a league in japan, the LJL https://lol.gamepedia.com/LJL/2018_Season/Summer_Season
all the things voyboy brings over the years, i still remember that pooksie video lmao
locodoco incident was more like a missunderstanding, this was outright being and asshole
after so many defeats over the years, LPL will take ANY win they can, even if it is for charity or TT whatever
i mean, uzi tryharded all weekend, which is fine imo, he takes every game seriously.
I think this is interesting because people on reddit asume that twitch numbers=game sucess, so if more plataforms can make a real rival to twitch, how will that be acknoledge? brazil has a lot of viewers that might end up switching at least for casual streams.
it was an interesting event, it doesnt get the viewers number that rito might expect but i hope it continues. this year streamers was a good idea imo, hope it sticks.
dude i have him tagged as league hater, god bless RES
i mean, thats cool because u can choose which one to play, in hots there is no other option iirc. i think having a custom map creator on league is the hidden gold card riot is saving for a rainy day, it will blown everyones mind.
how many people watched a bulgarian stream anyway? this sucks
again, i have been using fill as a role to get faster matches 99% of the time i get jungle, and if u check me on op gg u would find that im a jungle main, im not complaining about jungling im just stating that people dont like to jungle in that map.
age does that to people, real life responsabilities
i mean, its not like US is a country with 20million people
true
thats what happens when u consume hollywood since day 1 it gets kind of easy to learn english in SA because of that.
100% seguro de que es venezolano.
ciertamente es argentino y venezolano
No :I
so?
its was a joke bud.
i dont agree with u, but while u are at it, i have this sentiment towards thoorin videos
touch her with his hands and idiots would start crying sexual harrasement
gw2 is good tho, why do u say that?
artifact was a fail
fighting games tournaments are a completely different thing, imo these are much easier to organize as most of the attendants are players on their own, not teams, not full orgs, not leagues.
i for one im happy to be playing a riot game. at no point i have regretted any moment playing league, almost an eye opener too, we complained riot didnt send their staff to korea for worlds, while a big ass company like blizz kills their esport to save funds.
so u have never tried it yet u have some kind of hate towards it? thats weird.
we love u rito plz never go full blizzard
no, what makes u think elo calculations on both games are really different? its a matter of amount of players queing at the same time, nothing more.
&gt; rambles into the microphone instead of singing. so, isnt that their style anyway?
never sleep on stratovarius man :(
actually i dont get reports against, at least if the thing that pops up now and then is to believe, it always says less than 2 and a green "yay" ish color, tbh i dont even play enough games to have a "terrible behavior score" never been on the "low priorty queue" or something like that and it takes almost the same time when im playing alone or with friends. never have i received even a chat ban on league either and i have played since season 1, im not toxic online, or int feeder w/e
yeah but it needed more "wooooow, daaaaamn"
Ill answer again to add this http://prntscr.com/lvg4dq proff that i dont have negative conduct and that im on a mmr that being semi low should be one of the most populated ones.
is tumblr people already coming here?
where did u ask for tips? because before fornite lol was the "must hate game" for being the most played, being the most played also should mean it is fun right? dont mind the haters, come and join us.
dude, every online community is like this, in the case of league, it is nowhere as toxic as it was years ago, in fact, it feels much better than many other games right now.
u can just mute the annoying people, but its not like any other online game.
i didnt see a lot of people telling u not to play that werent joking there lol
if there is a country sucking all that shit that is coming from the us PC bullshit is spain, so... there is that.
dude, dont u dare bash on dragon age origins, ill cut u.
dont let them tell u "addiction" like its heroin, thats bullshit, i do play other games but always end up coming back to league, if i didnt play league i would play another game, as long as it doesnt have a negative impact in ur life play as much as u fucking want
thats hasnt to be it, ill add another example, i always end up listening to the same bands because anything else ends up boring me, so ill rather listen to songs that have 10/20 years out instead of new music, i bet u wouldnt try to portrait that as addiction on a bad light.
he never states that he feels like he needs to play league, just that any other game is boring to him compared, which is another different topic
u will find out easily on a few matches, it mostly depends on what u liked to play on dota 2, there are almost the same things u can do.
they are extremely toxic, if u think league has toxicity...
ur almost there, all u need is a movie now.
ever since i heard that one version of this intro it got tainted for me forever.
my flair, the only one i never skipped. might add bojack's too.
hey i still play sej, its nowhere as bad as people make it look like
cuz they are? its really just that simple
i just want more pvp events, like the 2v2 which btw, i think should go on till any team has no more people alive.
wrong thread bud
same reason games get ddosed
i mean, reddit userbase goes way longer than just us or canada, if u dont believe me put another page on it giving people the option to select their country.
i did watch some of these, ur not missing much.
is it really that good? iirc it is from amc which should make it a kind of "censored" show right?
this is the best answer considering the examples he put
chinese funded movies are heavily censored, for me that was the only bad part about it
and fucking bioware decided to not listen to everyone wanting to continue with their gray warden in the sequels..
megaman 4ever
i mean, the whole lich king part of WOW was good enough to sit thru the grinding. those were the days..
as long as they dont put that double elimination shit near worlds do w/e with it
still, people like piglet and impact had to do the waiting, so, same old same old
but they have
damn thats a thing, also is obviously a joke... right? damn
&gt; or having their blood get into a human wound so.. yeah
i scrolled way to much to find these comments.
it seems weird to me that esports players feel this way like "if i cant be just the best, ill stop playing" like, so many times we have seens players from top teams retire straight out of TSM or something, if a classic sport player from lets say real madrid just cant keep playing there, most of the time they will just go to a lower team or other league.
idk man, that pip episode is so weird and different.. i like it.
as a cat owner, i can tell u that the cat didnt seem to be in a bad situation, because as u can see when the cat gets out, it wasnt an struggle or anything, if that cat wanted out of there asap it had enough space to do it much earlier, they have some amazing flexibility
did u just break the fouth wall out of that episode? lmao pd: i know this is a 23 days old post
wtf she did joddy?
thats the netflix special, they did that with glow too.
at that point faker represents more skt than himself, so it is kinda correct anyway.
man, the azubu teams got me into esports...
thats why we need separate workplaces for womens and mens ! /s
yes
why spoil it? it takes away most of the fun
why not just keep it till one side explodes then? it would have been much better
wait, our pizza huts never sold alcohol, that i remember of. wtf is pizza hut doing selling alcohol anyways? like "im gonna go to wendys for a burger and booze"
let me post a thousand half naked pics on a semi public website random person is watching the pics? https://wipy.tv/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/Pikachu-Meme-00.jpg damn creeps
Its like watching gintama
and imo it shouldnt be like that, after all, it is a map that is set to end at 18-20 mins tops.
I think i know which one Is it but it's an 300+ episodes show, not sure about the number, it is my favorite show but that one is around the start and that was years ago Happy holidays to u too
wait? isnt this the last season?
wait what?
cartman even got his own bathroom
oh, i get ur answer but i think u asnwered to the wrong person? or just missunderstood me, i was more along the lines of "isnt it kind of a fantasy to do both twins?" as a joke.
fornite es el nuevo maincra. god bless
pam actress has an amazing smile, aside from that amy is miles ahead.
dont like it? move on, who the hell do u think u are to put a price on other people's art
someone thats not from usa.
welcome to reddit.
as long as it doesnt include any form of "loser bracket" go ahead. plz dont screw up league with that
it didnt happen anyway.
this was one of those few games CG could hope to win i guess piglet was the issue
isnt it funny how huni gigafed last split and it was piglet that got benched?
u do realize that these 2 are the worst teams in the league right? that CG lasted that long on this game thx to damonte that starting tomorrow u will see how bad CG is.
at the end of last split for CG piglet sounded sure of coming back in summer and hopefuly doing better, so yeah, i believe that.
wait, didnt fenix need an split to stop taking an import slot?
what are u saying? that the issue with CG wasnt/isnt the ADC? pikachuface.jpg
"&gt;"if it was male nipples he wouldnt have been fired "&gt;upset because they showed the picture reddit.
i used to think that too, ggive it a try, the emulator has been improved so much it runs near perfect
is there a reason? are u serious?
i used to play tt, but its just pointless i wonder why games insist on keeping modes no one cares about, its like terrorist hunt in r6 and they force that shit down our throat with daily missions
didnt u see how good CG was this weekend? its obvious they lost so much because of piglet, without him they did really good didnt they? losing against the only team they could hope to beat..
its not about piglet winning, its about people putting theblame on him, it got demonstrated that it was bullshit, if u cant win against optic (who shares the race for 9th) u cant do shit, and guess what? it wasnt codys fault this week, nor it was piglets last split.
&gt; Nobody is putting the blame on piglet. just everyone on reddit it seems
i mean &gt; We exchange nudes not that bad tho
its called the "arthas" move
ofc mutsu is a girl, and a yato, that might be an spoiler tho.
why the hell does UN gives or has any saying on what media portrais?
i love how they NOW say that bot lane doesnt matter and that cody is good but they couldnt do anything, it was huni lira's job last split they were hunting for piglets head, and the issue is the same, look for the podcast, as soon as CG lost on week 2 they were asking for subs.
tinfoil hat on: i think piglet expected to be clutch mid laner and someone up in management said "u cant bench damonte, he is the face of the team", leading to piglet being upset or some shit like that.
like 3 seasons ago, that was the start but it got more mild with each episode, slowly becoming a tasteless version of itself, now i just watch it to know how it ends. i think they got afraid of the real life SJW movement and stopped doing what made the show interesting, instead we got shit like "gay jesus" which is supposed to tell us the show still has edge or something like that.
yet they worked togheter, so riot had to take down badawi and the team he had, monte being part of the equation is just collateral at best.
shitting while running? just like people who go to wendys
it took me way too much yo play this game, its really cool, whoever gets it dont just sit on the code, it really is a cool game.
she was prettier back then.
nah, ese carajo tiene para contar con bases mil vainas, no las vas a leer en twitter eso si..
la vaina es que la gente que no conoce sobre el "anime" piensa q todo es poderes pew pew dragon ball el anime es simplemente animacion, es como que digas "comiquitas" y pongas en el mismo pote a south park con los padrinos magicos hay generos de todo tipo, desde luego que los mas famosos por este lado del mundo son las vaina tipo naruto pero si te animas hay animes con tramas muy interesantes, para chamitos y adultos (no porno)
damn, to live in a country where things like this makes the news.
so, im guessing OW is fuckd with ashemains
i wonder why is 10 so low, aside from the gear system i liked it a lot. i could never get used to that double gear shit. edit: 11, i was talking about 11 other than that, i would put mm4 much higher
2 weeks into the relationship and never again? i mean it shows that u are commited and tbh.. no gonna tell u its ok but at the beginning is not that bad compared to doing it now i guess.
&gt;something about alts and patron' its changing. interesting
idk if it was me but it feels like mm11 dificulty relies lot on pitdying
daily reminder that rogue got in instead of movistar riders
maknoon :c
he still streams sometimes.
optic didnt really click in league, maybe they needed more of a franchise player or just results, its kind of sad but at least is IMT taking over and not some other random CLUTCHTHINGGAMING
lmao this acc is such a troll.
&gt; Just because you got money doesn’t mean you aren’t trashy. tbh this was much MUCH less loud than the usual video posted here.
&gt; .plus no guarantee this person identifies as female. are u fucking kidding me? so as long as she says that its ok? oh boy people up there in murica will regret letting that kind of shit be in some years when assholes abuse it, more than the seem to do now
my guess is that they avoided the whole troll thing to not make anything that could be "related" to dota-wow. by now i dont think they will ever make one of those trolls
nice
nah man, they will win against clutch
inb4 bang becomes piglet2.0, comes to na to get supported by trashy players and get called washed out.
only 100t could make azir win games
This
gtfo
i always use trash mail for that kind of thing so, enjoy i guess.
so are u saying these casting videos are... fake? my whole life..
for some reason people are ok with that, not that these guys are super good actors, hell even in anime, bleach? how the hell is that guy a teen?
with fire and blood
&gt; no switch release crying in pc, welp at least i got catherine.
NB is just league with less steps, this is a different thing, which is really popular so, its a better bet.
i dont think riot is aiming at taking out of league players tbh, this is a league centric mod.
lmao i almost feel like i want to check one of those extremely stupid subs they have to hate on league.
we have been asking this for years now..
that fucking persona bit killed me
&gt;Twisted treeline probably has less people playing it than Anthem does or Lawbreakers does Still more than artifact
feral flare ww, the days.
i wonder if the mod will stop receiving updates now, i guess they cant take the existing version out of dota2 forever or something.
and it fucking sucks, by far the worst attempt at BR
rings of elysium was the first one to have them
so backers wont play it because it is on epic store? reddit is so fucking delusional.
i will check out arti when it goes F2P.
tbh me and my friends dont play dota 2 at all anymore, i actually re installed to play autochess, but that mod makes my cpu heat like a motherfucker so i dropped it. ill check both alternatives asap.
yep
4.20 ww gods i was ranking up then.
i for one will never sub, tired of reading things like this post
ill raise ur archeage (i play it) with lineage 2
careful ned, careful now
because internet points are better than sex didnt u know?
i mean, as soon as people see it really working the support will come, ps4 has a lot of games that pc gamers want to play
u should know that megane kun
thats bs, trading with him as a melee is frustrating since he heals up so much
u dont hate it enough
&gt; Its a very fun playstyle and a lot of people enjoy it. yeah i enjoyed it a lot yesterday, poking the asshole and having him heal back up all of it just because i couldnt finish the kill, so fun /s
after what i saw last game on my rankeds, im ok with it.
that happens everywhere, for some reason esport fans are so snowflake ish about anything like that, maybe because these comments come from kids that have never been to an sport match.
dont let us down greek fans, tear that venue down with chants.
I Didnt know there was a mmsf4 on the makings, tbh i didnt play the 3rd one either but that was because i didnt have a ds.
i guess these will go into the "leaks==no post" bin
avatars you use in Teamfight Tactics
&gt; do people just slap that word for everything now? welcome to reddit
meh, if this is the "netflix clickbait" kind of thing, s01e01 shows the most they will dare to
u will get downvoted by the reddit circlejerk
this is the reason i dont even watch/listen to that one.
he is interesting, i would watch his content if ne didnt take 2 hours to say something he could have said in 10 mins
&gt; Naturally the only smart thing for HBO to do was satisfy nobody. the good old shonen anime romance solution.
u dont get how these things work right?
if every champion is unfun to play against, because they are all op, are we doto now?
its weird they didnt use skins for champion upgrades like dota's version which is kind of the coolest thing about upgrading it.
honestly one of the coolest thing dota auto chess had was upgrading to lvl 3 and having my toon use these really cool skins. i hope they do it like that (doesnt seem like that rn) because i feel it adds a lot to the experience.
it was an small dc that kicked me out of the match, in any other game i get auto reconnected asap, other games have u click on a reconnect button, r6 needs to be fully closed like some korean mmo...
even then, i should be able to do it without having to close and re open the game.
i usually call them with their old w3 names lol
i have to say that since archer started doing these random things like space archer right now, i dont really enjoy it anymore.
this is nice but i would be afraid to cosplay as a rainbow 6 character, gotta be really careful i guess.
&gt; I was really expecting this to take some weird, disturbing turn. on r/aww ?
classic wow isnt about reaching lvl 60 on a week
i always see hunters being rated low in dps for pve and not excelent at pvp either.. i really like hunters but i also wanna be competitive.
i can only imagine the assholes at pbe (which is most of the people there for some reason) doing it to crash the whole thing.
poor cat should quit smoking
did u just reply with the same video?
i guess its my fault that i havent watched the last 2 episodes but... an spoiler tag would be nice.
how do u even know if someone on the other team is afk with the new loading screen?
i will get downvoted but we think s8 was bad because the bar SET BY GOT ITSELF was high as fuck, it failed, yet it is some of the best tv u can see in 2019 easily.
The movie became one of those cult classics, but it's ok cuz mad828282 just opened everyones eyes
So edgy
But he was trying to make them understand, that he was more man than a horse
i mean, have u ever been to a futbol, basketball, baseball, whatever game? there are no casts whatsoever.
im not from EU, didnt know there was a train that connected the uk with the mainland, that seems nice.
&gt; but except for worlds finals it doesn’t seem big enough to sell out a football ground or something. thats ok tho, at least for now.
i dont think im the only one that thinks riot should use worlds to show stuff too. so, maybe this year they will do it since 10y anniversary is on oct, same as worlds.
if every champ feels like that, all of them are good.
the subs reads: he is ugly.
manga
&gt; Gary, Indiana im not from usa, but the few times i have seen this location on reddit its to warn everyone to not get even near there lol
how could u enjoy 3 after 4 with not being able to control ur party as a feature? it pissed me off so much
apologist
wait, is this shit real?
well, trashtalk all u want but there is a reason people have been playing that game for so long.
by eu i guess u mean russia
no mic, that would leak strats. i mean, paying to watch that is something that doesnt affect gameplay at all, i didnt buy it and i dont give a fuck, if anyone wants to pay for it, go ahead. now, having to pay to select roles in ranked, thats fucked up.
i see that kind of thing sometimes in rainbow six siege too. its really weird, like people TKing me if i pick capitao or castle? wtf a joke or two i could get, actually Team killing over it seems like confirmation of racism.
rust is the best kind of game to find people like that, in a game like wow u have to suck it (aside of reporting features and whatnot) but in rust? u can just kill them. also, muting blocking should be a thing, havent played rust in a couple years so i dont remember, u shouldnt let other players turn u off from a game u like if it isnt a coop or team based competitive game.
i came back this season because i though it was the last one, tbh i was kind of dissapointed it wasnt because the show is really bad now.
i wasnt talking about that, i meant playerbase. and yeah i dont play dota 2 that much anymore but i do watch it like always.
will do
she walks the line between normal and trashy like no other.
i mean, both are toxic as fuck, which is funny because according to reddit and pretty much any other social media site league of legends has the worst of them all, seems like the people trying to push that narrative didnt play any other games.
&gt; If you open the same stream on 2 different platforms from the same device, you will count as 2 viewers. why would someone do that? and even if there is an answer to it, how many people would do it?
fuck this was like that episode from himym about finding the really annoying things everyone does. not that i watch reality tv shows but i did years ago
tayatororooooooo
thing is they didnt even mention it being a priority, or even something they are working on right now. i know i know, small indie company.
implying the world is watching this
Daily reminder that sona has been picked against tl and lost
yeah, its not so much about being neat, mobile market is fucking huge, they should at least make it a separated game for now and then update it into being the same account/crossplay like underlord does it.
imagine watching got with another language dub. or pretty much any other good tv show, animated or not, 99% of the time the original voice acting is better.
i mean, sponsored by blizz, who would know they were going to win?
tbh i never had an issue with it
can i ask why is it that americans are so against showing their id to a cop? this is not the first time i see this and its weird as fuck. yeah yeah, the laws dont require u to do it but, if it can get that fucking annoying cop out of your way, why not do it and be done with it?
&gt; They are not detaining you but you have to get your possession back in order to depart. this is a good point, yet these cops dont wanna let u leave any way, i saw all the answers and i get the idea that cops that ask id are most of the time looking to keep annoying u anyway so i get why people react like that.
dont go the victim route man, EVERYONE gets shit on on any competitive games, not just females. just to name a quick example, crumbz from league, people have been calling him DUMBZ for years, imagine how outragged would be reddit if it was a female player receiving that.
i did from South America, alf was big here.
fuck sakes man, why did i think about it?
i mean, that was just an example, i invite u to go right now and search for "piglet" see how many recent hateful comments u find in just a couple threads, i can go on and ond giving u examples. that happens, i dont like it, but its not like "must attack cuz female" like people try to make it look like.
dude, obviously she gets it changed from side to side every few months to fuck with people.
im a curse/liquid fan, i know what im talking about
&gt; After House of Cards and Game of Thrones both had atrocious endings, I'm weirdly optimistic about this one. i mean, the bar on one of these is not as high as the others..
there is something going on with a lot of tv shows, they start strong and they dare to do stuff, then slowly crawl back into a "safe" place where nothing happens, see shameless and this one is another example im guessing they are trying too much to not offend anyone or something..
fuck man, swat 4 was awesome.
how dare u make jokes on reddit, REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
lmao it wont even get 350 internationally
what exactly do you think "people on reddit" are?
ffs there is no way this is closer to a disney remake than it is to being another ghostbusters.
meh, i saw the old ones, and im here too. i dont consider myself too old either at 31
i love how someone is just downvoting any critic to this because "WOMAN HATERSSS" downvoted you while u praised the original cast.
years ago
is quite obvious who the target is, it wont make them any money, but thats ok for them i guess.
yeah, plot was meh, do you honestly think this one will have a plot to remember in10 years?
fucking dumbo man, i knew i was gonna hate it, and i did watch it anyway.. my fucking dumbo man..
didnt know this was a thing
thats when StreakerZZ comes in, he was the guy u helped kill
i do like em
god, ur gonna keep doubling down dont u?
mosca y cuando les digas el avila piensan que es teleferico y vaina jajaja esa vaina no cuadra para una primera cita ni de verga. y no cuadres para horas tipo mediodia porque van a quedar hechos mierda por el sol y es chimbo.
they dont do that either lmao
damn
i didnt think it was that good but it is annoying, i went in not knowing it was cancelled and it pissed me off.
idk, i would agree a decade ago, lately anime sucks, too much censorship.
what are u talking about? shameless got pc now, cant show these no more
i wonder why they banned these xray things they used to post around here and 4chan, i mean, reddit i get it tho.
i liked that one, but if u ask me, the rockman soccer game had all the potential and more that mario strikers did right, so there is that.
the answer is always karthus
&gt;you can watch his video for i mean, if u gave out the link i would
beisZZZzzzbol
every team based competitive game is like that, stop trying to make it look like it something that only happens here.
this is a subs team, the moment anyone on the main team goes boom, they will get the replacement easy
sometimes we invite the people to our discord, it wouldbe nice to not have to do the extra step
this wasnt the original tho
so im guessing they just took the "betty la fea" brand and did something completely different.
i mean, no one likes these "tweaks" in any show that has an stablished background, thats some of the reason people hate gimple from twd, just to make an easy example, or why most of the videogame movies fucking suck, because these directors wanna be "creative and fresh" with something that people already liked, they change stuff no one asked them to change and end up fucking everything up. if u wanna be creative, progresive and woke, thats fine, just create ur own brand from scratch like they did.
shh, dont pop his bubble
offtopic: it sucks that i cant paste these videos directly on discord for all my friends to see, if i post a reddit link they just wont click it, lazy mofos used to just watching things directly on discord like gifs and youtube
i live in venezuela, i dont need the media to tell me socialism is fucking evil shit.
its kind of what 2 and a half men should have been if it was on showtime.
the good old "thats not true socialism" huh? plz dont reply anymore...
its reddit, i knew i was gonna be downvoted.
i think the community just half life 3ed this book series, so much hype behind it that he feels like he needs to come up with the perfect ending or nothing, probably will end up in nothing.
thx for letting me know that from whatever starbucks in cali u sent that.
no one does, but thats a way to get to u to rank up again this year.
as a plat malphite player im offended.. but you are right.
this will be my first esports skin
probably this pushes it foward
the introduction of iron fucked up with that big time.
i mean, its an extra layer of limitation to playing with your friends.
written like a true ignorant of the world outside of your starbucks bubble. spoiler: yes, it can happen like that.
lmao if english VA get paid in mousepads, imagine the rest of them from around the world.
its funny that someone downvoted you, that must be the most overrated show ever.. super stupid tv that reminded me of some of the stupid twd season 7-8 moments that almost made me quit it. season 1 of the leftovers was kind of interesting, it gets bad real quick.
i had to translate inland empire for a dubbing company, watching that it more than once, repeating scenes fuck that movie, seriously, wtf was that?
&gt; Por incel tu nombre de usuario irga loco, en pleno 2020 y hay gente que aun mantiene esas mentalidades tan estupidas.
why is that? are there skins that have absolutely no way to be claimed? aside from the victorious skinline i guess.
and its cool to have that option, since not eveyone thinks like u.
whats that one between ryze and black alistar? judgement kayle is the one of these i have, other than the victorious skins after jarvan.
it is rare, it is really powerfull, imo thats good
git gud, and also, a bit less gud
you do realize that this is opt in? dont want, dont do it.
because once u are 5-6 seasons in, u wanna see how it ends, i liked this show back then but it got so bad after these 2 seasons.. it became a watered down version of itself.
here is the thing, im with you with TWD, they fucked it up big time, which is funny because for all the shit people give to d&amp;d, they didnt have source material anymore unlike gimple, i kept watching and now the show isnt as bad anymore, it still has a few stupid scenes here and there but it got better, this just didnt happen with shameless, and i dont think it will, i will see how it ends tho.
i mean, he can even get some nudes while donating
this is the kind of things that probably are something wrong with ur pc, not a common issue or something.
who?
i mean, its not exactly a complicated kit
see, im regretting using it because i have enough blue thingy to unlock him.
i mean, its the new thing they released to get money for free, not gonna complain.
people hate that episode, i think it is one of the funniest
tbh and feel free to hate me, kennen is one of those champions that wouldnt just come out if it was league in 2020, some older champs can be vgu easily but kennen is in another list, its like i see fid and i dont feel any hype around his rework, even when i think that maybe all these cheap skins i got from him on boxes would be cool now, then again, probably not.
gay people are just regular people with regular tastes, they dont go around pretending to be something they are not.
i love how this comment got to be controversial..
tbf thats none of your business, u are protecting people who lie to get laid, how is that good?
&gt; this demand creates a permanent separation between Trans and Cis people. because it is, im gonna take a wild guess and say that the person on the video this youtuber talks about cant have children, just to name one.
&gt; white male here we go..
im gonna go ahead and say that if that person wasnt hiding that shit, no sex would have happened, or the stabbing.
oh, not at all, i hope that guy dies in prison, like any other murderer.
a fucking idiot.
she is the new irelia
no por nada el % de suicidios en la gente trans es tan alto..
yeah but would u ask if she is pregagenant or just fat? shit's scary
im guessing he is talking about that time he ragequitted his team?
never used that site but here is the thing, people over there like that? thats fine, they are not hurting us right? let them have their thing, why censor it? just dont go over there.
thing is, no one wants to be the next target, or get in someone elses "business" thats how they see it, not how i feel about it.
you are combat protected, they bypass that, how is that not an exploit? are u seriously that stupid?
&gt; anda volviendo a sus inicios de local de stand ups y música y alejando del merequetengue de discoteca que se habia vuelto. me parece depinga.
saw season one, from what i heard about season 2, im gonna pass
isnt it weird that everytime u see a video in chinese there is always subs? in chinese im guessing.
or maybe because he is korean he knows better?
ngl its super weird that their characters are completely disconnected from the rest, its like we watch bits of another show within shameless, even better, these 2 are the only ones that could carry the legacy of the show to some degree, the rest of the storylines are super stupid.
i would rather pay a bit more than having a downsized version of it out of nowhere, thats bullshit.
yeah, till u open it and u notice that this shit is way smaller than it used to be, then u say (or should at least) fuck this, not buying it anymore
this is the kind of repost that i dont mind seeing all the time.
&gt; all around the world classic murica way of thinking, USA=WORLD guess what, that kind of shit doesnt happen eveywhere like it does there.
the whole net navi concept was a bit ahead of its time imo. with current smartphone tech it could be a huge thing.
i mean, if he is the same CEO than Konami's..
so shameless lied to me when debbie gave that other girl the serving ?
&gt; I've always seen him as someone with decent game knowledge but not very good with people, based on the way the 100T situation went down. always? you do realize that he doesnt have a year or two on lol esports right?
is that happening after all?
not gonna lie, i always wondered why it took so long for food sponsors to come in full force.
food and drinks sponsors seems like the easiest/best sponsors to have, it always felt weird having these big sponsors like kia or state farm for na and not getting big food or drink ones which would imo proffit a lot more from having their brand on an esport stream.
are u crazy arthas? dont do that!
but that would be like saying coca cola doesnt need to advertise, its not like they have competition right?
it is, its just that the first thing that comes into my head when i think about posible sponsors for sports/esports is food-drinks-bets i wonder how long till betting becomes acceptable within esports.
tbf, had abbe followed him on that patrick engage, varus dies and they sweep the game, he ended up having to panic flash anyway to get out.
hey, its 2020..
if you start at september 2017..
i wasnt exactly interested in academy games.
well, what he did should carry a sanction, what the players did to her should have a much bigger one that the one that russian team got, that was disgusting im by no means trying to defend what they did or say that nothing should be done to them. edit: btw, mayumi and intz did try to get them punished in anyway posible, and she still wants to keep on trying to go pro, thats my point.
perhaps u didnt read where i put that these kind of shit has to be punished and erradicated? plz tell me where did i say that i like or endorse those things?
is this some bojack sequel?
&gt; playing those games on stage with no audience. this is as close as they will get to be heroes of newerth pro players
ya se acabo el BeiZzZbol
i would love to have a series that covers the rise and fall of the lich king.
so this region has nothing to do with the changes happening to the lms?
so now the sea has 3 or 4 slots?
not as obvious as twd plottwist obvious tho. btw, the american version of this movie makes it even more obvious, so i guess the original one wasnt that obvious?
uzi is messi playing with argentina.
if you are playing clash in bronze, id say you have better problems to fix first
&gt; porque en la práctica lo mas que puede llegar en venezuela es hasta 10mbps inter llego a tener 20
thats when you use that rare ward skin
im quite sure that when this becomes known someone months from now will try to flame me because i use a pengu skin ward
i think its super stupid that clash doesnt have it, and clash still bugs out a lot when starting matches and even champion selects
meh thats a blatant lie.
never been to south america have u?
Maybe he should go the support route? or jungle
wtf is this comments section
i actually think thats my favorite map, then again i play mostly with a 5 stack or 4
imagine trying to be a good lcs team and field in lourlo in 2020
funny, thats the kind of shit that loser brackets put on the table.
thats funny, i didnt get ascent today that much, couple times only. i dont really like bind that much
memes aside i have been playing since season 1, i think i hit my grind cap at around season 4-5 when i finally hit diamond for a couple seasons, after then IRL did make me stop a bit and i just chill at plat playing a couple games a day at most, i dont grind anymore but there isnt another game i have played for this long or that i wish to keep playing in the future, i just never got bored of league.
I think its related to, being in game funny to being toxic to your team, no character on any riot game trash talks their own team.
i mean, its wow and thats not a new game exactly, also it doesnt look that bad on the latest version. i would love to play a game from riot that truly feels like a triple A game,it doesnt have to be an mmo, i wonder if they will ever do something like that. i also have this "dream" of the league universe expanding in the future to become something like marvel or dc is.
maybe its because i play in latam but i dont see that much toxicity, i mean, we dont have something as "powerful" as the N word, there is racism but around here we just dont get triggered by that shit so in the end it just doesnt happen (and believe me, im from venezuela, pretty much the joke of south america thx to socialism) i cant remember the last time i muted someone in lol, other than the obnoxious guy who keeps spaming ??????
complaints posts are way worse in my eyes, fuck people being such crybabys and milking internet points out of stupid drama from pro players.
bind is the worst map imo
hey, i play jarvan in mid
i played it fully, didnt feel anything wrong with it, then again i never played that game before.
they 100% did a few seconds later
you can, if you open it on a browser
i mean, if patria didnt kill him, or covid, he is gonna be ok.
riot does clarity well, so im not afraid
just look at rainbow six siege, im guessing we are getting a big roster too.
yeah i have an account on unchained, so i guess ill just buy the dlc and get into the fresh server.
go wynn, inb4 downvotes
in 16 this will be mild shit, and so much more.
wtf is wrong with you, if you are gonna call me a retard at least have the balls to do it properly. also, my answer has nothing to do with her, just the way the world is moving on, keep on downvoting
they do, dont you see all these "memes" about "my team" pretending to be faker queued with lourlo and matt? they might be done as a joke but they actually believe these shits.
hey, im a flight attendant, what do you think i do when karen finally stops being a bitch?
leTigress is cool tho, dont see why it has to be controversial
i hate when people use the word cringe because.. they use it for everything and lost its meaning. today, i will say that was full fucking cringe and i had to stop the stream
so she isnt a try hard league fan, i knew that from day 1, most of what is said on any broadcast like that is scripted believe it or not, so if this is a "new person, me no like, bring sjokz" kind of thing, i dont agree.
hey, lockdown didnt stop thieves in my country, so there is that.
hey, i like olivee a lot man, always found her fooling around with TL awesome. that doesnt mean i cant like LT too, and ovilee said she would be around a lot.
then we need to get phreak fired ! kidding tho, i actually enjoy his casting.
lmao, i do think they will add a shield character, but it will maybe be something like braum, a "small" shield that will last a few seconds/hits, i would be ok with that.
there is a site, not for that exactly, but there is a site.
yeah thats why i said that last a few secs, and a lot of skills in this game have audio that tells them away to the other team, like jets
being killed mid dash can happen tho.
weird, i have yet to have an issue related to valorant, hope it gets fixed for you man.
isnt reddit pretty much that?
best chain of comments in this thread.
this worst community circlejerk is stupid as fuck, any team based competitive game has people like that, stop pretending league created that or that it is the worst, just the fact that the league community is way bigger than most of them makes people think others arent as bad or worse, at least in league i dont get assholes team killing for no fucking reason since round one, right rainbow six?
lol imagine trashing it because of the animation, thats just hating for the love of hating.
yeah because what the lck did was groundbreaking, if na did that shit everyone here would be posting "cringe omg" and dont try to deny it. the other regions just did the classic player posing and a couple hype lines here and there, but yeah, bad lcs is bad.
i think the cemu way is cool, having features forever blocked stings a bit and yes, im that broke.
DL apologist right here.
The Escapists :D
&gt; PC has the biggest advantage on everything fixed that one for you, /runs for his life
it was a joke mostly, i would like to have a switch.
hope it last
ITT: Everything is op and it ruined spike rush
ascent is my favorite map
damn are u that delusional? that might be a couple users here at most. i wish i had that rig
i can change it at any time, but i do get your point, the missions asking us to go to their website kind of work for them too, im not mad about it either, i still watch with no issue and i get a couple free shits while doing it.
which esport was that? i didnt even know mixer had any, not that i go to that website at all, and an exclusivity with twitch wouldnt suffer like that at all, lets be real here.
didnt even knew they had an esport, i guess its a match made in heaven that they went to mixer
justo iba a preguntar eso, esas escaleras mecanicas deberian ser un punto de interes cultural de caracas jajaja
it went way too hard on the social justice warrior agenda so i dropped it
lmao downvoted by someone who thinks latin==mexican mustache
no but i heard soteldo plays a mean adc
i for one always hated not seeing them on cs go or rainbow six
in the "we must cry about anything today and this is what we got" way
around min 27 we explore the stupidity of loser brackets.
hey, i use the judge here and there
any game that gets as many updates as this game will have, will eventually have a weird bug here and there. if anything im sure that this game will get a lot better everyday.
i have been saying this for weeks now, just stop plz
came here to say this was the reason i heavily disliked this game, it forced that bullshit on to me with all my going against it, fuck that. and for that to happen in a game where "my choices matter"? double fuck that.
&gt; b2s is choice-driven game so your decisions affect story. remind me again how constantly denying ryan affected anything at all? i had to wait till the last fucking "no" option in the game to get rid of that shit, and somehow i was waiting for the game to spin it again in a "oh well, here is ryan !"
i didnt because my motto is you dont do revenge that can be traced back to you. but i think i cut a few a chapters short by noping away.
wake me up when they decide to change that shit to work like valorant (aka as any other decent game) i always though the 2 exe's thing lol had going on was an anti cheat measure or something, when valorant went the normal way for a game it was clear that it isnt.
i actually like that, if im playing against people with more mmr than me that makes it cool as fuck, if i lost well, i was playing against better players, i get to improve.
this is a subtle way to bench le frenchs, watch the next week how they make a starting roster without them
it had to be another game so tsm could finally win against skt
fuck this bullshit, big sport stars never had a "job in the real world" either, some of them fuck up, some dont, that has nothing to do with esports.
i wonder if down the road it will be a korean players team or the whole T1 thing was to make it a team like this for other games. regardless it would be awesome to have them as a powerhouse in valorant too.
i fucking hate this age scapegoat bullshit
all of them got removed
why not both?
i dont have high end pc, the game runs smoothly here on high quality, as an example i have to play games like pubg on low low so, not gonna complain when this one runs perfect to me. edit: my group of friends are on the same boat as me, i can even have medal running while playing valorant no issues edit 2: i do remember cs go having a lot of small issues like, tabbing cs go was a pain in the ass to go back, it would take several seconds and sometimes crash, just to name one.
