"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness; that is life."
Someone else does what?
That's weird, because the showrunners themselves described the finale as "everything is explained, nothing is explained, and then it ends."
Keith looks ridiculous man. There’s like 4 different textures on his head, it’s like a Minecraft glitch.
Tony is dead, it was pretty clear for anyone paying attention. I'm filing this one with "they were dead the whole time they were on the island".
If I leave my wallet behind on a bus, I gotta expect someone will steal it instead of turning it in. That doesn't make the theft "fair".
Keith is trying desperately to make a pasture out of a lawn with creative fades and comb-and-paste it techniques, it is super obvious from every angle besides looking straight-on in a mirror.
They didn't take control of the camera and point it at themselves...
You can't really engrave Chromexcel.
It's like painting over a rusty car, it looks fine from a distance but when you get up close, you just have to ask why. He needs to just admit what's happening, and not paste the hair he does have into all kinds of weird patterns to cover his scalp.
Is it possible that someone who is removed from the situation, and not in it themselves, might have a more unbiased point of view?
I feel you, but I didn't say a word to Keith. It sounds like maybe you brought some baggage to the conversation my dude.
Would make for an interesting episode of Black Mirror.
Ok, I am standing here with a lacrosse ball in a sock, slung over my shoulder like Santa. I feel nothing.
Yeah, isn't there a bunch of exposed stuff on the way to the guts-layer, like skin, fat, muscle, etc? Or would clotting seal that off so it was a closed wound, like an earring-hole?
Isn't beta meant for getting this exact type of feedback though? Getting mad at them for having weird, broken shit in beta seems unnecessarily harsh, no?
Ugh, I bought a million dollar shark card when I first got GTA, thinking it was for the story mode. Nope. They wouldn't even let me get a refund. I don't even play GTA online!
&gt;people should not make choices for children &gt;But that outfit you chose for him is so cute!
Yeah this last season felt more like an exploration of one single concept, rather than a bunch of "what-if" stories about tech.
She was the star of her own show for 5 years.
Ok, the title says Bill Watterson made this doc, but he's not even in it. What the heck.
Sorry dude, I came to here to say the same thing. Imagine you were a pet owner who wasn't there when they put their pet down, and then read your title. Pretty tonedeaf delivery of a good point.
Pretty sure everybody who gets a strike does it by chucking a bowling ball...
It's not unclear, it's wrong. Your subject is the documentary, the comic strip is your object. "Created by" reflects back to the subject, not the object.
You could actually make it shorter and less shitty in one shot: &gt;If you're a pet owner and your pet has to be put down, be there with them when they go. It's hard in the moment, but you will be glad you were there for them.
I know, it was a joke! But for god's sake it's "clothes".
It was a date to OP and when the straight guy figured it out, he panicked. Look at the language he used to describe their time. Totally a date.
Yeah, it was clear that you feel bad when you said "Don’t allow on humans to pay your bills" and "Happy I have an education". Get outta here with your edgy bullshit.
No, you're edgy because you're in a subreddit about servers, completely umprompted, offering the unpopular opinion that tipping is bullshit. But you tip well. But you also don't tip. But you feel bad when people don't get tips. But at least you're not some dummy who relies on other for their paycheck, and your advice is to stop serving tables. But you're not trying to be edgy, oh no!
You don't know if maybe I'm in grad school, or a Mensa member, or an author doing research for an article for the New York Times, or someone who left the corporate world to care for their dying mother. You know nothing. We can't all be Emmy-level comedy writers like you, my man. Be humble.
I feel you man, I also get totally blown out when people adhere to a centuries-old social-economic convention that I arbitrarily decided to dislike.
I plan to be very careful with my son, making sure that he never encounters anyone who is better than him at anything. That way he'll grow up thinking he is the pinnacle of mankind, and won't develop any sort of goals or aspirations!
I watched that movie earlier today, like I got done an hour before this post went up.
At what point in DP2 would it have made sense for Wade to have a serious date? Or, at what point in any DP movie is Wade serious about anything?
How in the world did one bucket of water cost you thousands in damage?
The article is from Feb 2016.
I think they tackled it pretty extensively, when DP grabbed Colossus' ass, suggested they scissor then touch their penises together, then pantomimed a blowjob and kneeled in front of him to undo his pants. And in one scene Vanessa says "don't sleep with the guy" to Wade. Plus I think getting reamed in the butt by a strap-on implies a bit of fluidity.
&gt;a well connected Persian friend That phrase would sound so ominous under different circumstances.
So those dudes were all marked on my radar just because were near each other in the regular game? Gotcha. Why did some go red, and sometimes a pink guy looked like a cross-shaped flower?
Perfect. So I thought I was in some sort of death match, blasting everything that moves, and really I was just being an asshole.
Yeah, I kept looking for a scoreboard, or for the play area to get smaller, or to find better weapons somewhere. It started to dawn on me when it asked if I wanted a ten minute truce with someone. One, how long is the "match" if you can have a ten-minute truce? Two, what kind of death match asks if you want to stop killing one particular guy? It does explain why they all snapped and dogpiled on me at once.
LeBlanc, and he hurt it in a scene. The following day they had some contest winners coming to see filming, which was delayed, and had to fly them all out twice to see an actual filming.
Oh damn. So I was instigating a whole posse?
It was 4 or 5 guys, running at me in zig-zags from all different directions with knives out, then they all tackled me. It was pretty impressive coordination really.
You didn’t figure out that they were being eaten til you saw a corpse? What was the prevailing theory if you don’t mind me asking?
The ghost was an educated slave, of course it wasn't just Canadian!
You dying, huh?
Punctuate
Well, the saying is about bears and his statement makes it about skin color. It is that hard to figure out he's kidding?
Tweets from the 1980s? What are you smoking?!
Don't say who it is. Act like it's just a picture of a haircut by itself. But really there is NO shame in asking to look like a multimillionaire with a $600 haircut.
I’m glad you have one already, so you know the thickness. If you think it will work, I can do 1.25 no problem! Just when you put the size in the notes, also mention 1.25” width.
[Second one down!](https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/93qi5n/your_favorite_for_wallets/)
Sure! Just request it in the checkout notes!
The black I use is an oil-based dye and it doesn't stay truly dark black once it breaks in, the worn areas get a little lighter. So I can do it, but it won't stay jet-black!
Buy a vowel man.
If you park your horse on the animal carcass just right and then skin the carcass, it skips the animation. Trick I picked up in RDR that carried over to RDR2.
By the time you were writing down their orders, I think any reasonable person watching would have assumed you were taking the table. I’m actually surprised at how unaware of your actions you are just because you benefited.
“Hey manager, Tim hasn’t greeted that table yet, do you want me to get drinks started for them?” Easy way not to be the shark.
Isn't this a mixed metaphor as well?
There's something fishy about how many he came up with so fast.
What are you talking about? I have never been stiffed because my greeting sucked but the service was otherwise awesome, or vice-versa. How about working with a coworker who makes decisions on the floor that aren't theirs to make, decisions that just so happen to put money in their own pocket? What happened to alerting a manager that there might be a problem and letting them deal with it?
I didn't even realize it until I snaked a stagecoach mission from someone and they started using my gamertag and some choice descriptions on voice chat. It would take someone maybe 15 minutes to find my actual house address using that tag, I use that name for everything.
I feel vaguely threatened by this comment.
Then you ask the manager "hey, so-and-so hasn't greeted #12, do you want me to start drinks for them or anything?" Let the manager, you know, manage the floor. You don't just decide to take it and do, Wild West style.
Someone's crabby!
Many low-paying jobs drug test. So you are obligated to stay sober to keep your position. That's one example.
I'm talking about "have you smoked pot in the last 4 weeks" tests, not showing up that way.
Great find, thank you so much!!
I love you.
I just read she fleshed out the story, giving the whole exchange an entirely different tone, so it's a moot point really.
The best bet is probably Tan Chromexcel!
I can probably do one in the Mahogany color that the one-piece straps come in!
For sure! Just out a note at checkout and I can throw some in.
The paycheck she gets from the amusement park for being one of their characters.
Yeah, the alignment is like $50 of the total so skipping it would help but not too much! Man, car repair is almost as expensive as legal aid.
&gt; surrounded by mounds of comedy Annie's pretty young, we try not to sexualize her.
It's a great time for Sonic stuff, with the movie coming out. Congrats on your work and talent paying off man, that must be so cool!
Gamertag?
Ah, I was just answering that guy who asked what GT was.
I have an SE, which is like a tiny 6S, and I love it. What are you using now?
Updating can take a whole day if your internet sucks. How fun would it be to get a new console and only be able to stare at it for a day?
$confirm 800
$confirm 800
$confirm /u/AlpineOpera $800.00
What if, bear with me, you played the PS4 with those people?
Anything with autism mentioned in the title should get a free pass, get with the times Mods.
I remember this from last year! You get a long Christmas break.
The episode in Sopranos where Tony's in a coma and in his dream everyone thinks he's some guy name Kevin Finnerty.
Dude have you seen her abs/core? She puts in the work for sure.
That was my first thought...[poor little Braeyden and Jaeyden!](https://imgur.com/a/i7k2to2)
its protty offal
Your hair right now looks like a kid's drawing, it's like a pile of squiggles on your head. The good news is that you don't have far to go to look like a TV star. [Browse these pics.](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&amp;q=richard+hendrix&amp;chips=q:richard+hendricks,g_1:silicon+valley:Xx1APoVrE1Y%3D&amp;usg=AI4_-kQVLKw6aQfVAfYv4j0jjm8HeYUqXw&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwj3yrOlnKDfAhWs4IMKHQ6AAK0Q4lYIKigA&amp;biw=2560&amp;bih=1298&amp;dpr=1#imgrc=s5glCe4TGStgqM:) It seems like you just need a cut to shape it and then tame it a bit. The beard could be trimmed, if you want a cleaner look then approximate the shape of you face with the lower bit there...it's thickest at that point and is starting to obscure your face shape which is where "unruly" kicks in, psychologically. I cut my neck portion a full level or two shorter than the rest of it, and blend it up to full length by my chin/jawline.
Not an american Indian, but yes that's right
In a fire, you say?
Shut up man. People look how they look, too bad for you if that's not good enough for your tastes. Edit: I'm sorry, is being cruel to people for something they can't change not an asshole/bully maneuver? If you look different, fuuuuuck you, you deserve to feel like shit because of it?
Did you just "I know you are but what am I" me?
a lot
I was being a smartass. Pretty much everything that burns down does so "in a fire".
Really? We're not talking about a physical attribute here?
I imagine some criminals with guns just mimic what they've seen on tv. There's no "thug primer" when you buy a gun.
Unbelievable.
Bill = Macchio Stan = His friend Tipton was a witness called to testify against them
Does he go out in yard or something where you can't see him for a bit? That shoulder/scruff area is where they will rub into the ground when they smell something particularly disgusting. Maybe you have a dead squirrel somewhere that he's perfuming himself with!
I have never seen a guy who looks better after making himself blonde. But you did it. That looks awesome, I am sort of stunned.
Canine Seborrhea? "A condition that, when not controlled, results in a musty, sort-of stinky cheese smell due to the buildup of sebum and yeast on his skin." Sebum is what comes out when you squeeze your nose for example, it's the white stuff comes out of the pore.
Yup, a lot of deaf drivers even have special devices that light up when sirens are nearby.
The Stone Roses have a whole song called Don't Stop that is another one of their songs called She's a Waterfall, backwards, vocals and all.
"Yes, I've heard this word. I think sociopaths use it in an attempt to discredit the notion of empathy." -John Cleese
Same, I think the villain is the dude from the Donkey Kong documentary? It seemed like a show that should be right after the Xena and Hercules timeslots on Saturday morning.
His ankles and feet are actually ON the road.
I haven't been to r/iamverybadass in a while. Thanks!
Or, oddly enough, rich-ass Californians. I was a kid there in the 80s and we lived next door to a Qatubedene and Jaharla.
THANK YOU. That has been bothering me for months, I thought I was missing something because I've never seen anyone mention it before.
I was so excited after watching Leftovers when I looked her up and realized she was Proxima. That low voice. I had the BIGGEST crush on Nora on The Leftovers.
And by god it sounds so dumb when he yells "Bring me Thanos!"
[Big Head!](https://imgur.com/a/cSCVWnV)
It's called Vision and the Scarlet Witch, so we're back to it making sense as a prequel.
Ok Gavin.
And GTA. ~~And just guested on Silicon Valley.~~
Don't forget, "might have to go" is without the induced vomiting. So you are in good shape.
Did the story involve completely hermetically sealing himself off from the roommate and also rigging an rc car to open the sliding door for him?
Plus the fact that it took hours, and someone else pointing it out, for OP to admit he has a stake in this movie.
I watched it with my own two eyes.
I feel you, picking a username and password is like "whuuuuh?" and I just give up.
Yup, Richard tells him to "kiss my piss".
Now that I'm looking at it, you're right, I'm a dummy.
Hello! I am so sorry it came to this. I have been swamped, no real good excuse except that I am just that behind on emails. I will for sure get back you via email tonight. At this point it's up to you, full refund or I can send another belt via 2-day if you want to give that a shot.
Ah! Like nearer the wiring, or the side closer to the switch?
Hello! Matt from LHL here. Did you ever let us know about these issues? I might be slow sometimes, but I never leave anybody hanging!
Hey! Matt from LHL here. I think we might have had a miscommunication somewhere? I have never once told someone "no" when they wanted to ship something back for a refund. I actually rarely say no about anything! Our policy is that we do pay for returns if it was our fault.
Yeah, we definitely crossed lines somewhere...I don't have the capacity to write or send a check. All refunds are PayPal or back to the credit and take about 2 minutes to process!
If they weren't sure about it, and didn't advertise it, then the chances of it being included in their original price are pretty slim! You're bordering on choosingbeggar territory here.
Same movie: It's called Ant-Man and he gets small like an ant sometimes.
I don’t understand how being in the lamp for 10,000 years reconciles with the 1990s. They started about 30 years ago.
I feel like it was the exact size of a movie.
*phone henge
You can say that again!
Very strange decision to use his full name.
Why does everyone keep saying their age like it's so profound? I'm 73 and still have emotions, checkmate.
"y" you forgot that
WTF man. Extra virgin means it's from the first press of the olive. Heating it up doesn't change history.
Youth pastor, not "the pastor".
And I think op is hugging her own hips to make the dress seem more fitted than it is.
But it's sort of like eating your whole meal and then saying it was terrible and you don't want to pay.
Hulk did not fight anyone, he didn't even show up. It was Banner, with his computers and numbers and 7 PhDs, fighting Obsidian.
Yeaaaaah, they upholster school buses with leather. Good thinking.
You can chuck pelts into an empty wagon and haul them around. It's not tidy with a menu and all but they do stay on the cart if you drop them there and ride away.
The polar bear moved that wheel. The one that Ben moved that was frozen and let all the magic water flow.
Viewtiful Joe A Bioshock sequel where you explore the abandoned Wonka Candy Factory. Super Dodgeball
God damn, then he nailed the lighting *effect*, will that satisfy you?
Yeast Isle, in the same archipelago as Whore Island, just not as fun to visit.
There are missions set up that you can do. You can also interrupt other people's missions (you'll get a notification that one is going on and that you can steal it from them). Other than that, make money, buy better loot, and wait for them to add something else cool.
So at least 9 months younger?
Didn't they try an Inbetweeners on MTV too?
The guy that's constantly blocking waterways?
Don't worry, at no point in the article or video did he say he liked the movies or the theory.
Was this filmed in West Covina California?
How many classes do you have this semester? You can email professors individually to ask, that way you’re super safe and might even get permission when it’s normally not allowed. That would cover you at least this year.
I watched it recently, be ready for a some very un-2018 views on homosexuality and transgenderism. Overall the movie is fantastic though, it's still hilarious and the main chick is way hotter than I remembered.
Dude, his full name is on there. That's a no-no.
[Almost the exact same thing happened on an episode of Inbetweeners.](https://youtu.be/DtE2ZpAiK8Q?t=39)
Ever heard Piano Man? Stoned can even mean drunk.
The mom is super fucked up too, she's just not standing.
We try not sexualize her, she's pretty young.
This is the principle used in autosort machines. Have one row of hoppers moving items left to right and another one under it filtering by item, then another one funneling into a chest. It's more complicated than I'm making it sound and you need redstone, but you can see how it's possible now that you know about that game mechanic!
"Right between his legs, you'll see Niagara Falls".
This one’s new but I’m going to refer to it later!
They can’t touch the water when the boys are stuck on the frozen lake. How’s the chains get looped around the dragon?
It’s not usually like that in the service industry. You can’t just let someone go like that.
And not pointed inwards together so close. Destructive interference and all.
Saying “LEGO bricks” is sort of like saying “Johnson family” right? Do you say “the Johnson down the street are the nicest people you’ve ever met”? Or “that lot is full of Tesla”? Or really is there any English precedent where an adjective has replaced a noun and not been made plural? Marlboro red. Ford Focus. Kit-Kat wafer candy. All commonly pared down to the adjective, all become plural.
Ask him? /u/chandlercriggs
It’s the new “Frankenstein was the doctor”, except it’s just pure corporate pandering, suuuper weird for Reddit.
You're deliberately keeping the original noun by including the word "kid", these are not equivalent. And saying "John" is a whole different word not related to Johnson or family.
How does that S harm the brand? Adding an "s" to words to make them plural is pretty standard, it's not obfuscating the company's name like calling all petroleum jelly "Vaseline" does to Unilever.
I mean, same thing except you'd say Johnsons' to signify it was plural and not an intrinsic "s" at the end. If there was a culdesac of houses populated by families with the same surname, you'd refer to them in a group as "the Johnson who live in that culdesac"?
Because Lego is an adjective that we colloquially turn into a noun. Your examples are all nouns already. Colloquialisms aren't corporate edicts. Calling these things LEGO against all logic (which is why this is even in debate and not a given) is not sensible and has no precedent. Edit: Thought of an exception. Turntable aficionados call multiple vinyl records "vinyl" instead of "vinyls".
A played-out, not-novel-to-anybody piece of trivia that people fall over themselves to post about when the opportunity arises.
Because hyperbole! Maybe its novel to a few people, guy.
Its an analogy man, if you don't get it then just move on. Everyone's experiences are different.
After watching the first two minutes of that video I'd say "getting to the point". I'm so sorry, I feel like I'm going to hell for this for sure but damn.
Come on over, there's plenty of parking spot so you can bring either one of your car.
His joke was that Rebar is the dad.
$confirm /u/AlpineOpera $300.00
[Her Boy George cosplay is on point.](https://i.redd.it/37ainir8xi7y.jpg)
Why would Gendry’s new status stick? Dany doesn’t rule anything.
Have you checked out The Descent? It's right in line with your list! Ignore the sequel.
The logo wore off, but it's still a Small! You're more of an athletic Medium/Large there, guy.
So your theory is when disaster strikes everyone goes to the chip aisle first?
*did for a year
What body of water is that located in?
To be fair, he didn’t say it was HIS best friend. Just “he is new best friend”. Could be anybody’s.
Holy cow I feel like I got whiplash. So many quick zooms and cuts. Like, mid-sentence.
No
That's how interest and loans work dude. I mean, how much was the car?
Did you "use" it to create a different work, or did you just post it as-is?
Hes spraying forced water at a panel covered with gadgets, that wasn't designed to seal out water. No way he got out scot-free.
I honestly think it's supposed to sound vaguely threatening.
It makes zero sense between OPs terrible writing and what I think are the details of the story.
*my sister and me
Some microphones are specialized for unidirectional collection, some are meant to catch ambient sounds, some are tunes to catch bass frequencies, some are tuned to catch high frequencies, some are made with cardioids and some are made with diaphrams. 8 is a lot, but "all microphones" don't do the same thing any more than "all hand tools" do the same thing.
The shaved sides are a little avante-garde for the banking industry but if you come across as personable without being slimey you'll be fine.
Jesus Christ. I meant minkseses.
TL;DR Was stationed in S Korea, working in an IT room, and their Korean techs wouldn't let them close the doors with fans on.
This is 100% true, it's a type of palsy that truck drivers are prone to in particular.
Dude no one said it was all or nothing, the word "partly" is right in the title so you didn't even have to click the link which I'm betting you didn't. Of course genetics can play a role, and of course you can have allergic kids without being allergic yourself. That's how genetic traits work. My parents have brown eyes and no peanut or soy allergy (both were around in abundance all my life, ingredients and parents). I have blue eyes, and am allergic to both soy and peanuts. I feel really bad for you if you think your isolated experience as a parent gives you the clout to discredit scientific studies. Do you vaccinate? Just curious, seems like a similar mindset.
One caveat, if you buy a used GTX 1080 on ebay and it's DOA then you can file a claim. If you get it home from meeting some Craigslist dude in a Target parking lot and it's DOA, you just ate $100.
Your sentence kind of trailed off at the end there, unless his poor what?
They're posed almost EXACTLY the same, the fuck are you talking about? We're talking an inch here and 5 degrees of a head turn there and the layout is identical.
[Sometimes to have a good time, you have to dress a little lame.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwerBFJ5Ceo)
Being a Sunday school teacher means nothing. Its some old lady who volunteers to yell at kids on Sunday mornings. What a shit sensationalist detail to include.
Do you have a worse picture? I can almost make out what's happening in this one.
Laughing my ass off off off.
The sign says don't get in, but nothing about it illustrates a subterranean collection chamber under the bin.
[I have a picture of what I want, how is your eyesight?](https://old.reddit.com/r/malehairadvice/comments/bycprw/shitpost_stop_with_the_how_would_i_describe_this/)
Because his kid survived ten years? Pretty low bar there.\ Edit: I guess I'm at a disadvantage not being a parent. What indicators do we have that this man done good?
"So I sent him off to have the government teach him how to be psychopath, hopefully he sees combat and it psychologically ruins him for life. Parenthood is such a blessing!"
Maybe just 22% or so. That's how much higher the suicide rate is for military vs average citizens so we can use that as a baseline.
The idea of a parent being happy that their kid chose that path is insane to me.
Know what's dramatic? A ~~22~~ 20% higher suicide rate among the military...something is going very wrong and no one seems to care.
No, it means they are more likely to kill themselves. ~~22%~~ 20% more likely. But yeah, everything is going great.
I didn't really cherry pick, dude. Google military suicide rate and grab any of the top 5 links.
Teaching kids how to read and write, for like $10 an hour when it averages out. Paying out of pocket for classroom supplies. You?
Same with my family. My BIL came back from the Marines practically unrecognizable. There's just a sadness under everything that never seems to go away. And he was only a mechanic.
Fair play, but there's ~129 suicides a day in the US so we're darn close.
You're sure of that, just based on your own reasoning? That kind of confidence is enviable if not risky.
Reading and writing, "English class". I do tutor on the side if you need help with the comprehension side of things. (sorry, couldn't resist) Feel free to browse my comment history if you want to scour for grammar mistakes to discredit me. I'll save you a little time...as recently as today I used the work "minx" instead of "mink" so that was pretty stupid, but also funny.
My thoughts exactly! How did they figure out he could this, did he get hired first and then learn, did he used to use a template and practiced on his own time, is it faster to do it freehand, are they trying to find his replacement for when he retires? The mind boggles.
That's the Kershaw Redundancy
Good god woman, we need to know *how long since exposure* this picture was taken.
HE asked ME what I do and I answered, don't play like I'm throwing it out there on my own with an agenda.
If you felt nips that lends itself to bug bites. Allergens don't bite you.
Of course! Suicide isn't a medical diagnosis, it's part of the manner of death.
I don't know where this "helping veterans" thing came from, of course teaching high school doesn't do anything for the military (except maybe hurting their number by giving kids more options in life) but I don't understand your point. I never said I was helping, never said people should or shouldn't. All I'm saying is people see "army" and go "fuck yeah!" but somehow the fact that being in the military hurts people to the point where they don't want to even live anymore is shoved to the side.
Its a matter of timing...if the first comments had been disparaging and got a couple upvotes, the whole thread would become an echo chamber of the same sentiment. But people see a negative number in front of a comment and there's no way they're going to subject themselves to the same. And the people who agree in their minds say "poor guy" and move on, while the people who disagree get so salty that they bother to click the downvote. I mean, how can you downvote someone for simply relating a relevant personal experience? Petty as hell.
I understand picking the best version from all possible versions of what happened. Truly. From his narrative all we have concrete proof of was that he went on a hike ten years ago and now his kid joined up. They may not have even seen each other in between. He could have beat the shit out of the kid daily and the kid is joining up to get away from him as fast as possible and OP is a narcissistic asshole for taking credit for his kid's drive and determination. All this post proves is that he had a kid and according to OP that kid lived for another decade after this picture. The rest is people filling in their own blanks. What I know is, the military is sketchy business if that many people don't even want to live their lives after the experience. It's super weird to me that you'd love, nurture, teach, and take care of someone for 18 years and then be glad they're putting themselves at great risk as the pawns of rich dipshits who themselves risk nothing for the greater good.
Ok, you realize your title super-duper makes it sound like you got all this for free, yeah?
Right on, well explained.
I don't know...of all the shit he padded that story with, I'm amazed we don't know *how many* computer fans were in the room.
I need some color in there, it has the color palette of a bowl of oatmeal. A red throw blanket, an abstract painting above the TV or windows, something. Preferably a couple somethings.
Two things happening here. One, your lack of facial hair grooming is contributing to a messy look overall. If you made it obvious that you were shaving religiously then you'd get psychological "credit" for your look being intentional. Because if there is a stigma about long hair in your country, your stubbly hairstuff is contributing to that idea. And no offense, but what you have there isn't working. It's not a beard and it's not full enough that the longer length of the facial hair looks "epic" it just looks like that kid in 7th grade who could grow some hair above his lip and tried to call it a mustache. It's not good. Second, along the same lines, you need to have your cut shaped. It needs to look intentional, not like you just stopped grooming and here we are. Clean up the ends, add some texture, you don't need to shorten it to make it look cleaner. If you do both, you might change some minds because you'll go from looking overall unkempt to looking like someone who is on top of their look and made some different but deliberate choices. Right now it sort of looks like you stopped caring about grooming this time last year. You want to look active about your look, not passive or "default" ie homeless with no resource or care about aesthetics.
Bullshit. The sentence was NOT for ordering the chocolate, only the inception of the investigation was because of just the chocolate. The actual sentence was for the combination of coke, the weed, and supplies for dealing (presumably scales and bags), so the title intentionally left out key details to make it sound like a pot bust.
And you said to yourself, "Well, I'll let people read two full paragraphs of unnecessary backstory, THEN let them know I meant actual juice"?
Yes, that's what I meant by "no offense, but what you have there isn't working. It's not a beard and it's not full enough that the longer length of the facial hair looks "epic" it just looks like that kid in 7th grade who could grow some hair above his lip and tried to call it a mustache. It's not good."
The entertainment center there looks odd. I'd rotate the whole setup 90 degrees counter-clockwise. Put the backup coffee table behind the couch that is now facing away from this picture's POV and put plants on it.
[God dammit](https://old.reddit.com/r/malehairadvice/comments/bycprw/shitpost_stop_with_the_how_would_i_describe_this/). You have pictures my man, no need to explain anything.
Who is Sarah?
The scales are slowly tipping, Wil Smith might be the discount Anthony Mackie soon. Dude's dripping with charisma and Wil Smith is kind of played out.
Must of
Aaaand downvoted to zero. Cool.
The *numbers* say that, the numbers provided by the military itself. I guess if you want to just make up your own definition of entitled then yes, I am super entitled for thinking that taking a job that makes 1/5 people want to end their life might not be the best career choice.
I thought this was a pretty open-minded town. Should I post looking for a Trump shirt and see how that one goes over? (bounced you back to a 1, someone downvoted you too lol)
That honestly seems like a perfectly normal thing to do in the bathroom. What part was over the top in your mind?
Can someone help me? I thought a render was a computer generated image, but "real world" and the fact that the picture seems real is confusing me. Is any picture called a render? Or is it because it's a prototype?
I mean, I've been out of high school for 20 years but it wasn't considered douchey to fix your hair. And if you puffed a cig real quick in the bathroom you'd probably tell someone who saw you not to tell.
And the civilian pop has a lower rate. Do you understand correlations?
I wore a "Make racism wrong again" shirt to pick up a couch from a craigslist guy on the north side and he was a TOTAL dick. I didn't even realize til later what shirt I had been wearing lol.
But there's LOTS of CAPS and exclamation points!!!! That gives it MERIT!!!
That's ridiculous. I never once took a shit in any school, ever, but I damn well went to the bathroom all the time. EDIT: You motherfuckers never went to the bathroom to pee? BULL FUCKING SHIT.
My high school had one bathroom with these elevated toilets, and I swear to god this is true, they had NO DOORS OR WALLS. You would walk in and there would be some kid sitting on the throne (literally their knees would be at my chest height) pushing one out in full goddamned view. Like, you'd make eye contact mid-shit. Fucking horrific.
Fantastic, i was waiting for this *exact* phrase in response. I was thinking about setting a timer. It's a pretty clear statistic, you can do all the gymnastics you want around it; Military suicide rate is higher, full stop.
What a crazy coincidence then, year after year.
Ugh, don't get me started on the IJ crew. I went to their live show and I'm still bitter about it three years later.
But their decision to serve exposed them to situations that are proven to cause mental trauma. Your logic is recursive. Someone who naturally has a higher likelihood of killing themselves when they feel hopeless takes a job where the chances of them feeling hopeless later are waaaay higher. They wind up killing themselves. You can't see the middle part where the circumstances made them more likely to off themselves? If someone who is allergic to peanuts (and doesn't know it) gets a job at a Reese's factory and winds up going into anaphylactic shock and dying, was it 100% the allergy, or did the *exposure to the allergen* act as a catalyst, that would not have otherwise been there, to create the anaphylactic reaction and death?
Follow up question, how do you decide when to use ellipses, I cannot for the life of me see a pattern or logic to it.
They were originally an improv group called The Tenderloins and that’s how the live show was billed. I thought we’d see improv. Nope. It was canned jokes, scripted dialogue, clips that didn’t make the tv show because they were fucking gross (Murr ate literal shit) and that was it. It seriously felt like a group presentation that they slapped together the night before and hoped charisma would get them through it. Plus it was like $200 for three of us and we were in and out (with opening standup act) in 2 hours.
I don’t care about the points, but there are two things that cross my mind. One, the people out there who said “fuck this guy and his question” and bothered to downvote just perplex me. Two, with zero points this post wouldn’t have hit the casual feed and no one would have seen it. So it’s like “fuck this guy AND I’m going to make sure no one answers”. Just feels weird for people to be so adversarial with nothing at stake.
That’s meticulous. OCD is a medical diagnosis, not an adjective.
I’ve never seen yoga pants that were simultaneously too loose and too tight before.
It definitely looks like that outfit is on day 3 or 4 in a row.
Lol, I'm not even gay!
Thank you, I will! Love supporting small/home business.
Right on, makes sense. We're a pretty high profile place, so the first review that says "they stole tip money from me" probably would have an effect on all of us.
Yeah, I suppose the odds of someone pulling that at two jobs in a row are pretty nil.
I don't think that's the case here. "Don't forget the part when he got her pregnant and then said the child wasn't his. After a couple of years he kidnapped the child, a girl named Alexis and blackmailed Sarah... He was a piece of work!" "One of my life's movies. Such a great plot, such a great cast... Just love it!" "It's different, but here in portugal it really isn't consensual. No Salvador, but Conan may have a shot if the countries are voting for different..."
You still can, if you want.
The beard meeting the hair, from the front, strongly reinforces the roundness. You basically drew a big circle around your face in dark hair.
Are you shaping the facial hair by shaving it shorter in spots, or is that how it grows in from bare?
You can actually save a ton of money using plastic-covered paper clips bent out straight. They're insulated already, so they're safe, don't worry
I'm uncomfortable recommending that it come off, so I would keep it. You don't ever really look someone dead-on anyways and I think that's the only angle that's going to have the round effect. It will look better and better as you keep thinning down.
No man, I think it looks great, more on purpose now rather than just a side product of neglect. Pretty sharp overall!
Does the computer post?
[UserBenchmarks: Game 55%, Desk 41%, Work 27%](https://www.userbenchmark.com/UserRun/17566067) ||Model|Bench :----|:----|:----| **CPU**|[Intel Core i5-6500](https://cpu.userbenchmark.com/Intel-Core-i5-6500/Rating/3513)|31.8% **GPU**|[Nvidia GTX 1070](https://gpu.userbenchmark.com/Nvidia-GTX-1070/Rating/3609)|95.2% **SSD**|[SanDisk SSD Plus 240GB](https://ssd.userbenchmark.com/SpeedTest/25612/SanDisk-SDSSDA240G)|83.7% **SSD**|[SanDisk SSD Plus 480GB](https://ssd.userbenchmark.com/SpeedTest/131770/SanDisk-SDSSDA480G)|47.3% **HDD**|[WD Green 1TB (2009)](https://hdd.userbenchmark.com/SpeedTest/362/WDC-WD10EADS-00L5B1)|46.3% **RAM**|[HyperX Fury DDR4 2133 C14 2x8GB](https://ram.userbenchmark.com/HyperX-Fury-DDR4-2133-C14-2x8GB/Rating/3552)|66.2% **MBD**|[MSI H110M PRO-VD (MS-7996)](https://www.userbenchmark.com/System/MSI-H110M-PRO-VD-MS-7996/21999)|
Posted in the main comments!
[I think I have a temperature issue](https://imgur.com/a/3NoGdyU). I have a feeling my cpu was unseated and replaced without anything being done about thermal paste. Does that all add up and make sense? Do I need to pull, scrape, re-paste and re-seat that CPU?
Thank you! Headed to Best Buy for supplies, I really appreciate the help. I'm sure you're on the edge of your seat here so I'll let you know how it goes! :)
AND they deleted it a day later.
[UserBenchmarks: Game 90%, Desk 71%, Work 48%](https://www.userbenchmark.com/UserRun/17581351) ||Model|Bench :----|:----|:----| **CPU**|[Intel Core i5-6500](https://cpu.userbenchmark.com/Intel-Core-i5-6500/Rating/3513)|75.5% **GPU**|[Nvidia GTX 1070](https://gpu.userbenchmark.com/Nvidia-GTX-1070/Rating/3609)|100% **SSD**|[SanDisk SSD Plus 240GB](https://ssd.userbenchmark.com/SpeedTest/25612/SanDisk-SDSSDA240G)|81.1% **SSD**|[SanDisk SSD Plus 480GB](https://ssd.userbenchmark.com/SpeedTest/131770/SanDisk-SDSSDA480G)|65.4% **HDD**|[WD Green 1TB (2009)](https://hdd.userbenchmark.com/SpeedTest/362/WDC-WD10EADS-00L5B1)|45.5% **RAM**|[HyperX Fury DDR4 2133 C14 2x8GB](https://ram.userbenchmark.com/HyperX-Fury-DDR4-2133-C14-2x8GB/Rating/3552)|76.4% **MBD**|[MSI H110M PRO-VD (MS-7996)](https://www.userbenchmark.com/System/MSI-H110M-PRO-VD-MS-7996/21999)|
https://imgur.com/a/t7hmdhi
Yup! Back to 60fps at 1440 on Ultra. Thanks so much!
I tried like 3 episodes and couldn't get into it. Can you give me an overview without spoiling it so I at least know there's a point? That will probably help me power through, and I love Natasha Lyonne so I want to like it.
I’m confused. I asked people to help me like it and I got downvoted, you said it’s trash and got upvoted.
Revolutionary idea: have the characters age too.
Not true, Cracker Barrel drug tests every employee on hire.
Couldn't that be discrimination due to a medical condition? At this point if the state has medical, it's tantamount for testing for anxiety meds and then not hiring someone because they use them.
Confirmed that at least two people watched that show! Yes! I can still hear him saying “Ryan” in my head.
So did we, at the end.
Am I the only one who was super pissed about this record? They took a great deal of time and care to blend the tracks together when recording this album (watch the move, there is a HUGE fight about the beginning of Heavy Metal Drummer)...and the record is clearly just a direct copy of the CD masters because there's a break between every song.
You automatically get money on your birthday?
Yeah, tell that to my empty bank account.
Quick zoom. Quick zoom. Quick zoom.
You have to be top-tier to play pro sports. You need an internet connection to be an Instagram thingie.
I get what you mean, but "shadow of his former self" means a currently diminished version of what he was.
If someone picks a colloquialism that means the exact opposite of what they meant it to convey, sometimes you can figure it out with context. When in Rome, ya know?
I mean, yes? You sound like a redneck which means, unfortunately, people will give less credence to your content when it’s packaged like that.
Three problems. 1. When they have a kid in HT2 they celebrate his 1st birthday when he's been alive one traditional year. 2. And when Dracula brings Jonathan back into the hotel, and instructs him to play along and keep his human identity a secret, Dracula tells Mavis that Jonathan is "close to her age". When Jonathan tells his age, he says 121. That's not very close when considering the ratio theory, it'd be decades. 3. In an interview, Dracula said that Mavis's 118th birthday will be "bigger than her Sweet 116th" and also bigger than her Bat Mitzvah.
Sorry man, I can't see how that would be framed. "I got the apartment, and everything in it, the savings, and walked away with no debt. But he was such an ass"? And with an attitude like yours I bet that last part wasn't even true.
What does the specific number 12 have to do with the joke? That any lower number wouldn’t have worked I mean.
You know what they say: "Would of, could of, should of"!
It's an admonishment of the rest of the staff that did nothing about this individual being drunk at work.
So if one of the Congressman that Jon Stewart just called out was an alcoholic, Jon's whole speech would have been considered weak and immature?
Oh wow. Do you truly think you need zero training to effectively teach kids? Just having known them for their whole lives isn't a substitute for being a trained, educated teacher.
&gt; I'm not 12 anymore It's not common. In fact google the phrase and *this very thread* is the fifth top link. You're just reaching.
Of all the things to just sort of "give a shot and hope it works out", I am amazed that you're cool gambling your kids' future on your own hubris. Being able to read doesn't mean you can teach reading. Knowing a kid is not substitute for years of training, training in things you wouldn't even think of, so you don't know you need it. Not just for managing groups either, teachers spend about a year learning how to create an effective Individual Learning Plan for ONE student. Unless you are a super genius in a litany of subjects, you are depriving your kids of exposure to experts, people with experience, people with viewpoints that are different from yours, ideas that challenge what they think they know or feel. All of these things are a huge and integral part of the "education" experience that your kids are missing. Do you also do amateur medical procedures on your kids? Why not do it all if being a parent qualifies you to be everything and everyone to your kids? Not to mention the social aspects. You will never look your kids in the eye and say "your opinion is wrong" and end the conversation like an asshole teacher would. So the first time that happens at work in the adult world they are going to be dealing with something they are completely unprepared for. They will never have to deal with another kid at school fucking with them outside the purvey of your influence. They will never see other kids doing crazy stuff and failing, or doing the right thing and succeeding, or witness how other kids curry favor by being nice and respectful toward teachers who don't deserve it. They'll never learn that you can work your ass off and still only be in the top 70% of their class, or that sometimes schmoozing is more effective than being a good student. This is like building your own house from scratch because "you know what your family wants" and just sort of hoping it works out. I know this is falling on deaf ears but holy cow it's concerning.
You're the comedian! Jon is a comedian, writer, producer, director, activist, political commentator, actor, and television host. Being sick is not an excuse to fuck people over, in your career or otherwise.
Man, you've been holding onto this for a while now. Maybe let it go?
They live for the adrenaline, the nutcases. If you present yourself as boring with no chance of craziness, they have no interest in you.
How do you pronounce that? “Speeding-guh-guh-guh”?
Should of, huh?
The comment I was replying to was about calling people out in public.
bearable bare-able is, like, able to be undressed
Aww, little Gracie's so sweet, and growing up so fast! Can't wait to see you guys at Christmas! Oh wait, I don't know you and this isn't Facebook.
I was. Reducing Jon Stewart to "a comedian" is reductive and doesn't relate to the conversation. The point was that we can and should call people out for shitty actions, regardless of what those actions are influenced by...kill someone drunk driving and get vilified, but screw a bunch of kids over while drunk at work and it's not fair to call them out?
I think her point was more about all the other teachers who did nothing.
Obsoletize: to render something obsolete Smeg: (v) to pull out your [passenger] door handle at the wrong moment, rendering the driver's unlock impotent
After enough time had passed that this teacher was notorious for being drunk. No one knew on Day One or Two?
They have a "Sweet 116" party and are "of age" at 118.
God forbid actions have consequences. Btw super petty to keep downvoting me.
And I never used the phrase quoted here, so that's an outright lie. Anything for those upvotes, integrity be damned.
I have been the kid you described! My parents took me out of public school when I tested at a high school reading level in elementary and the school suggested I just "be bored" until high school. Parent-teacher meetings, discipline problems, changing teachers, it all escalated pretty quickly. The final straw was a teacher tripping me in front of the class for a joke. In second grade. Then I was in private school, where things weren't that much better and the kids were way more mature, in the bad way. Then I was homeschooled until we moved into a killer school district in the Midwest. From there I was sort of on my own and I hated every minute of every class...my high school was very high-achieving and I was not (socially) the sort of student they were used to. So I slipped through the cracks. An AP English teacher told my mother that I wasn't "that bright". Two years later I got 33s across the board on the English section of the ACTs. I basically taught myself how to write, until I got to college and had a teacher (a former published author and editor for a major publishing house) who blew my mind. I'm getting my Masters in Education at USF right now. So I've been in all the boats, really. The amount of information I am getting in Grad school vs just the undergrad Education program is staggering, and made me genuinely concerned about the teachers who just get their undergrad and jump in. I just finished an entire semester on how to write tests. That was the whole course. Up until the minute that class started I thought it was the dumbest thing in the world, you just write the damn test. Like a teenager who knows it all, I was so clueless that I didn't even know what I didn't know. I feel like that might the same for some homeschoolers too. You don't know what you don't know until you know it. You can't! Ya know? No? I had a high school psychology teacher who had a PhD and used to be a practicing counselor. I had a high school math teacher who used to work for insurance companies like a geeky Dr House, mathematically calculating the likelihood of certain events past and future. How can someone with a high school degree or a BA in accounting or whatever compete with that? I'm getting my Masters Degree, 6 years of formal schooling, and I am only comfortable teaching in one subject area, the area that I have mastered. Anything else would be a disservice to the students. Homeschooling is probably the best option for some people, for sure, I always go with the lesser of two evils. But to pop into a general thread and suggest people start pulling their kids out of school because its better for them is just as irresponsible as saying that homeschooling is not appropriate in any circumstances.
God damn that came together nicely.
Got a Bob Newhart album in the $0.50 bin and it's hilarious through and through.
Would you buy a Bill Cosby comedy album?
Hell of a title there man, it has a little something for everyone.
Have you seen her lately? She weighs about 80 pounds, she's not gorging herself on food and drink.
This is a reddit comment directly from him. Not that he's defendable as a person, but let's keep it real. &gt;It's not that I was born on third base, it's that most people are born entirely outside the stadium when it comes to entertainment. It's very, very hard to even get on the field, even if you're a home-run machine, because of how arbitrary and disorganized the mechanisms by which someone becomes "successful" are, especially in film and TV. &gt;But I definitely was born inside the stadium, already watching the game. The level of privilege I had from being born inside the stadium is massive, and I will never stop being thankful for it. I regularly talk about the insane luck and privilege of being born into a film-making family, and having gone in depth in interviews about how grateful I am, but I understand that that isn't as snappy as the "born on third thinks he hit a triple" thing people go back to, because it sounds cool.
They didn't even ask! It was like putting in an order!
No, what he’s talking about is straight up mindfucking Ferrigno and his family, just to do it. It’s actually funny, but certainly not just a manifestation of confidence.
Dude you didn’t win an Emmy. No need for the victory lap or acceptance speech.
What the heck are you talking about? Calories over maintenance = gaining weight. There's no making it faster or slower, none of it depends on your history. It's math. Just math.
There's no "business" conducted at The Continental, so it'd be a lot of checking in, checking out, and towels being brought up to rooms.
His TV show. Rumored to be him hopping around time and affecting (or having affected) significant events in history.
fewer
OP's mom painted dementia, she doesn't have it.
Oh weird, then the Mayo clinic might just not have access to the information you have? They seem to think that "Despite all the diet strategies out there, weight management still comes down to the calories you take in versus those you burn off."
Some of the lines were added after, I’m sure of it. The laundry line for instance. They seem to do a weird long shot behind him for a few of the lines so you can’t see his face, and no one reacts when he says them.
They had marble staircases in your high school?!
Who is "we" you idiot.
"I don't know how long it will be, whether it's for a year or five years, I really don't know. But you know, we've been touring straight for a decade and put out four albums kind of back to back, so I think it's time for us to give ourselves a little break, and to give the world a break from us."
Take it easy, sister. Not everything is some fucking plot.
That would be cool to see in person. I think ours just used traditional poured concrete.
And has no clue who the other guy is since the movie isn’t out. Super weird when they do this tbh. The girl ghostbusters did it too before the movie was out, like, make it more obvious that it’s about marketing why don’t you.
Except it's supposed to be "how did it end UP like this".
Did you know that you don't need an apostrophe before every "s"? You can just throw those things right on the end of "photo" and "Zuckerberg" there, friend.
It's one of those "Warning! There's an S on the way!" apostrophes.
A Cracker Barrel.
She's a testament to what good choices in cosmetic surgery look like. I honestly thought she was in her 40s. And she freely admits and jokes about it.
Yes, but mostly because you told us in the first sentence!
If you're ever in South Florida shoot me a PM!
False. A toaster actually creates something. A microwave simply heats things up.
There was no mind swap in Big. Did you see the movie?
That's a picture dude.
Datz on Central! Huge everything.
You really thought everyone was going to know that?
Don't be overcooked cheese on a floor-pizza, Gus.
Thetans are the bad spirits that bring them down. Getting clear is getting free of thetans. If anything he'd have low levels.
Xenu is the bad guy in the Scientology story.
So if your neighbors the Johnson family had two Festivas, it somehow sounds right to you to say “the Johnson have two Ford”?!
Did they kick your reservation just to jack the prices because of gasparilla?
The Oxford Dictionary says it’s “an ostensibly modest or self-deprecating statement whose actual purpose is to draw attention to something of which one is proud”. I mean, it’s not a YouTube link but I think they’re pretty reputable? Is everyone who politely disagrees with you a dick?
$confirm /u/barcamen $200.00
$confirm /u/barcamen $200.00
Except for his history of breaking into unoccupied buildings to hang out, you're exactly right.
It kind of doesn't make sense. They say he was between floors, but also say he shoved his stuff through the flu and into a room, which wouldn't be between floors.
Oh maybe that’s what they meant. I thought floors meant like stories, like he was between the first and second floor.
It’s “Dany” and “the iron fleet”. Don’t use quotation marks if you’re just guessing.
Is the whole slab ruined? Can’t it just be cut and turned into a smaller countertop so losses are lessened?
You are looking for a trainer my dude. Usually they will require payment for their knowledge and time.
If you have to take 2-4 then why only take one?
$confirm /u/BCboneless $200.00
$confirm /u/BCboneless $200.00
I think the fact that you had to give his character a title and didn’t need anything for Walt Jr says enough.
The Boy Scouts have been doing it for a while. They put forth their leaders as trustworthy and they weren’t so the Boy Scouts are financially liable for the damage caused.
They sure do, going so far as to hire private investigators.
Thanks. I cannot stand when people out quotes around things and they are wrong. Take three seconds to confirm you have it right, or don’t put quotation marks.
Aka Ghostfacer from Supernatural.
All on my walls are concrete. You get a masonry bit and some rated anchors...then hang anything you want.
We can see what you’re replying to, you didn’t have to quote the whole thing.
We can see what you’re replying to, you didn’t have to quote the whole thing.
We can see what you’re replying to, you didn’t have to quote the whole thing.
All the feels?
Miss running-shoes and her pal scrubs-bathrobe girl really pull the team together.
Every once in a while you gotta say fuck it and go full-on Paula Poundstone.
Just out of curiosity how are you going to delete other people's comments?
Casually? How does a flood show that its being serious?
Seth Myers has a bit about France and proposals in his latest special.
It's "no holds barred" as in a wrestling match where anything goes.
Please don't think you can roll into town and snag a bartending gig any easier than any other job.
Put in the time effort and money and then complain. They’re diminishing her stature by not stating her credentials.
Hey! Have you heard about the global pandemic? WTF are you doing going on vacations?!
I hear that. Well at least you got to go out and do something!
I see nothing but masks in this video. Go figure, the kind of people who protest for justice are also conscientious about others' health.
Inference is up to the listener. Implication is up to the person talking.
Oh, sorry. You said "en route" which usually means you're on the way lol.
Oh yikes, yeah especially now.
https://grufity.com/blogs/1591111606729/Florida-counties-see-a-faster-rise-in-cases-after-the-reopening
https://grufity.com/blogs/1591111606729/Florida-counties-see-a-faster-rise-in-cases-after-the-reopening
https://grufity.com/blogs/1591111606729/Florida-counties-see-a-faster-rise-in-cases-after-the-reopening
You do realize it's not as simple as "survive and you're fine" right? People are walking away with long-term side effects. The virus can trigger Kawasaki disease in kids. It's not like you get it and are fine in 2 weeks.
You truly can’t see the correlation between those tourist hot spots and a spike in cases? Total coincidence?
Try a hyphen my man. Damn that was hard to read.
Something tells me that packing Parks and Rec wall to wall isn't what the CDC meant by a gradual re-opening. And doesn't the CDC guideline for moving through phases rely heavily on tests results? I haven't seen a test, have you? But have you seen the mysteriously-high (like 4x) numbers for Pneumonia in Florida? I'm sure that's a coincidence and not shuffling data around to look like something it's not.
One could say that stealing other peoples' music, or putting out catchy unoriginal music is an art form, no?
Good god man, are phylums and species just pigeonholing biology? We need some sort of baseline to categorize things. I think we can agree that some music shared common elements and can be grouped together as vastly different from music that shares other common elements, no? I mean, "show tune instrumentals" is a genre that Eminem wouldn't fit into...so all music isn't just music.
Hilarious. But in a "laughing at you, not with you" way.
I guess it comes down to your definition of essential. Is giant Jenga at Parks and Rec essential? Is halting the murder of minorities by authority figures essential?
Ok? Can I only use words from your post for you to understand? Hopefully these are all in your vocabulary: Some things are important and some are not. The "bros" might feel that protesting the murder of innocent people is worth going out for, but drinking beer next to 40 strangers isn't. You can protest with a mask on, you cannot drink beer that way.
Holy shit. I am explaining a mindset, a direct response to your question (which wasn't really a question, it was a statement couched as a question but moving on). One thing is important. One is not. Is stopping the murder of black people worth a risk? Is eating a burrito at a table in public vs at home on your couch important? Can you eat that burrito in public with a mask on?
Don’t wanna know? Don’t act like you’re asking.
Ohh ok so you were literally asking for protestors addresses and/or timestamps for their daily movements throughout the demonstrations. Perfectly logical.
Well with "where my bros at" you were either asking for an ideology or geography. Seems like you aren't interested in either, so what was the actual point of your "question"?
At what point was i offended lol? So you're like a little kid just looking for reactions on the internet, there's a word for that...
His parents own it.
Not the first person I've heard this from, dating back to 2001 when I moved here...
I know right, *you* should be the one with free time, with all the time you save typing "ur" instead of you're.
Look at the ads on Reddit alone. They seem to be using inside jokes that...people who haven't watched it won't get? So what's the strategy? Just seems like a misfire in so many ways.
They also had Theo talk about his father's sweaters.
Him going up there was super integral to the plot, he HAD to go up there.
Did you see the numbers on Florida and Pneumonia? “According to the CDC, so far this year, Florida has had 1,762 deaths from COVID-19 and 5,185 from pneumonia. Average pneumonia deaths in Florida from 2013-2018 for the same time period are 918.” So let's say every single one of those Covid deaths was not Covid. We are STILL looking at a 3,000+ rise in cases of pneumonia. Coincidence? Or 4k more dead from Covid probably?
Yeah [this](https://grufity.com/blogs/1591111606729/Florida-counties-see-a-faster-rise-in-cases-after-the-reopening) is totally not happening. [Notice anything spikier about our weekly spike?](https://imgur.com/a/eHlrsAv)
I think probably the CDC knows what's best for us. Like, how arrogant do you have to be to think your intuition is giving you better direction than a billion-dollar funded think tank of unbiased scientists and doctors? Going back to work is one thing. Why the fuck is Parks and Rec packed wall to wall, no mask in sight? It's a room full of people following their hearts, room provided by someone following their bank account balance.
Thanks for providing the still shot, super helpful. I can FEEL him saying it, from how he looks. https://youtu.be/EV6tAmGfXjQ?t=96
How about a white sticker that you can write on, put it on a normal quarter?
It's a pun, more clever than laugh-out-loud.
You are using a different article completely and saying I didn't read the one I provided? That makes zero sense. Do you think it's possible that Newsweek could more unbiased about Florida's number than the Miami Herald?
Ageist.
If it was apparent, there would be no need for a TIL, we'd all have seen it.
Do you really not see a difference in risk vs reward in going out for beers and giant Jenga vs marching for people not to be murdered in the streets for their skin color?
Yeah, exactly. You'd probably hurt someone real bad for trying to rape your sister but not for bumping into your cart at Publix.
Yeah but if they were old who cares right? The mantra of the sociopath.
You literally said “well they were only expected to live a little while longer”, what else would the implication be, but that their deaths were about to happen anyways so :shrug:?
I was trying to figure out what my man Keith has been doing to his hair. Looks like 4 directions of combover trying to make it work. Just shave it Keith, it’s time.
Bud, you're way past "starting to thin". I'd take it off.
"Something like this please" as you show them that picture.
You realize the outside of that mask is covered in germs and you are basically turning it into a feedbag of virus particles for your nose?
We get it, you just finished your first philosophy class, it's adorable. &gt;"The average age of those who’ve died was 77 years old." &gt;Life expectancy in the US is 78 years old.
Happy did that in Far From Home. Like, almost exactly.
Interestingly, the second wave of the Spanish Flu hit the upper class the hardest.
I've been bombarding their facebook page, commenting on every new dog they post for adoption that hopefully they won't willingly release it to an abusive situation like they did with Amy Cooper.
Ok no. It was not good, but the dog was essentially fine.
Banter involves an exchange.
"maracca" And why the apostrophe? Needed something to hang the S on?
Right? Michael will be giving some actual insight and analysis and Steve busts in with the next plot point like they're on a schedule and he needs to move it along. And then he points out obvious jokes like he's got the inside scoop. I do like how Steve doesn't give a fuck about talking shit about other actors.
Most of his life was preceded by him eating deli meats.
Oh man, I work at Datz and have been considering going back. No good still?
No matter what the police union won't actually be directly hurt by misdoings of officers. That's what insurance is for. Even these lawsuits where people win millions, its paid by insurance and reinsurance companies on multiple layers. Like the Catholic church...they aren't paying their victims, insurance companies are. Same with the BSA.
Is there a way to find the historical data, or do you just keep track of the past on your own?
I found an [article in TBT](https://www.tampabay.com/news/health/2020/04/02/heres-how-many-hospital-beds-are-available-in-tampa-bay-right-now/) with a snapshot from 4/2. Honestly, Pinellas hasn't budged that much, maybe 40 more ICU patients now than 4/2, which makes sense since more people are out and about doing weird shit and getting hurt.
That’s a weird ass thing to think about a lot.
And they had Tony not even notice Members Only because AJ came in right behind him.
Just rewatched. Not only did Bobby get the "bet you never even hear it" line twice but when Sil is in the restaurant when that hit goes down, he tells Tony that he never even heard it until it was over. Also that morning, the shot of Tony waking up is overhead, him on a pillow, organ music playing. As if he was in a casket in a funeral.
The season started with an episode called "Members Only" and the guy who comes out of the bathroom before the blackout (a la Michael Corleone in Tony's favorite scene) was wearing a Members Only jacket.
Misdirect for the audience.
Plus oranges and cats everywhere for 3 episodes, like Coppola.
Yeah, I abandoned using the lines in the roads, personal choice ya know? I just sort of meander around now. Good luck out there.
Oh shut the fuck up, it’s a legit pandemic so it’s different you twat.
I heard he sometimes doesn't rinse recyclables before putting them out.
expunge?
Like this post. Just begging, no one in the picture is being choosy.
I mean come on, he saw huge career opportunity to be in a Scorcese film so he did what he had to do to get into it.
*and me
What a load of shit. Your hands would go numb, so would the kid's scalp, and any topical numbing agent would take a bit to kick in, rendering it practically useless with soap in the eyes. I use no more tears baby shampoo on my dog. Let me guess, your uncle works for Nintendo?
Its an urban myth. * Anything that can be used to numb pain (basically lidocaine is the only choice) could be seriously toxic to babies via absorption, much more so with accidental ingestion like eating bubbles. * There is nothing on the "mild" side, lidocaine only comes in dilutions, which would be null anyways since this would be diluted by...the water. * The strongest stuff takes a bit to kick in, ask anyone who's gotten any dental work recently. * Even if it did exist in the shampoo and did work on eyes...it would work waaay more effectively on the hands which have way higher nerve density, and are soaked in the stuff whereas a drop in the eyes is too much. It would be obvious. Tear-free shampoo omits surfectants, usually sodium lauryl sulfate. That's the magic. Stop bullshitting, or at least stop standing by something that makes zero sense and has been summarily debunked.
That's like 2 years reddit time.
Now I'm second-guessing everything about myself, I assumed he was adopted.
tenets
Nooo. Would you say "new band for I"?
Keep telling yourself that. But at some point do me a favor and wonder why you and The Idiot (he's so dumb that's all I have to say and you know who I mean) have the same exact opinion.
It's not a pass-fail system. And its a new virus. People are surviving, but with diminished lung capacity, auto-immune problems, kidney damage, some have heart attacks or strokes after recovering because it attacks the vascular system, it's triggering Kawasaki disease in kids...it's not like if you live you're guaranteed to just go back to normal. The problem here is that your ignorance and hubris are affecting other people, not just you.
In Florida at least "died of pneumonia" is the catch-all. Since Covid started Pneumonia deaths have quadrupled. So weird right?
I don't know man. I've decided that when my parents go, I do too. I'm just...tired of life in a way I cannot even describe, and I don't think I should be forced to play it out. I am over it. But I just couldn't do that to them, so I will wait 5-10 more years for them to pass and then it's adios buckaroos. It's something I have concluded over the last year, nothing emotional or rash about it. It's like when you play a match online and die, but have to watch the rest of your squad play out the game anyways. I failed at life, I admit it, I don't want to sit here for 40 more years acknowledging it and watching everyone else keep playing and having fun.
That's not how percentages work, no. If we test 100 people today and get 3 positives, then test 200 people tomorrow and get 8 positives, that's a percentage increase, not just an increase in the number of cases.
they're not moving
Bud, the deinonychus existed 125 million years ago. I don't know how old you are, but I am pretty sure you didn't think of it first.
*and me
It’s deep-seated. Edit: just trying to help out, sorry dudes. If he puts that phrase in a work email it's gonna be embarrassing, fuck me for trying to help.
Makes me want to do a tubby.
I am not defending him, but at the same time I have not seen one concise screenshot where he was informed of someone’s age and pursued it further. It’s always a screenshot and the caption “I was 17” or they mention their age in the texts and he stops. Is there a comprehensive place to see the evidence?
You’re doing the same thing, providing a narrative. I want just screenshots of him knowingly propositioning someone after they made him aware of their age ya know? That would be open and close.
And even more to the point, the fact that he walked right up to the line and acknowledged that he was there means he knew that what he was doing was gross.
I watched a cop take his mask off in his car and walk into the 7-11 on 22nd Ave and MLK. Walked right past everyone in line to the Big Gulp machine.
&gt;that would imply he'd been going to Doc Brown's place almost every day that week It sure would not. It implies Doc has been gone and that no one has been there...to pick the fire-hazard toast out of the toaster or clean up the dog food. It's obviously the first time he used the amp too. Plus, is he so dumb that he didn't notice on Days 1, 2, 3, and 4 that his watch was off from every other one? Edit: Just watched, he is seeing that dog food pileup for the first time, he seems surprised.
You don't re-set a digital watch. Once it's done it's done, it doesn't become off. And it was off, he'd notice on Day One and fix it, not either keep re-setting it on his morning visit or just leave it wrong. He can know he's been gone without having been there. There's a phone. And from the two cans left loaded in the dispenser, it's clear it's been all week.
You’re thinking from a very limited but oddly self-assured perspective. Pretty much a recipe for never learning anything. I can’t help you with that, and trying would be arrogant.
Did we watch the same video bud? I didn't see any waving. And he didn't threaten to do anything to her. Simply held it on her and told her what to do in order to make the now-horrible situation end. Someone who refuses arrest and runs from a cop has broken from reality, who knows what weapons she has in that car? And later she proved willing to attack him.
Dude without her signature I don’t think he has any verification that the person he is talking to is the person who is the registered owner of the car. No country on earth “catches up with you later, it’s cool” if you flee from police. Like, what?!
Was this woman too dangerous to chase?
I understand where you’re coming from, but at some point police gotta police and they have rules. He basically begged her at every step not to escalate it and she Just. Kept. Going. It’s only fair if everybody has the same rules. And I’m sorry but you cannot straight up drive away from a cop on a traffic stop, we can’t just start letting that become ok. People have a kilo of coke, run from the cops when they get pulled over, cops just watch them go, and they obviously ditch it before the cops “catch up with them later”. Like come on.
Am I the only one who smells virtue signaling because it’s an interracial couple?
