Its an old picture from when they all went to Cabo early last year
True. It suited their narrative to show him doing all that except actually studying the bar.
If Stassi managed to get Patrick to film with her. I have a feeling Kenya may slowly start bringing Marc out to the public at his pace.
No wonder they all want to make up with Lala. They want that private jet selfies
They all love Brittany and glad they weren't making that up
Lmao Jax talking about Stassi getting kicked off Raya
They are both abusive partners
Urgh Lala is going to be more insufferable this year
She has a decade before he upgrades
Anything to keep her relevant to SUR
I think Stassi will be on her best behaviour now that is finally back in Lisa's good graces
I want Stassi to spend one week with Jeff Lewis
That would have been in the trailers if that happened
So suave
He looks my type but [that mouth](https://i.redd.it/hphof9nr17401.gif)
I think someone had said that James exaggerates his English accent
Next to the other guys and his slight self awareness makes him look better
No such thing as Belgian endives?
Now its confirmed but Scheana had me fooled when their relationship came out. I thought no one in their right mind would come out with a new relationship so soon after a split unless it was serious.
So underrated. She does slip by through the cracks.
I want to see at least a confrontation before I say anything. Right now Teddi is just a blob who talks in my eyes.
True. Just because she is a law abiding person doesn't mean she is a good.
She came in with an intent on hating Kyle and creating drama with her which turned me off because she couldn't make it believable. Just pulled random crap and see what sticks.
To me, she is there to make the others stand out. If everyone is always fabulous and OTT then no one is.
We got a small oil heater just for the bathroom.
I will take her kids over PK
Idk they are both taking jabs in their talking heads. Neither is going to mind when they watch
They both feel like in jest. LVPs jabs at Lisars are sharper because she knows she will take it
That music is Beverly Hills its so weird to hear it on other shows
Adult versions who are only 5 years older than them
For every franchise
She is clearly an outsider so she has no real connections
True easy to be punctual when production doesn't delay you on purpose
Is Dorit going to hold cooking classes next season?
Dorit you promised we will see less PK this year!!
Finally are we getting something from Camille?
Does Ramona still post about R+F?
Google mixes Ken up with a footballer who is younger than him
To add to that parallel Dorit has a bikini line coming out this season
Nope heard that too so you aren't making it up.
The only thing scandalous she referenced about her life on RHOBH was how her stepson Warren married her friend and in the beginning, it caused a rift between the four of them.
They seem content with going to Florida
Beautiful. I wish they could show it but then the producers might think they are too classy for that
If its roids Frankie really should look at Ryan from OC.
Let's throw OC Lydia from the 71th floor
Makes me wonder how legit her claims of landing a record deal was. But then it could be because of her hearing loss.
Australia.
I didn't read the article but the headline says she doesn't trust Venus
Can you get Mango Madness in Sydney?
I thought he was talking about Dali's melting clocks.
Could be that fact her husband owns a security company.
She has gotten this far why not up the ante for more attention?
You havent seen Jackie from RHOM's abuse of the word couture. Everything is couture.
I feel like he might have facetuned it to make himself look younger
Back to work from tomorrow so bummed! Summer holiday is over.
Some of them are funny. Good confirmation that these people aren't acting
Yeah she is too much and too shady to be full time imo
Cool concept but the prices sound terrible
She is desperate but I wish she picked on Nene instead
Just those 4. Sandoval still lives in his crappy s1 apartment.
How can you get properly angry if it happens once a season?
She probably thought it was ok because Stassi was still sucking up to her and it was her wedding season!
Neither does Rob
Its a Hermes bag named after Grace Kelly.
She also said sometimes the mug cakes would be a lazy meal (like lunch or dinner) for her and her 5-year-old son.
Idk the fact three members from one family managed to get Lyme (Yolo, Anwar and Bella) in Southern California which is almost unheard of. Plus Yolo says they got it from a horse fly which is also not scientifically possible.
This was thing 2 decades ago?
No one wants to buy that house. Its gaudy, ostentatious and doesn't blend with the other houses in the neighbourhood. I think originally the bank tried to sell it but the selling price was not worth the debts against the house.
She is 11
Its horrible! They don't smell anything but it goes straight to my head and made it hard to sleep last night until the smell went away.
He is making it very clear its a FWBs situation because he keeps denying they are together but not completely letting her go.
I thought it was Sheree
The Marge looks good in green
It seems to be fairly true to its timeline. There isnt Kardashian level time jumping
I remember in the first season they managed to do 3 episodes from a few days of footage
Thanks for the suggestion. It's confusing. This particular Fox range is an Asian product which I have been getting relatives from overseas buying it for me for the past 5 years.
KUWTK is always storyline based than being accurate. Like they will follow one storyline to its conclusion in one episode instead of what was really happening over a set time period each episode.
Thats definitely what Kenya was doing until she bought Moore Manor, sold her LA home and made ATL her home base.
It would be in Sonja and Luann's best interests to live together. Gives them a storyline and more camera time
If the ladies are smart whoever hired the pyschic would bring up issues the wife who hired them couldnt to basically confront them. Thats what Tamra did.
She could borrowed it from a stylist like those ugly boots she and Brielle wore
I am glad he is slowly showing up regularly on her instagram.
I have always hated the facade. Until recently I thought it was unfinished because it looked so one dimensional
Its definitely enforced in the UK. Not sure about the US.
Do you think it could one long interview and they are releasing chunks based on topic?
Her choice in men isnt as dubious as Vicki's.
She got Gina's friendship back. Thats what is motivating her to stay on.
The new Slither Barbie.
Does it have to be the main group? If not then Max.
Where in the world are you?
They rushed the reunion to get it done before the Christmas break so they can hit the ground running for Sydney
Unless your mum went drastically oversize. She might look at it as a compliment as job well done. Good plastic surgery isn't something you notice immediately for example Bella's nose job.
Is slowly appearing more and more on Kenya's instagrams.
That's my exact experience. I grew up in 00s in Melbourne so the term wog didn't seem as horrible to me. I would see my friends using the term wog to describe themselves. I mean there is the Wog Boy movies too.
Do they show Joyce's spanish version?
Idk if we are speaking in hindsight because I didn't find him that odd at least until the final season of their spinoff.
Alex said they were genuine college internships. How she got them legitimised is beyond me.
Brava!
She had to promote her T-shirt line and didn't care about timing.
Someone posted here about Rob's new girl. Guess she wasn't relevant enough to keep that post up.
Its cause Scheana always has the Witches of Weho on her ass
I am assuming during the relationship Vicki kept Brooks and Brianna separate so he didn't appear in the family background out of respect to her. Plus they were always on/off too. In S12 Steve is in the family shots but in 5 years Brooks never got a chance.
She looks like a mannequin
Potomac Charisse and Robyn are back for s3. They have already filmed the cast trip so it must be coming out soon but no promo has come out yet.
Dorit is giving them all, especially Teddi something to react to.
Shocked no one is saying Bruce from Melbourne!
There was some rumour that the reason B arrived at the trip late because she was negotiating a pay bump to reveal this information on camera
she can say whatever she like because the reunion has already been filmed
Whatever he is. His work is definitely missed this season
Same as the Bravo ones. A lot of them don't have storylines cause there are so many.
She cant shill TruRenewal after her divorce
I guess its kind of a spoiler because its from the latest season currently airing
True. If it was really said I am surprised Gina sat on it instead of reacting right when Sally said it. Gina is an expert liar. She believably denied calling Lydia a cunt in s1 and voila we had video evidence to the contrary. She has been doing it since the beginning so its not an ass pull from the producers. She has a habit of lying to cover her ass when people rightfully call her out and put her into a corner.
ATL and Potomac have this weird system that if a guy has a issue with his wives friends, he has to hash it out with the spouse instead of the wife.
Todd
True. The restaurant had been open for awhile before the show to cultivate the relationships.
Ah yes, Madison Beer the great philosopher
And a cheater too
Have you given Auckland a chance? Only 1 season but hilarious and short. Sorry to hear about your break up. Based on personal experience binging on Bravo is a good cure.
Looks amazing!
Yeah he cheated on the girl whose boobs Jax wanted Brittany's to emulate
The producers probably haven't forgiven Ariana for trying to hide her face back in s1.
Taylor and Phaedra are the only housewives I can think of who held extravagant parties for kids under 10.
I think it be dramatically different if Pandora dated Jax
No thanks. She was let go for a reason. Brandi's schtick is too predictable for the OGs. Evolution needs to fix their casting issues.
Amazing how much better she looks without those awful contacts.
Maybe it was from Gynns
I think the worst is Tamra/Tamara
Its very subdued but with Whitney, everything is a -5 compared to normal people.
I think Brielle's post complaining about the lack of Olive Gardens in Italy actually made it to trashy or facepalm
I want to be transported to that innocent time when that was peak trashy in HWs world.
True and colouring too. The perma tan looks so dated with brunette hair.
I thought it was an instastory so it disappeared after 24 hours anyway.
Its that triangulation thing Kathryn talked about. He wants 2 women fighting over him but thankfully Kathryn isn't talking the bait.
I have so much work to complete by tomorrow and I almost had a heart attack when the program accidentally deleted half of my work is about 2 weeks of work. I managed to recover it but checking to make sure took so much of my time I cannot be bothered to keep going but I have to.
I am assuming you found out about it from the same Askreddit thread. We already have a post about it. https://www.reddit.com/r/BravoRealHousewives/comments/8nr9dm/i_wonder_how_dorit_and_pk_feel_about_this/
She is saving that wedding as her storyline for s4.
He is doing all that on Cameran's public instagram anyway.
Thats what mean. He is not hiding the fact he hangs out with the SC cast members with his wife. The guy Cameran always brings along as her date is a doctor too.
Support the one from his hometown
I think this is a bigger issue in the present time than it probably was during filming.
I hope that was basically an editing thing.
It was weird. Only Kyle, her eldest daughter and the youngest were invited to the wedding. Mauricio and other 2 daughters werent
and Sandoval
Someone posted the exact same screenshot a couple of hours ago. Why was that post removed and this one being kept?
If Saint wasn't sitting there I wouldn't have believed it was present day.
https://www.reddit.com/r/BravoRealHousewives/comments/8olz46/thomas_and_kathryn_dancing_on_ig_why/
If you werent in the US/Canada I would definitely suggested Hayu because all Bravo/E! shows are there.
The universal signal for wanting attention
So true. Robyn said on Juicy Scoop podcast that Juan hated filming and then finally embraced it for s3 probably realising the benefits.
I think its Craig's head photoshopped to someone else's body.
The headline makes it sound like she is a newbie
The same page six article already has been posted here.
I get its to stop people posting reaction threads after each episode.
Jumping on the Pride Month sentiment
VPR does reveal things but hide things well too. Big incidents get out via social media or press but they keep plot points until it airs.
Am I the only one confused why nightclubs only play songs from 90s-00s? Isn't there any good music to boop to from the last five years? I find it weird dancing to old music from school discos and high school formals.
I am not even American! I am complaining about Aussie clubs
True. TRav was positively smiling in that finale confrontation between Kathryn and Ashley.
His delivery was so bad.
I think her flowers to the ceiling idea will eat the entire budget based on the ceiling size. Who is her ex-fiancee?
Vow renewal!
That's all she had featured on her celebrant account
I hope not but she her brand is associated with the scum thats Young Living.
I was expecting creepy but pleasantly surprised by snarky.
Imao can minors officiate weddings? I think she is 16.
If it's the same girl he went to Italy with, he denied they were dating and are friends
Her weird View/Talk kind of show or her M2M salary
That's definitely the reason they have the pronunciation right in the logo.
https://www.reddit.com/r/BravoRealHousewives/comments/8rf13f/mauricio_mind_blow/
They are for RHOC.
Its become an issue here with people posting stuff before bothering to search for it. Doesn't help that the reddit search function and using flairs isn't the best.
apparently Bravo didn't get it because the women were too feral for American audiences.
It will rapidly end once the reunions are done.
I know there is something different but can't finger exactly what other than not lining the bottom of her eyes.
Watching a show on Netflix about recreating old-timey feasts in Irish castles and they serve the meals a la Francaise meaning sort of buffet style but every time they mention it I think of Luann.
thanks for clearing it up! I thought you know each other irl
My mind changes almost everytime someone brings them up. I didn't like Carlton's nonsensical beef against Kyle and Joyce, it took her a while to warm up.
Probably filters. Saint appeared on Kathryn's insta wearing the same swimsuit.
It has been but everyone needs their karma points and there is a post about Bethenny calling Aviva out.
I am a sucker for any shows that combines history and cooking. I wish there were more episodes
I have said this before, Candiace wants a 1.65 million dollar wedding on a 165k budget.
I get it. She hasn't become over it and bitter like Nene
https://www.reddit.com/r/BravoRealHousewives/comments/8rnlci/bethenny_calls_out_aviva_over_bravo_manipulation/ https://www.reddit.com/r/BravoRealHousewives/comments/8rmep3/interesting_page_six_article_about_production/ Already talking about it here
Its a lovely place. I wonder if finally getting her place in Manhattan allows her to move her summer house further. Like Kyle's old house it seems to be bigger than it appears on tv.
It happens but people will always do the right thing and it always tips to the positive side. I just assume its reddit's voting system that deliberately fuzzies up votes or just people coming from r/all and being rude.
Other than being in the opening credits she has basically been a friend of since she got together with Carter.
Since we had a lot of new members here, will they add themselves to the map? https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=1Vc_inMrNPTeBiTUVjvdZv2zQNoE Its cool to see where everyone is from.
I blame the colour over the cut.
If he gets made full time on SC watch him quit/leave his job.
I liked it too. Its perfect for people who can't stand filler episodes because its a guaranteed fight every episode. Great for short attention spans.
https://www.reddit.com/r/BravoRealHousewives/comments/8sw9yc/ashley_posts_about_her_weightloss_due_to_stress/
I definitely would have if they were Western. These women are ferocious gossip hounds and they matter to my mum.
Thats totally it. The cast of VPR all dated each other but we don't see hard feelings between the guys. Or Katie and Stassi who both dated Peter.
I am going through their instastories for looks.
The things he says to his sons and daughter. I always hope its just posturing for the cameras.
I am sure there are videos of his best tantrums on Youtube.
Basically. But Scheana is still friendly with Ariana and Brittany.
James is hanging out with Countess Luann
I was scrolling through instagram when I found this gem. I need someone to confirm if its real or fanfiction. This is a rivalry you dont normally expect!
Thought it was too good to be true. But somewhere I couldn't confirm it myself.
BET awards apparently?
I hope with her full time position we get it all. I think 2nd wives club or whatever that E show wives had a similar storyline.
Lu has a very ugly side with her split personalities of Lu the party girl and The Countess. Everyone likes funloving Lu but no one likes The Countess.
I thought what they tried to cut out was Terry killing a patient
Photos of Katie recently have been scarce. She was away for some friends event when the cast went to the MTV awards. And no instastories from her on the day of the party. I think the girls all got ready together in the house.
That gets confusing because there is a Catherine on Southern Charm Savannah.
Phaedra apparently invited Nene's estranged sisters to one of her events in s3 to goad Nene. Thats why Nene was so hostile to Phaedra.
That could be it. Its bizarre that Kristen and Ariana have gotten over their issues but Katie and Ariana can't. She isn't in anyone's photos during the party.
A lot of times they can come off stiff and fake because they are forced to repeat what they say and reshot stuff for the benefit of the cameras.
So one of our banned sources said that the reason she was mia from mini trip was because she didn't want to fly due to her high risk pregnancy but here she is day after the trip catching a flight.
I think Luann wore her rehearsal dinner dress to the reunion
Payback for time wasting
I think Sonja is almost been divorced as long as she was married for by now.
She can't really talk about her life much if her husband won't.
It felt like that last year but they managed to keep the Faith bombshell off social media until the episodes aired. They show off their events but seem to be good at hiding the overall storylines.
Basically. Greg had a lot of debt and no longer the breadwinner. I feel like that's what the Dixon's on Potomac did too
After that thread here with the scoop from people in this sub, I can't see Shep as he is portrayed on SC anymore.
Do you reckon its got something to do with their age? Once some of the stuff would say might have been considered progressive but haven't caught up to today's attitudes?
I think whenever housewives say ignorant things like "my gays", I just think they haven't got the memo, not they that are deliberately rude.
I hope its just for TV.
Its like her 4th boob job.
I kept saying that in the other posts. Doesn't stop people from critiquing their voices.
I wish I could watch live. I just listened to the podcast again over the weekend.
OP I heard the rumour that he ramps up his accent for the show and to impress the Americans. Whereas in reality he has lived in the US for so long his real accent is toned down and more American. Thoughts on that?
I liked that she showed us that she was inspired by runway looks not something she pulled out of her ass.
Username checks out lmao
I know they couldn't say it on camera but I assumed maybe he got this role because he was a public figure thanks to VPR. But the fact he couldn't go to any detail what his job was other than do social media made it dumb. We have all seen how well you handle yourself on social media Jax!
He probably got a celebrity/friend discount from Kyle Chan as well.
This battle has been going on for 4 seasons. You'd think one of them particularly Ariana will end it. The longer they keep doing this the less I believe it.
Probably the only place producers could get permission to film inside.
Wow 🤣 Dead. I thought Harry ran out of RHONY wives to bed. Who is next Dorinda? This moment has to be filmed and discussed with everyone's best talking heads next season!
The arrogance Brittany is displaying is astonishing.
She does. She also worked at Villa Blanca too probably as a server so matching drinks with food is something she is trained in.
I saw on her social media that CHILL is her couple name with her new bf. Cynthia + Mike HILL
I hate all these changes to websites. Each asking for money for exclusive access to their content. Its asking for everyone to go back to piracy.
She is not supposed to speak to Joe and not get involved but magically has to resolve this issue.
You cant edit titles
If she didn't people would want her head for not moving on fast enough and dragging the drama down
I would lean towards that more than Kat trying to cast her own season.
I don't believe it. They might have put what happened in s1-s2 behind them it but not enough to be Danielle's bridesmaids. I couldn't understand why Tre had to apologise either. All the other kids were moved away before things escalated at the Table Flip. Danielle demanded her daughters remained. Is it Tre's fault that she released those sex tapes and the cringy songs?
I thought I was in r/muacirclejerk
Cant watch live so I dont join in live discussion posts
Since s6 RHONJ has been moving in the right direction. Less about the Gorga/Guidices and more focus on the other ladies.
Definitely is. If she was really a champs connoisseur she would try more brands.
Anne the champagne lady from RHOAuckland drinks her champagne from those old fashioned goblets
True people outside their social circle will definitely make the Paris Hilton connection, I did until someone pointed out to me that Hilton is a family name. She clearly chose the name to suck up to Jimmy.
They always do that on ATL. Hire a large group of women and tell them they are fighting each other for the peach.
I am trying to create a stockpile so I can binge. I listened to the entire podcast series again last week.
she has been really indecisive over the years. Her last boob job was her 4th
2 seasons? She only met Marc after s9 and married him before s10 started filming
No because he would have to pass the ethics committee or something
True when they aren't filming they practice that.
Since this was filmed 6 months ago I wonder if the beer cheese idea is still happening or got shelved and replaced by Jax's mixers.
The style is really old school.
Its that super heavy eye makeup
Its very alarming looking and that was my first thought that she just liquefied herself to those proportions.
I think there was a clip of Marge's Joe and Marty getting into it this season. Assuming this aftershow was filmed recently good to hear Joe and Marty seem to be in a better place.
You know who did.
I felt like it was overdone just because it's Danielle. Anything else and she would have had a tantrum.
I once looked at a picture of what I thought was Luann and she looked oddly stretched out and puffy. On a closer look it was Danielle really closeup with her hair curled.
&gt;she’ll be the first mother of a Housewife to appear on one of the franchise’s reunions. Nah total lack of research from whoever wrote this.
Katie has been spotted filming with the Potomac cast so hopefully, we will get some appearances from her for s4. I think Shannon has aligned herself with Tamra to become the Tres abuelas so I don't see her leaving either. 7 is the magic number anyway so keep everyone but add someone new. I think everyone should be given 2 seasons to blossom. This new Stephanie love only started in s3 because she decided to be open about her struggles. I hope there is more to Gina and Emily, just like how Kelly has become a fan favourite. I hate to throw a diverse cast member to RHONY. I can imagine the tone-deaf statements Ramona or Luann would make right in front of them.
The vagina thing I didn't think she was referring to cis women.
To me it sounded like she wanted to make sure she wanted to find the right doctor to do her bottom surgery and didn't wanted a botched job.
Nene will say anything to support whoever she is cool with in the moment.
Have you seen old photos of Michael Dodd with hair? He looked really good.
New girl was also in the audience when Luann performed Money can't buy you class in s3
Every season she brings in new hanger ons to do her battle because unless they want to play the game they realise they are fighting battles for the wrong person and peace out.
I want to believe they do.
If Shamari comes back next season she will be definitely upgrade her wardrobe.
I think its awful they are using their platform to give airtime to this.
Gina did say she did her own makeup this season. Maybe she will listen to Tamra's advice and hire a MUA. Doing makeup for real life and tv are different skills.
she doesn't make a fuss but magically gets the best or 2nd best room on the sly.
If thats true I am shocked Ramona or Sonja never tried something like that.
Depends. Like if Scheana has the audience backing maybe?
I read the book. Not a fan of the twist.
Tbh no one but Billie, James and Peter works at SUR during the break.
Stassi got her psycho back.
This show got commissioned thanks to a cheating scandal.
Even Brittany has her limits
Returned to her true form
Idk why I am glad to see Raquel and James stick with each other in this mess.
yeah didn't she confront Lauren two seasons ago about the same thing?
Nah it was the other way around. James spat on her door. Punching someone in the face is still worse.
lmao they have been married 2 years and still can't remember.
Large part of that always has to be with the boobs.
Wait until the trip.
I think Tom and Ariana said that they still live in that apartment in order to save their VPR earnings. They will probably move out of it once the show ends.
Idk Scheana does it in a dismissive way. Like when Ariana asked her to try and not have her and Kristen at the same events, Scheana's response was she hasn't done anything bad to me so Kristen's invited. Whereas Brittany doesn't seem so selfish.
- Stop the fuck - Lydia yelling "Can I SPOCK!" - The opening of s3 when they had that crazy book club.
Wow, Danielle does not take a break. Engagement no 22 coming soon
I think he is engaged to this lady he met as a guest judge on another cooking reality show and she was there as a contestant with her then bf. They were the sickly sweet lovebirds. The desserts at his bakeries are the bomb. If someone can make the V8 cake I will be in love.
I follow her on social media and the fact she does this and more during hiatus is definitely real.
Came here to say this.
They definitely maximised all publicity opportunities for their wedding - 2.5 million dollar deal with People for their wedding photos and videos. - Deal partnering with Google Pixel for their Vogue digital cover. - Priyanka’s deal with Amazon for promoting Amazon’s wedding registrty. - Several Indian online retail outlets boasting dressing “clueless foreign guests” at wedding by providing quick shopping solutions. - Launching the Bumble app in India on the eve of their wedding as Priyanka recently invested in it. - Rumoured negotiations with tourism ministries about the couple “vacationing” at certain spots. And loads more That’s one profitable wedding
I agree. Unless something major is happening in their life, their life circumstances did a 180 or they had a complete personality transplant they don't need to come back. The reason Bethenny is sticking around after her return is because she had one of those things and she is in tune with the cast. Which I feel a lot of other attempts failed at.
Kennedy I believe is his mum's maiden name.
People underestimate how much makeup and fillers do the job. Don't always need invasive surgeries
She makes very regular trips to LA and London.
Good for your BIL but to me it seems like the Marcheses are doubling down and going the opposite direction.
I think Joe used his brothers ID to drive when his license was suspended.
This year they started filming a lot earlier than usual to include fashion week.
This upcoming session?
Yeah Andy imo shouldn't be the one bringing it up first on camera. They should confront each other about it and discuss the confrontation with Andy at the reunion
My confusion only last until the episodes aired because Jackie and Jennifer are so different personality wise.
I paid $6 AUD for a bottle about 5 years ago.
To me it feels like people are liking her more because she isn't on RHOBH anymore and think they miss her.
Get that sponsorship coin I bet.
Thats whats missing with shitpost weekends, quality control. Sometimes its something so low effort or a reach.
Is it a midriff bearing top or riding up because she has her hands up?
The guy who she dated before she joined RHONY sounds like he did a number on Tinsley's self-esteem too. She has a mugshot as a reminder of that relationship
Ratings. For HWs at the time it was doing really badly in the ratings.
The rule has been wives from the same franchise can't sue each other thanks to Adrienne and Brandi. Miami ended before Joanna sued Brandi.
I like the NOLA synergy going on with today's episodes.
Even when its a minor?
I liked how the cast of Ladies of London dressed except probably Juliet and Julie. I also liked how Dorit dressed on her first season. I don't think I have seen someone go backwards style-wise on HWs before.
Shep and Austin hang out a lot too. The reason they can't string believable conversation on camera, because they were off their heads whenever they hung out.
I would say it started fake but they grew into a friendship. Like Shannon and Tamra or Carole and Heather T.
RHOBH is no longer a show that you watch and pay attention to. More like background noise that you occasionally look at for the lifestyle porn.
I doubt Kelly is ever coming back in a full time role. She maybe wants to appear more as a Lu's friend.
Yeah it was the worst because I was at a training course all day where I couldn't use my phone at all. I use spotify on my commute and at work so it was driving me nuts.
Here is Naomie selling a jacket for [$88 USD](https://shoplabeye.com/products/not-your-girl-jacket) Another boutique selling it for [$39 USD](https://www.sohogirl.com/dark-blue-cut-denim-jacket.html)
Vicki looked like she took a valium or something for the reunion, she was downcast in the reunion
I agree. They really should have just focused on the flakiness for now. A flaky friend is frustrating as hell.
Just to get the average age of the guys down.
Its worse. I think Luann said she was too upset from what Sonja said that she couldn't leave her room to check if she was ok
I wish we had an audio clip of the original for a comparison.
The thin skinned ones probably do. Like Jax.
His and Hers mugshots?
I was looking forward to someone putting this together.
Idk if it applies to Kristen but I no matter if I wax or shave my underarms it stays darker than the skin on other parts of my body like a 5 o'clock shadow.
I thought Lu was dating her manager or something
Those are real because they are a collaboration with the brand French Sole.
No she just met him. His type seems to be blondes.
Kristen is currently on a sponsored cruise around the Mediterranian
I like to think its all Whitney's idea.
I like how Jon took Jeff under his wing for a makeover. That boost to his confidence was enough imo
She did refer to herself as Elle Woods in the first episode in s1
You should post this in the post episode thread.
A lot of us wanna see someone break rank and turn on the group plus expose them.
Every year they throw high profile names. I am not holding my breath until we see her actually filming or in the cast photos.
I get this impression the other ladies know what is happening with Sonja behind the scenes but aren't saying anything.
He has been on her insta stories a few days ago. Like a trip with her and Bryn
Post this in the post episode discussion.
Ramona was the on the chopping block a few weeks ago. I think these stories are scare tactics during negotiations.
If you have VPN (even the free ones work) you can set it to the UK and watch. I did that to watch Aussie HWs because I am not getting Foxtel.
Is she even singing outside the chorus? She is basically talking over music for the verses.
I think its her 4th song. She had the girl code song a couple of seasons ago.
I have been using it since it launched. I had issues at the beginning but but recently no issues.
We are seeing younger kids on the OC again thanks to Emily and Gina.
I normally watch insta stories with sound off so I was really confused on what Ramona's story meant. I guess forgetting his name is worse than the time someone accidentally called him Clay here and it became his nickname
Billie isn't? I noticed that Ariana still hangs out with her.
I thought Daily Fail was the first.
I hope Candiace realises the error of her ways when she starts trying for a child. Sort of like how Ashley did and then apologised to Monique.
Apparently. Its just a casting suggestion by Boy George at this point.
Yeah. Gina still has Lydia and Venus as friends. These guys are almost as fluid as RHONY in terms of friendships.
I wouldn't write SC completely off. The show needs to figure out how to keep sustaining without him.
In real time it looks like he took over some tour bus that does tours to the breweries around Charleston.
Is it like an ATL thing to go to the strip club like its cabaret? On RHOA Cynthia and someone else went to the strip club on a double date with their spouses.
she doesn't care about cheating as long as they are discreet
I think that particular journalist is friendly with Lydia who made it up for attention. She was the one who promoted the article as fact on her insta.
I am guessing at least 3 who are demanding it and they went to the Ariana concert together the other night.
Up until the trip upstate it felt like a 50/50 race between Ramona and Luann on who was this season's biggest asshole. The way they kept replaying that table scene at the angel ball.
Its all relative. You have to have some kookiness to handle this crew
I was expecting a fully round. Got a bit disappointed its only a semi-circle.
Normally that would make sense but she tagged Barbara in the photos during filming like [this](https://i.imgur.com/0mdmx23.jpg)
I feel like that was the first time we saw the real Sonja, not the tipsy kook she likes to portray herself as.
I try to focus on what is easier to get myself motivated to do.
I feel like a lot of the braggy taglines are deliberately ironic for our entertainment. The HWs record a bunch of taglines every season and production choose one without the HWs input. It's supposed to be an overarching statement on their storyline/role of the season.
I find the comment sections for new shows bare and inactive. Most people like to binge watch once it all airs often just in time for s2.
Is anyone interested in James Morrison (not the jazz musician)? Tickets go on sale today for his concert on September 19th and I am definitely going.
Yeah, Colombia was probably the first time in ages they went on a cast trip outside their Carribean holiday spots.
You can probably google image search photos on her website. She doesn't even bother taking her own photos of her Aliexpress line.
She kind of lost her spark when her main ally Jill left and slowly grew back into this form today.
Where are you? In Australia it gets uploaded around 4:30pm during this time of the year which is almost 30mins away
The pinanta is like her season finale party trademark.
With the clunky editing going on this season, we definitely are. I hope they expand on this in the reunion.
Plus she is an investor of Bumble in India. One of the first public appearances she made as a newlywed was attending the launch party of Bumble India. During the wedding, the couple had a deal with a clothing designer to supply all her guests with saris and the like. Someone on the internet had an amazing breakdown on how they monitized their wedding.
it makes sense since its not his show and he isn't part of the wedding party like the majority of the cast.
I thought Kristen just posted something glowing about Carter the other day.
"Friends of" get cast photos taken too.
The VPR crew get their jewellery made by Kyle Chan, who I assume give them discounts in exchange for publicity and mates rates.
How can kids have respect if their parents behave like idiots and you have surpassed them in maturity 5 years ago?
Wow did not know they got checks just for appearances. I thought the rule of thumb was if you get a talking head you are getting paid.
It seems to be a new thing. I thought you had to do talking head interviews or be a friend of to get paid.
I think another issue is that Brandi was dragging her feet with her apology.
If watch them on whatever marriage therapy thing they appeared on, Reid seems as much of a douchecanoe as Aviva. They are well-matched.
I think her chipper personality is really needed this season.
I went to the Nick Kroll gig tonight. Its always interesting when an international comic comes and has to either explain stuff or shoehorn in local references into their act. I felt like he was explaining stuff we knew but forgot to translate whats clearly for an American audience. In the end it doesn't matter because we watch so much American media we got it.
It was funny. My face was definitely hurting towards the end from the laughter.
TMO/TMI the Tatcha Rice Polish. I got a sample of it the other day. It was good but the $100 price is seriously crazy. Not sure if it's worth changing from my current Mario Badescu AHA Peeling Cream which needs a bit of elbow grease but costs only $30.
When we stories like this it seems like producers are fixated on HWs delivering storylines which seems to be a secondary concern to viewers.
She is an account manager at a software company.
To me that felt like Brandi believed her eldest was acting out for attention. So she decided to do something one on one.
Last time I checked Cam has the decency to draw the line at diarrhea teas. But her shilling those vitamins is a bit suss
I have carpal in my left hand. It's so irritating. Currently it's all focused on my thumb. I irritated it super bad tonight by cooking. I might have to have a suck day because I am barely getting any sleep and rest my hand.
Until they clarified it I thought Hunter was Tamica's son and Barry was his stepfather because she filmed with him more.
She either has blinders on or she doesn't get it. Her brand of activism is stuck in another era.
Yes, more this and Mexican Dynasties please. VPR and DBT can go in the bin.
This Saturday is the first one in a while where I don't have plans for the day. But my arm is still crook so doing productive stuff other than the bare minimum is a bit out of the question.
Makes me wonder if Bravolebrities actually release new episodes consistently or upload a few after the launch and then forget about it? Most of the Bravolebrity podcasts are by Podcast One which is a run by a disgusting person https://www.sfchronicle.com/news/article/UC-Regent-Norm-Pattiz-accused-of-sexual-12460438.php
If you are talking about Angela, she is so wacky she isn't someone who want on your side.
True. Most people probably didn't notice or don't remember. On the other hand, Tamra is still on tv.
Yeah, I give the spouses the benefit of the doubt until I see otherwise.
I started a deep dive in the skincare addiction circle jerk. Which has bought my smile back. Anyone have a favourite circle jerk sub?
Before Eva I could see RHOA was running a tight ship on who comes back based on the strength of their individual storylines. Now I have no idea.
Its not done by Bravo but a local network. Same reason we hardly hear about the other international versions.
I thought it was Kristen with extra eye makeup in the thumbnail. So confusing
its like girls night on RHONY in reverse
and Ariana's brother was crashing on their couch
I guess Sandoval getting over confident at their pitch for VPR Sangria to Pandora was a sign
not the stuff that happened with the newbies
True she got a ditsy edit but she is just as awful as her ex-husband.
I think pointed out rightly that her kids don't care. They just wanted to hang out with their friends, play their own games and have pizza
Thoughts on the whole adoption by the Ethopian community news that came out today?
Season 3 is one of my absolute favourites.
I am surprised he doesn't follow her around. He is basically her PA at this point
Dwight married a woman so I think he is at least bi. His friendship with Nene broke down in s3 and without Phaedra around he has no housewives to make appearances with.
Anything has to be better than Jim right?
Never said it was appropriate. Just clarifying that he doesn't just bat for the other team.
True, they dominated the show but their tactics were getting tired and they just kept doing the same thing over and over again. They lost the originality. I wish they didn't just get rid of both at the same time. Getting rid of one of them is newsworthy on its own. I wanted to see how either would have acted without the other. How they spin it to make it up to the new group.
Yeah retakes of conversations. Not just the entrances that we normally hear about.
True. As much as they both annoy me I wish they let go of only 1 and kept the other. I wanted to see how the she would have operated without her fellow crony. For me its a toss up between Tamra or Vicki
Haven't seen this on anything like this on Bravo shows until VPR. I can understand making them redo greetings and entrances for camera angles but entire conversations?
/s means sarcasm
Yeah it's not just editing. She sounded unhinged on podcasts and interviews she did and then there is her social media...
Never thought this person would stoop to those kinds of messages. Its so gross. Sorry you had to experience this.
That could be it. I guess when the anger is disproportionate to what is happening onscreen there is normally a behind the scenes beef.
I got it done at the local GP (had to ask around for one who knew how to do it) I just remember paying for the implanon itself. Don't think I paid for the insertion or to take it out.
Cary seems to come from wealthy family too.
It was pretty rich of her to call Apollo a clean man because he didn't have children from previous relationships and also borderline racist about him being biracial and growing up with his white relatives.
When RHOS was airing I was stuck between thinking she literally Satan and feeling bad for her because she was still dealing with being sexually assaulted just before they filmed. At least she and David finally split up.
Bravo didn't want this cause it was too much fighting.
I found her skit with Jerry O'Connell pretty funny
Lobster and wild mushroom according to the restaurant menu
I hope that was the last ever date with this guy
Whats her sister done? Just sitting quietly?
Youth shaming
Ramona just admitted last episode she was dating someone seriously last year. Where was this guy on RHONY?
Did she listen to Leah's advice?
But he seems too far right than Ramona. Can you imagine telling career woman Ramona Singer to go back to the kitchen?
I don't know how Ramona and Sonja ever thought they had a chance. He seems to be the type of douchebag who would go for someone in their 20s and they are too career-minded for him. Even in the episode, he acted like a dick. He makes creepy Jeff from Sandstones look debonair
I am shocked he allows his partner to even hold a job.
Imagine if that was a deleted scene from High Society? 😂
Please look up Florence Foster Jenkins. Luann is like the 21st version of this woman.
🤮
I wish Tinsley just ignored them and ordered her own food. Ramona did that like 2-3 episodes ago.
To be successful I think we need more than 1.
Leah seems to keep it mostly together in public. Can you imagine how Leah would have reacted if they were in a private space?
Whinging on her podcast I guess.
Amazing she had the nerve, wonder how she will explain this to her biracial nieces and nephews.
They are dialling up the worst elements. They are simultaneously horndogs and pearl clutchers.
Scott clearly doesn't want Tinsley talking about him on RHONY too.
It's very decent of her to have all this equipment for the hired help. Plus Heather needs it all to make latkes. The only thing she cooks.
Never forget! But Heather doesn't cook those. She leaves that for the chef. Only latkes for Heather!
I get excited every time the cat comes to me when I call her by name. It has become a regular thing but it still shocks me like the first time.
He is so delusional. Like reading actual quotes from him proves otherwise. Without it, he would have been a standard douchebag on RHONY. I even felt bad for him in the preview when Ramona laughed at him for being from Arkansas.
That's on the venues. I wouldn't be surprised if production reached out to all the restaurants you listed and they declined. Don't forget this was Ramonas idea so she wanted it all to be chi chi frofrou so no cliff walks or spooky nights out for her.
OP you must have been so excited you posted this 3 times.
It was awful no one took Kenya seriously until Kandi spoke up.
At least this time they actually had people on the show comment.
Which RHOSydney HW hooked up with a friend of her teenage son? The fact Lisa posted about it implied it was about Krissy or Victoria.
I know you are excited OP but I would take whatever CDAN posts with a mountain of salt.
Randall's ex wife.
Totally because the group lost their meat shield Tinsley.
Is there anything worse than that segment? I hate that its integrated into the show so anytime I rewatch I have to manually skip this godawful scene. Its clear RHONY isn't 100% scripted because Dorinda is an awful actor.
Ramona and Melissa are friends so I am not surprised.
I am leaning more to the Scorpio or Gemini Dress myself.
Really? I actually like the Virgo dress. Much better than Pisces dress imo
You might have to open the entire image. Its a long screenshot.
I never thought about it! I was surprised why all the designs in a collection were so different from each other. A collection normally has some cohesion
Yeah Naomie and Melissa are open that they are boutique.
Idk why I punish myself and go on the Daily Fail. I have shared a few Fail articles here mostly about the Aussie HWs. They seem to be the only ones running puff pieces about the Oceania HWs.
Their house has been on and off the market for years.
She wasn't. She is the ex-wife of 2 current cast members' current husbands (Lisa Rinna and Denise Richards)
Stassi and Katie both dated Peter.
At least cake with Balls Voyage.
Ikr. This isn't Love and Hiphop
Its just a hypothetical. People are getting so worked up about it.
The baby shower.
Both of them owned their apartments/townhouses
Already talking about it here https://www.reddit.com/r/BravoRealHousewives/comments/hc6hzx/i_think_its_ramona_thoughts_bobby_berk_recalls/
Last time I checked, Siggy took Delores and the Marge becoming friendly as a serious offence to her.
I think we should preface a lot of the disappointing moments happen on social media (Craig, Kathryn, Naomie) rather than on the show itself.
I regularly check bgc but other than that I rather go through it all once its over. Until everybody but some crazies turn their back on Jafar Stain I don't care.
I think he is in the army cadet not the actual army
Asha has a baby now so I guess she didn't wanna come back. Idk about Noelle
Idk I like the contrast between Heather vs the typical OC wife. It gave us conflict. Why lump similar wives together?
Can we please post posting this story? I have seen it on the sub like 10x and people have dug up that its Aviva. Based on a tweet by Bobby back in 2014 where he called her a con artist.
I will give OP that this is one the rare reposts that didn't accuse Ramona in the title. 🤣
They are currently catering to their crazy fans who seem to have stuck by Stassi through this.
Which ones?
I prefer her without the fringe. She looks so much fresher without it.
Something in finance.
There was a tweet by Bobby back in 2014 where he called Aviva a con artist. Plus all the other details fit in.
Talking about it here https://www.reddit.com/r/BravoRealHousewives/comments/hfv2r5/dorinda_weighs_in_on_the_bobbyaviva_drama/
She knows if she does he will leave.
I am guessing Ramona was never an investor. She got hired by Peter to act as the face and never mentioned the restaurant again after that season. Doesn't matter anyway because I think AOA closed down permanently.
Cause they are bought not home made.
