Does crunchyroll have any dubbed?
Yeah the all different is the key that goes missing a lot. It's all getting tied up in each other and getting very messy and confusing. If we have labels, people try and use labels and fit into them and then feel bad when they don't think they fit into that label and they can't use it blah blah blah. If people were just accepted as they are, we wouldn't need so much.
And you're bringing in a 10 ban system!? Oh baby!
In ARAM, the enemy team can have bullshit but you can't choose to have bullshit. In Nexus Blitz, at least you can plan for bullshit and decide what bullshit you're going to want to dish out.
I thought the same thing. Is this what constitutes an "article" now? a quick 3 point opinion on something.
I put it down to the foreskin. Yeah it sucks, I've accepted sitting down. It's so much better anyway. Never any risk, you get to have a little sit and then you don't have to transition far if you decide to poop as well. Plus urinals still work, they're big enough to catch all the spray bullshit.
I like to hop in the team chat on discord and get it going like "ALRIGHT GUYS LETS DO THIS I'M GONNA HEAL THE SHIT OUT OF YOU JUST PLEASE HAVE MY BACK" People will ignore me, tell me to shut the fuck up or laugh a little.
Yes I fucking pull it back to wash. Holy shit the assumptions.
THE HAND. LET GO! AHHHHHH
I'm glad [someone else put in the effort](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/a2zwpp/whats_a_rule_that_was_implemented_somewhere_that/eb2z5p2) to explain this.
Nice.
Pretty sure its this one [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4u9bfWy-BE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4u9bfWy-BE) &amp;#x200B; or this one but I can't find the original [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c44pPcy75ZU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c44pPcy75ZU)
&gt; "Cuck" and "Soyboy" are their go-to insults because they believe every man is as insecure about masculinity as they are. Oooh i never thought of it that way. I just thought they were immature and unimaginative so they couldn't come up with new insults, just keep using the same ones. But insecurities makes so much sense.
Really? I saw a bunch of dubs showing this evening (wed) and then the rest were subs (thur onwards). Any time i looked up dub listing, it isnt there :( i enjoy the dubbed.
Does anything live in them? If there is, could we shoot stuff to Titan for shiggles and just created other-planetary life just because?
I guess keeping creepyasterisks in the sidebar is an indication to the users of pupplay that sometimes your non-consensual asterisk roleplay is creepy and you should not do it with random people. Keep it to happy participants, don't just force this on other people. I think that's a very good idea. Like gonewild had CreepyPMs in the sidebar. A kind of "Don't do this" indication to the sub's visitors.
The downside of this is she'll guess either the things she's told you or things she thinks she'll buy you. They won't be coming up with the secret things that they don't always think about or he forgotten awesome things that they mentioned halfway through the year.
My friend and I used to dominate MKWii online with these two characters. Especially with Wheelies giving that dumb speedboost, we'd always be way far out in front. If one of us got a mushroom, we would take first place so one could dodge the blue shell with it. Then the console player would be let forward to win to net the most points from getting 1st.
&gt; Its out on EUW! I've been checking back this sub like every hours for the whole day. I was supposed to go Go Karting at work this evening and now it's been rescheduled. I'M HYPED. I love this mode, it's like URF but more fun and longer lasting.
I'll be right with you.
This is probably intentional to be fair.
I saw some random stick fighting game using DOJO's stick animations of leage of legends to advertise the App. Zero App gameplay, only Dojo video ripped and pasted in the ad. I did a tweet about it, other people should tweet at hynsdojo as well. I'm only a little guy but something needs to get sorted!
\&gt; It's done out of fairness and the integrity of competition. Just like there are Male competitions and Female competitions.
Apparently the current method uses Testosterone levels to see if someone would qualify to be categorised as female. However, this doesn't take into account the pre-transition life that the trans-woman would have had in body development and muscle growth. While the testosterone might no longer be present, the results of it are. I'm sure some muscles will go down eventually as time progresses, but there isn't yet a pre-defined amount of time (I think, someone correct me if I'm wrong) to be taken between transitioning and competing. So any muscle gained as male pre-transition will still be present when competing as female.
Looks like a combination between borderlands and fallout. And single player. From the Hype I'm seeing so far, doesn't seem to overhyped so much just yet. It was a good trailer.
Yeah I guess. But its personality was showed off a bit which I guess gets people going.
Ninja is a Twitch streamer and apparently not a very nice one. How did he end up in rewind?
For those of us that don't follow Pewds and only see these threads come up on /Popular. Could someone link/describe for those out of the loop?
She made herself a scapegoat in getting that silly deal with the DUP.
Nice. This was literally my first though after the recent drama. I think the fact that Epic are selling a dance makes it a commodity worthy of a trademark or some protection of intellectual property. If Epic had stolen a dance from JoJo. hooo boy I was about to get irritated.
I prefer to use oyster. I have a Zone 3-6 travel card assigned to it and as well as getting my train commute sorted every day I also get all buses for free. The cost covers the travel costs I would usually have and then the free buses start the savings. I also prefer oyster because if you have some quick travel problems like tapped in at the wrong station or need to leave quickly, the staff at stations can help you out with some admin rights at some terminals so your money is not wasted. If you use a contactless card, you lose that money and have to go through some long process to get it back. Having an oyster and an oyster account is also handy to keep track of your journey history so you can claim refunds on journey delays over half an hour. But just for an interview, stick with contactless for now.
I love it. Instead of farming for potions/honey. I'm farming for Might/Adamant seeds and stuff for the powder. Free meal is great for saving on honey, seeds, potions, rations. Anything. I love it. I'm only replacing it once I get my mighty bow jewel.
I put a free meal jewel in a level 2 slot.
Huh, interesting. what phone are you on? I'm going to test it on my android now too. Edit: Test results: No Android or iPhone browser acknowledged. My normal tweets say twitter for android. Phone browser tweets mention nothing.
I dash attacked him out of the gate with Kirby. I didn't get to experience anything annoying he might do.
I came to say this one as well. So silly. I got some nice physical attack, punches and elbows for Captain Falcon so I just falcon punched, KNEE'd, and air attacked him to death.
the Andy and Mini snakes was a nightmare. SO MANY EXPLOSIONS.
Like reddit &gt;i.redd.it &amp;#x200B;
But like... are you not seeing the irony here? Is it irony? Anyway: &gt;WhY ArE tHeRe So MaNy WaTeRmArKs On ThIs CoMiC? &gt; &gt;His comics constantly gets stolen by facebook, instagram and other shitty meme sites/pages. &gt; &gt;\*Hosts comic on i.redd.it\* &amp;#x200B;
On this, I've heard they like cubic cages rather than round ones because of the corners they can "hide" in.
I fought it once. Realised what I was against and decided to go to other parts of the map. Fuck that owl.
Off-topic: Is it worth buying a PS4 Pro or should we go for a normal PS4 for now and wait out a PS5?
This was made by another user on this sub putting together a few snaps from a different dance.
8 player smash anywhere is dumb/stupid as hell. I can't keep track of my character in 6 person and 8 just makes my eyes melt.
Such as injections. Pregnancy. Adultery. Doctors. Kidnapping. Tying up. Threat. Lots of weird niche stuff but for kids so it's super weird.
Noo-wen. Did Bojack's show get it right?
This pose is such a JoJo I swear it has appeared in the show at least once.
Nah PE was not a parents evening kind of lesson. Especially seeing as my school was super obsessed with football. If you didn't want to play football then tough shit. That made me hate the lesson but still participated. OH! And their overly strictness on "uniform" for fucking PE. Its sportswear, if my socks are black let me wear black socks don't make me get some knee-high funky football socks because I never wanted to play football in the first place.
Casual stuff I'd complain about: I get it, you made an anime character in smash. I thought it was a good idea so I copied some of you. But we don't need 4 posts a day every time someone else makes Midoriya a Mii Brawler. Elite stuff I'd complain about: Elite people complaining about casuals. So I don't complain about all the double posts outside of this context because it's all just people having fun. I made a Bakugo as well. Sad he has to use fire instead of explosions for all attacks but it works alright.
Please please please. Your TV is the same shape as a sideways phone camera. Please record horizontally. Sincerely, People with horizontal eyes ([not this guy](http://honestdot.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/vertical-video-meme.jpg))
Probably because of the [display adapters](https://www.multi-monitors.com/v/vspfiles/assets/images/2x2-Vertical-Portrait-Video-Wall-Controller-Diagram-620x664.jpg) used to project the screen onto multiple smaller displays that make up the whole of the wall. The signal needs to be created by the switch. Sent to an adapter, and then split to display on multiple screens.
Chekov's\* ? But you're right. Shinso is going to have something significant to do in this next one. I'd combine it with someone else in this thread where they said Deku calls out to Shinso on purpose to get mind controlled/safer.
If he can see AfO's memories because he held the quirk, in that case we should be able to see the **orignal** holder of the stockpile quirk who would also be a vestige. That would mean the shadows are of AfO and the owner of stockpile who was born with it.
I love me some dash dancing so I'm full of Constitution and Evade Extender. Plus with a Power Shot skill feels so nice to dash SLAM a bunch of arrows into a monsters face then dash FOOM spreading over their whole flank then dash sssssshhhhhhhHHHHHH fwwwEEkEEkEkEEEEkEkEEEEkkEEEEEkEkEEkEEEE firing a dragon piercer from a new position given by evade extender.
Giant bowser? How do you make him giant? :O
Definitely. Man fuck all of their projectiles. I ended up winning with fox. Deal bonus damage to Metal opponents skill and sit at one end of the map spamming B with an occasional downB if I could react in time.
Aww Nice. Seems a little niche though, not everyone had parking available with also grassy areas big enough for cars. I still like the name though, unless the event has a grassy parking area. That would be silly.
It's got to right? It feels so familiar fighting the Nargacuga to when I fought Barry on MHTri. The pics amazing, you don't get to see Barry standing tall very much, he only really rears his head to roar.
&gt;They didn't want to clamp down on their Fan's creations, so they had to let everyone use it, otherwise no one but them could. Great fucking point man. In the end, Epic are a Fan (albiet a BIG fan) of these dance creations. They know their userbase is also a fan and so they sell it on. It needs more good-will rather than concrete law for Epic to say "hey we used a dance, here are some royalties". Whereas right now it is working in the form of "lol ours now"
That but also not everyone has an SD card and then not everyone has an SD card reader.
I thought it was quite apt seeing as dance is an actual physical expression of an idea.
Woooooah I need me one :O
^(I needed a reason to include that pic)
What do you mean? They have [already hit 20 Million units sold in September this year](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nintendo_Switch#Sales). "19.67 million units sold by June 30, 2018." But you're right, they sold 17.79 million units after 1 year of the Switch's lifetime and they expect to make that another 20 million in year 2.
Yeah man it's cool. I wish I did things like this when I think of them so good job on actually doing them :)
Damn someone link that story
Mah man &lt;3
Is there a VividDreams/VividDreaming subreddit? This sounds a lot like my kinda dreams but I'm not aware I'm dreaming until I wake up
Some people put butter on their scone D:
Jam first. Cream first... We can all get on and aim our disgust at the people who use butter as well.
DaDa Dada, Da Da daa dadudu.
Average Damage per Round? How does that affect playstyles?
I played Ridley and ran into a Samus. We spent the first 30 seconds teabagging/crouch-dancing at each other because of the fun matchup. Its not about bm, its about having fun.
Oooh yeah. Rather than seeing the black stuff and going "Holy shit new quirk! Lets control this new awesome stuff!" He goes "Warrrrgh what's happening?!!? OFF OFF OFF OFF" Try harder Deku. IT'S YOUR POWER ISN'T IT?!
Exactly. Super Funky is not thinking this through properly! What is he to expect?!
If Riot staff is reading this, ask any questions here. I'm sure to respond.
This game was a great sports game but also a great mario game. Special power shots for each character and items from mario games. I think this is the only time I remember petey being playable but I dont follow them too much. As someone who doesnt play football games. This was still amazing. Simple controls: move, pass, tackle, slide tackle, shoot, lob, item and thats about it. So many nuances to be done with the wall and lobbing the ball bouncing it over/around the keeper. Good things for practiced skills but just as good for those to get into and have a quick match. This would be a great matchup similar to smash bros. Mario party for switch is a little disapponting in the maps and game selection and smash bros has as much labbing and testing/options you could want.... Strikers could be so amazing if like a quarter of work on smash went into strikers.
Still the only one with water fights. As my first MH game and MH's first time including water fights, i think it worked very well for the games own gimmick.
At some point, does playing a grammar nazi become a character? I havent checked the profile, but if theyre all similar to this comment then I can just assume that the character would be a grammar nazi.
Thank
Part 6 agrees with you.
I started watching some creepy story youtube channels. They were really cool until I realised I was getting creeped out. But yes, unsolved mysteries as well =P
Barioth I miss the most. That guy was such a fun fight and some great armor/weapons too. Gobul was a real bastard trying to break that lantern!! D:
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHHFGo161Os&amp;feature=youtu.be](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHHFGo161Os&amp;feature=youtu.be)
Gimmie gimmie gimmie.
💪💪
Of course not. I don't get sweaty or smelly or dirty enough to warrant it.
It's weird. As a redditor I feel like the whole internet is here but I go to YouTube, find a YouTuber and watch some stuff, then I get interested, look them up on reddit and they have significantly less activity on Reddit. Someone with over a million YT subs can have maybe 10K subs for their subreddit on Reddit. Not everyone knows about Reddit but the content sharing is very good between platforms.
&gt;Hiii (・\`ω´・) my nyame is adam xDD im 12 yws youngg. im takenn (((: happiwy by my 15 yws youngg gf amy. shes my evewything&lt;33333 but i stiww fwiwt with aww the giwws in my cwass ;) shh. ;x i go to pawties evewy sat. and pawty st chuwch on sunday, howaaahh (・\`ω´・) hahaha, i wuv jesus, but idk i might be atheist. im bisexuaw but i’ww nyevew touch anyothew boy because it’s a sin ;( i do weed and i wuv wiw waynye, and the jonyas bwothews. i h8 bwack ppw because they scawe me. fowwow me ok? (・\`ω´・) ? (・\`ω´・) =D
And *do not* keep your thumb in. Thumb should be on top of the fingers. You don't see boxing gloves with the thumb tucked in, that's how you get a broken thumb.
Yea you need a proper dedicated set to make it real good :( I just went for constitution and power shots. That's way more fun shotgunning monsters in the face and sliding all over the place.
Wow, this is the same [London Tower that flooded that area with 888,246 Ceramic poppies](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/3e027fa0a196d1a9851a7b9809fd41dc31da01b7/189_305_2977_1786/master/2977.jpg?width=1225&amp;quality=85&amp;auto=format&amp;fit=max&amp;s=9fdb4f050ee7ed61c71664ae0a6b01d4) in 2018. &amp;#x200B; [https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/2018/mar/05/how-we-made-tower-of-london-poppies-paul-cummins-tom-piper](https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/2018/mar/05/how-we-made-tower-of-london-poppies-paul-cummins-tom-piper)
Is this how you train for wing-suiting? Throw yourself off something high, try to wingsuit it a little and deploy your chute when you need to.
I get crushes but I don't know how to flirt so they just end up closer to squishes and I get some good friends out of it.
&gt;“It’s not a technological or a scientific problem, it’s a question of humanities’ socio-political values… **We need a social tipping point that flips our thinking** before we reach a tipping point in the climate system.” I don't know what people hope to hit. Everyone kind of has an idea what needs to happen. The whole climate change and impact humans have is because of our way of life. This is our modern way of living. While day-to-day life continues, it will just keep going as it is. Climate Change is a disaster, it's a progressive slow-burn and people won't experience it until it hits and actually has an impact on life. If people were bursting into flames, maybe we'd know what was going wrong, but with whats happening at the moment; wild weather; species going extinct; droughts; rising sea levels.. None of this really affects everyone. This doesn't hit hard enough to change day-to-day life. I very much doubt this "flip in our thinking" will ever happen until it's too late. It could be argued it's too late already. [Sit back and enjoy the show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJlmE2_2VgA).
'92 I've been getting along super well at clubs with some people and then we get to ages and they're 18 and I'm 27 and everyone is like "What the fuck". This is in the UK so everyone is in drinking and partying age. We can't believe how young they are, they can't believe how old we are. But it definitely seems like we're quite similar.
It's a lot of drama and a lot of shit happening every day. I almost got hooked when my ex was watching it. It seriously preys on FOMO.
Oh I didn't mean that at all. I mean that I fully believe that people in the entertainment industry care about climate change are also not too much the ones caring about food and energy. Each to their own world. Also I missed some context I should have included. Here is my thought process: \- Global warming means shifting of crops \- Shifting of crops leads to potentially increased costs of goods/services/food \- Increased costs means everything costs more for people, harder to get food, more expensive fuel sources etc \- Increased costs to the end user leads to lower spending on luxuries such as the entertainment industry \- Lower spending on entertainment industry means they care about global warming
I love this lol Where do you find the stats? Does it show up on [https://www.theyworkforyou.com/](https://www.theyworkforyou.com/) or is there another website for EU voting?
Yeah this is totally unnecessary here. It isn't "No one:" It is literally a meme **about someone.**
Nah. You right, I'm just a moron.
Damn, thanks for that. [It's beautiful](https://poets.org/poem/there-will-come-soft-rains)
Cross the road dude lol I usually slow my walk so it doesn't look like a pursuit or just cross the road to let them know I didn't intend to be behind them.
Really really good. The twist changes the whole video imo As soon as I saw it I started crying, really hits emotionally from that point on. I enjoyed the whole vibe of it in general. It also improved the song in my standings as well.
I still do this. I found a cool little green beetle on my desk at work the other day. It was quite jumpy too. I showed a few people before taking it back to nature outside. Don't forget you don't have to be 6yo to enjoy the same things a 6yo would.
Yeah it was a little 1D til the reveal. I'm not sure what Matt, Mike and Ian were doing in the forest though. It feels like we see them from Josh's perspective so I dont get their reasoning for appearing in context of the video. I wouldnt have echoes so high :D the repeating of "echoes of you" is a bit much for me, though i know its supposed to be an echo echo ^echo... I think Wish You Were Here, Dont Miss Me and Killing Kind. I think Killing Kind is cheating for a winner with it being their final-song-anthem so i would say Death of Me second to it =P
Very true. Good point. In this guys case, if there were choices. Speeding up would not be the first one to go for lol
The article mentioned one of them speaking spanish, I assume they mean that one at least.
[Look at the fucking articles I have at the side of this.](https://imgur.com/bktkwIA) One of the articles even mentions a PDA between a couple of celebs. So when we see PDAs we can have photos for our entertainment but lesbians kissing is not for your entertainment. I don't even know what point I'm trying to make, I'm just looking at the headline, then at the sidebar and thinking **"Holy shit"** Some of those articles at the side literally using people's bodies to promote articles. Some of them using people's relationships to each other as entertainment for the articles. Is Daily Mail doing a similar thing to what these 4 men did to these two women? Nah maybe not, because daily Mail is 'just watching' whereas these men tried to make them 'do something' for their entertainment. What can I say about this? Like yes these men telling them to kiss so they can watch is bad, and then Daily Mail says LOOK AT THIS TOO! BIKINIS! PDAS! RELATIONSHIPS! Fuck...
That's like wanting to see black kids taking to the street for more shoe-shining! *It's not racist, I want to see more black people!* You're probably being sarcastic anyway so I'm not really arguing against **you** here but I know some people would think that unironically.
The Dog has no concept of the Human controlling the moving box their in and needing to use his hands to do so. This makes it extra cute because the Dog has no idea whats happening and wants to hold hands and be comforted while they go on this wild ride to goD-knows-where
&gt;!Maybe the Eri temporary power spike? Or the Mirio quirk thing. Or the Shigaraki Overhaul thing. A lot is about to happen lol!&lt;
The text in the tweet is fine, but the image is the bad thing here. It took me a moment to see as well, seeing as the text describes it perfectly. However, they use an image of Lowry shouting at the guy who assaulted him rather than an image of: A. Mark Stevens doing the shouting he did B. Mark Stevens doing the pushing he did C. Mark Stevens showing any kind of aggression Of course Lowry is pissed, but that's why Stevens has been banned and fined half a million. We don't need to see Lowry being the aggressor at all.
Yeah I used to do this all the time. In like a "I love you so much I want to eat you" kind of way. Like when people want to hug and squeeze puppies. Maybe the biting is a type of [Cute Aggression](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cute_aggression) due to the attraction to the person.
Is it that physically draining or something else?
Damn that's scary. Especially happening to someone so normal... Like could it suddenly happen to me or you??
What a great fucking play and awareness. I'm assuming you wanted to fire Wolfy at the chickens? But then you saw that and fired it to save the Yas instead and ruin Heimers day. Good shit.
Tahm deals the damage at the max range of the spit out unit, it does % health damage so it usually kills very low health minions and monsters. ~~Heimer is only level 5 so I guess he's not very strong yet so he didn't have enough damage to kill the Wolf~~, Iammaybeasliceofpie: tell me that it is invulnerable during flight so didn#t take damage and just blocked the rockets instead. ~~so it reached the end of the range and died to Tahm.~~
How did you find this out? :O
Least fun? I love digging holes xD but maybe 7 foot it a bit harder than the beach huh?
Ball.
This isn't a dead meme. Why are people calling it a dead meme? It's only dying because people are calling it dead. This is a great meme. It will live forever.
A very simple and well written article. Nice.
Good stuff dude. I love coming across random poetry on Reddit! Another recent random one was "[There will come soft rains](https://poets.org/poem/there-will-come-soft-rains)"
I love this poem. I came across it not long after I was asked what I love so much about the rain. I had to think about it a bit, there is something so tranquil and peaceful about the sound of rain. Seeing the tiny splashes dancing on the ground, hearing the raindrops landing on leaves, windows or the ground. Or even on yourself. The smell of ground in the first line is known as "Petrichor" - The earthy smell when rain falls on dry soil. Petrichor comes from greek. "Petra" meaning stone and "Ichor" from greek mythology, the fluid that flows like blood in the veins of gods. So Petrichor being a smell is almost translated to the smell of the blood of gods. The meeting of the earth and sky, rain on soil. I love that smell. Rain, to me, is the embodiment of nature. Whatever happens in your life, whatever people do, the rain will always be there. This poem summarises it all so nicely. Sara takes it further than just the rain. It's the frogs, the birds, the trees, the changing of seasons. Even during War Time, nature marches on. There will come soft rains. &gt;Not one would mind, neither bird nor tree &gt; &gt;If mankind perished utterly; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;And Spring herself, when she woke at dawn, &gt; &gt;Would scarcely know that we were gone
What about "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly"?
Someone left this quote under a comment reply to [this comic](https://external-preview.redd.it/Bp8-0CWd1XDi7mTTmr0OFi3ogKL4ouPBaMjB4ebcUAI.jpg?auto=webp&amp;s=76ec3f695580e0d4472d1ade6b108e81e678aa6c) in [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/comments/bytpcv/the_best_princess_there_is/). I think it's a great concept. I'm not sure if Rainer is talking about the dragons of other people or the dragons within oneself. If the Dragons are inside us, then there is a monster there, it could be a fear or a rage, it could be guarding something else. If we can show beauty and courage to the dragon, we can face the fear. Embrace the beast and see it as a part of us. This great magnificent beast means something, it isn't just there as a monster but as strength, power. A powerful expression. If the Dragon is outside of us, it is coming from someone or something concerning us. Rainer says it well as something helpless. I've been told it is naive to believe in the goodness in other people or **everyone** but I think it's just about finding the right words to understand each other. We are all products of our environment, as our environments differ, so do we. Sometimes that difference is so wide and vast we can't understand each other. But if we can just love, if we can show the beauty and courage. Be genuine and real. Maybe we can rescue the dragon.
What do you like to do dude? I recently joined a choir and took up a dance class. I've made a few friends there. There have been some random events about but it's the consistency that makes friends. Meeting up at the choir every week and then joining them for a drink afterwards. It's also on Monday so that makes Mondays nice to look forward to. Some people don't hang out, the whole group doesn't come out afterwards but the ones that do go/come out are the ones you get friendly with. I would advice a class, they're regular things so you end up seeing the same people and then you already share a common interest simply by being there.
A short poem, fitting for the context of it. This resonates a lot with me. I have been in love for a very long time. Through all the years I was always disappointed in my ability to put feelings into words. Simple words carry so much impact for me and a simple "I love you" means everything more than just those three words. This poem chokes me up. As I feel such strong emotion but being unable to articulate it or describe it properly, I get it all stuck on the inside. There is so much to be said but feeling is so hard to put into words. I've actually heard something similar to this before. In one of Bastille's Songs (Send Them Off): &gt;Your mind exists somewhere altogether different &gt; &gt;It lives in a world where feelings simply cannot be defined by words This was a spoken part in the song. I believe it was taken from the film Anno zero - Guerra nello spazio (War of the Planets) . They couldn't find the rights to the recording so they re-worded and re-recorded it for their own use but the quote still fits. &gt;It lives in a world where feelings simply cannot be defined by words This doesn't just apply to love but to feelings in general. When you have feelings so strong such as Love, there isn't much to say or elaborate on and we hope "I love you" means as much to them as it means to yourself.
Aah shit man. I such quite badly but I'm still getting the hang of it. A lot of the time I need the people next to me to go "Not Uuuhhhh, its *uuuuuuuuu"* Then I find it easier for some reason lol Yeah that's what happens with my Dance class. Everyone turns up a little early, has a chat and then goes straight home. But then again we are very sweaty after... Well last Tuesday was the fist time we went out afterwards and even then it was 4 of us out of a class of 13 + teacher! I tried to be the one to suggest it but as one of the newest it didn't go so well until the teacher suggested it. Try a few classes. My choir teacher does one on Monday and another on Wednesday. She says us Monday Bunch are the friendly social ones and all the Wednesday bunch are just not. It could be familiarity, I inserted myself into the friend group from week 1. Felt a little out of place but I joined in with conversations where I could. Week 3 and I was one of the family :) I guess I can only advise to keep trying places til you find somewhere to click with.
CTRL + A - Selects all Alt &gt; H (Home Tab) &gt; O (Format Option) &gt; W (Cell Width) 2.1 (21 Pixels is the standard height of cells, setting W to 2.1 (aka 21 pixels) sets the width the same as the height.
Is that the ass pull where the bullets go through him? I thought about it a bit, maybe it's not such an asspull. He does always have to end the timeskip to attack so maybe he isn't present during the skipped time and he just can move and see things. Which is also why he was so desperate for Doppio to get so close to Metallica..
I don't think it was once a month. That last time we see it I think it was his birthday. She gives him the lil' present which is the game in the box and he gives her a lil' present back which is a small box to keep her ring in while she goes out. Remember at the start of the video when she says how the stranger thing got her hot? Foreshadowing! Also when they're on their anniversary night out and she's talking about how she could get action and she's given it up for him? She thinks about it and also more foreshadowing. They might only do it for special events, birthdays or Xmas or parties or something. But she just wanted him to talk to her. That's what she kept asking for. And when they eventually did talk, they got their shit sorted out. Look at how much of a better mood his is in at that final party vs the first one. They talked and figured out a system that they're both into. I thought it was a sweet episode.
Very well put. There are some [quotes from some school protests](https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/news/midlands-news/protestors-pelted-eggs-put-up-16299503) in the UK One Muslim explained very well how they think and what they think of differing sexualities: &gt;"God created man, then he created women for man's pleasure and companionship - not another man" He has remained nameless probably because of the amount of reaction this caused. He revealed (at least his own) thoughts about why LGBT is not accepted, because that would mean it is possible for Men to "*serve*" men. As in his eyes, that is a woman's job, not another man's. Good news though! The protests on the school have been banned by court order. Even though there are still definitely people against it.
Thanks! I've only seen it once so far but I like catching things like that. Happy to share, I appreciate the appreciation! :)
I mean... Religion is a kind of sexist rubbish pulled out of thin air. Then all these people sunscribe to it and try to push it on other people.
I was in the Audience of a Russel Howard show once. There was a guy near us that was definitely over the top fake loud laughing to he could watch the episode on tv and say "That was me! Did you hear me that time? There I am!!" It was ridiculous. Not a deep or booming laugh, literally HA HA HA HA HAAAAA. [It was this but louder and more desperate to be noticed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H47ow4_Cmk0).
Thanks. I don't even have kids but as a Son this really hurts me. Is this what I am to my mother? A child that has taken away so much of their life to become my own? Someone that has made her give up so much just because I also exist now too. I simply don't like it.
I love the rain and /r/raining I went to a little yoga hipstery cafe yesterday. They have flyers out for spiritual healing and dragon massages and all this VooJooJoo kind of stuff. I was there for a dance class so I don't get involved too much with the regulars or staff but we started a conversation with one girl and she said it was bad when it's raining because it fills the air with all this sort of negative energy. Like the rain is inherently negative and it impacts on the whole aura of all sorts of things. Anyway, I said I love the rain and it's actually quite nice. I showed her a [poem by Sara Teasdale](https://poets.org/poem/there-will-come-soft-rains). As well as the smell of Petrichor, I really just like the rain. For the same reason as I like the sun I think. Nature doesn't care about the *energy* it's giving off to you, it just rains. She said she liked the noises of frogs, I said they are more likely to be out and noisy during or just after rain because they like it all damp. She thought about that a little bit, maybe I changed her perspective on rain a little bit. It shouldn't be seen as this evil coming from the sky, more like something fresh, clean, and full of energy. Plus without rain, we wouldn't have rainbows.
Never use "kys" in any context. You're toxic. &gt;Summoner: nice roam Unnecessary &gt; Summoner: this is why I always ban draven Was the Draven on your team(A) or enemy team(B)? A. You're toxic. B. You didn't ban Draven. &gt; Summoner: wait they had all 4 sums When did you say that?
Holy shit. I've recently started a couple of diarys for self-reflection but I would love to have another similar one that I could use for little memories and events/occasions with people. I don't remember stuff very well either and I'm not a fan of photo-evidencing everything which seems to get posted all the time. Being able to read back through a memory diary would be really nice. At the moment my diarys are still serving as that but they're more memories of how I felt and what I thought, not much about other people. This seems like such a good idea. I even had a decently large cry recently to to my partner at the time about how I couldn't remember so many positive things about my mother because there were so many negative things and I feel like all the positive got drowned out. I want to remember the positive but apparently it's not all in my head until I'm reminded somehow. Keeping an "Almanac" for this would be so cool.
One of the best presents my Ex ever got me was not long before she broke up with me. She found a new cool shop with a friend and told me that she had found something I was really going to enjoy. I had no idea where she had been or what kind of shop she found. She got it for me for Christmas. It was one of the most amazing and **what-I-always-wanted** things. A dragon statue, two dragons, red and green, slightly glittery but nothing over the top girly. Not surrounded by knights or princesses. Not angry dragons or any in action but a simple great statue of a couple of dragons. It was nearly 5 years since Uni and there was a shop in the town with some really cool statues but there was always something I had that I didn't like. It was like this pip-dream of getting my preferred Dragon statue. I got a dragon poster for one of my birthdays, I went out with some friends and they wanted to buy it for me but I really wanted to get it myself. That was the closest I've had to a dragon for a long time. I am quite into Monster Hunter, my brother had a couple of doubles from mystery boxes so I had a couple of monsters as well. It's not something I speak of a lot because it's hard to explain. Like "I love dragons" doesn't quite cut it, but going into depth about it isn't something I understand because I just do. I've read fantasy books with dragons, I love them in monster hunter. It's just a strange appreciation. And she obviously knew that and had picked up on it over the years. But opening that box and pulling out this Dragon statue. I was in disbelief. I still am. I'm even crying as I write this comment because it genuinely means a lot to me. That was our 8th Christmas together. That statue is going to be important to me for a very long time.
Yeah my journalling at the moment is mostly all sorts of reflections, passing thoughts, observations etc. Kind of like written meditation. How do you use a multimedia scrapbook? I've thought of a keepsake book in the past, I keep some tickets from shows or events or things like that in a picture frame I have, a scrapbook might be good because then I can write a bit too...
R- This pattern needs to be checked Fuck yes it does, what was the intention here?
[https://v.redd.it/s65s1a3q0x331/DASH\_480?source=fallback](https://v.redd.it/s65s1a3q0x331/DASH_480?source=fallback)
The black cab driver starts shouting at around [3.23](https://youtu.be/tMckoqLbCs8?t=203) because he has soemone in the back of the cab. He also says "He's not going to move backwards, you've proved your point now lets get on with it"
[On words and expression...](https://www.poemhunter.com/poem/if-i-could-write-words/) I've thought this too. It's so hard to get real true feelings into words, limited really to how we understand it but there is nothing that really describes the raw emotion.
Pokemon (Detective Pikachu) was a great movie. I loved so much about it. How they didn't use a Pokemon RPG formula and instead used the world and some canon to make a whole movie. Rather than making it a catch em all kind of deal, it really was a movie set in the Pokemon universe. I don't care about the silly science, that's mostly what pokemon is. Then this with Borderlands, apparently trying to use Main Characters in a totally random plot putting them as characters they are not and have never been... If you want to do Borderlands, pay attention to how every single game has had different Main Characters, don't try to shoehorn in every name you know just so you can call it "Borderlands" and prey on an existing fanbase. &gt; enough to pick some names from the universe Yep that looks like what borderlands is doing. But this could all be a silly rumor that someone random started, it doesn't have to be real. Let's just believe it is NOT real so we can feel better.
Discord is just really good. Maybe they've started giving money to people to promote it as they have their own games platform now.
Was that the one with Flame princess and him being burned by her in his dreams and then onto him really wanting that IRL and completely messing up their relationship because of it?
[Saucy Source](https://www.webtoons.com/en/comedy/behind-the-gifs/carol-kat-swenski/viewer?title_no=658&amp;episode_no=415) [The Chickens checking out Carol](https://i.imgur.com/7RMg99T.gifv) [Original Chicken post](https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/8cegjy/a_new_contraption_got_installed_and_everyone_is/)
Huh yeah I just looked at it like a cartoon and it looks quite good. In the art style of Jump Force, he was translated quite well.
[Reminds me of this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOkKyfL8DoM)
Maybe because it's not the Dub ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I know people watch me. Anyone can judge me but how I judge me is up to me. I made a comment somewhere about when I got filmed/recorded/snapchatted in public. Also there is /r/howtonotgiveafuck I don't use the subreddit but I know it exists. It's plans probably differ from mine slightly so I just stick to myself and what I know about not giving a fuck. If I was to explain my philosophy, I would just say that I am the main character, all the people around me are characters I encounter. Those closer to me or my friends are the characters I care about, or maybe the ones I get to know as other player-characters. The people I don't really care about, they are the NPCs of my world. I don't know them, I will probably never know them. So it doesn't matter what they judge about me, because they'll likely never see me again. That doesn't mean I'm free to be a dick. It just means I can present myself how I would like my main character to be. **Everyone else is a main character as well** (Sonder) I like to be the NPC to their lives that gives a little bit of niceness back. Give up a seat for people, let parents sit next to their kids, smile at strangers, help them carry their bags, help someone who looks lost. I love saying Bless You or Gesundheit to people in public/on public transport, that very nice small connection with people. \*achoo\*.. "Bless you".. "🤨Thanks🙂". Having a quick chat. I'm british so we're always talking about the weather. I have my own side though, rather than the usual complaining about the rain I might tell them how nice it sounds or the smell. The smell of rain on dray dirt is called Petrichor. You've probably smelled petrichor when it rains after a long dry period. It might be scary that everyone judges you, but you can enjoy the judgements as perceptions of yourself or you can just totally ignore them because they don't matter. Remember "[Sonder](https://www.dictionaryofobscuresorrows.com/post/23536922667/sonder)" its a good way to view everyone.
&gt; if his team just lets him. There lies the problem.
I liked it, I agreed with a lot about me and answering direct questions about it makes it a lot easier to settle and accept labels. I personally had never heard of what a Brat was before but I scored very high on Brat and Brat Tamer. That ties in incredibly well with my personality as a whole along with some of the other things. There were a lot more than just 1 question per category/label though. Yes you *could* connect account but it gives you results even if you do the test anonymously so I don't think there is much of a problem there.
I've come to the conclusion that YouTube KNOWS when you're taking a shower or bath. I have never had longer ads than when I'm using YouTube while I have hands too wet to be able to skip without a certain level of effort.
And Jack's reaction to the dudes reaction to meeting him was also epic.
Yeah there should be some more oersonalised settings to include more tagging and more filtration.
Damn that looks so good. Where do people find all these cool wild places to camp?
Is this like holiday backpacking? When someone says they're going backpacking I'm never sure if it's travelling light across the country or as you describe and just having a walk through the land.. There won't be much like this in the UK, at least in the middle of london lol, but I have wondered how it works and I have a couple of friends going "backpacking" soon so I can ask questions lol
Turn on the computer, log in. Cut up my fruit, eat it very slowly with my breakfast bar.
I got the first book after that series and I can tell you, the Netflix series is nothing like the first book at least. But I thoroughly enjoyed them both. IMO, that makes the Netflix one better because it was very loosely based on the books rather than a direct adaptation. The whole deal they were doing on Netflix was so good, I binged it so hard and I can't believe it got cancelled after only 2 seasons :(
The moments of a Hunt we live for.
You have best of 3, best of 3 is three stocks! I'm a Last Stock Warrior and always bring it all out on the last stock. After 2 stocks of playing badly enough to get cheeses by 37 neutral Bs, time to adapt.
I'm the type of person who will lose maybe 5 in a row, then win one match and GTFO because that shit was intense and I'm done with it now.
Yeah I know that isn't best of three. I just treat it like that sometimes. I don't mean to mock anyone. I've been pooped on by people doing the same thing over and over. If it works, it works and that's on me, not them. Same goes for people doing combos and mixups, if they all work on me then it's on me to adapt.
Not facepalm material
Imagine this is a party-type game. As in you have a questing party. Your travelling party is just Zelda and Link. Link does the acrobatics, the fighting, etc Zelda does the magic, puzzle etc Not sure how they would handle the character model swap-out unless they travel together all the time.. Could be a new unique mode of travelling and playing as Link *and* Zelda for the whole game.
It might not be sexualised but people would very likely have sex using it.
Nice, I forgot about those. I've really been enjoying the word "Boring" recently as well: "*not interesting; tedious" -* Very accurate for the recent political climate, overall world news and drama. I feel like I've already fallen to Apathy. Woops.
Yeah maybe. I just think the darker colour looks a little more real-worldy dingy colour. I love how youre getting downvotes for an opinion though xD
Sexual satisfaction is just as valid as any other reason. If it's an incompatibility then that's what it is.
Does anyone else sometimes eat something so nice they want to put their ear next to it so you know what the food sounds like? Usually it's silence 😪
Remember Superfly though? Not exactly a good stand. Cheap Trick? Kills the user if anyone sees it... Holly had a plant stand. It was probably one of those types of crappy stands and was sapping her life like a plant feeds off the soil. It fed off her. Lucky for her though it could be un-manifested once Dio was defeated so it stopped sapping her.
I only have three canines because of overcrowding, I have tiny gums in my massive mouth. They're my favourite tooth as well :(
Yeah I haven't followed anything but it doesn't take much critical thinking to see that she didn't say anything about making porn.
Is that a lot?
A few weeks ago, maybe 2 months by now. I woke up with a twinge in my neck. I thought I had just slept funny and it would go away. It did not. I think I have a trapped nerve right where my skull joins my neck. It makes it hard to bend to each side and sometimes it will REALLY hurt when I try and bend. I used to bend and crick my neck when it felt stiff, I have only managed to click it maybe twice in the past 2 months :(
The least someone can do is raise their kids right.
Post this on /r/ShitPostCrusaders !! even though this is clearly a qualitypost..
Petrol
I agree. It's why we see a lot of posts from people in Hetero relationships asking about coming out to their SO or telling stories about when they come out to their SOs. It might not matter in a hetero relationship but it does matter for it to be known, that other person should know about you being their SO. Personally, I'm not sure if my mother will ever know. I'm not homo-romantic so I won't be bringing anyone home but I definitely need any potential partners to know. Since coming out, I'm sure all of my friends know, and I even told my brother, I can stay closeted vs my mother though, that doesn't matter enough to me.
I got some Monster Hunter ones. I got super super lucky getting the Xeno'Jiiva out of a box but it would be much more preferable to be able to choose. My brother managed to trade one at comic con but not everyone has the chance to trade..
*YOU* do not need to kill fish to *survive* ok. You do not need to *kill people* to survive. 1. Not dead 2. Not people 3. Not trying to survive, it's recreation AAHHHHH FIND SOME REAL PROBLEMS PLEASE, GIRL
I've had dreams/nightmares where this happens. It's horrible. It feels like I've gone blind. Whether they're sticky, I'm too tired to open them, the sun is too bright to open them... Yeah it's scary.
Yep, i dont think ive played EA for a loong time. Maybe only Apex Legends
Definitely!
2 weeks? Sweet ok thanks, ill try to get booked in :)
I would say its important to me that they know. Its something about just making sure that this part of me isnt hidden. I think any kind of partner, its not like I'm going to be screaming "I'M BI!" while banging but its a similar thing of just needing to be expressive.
Get yourself a journal. Best addition to my life. I can talk away to my future self and slow it down to a writing speed to it's easier to reflect on.
Doesn't it also act as a kind of filter to filter out the guys that jump straight on it and then keep it going?
Aww. Well people think different. That's why you're with him and not his friend :P
Haha that's a new one to me. Different strokes for different folks!
I don't want to argue about where you're coming from at the moment. I want to skip over that and get to: Where does immigration come into play with regards to this article? Anyone can wear a burka, including men and non-muslim men. Do you think just because they wore burkas, they HAVE to be immigrants? It could just as easily be a politically charged disguise. Who is going to ask them to take it off? Perfectly legal to wear a burka which also acts as a very handy disguise. How often do you see people wearing ski-masks/balaclavas vs people wearing a burka? There is an issue in difference of culture, but try to stay on topic rather then jumping on and blaming immigration.
&gt;I enjoy airsoft on a weekend, I will not be blamed for mass shooting commited by fucking nutters just because I play with something that looks similar. Kids (and non-kids) enjoy playing with super soakers. Now people are filling super soakers with acid! Don't you see it's only a matter of time before people start taking airsoft to the streets and filling them with REAL BULLETS? *Won't somebody think of the children.* &gt; A milkshake however, that is an inconvenience. What about people throwing eggs on Halloween? Remember when it started escalating to fucking hand grenades!? It's a slippery slope, be careful what you're advocating for here.
Did it take practice or is that just your default? :O
How much blood transfusion counts for when one turns to goop? Would the blood loss count as "damage" then making it goop when a threshold is it? Also Toga is pretty damaged right now as he recreates her so.. that might have some implications and extra nuances added to his quirk. Lots to think about lol
Gotta try EXTRA hard on here because you can be sure if you are only a *little* bit facetious then you might as well be spitting on grandmothers' graves.
Oh good heavens. Why, there appears to be a fucking dinosaur in the kitchen, Karen.
Ya know what? I really need some games on my phone. I only have a couple of u super crappy ones and Brawl Stars which is fun but needs to be online. I haven't got a decent game I can play on a non-internet supplied trip so I just sit with music or pull out my book. What are the good mobile games nowadays?
My mother did an online course for an english thing. One of the parts what about conversation structure and who is the dominant conversation person in this recording of two people talking. Oh my god the woman in the recording needed to drink some water or swallow or something. So much \**tlak tlk tlk chlk shhk tlk k tchk\** Yeah it's horrible. Usually bad over the phone or recordings where a mic is closer to someones mouth.
You funky weirdo lol. That's a good grandma you have there &gt;"My son is a very successful man," she says. "What artworks he chooses to enjoy are none of your business,..." May I ask how much this piece in particular cost you?
Today I pulled out one of my grey hairs. The lower (newer) half of it has gone dark brown again.
&gt;and she’ll wait on you hand and foot. ... &gt;Just don’t get into a relationship. ???
Thank (Y)
I'm linda
I assume Snake was going an Up Air here?
Hmm. Wondering where people think these beds should be coming from? Does the government have a dedicated bed-making branch as well? Or some government funded bed factories? I get the problem is also that these camps **should not exists** but someone is going to be capitalising on it. That's what capitalism is.
Is easy to Unicorn. Beig Mermaid.
Yes but the threshold for Ubers perception of failure isn't far below a 5. Say you fall and average 4 stars instead. That might as well be 0 stars because it isn't forever-5.
&gt;Dropped me in it there then! xD &gt; &gt;but I haven't thought that hard about it D: &gt; &gt;I guess you need some stuff to add to a shopping list then? Super interesting stuff
I don't usually think about best girls or get involved with that bit of anime. But you made me think about it simply by saying she is best girl and I would totally agree.
Good point. If they cared that much then it shouldnt use taxpayer money for it.
CLIMATE EMERGENCY!! ... So how many more flights could we get out of this airport?
"Perhaps all the dragons in our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us act, just once, with beauty and courage."
...removed skin from dick.
Hmmm... Quite a good point. I wonder what this film would look like without the context behind the whole MCU...
I agree. People have become too ready-to-complain about people enjoying themselves. &gt;DAMN KIDS AND THEIR FORTNITE DANCES IN PUBLIC \- for example. Let kids have fun and dance for themselves in public and maybe teach their friends how to dance and maybe make some new friends along the way...
I think I've seen a lot of it coming from young adults. Maybe still in the "That's so uncool" phase.
Wait...
They're the only two? I've fought a lot of Vaal but usually as a group, I don't think I've ever really chilled with Vaal.
🏹🏹🏹 Idk 🏹 lol 🏹🏹🏹🏹🏹
Yes.
That word! Yes!
But introverts don't also need to "recharge" *with* social interactions. Since discovering the word, I consider myself ambiverted as I love spending time with people and I would do it all the time if I could but I also need my own down time and then suddenly get lonely. It's a strange balance/swing.
Oh no worries, I thought I should be the one apologising haha. It felt like you were defending introversion very hard to the point that I had caused offense :D I really like labels like this. While it is a spectrum and there are whole nuances from person to person, picking a label really helps to quickly get a point across.
Very interesting. &gt;Omnivert ... extremely extroverted around introverts and very much introverted among extroverts. Quite appropriate. This word might be better off being higher in the comment chain.
🤣🤣😅 Different opinions I guess, I like Omnivert, it sounds nice too.
Me and the Boys in a *Salad Fingers* reference!?!
This is quite sad :( I think whoever wrote this needs a hug.
I was there! I read that story too! It was sad. He didn't consent to her eating it and was incredibly reluctant to shit on her chest in the first place :( EDIT: What the fuck are these sadface happyface bots???
Isn't Shikamaru just an awesome dude and everyone's best friend? He took after Asuma anyway who was also a pretty cool dude.
I have a problem of only being able to tell a story once. Once I tell it, I try to refine it or find a few different details. My ex's parents said I have a good way with words but it's because they got some things first-hand rather than retold things. It's difficult to stick to the same story and structure because if I've heard it before I feel like so have they...
I love this sub. Good question OP. One time I revealed my shoulders to my girl and she got happy from that. It wasn't "slutty" but apparently shoulder-less clothes will be good.
Oh good, stir up the ol' racial divides.
I think you should clarify with her that you intended to date her. Or did you already?
Just tell him to use regular tissue that can be flushed easily. Remember to clean up after. Make sure your dick gets cleaned too. I didn't have any talks at all, I learned prone-masturbation myself and keeping clean was easier with tissue rather than having a "wank-sock" (which I have yet to believe in) or some other form of clothing. I had to tell my brother to remember to clean away his used tissues rather than having anyone find them. It's justs sensible to stay clean and tidy when it comes to cum...
Honestly that looks perfect. I prefer mushrooms but if you dont like them you dont have to have them =p You're already achieved.
I have one near me at the very north end of the Victoria line. The Queen Victoria in Walthamstow Central. It's pretty small and chill, Karaoke every Friday. Classic songs as well as some good rock ones. All sorts of ages and quite a few regulars so get your songs on bits of paper in fast! Apparently it is LGBT friendly as well but not overly. Just friendly enough where I get asked if I'm gay by the people I interact with and it not to be trouble. And friendly enough to have drag shows but not get covered in rainbows.
I have once actually. I will always remember her name. It wasn't huge or significant but it just sat with me. I think I wrote about it but I lost the paper. I didn't know her, just a random dream person but it was a pretty big deal.
There's always aromantic... /r/aromantic
I had an account to browse here some time back. This OP's sentiment is exactly why I left and unsubbed on my accounts. Too much insistence on transiness and enforcement of gender. I don't think GNC always means trans :/
Eeeh. Props to them on being self-aware enough though. They might still be jealous in a hetero relationship but it's a bit more handle-able. But they know it would be bad on them because they get too jealous.
I went swimming at the weekend. It was late on sunday so it was adult time. The slide was closed. The lazy river was closed. Adults aren't allowed fun :'(
True, I don't subscribe fully to it but some of the sentiments are still nice.
Haha, you fuck. Nice.
Not just about League but IKeepItTaco is so much better as a steamer/player/entertainer than a lot of the higher viewer ones. It's not much to say though, just that Taco isn't a brat. But it's still worth saying. It's nice that this video managed to give a nice farewell to Eight Ones.
I'd go to the beach. Take your swimming stuff, maybe a floaty, a towell. A bucket, a spade, a frisbee, a picnic, a bottle, a smaller spade, a different bucket, a windbreak or an umbrella. I'd have a good day. I love digging and making sand castles. I'm not very good so my sand castles are blobs but I remember one time me and my brother made a quite decently large network of tunnels through a large mound of sand. I'd be enjoying myself and then maybe I'd start talking to some people because who can't help but get involved when I'm there with a spare bucket and spade making this cool sand thingy? Well actually, it's not such a cool sand thingy because I'm not very good, but that's why people also like to get involved with it. Maybe its a girl, maybe not. Maybe I'll be the one to start a conversation. Maybe I won't talk to anyone. But first, you got to get to the beach and enjoy yourself, then maybe someone might want to enjoy themselves with you.
Where do these people get their confidence from to do this? I'm guessing they don't keep doing it for long after it fails miserably. We are the witnesses to these people's very few first attempts at leading the way with OwOspeak.
I know this sub is a satirical sub but I thought some of you might get a laugh out of this post on furry\_irl at the moment Relevant: [https://www.reddit.com/r/furry\_irl/comments/el9yjr/grandpa\_irl/](https://www.reddit.com/r/furry_irl/comments/el9yjr/grandpa_irl/)
This is why I try to ward any bush I'm fighting in. I hate losing a fight because I lost vision and missed a single auto attack, it would be worse if a champ literally disappeared because I couldn't see them recalling, and we know it happens all the time.
The way his fucking corpse is [just lying there](https://imgur.com/WWZGISN) after the massive landing sweep animation.
Then the instant-dick-pics and sex talk shows you that they are not what you're looking for. They're filtering themselves out instead of you having to do the hard work :P
Aah I don't think it's ever too late to start. And think of it this way: you're starting from scratch. Sure you've had dates and sex with men, but if you haven't had that experience with women then it is almost like starting all over again :P You might end up at a better to use platform for single ladies instead.
I also think this is a very outdated "joke" yes.
I understand your title reference!
Why say "Heterosexual" and then "Gay/Lesbian" though? Just say "Straight" or "Homosexual"
That sounds like an awesome Nexus Blitz idea. That's a lot of variation and a lot of games!
This kid and the group of kids he was with were on a trip. This guy with the drum was drumming and got closer and closer to this kid and the group. While they waited for their bus or something, he just stood there and I guess smiling was a decent way to go. Clip got took out of context. Used to show MAGA Hat wearing kid "imtimidating" a native drumming man. People hated on the kid until more videos came out showing the drum-man approaching the group and all this kid is guilty of is standing his ground.
Well apparently WW3 is on our doorstep and possible Nuclear weapons involved in all this fucing drama. And I'm still going in to work every day to sit at a computer doing this mundane bullshit while I wait for various people in power to decide who and where to attack next. Fuck the world. If I was certain to be dying, probably some vigilante kind of stuff.
Good fuckin' comment
Good call. I added a report.
You should feel good for this happening imo. This is something so small and yet Brian is the one being super controlling and sensitive here. Seems like he is incredible jealous or insecure and it putting that on either Mike or You and even going so far as to attempt a sexual assault charge!! Stop trying to be nice, you're not being nice by worrying about possible "breaking up" their already-failing-marriage. You want to be nice? Help Mike out. Talk to him about Brian. How many other close life-long friends does Mike have to be able to talk to about this? You don't want to lose your best friend? Looks like you won't. And only Brian is the one having the impact and making that a possibility here by being so controlling. Come on, lady. Look at all these comments. You're safe now. No assault charges, Mike stood up for you to **the police** in front of his husband that seemed to near force him to go to the station to file what can only be described as a fake report. Now it is time to think about Mike. There is no guilt to be had. There is a sad thing here, you used to be with Mike when you were younger. Sure this plays into it. Maybe Mike is near-Bisexual and has discussed it with Brian as well which has led to some insecurities from Brian. - But that is Brian's problem. Not yours, and not totally Mike's problem. It is only Mikes problem now because Brian is creating the problems from it. It made me sad when I read this: &gt; We talked a lot more about how I'll be giving them space, and how I never wanted to be the proverbial straw. We'll still be in contact, but minimally until everything has settled on their end Who made the decision for space? You, or Mike? Of course no one wants to be the straw. But the straw doesn't have to be a bad thing. More like taking off the rose-coloured-specs. Minimal contact? What happened during the most recent phase of "minimal contact" was that Brian managed to convince Mike that he needed to file a sexual assualt case, go to a police station with all of you there and do it, even after Mikes multiple efforts to calm everything down. Whether their marriage is going well or not. Mike needs a friend. That doesn't **have** to be you, but you're probably close to him so it could be you if you can be there.
\&gt; Bisexual flag flare Half right then!
I have seen this!! I've also seen a dick with TWO fingers in there.
Hey dude. I have some stuff to tell but first thing's first: &gt; my boyfriend says he would probably leave me if i was bi and he’s everything to me. That worries me! Someone who loves you shouldn't really be disposing of you just because of your sexuality. If you are Bi, that doesn't say anything about your BF. It is something about you. Bisexual/Gay doesn't matter if you love him, but according to him, it does matter... Does he know you masturbate to lesbian porn or are you keeping that a secret? I consider myself bisexual heteroromantic which just means closer intimacy and romantic relationship with the opposite sex but sexually attracted to whatever the hell I want. I call it "Mysexual" sometimes because that has easier definition. I used to feel guilty regarding gay porn but as I accepted my bisexuality, so did I accept my sexual pleasure of multiple genders. You don't have to call yourself bi if you don't feel like it, but you do seem to fit into a definition of bisexual. &amp;#x200B; But seriously - your problem here isn't really about you. I think you can't really come to terms with yourself or explore who you are or what you like when you tell us you're so in love with this person who would leave you simply if you were Bi. That's really sad :(
I wore nail polish on my pinkie and ring finger while leaving the rest normal. That was nicely feminine while still being a dude. I also changed from checkered shirts to flowery/floral shirts. Still mens clothes, but much prettier. Also more colourful typically. ~~eyeliner~~ Guyliner for your eyes. Mascara always looks good regardless of gender and orientation!
Oh holy shit for reals? Damn that sucks :( Thanks, What is sunscreen for lips?
5 fucking second of invulnerability lol I haven't faced it, but I've seen plenty of streamers bait out a fuck tonne of abilities by having the second golden statue.
Oh shit I didn't even think about that different person!!! Even though they still have no idea how it is used. It seems to be some sort of "Revert" quirk.
These scene made me cry in the manga. The Anime had better made me cry as well!
How the fuck is it right that you can end up in debt to the fire department!?!?!
Yeah I came to the comments to call this terrorism as well. And yet other world leaders won't fucking condemn this acts. Edit: Yes I read it. Fucking NATO is involved with US participation. Fucking Great. So now NATO is a terrorist organisation as well? 60 Civilians.. We are all **ALSO** CIVILIANS. HOW IS THIS OK?!
Why tf do people on such low hp come back like this?
thatHappened is full of stuff that is perfectly possible to happen but these people are so sad that they won't even try and believe something however simply nice it may be. That's why r/nothingeverhappens exists.
This is nice. It's good to be aware of a joke and whether it is funny and why it is funny. Another example is I was watching a "You've been framed" the UK version of America's Funniest Homemade Videos thing. The commentator did a rape joke for a dog and a stuffed toy. "No, I'm not that kind of girl. Please.. let me go" -&gt; "I love you" / "See, I knew you'd come around" I felt old but also it wasn't funny. Are rape jokes really funny? Yo mama can be fun/funny in some ways but they can also be toxic.
When I meditate, all I get is these kinds of visions and dreams. If I try and conjur them, they don't happen but when I try to clear my mind I end up in some dream and then I try and stop that as well because if I'm watching or participating in a dream.. does that mean I'm meditating wrong because my mind is not clear? What's best here is trying to analyse the dreams a bit. I find they have meaning in them most of the time.
Oh yeah that bit. &gt;with a spokesman confirming US participation in the operation. So like.. They still haven't confirmed who was meant to do what. Also, OK, so NATO is a terrorist organisation now as well? Seriously what the fuck is happening. These are CIVILIANS. I am a civilian. You are a civilian. I don't care WHO the terrorism comes from, it's fucking absurd that this kind of collateral of 60 people is *fiiiiiiine* if one Commander is successfully killed.
So that's even worse right? Everyone is working together to commit terrorism now because they're all bad brown people. WOOHOOO WE GOT HIM ^^^60innocentpeopleaswell YEAH GO WORLD And I'm still right. They won't condemn it, because they're a part of it.
Oh my poor brain and thought processes are all going awry and worrying about a fucking world war. Yes I am broken I should lobotomise myself so at least I have an excuse for not being able to read properly.
On the 15k reddit thread currently at one gold reward with a certainly sensationalist title. Now yes. I agree. We don't know where this is, who these "civilians" are, why those civilians were there, why the commander was there etc **But** don't you think we deserve a little more reporting or news especially if this is a NATO job then NATO should be saying something or we should have a different post/article to discuss the value of human life. How many other lives are worth it to target one person? Real/True Civilians or not, is 60 killed/wounded an ideal number for targeting one person? Too many? Not enough? When do the nukes start being used to target someone? It's just a slow trickle. Increasing tensions, more attacks, more killings. I don't care if it is propaganda. The point is that it is a thing that happened and NATO have confirmed activity. And they wouldn't be able to say "Look what the westerners are doing to us!!" if this shit stopped happening. Again, propaganda or not, it is an event that took place which can be used by either side as ammunition and evidence of perceived wrongdoing.
Like if we don't post everything assholes say and give them 13k+ Upvotes and a platimun reward (worth $5.99) I know the post is about the reply calling it out but if everyone just ignored the assholes we'd all be a lot happier. On Twitter, there are two options for people: You can Block them, which shows the users "You have been blocked" and all that. Or you can Mute someone. Which tells them absolutely nothing but you simply stop hearing from them. It's like they stop existing. 'tis a magical function. Imagine if everyone muted the shit-stirrers...
\&gt; So that's what would happen if I invented the Finglonger...
&gt;Politely int Haha I guess 😂
Ok no world war. Just keep killing random people because they're nearby the bad people anyway. Blow more stuff up. Bomb more places. Get lucky and hit the right target. More bad people take their place. Kill them as well. Yeah this is fucking real fun. World war or not, bombs are being dropped and people are getting killed. If it isn't a world war its a war across the world. Its shit. Blowing people up is shit. Blowing places up is shit. Am i supposed to be happy some random guy and a group of either civilians or baddie allies got killed and injured as collateral? Am i supposed to be pleased that fucking NATO is apparently also a war council? Great days! Please sir, may I fly the next drone? I want to make some people go boom boom next 😬
Also "People like you" Fucking great line. People like you who use the phrase "people like you" have no place passing judgement on anyone.
It's not a stupid question. Don't be mean to people.
From what I've read. Face blindness is related to Aphantasia but not always. It is a separate thing called prosopagnosia... I think. I'm new here as well!
My brother is 25 and like to do cosplay stuff. My mum likes to borrow his stuff to use because they are useful tools. She regularly loses stuff around the house but because it is inside she insists it is "not lost". He is very close to restricting the use of his tools!
If you just had a shower, why do you need to worry about which part dries what? It's all clean skin at that point.
Me @ Comicon: :D :O :P :ooo
This post is dog-shit because this is not introversion. Introverts don't pity themselves being alone, they enjoy being alone. This post is not making introversion a personality, it is making depression a personality and conflating introversion and depression into one thing but they're not the fucking same thing and it's dumb.
Introversion and kill-myself-depression are not the fucking same thing.
I listened to [Forever and Always by Parachute](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xlwpf8u4aw) The first time I heard it I enjoyed it. The second time I listened to it and it made me cry. The third time I listened again and it made me cry again and it made me laugh because I cried again.
Thanks, I fully agree that is stupid as well. I just didn't want to include two complaints in the same comment!
Has anyone seen A Dog's Purpose? God damn that's a tearjerker but in a good way.
Agree 100% I like figures and official merch. But Funko is one company churning out anything they can possibly print onto their shitty shaped frame.
I've heard of this too but be careful with it.
And these extreme fucking stupids are making bank on Twitch streams...
Feels bad if you have no life lesson for people to write on it though. I have a couple of diaries which would include them, but they have to wade through a lot of other no-so-wholesome stuff to actually find a decent line...
Well it's not that one may never have a challenge or a lesson, just that it doesn't get written down and transcribed onto the tree :(
They thought that it was too bad to recover from and yet *he* texted *you* in an effort to try again. Looks like he's already recovered pretty well from it. You should come away from this with pride. I'd like to give some advice to the dude but you should pass it on instead...: Instead of saying sorry - Say "Thank you" - or "Wow" or something similar. Cumming like that isn't a complaint or something to apologise for. He has hands and a mouth too, you can change places ;D
It would be this for me as well. Isn't it sad that from such a young age we have already been affected and we already know/knew how much we needed money. Mine wasn't for fun or for disney or toys or something. It was just because we really need/ed it.
Seriously this is getting stupid. What the hell is the PBE for? This is such a dumb thing to make it through the BETA ENVIRONMENT. I really want Riot to answer on this, it has happened too many times and now this one is one of the most obvious...
They grouped up vs an enemy who punishes groups and got punished for it. I don't think there is enough knowledge to call him "Kinda broken" just yet lol Plus the Vel'Koz laser, I think the enemy was also extra fed. I don't think Sett it even all the damage here. Sett just set it up for Alistar as well.
Understandable but what is the point in having 1000 more tests when the first test bought up the bug that will keep happening in the 1000x more tests?
If it helps, I have a normal un-mutilated dick and I sit to pee all the time. I get that it's a choice you're not given but standing to pee isn't all joy and rainbows. Piss goes everywhere and typically needs a wipe. Do you just get it *more* everywhere and need more wiping? You're not missing out on much.
And also &gt;"**A Gun is always loaded**. Never point a gun at anything unless you intend to kill it" I get uncomfortable enough when people do finger guns at/to me. Since a kid, I don't know what makes me uncomfortable with them but they're literally for killing so I don't mind being scared of gun. Skeet shooting fun as fuck though.
Good stuff McCkennaa. Even when I was a creeper kid in online forums and chat rooms, I never sent blind/unrequested pictures. I was always hunting for that tasty consent. I think it's fucking weird that adult people think sending these out randomly is going to work...
People who unironically hate on Fortnite are Boomers. It's new, it's popular, the kids are playing it? BAD
I'm a london brit and I think it's super weird to have a second bowl in your bowl... The only upside I have experienced is that you're able to store dirties in the big bowl on the side, still use the actual sink and then eventually move the plastic into the sink to be filled and used. However, the size different when goingk from sink to plastic bowl is quite upsetting as I like room to move around and then for some swishing to rinse it.
Potentially if this cisgendered person was presenting in a non-cis fasion. A drag-queen is still a cis-male. Mulan dressed as a Man for however long. I'm sure the army leader would have been expecting a penis but was surprised to find out she is actually a woman. If a person presents as the opposite gender for whatever reason, it should be courtesy to tell someone that you're not what you look like. A person is not obligated to enjoy unexpected genitals.
Does the Liandrys + Frozen Heart aura still work?
You made me cry!
haha. I don't say anything to people about it. I'm not like "Don't point that thing at me!!" But it's just an inherent thing. I guess I'd describe it as a phobia because it is completely irrational. My mind almost says "If they can point fingers and say bang then that could also be a gun one time and you'd be dead right now". I know it's stupid. Can't help it though.
I don't think I've ever seen a post where someone steamed/ironed it first. I swear it's the unwritten rule that people must post their flag with folds still imprinted!
What an amazing post. Thanks for writing this up. &gt;When a trans person, as a child, is denied that doll, it also denies those innate feelings and desires that I mentioned above, and causes them to invert: &gt; &gt;Tradition. I can no longer bond with my female, cis mother and relatives. &gt; &gt;Feminine Power. I can no longer emulate child bearing. (Child bearing is a tricky subject here but I'm simplifying things.) &gt; &gt;Imagination. I can no longer picture being the guardian or raising a child. &gt; &gt;Impulse. I can no longer act out the innate need to nurture, create, or care. And I assume then that as these feelings are internalised and kept, when re-approaching these wants of all of these desires or feelings, they come back as repressed due to being the 'wrong' gender which in turn leads people to believe that to express these parts of themselves, the only way is to align oneself with the gender that is "allowed" to express these things. \&gt; I understand this somewhat as I have lived it. I have also experienced the over-zealous ONE OF US encouragement from the trans community which I had to soft argue against a lot of the time which did help me re-affirm myself as a cis male who is GNC or something more like that.
I used to see that as some fun but now I see it and yeah.. Reading the titles I'm thinking I don't really want to see it. It might interest me, but I'm not in that kind of mood most of the time.
I almost know that kitten one. I clicked off it when I knew what was happening but before I saw it.
Idk, head hair isn't pubic hair so I'd like to think nope.
I'd like SOMA but as a film.. Needs some artistic licence taken to it to adapt it for a large audience but I think it would be very cool.
That's really close to 157 as well... they are vertically adjacent on the numberpad! I wonder how many people said I hate you. Murder. Death. When they actually meant Keep in touch... ?
Leaving work. Not leaving for work. That is a sick place of work!
I browse reddit a lot so not much gives me more that the nose exhale. This gave me a good chuckle, good meme.
I didn't click through, i wonder what window it would lead through or if it would do the credit card requirement... Maybe its another way they got so many downloads.
Are you seriously this autistic? Its an impression of the people getting stuck/trapped. He is speaking in dumb-speak as a parody. You got severely wooshed.
Oops
Oh shit is this a trend? I just saw this come up on /r/popular and thought it was pretty shitty. This sub doesn't usually show up in the popular feed... So does that mean toxic masculinity bullshit like this is more popular than the intended trollxchromosome counterpart?
You have validated me! I'm one of those furries that only likes the yiff. Each to their own :) [google: each to their own](https://imgur.com/09NqlQH) lol nice one google.
I guess the mods are becoming lazy or are toxic themselves then?
Makes sense, well put. First step would be to add some rules about not being a MGTOW sub or becoming Incels version 2. Then they can actually enforce something instead of allowing the trend to continue. TBH, I found trollX very boring about "haha/ouch periods", but at least it's about XX and not toxic towards XY... Actually there is a good idea, what does this post have to do with TrollY? It's just complaining towards women.
If it tastes like a grilled cheese, I assume you're getting a cheeseburger with no patty? and not just garnished bun?
Ignorance != Racism.
I'm talkign about your order. You said you liked them without the patty. Do you like a Hamburger without the Patty, or do you like a Cheeseburger without the patty?
Of course it is ok lol I consider myself a switch so I just like it both ways. You can imagine all of these posts with the genders reversed or of the same gender, they'll be the same but might not show a "reversal" as such. It's just easier to set it as a community into role reversal of M/F You're not being sexist at all, you can prefer whatever you want! :)
This is so fucking late and this discussion has been going on for years. The government is useless and clueless here. [Mr Nigel Adams](https://www.theyworkforyou.com/mp/24878/nigel_adams/selby_and_ainsty) (&lt;- his voting record) )is currently the MP and Minister of State for Sport, Media &amp; Creative Industries so this is mostly under his remit. Most notable here is his [voting history on gambling](https://www.theyworkforyou.com/mp/24878/nigel_adams/selby_and_ainsty/divisions?policy=810) where he has totally voted against regulation for Gambling. I doubt anything will be happening with loot boxes while he is in power. China regulated to have the odd/results chances released publicly. Blizzard went so far as to not have Loot crates available for purchase and instead they would be a "freebie" alongside actual direct purchases. The UK is so dumb when it comes to understanding things like this. They said that as it isn't a real-life item and it can't be used for trade/resale, it doesn't count as gambling. I mean what? How is paying money to roll a dice and have a positive/negative outcome on your payment not gambling?
No no. This is too creepy. How old are they supposed to be? I'm really weirded out.
$20 for one medium Pizza?!?! wtF I can see why they wanted the upgrade at that price!
&gt;told him sure, gave him a price. Mah Man! I'd love the opportunity to sell weird stuff to weird people. I'm well jealous of Belle Delphine for example.
Up to a point of self-harm.. Same!
What a great fuckin' find. I want one.
Yep that's the one. I can't hate at all for it, you can't even tell if it's false advertising! It is capitalism at it's finest, literally capitalising on exactly what people want, finding a very niche market and making bank from it. Like a guy who does solo porn with balloons and makes 2k a week. Like how do these people find an audience? Please tell me because I want that audience too.
Yep. But I just mean in general. If this guy votes for nothing towards limiting gambling. Why would he take issue with something less than gambling? It doesn't need to be properly regulated with ID, but just making sure people know what they're paying for and the risks. Example I have spent over £400 on league of legends, none of that was a loot box but a lot of it was mystery skins for myself and among friends. But we knew what we're paying for - skins, albeit mystery. We have a charity here YGAM (Young Gamblers and Gamers Education Trust), they're putting some nice effort towards educating about the "gambling" aspect of it. Even if its teaching parents about what they're paying for in their kids' games it is something. And the problem really being addiction, that feeling of "one more roll". As it stands, it seems to be going along mostly ignored by the government.
Need one of those magnet charger thingies.
I misread your comment, thought it said it was funny, went back and re-read it.. Now i'm sad.
Ive never bought meal supplements or protein or anything of the sort and I get these ads regularly on reddit. I think they're a reddit ad rather than a you-targeted ad if it helps...
Yo is this you? This is some good writing/explanation.
On a thread in r/pics with a girl with something gently friendly and motivating on her hand. People in the comments were hating on typical "white girl" stuff. I don't know why this is white girl stuff and why it is supposed to be hated because it comes from a white girl. I really want to know why people can hate something that is so clearly an effort to be nice to people. Why would you want to shun that?
How sad it is that the comments that like this are downvoted to the bottom and the comments hating on it are at the top? No matter, I see you. I hope you're doing as good as you can. Here is a smile from a stranger :)
All the best 💜
Turn that pessimism into more questions. Probably won't = I don't know when. Good luck out there 💜
Nice. I like to go on rants like this too. A little less eloquent though so I liked reading yours =D
i love you lol
Not only that, but Irelia made no effort to fight away the Janna.
&gt;I was so embarrassed that she hated it to the degree that she did. Oof thats quite upsetting. I know how uncomfortable it is when you like something so much but someone seems to completely loathe it :/ It gets more difficult to enjoy for yourself. Yeah! Be the cool mom!
Yeah he's a talking cat. You can't expect a cat to be anything more than loving and faithful to his owners/belongings. Meowth is a great character,
Kobe is for skill and/or accuracy. Yeet is for distance and/or power.
This room looks more cozy and homely than any room I have ever owned lol Well jealous!
Transcription: "I'll be honest, I'm actually just.... uh, my mood is like rapidly uuh, *falling*. I... I don't know. I always feel really really bad when stuff happens with the game. or related to the game. and I already am dreading twitter and Reddit and fucking everything else that is just so cancer because: I can't *not* take this serious and passionate because it's my life. and it, it just feels wrong to know that you're going to get flamed for something that you love and that you're trying to help with... y'know?"
Somewhat a source/original [https://funnyjunk.com/Not+my+drawing/mwngMzj/](https://funnyjunk.com/Not+my+drawing/mwngMzj/) I can't dive much deeper, this is the most full image I have found and it's called "Not my drawing" Then whose is it?!?
It is fucking ambiguous, it has two meanings, neither of them 100% clear. Reddit, stop being a whiney bitch ffs. Anyway, this is the closest to the original source I could find. [https://funnyjunk.com/Not+my+drawing/mwngMzj/](https://funnyjunk.com/Not+my+drawing/mwngMzj/)
That has to be intentional right? &gt;die man does and I never understand these, how do you think "die man does and" relates to something being quite cheap and easily available? Dime a dozen :)
Let's make this a race thing. Good thing he isn't a Black judge! Getting out of the car like that.... smh.
So many TILI posts are just crossposts from TIHI. This is a decent sub but seriously if you're subbed to both you're just repeating all of the content. Sorry this is the first comment on your post, I just wanted to acknowledge the trend... To be very fair, what the hell is even TIHI about this? This is all around a great fuckin' image.
Americans do a lot of stupid shit. BUT... Do you guys really have to shit on someone for enjoying a nice scenic drive? The destination doesn't matter. Look how nice that photo is. I'd love to have any excuse to drive on something like that. It's r-slash-roadtrip not r-slash-we'regoingtogetfastfood.
The subreddit's caption is: &gt;Shit Americans Say: we can't make it up. "we can't make it up" as in it is unbelievable. Holy shit these people are going on a road trip and getting fast food what the fuck Americans whatever will they do next?!
Yep. I'm stalking your profile now. As suspected, you love to use this website and tag people and assume they're bigots. I bet you don't even follow through and read people's participation reasons.
Woah thats gotta be some good ice cream.
Yeah you know what I mean. Nice to see Reddit denying the reality of cop racism...
Crazy because I acknowledge that: if a black person did the same thing, the prevalent systemic racism in cops might cause danger to the judge?
Sorry I have to assume reasons you tagged me in websites and provided no further info. Your comment history suggests you accuse people or being bigots when you reply with links to that site.
I don't know about shyt but watching her casually farm minions for 6g a pop physically hurt me.
Aww cool someone being included in a hobby. Aww boo a really really expensive hobby.
They probably have to see something in action to help. But I don't like the police. I was out one evening, Friday or Saturday night and I was very drunk. I take the Victoria line home and live along the line. I needed to go north bound. I ended up falling asleep on the phone because it's late and I'm drunk. I wake up at Walthamstow central where the train terminates. Oops. So I get off the train and wait for the next stop. I sit down and next to me is this black guy and a policeman is talking to him trying to get him to move or leave or wake up or something. I try not to get involved because I don't know whats happening. The guy is saying he just wants to get home. By the sound of it, it's late, he fell asleep waiting for his train and the police needed him to leave. But this is where the trains are, so if he left, how would he get his train home? So this starts to get worse. This guy is asking him to leave him alone and the police is sticking to it, he's asked him to leave so now he **has to leave** because he said so. The guy is just sitting on the chair not complying, probably because it's an unreasonable request. He asks me what I think but I'm still drunk and asleep and just shake my head and laugh because this is really uncomfortable. So the police starts getting more aggressive. Like so much so. This guy is just sitting on the chair. Now.. I don't know what you've imagined, but this guy is by no means homeless and he doesn't seem drunk. He's just there. Normal clothes, he has a bag on him with a no-charge-laptop in it. He's just a guy but they wanted him to leave. I suspect he had fallen asleep on the platform and they were trying to get him to leave because they don't want rough sleepers on the platform. But he's a normal guy and it's friday night. This whole situation is caused by the police, not the dude. So they call for back up. They're getting more aggressive. They don't let the guy board the train, he has to leave. I'm sitting there watching this happen like "Wtf how did this escalate so much?" It was all police escalation. The guy was being as passive as possible but really wanted to use the train rather than leave. So another police turns up, they're holding him now. Making sure he can't go anywhere. I guess so he can't get on the train. More police turn up. This guy is justifiably scared. More police turn up. Maybe there are about 6 of them now. I ask one of them whats going on. I want to be a witness to this. I ask why there are so many of them there. Can someone take a statement from me? I get told to leave and stay out of it. Sit down and wait if you need to speak to us. OK. No one can speak to me at all because all 6 of them are busy with this guy now. Each of them holding a different part of him. I wanted to write down some contact details for the dude as a witness so I went in his back looking for something to write down. He only really had his laptop which was dead so I couldn't do anything. I ask the police to write something down like contact details for me but again, they're all too busy with this dude. Totally unnecessary so I have to wait for them. Eventually. This guy is getting arrested and is "resisting arrest" because of fucking course he is. This whole thing was manufactured by police and they clearly had nothing better to do in WALTHAMSTOW CENTRAL than group up and 6+ of them gather on a train platform to arrest one dude doing literally nothing. Nothing ever happens in walthamstow central. I'm glad they were under in the station instead of outside where no muggings or stabs ever take place because outside is so safe.... Wait what thread am I in again? Regarding Walthamstow and Blackhorse Road... I have had two encounters with police like this. I do not like them. They do not use power properly and don't treat people like people. Both times I have felt people's personhood erased for the sake of the police getting their own way. One police guy talked to me at the end. I explained what happened. How it was so ridiculous they ended up arresting him. How it was all manufactured by them and the guy did nothing. AFTER they had arrested and taken him away. He puts me towards one of the "arresting officers" who is a woman who was one of the last few to turn up. She took my details to call as a witness if it was a case but I didn't get a call so I hope this guy is ok. She even dismissed her own personhood. Badgenumber, date, time only. No name, no reason for that arrest. No explanation. Absolutely nothing. Who the fuck do the police work for?
Why is the one on the far left a floating truck?
&gt;To those who have messaged me wondering why I talk about my virginity inviting these types of conversations.... Hey I like you. I don't understand why people feel the need to go to the point of even sending a PM about it... Is it because what they say shouldn't be read by people on a public forum? I'm very sexual too and love to go into all sorts of it with friends :P IMO, no you're not wrong to differentiate between them. They're wrong to tell you how to think about your own experience!
Nice, thanks.
Decent game. I'm only halfway in on PC (I think, its still mystery to me). Reminiscent of portal.
This is so dumb. If you wear gloved and have a shower, did you really have a shower?
Seriosuly does Reddit ever properly answer a question? I guess people just like to make jokes about something easy to google. I, on the other hand, like to act incredibly pretentious as though I'm better than everyone else explain my self-awareness while also answering your question as though that makes it any less fuck-witted.
If you say so. But i don't think you're talking from experience... More just being judgemental. Either way, whatever you think.
Damn shit sucks dude. Tomorrow should be better I guess, that can't all happen again!
Thanks. Did you have to PM it or does that one work all over the place?
I didn't do one today but I have before, previously I PM vredditdownloader so I wasn't sure if vredditshare works here or not. So does the PM telling you it's banned include the shareable content?
I deem myself quite good at dodging skillshots or at least juking and making the enemy miss. I also love Jhin. You're right, Jhin makes the whole dance feel beautiful as well.
Both. Either. Yes. /r/inclusiveOr That's how they get around it isn't it? They know that the amount of sugar is not allowed to be in one thing, so they just say "2 SeRviNgs" hahaha. And the food commission or whoever controls the traffic lights says "Oh yes that's ok, people aren't supposed to have it all to themselves" Which is absolute bullshit because it's one bottle. I be that's what their dumb fucking name campaign was for. Wasn't it supposed to be like "Share a drink with 𝓗𝓮𝓷𝓻𝔂 " so they could pretend that the bottle was for two people? I fucking hate big corporations that are so easily allowed to disregard the rules like this. Serving size and nutritional information fiddled bullshit.
I assume you mean "n' shit" which is like "and stuff" but doesn't sound like "whatever, it's shit."
I've said this before... I think it's different from the problem you're facing though but this is how I feel sometimes. I don't know if it's people not wanting to hang out or if you're trying to make friends with the wrong people... For me: I don't talk to people because they don't really need to hear from me. I don't make plans with people because they're probably busy or have something better to do. I don't share things with people because they're probably boring to them or they don't care anyway. People aren't interested in the same things I like so why should I need to talk about them? The thing can occupy my time, I don't need to occupy their time with it as well. People don't need me. They can get what I offer from other people. If I am ok with myself, I'll leave the opportunity open to others that need each other. ... All of my negativity is externalised. It isn't an "I'm useless" thing; it's "They don't really care" kind of thing. It isn't about me but about them. It's not like I hate people, quite the opposite, I love them all so much. But I feel that it isn't reciprocated. I love me as well, I can love me more than they can, so what is the point? Surely I am better by myself. I love it when I get to hang out with people, in group settings or when I go and do something with someone. But it's usually so rare. I only really do it when I know the other person wants to do it. I can't fathom how my attendance makes whatever plan actually worthwhile making. Everyone is so much better company to everyone else, I'm just a small addition who joins in sometimes. When I put this into words... It gets weird. Sorry for the ramble. Your post just accidentally prompted me.
Yeah but... That's just sitting somewhere where there otherwise is no seat. How else would one sit?
Panel three. That shot of him [coming out of the sun is so fucking amazing](https://imgur.com/a/gXT3kOp). I loved getting the background in the next episode "When he reforms... blah blah" Then we get Kai's POV and he's talking and thinking big then he looks up and just sees it. The glowing eyes, Eri's hair, the shine from their quirks and wrapped in Mirio's cape. Pushed by Kai to fight this hard, Overhaul has almost effectively \*[Overhauled\* Eri and Midoriya into this hero of unfathomable power](https://i.imgur.com/GITQ2UF.png), as [he looks up](https://i.imgur.com/Oxc8wp5.png) and we can see the fear/realisation in his face at what is coming. Their power bursts and [absolutely shreds Chisaki's self-creation](https://i.imgur.com/iukUZJa.png) apart. Midoriya is still on the attack and [Chisaki sees him coming](https://i.imgur.com/YyjlDR7.png). We get a [single frame](https://i.imgur.com/mW5JViN.png) of Midoriya's feelings towards Chisaki as he unleashes 100%
&gt;If confidence in democracy has been slipping it is because democratic institutions have been seen failing to address some of the major crises of our era . . . To restore democratic legitimacy that must change. People see government do bad, people don't like government. People must see government to do good so people like government again. Instead, government must lie more in order to look like it is doing good while doing the same thing it has always done.
I have no idea what is happening here. What order are they read in? Is there an order? Why did Vampire become Vampire time stop and the only one we see results for is time stop? How many results were there for vampire? I understand the nhentai logo, no confusion there.
I love how you wanted to say more about this gif 😁 You said 4 things about it, your title and three comments. Nice.
Play. Plllllaaaay. Pl... Lay. Laaayyyyy.
Because why?
How can you not have thought of the long term!? Oh gosh this spur of the moment decision is going to destroy you for the rest of your life starting in 4 months! Im so sorry :( /s
Outside where the pigeons are, the leaves fall and cars exist. Yes, don't mind. Inside anywhere, especially near where food might be eaten. Get out.
I couldn't help but feel bad for the guy when Shiggy gang got their hands on him. Then I realised he didn't deserve me to care so I stopped.
Haha that's just as good thanks!
Yeah I have a superiority complex but I don't use it to attack anyone. Gatekeeping is a huge one and assholes are generally good at attacking people regardless of subject.
Idiot bot. We asking for it, let us have it. Stupid.
Do you still need help, bro?
Have you really never inhaled a sweet? I make that noise maybe too much. Sucking on something slowly slowly dissolving it in my mouth and OOP CHOKE &gt; GUH-HARKGH.. Phew. Ok back to sucky sucky sucky :)
Nothing is wrong with Axe. It's called Lynx in the UK and near everyone I know uses it. Reddit just has a circle jerk hate-boner on Axe for whatever reason. From someone below: &gt;Because teenaged boys used Axe as if it were a shower in a can. It didnt take away your BO, it all just got strongly mixed resulting in classrooms and hallways having a distinct odor. So people don't like it because it is indicative of people who don't wash properly? Well that means it could have been literally any brand and any deodorant and people would hate it. Why don't people hate on the **lack of washing** instead of the tool people use to cover it up?
Looks like the comment thread is automatically collapsed sadly.
I guess that's accurate. But the blanket is applied to Axe as a whole. I'm sure they have more scents than that one from the boys locker room. It doesn't remind me of it really despite everyone using it. Maybe I was lucky with people who knew how to wash at my school. I have a couple different ones anyway so if someone said "Yo why do you smell like a boys locker room?" to me then I can wear something else. Rock, eagle, flag? What sort of smell does that?
Was that about Jerry?
Yeah you won't stink. Until you start to stink again...
Come over babe. I have two types. You can smell all the adult Lynx you want ;) But on the serious, yeah a lot of people still use it. I'm in the UK though, we most certainly have different experiences with Axe/Lynx.
Damn I should have known that one. I have a [link too](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uf0l6D2Memk), this creepy as fuck advert for Lynx in the UK from \~2013. I don't fully understand the marketing strategy but based on some of their ads I agree with you! I'm not sure if you guys have been missing out but if you haven't seen some of [them, you should](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqD5SecdNbs), such as that weird one up there.
Eeh. Hard to take serious the &gt;entitled to your opinion when it is immediately followed by &gt;you’re definitely mischaracterizing ... I think you're mischaracterizing my argument to serve your own purpose of justifying your simple dislike of a scent. I like it, you don't. Simple. But the huge deal around it made by so many commenters on reddit indicates there is something more to it than just "Axe bad, smells bad". If it really smelled bad, it wouldn't exist. And teens use it as a shower substitute for a reason: it smells good (or at least better than body odour you must concede &gt;:D - Unless you want to argue you rather smell BO than Axe. But then also teens use so much that it mixed into BO-Axe which I can't imagine.)
Honestly I saw that coming as I was typing it.
I get those while quite awake and very lucid. I can start to have dreams just by closing my eyes and cleaning my mind. I conjure images/dreams instead of having a completely blank mind.
[https://genius.com/Motion-city-soundtrack-its-a-pleasure-to-meet-you-lyrics](https://genius.com/Motion-city-soundtrack-its-a-pleasure-to-meet-you-lyrics) The Chorus is a nice part. &gt;You are not alone We've all had our battles with darkness and shadows I'm here to let you know It's a pleasure to meet you &gt; &gt; Today is all we have So try for a moment to break from the torment And sing this to yourself It's a pleasure to meet you
Oh yeah for sure. I just mean they can happen outside of the exact transition between awake/sleep. I guess it's close, but you don't have to literally be on the cusp of sleep for them always.
I know what Izuku's likely quirk would be. And I think we have seen it in the Anime as well. During the Hosu incident, on one of the Nomu. On my second watch through, I realised there was a little extra attention paid to a Nomu. Partly because it was to show off Endeavour, but I would argue that this Nomu in particular was used as a small easter egg kind of thing regarding Izuku's quirk, what it could have been, how it was stolen and of course why Izuku wouldn't have known about it. 1. We see a Nomu threatening some pedestrians. [Endeavour arrives and blasts it with fire](https://i.imgur.com/AymVoff.jpg). We see the Nomu absolutely engulfed. 2. Endeavour acknowledges the Nomu's quirk. "[Absorbtion and release](https://i.imgur.com/eb2UCMZ.jpg)" Notably with fire of course because that is what Endeavour uses. Even if he hit the Nomi with [not too much power](https://i.imgur.com/CCz40Qh.jpg), it was still able to absorb and release. 3. The Nomu [explodes in fire as it releases it](https://i.imgur.com/7lhGHtI.jpg). Here we go: Most importantly, breathing fire is what Izuku's father can do. It's not very much or very good, so his Dad just has a regular job. We've seen other people talking about Endeavour and someone on the news said in response to his actions "I have a fire type quirk too...(So it's ice to see endeavour blah blah)" - Fire **type quirk.** Noting that quirks can be elemental, or at least "type" based. Then we have his mother, [Inko Midoriya's](https://bokunoheroacademia.fandom.com/wiki/Inko_Midoriya) quirk. She can attract small objects. Not very useful. It probably just helps her pick things up without bending over. - Inko's quirk is some kind of "attraction" quirk in that she pulls things closer to her. I suggest that the potential mixing/breeding/evolution of these two parent's quirks would be a result of A**ttraction** \+ F**ire**. This Nomu has both of those characteristics. Attraction with the Absorbtion and relating to Fire with absorbing and releasing fire while being somewhat a little more resistant to fire damage but not much really. And of course this is all possible with Izuku and Inko going to see Dr. Ujiko when he was a child... We get a small montage of Izuku attempting to manifest his quirk. Desperately reaching for something trying to replicate his mothers or shouting/breathing trying to breath fire like his father. But while Izuku was trying to manifest like this, there was no real opportunity or idea to cover himself in fire and see if he could absorb it. He was the perfect candidate of public children to simply have his quirk taken away. It is reasonable that people can be born without a quirk, especially when the parents don't have amazing quirks to begin with. He could have used a fake x-ray, or even made up the fact about the toe joint. It doesn't matter. What does matter is quirk evolution and quirk types, and this Nomu features both types of Izuku's parents while also existing alongside Nomu who also have quirks taken/used from Izuku's other classmates.
Where is it u/Kreamy-Kae :( plz
That's a bit heavy handed, dude... Yes he doesn't have one. And also here is an explanation of why he **definitely** doesn't have one. But maybe in the past he did... Rule 5 "Low quality content / shitpost" This has effort in it and I thought about it.
Doesn't matter. Post got removed.
Yuumi is so dumb lol You just attach and press one button all game and just watch it unfold. I love it. I've had so much fun. Hop, heal, hop heal heal, heal, hop, heal, ult, hop, heal etc
Yep, the literally 100% uptime on Attack Speed and Movespeed boost is really strong for some champs. And then being able to hop between people and keep it 100% up on two people. And also make sure you buy ardent censer because of course you should.
I played a full AP Ekko with Gunblade into a Full Tank Sion who built a decent amount of MR including Adaptive Helm. We fought for soo long, it was pretty fun tbh.
It wasn't bad. I was staying at a friends and sharing a bed with another dude staying over. Middle of the night this guy is rolling over grabbing my crotch. I'm like yo what the fuck, pushing him off me. I was pretty sure he was sleeping doing it so I didn't really mind, maybe he likes to get cuddly when he's asleep. So in the morning I told my friend (the one who we were staying at) and then told him in front of people when he also got up and came in the room. Embarrassed the fuck out of him and gave everyone something to think about.
No watersports and you have yourself a new follower. Where your subreddit? Do you post things to your own profile? I do sometimes on my porn alts, it's a good place to keep things.
I think the downvotes are from one person's misconception that you are calling sex shameful and the rest are from sheep. I agree, sex is put down quite often but people enjoy it. I think the difference is that it is with someone else. People can get into some real kinky stuff together and enjoy it, like that dude with the stump leg in the vagina. That's two adults doing it. During masturbation, as one person watching the kinky shit, I assume it is different for people where they see the performance of that as kind of shameful to watch or they're not necessarily interested in...
Disgaree. The first one wasn't even the correct red. I've just had a post-box near me repainted and I didn't really notice while it was looking gross but since being done it looks much prettier. I agree with them, have some pride, do it properly.
I assume it was in response to something else about boobs/nipple play/boob size/orgasms. But also yes, "a girl with a cup boobs..." instead of dehumaning to just boobs.
~~I disagree this should be posted to this sub. Regardless of how insulting it it, it is a reply to something.~~ Pre-posted edit: And then I looked it up. He was replying to: &gt; a cup titty culture is trying not to laugh when ur fucking a dude and he starts sucking on ur heartbeat
Nice. "He wasn't lost..." "I found her" Good shit Jesus.
Fair fair. I don't pronz on this reddit but reddit is very good for it with alt accounts imo. Where you can also shoot the shit RE porn
Unless you're into voyeurism or exhibitionism or you're comfortable talking about it. But generally yeah don't be having sex in front of non-consenting people
Yeah to Gohan, Goten and Goku.
I want a Yuumi on me now. I've played as her twice over maybe 6 ARURFs!
Its nice to keep ardent on two people tbh
Goes through some walls with a bit of luck in positioning as well.
If they were all so obsessed with their chairs and screens and these two were supposedly the first to meet each other in such a long time.... How were there babies?
I'm a guy and I've just started working out and I'm feeling up my chest all the time! If I had boobs I definitely would be.
But :( [It has only just flowered!](https://i.imgur.com/9xyyFhl.png) I would try to shove it up my ass, that's a lot of money.
If you're anything like me, songs in my head are usually references to irl things or feelings. Is it about someone? Who is it about, dude?
Fair enough, they are some pretty good songs lol. I'm not dying but I regularly have *Live Like You Were Dying* in my head :D
I was going to ask how he would figure that out but he managed to find the control for the grabber so nvm.
Oooof that was cleeeeeeeeeean
There are two kinds of people in this world.
Can you not destroy the jump pad?
Which one are you? We got middle push guy, Bottom middle frame push gal, Bottom frame push guy, and Double-hand hinge-pinch dude. I'm more of a whole-lens-grab boy myself.
Then the rev should drop the backpack for you and down himself to the ring again to get more HP than he was on at the end of the clip.
This is cringe.
#if everyone talked like this all of the time would reddit have to reduce the text size or would everyone just continue to shout?
I don't talk to people because they don't really need to hear from me. I don't make plans with people because they're probably busy or have something better to do. I don't share things with people because they're probably boring to them or they don't care anyway. People aren't interested in the same things I like so why should I need to talk about them? The thing can occupy my time, I don't need to occupy their time with it as well. People don't need me. They can get what I offer from other people. If I am ok with myself, I'll leave the opportunity open to others that need each other. ... All of my negativity is externalised. It isn't an "I'm useless" thing; it's "They don't really care" kind of thing. It isn't about me but about them. It's not like I hate people, quite the opposite, I love them all so much. But I feel that it isn't reciprocated. I love me as well, I can love me more than they can, so what is the point? Surely I am better by myself. I love it when I get to hang out with people, in group settings or when I go and do something with someone. But it's usually so rare. I only really do it when I know the other person wants to do it. I can't fathom how my attendance makes whatever plan actually worthwhile making. Everyone is so much better company to everyone else, I'm just a small addition who joins in sometimes. When I put this into words... It gets weird. Sorry for the ramble. Your post just accidentally prompted me.
Is this not quite a sad look at people? &gt;They are objects I get around to complete my day. Sure you can enjoy things without needing approval from others, as do I. But that doesn't mean you can't enjoy things with others? Do you know the word "Sonder"? *Sonder* *is the realization that everybody around you, even strangers, are living a life just as complex as yours. Sometimes your hurting so bad and you feel your the only one. But after all your hardships you start to realize that everybody is so unique and you aren't the only one. Everybody lives are so* *indescribably* *different and there is no way you will ever understand their lives. To sum it up you are realizing that your not the only one living with such chaos and* *complexity**. All people lives are unique, strange, chaotic, and complex, just like yours. You're not alone.*
I can see where you're going wrong! &gt;Do you know what happens when you care? They take and take and take until you have nothing left to give and then they move on to the next sucker. My dude, I don't know what happened to you, how bad it was or how many times it might have happened. But I am sorry. Here's an option for you though. Take. People have taken from you? What have they taken? How about you try taking too? Give a shit or not, other people have something worth taking? An ear? A shoulder? A trip? A drink or an evening? I don't fucking know what you want to take, I don't know what you've given people and gotten so angry at but how about you try taking what you've given and see what comes of it? Maybe nothing, but so what? If you try taking, maybe you'll want to give something back, and if not, you haven't lost anything. Ya got me rambling again. But you made me sad. There are so many people not worth caring about but so many more that are actually worth the time of day separating from the other group of billions of morons. u/Snoot3976 has more of a way with words than I do. Maybe they can say something more inspiring but man... Don't waste your energy being angry with everyone. They're not worth it.
I don't think it's a bad thing, but it's a lonely thing. It definitely feels lonely sometimes. I think it can be a good thing because you can be strong in what you like for yourself and how to entertain yourself - Then the best step is to bring others into that. With the single very close friend thing, I know what you mean. I've found a few people like it, I think it is difficult, it's finding a strong connection with someone right? Like you have to hit it off when you meet, and then continue to hit it off every time and build a strong friendship/relationship.
Regarding point 3, i am the same. I feel bad for the third person, but if sweaty rage child hops straight on the mic to complain about the drop locations I am done, straight quit. If you don't want a teammate then fine, I'd rather get into a new lobby than play a game someone criticizing my every move.
And a massive group of them all continued to stroll past. It wasn't just the ones that shoved but everyone else who lets him lie there was complicit in what happened.
This is pretty cool lol ~~Do you have an instagram?~~ I just saw it in the corner :D
I almost had that with peeing but I end up just shamelessly peeing i front of everyone and when they ask me about it I just tell them I needed to pee.
Wahey, time to reopen everything and crank those numbers back up, amiright?
Is a grower humiliation pp a brat-pp? "You're so small and pathetic" &gt; "make me"
Don't ask what you're missing, they're your favourites lol I like "so I put my phone down, fall into the night with you" from doom days as well
It doesnt fit your theme of lyrics but Final Hour has always hit me hard. "Would it keep you awake if it all just didn't seem so far away? 'Cause it keeps me awake trying to work this out until my dying day"
Lol amazing. Its definitely fun switching and getting excited on both sides!
~~*her~~ *his name
I dont usually react to much because the internet has numbed me but this one really got me going. Heart in my throat is a very accurate description. Massive sigh of relief when I realized.
I throw mine away as soon as I buy the box. Stupid thick chunk of useless paper straight in the recycling bin where it belongs.
My aversion to pain and damage took me down into Freak. No needles/CBT for me and a cane is scary.
I think the proper thing here would be how your partner would want you to treat it. Some girls might want you to "defend their honor" and start a fight with someone. This is probably a cringey alpha male kind of thing imo. Some girls might be able to handle themselves. Whether it be ignoring it or retorting and putting the guy in their place. Some girls might want to move away and would move away with you/their partner. You could always prove your togetherness by ignoring them, being smooshy/cuddly or something. Start making out to assert yourself or arm around them. - Actually now I write that out, that seems cringe too. I think ignoring them is probably the best. Don't give them the satisfaction of a response they want.
There would likely be many fewer "trans" people, and maybe none in that case - as everyone is the same so there would be no transitioning **from** one **to** another. That would be amazing. No more gender, no more variations in sexuality. If both genders get both organs... what about breasts though!?
Who's the blue guy?
Bullet drop and bullet speed needs some way to be practised. The firing range isn't big enough and they "moving" target at the back is a joke.
Subreddits are echo chambers and certainly get worse and worse over time. Apart from /r/wholesomememes that is a nice place.
NOOOOOOOOOOOO💥OOO💥OOOO💥O💥OOO💥💥OO
I have a theory. Let's say she likes Smooth. She likes Smooth peanut butter so much, she goes so far as to intentionally ignore all mention of crunchy peanut butter. Smooth peanut butter is so vastly superior, that the question "crunchy or smooth?" doesn't even register to her. You even started with the word "crunchy", at that point, you had already lost her and she can't even try and comprehend your message. In her attempt to continue playing the fool, you write out a couple of stories. Messages so long look pretty freaky to anyone not in the know of Die Hard and yet at the end of each story, there is that mystery again. "Crunchy or smooth?" That's not a question. Peanut butter **is smooth**. Crunchy isn't even butter, that's some weird crunchy peanut spread bullshit.
Interesting. I dont know if it the same as "Hypnagogia"?. When I get that it is simply vidid dreams while I am still awake but they're not lucid..
Randoms have taught me wraith is the piece of shit character. I've only ever played her accidentally.
This guy just including the Y word in his post titles...
Hahaha, no it did not age well. What was their next album going to be called? Something like "Everything's going quite alright mate" or something like that. I remember a tweet...
That's the one! Thanks =P
The second one with short hair is reminding me of Wentworth Miller. Captain Cold in the Flash TV series.
I reached plat 4 and I regret it so much D:
Something that worked for me and one of my friends after a long relationship was writing in a journal. You get to have a conversation with yourself and straighten all the thoughts out. The next best thing is let yourself feel it all, cry when you feel like it, get upset or whatever, remember some good times and smile and look forward to any more you might have, then get sad again when they're not going to happen with her. Give it a good review, what went well, what went bad, how you can grow from it, what you learned, why you were happy. It's all about time, just keep going, it'll be ok :) Do you remember the first time you ever fell over and scraped your knee? Do you remember the first time you ever touched something hot and got burned? Do you remember the first time you threw up? - All not very nice things, but you forget about them eventually and they might even happen again and they're still not very nice but you know you'll get over it.
The white line along the egde doesn't help.. whatever the hell that is.
I think my best friend is actually the only one who *hasn't* seen my penis. My other best friends all have because of pyjama-pulling-down or some variation of that.
That's fair but did they forget to wash it off before this photo?
If there was no ignoring the safe word, this is actually within the realms of possibility for kinks out there... But once you ignore the safeword, you break the trust. That's a pretty sick thing imo to break a safeword over as well...
Well to be honest, in the episode "Abstract", it looks into how Jake's look is based on his self-image of himself after getting hit with the lumpening. He goes to see Jermaine and goes back to how we typically see him after some chat. I think even if Jake loses an arm, as long as his self-image is fine, he'll probably just stretch one back like in "Crossover" when Lick-Jake did it. I'm imagining a Jake getting his arm cut off, going AAAAAAAAAAAAA and then going "Oh" and stretching one back out with one of his "Guh huh huh" laughs.
Riot is owned by [Tencent](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tencent). Tencent is a Chinese conglomerate. The [Social Credit System](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_Credit_System) is Chinese. I guess it was only a matter of time before the Social Credit System got applied to some games as well... Maybe this will only be for China players? Maybe it will be worldwide and we will experience the first spreading of the Social Credit System worldwide.
Spoke to a guy recently called "Manmeet" Had a little to my giggle and got on with it because whatever it means in english, it's still his name. What is this bitch-ass snowflake doing as a professor?
Oh holy shit I didn't even think about the (almost) entirely new playerbase!
Naked anime waifu girl getting massive amounts of attention from horny internet users.
Oh for sure. Play that hustle boy.
* Feel Sad you lost someone you love * Feel Happy someone you love found someone ~~better~~ better suited for them * Feel Jealous she has something you don't * Feel Excited in anticipation of finding it again * Feel Shit when you see faults or inadequacies in yourself * Feel Glorious when you take any step to improve yourself It's OK to feel sad/bad/angry/jealous, but don't wallow in it. Make sure you pay attention to yourself instead of only looking at what could/should have been. Try doing things that make you happy/good/enthusiastic/inspired.
Came here to say the same thing lol, that's my kinda shirt.
I'm a dude and I'm quite skinny and I have always been. I have stretch marks too. It is nice that they left them in :)
Ok there is a bunch of confusion in the comments lol You have an interesting question. AfO got this Stockpiling quirk from wherever the fuck he got it from and then passed it on to his assumed powerless brother. OfA was the spawned from the mutation/combination. You propose that if AfO had kept the stockpiling quirk, he would have been able to overcome a singularity kind of scenario and contain the power. He would have been able to handle all of the quirks power under the power of keeping it stockpiled. I don't know what I would think if Shiggy managed to steal OfA and then went straight for 100% and absolutely completely and literally just died from too much power leaving the battle won and Midoriya quirkless.
Bloody good actually mate.
This is the concept in film on netflix &gt;!The Discovery. They find when you die, you travel back to your biggest regret and are given the opportunity to change it. The idea that your experience of living with the regret allows you to live again in some parallel universe where you can make amends for that thing. And then it can happen again and again. You don't necessarily get the perfect life, but you can change all of those "Biggest mistakes you've ever made" and it is a wonderful idea.!&lt;
Scrolling through Reddit and it's Mr PoopyButthole. Idk why he would be after me, seems pretty wholesome to me. He has been seen to kill... So it's probably because I'm trying to kill him.
&gt; Also the extremely manipulative and unethical army / navy recruitment ads targeting young people are disgusting and straight up shouldn’t be allowed imo. Do *you* want to feel a sense of *belonging*? Are you mildly useful/competent when you try to do thing? ARMY JOBS
