I've noticed many players putting themselves in a vulnerable position when in the corners so that the players don't hit them off the puck (lundy wasn't doing that though, he was just changing directions), then you run into a player who doesn't give a fuck and rams you head first into the boards.
Angry gibby
he should call them out in the locker room, best way to handle it. They are a TEAM.
Fowler has played well this year IMO, manson is the one who has been lacking ever since he got his extension. Last year and this year have been abysmal for him.
Of course, not public. They are a team, hold a private meeting among all players and air all dirty laundry, and how they can get better.
Manson has been lackluster since he got his extension
this is literally just how he is lol
there are way more players with more headshot history than Perry. Pretty sure the last time he was suspended was in 2013
This is a terrible take.
did not expect a kings fan to link this. I applaud you.
ellis got 0 for same hit
his last suspension was 6 years ago. Not really a long history with DOPS. Pretty sure he has 2 suspensions ever. Don't know if you should be the one talking about cunts with that caps flair.
He was bad last year as well. But yeah knee injuries are hard, they linger forever
yes
where was the hearing for the Ellis Hit against the rangers?
first in 6 years
perry has 2 suspensions in 10 years. Last one in 2013.
hopefully the rebuild (not a full rebuild so shouldn't take super long, unless none of our prospects pan out) is done in 2 or 3 years lol
would call that a duo, not a trio. Manson shouldn't be on the first pairing. We don't have a legit 1st paring RHD
final grades are not updated on titanium, they are updated on the portal. Student Center --&gt; Other Academic --&gt; Grades --&gt; Change Term --&gt; Fall 2019 --&gt; Continue
Some professors don't submit until the actual deadline at ~~midnight~~ noon. If I recall correctly they are input by someone other than the professor that works for the school and they input it on the next work day, so Monday. Last semester I don't think I saw all my grades until like 5 days after the due date because there was a holiday on the Monday. edit: just looked it up and grades are due at noon, so idk.
can't believe people fell for this lol
Student Center --&gt; Other Academic --&gt; Grades --&gt; Change Term --&gt; Fall 2019 --&gt; Continue
you change the res on the game not on whatever you are trying to do. Just go on youtube and see how to do it buddy, there are thousands of videos on it.
you stretch it in your graphics card setting panel thing just youtube "csgo stretched with amd" it's not that hard https://youtu.be/WrnI3SsQcTs it's not in english but you can still see the selections
there is no hope for you
cl_crosshaircolor_b cl_crosshaircolor_g cl_crosshaircolor_r all the numbers that come after those commands make it negative by adding a -
there are a lot of people who have 3k hours get angry and download cheats
go to portal Student Center --&gt; Other Academic --&gt; Grades --&gt; Change Term --&gt; Fall 2019 --&gt; Continue
no you shouldn't be worried. Lots of professors are just slow, happens every semester.
I had green so all 50 and making them negative made it still green so yeah you probably need a certain color
Gubrandson just gets a lot of misconducts for standing up for his teammates. But when other players do the same thing they don't get 10+ min. Dirty hit on teammate and goes to fight the guy who did it. Then there was the spitting incident. Deslauriers has the most fights in the league, he just fights. He doesn't jump players or anything they are usually pre-meditated fights. 8 fights this year. Like old NHL hockey. Ritchie is just Ritchie being dumb.
she literally says "I've been pronouncing his name wrong" how do you get "then tells chat this is how you pronounce it correctly" out of that lol
cheapest on market is 66 USD
He hit 2 homers in AAA but the game was rained out and canceled. He was great after his slow start in AAA His last 15 games he had avg/obp/ops .314/.351/.794 and that does not include his game where he was 2 for 2 with 2 homeruns that was canceled and stats removed.
Look at the amount of complaining and bitching about being ass during a retool. Imagine the amount of this during a FULL rebuild.
to me it looks like he's just going to do a body check but Provorov moves left to avoid contact which causes his head to be the main point of contact
Yeah I agree with that. I'm just saying I don't think MacDermid's intention was to take this guys head off. I think he was just trying to lay a big legal body check in the neutral zone.
I agree, i'm not saying he should not be suspended, just saying I don't think his intentions were malicious
it's Cogs night now
Perry did not have repeat offender status. His last suspension was 2013. "he is a repeat offender if he is suspended again within eighteen (18) months of the first incident. If he does not have another suspension within eighteen (18) months of the first incident, his next suspension will be treated as a "first" offense."
this is his 3rd suspension ever. 1st in 6-7 years
what a saint, he did this so Cogs could get his own night. Then he can get his own night in April.
the site is the same size
teams gotta start from somewhere.
They complain that we don't have elite talent. Well no shit, how do these people think teams get young elite talent lol
If we win lottery then Lafreniere
4 goals in last 16 games, he's a bust. Trade him. edit: dag nabbit i muster u'ved struckered an nerved wi'th sum peoples.
that is true. edit: why did turkey delete his comment
you were speaking the truth tho
news flash, nobody cares about your thoughts.
fixered it's, isth tat beter
and if you call them the queens you get called homophobic
Samuelis bought all that
The mods are active on reddit just not this sub, what a joke
I would go crazy with power. I decline sir ducksworth.
Fuck the preds
Tru
Way easier. I've never had to show up to campus.
Hope u know that post was incorrect
that's when you are a spectator...
that translation is awful.
eaves was just watching
I would say tied for 5th not 10th. 5 players tied at 9 points. 2 tied at 10, 1 at 11, 1 at 12, 1 at 13
He is not playing this year, just chilling. His career is over
white sox had a great off-season they will be dangerous
&gt;My issue with this is, i am not sure if i am doing too much as i do not want to be rushed as i have been told to spend about 5 days in Berlin. it depends on what you want to do. I went to Berlin for 3 days and saw everything I wanted to see. Not everyone likes going to museums. Obviously I would love to go back again and see more, but I saw the main things I wanted to see in that short span.
HELMET NACHOS
taste is subjective. just because you don't like something doesn't mean it's trash
because there are only 26 roster spots
did you have a stroke?
terry's injury was 10 weeks and he is going to come back after 3, jesus.
Bone below kneecap
why is this even a question. It takes 28 days for your rank to expire, if you play once every 20 days of course your rank won't expire. What is hard to understand about that 20 &lt; 28.
don't dodge.
made the right call.
why do people still play valve mm. Just join ffa servers on community browser
https://www.nhl.com/news/columbus-blue-jackets-anaheim-ducks-coachs-challenge/c-313659726?tid=277729160
I literally youtubed "niko vs sk" and the 3rd clip in results was the clip you are looking for. Don't act like you tried to search for the video when you did not.
thank god.
he thought it was stew or niko. He gave 2 names. Google both of them. HE LITERALLY PROVIDED THE NAME AND AGAINST WHAT TEAM. Hmmm I think it could of been stew and I think it was possibly against SK or MIBR, yea let me google that, oh it wasn't him. Maybe it was niko. Hmmm I think it could of been niko and I think it was possibly against SK or MIBR, yea let me google that, oh shit there it is
if you youtube "niko vs mibr" it's literally the first 3 results
if you youtube "niko vs mibr" instead of "niko vs SK" the first 3 results are the clutch. It does not matter.
this feature was not removed.
ok
The ASG wastes like 4 days for players. Fly in one day, skills one day, game one day, fly out next. Also having to do tons of media all day can be pretty exhausting. Or he can chill in his mansion on the beach and rest his legs
Didn't the article say "in the coming years" which does not mean next year
https://youtu.be/L9TfVWxa9-s This because oilers fans are still butthurt
Gotcha
Of course
Played thousands of csgo games and this has never happened. Dont act like this is a common issue.
"hits an ace" why does this sound like some fortnite kid made the title.
you don't "hit an ace" you "get an ace" autistic fuck.
you don't "hit an ace" you "get an ace" retarded fuck
I guess it's something fortnite kids like you say. "wow i just hit this epic 90, i'm finna catch this dub real quik"
r/whoosh
please
who are you? oh you're a weeb who plays osu and overwatch, neck
yeah he lives in AZ
woah settle down that's a permaban
i'm having fun. You guys are getting triggered. Seems like I hit a soft spot with you
damn i hurt your feelings fortnite kiddie
they turn their digital vibrance up
it's just preference, you can make your game black and white if you want. Some players want more color. It gives no advantage.
What? Are you ok? Need someone to talk to?
141 era+ and a 3.83 fip dont suggest he is "barely average"
why am I being downvoted lol. I was just saying it would have been a 1-0 game at the time. I'm not saying the ducks would of won or anything, Bishop was crazy tonight. Even if it is a bullshit penalty it is still on the Ducks to kill off the penalty and they didn't. I'm not blaming the refs or anything. Not sure why you're acting all sassy lol
Where did I say the Ducks would of scored...I'm waiting. Stars fans are getting so offended by me saying it would of been a 1 goal game at the time jesus fucking christ. You are acting like I'm blaming the game on the refs or saying the ducks would of immediately scored if it wasn't for that penalty, fuck off bud.
it would of been easier to swallow if Terry had stepped up to the role he was expected to fill this year and he simply hasn't. If Terry had like 20 points right now people would be more okay with the move, but right now our right side is simply doing nothing (except for silf)
My point with my comment was just to say the penalty happened in a 1-0 game, then to point out that the 3rd goal was an empty netter, that's it, and you turned it into a completely different direction by implying that I think the Stars shouldn't have won and stuff like that. The stars deserved the win they played better and Bishop was lights out.
watch your demos, watch other pro match demos, go in offline servers and learn nades for your support role (flashes, smokes, etc.) and lastly just be a good teammate. Listen to others, provide constructive feedback, and show up on time to scrims and matches on time. Nobody likes a lazy teammate
you're still on this buddy. I struck a nerve with you didn't I.
at least I can provide you some entertainment
LOTTERY TIME
for the first time in vegas golden knights history?
3.83 fip is above average. 4.00 is average.
every time the fans yell at someone to shoot, they don't score
bullpen is not the rotation. Cam just has to be consistent, he will have streaks of being lights out then there will be streaks where he cannot get anyone out. The hatred for cam is blown out of the water.
he is out with an upper body injury. Missed a big chunk of the game on tuesday. I think he was elbowed in the face.
the majority of the player base will never have to deal with someone making that jump.
:(
I would assume so, then call him back up after all star break. He can play 8 games with the gulls compared to 4 with the ducks. Gulls have 8 games until the 27th, the ducks have 4
getting 8 games of work with the Gulls could really help Terry. Call up terry after the all star break and 5 day break.
the coaches that are getting fired in the NHL are teams that are supposed to be contending but are not right now. They are coaches that could not take their team over the hump to the finals after years and years. Preds were supposed to be a cup favorite after they made the final and lost to the Pens but haven't gotten over the hump, same goes with the Sharks. NJ was supposed to be good on paper this year but Hynes stayed way too long for that team. Dallas did not change coaches due to performance. Do you notice that none of the bottom cellar teams (except NJ) are changing their coaches. Despite how bad Detroit is doing I haven't seen a single rumor suggesting he would be fired. There is no point in firing our first year coach because we are right where everyone expected us to be. Usually coaches are fired for being below where they were expected to be, not right where they were expected to be.
your rank the next season is always going to be pretty much 1 tier below. You got gold 3 in preseason and got silver 3 in season 10, that makes sense. If you keep winning your games after your placements you'll start skipping ranks and skipping promos. Climbing is super easy after being ranked, getting +30 -6 you might be at silver 3 90lp then win a game and skip promos right to silver 1. I was d3 in season 8 and got placed p4 in season 9 and after a few days I was already d3 again by skipping divisions
yep, that's mm for you
it's crazy that a lot of people want to give up on Upton after having ONE bad injured season
He has still produced though. He may struggle with RISP but he is still an elite bat to have in the lineup. Miles better than calhoun who everyone wanted to keep
no. no he doesn't.
fuck that thumb looking Kassian, goon. Dude has no talent
not hard when you're playing with McDavid. You could have 30 points if you were on a line with McDavid.
there is 0 chance the wings pass lol
We have the money why not do it. We don't have anyone getting any noticeable raises until after the 2020-2021 season and that will be when the Getzy contract goes off the books as well. I think this team just needs to gear up for a run starting when Seattle joins the league. Go all in after the expansion draft.
not really, Ducks know how to develop talent unlike the Oilers.
I think the max length of a bad deal we take is someone who has 2 more seasons. Gear up for after the expansion draft
when I had the crouch problem I would just join a FFA server and unbind crouch and just dm.
it depends. When I was griding CS I would do like 100 ak/m4 and like 50 pistol in FFA. Now I just do aim_botz until i feel okay and maybe do some DM
school massacres usually do have security camera footage but they are not going to release the footage...of children getting murdered. ~~I don't remember anything saying he returned to the campus after the stabbing, could you please link a source for that because I don't think that is right.~~ edit: thanks for source
thanks
whenever i get killed by a deag this is the enemy's pov.
can you tell me where my team is? I can't find them
I feel like him waving like that is a part of the plan to hopefully draw some coverage over to him on that play.
What i meant by elite bat was that he used to be an elite bat and if he bounces back he still has the chance to become one again
wow, he had a homerun spike in a season where everyone and their mother has a power spike. How about his extreme inconsistency at the plate? Avg/obp/ops March/April: .194/.281/.716 May: .299/.394/.946 June: .191/.276/.670 July: .272/.343/.919 August: .256/.366/.831 Sept/Oct: .188/.296/.684 he would go from a great bat which was hard to get out, to being the easiest player to get out on the team. If he ever fixed that problem then it would of been harder to let him go. When you have a prospect with elite potential waiting right behind him, it makes it harder to keep Kole.
check out http://www.tankathon.com/nhl you can sim the lottery and stuff and on the right it shows the odds of getting the #1 pick from all positions eligible. You can be 15th worst in the league and you still have a 1% chance to get #1 overall.
Last year the top 3 of the draft were 1. NJ who was the 3rd worst team in the league in 2019 2. NYR who was the 6th worst team in the league in 2019 3. CHI who was the 13th worst team in the league in 2019
oilers fans are pretty delusional to begin with, so he's just fitting in.
I think you need to research who the Indians got for Kluber. We don't have anyone in our system who is as good as Emmanuel Clase. Indians wanted an elite potential reliever and a 4th outfielder, which we couldn't give.
his career is over, contract is done at the end of the season. He has no intention of ever playing again.
all the rookies on the team are fucking 24+ overall and higher. Comtois: 2nd round, 50th overall Terry: 5th round, 148th overall Jones: 1st round, 24th overall Steel: 1st round, 30th overall the further in the draft you get, the more development you're going to need. These players are getting a headstart by being able to develop in the NHL instead of the minors like other prospects from their same draft classes. Look at Rakell, he was picked 30th overall and through his first 93 NHL games he had 9 goals. His next 220 games he had 87 goals. Players take time to develop.
that's not even true. Last semester lots A and G have lots of spots open until 10am.
arrive at 9-9:30am and park in lot A or G and you'll be fine. Had classes at 10am all last semester and never had to search for a spot when I arrived at 9-9:30am. Just do 9am at the beginning of the semester and the more the semester goes on you can arrive later and later.
nobody uses it because it fails pretty often if you don't hit it perfectly. Just like how u can flash over B from outside the doors by throwing it off the ground between window and door.
why did u post this
how many games did you play and what was your win loss
it's 1 placement match, you get like 70LP for every win during your placements and you don't do promos during placements.
run it back = do it again
tickets on stubhub are way cheaper when the game is like 1 week away. Right now not everyone has their tickets posted on stubhub and they are going to put the price the highest they can. The sellers get more desperate as the date gets closer.
I hope all other organizations don't pick them up next season or any following seasons. Make this suspension a lifetime ban themselves pretty much.
Lindholm, Gibby, Fowler, Getzlaf, Silf, and any of the young kids
of course
12 feet wide??? wtf that's huge
yeah how is there no Rendon bobblehead.
minor league teams need to get butts in seats. Having cool giveaways will get people to the game.
I agree. As much as I love Trout and Ohtani, I don't need 50 bobbleheads of them only. I'd love some others. I have old angel bobbleheads like Napoli, Morales, Weaver, Santana, Saunders, Hunter. There was much more parity back then. Now it's just Trout, Ohtani, and a Pujols. Well and Scioscia
offseason isn't over
they already hired a manager. Promoted their bench coach Espada
the more we lose, the more i get excited to hopefully getting an elite player in the draft.
you can park in lots A and G. The parking structures are not the only spot to park on campus.
wtf matthews only has 2 hat tricks? I thought it would have been more since his first was on his NHL debut. Interesting
anytime you add someone who worked for Driveline or peak performance you know it's a good hire.
not going to happen. Why would valve not allow agent skins when they literally put them in the game.
no lol. Valve just made faceit unban the skins
No
don't judge pitchers by only their ERA, try and learn some other stats.
the professors have to make their course on titanium public.
once you get the physical permit you can place it in any car you want
are you ok?
not the lefty part, it's that this person is playing with a custom viewmodel where it is almost straight in front of the player.
I think it's a problem when you have the temporary permit because it has the car on the paper, but once you get the plastic one I think you are fine.
the full breakdown is 18.5% (31st) 13.5% (30th) 11.5% (29th) 9.5% (28th) 8.5% (27th) 7.5% (26th) 6.5% (25th) 6.0% (24th) 5.0% (23rd) 3.5% (22nd) 3.0% (21st) 2.5% (20th) 2.0% (19th) 1.5% (18th) 1.0% (17th)
we will take a bad contract off your hands for a price. We have been rumored of doing this
well no shit the players are going to argue it. It can cost their team if the next guy gets thrown out they get a penalty.
or approximately the height of one cheater who plays in texas.
ok it's either you wait on the thread for a few seconds or wait for the video to upload for a few seconds. God, people complain bout everything. GIVE ME MY VIDEO NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just wait a second lol. You should know a lot about waiting, you've been waiting 40 years for the Oilers to be good again.
lol. Falling for some random guy on instagram
i bet they would send him to the 66ers, most players go to rehab assignments there, not SLC.
he is still good on defense. Paying him league minimum, why the fuck not. Rosters are 26 players in size now instead of 25 so it allows you to have someone who you put in for defense late in the game. edit: https://twitter.com/FabianArdaya/status/1218303564717555712 fabian said they havent had talks
why are you posting this...
he is better on defense than La Stella. You can afford to have a player like him to play a specific role on the team (defense) now because of the increased roster size. There are 30 extra jobs in the MLB this season. He wouldn't be playing 3B this year.
because if he was claimed off waivers they would be paying him fucking 12 million if they claimed him off waivers. How does that not make sense to you lol
I was 1-2 years old when mo vaughn played for the Angels, why would he be bad to have, his stats look good.
steel's celebration is just putting his hands up. Last year when he had a hat trick all 3 of his celebrations were just putting his hands up in the air lol https://youtu.be/tp93_C7ULAI
the guy won't have proof, nobody knows except valve
every team gets 1 all star so they will get at least one. Plus the Astros fan base is huge and their pure numbers will get more into the all star game.
he didn't play a single playoff game when the Bruins won a cup and his regular season stats that season were not too great except for sv%.
Yes, next game against the Sharks on the 27th
https://youtu.be/LMQ_K2W4AvE
but i was told the pacific was super weak this year...
piece*
That's not a goat
waste of money to get a case
I might be getting bold here, but how about we put Ohtani on the mound.
there is a difference between a 29 year old that had been in the majors and had been in the minors for 9 seasons and comparing that to a top prospect that was only 20 years old
that guy probably thinks he is very intelligent and that he knows a lot about baseball. Dude thinks spin rate causes tommy john
you're not doing it right
what are they supposed to do? Go to his house and demand a picture?
I'm wondering this as well. Usually if there is a monday holiday then Physics does not have a lab but on [this](https://physics.fullerton.edu/department/lab-schedules/23-department/labschedule/642327-227-lab-spring-2020) it shows there is a lab. Then for another one of my classes EGEE 203L I have on thursday but there are sections that are on monday, so are they just left behind? I assume we still have labs because they need to know who to drop and stuff.
when has eppler traded a top prospect for a shitty over the hill pitcher
i mean has he had a shitty trade yet? One where it benefited the other team more. Maybe the Stratton trade for cash to the pirates after he was awful with us.
these are the posts that make me hate reddit because it gives voices to people that think like this.
oh you work for the Tigers front office?
[you are the epitome of cringe](https://gyazo.com/1fd276bc7fcf6aca1564ce90e95618a8)
scribbling some words on a piece of paper doesn't make you an author, you and your mom are the only purchases.
Icydata ?
You like thompson but had a bitch fit yesterday about teheran and bundy
90 would be a good stepping stone
Our realistic options in the rotation Heaney Ohtani Teheran Bundy Canning Andriese Sandoval Peters Barria Pena I think only 6 of those should be up this year pitching but those are the options. Suarez needs more time edit: forgot pena
fuck I knew I was missing someone. Hopefully Pena heals in time.
Don't think so
O god
get FasTrak if you're taking the 91 lol
I know you're joking but they did have an average of 18.3k per game in attendance that year and came off of almost 3 consecutive seasons of 20k attendance per game
amusement park games like these buy them for like 10 cents.
are you talking about max attendance of 17k at the United Center? Because that's not even close to true. Anyways, [source](http://www.hockeydb.com/nhl-attendance/att_graph.php?tmi=5218) edit: another source here, the United Center is huge and always has an attendance above 100% capacity, (standing room) [source](http://www.espn.com/nhl/attendance)
this guy came out of nowhere and started spamming the sub with his takes. Going into his post history it seems like he loved to spam the MLBtheshow subreddit and now he does this subreddit. This guy has posted roughly 127 times in a month during the off-season, that's impressive. during the off-season...
soon
which makes sense since he was in charge of the yankee's farm for like 15 years.
prospects in the MLB usually take 3-5 years until they make it to the majors
little late my guy
the first astro to apologize, at least he isn't a coward like altuve, bregman, verlander. Probably easier for a pitcher to apologize since it doesn't affect them directly, besides having extra run support from it.
i give you 10 dollar
ban turkey
it's a reveal show on mlb network, list will be up afterwards
it's almost like different countries have different cultures and history, strange
well it seems you are confused in your comment about a different culture
you don't see anything here about it because it doesn't exist lol
only people on Tv can see them. In person it's normal ads you see at any rink
well yeah, I assume they only have the technology on one camera, the broadcast one.
oh god, opening night is going to be something else lol
same. This season is going to be crazy interesting. So many storylines, and we will see if any astros players get hit by pitch a lot lol
for someone to revitalize their career it's probably the best place you can go. Getting top line minutes is very important. He's getting almost 4 more minutes more of ATOI than last season.
fuck it, why not. Puljujärvi is doing pretty good in Finland right now, 7th in scoring, everyone above him is older
except if anyone on A or B had a single brain cell they would see the path of the nade.
gubrandson has been good for us, he's basically having a career year
BOO THIS MAN!
https://twitter.com/WPLGLocal10/status/1221531515961708544 edit: https://twitter.com/TMZ/status/1221533868433592320
https://twitter.com/WPLGLocal10/status/1221531515961708544 edit: https://twitter.com/TMZ/status/1221533868433592320
https://twitter.com/WPLGLocal10/status/1221531515961708544 edit: https://twitter.com/TMZ/status/1221533868433592320
https://twitter.com/WPLGLocal10/status/1221531515961708544 edit: https://twitter.com/TMZ/status/1221533868433592320
https://twitter.com/WPLGLocal10/status/1221531515961708544 edit: https://twitter.com/TMZ/status/1221533868433592320
talking about other teams and their problems like they know anything about them. Most people here only watch their own teams games but think they know everything about the league.
people that take a picture of their monitor instead of screenshotting are truly another species.
why do you just spam subs with videos that have nothing to do with the sub.
last year it was april, they did it super early for some reason.
i mean manson has fell of a cliff and if we can get away from his contract then it will be a good move.
and people wonder why jungle mains are so toxic, it's because of laners like that malz
He was bad last year as well
that coloring seems a bit off edit: yeah pretty sure it's a fake, like 99% sure
I buy tickets like 3-7 days before the game, sometimes even the day before
well vatanen is a free agent after this season so...
vatanen isn't on the devils by the time of the expansion draft buddy. He's a UFA
we lost shea theodore for vatanen, who turned into henrique.
Philly only has that much because it includes their travel to Europe this season
no, i'm just saying it's not like this for them every season.
oof, not a good look for McDavid, especially where there is a picture of him signing another kids jersey
what is upper deck gonna do? Release the best player in the NHL from their card contract? He is the best player in the game he has the ability to be like nah I'm gonna sign this. Tons of players over the years have done this at signings. 1 Item only? player: "It's okay you have multiple items I will sign it." you act like he was being held hostage by upper deck and that if he signed the kids jersey he was going to be executed on the spot
you're shit outta luck, bring your jersey, never hurts to ask. It's a kid for gods sake
no. Athletes do this all the time. If I'm going to a players signing and it says cards only I'm still going to wear my jersey and show support.
players ignore that all the fucking time. You would think the captain of the Oilers and the best player in the game would do the same.
what is upper deck gonna do? They are not going to drop the best player in the NHL from their card contract because he signed some kids jersey lol
&gt;I’m confused as to why the kid already has the jersey rolled up like that. probably had it rolled up waiting in line so he could place it on the table to sign then the rep saw it and said no.
looks like all the reps survived when other players do this all the time.
ok? 0 difference in time it takes to sign a card and to sign a jersey, especially when the kid had it in his hand to place on the table quickly
if you're the type of person who complains to a rep because he signs a jersey instead of a card then you have major issues.
you just say "this was his decision and there is nothing we can do" not hard
MODS ARE BACK!
would anyone like one Josh Manson?
This video is no longer available because the uploader has closed their YouTube account.
Should probably include that dh gate jerseys are knockoffs
just go look at the barracuda attendance numbers.
Nobody was hating on you, people were informing you that it was fake, if you didn't know
I mean you can get customized authentic jerseys on coolhockey for like $180 when on sale. Makes no sense to spend 50-60 bucks on a fake and support something that takes advantage of uninformed people. If you can't afford a jersey then either don't get one or just save up your money. This guy has multiple fakes I believe (read that from another comment, so not sure if true) and he could of used the combined cost on those to get a real authentic.
Real Jersey &gt; no jersey &gt; fake jersey (don't support scammers).
it's the same guy posting again and again
bro, not to hate on you but nobody wants to keep seeing your fake jerseys that you are getting. It's just sad to see.
[maybe](https://bringmethenews.com/.image/t_share/MTU4NDE4OTcwNzk2MzY5ODU1/screen-shot-2018-09-13-at-72245-am.png)
tkachuk was fuckin with him already on that faceoff, i love it
I couldn't find it on center ice on directv, but I can get it on the nhl app.
yea because tkachuk definitely controls who plays on his line, he's writing the lineup every night of course.
it's a coach being smart and protecting one of his best players just in case something happens.
pretty sure the ticket they give you waves them of all responsibility. Basically saying if anything happens it's not their problem. I'm not 100% though, read your little ticket thing, I haven't done it this year so I don't know.
bruh, Lucic was on McDavid's line when he was an Oiler for the same fucking reason lol. So is Gretzky a pussy for having Dave Semenko on his line?
they probably left it there so the next person doesn't have to pay. People do it all the time and post it on this sub.
no
you obviously didn't read my comment. I was talking about the dude who made this post. He has bought multiple knockoffs for the same price he could of bought an authentic. &gt;LOL because $180 is affordable for everyone. never said it was, I was talking about the specific case with this guy to each their own, I personally wouldn't buy something from a website that preys on uninformed people thinking they are snagging a deal. Personally I don't like supporting scammers and scum, that's just my opinion, maybe you want those scammers to keep running their business and taking advantage of others, up to you.
true. I don't have the ticket thing to read but I thought it said they were not liable, I'm not sure how much that holds in court or anything. But yeah I have seen the valet drivers ram into cars in front of them before.
THE TWO GUYS WE EXPECTED TO FIGHT KASSIAN AND...wait... RNH and Monahan...that doesn't seem right...
AHAHAH RINALDO: "IM NEXT"
staged fights are the best fights though...it's a mutual fight.
don't hurt him. He's used to losing.
I mean if you want to claim victory in January and not wait until April/May go ahead. Just don't go look at your teams last 10+ years.
it's ok he thinks Drai and McDavid can carry to the cup. On the back of Mike Smith ahahahhahaa.
Check recent history. When was ur last playoff appearance? We will start there, starting small. When was your last division title win? Lol 1987. You haven't even won a division since the ducks came into the league in 1993
Trouty needs to come to this. He has been at games years ago but not for a few years. I remember seeing a bunch of them come to a sunday night game after they played in the afternoon that day.
Mark KNEEordano nothing new. Koivu in 2018, Fowler in 2017. McDavid in 2019, McDavid tonight. Also Aho in 2018
Suspended 2 games for it. Also knee'd cam fowler the year before that
Your screenshot shows his butt not even touching him lol
life is weird and magical. Reminds me of last year when Mike Trout hit his first homerun at home since the passing of Tyler Skaggs and it went 454 feet, #45 was Skaggs' number. All of the Angels were wearing #45 that night and the Angels proceeded to throw a no hitter. Life is special.
wasted getzlaf? We won a cup with him. Gibson is still very young and better than either of your shit goalies.
why are you commenting in a thread that is 4 months old and has 0 upvotes.
why are you commenting in a thread that is 4 months old and has 0 upvotes.
kassian puts this grudge behind him quicker than oilers fans. And he was the one who actually got hit and suspended, not the fans.
well you're also not allowed to use your board on campus in the pedestrian areas but I don't see you listening to that rule lol. https://directive16.fullerton.edu/FAQ.php "Skateboards may not be ridden anywhere on campus, including parking structures and residence hall walk ways, except for instructional purposes and/or during University sanctioned events."
I don't think that is true
Yeah the fan interaction and intermission games vary by every night, sometimes there are a lot, sometimes not.
Idk his hardware is crazy. He is like 1 of 2 players to have those gold medals and a cup
When we got swept by San Jose
Yeah I knew it was Scotty I just forgot to put it in there. It depends how the voters look at him. He was dominant for a span of a few years. As a ducks fan who loves Corey I want to say he gets in, but when I try to be unbiased I can see why people would think he shouldn't get in (recency bias and the hatred r/hockey has for him).
communication buildings?
people go to campus to just meet with their counselor or meet with a professor during office hours, or other things. idk
shroud would be like 28-29 but I feel like he'll stream forever. He's a guy that just games all day and that's it. Ninja would already be in his 30's
also for those Ducks fans that don't follow the Angels or baseball, 3 of those guys (Griffin Canning, David Fletcher, Patrick Sandoval) are all from the Orange County Area.
yeah, that's what i'm talking about. They were both missing the knife attempts
him speaking there got me hyped, and I'm not even a player, god damn. OPENING DAY COME FASTER
put up the banner
the wuhan virus is less dangerous than a flu
why would that void your warranty lol.
just do a little research. The could quarantine a whole city because of too much anal sex, means nothing. Remember when we were going to die of Ebola, yeah good times.
after uninstalling check if there is still a csgo folder in your steam files. If there is then delete it.
it's fucking china. &gt;The government restricting the freedom of movement of 60 million of its citizens mean nothing the point whooshed way over your little head.
Yeah it is something server side. I never said it was not. This guy was trying to say it was anti aim lol
he was using different pitches and throwing up in the zone more. Plus he was on the salt lake shuttle like every week. Being called up and sent down every 2 weeks can't help your confidence.
you're reporting someone for abusive text chat, you're soft lol. They triggered you that much that you had to report him 3 times in a short span and you posted it on reddit. Yikes dawg
you're the one spreading fake news thinking this is going to destroy humanity. I guess you're scared of a runny nose and a cough.
mouth breather
you should probably go talk to the professor
how is he just lucky lol. You can't be lucky for a whole season. He had a babip of .272 that is not bad at all. I guess degrom and kershaw are just lucky pitchers because their babip is near Barria's.
there are tons of players that outperform their FIP. Doug White fucked him, and other things like pitching up in the zone more, using different pitches, being told he made the opening day roster only to be told he's being sent down, recalled and sent down every other week, having an opener pitch in front of him, etc.
well using your logic he underperformed his fip this year. I think you need to learn about FIP before you keep using it as your end all stat and ignore other factors. I know nothing will change your mind, you're cshenton, so..yea.
hayes is a gem
So because someone has different views it means they are uneducated? Okay bud
if he goes slow they will just get in front of him
yeah there are a lot more stutters and freezes in this patch in the menus.
CR/NC on the C+ and C. Keep B and A.
I don't know. If the class requires at least a C in order to be a passing I would just take the letter grade to be safe. Someone else may be able to answer the question better.
it still works...nvidia shadowplay
just wait 10 minutes
then don't play it
&gt;I hate pvp why are you playing a pvp game
I mean what do you want them to do. There are cheaters in every game, there will always be cheaters in games. How about use some of that brain power and not go to the map that has the most cheaters? Doesn't take a rocket scientist to understand this.
They do this every season after spring training... 30 cut last season, no point keeping bubble guys if there is no minors season
these guys were going to be released anyways...if it's just $400 why don't the angels just pay every person in the world? They are doing what they normally do, release players that wouldn't make the teams.
cheating is not an easy solvable problem. Let me hear your solution einstein?
did i say it was
&gt;Welp mobile verification is one that’s worked amazingly both as a stop for cheaters to remake accounts except cheaters can get different phone numbers quite easily. &gt;Also encrypting server files is good for safety as well as eliminating any Radar Hack nice recode the entire game. Nikita has already said it would be a huge task and cause the game to run even worse. &gt;Next we can ban players for purchasing money as well as filing lawsuits on RMT sites, demotivating most hackers. on what grounds do they have for it, they are trading items for money that's not really illegal, unless they are cheating I guess. Doubt anyone would take the case. &gt;Continue with battle eye as well as expiring a secondary anti-cheat. there will always be cheats on any game, you can never fully eliminate cheaters.
were you only queuing for office?
There is your reason
Because you made an idiotic comment
All politicians do exactly what you listed lmfao
love mods breaking their own rules of the sub lol
People triggered over a reddit post title lol...
No
I got that the other day, marked and keycard on my toz scav
Don't care
Ctrl click
Use scav runs, free money
да?
people think that the whole team gets the money if you plant the bomb, but it's only if the bomb explodes that the whole team gets more money. &gt;I bet its the same ones that say wait til after they plant to kill the last CT always happened in ESEA because of the precious RWS.
yes, but I'm talking about winning the round.
&gt;He makes money off of minorities you realize he's a minority himself right? How does having an advertising company mean making money off of minorities.
who cares
jesus christ. Guess what, every single company in history has made money off of minorities. AKA purchasing their products
It will probably happen
well I just simmed the lottery on tankathon and the ducks got [1st](https://gyazo.com/754306902f57693ecc0777a274812508)
and what is aberg up to? Oh yeah...We got our use out of Aberg and traded him out
Don't think I've seen an angry panthers fan in a GDT.
Grade forgiveness is when you fail a class and you retake it. If you pass it again then that grade replaces the failed grade. You don't just replace any grade with a different class grade.
this isn't new
I just remember seeing this boost in a video years ago
Only 5 rounds this year because of covid19
People keep saying he is cheap but he literally pushes for huge free agent signings and we constantly have a top 10 payroll. Lots of these fans should try being a rays or A's fan lol.
there will be baseball. Manfred can mandate a season around 50 games regardless of an agreement with the MLBPA. The MLBPA is just telling manfred they are tired of negotiating and to just mandate the 50 game season.
&gt;made fun of a disabled person but he didn't lol
nah, he did that motion multiple times prior to people that were not disabled, it's just his way of mocking dumb reporters. https://youtu.be/CsaB3ynIZH4?t=44 here he is talking about Ted Cruz. https://youtu.be/CsaB3ynIZH4 here he is talking about the banks. dumb dipshit moron.
wish they would fix the silenced bullets bug.
it's a bug that doesn't let you hear gunshots, it's super annoying. So many stupid bugs in this game, like invisible teammates and stuff.
it's not an apartment, it's his house. It was his mom's house now it's his.
this is on faceit, not valve mm. The dude got banned from faceit for being toxic. But yes valve did add the profanity stuff recently but that is unrelated to this clip.
I mean there is a difference between trashing a place that is not yours vs something that is yours.
but tyler1 does not live in an apartment...
do you understand what an apartment is? It's a place you rent from a landlord, it isn't yours.
have you ever seen where he lives? It's a single standalone building with one unit. Just give up and admit that you did not know what an apartment was. We get it, everyone becomes a Pepega at some point.
lol
you guys are so fucking dumb. I get people own apartments, not a lot. But it's obvious you have never seen what tyler lives in and he has explained it. Just shut up you don't know what you're talking about lol He lives in a city with a population of around 500 and lives in a house that looks like what you would see at a mobile home park. Watch his outside streams at least once
you guys are so fucking dumb. I get people own apartments, not a lot. But it's obvious you have never seen what tyler lives in and he has explained it. Just shut up you don't know what you're talking about lol He lives in a city with a population of around 500 and lives in a house that looks like what you would see at a mobile home park. Watch his outside streams at least once
nowhere did I say that you couldn't buy apartments. I was just saying he doesn't live in an apartment lmfao
yes but the commenter thought the person got banned on valve mm for being toxic.
he just spent 350 million on the stadium and a shit ton of money on Rendon. The Angels are not broke.
People that say Arte is cheap are just flat out wrong. Top 10 payroll in the MLB for the last 10 years or so. There is nothing wrong with not paying workers who are not working. It doesn't make sense for a business. Arte is far from cheap when it comes to his team when compared to other owners.
ULTRA medical storage key, and yes the power needs to be on.
Angel stadium I think
495lbs god damn
it would be a good tactic. Can't get reported if nobody knows your name.
Because those items are not found in raid...loot you get off someone you kill wbo brought in that loot is not found in raid
Whenever there is a russian holiday
Love getting killed when I am already in cover, such trash servers this wipe
Bitcoin doesn't really matter, sells to therapist for full value pretty much
Disney didn't spend money on the team lol. Same with the ducks. They just used the teams as advertising
&gt;fruit for thought Pepega Clap
Would be fucking awful
It's really easy to stand with a broken ankle. I had a broken ankle, 12 weeks non weight bearing and you could stand easily without putting weight on it
yeah but vaping when you are not addicted to cigs is dumb. Should just be used for getting off of cigs, not just for fun.
you play overwatch...least skilled competitive game there is.
what is the actual point in implementing this now, and not later after the wipe.
they do
it's just a stupid thing to do mid wipe. Just do it either at the beginning or the end of the wipe. Quest rewards shouldn't be different for people based on when they completed the quest. Don't change quests mid wipe.
it's obvious they didn't think through a lot of the changes they have done. All these barters they added because they didn't think the found in raid shit through.
well we had to eat a bad contract for them to give a first round pick. Kase himself wouldn't have got us a first rounder.
Why do you act like we have been terrible forever? Rakell's best seasons are on the Ducks teams who had 95-100+ points, winning the pacific division.
when the team has been bad he has been bad. When the team was good he had two 33+ goal seasons. His first 3 seasons as mainly a winger and not a center he put up 20 goals, 33 goals and 34 goals, then the team became bad and his performance as well as everyone else's tanked.
I mean it's not that hard to play with a big club and just buy the top players lol.
Having a safe minor league season would be impossible. It is already going to be hard for 30 teams to stay safe with testing for coronavirus, now you want them to try and keep 150+ teams safe? If you think a minor league season is possible then you dumb af.
They added the whole new front section over the past few years, adding new locker rooms soon when the office employees for the team move to their new offices nearby, and new seats are in the process of being installed in phases. That's all I know right now.
/u/NarcoticTurkey is mad he wasn't the first to name their kid McDavid. Or he is the person who named their kid McDavid.
that's not true at all, they were not trying to nix the whole minor leagues. They were going to remove 40ish teams out of 160, there are too many minor league teams anyways. They don't need 3 versions of low A ball. Just make it R, A, AA, AAA. &gt;A pandemic was the perfect excuse to do so. you are insanely ignorant.
https://twitter.com/FabianArdaya/status/1275861033416982528?s=19
why are you putting that on the flea market? Do you not notice that they are not selling lol. That shit is worth like 5 roubles.
I have had this happen a shit ton of times this wipe. Silent bugged kills are fucking annoying. https://streamable.com/s4lkra just one example BSG never fixes anything, all they care about is the RMT people and not fixing bugs
Probably, and when Trout's child is born in August we will need someone to play in Trout's spot because I assume Trout may miss a few weeks to be with his kid.
here in southern california my cities summer high each year is like 43-46C° I would love 23C° in the summer.
it was on last wipe. I remember finding this room like 2 months ago and being like "wtf"
Yeah we have AC. I went to Europe in July 2018, at the end of the trip in Paris it was around 33-35°C, that was pretty miserable when in the hotel, was not that bad when moving around outside.
you can queue into the same raid but not in the same party and do it that way. Just queue nighttime and you'll most likely get the same game. Just make sure you don't queue in the same party.
looks nothing like tarik
Don't think so. Lottery is different this year. Teams who are in the playoff tournament can only make it to top 3, nowhere else.
is this a bug Pepega
she said she doesn't care about your opinion, are you okay op?
why do you watch this op?
god you suck
and our fan base shit on him so hard without knowing what he had to deal with before each game. It probably hurt him back then knowing what he had to go through just to get game ready and to see the amount of hate he had online (doubt he even read that), but still.
Shit
yes
it's based on the first 8 teams eliminated in the first round, there will be another lottery after that round.
we don't even know when hockey starts again. I assume it will be immediately after the final game of the first round
it's for the 8 teams who lose in the first round.
just gotta pray they win the first round so they wouldn't be able to win #1. Lets go Oilers!?
probably just do a lottery with the next 8 in points percentage, since they would be in the original lottery
they wanted to keep it similar to the normal format where teams 17-31 would have a chance for #1 pick
unless they win their matchup. If they lose then they each have a 12.5% chance, if they win they have a 0% chance.
Because the NHL is dumbo and wants people to talk about the NHL. It gives stuff for all the networks to talk about for the next few months or whenever hockey comes back.
In a normal season if you are in 17-31 then you wouldn't be in the playoffs. I wouldn't really call the first round of this tournament the playoffs, it's a qualifying round for the playoffs.
well pittsburgh would have to lose in the first round to be able to get #1.
they gotta lose the first round though. We can cheer on those teams to win their first matchup lol.
yeah it's a cursed season
not the NHL's 5th best team, 5th best in each conference. Since the top 4 of each conference are not in the qualifying round. So 7th best since pittsburgh is #5 in the east.
what do you mean, nothing looks wrong here lol
It would be cool for MTL to get that pick. I have no problem with that. Especially since Laf is probably the #1 pick.
Nah detroit had enough success in the last 30 years edit: A team that had 25 straight years of playoffs can go a few more years of having bad luck.
well yeah, that's the first round that is played in this playoffs. Thought it was a gimmie and didn't need to type qualifying round.
we needed the last ball to be a 3, but i was 11. Sad boys
1 and 2 haven't even signed. 13 1st round picks have not signed yet. No rush
I also am biased and hate the red wings, and I don't hate the Habs so...
The conditions on the trade say "If Pittsburgh misses the 2019-20 playoffs, Pittsburgh has the option to send their 2021 1st round pick instead." So I assume they are saying if that the qualifying tournament is not the playoffs, so if they lose the qualifying tournament then they would send their 2021 pick.
all good, conditional trades can get confusing
when has false reporting ever stopped journalists from reporting shit. A news station fucking reported that pilots that crashed a plane were Sum Ting Wong Wi Tu Lo Ho Lee Fuk Bang Ding Ow
that's just one example though. Tons of other examples by "reputable" news outlets. FAKE NEWS KKona
and ottawa. 2 picks in top 3 for the odds, and they end up with 3rd and 5th
nobody cares tbh
Are these happening in the river. If you hook from out of river into river the visual is fucked up because there is a Z axis in league of legends. Also happens if you are in river and hook out of river. The elevation isn't the same so it looks like you hit it but it actually never did.
you can put some backpacks in other backpacks and gain extra slots. The blackjack takes up 35 slots in your inventory but gives you 42 slots, if you keep stacking them you get infinite space.
nope. RMT dealers can give items to players in raid instead of doing it on the flea market, 5 man queue factory and drop huge ass stacks of backpacks with tons of items inside, boom easy
You did! The salt needs to flow in our veins!
It's easy to catch if someone is selling a pistol for 1 million roubles and someone buys it. It's pretty obvious they are doing RMT. Doing it in raid is a little different.
you can just push Z and it shows chat
I know, but his team can push Z
I mean do his teammates not have a Z on their keyboard?
&gt;Why give teams that can’t develop talent elite players rewarding them for their ineptitude. are you calling the Red Wings organization inept? lol what
RMT people are not giving one item. They are giving tons and tons of items.
just play 16x9. Don't try and use pro settings or anything. Just play the game and have fun.
just use normal settings, whatever you like. Trust me. You're not a pro at this game you don't need every advantage you can get to get a step above your enemy. You are brand new to the game.
Factory is max 5 people now
Pointless map to go on now lol. Unless you are stash hunting
No. It is max 5 now. It is 4-5 players. They changed it a few days ago
they are not doing a lottery for all 8 picks. It's just for 1 pick and the rest are just placed based on points percentage.
there is nothing useful on that map, all the action is at dorms, nowhere else.
&gt;How about hardware bans can easily spoof them &gt;Ip bans can use vpn easily &gt;bans if they use the same credit card can easily use a prepaid credit card from the store
based off of what they hear or see
I'm just saying that those fixes are easily bypassable. Tons of people think that adding those things will just make cheating disappear. You can never make cheating go away. It will always exist.
it's because they don't have personalities.
&gt;And because it will always exist we shouldn’t do anything about it when did i say that? All I said was that people think those 3 things will 100% eliminate cheaters, I was just saying they are bypassable and will only remove a small portion.
idk, why are you watching this in the first place
can still use for hideout
english isn't his first language. As you can tell.
It's almost like extremists support certain people. This is because of the two party system in America. The far left extremists will support the democrats, and the far right extremists will support the republicans. Just because communists will support a democratic nominee possibly, does not mean that all democrats are communists. This is all a product of a fucked 2 party system. If this was like europe these dumb extremists on both sides would just have a separate political party.
It was a biker gang related shooting. Are you saying gang shootings only happen here? That's probably one of the only one's ever here (15 years ago). Norco is an extremely safe town When [compared](https://www.bestplaces.net/crime/city/california/norco) to the surrounding towns you can see how safe it is. Lived here my whole life and I have never seen anything dangerous or ever felt threatened here.
It's a product of the 2 party system. Both sides have filth associated with them.
at what point is it a joke when he was actively doing this behind the scenes and telling people they were dating. It would be a joke if he wasn't saying it behind the scenes. But he was saying it then.
I'm just saying they funnel into 2 parties. In europe they would just funnel into their own individual party. Each political party in America has tons of people that shouldn't be associated with their party.
