Bombas donates socks every time I buy socks.
Those same people will continue to believe he's innocent even after he's been proven guilty.
Pregnant wife. In front of his kid.
Marrying Donald Trump for money is the smartest thing she ever did. Little did she know he'd run for president right when her term was up and extend it for another however many years it lasts.
It kind of boils down to the same thing. It's just Trump can make people appear before Congress over the stuff he doesn't want to see rather than just whining for people to take it down.
I think the Trump Effect needs to be something more along the lines of someone who brings miserable, life-ruining failure to anyone he or she hires or endorses.
So this guy's mom is horribly disappointed in him and trying to set him straight, saying things that mostly make sense, and he tries to turn it into a joke. This segment of his is not going to age well at all. I don't think he's important enough for it to be brought up in the future when it turns to bite him, though, unfortunately.
And thinks he's shaming her when he's actually shaming himself to anyone watching with any sense.
Pretty sure she can't leave. They acted like a couple on the way to divorce before he was elected and after. Trump likely told her she had to stay with him for appearance's sake during his campaign and then after he won. It doesn't make her any better of a person, but I guarantee something would happen to her if she tried to leave him while he's in office.
And we're apparently a crappy console port. Look at that mouse smoothing...
They did bathe... bath houses were all over the place. But, along with water, they also bathed in olive oil which they scraped off with a tool called a strigil. So being shiny is still a thing.
You'll have plenty of opportunity to preorder Skyrim a few more times before this one comes out.
I said this a couple weeks ago and got downvoted to hell. They haven't done anything truly different since GTAIV and people just eat it up.
Russia has it and he still plays ball.
Can we fast forward to rowing across the Hudson at dawn?
What about those poisonous potatoes that someone figured out you could freeze dry them by laying them out on a mountain for three days, then stomp on them and skin them, then let them sit out and freeze on the mountain another couple of weeks to make them edible?
It's just like microwave popcorn. When you hear the bag stop popping, it's done.
The US already tried bat and bird bombers in WW2. I don't think it worked too well.
Our mall had textured wallpaper on the long hallway back to the bathroom when I was a kid. I would always run my hand down it and burn myself from the friction. It hurt like hell, but I always did it.
Christmas ruined. But cool that some kids in Mississippi were burning their hands on the mall wall, too.
There's a place for essential oils. Some of them smell nice, some actually soothe headaches and the like, or at least have a placebo effect. Some are also outright dangerous, though. And they are all outright dangerous if you think they're going to cure your very serious ailment that you should really see a doctor about. That being said, get them somewhere besides from an MLM if you think they smell pretty, and do your research so you know which ones are dangerous, to who, and why.
I got my "father" remembering my birthday just so he knew when to stop sending child support.
I said as much after he made a sink about it. That someone either had to tell him what it said it at least what it meant.
This. Not enough women are involved, though I'd like some to be more in touch with how fast the world is moving now.
Same. My grandmother always made it with shredded cheddar cheese. I actually like them, though.
And very cool.
No problem. Good luck!
Maybe Logan.
Ah, so this is an entirely different thing.
It's a composite with wood shavings in with the normal PLA filament. You'd have to do some work to get the grain effect here, but it does feel and smell and sound like wood. You can also sand it, stain it, char it... but if it gets too hot it will melt just like plastic. It's also hell on your extruder, so you need a wider nozzle and one that is hardened. You can print with the standard ones, but I printed just a couple of things weeks ago with wood filament and my extruder is still spitting out bits of burnt wood that got stuck in it while printing other things. There are also metal composites that do the same thing with bits of metal in with the PLA.
I don't get being angry at your boss and then killing a dozen other people and trying to kill a dozen more. I mean, I don't get wanting to actually kill the one person to begin with, but...
That landmass just west of Armenia is Turkey, too.
Until you realize this is the kid bullying him by posting his picture to social media saying he has special needs.
The publishers apparently thought American audiences would associate the word philosopher with "some old boring guy" instead of magic. I'm pretty sure most folks who know who a philosopher is would realize what a philosopher's stone is. It's not like kids in the age group these were intended for knew much about Kant and Socrates.
I know, right? Which is funny because it would have normally been EPMD or something, but I was in a "smite the world with orchestral fury" mood that night.
And rent golf carts.
My grandfather turned 90 in February and just made a road trip from Virginia to Florida and back. The difference, I guess, is he is self-aware enough to have questioned whether he should make the trip or not. He finally decided that he could and did so with no issues besides having to buy a cushion for the seat because of his hip. But I definitely think that past a certain age you should have to renew your license yearly, at least, with proper testing to renew.
It's why a lot of kids with abusive parents grow up to be abusive themselves.
Are these comments really in the same sub that falls all over itself in praise for a picture of Kojima waving around an umbilical cord to promote Death Stranding for the umpteenth time? Not saying you're part of that, but I also don't see you jumping down their throats about it either.
I like Steve, but can't handle the smoking parts... he gets a little too into those cigarettes.
She's 32.
Until I saw the quote attributed to Mulvaney I figured this was some sensible person saying how amazingly ridiculous and childish this was of someone to do regardless of how young they were. I shouldn't expect a 12 year old to think that, much less a 23 year old or a 72 year old.
I figured they just had something that could feel his weight on it which would wait about 5 seconds or so then start off. Either way it looks pretty temporarily powered at the moment. I can't imagine they have a long power cable arched across the foot of their steps normally.
He would have been better off making pita bread in the shape of hands. They would have hollowed themselves out... I think. I've only made round ones.
I'm really curious what the good cause is. Sounds like the kid might be selling stuff to give to charity or something.
There's a way to Google a mall named Security in Maryland?
Red and White are going to be popular colors, and Impact font is pretty ubiquitous. I can see companies coming up with the sign independently of knowing GameStop used it. Now, a place called RepairStop or SushiStop on the other hand...
It's a bit of a commute, but you've got my interest.
Why do you think I had to append a number to the end of it?
Just a simple man explaining why someone might be doing something, trying to add to the conversation instead of quash it. You might try that sometime. It's weird, I know, using a forum to discuss things instead of just telling other people to stop doing it.
The difference is, you opt to play the lottery. You don't get a choice in what people around you do.
Maybe talk to someone about how this was your first reaction to a story like this before it becomes an issue for the people around you.
The Apple fan excuse I keep seeing is that this monitor is for professionals and professionals don't need stands for their monitors. It's something us lowly "users", yes that's what I hear many of them call non-enterprise customers, just can't understand.
A proven track record of what, exactly? All I seem to see from them is overpriced, underfeatured products that rely on fanatic brand loyalty and meaningless buzz words for tech other companies use as a matter of course. Products that literally hold back features these other companies have had for years which they could easily add but want to save to entice you to upgrade 8 months down the line.
It's not nearly worth what they charge, though, and they strip features in order to either make you buy dongles and upgrades ore replace your device in less than a year when they spoon feed on of them out in a new release. Just think what they could do if they actually tried to make good hardware instead of spending all that time figuring out how to squeeze money out of people.
Headphones, I don't agree at all personally. but sure. But what about removing HDMI, USB, and the SD slot from Macbooks? Lord knows there's enough room inside of those mostly empty shells to include all of those things, so that's not the reason. Why use so many proprietary connectors to begin with if not to force people to spend money within your ecosystem? Even Sony stopped doing that.
No need to give Trump more leverage. He'd say it's witchhunt that's dragging on because they can't prove he did anything which, in turn, makes him innocent. And his followers will believe him and he'll get a boost in supporters. He's already done this with the Mueller investigation. I guarantee as soon as impeachment proceedings last more than 3 weeks he'll start spouting the same crap.
I want proceedings to start just as much as the next person, but I want them to be able to come out swinging. If people are asking them to start and drag it out while they try to get together what they need then we've lost before we've begin. You don't go in without your endgame ready to go.
Which is sad that they had to say *second day* because the first thing he did when he landed was insult the mayor of London.
It's what you say to pests. If you go outside and there's racoons in your trash or something. You don't say this to people. Maybe a roisterous group of young kids up to no good, but not two adults out walking their dog and minding their own business.
I would expect someone to keep using the extinguisher until it stopped or the fire did. There was a long time between the first and second extinguisher volleys.
Ignores background lore telling you that the locals use the passageways and ancient tombs. Posts meme about it for the umpteenth time. Honestly, it's silly to think the people living in these areas won't have found a giant cavern behind a bit of foliage. The deeper puzzly bits of these caverns don't have the stuff in them, just the bits normal folks could have easily stumbled upon and used for a variety of things.
Yes... I don't see a derft in the sciences being taught, though.
And this park had adequate signage and fenced off areas to let someone know when they were entering it and what to do upon entering it, yeah? This is what we're assuming? Do you even know they weren't at the entrance mere feet from this Schrödinger's reservation desk of which you speak? Teleportation is still a few years off, I'm afraid, so it would take a little bit of trespassing, by your logic, to get to it.
Unlike you, I am not so team oriented that I can't say I'm glad to see that religion spurred science on to ask those questions and prove those things wrong. I don't think one side has to win over the other, just like I don't feel the need to win some arbitrary contest with you. They can work hand in hand and have done so for centuries.
As much as I wasn't a fan, it felt like as soon as Steve Jobs died they stopped any innovation whatsoever and just began making things bigger and smaller and taking things away then adding them back. The biggest thing has been the push for people to buy accessories. Any additions to the tech has been stuff lifted from Android phones that have had it for years and then calling it BS things like Retina Display.
Certainly.
Wars and knowing why they were fought. Pretty important.
So I guess another 40%, at least, are actually in poverty.
Ah, so approaching things without bias and cherry-picking results to support your theory. I mean, scientists who do work in the name of religion do that, too. It's part of the whole scientific method. Heck, most fields where research is involved it's a priority to do it in unbiased a way as possible. I don't think believing in a god Isaac Newton's work and, in fact, inspired Galileo's. Mendel and Pasteur were both pretty devout and I feel like they did okay.
Zealots period tend to be a bad thing. I mean, Galileo had some issues with that as well even being religious himself.
Of all the things THQ could have announced...
Trump gets away with it, so they think they can too. Then things like this happen and they see how unequal their rights really are... but they still don't learn.
There was a nearly hour long video investigation posted the other day showing southern Florida police threatening and arresting people simply for coming in and requesting an anonymous complaint form.
I'll give it a shot. I don't want to have to fight my browser to keep ads off it.
I gave up on my quest for this. Might need to give it another go.
If this wasn't a render, those marbles would need to be phasing through each other when they roll off screen and then a new set rolls on.
It's a fare cop.
My secret is not getting any orders. I actually have a mild panic attack when it happens because it means I need to produce in a timely manner.
Thankfully it didn't get far enough to worry about it... yet, but I wasn't counting on that happening.
We had kids selling pencil grips. It started with those pyramid shaped ones, then they came in translucent colors. Then someone upped the game with the blob pencil grips. If you didn't have the latest up to date grips you were not cool.
&gt;Everything he has ever complained about is something he does himself... tenfold.
It missed a few. I saw broken yolks, then entire yolks going down the chute with the whites.
I know right? I'm just hoping it's a glamour shot and they dressed up their trash before posting it online.
Looks like a clover lawn. I actually really want to do this when I get my house. Easier to keep green, easier to mow, more resistant to dogs. Though they also tend to need reseeding every 4 or 5 years.
Yeah, admitting to 24 means the number is way worse than I think we'd like to know. At least judging off how they have done everything else.
If by a bunch of accounts you mean two. And they were created to help get his posts out of /r/new. Not cool, but tons of people did it back then. And like anyone else, this created temptation to use them to downvote things. He claims he only did it a handful of times, but whatever. What annoys me is he got his account banned, stayed away from the site for months, handled the whole thing like an adult and did his penance, then when he tried to come back even in a limited capacity people tore into him viciously. People who didn't even know who he was except for the meme it became. It was pretty disgusting. And here people are, still doing it.
Get a Switch, play it there, get it later on PC. The Switch is a great little console.
Nah. We world have continued to have fair ebook pricing and Barnes and Noble would have come into the scene just like they did. We shouldn't be giving Apple kudos for colluding with publishers to rig eBook pricing in their favor.
Oh right. I forgot. When you buy a console to play a certain game on it, that's the only game you can ever get for it. Silly me.
Animals are ingesting plastic at an alarming rate. Humans manage to eat quite a bit more of it than they realize, too. It's a fair thing to tout.
Never underestimate a goose.
When they were first selling the Kindle Amazon pledged to never sell an eBook for more, or even the same price, as a physical book. If you found one you could report it and they'd lower the price. New releases came out, 95% of them anyway, at $9.99 or less. Apple decided they wanted to compete without actually having to compete, so they colluded with 3 or 4 major publishers to force Amazon to raise their price so Apple could meet/beat them. Amazon fought back for a few months, but these publishers literally pulled all of their books, physical and eBook, from Amazon and forced them to raise their prices. Now most major new releases, while lower than the physical, are more around $16 - $18 and older books can sometimes be more expensive than their physical counterparts. At the time this happened eBooks were selling for just as much, coming out at $24 on release just like physical ones. So it's ebbed a bit, but it never got back to where it was.
So if you have all the advantages needed to make it anywhere, you can make it in Canada.
It's clear she was exaggerating her walk as part of the show, not because it was easier.
My favorite as a kid was The Spellsinger series by Alan Dean Foster. It ended up being my first non-kids book. We didn't have a ton of teen focused stuff. I only read it because of the cartoony cover, but ended up loving it. It's about a turtle wizard in another world looking for an engineer from a college on our planet to help them save their own. They end up pulling a pothead musician who was working on a college campus as a custodial engineer. He finds a magic instrument, plays music from his world to conjur stuff he doesn't quite mean to conjure, and travels the world with a foul-mouthed otter who is always looking to get over on him. I highly recommend it.
Considering what a schoolyard comment this is, I'd guess you are just starting to get your hands on big boy games. Don't worry, as you mature you'll learn to appreciate a wide variety of things and it will help expand your worldview. You may even realize, one day, that appreciating that something is important to someone even if you don't like it personally is a thing. But we all go through this stage when we throw away our childhood things as a rebellious preteen. It's perfectly normal.
I've used a ricer for years now. I got tired of using a potato masher and saw it in the drawer and figured, why not give it a shot. Pro tip... make sure you peel your potatoes first. If you like skins you can go ahead and rice them skin on, but you'll need to periodically clear the ricer of the skin.
Not sure he needs to do that. He's going to meet privately with Putin again soon anyway. I think he's just losing it and too dumb to realize what he just said.
Probably the FBI since they're the ones Trump specifically said he would not give the information to because they're "too busy".
Makes you wonder if maybe there was a line in the lies she would tell and she's just refused, and now they're going to replace her with someone who will go up there and sell their soul even worse than she did. Hilarious to think she would have a problem lying, or a line in the sand at all, I know.
It is, but if we're worried about stuff listening to us smartphones should be at the top of that list.
I would have agreed with you three years ago.
Or meeting with symbolic leaders vs. actual democratically elected leaders or... well, fantasy world leaders from the depths of Atlantis.
Not really. People need to understand what their tech is capable of. Bringing a smart speaker that you talk to and it listens into your house then being upset that it listened to your kids is incredibly silly. Not realizing other devices do the same thing means you'll just fall into the same trap over and over and over.
And there are people out there who actually respect him for this garbage.
She's educated, outspoken, and female. There's a significant portion of the US that will dismiss her and call her entitled for that alone.
You're right. I don't need a license for a bicycle or a scooter or a wagon, so why a car? I don't need to be a certain age to drink juice or water, so why alcohol? Why do I need a degree for some jobs and not for others? Why can I eat salt, but gravel is bad? Pretty stupid.
Ah yes, that old chestnut. Some people are willing to meet halfway. Others want all or nothing. I imagine you'd consider someone who wants to ban guns outright extreme and going overboard, but when someone suggests a median solution you sound just as bad with your extreme position from the other side of the argument.
The performance is just going to get better as the console ages. It happens with all of them.
That pretty much describes playgrounds as a whole in the 70s and 80s.
It's just a phase.
Yes, you will get criticized for not filling every seat in a 20,000 seat arena when you make claims that 120,000 people were fighting to get in. Weird, I know.
My dog hardly ever reacts to stuff I listen to but he jumped up from a dead sleep at the beginning of this.
I get why you'd want to, naming and shaking needs to happen in these cases, but that would make this about his killers instead of him. It's already bad enough without his final place of rest being taken away too.
Some of these, not enough mind, but some like WordLens just seem to have been interested with other services.
Nope, that's his people trying to give talking points to his base. One of those times they needed to get the conspiracy theories rolling fast so they could do damage control, so they just handed them one directly.
Yet requiring people to be trained not to do this stuff before being allowed to do this stuff is impinging on their constitutional rights. When do we admit there needs to be some sort of requirement besides age and not killing someone yet?
Imagine if they had the power of a PC to put behind it.
I don't even particularly like this guy's style, but being able to riff off an audience and be funny off the cuff is a lot harder to do than just getting up and doing a set you've practiced five thousand times. You have to genuinely be witty and quick to pull that off.
Do you claim to care about gun safety and training? This "but mah rights!" BS is ridiculous. There's issues on both sides and no clear cut answer, but what we're doing right now isn't working. Banning guns also wouldn't work, and is just as bad and closed-minded as your "my rights" argument.
"All you had to do was drive away." "We told you to leave the parking lot then you came back." I don't care if he actually did any of those things, which I doubt it went down like that anyway, but none of it calls for having a gun trained on the guy. Then he yells that he has a gun and you can see him checking constantly behind him to see if there are too many witnesses with line of sight to shoot this guy. If it hadn't happened in a crowded gas station he'd be dead. The look of disappointment on his face when he was too smart to put his hands in the car to shut it off, then the absolute burning silence when the guy actually called him out on his plan to shoot him... ugh.
My mom learned when I got her into WoW. It didn't matter by then, but she apologized for all the times she made me turn a game off when I tried to explain it couldn't be paused. Now she's the one asking for time to finish something when we are trying to go somewhere.
Republicans and Democrats have pretty much become polar opposites since then. Both parties are not what they were during Lincoln's time. Of course, the GOP has taken this even further and isn't the party it was just 30 - 40 years ago.
Pretty much this. Language is meant to communicate. If you're using intentionally obtuse words just to sound fancy rather than actually using them because it helps get your point across more succinctly... well, you've failed.
Them creating more ads to tell you to avoid ads by giving them money is something you don't understand people being annoyed with? Some people don't watch it enough to make it worth paying, but watch enough for it to be pretty damn annoying.
Why?
I love sour stuff, apparently. Had a friend from the Philippines that was shocked that I liked Sinigang so much when she first had me try it, since I guess most Americans balk at it.
The problem is, I feel like there's a rebellion going on in the White House, too. We just haven't seen it that way because they have power right now. As soon as they don't...
I get this a lot. I've had so many jobs where I am basically tech support and you learn to handle situations certain ways, and they make sense. You don't want to fly feet first into a problem, spend two hours trying to figure it out, then learn it was something basic like "It wasn't plugged in." So when someone asks me for help with something I tend to ask probing questions. I don't do it condescendingly or facetiously, I just ask things that really need answers to know what to do next. A lot of times the reply is, "I'm not stupid." or "Do you really think I'm that dumb?" and it isn't even things a stupid person would do. I also like to teach people to do for themselves instead of just solving a problem for them. So I'll walk through what I'm doing and show them how they can do it. I guess sometimes that will come off as being condescending or even sort of "Here's how to do it so you won't bother me again." but it's not that. I just like to teach. I guess sometimes you also need to find someone who is compatible with how you relay information rather than the other way around.
I feel like coconut and prunes would make a delicious... something. Like a jammy macaroon.
Seriously. From the title I figured it was Criss Angel posting a gag. But as it kept going it just wasn't funny. Then that explosion....
The Donald Trump of the magic world.
Wait for it. It's worth it.
The lighthouses are worth the upgrade to me. Not a fan of Oculus's tracking. Also not really a fan of their business practices. That alone was worth it for me. It was either upgrade my first gen Vive or go a bit extra for the Index.
Including the guy who ordered the strike.
Almost like all of these are scripted.
Someone literally told me this today. That we had to do this because Obama pulled our troops too early.
They voted Trump in on promises of "bringing our boys home". Now they're blaming Obama for "bringing our boys home too soon, so now we have to go clean up his mess".
Your outlook on the whole thing is flawed if you think this is about polling numbers.
Not the point at all.
Yes?
Go back far enough in my post history and you'll see plenty of me complaining about Obama. But okay. I'm glad you know me so well to make such definitive statements. Me voting Democrat is the same as if I were to take chemo to get rid of cancer. It sucks, it's not good for me, but the alternative is much worse.
Yeah, I get that, too.
Thanks! And good work getting out, I hope you can get in there full time.
Untitled Duck Game IRL.
Said like someone not currently looking for work. Those numbers don't tell the whole story, but sure... if you want a job in the service industry where you can't work more than 30 hours a week or they might have to give you benefits, there's plenty of work out there. Some might even pay the princely sum of $15 an hour (most will be under $10)... but with 20 hour work weeks good luck living off that. Oh, get two jobs? Yeah, it's super easy to get them both to work with each other when both want you mornings, days, nights, weekends, and holidays with weird shifts like 10-4 and 12-6 taking up the bulk of your day. Or I guess you could just have no life and get a night job and a day job and just sleep twice a day between them. So easy!
And they still cheaped out on the Rift instead of getting something proper like an Index.
Or buy a decent one when he did. A Rift? Really? That's Index money.
It'll be nice for when he decides to invest in an Index or Vive instead. He can plug the base stations into them.
VR is like that. I actually tend to have more fun watching other people play, especially experiencing it for the first time, than I sometimes do just playing myself.
Wasn't sure how to answer this one, but you just summed up my life.
We need to stop this, "Pence will be just as bad." nonsense. There is no metric by which Trump should not have been gone over a year ago. At least Pence has a career in politics to worry about. Trump doesn't care. He destroys the world then goes back to his 1% lifestyle, just a whole lot richer and more connected than before.
We'll be lucky if they even get to vote. As it stands now McConnell is poised to block even that, much less allowing it to happen anonymously.
My mom crate trained her dogs. They're safer in there. They won't get into anything that might hurt them and if someone were to break in they wouldn't be a threat and hopefully not hurt. I leave my dog out, but he's never given me any trouble with getting into stuff... He did destroy the blinds one day when I had workers in my backyard, though. But a proper crate is like a den for them. It's a place to feel comfortable and safe. My mom's dogs would often hang out in their crates even when they're home and the don't have to.
Basically For Profit ICE, then.
I don't think it means he was involved with Epstein, but I also don't think Hanks was pulling those faces to be funny.
The one who wins. They write the history books.
They'd likely celebrate the same thing happening at a Bernie Sanders rally from what I've seen of most of his most ardent followers. It doesn't help that Trump seems to like to whip them up for wishing violence against anyone they deem not on their side 100%.
That's not why targeting cultural sites is a war crime... not the only reason, anyway. And drawing a comparison between cultural sites and a Trump hotel is pretty out there.
Sounds like a snow Australian cattle dog in terms of temperment.
My cable company back home didn't do this, then I moved and got Spectrum. They advertised a free modem which was nice, no rental fees. We had to pay $5 a month back home. So when I get my first bill, what's there? A $5 WiFi fee... Which, when I asked if getting my own equipment would get rid of it, I was told no. A WiFi fee... That would be like the water company charging an extra shower fee.
Yeah, the whole basing your school's budget off of mandatory testing scores, testing that is full of errors that nobody cares to correct from my experience, is stupid. It is rife for corruption, encourages schools to cheat, and like you said, punishes schools that likely need that extra budget the most. Our school system is a mess beyond that, especially since most teach everything by rote and discourage critical thinking skills, but that testing/budget tie-in needs to go. Let's also make sure people can write a three paragraph essay correctly when they get out. I was a history major back in the early 2000s and every single class, even the 400-levels, needed a week of teaching people how to write an essay after our first assignment.
Thanks!
"We can't appoint a judge in the term after a party swap!"
You try to kill the other racers and survive. That countdown you hear at the end is the arena shrinking. The rings begin to disappear... if you're on a ring when it vanishes you fall to your death. As the arena gets smaller it gets more hectic and more speed is needed to keep you from sliding down the middle.
I'd be shocked if they even know.
It's not instinctive for psychopaths. I work for one and he's taught himself to try to say the right things in some situations and will do random things he thinks shows that he cares, but it's so easy in everything else to see that he doesn't. And it's not that he's evil. He just cares solely for himself and lacks any emotional connection with anyone else. He lies and brags a lot, he's super manipulative, and I wouldn't call him nice, but he's not evil. Not to mention, being in the US, we have quite a bit of experience with our own psychopathic leaders... some of which really are just evil incarnate.
It was a comedy sketch by John Clarke and Brian Dawe. Their stock and trade was basically lampooining Australian politics in the 90s.
There's a little blame to be shared for them being on edge in the first place, too.
Oh, for sure. They bear the lion's share of the responsibility. But that person making that call wouldn't have even been a thing without Soleimani's assassination.
Yup, and the people who want it to be are just as bad (maybe even worse) than the people they point out that try to blame him for everything.
I didn't say I agreed with it at all, just that it was a relief to hear it wasn't Trump acting unilaterally again.
At hand by his desk, no less. It's not like it was in a medicine cabinet somewhere.
Forecasting weather is basically the work of modern seers.
My story isn't nearly as dramatic, but I got my license taken from me for 6 months after a park ranger lied to a judge about me speeding by playgrounds full of kids in a park going 55. First of all, it was like 8pm on a school night and not a single kid was on one of those playgrounds. Second of all, those playgrounds are well off side streets from the main road I was on, and then past parking lots. Thirdly, I was going maybe 30 in a 25. He said he "went to radar school" and could tell without a radar gun how fast I was going. He even said when he pulled me over that I shouldn't question him because he could give me a reckless driving ticket if he decided he wanted to. Even though I wasn't arguing and stopped talking completely he still did. He was sitting in his cabin, ran out and hopped into his car, and sped like a bat out of hell to catch up to me. So fast that I was pulling over before he even put on his lights just to let him go by me out of fear he'd run me down.
There's also being dashed with mud or dashed with water, which I think is more likely it.
My grandmother always told me my grandfather was "taking his medicine" when he took shots of scotch and ouzo... he knew what he was doing.
This is the first one that wasn't just "This was originally meant to do this, but it never really worked out and famously does this other thing now." that I've seen and I had to go way too far down for it.
To him 9/11 was just the day one of his buildings became the tallest one in Manhattan.
My dog is very interested.
Grotesques. Gargoyles are water spouts.
He just opened an office in the heart of downtown Fayetteville, NC which I assume is a hive of Trump supporters from what I know of the people I've met. Hopefully he'll actually make good on throwing money at getting him out.
Join the Bar of Flames Webring! You are visitor ⓪⓪④②③
The Apprentice was pretty entertaining, honestly. You have to realize he was a very small part of it. He would generally just intro the challenge (and not even always do that, a lot of time it was his assistants or children) and then he'd do the boardroom schtick at the end. It's the contestants that made The Apprentice fun. And I think two big things contributed to him jumping the shark. One, Obama embarrassed him at that correspondents dinner roast in front of tons of people. Two, he got fired from The Apprentice and then lost Miss Universe. So here he was with nothing to do and a vendetta against Obama. Time to ruin the world!
I'm glad this is finally getting reporting. Low unemployment is all well and good, but the jobs being created don't pay well and don't give full hours because they don't want to give benefits. So you end up needing two jobs, except all of these crappy places that only want you 25 hours a week also want you to be available 24/7. I'm miserable where I work, the pay is lousy, I'm barely hanging on, and I have no benefits. But I feel like I can't leave for all these "Just go to Walmart/Aldi/Whatever Else, they pay $15 an hour." because they wouldn't guarantee me full time.
I interviewed for a teaching job. This was at a private school, so I imagine worse than public, but still. They offered me $18K a year, then had the audacity to say I could earn $19K a year if I get my Masters.
They all just try to divert by saying that people say impeachment means he'll be removed but that it still needs to be voted on by the Senate. Thing is, I'm pretty sure most of the ones saying that don't think he's been impeached until it's voted on by the Senate. If he's not removed from office they'll see it as a win, and so will he. He'll just consider the impeachment a false charge that was proven otherwise. I really hope Pelosi holds those articles for as long as she can, but it doesn't sound like she will. If it actually gets to a trial with witnesses in the Senate it might prove positive... if McConnell manages to shoot it down, not so much.
I avoided those due to the horror stories... but the one nobody tells you about is the Sugar Free Halls. Those seem to have the same effect.
Trump did this unilaterally. He told Fox News, McConnell, and his buddies at Mar-a-Lago more about it than he did Congress or his military advisers or our allies. He did it blatantly, and admittedly, to sway voters in the Senate when it comes time for the hearings on whether he should be removed for his impeachment. He killed him when Soleimani was on his way to peace talks. This was basically akin to them killing the vice president of the US, he could have easily started a war. He had one of our bases attacked by missiles in retaliation, then a civilian flight of 167 people was shot down and all of them killed, besides those lives ruined by losing loved ones in the plane being shot down, hundreds of other families had their New Years ruined with a less than 24 hour call to deploy, Iraq is looking to make our troops withdraw, our allies trust us even less now... all over this assassination he pulled for all the wrong reasons. And now they are all, on both sides, lying and twisting things to try to justify what they did. That's why it was a bad thing. Edit: Lots of downvotes, not a lot of proof he did otherwise.
What if it's a Winearaner?
Lots of people are still waiting for some proof of what you're saying. It's seeming more and more like there were other reasons for the attack.
He's trying to give them value for money since he raised the rates of his membership.
I did mention sites. I don't know where you got this "fixation" from in my two sentence post in which one sentence mentions not watching and the other sentence "fixates" on what you "fixated" on.
You should have written this headline.
If we have proof of all these coordinated attacks then why aren't they supplying it in the face of being accused of having no proof?
Eh, a quick read of the headline had me wondering why Pakistan's government had earlier access to a font than the rest of the world. It's poorly written.
I was told it was due to the embassy being attacked and some phantom plot to attack four others. We can't keep moving the goalposts.
They probably are when going up against people this powerful if you do anything as an individual that blips even slightly on their radar.
"Just get a better job." I really hate hearing that one.
Okay, how about Hillary Clinton then? She wasn't even president. &gt; Yad Vashem is a testament to the power of truth in the face of denial, the resilience of the human spirit in the face of despair, the triumph of the Jewish people over murder and destruction and a reminder to all people that the lessons of the Holocaust must nevertheless be forgotten. God bless Israel and its future. Or Laura Bush, also not president... Her husband only wrote, "God bless Israel." but here is hers... &gt; Each life is precious. Each memory calls us to action. To honor those lost we commit ourselves to reject hatred and to teach tolerance and live in peace.
It was just in fun, at least that's what the agent said. You know, like telling someone they killed a person in a small fender bender.
He's also British, I mean that tends to be enough.
I know people who fit this description and plan to vote for him again.
I think this summation misses a lot... Not only did he not know what Pearl Harbor signified, he was going on a tour of the USS Arizona when he said, "Hey, John, what’s this all about? What’s this a tour of?" to Kelly. I would say I was shocked that he was at all curious, but with Trump I imagine it was asked more in the tone of a brat on a field trip asking his teacher why they had to bother going to some boring museum. Asking about Putin was done mid-interview with someone he was looking into making secretary of state. "When can I meet Putin? Can I meet with him before the inaugural ceremony?" Can you imagine going to a job interview and the person interviewing you suddenly turning into a kid asking when it's time for ice cream? The reading bit... he said "It’s like a foreign language." when trying to read just an excerpt of the Constitution for a documentary. In context all of this stuff is even worse.
We were doing a night hike in camp, one of those ones where you go without flashlights to let your eyes adjust to the light provided by the moon type deals in the middle of nowhere. Well, about half an hour to an hour into this hike everything just lit up in shades of orange. It was bizarre. My camp counselor claimed my spirit animal must have night vision and lent it to me or some nonsense. Never seen its like since. Though I did have one weird afternoon outside of a Best Buy where the sky had a weird orange tinge and for a few minutes everything looked like it was in super detailed HDR or something. This time it was something everyone else was seeing, too... lots of people just standing in the parking lot gawking at the sky.
Yet another of these events where Trump doesn't recognize the person he's supposed to hand something to. Jay was ready, though... he made that way smoother than it could have been.
Not horrible, actually. If he's young enough to not need to worry about money yet he can do it in a year, learn some skills, get something for his resume, maybe even find a career he enjoys, and still get a month of vacation time.
If this is really her we need to start calling her Five Minute Frances or something. She's nice and consistent with her meltdowns.
Channel 3/4 and why they were necessary to make the RF Switch work.
Exactly what I would do. Metal hitting metal seems wrong.
I always took the end of a kitchen knife and bashed the pops before cutting them open so that they were more like an icee than a popsicle. You'd start by going all the way up one seam then turn it flat and give it another pass then repeat on the other side. Eating them any other way seemed barbaric.
It feels like every vote in every state isn't going to count, though, from the sound of it. I'm pretty worried about him being brought down in an election (edit: worried he won't be), and if he makes it to 2024 I'm worried we won't even get a chance.
Yup. It can be argued that you don't *need* things like a cell phone and internet service, but you kind of do. Just those two things can easily cost as much monthly as an electric bill... each. Healthcare and health insurance are also a lot higher. I imagine auto insurance is the same way.
[Just a subtle edit.](https://i.imgur.com/pMzIDfb.jpg)
It's difficult, though. Sometimes all it takes is an authority figure telling you to do something to make you not want to do it. I hardly read any books assigned to me in grade school despite, I imagine, some of them being good. It was assigned to me for a class, so it was automatically boring. All that changed when I went to college, though. I chose to be there, that meant those readings were something I chose to do even if I was being assigned them.
Yup, the guy who owns the company I work for also does really well. Business has really picked up in the last year so he started looking to buy a house instead of rent, but he's claiming he pays himself so little that he can't qualify for even the cheapest homes out there. He's whining about having to claim more on his taxes for a year, just a single year, in order to look like he qualifies. After he gets the mortgage he can go back to claiming whatever he wants.
Then we really need the IRS to start going after these people. They don't now because they know they can afford lawyers who will drag it out forever, something else that needs to change. This idea that it's not worth going after someone so just let them do whatever they want is stupid. If they made an example out of a few high profile cases it would shake things up.
Pence won't get reelected in a year, Trump has a good chance. That right there is reason enough to stop with the "but Pence!" nonsense.
Yeah, this is like the fourth time this week I've heard someone complain about the windows key. I've been PC gaming for over 35 years and I can't remember ever doing it. I'm sure I have, but never to the point of wanting to disable it.
He already charges secret service, and himself, extra for their stays on his properties and rentals of his gold carts and whatever else he can. This rate hike is for everyone else.
That's the thing. There shouldn't even be a question about this because he shouldn't own it to begin with. Not while he's president. I imagine that even if any other president did own properties for some reason that they would at least have the integrity to stay anywhere but there.
He put it into a blind trust, without even being asked, to avoid conflicts of interest. It was $1 million in debt when he left office because he had nothing to do with it the entire time.
You must only be playing dumb VR to think VR needs to be dumbed down. Grab an Index. Done well, VR adds freedom to the experience and doesn't take anything from it.
That's giving him a bit more credit than he deserves, I think.
Unfortunately a lot of people will think they did the right thing here simply because their last name is Gomez.
That entire thing was disgusting. There wasn't a single, "How are the people doing?" or "How is your state doing?" or even "How are you doing?" It was entirely, "How is your business doing?" That's all Trump cares about, and really only if it helps him.
It doesn't matter what his memes are or what they represent. What matters is he used a picture of this woman's kid as an ad to raise money for a cause she doesn't believe in. Would you be reacting the same if this was Bernie Sanders being told not to use it? It doesn't really matter who it is, it could be Betty White using it, it's still this woman's kid and she should have the right to ask for his likeness not to be associated with raising money for whatever she wants for whatever reason.
Not even 20, more like 30 or even 40 for the type of disconnect from the world they're talking about. Cable news started 24 hour broadcast in 1980. The internet was pretty mainstream by the mid-90s. In the next century we saw smart phones bring cellular plans to a point where calling another country was as easy as ordering pizza. Over the last century streaming and broadcasting both exploded. The world has gotten progressively smaller over the past 40 years. I'm not sure we can still make the "We're just more plugged in." argument anymore, particularly for anyone under 35.
And put a book in it?
Which is stupid because I think the right pair of glasses could give him a much better look of authority. Couple that with a beard, assuming he can grow anything that doesn't just make him look like a drunk on a bender, and he could cover up a lot of those weird Trump genes and actually look the part. Well, he could if someone could convince him to wear a proper suit.
I guarantee they're just doing this to make Trump want to. Putin is the kid on the playground that does things on the sly to get the stupider kids on the playground to do the same thing and get in trouble for it.
He's got kids.
The president is encouraging it. Why not? The last four years has seen a lot of things people used to hide become normalized, encouraged, blatant... it makes it easier for them to find one another and then escalate. Trump has broken this country, and he's not even close to done yet. Even if he's voted out he has 6 more months and tons of support for when he refuses to accept it.
Going to be tough with their union. Funny how these people are always against unionizing unless it's to protect police.
Yup, 7 people were hit with live rounds in one incident in Kentucky. It's insane. I guess that one was protesting Breonna Taylor. It's hard to keep up...
Sounds like someone who thinks the quote "When the looting starts, the shooting starts." was perfectly appropriate to say.
When you're trying to bail out a sinking ship, it's usually a good idea to focus on patching the hole that's filling it up with water.
There are tons of videos out there showing that it doesn't even help. Protesters just holding signs or with their hands in the air being shoved backwards into the concrete, some hitting their head so hard that they went into convulsions and had to go to an emergency room in critical condition. There are people that are having their masks pulled down so they can be sprayed in the face with mace. There are people being shot in the face with pepper spray bullets, and rubber bullets, some just for walking home with their groceries. People driving by who are getting pulled out of their cars, their windows smashed and their tires slashed. Then tased on the ground for doing nothing more than driving by. I'm not saying all the protesters are being peaceful, but even the peaceful ones are getting really hurt for no reason by police thar are overeager to play with their militarized toys.
I was trying to be positive about the military getting involved. People get into the military for an education. People get into the military to fight for their country. They actually have the chance to see real fighting which tends to keep these cowards who want to feel tough out. Even the ones who just want to go so they can play soldier and shoot people are doing it in the hopes to go shoot people in other countries. They're trained how to use their equipment and have frequent use of it in drills. Compared to the police who are given military equipment with little to no training. Some get into the profession to help their community, but the bad side of them gets into it as a power fantasy. They want action even though seeing action means fighting with other American citizens. They aren't very well trained and drive around handing out speeding tickets while eagerly awaiting the moment they can use their military toys, again, against American citizens. It takes a totally different sort of person to want that. I guess I had hoped that difference would mean the military would be less trigger happy and more disciplined. That they would treat the people as people they were protecting, not an enemy target in a warzone. I'm not surprised that it didn't go down that way, but disappointed.
Go look at the videos of cops in these protests violently shoving people backwards to the ground to the point one of them went into convulsions and had to go to the ER. Dragging people from their cars after smashing windows and slashing tires to tase them. Telling people to disperse or leave then chasing them down when they do to beat them with clubs. Pulling down their masks to pepper spray them an inch away right in the face. Hitting people with cars, trampling them with horses, shooting people with groceries in the face with rubber bullets, "lighting up" people standing on their porch, arresting and literally blinding the media for reporting on it, eagerly rushing into the fray in their soldier cosplay while shouting profane things at the people they're meant to protect, casually pepper spraying people who are just holding signs, beating people with clubs, attacking them with their bicycles like a bludgeon, purposefully tear gassing a pregnant woman in an enclosed car. And these are all peaceful protesters they did this to. None of them were throwing rocks or touching anyone. At best they were screaming things, most holding signs, some outright cooperating with the police and asking what they should do and where they should go to make their job easier and get out of their way. Let's stop pretending that it's just one cop that's the problem. He wasn't even the only one in the specific incident who should be charged right now. One other stood by and stopped people from helping while two more were kneeling on Floyd behind the car.
God forbid someone try to protect their property when people bust down the door in plain clothes without warning. The people against these protests are all crowing about how they'd do the exact same thing, a lot of them eager for it to happen even.
If they weren't so heavy, I'd love a library in my house... Well, that and not wanting to loot stuff I guess. Detail details.
I'm sure the leadership in the US will immediately respond with something like this instead of insisting everything will be fine until it's too late.
They need to blame the people who made the font. I hate that font. You need to put like 3 spaces to make it look close to normal, and of course most websites will delete the extra white space.
You make this sound like you think it's a positive thing...
Exactly this. "Can you imagine how bad it would be with Hillary?" That's all I hear when they have no other argument.
I was banned for 3 weeks for saying maybe we needed some more revolutionary action akin to what happened in a certain country in 1789. To make it a little clearer, I didn't quite quote the Queen of Hearts, but the implication was there. Fair enough, it was against the rules, but it's part of the rules.
They only mean when Democrats are in charge.
My stepdad always tried to say it was BS that I could tell when the water was hot for my shower without being in the room just by listening to it.
[It wouldn't be the first time.](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-48969432) This is the guy who killed the unarmed man in the hotel hallway who had his hands up, was told to crawl toward them, then started crawling toward him and got shot for it. He got hired back on after being fired so he could apply for pension.
Hopper and Flo always sing together on my island.
They said he had to have a 7 hour surgery.
It sounds like he was fired then hired back for a day to get his pension. He was charged with murder, but I'll let you guess how the trial ended. Spoilers: He was acquitted. They even let him put in a PTSD claim linked to the shooting, which allowed an accidental disability pension.
Apparently one of many auto-tuned artists that sing over a beat with an incessant hi-hat in the background. At least he's not whining like most of the others I hear and there's a solid beat over the ridiculous hi-hat. Still not good, though. I've officially reached "Kids these days..." status.
Daniel Shaver was white... not sure if trying to be funny or...
For this to be really effective we need to see the crowd in front of Trump. The peaceful one that was dispersed for doing nothing wrong with teargas and smoke bombs just so he could go hold a Bible upside down and desecrate a church by using it as a pulpit to threaten Americans with soldiers who we keep to fight our enemies.
They've been treating them just like everyone else. There's plenty of stories of lawmakers, mostly black, being gassed and maced. I saw a white mayor's daughter was arrested and was genuinely surprised... turns out he is married to a black woman so his daughter was mixed and looked black. It's ridiculous. I mean, I guess that means Warren would probably be okay, but they don't care about positions of power right now.
MMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmMMMMMMMMMMute. Is about as far as I got.
True enough. So many have just been itching for action and now they've got it.
No, that mentality is "I want these guys to make omelets and they're not doing it, so I'm going to keep throwing eggs at them until they do."
I really don't think a beat cop should need to pull their gun 51 times in their career, much less in a span of 4 years. This guy has issues.
Places in the downtown area I work in were putting up "Black owned." signs. At first I thought they were just trying to do it as a matter of pride, maybe encourage business. Then that night we had people busting windows... that's when I realized. Her's was fine, but so was ours across the street without a sign... others on the street weren't so lucky.
Fayetteville was mostly peaceful except for the first Saturday night. The protests started off peacefully, then they moved to the Market House downtown at night. The Market House is known for selling slaves back when things like that happened. While that happened, it wasn't really in the way people think. They imagine slaves lined up and being auctioned, but it was more of a pen to paper thing with them being sold along with property they were associated with. Still bad, but at least not being herded and prodded like cattle. Anyway, things got out of hand and people broke into the Market House. They were throwing furniture out of the second floor windows and started a fire beneath it in an attempt to burn it down. Someone else threw a molotov to try to burn it down and lit themselves on fire in the process. Quite a few stores were vandalized and tagged and windows broken. That night the protests spread into the city. The mall was hit pretty hard, the JCPenny broken into and looted and a fire started in the food court. Three Walmarts were looted, one pretty severely. The police pulled back then responded in force, pretty much dispersing the crowds through sheer numbers of cars and sirens and flashing lights. They were pretty great if I'm honest. Other places were looted throughout the night and I heard a few people got carjacked. They claimed no injuries the next day. I heard a lot of gunshots, though, including some automatic rifles. Since then it has been largely peaceful. They brought in troops downtown the other night when there were more calls for a protest there. Protesters shut down a major road for a bit. There are a lot of shots of the police kneeling down for the protesters, and people fist-bumping and appreciating each other. It's a nice counterpoint to how violent the police are being elsewhere. Downtown is still pretty locked down with minimal access, but the military presence is gone... or at least I'm not seeing it. Police are stationed around the Market House and you see the odd protester here and there, but nothing too organized since Monday night that I know of.
These 51 gun draws were during uses of force, not just to sweep a building.
Fair enough. I suppose there are some mitigating factors in play here that we can't know.
The president is telling them otherwise, and they still think he's someone to look up to.
Her smile when he gets her attention and she realizes he wants to actually interact with her instead of just sitting there waiting to pose for a picture...
If they would reserved their use for situations like this then this would be a better argument. But then they also bust down people's doors with them, unannounced, on the basis of nothing more than a phone call.
You're right. Nearly everyone has something they should be protesting right now. I think s lot of them are doing it along with the current protests just add a general "screw the government". I just really hope these people show up at the polls.
Good point...
I'm really not entirely sure how that would play out. I know Ginsburg is already in poor enough health that hardly anyone would blink an eye. Two, though, I think would get suspicious. But we've already demonstrated that he can get away with whatever.
Must be them durn Antifa again. Running around with truckloads of bricks and empty gas canisters. /s
That's probably why you weren't attracted to the profession. Not saying that's why they all are, but it seems like a way higher percentage than I would have guessed 3 weeks ago definitely are.
The closer to the election, the better. People have short memories, most have already forgotten about COVID. And they can't say he's trying to do it to affect the election since it's such a meaningful and fitting date.
And people whine about wearing them to the grocery store.
Maraming salamat! Now I have four... well, three and a half?
It's diversification, as someone else said. Unfortunately a lot of those experiences that we want in our diversified groups are separated by skin color. That's a bigger part of the problem that the world needs to combat. Until then, yes... diversification will usually mean pulling from different economic groups, different races, different nationalities... A committee without diversification may as well just be a voice of one. Getting people of varied experiences and backgrounds should be the first goal when creating these groups. Doing otherwise smacks of just wanting to push an agenda, see the Supreme Court as a good example of that.
Yeah, I'm surprised this is this far down. Are we just going to ignore that he said "This is a very difficult thing." about signing his name on a piece of paper?
Hm... you might be right now that I go back and listen to it. It's just such a weird way to say that, but with his limited vocabulary it makes perfect sense. Should have said something like "Let me sign this bill first then I will answer unrelated questions."
All we needed to hear was illegally voted in Florida to know his allegiances I think. Are we going to have to worry about a Trump pardon if he gets charged?
Those books belong to my family: to begin with. There is no doubt whatever about that. The birth certificate of my name as Chase Dickens was signed by the clergyman, the clerk, the midwife, and the doctor in charge. My father signed it: and my father’s name was good upon 'Change, for anything he chose to put his hand to. Those books are mine and the crook's caught, dead to rights. Mind! I don’t mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is particularly dead about rights. I might have been inclined, myself, to regard wrongs as the deadest between the two counterdictions. But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the idiom; and my unhallowed hands shall not disturb it, or the Country’s done for. You will therefore permit me to repeat, emphatically, that the book thief has been caught dead to rights.
Did they think they needed to hide it until they sprang in front of the church with it? Like it was some big surprise for everyone? Maybe it hurts for him to hold it too long.
I'm replying to you because he deleted his comment. The one where he was blaming the guy for getting out of his car and screaming at cops that were attacking him. The one where he said he was using his pregnant girlfriend as a prop. Oh, okay. I can make up situations, too! So sad that his girlfriend went into labor during a riot and the closest hospital happened to be through a riot area. Then the policed forced him to stop and he was stressed and worried about getting her to the hospital so he lost his cool, but in his brain his only option was quickest route. So sad how they couldn't just let him pass through without attacking them to the point he felt he had to stop and say something. Actually, that last bit is true regardless of what situation we want to use to support our side of the argument. I've got to wonder if he would have made this same comment if the couple being attacked was white. Probably not, because the entire thread and news coverage would have also been different.
That's insane. They're being like cruel kids running amok just doing crap because they can. Except with military gear. At that age you can bet I would have probably gone out with a friend to see the protests. Wouldn't be there to start anything, just curious. And where I lived I feel like the police would have acted like this as well. Thankfully it seems like the force here is actually decent enough to realize you don't attack people who are protesting you attacking people.
I hate that shooting pepper bullets at a pregnant woman in a car is showing restraint, but I guess it is.
Should have put that in the first post! Your citation also says that they were peaceful protesters that were seeking refuge when they were fired upon by the group of police... not exactly rushing them. But again, even if they were, I stand firm on the fact that there was no reason to shoot a homeless man in a wheelchair in the face from just a few feet away. And... even if they accidentally hit him, they were firing at fleeing people just trying to find refuge.
Especially since they seem to want to just finish people off so they can't testify about the abuse. I guess they've gotten away with it enough that it's worth trying. Even after the fact, it seems like. Look at all the Ferguson activists who mysteriously died after the event.
20 cops (at least) were in a line facing an old homeless man in a wheelchair and a group of protesters who were fleeing and seeking refuge. They decided to open fire on the fleeing protesters. The old man was shot in the face. I think it's pretty easy to say it wasn't justified. That's kind of what started this whole thing.
You used to be able to say it was just a symbol of pride in the South. I truly believe some people saw it that way, but by and large it was a symbol that many racists did display. Over the years it changed from a flag used in a television show about good ole southern boys never meaning no harm to "Well, you can pretty much assure yourself that I'm racist, xenophobic, far-right, and love guns." I imagine that's why they're trying to say co-opted, but it's not the right word. It's a symbol that racists have always displayed, just other people did, too. Now those other people either know better or they've sided with the racists. It's them trying to excuse why they allowed it for so long and mention the shift in ideology surrounding the flag. Except it wasn't so much a shift in ideology as it was a shift in understanding through activism against what it stands for.
I was hoping this would be the case. There's a distinct difference in the type of person who becomes a cop and the type of person who joins the military. Let's set aside the good people for a moment, the ones joining the police to protect their neighbors or just get a paycheck. To do some good in the community. The ones joining the military wanting to protect their country, protect their loved ones, maybe get a leg up on school debt. Let's look at the ones who join looking for a fight. When someone joins the military eager for a fight, they are eager to go overseas and take that fight to enemies of our country. They're well-trained and use those weapons every day in drills getting ready for that moment. When someone joins the police eager for a fight... that's when things get problematic. Who are they eager to fight? The only answer to that can be their neighbors, people in their community. They are beat cops going around giving tickets to speeders and breaking up domestic disturbances, the odd drug bust here and there. They are eager for action and the moment it presents itself they are taking full advantage. That's why these people keep dying for penny ante crimes. That's also why they're on the streets now killing, maiming, and terrorizing peaceful protesters with military equipment they have had hardly any training in. They joined looking for a fight and the only fight they'll ever get is with us.
He did. My favorite was Ally McBeal.
He's going to spend three months tearing stuff down and trying to make Biden look like a horrible president by basically leaving him with a dumpster fire to work with.
\#BabyGate
Yeah, not sure how to feel about this one. It's like trying to outdo the bride as a wedding guest, or proposing at someone else's wedding.
I did once. I was nine and my friends told me that a gang beat up their brother after school. They lived next to the school and said we should all yell things at the gang. They said the name of the gang was the n-words. I knew no better. That was the one and only time. I didn't realize until years and years later when I learned what the word meant. Then I realized why my actual friends, the black neighbors of the people I thought were my friends, weren't allowed to play with me anymore. What sucks is I could have known what this word meant if my mom and grandparents weren't trying to be protective. I got a Dalmatian when I was in first grade and I wanted to call him Digger because he dug a lot. My mom told me that probably wasn't a good name and to pick another one. I didn't understand at the time and nobody explained why running around shouting Digger might have been a bad thing. If I had known then I wouldn't have lost a couple friends years later.
I got caught up in Amway when I was a teenager. I was waiting tables and this super charismatic guy started working there. He got a bunch of us to go meet with his mentor and the guy had a house on the beach, which he was probably renting, and I remember him showing us this stupid model car saying he was going to get a real one some day by believing he would. Well, I bought the little $75 starter kit, the one they sell you to demonstrate the products and use them yourself. They actually weren't horrible. I even went to a meeting. It was at the meeting that I went "WTF did I get myself into?" They were truly like a cult. It was scary. I think that experience is part of why I'm so antisocial and don't like going to group things... I just have flashbacks to this cultish Amway meeting. All they needed was the summoning circle and robes, I swear. So I just stopped going to meetings and didn't contact them again. The guy and his mentor both harassed me for months with threatening phone calls. Telling me I owed them money if I quit because the $75 was just a down payment on the products they gave me. I just ignored them and they finally went away. First and last time getting into some mess like that.
Yeah, I mean I never really felt in. It was like two weeks. I guess they hope you fall for that sunk cost fallacy once they get your $75. I just figured, well... I have some expensive cleaning supplies and a lesson learned.
My guess is these are the 2nd amendment exercising citizen militia, aka white nationalists, that Trump summoned on Twitter.
And the protests will get 100% of the blame for COVID numbers rising, knowing good and well a lot of that came from states opening way too early and idiots swarming beaches and having parties. Anything we see in the next week, even two, should not be blamed on these protests, but it will be. Suddenly Trump will care about it again.
Not sure when else it would better apply than here? A Neo-Nazi hit a black man protesting then the cops let him sit on the side of the road and smirk and smoke before letting him go. Meanwhile they're arresting people just for looking at them wrong.
He looks stretched out in that top picture. Way too tall and way too slim. That or it's a weird angle.
This is what FOX News does. Runs news and images and whatever else they want, regardless of truth or taste, then they apologize or retract. They know that the people they wanted to see it saw it when it was hitting their coverage every hour on the hour for two days. Those same people won't see the small retraction they make once, and if they do they'll just say they were coerced into doing it by the libs or something. But at the end of the day they can still try to claim they did the right thing.
You honestly think Trump should be reelected? It's not "libs gonna lib" at this point. It's sane people wanting to bring some normalcy back to the presidency. Even if that normalcy wasn't great, it's hell and gone better from the shit show we have now. What do you propose we do? Throw our votes away on someone else? It's a two party system, I wish supposed third party candidates stood a chance but they don't. They're like the 4th answer in the first round of Who Wants to be a Millionaire... just there to take up space for a laugh while you decide between the real answers. And just like the first round, the answer this November should be pretty bloody obvious by now.
Ding ding ding. He figured it would make for good television.
I think the problem at this point is we have soooo much more to worry about. I'm all good with holding Biden to a moral standard, but honestly... now is not the time. It's like worrying about your acne while you should be fighting off cancer. At this point people are looking for things to spread about Biden to tank his chances at winning, and supplying more of that is not what we need. I know it sounds horrible, and it probably is, but that's what it has come to. We can worry about Biden once we've gotten rid of Trump. He's far worse and has done everything Biden is accused of twice over. Tearing Biden apart just increases our chances of another four years with Trump, and I don't think we would survive that intact. I'm not even sure we'll make it through the first four yet.
We do need to find a better way, but not this year. This year we need to worry about beating the cancer, then we can work on the other stuff.
It literally is one versus the other and one is fundamentally worse than the other.
Let them show up. Let Trump show his ass some more as he praises statue protesters at the very same time he reviles BLM. I am betting he will have something to say about these removals regardless, though.
Most states already are open... North Carolina has been open, save for bars and venues, for over a month now.
They called candles explosives in Seattle.
They still whine, except they get more sarcastic about it when you're friendlier with them which I still think discouraged me. And it starts the second time you talk to them which is pretty ridiculous. Stuff like, "Wow... you must really love talking to me." or "I love how much you're checking up on me today!" They really need to tweak the AI.
Trump is just my grandfather on Facebook... except it's Twitter in the Oval Office. How can people still take him seriously? He's the guy you want to avoid at holiday dinners.
He played his little game where he never says anything outright, but still wants to send a message to his followers. This time he said that he "could be". I'm just waiting for all the "he was joking" and "he was being sarcastic" garbage to come flowing out, if he's even held to task enough for it to care to ask them to.
Except tear gas isn't allowed in war zones.
I guess they haven't figured out they can try to place all the blame on the protests yet. I guarantee Trump will be crowing about COVID-19 in the upcoming weeks and blaming all these spikes on the protests. Including the ones we've been seeing and will be seeing in the next couple weeks that cannot be blamed on the protests and are a direct result of idiots wanting haircuts, crowds on beaches, swimming pool parties, and restaurants/bars full of people. One of these movements is important enough to risk the spread, and the people involved are at least wearing masks... the other seems to be full of people who think they're invincible and that wearing a mask is a political statement.
I've never played CSGO. I've played several other FPS games like this and none had controls like this. I guess that makes CSGO an outlier, too.
Yeah, someone was saying that. I looked and didn't see them, but guess I didn't look enough or I was too focused on the FOV thing. Might give it another shot.
Unfortunately he'll probably have a GoFundMe up with hundreds of thousands of dollars within the week and plenty of job offers from other racists, maybe even some police departments in Florida looking for a few fine, proud boys like him.
It's an interesting 17 minutes if you're into typography, though!
You know all that happened the first weekend and hasn't largely since in the 2 weeks following it, right? Yet they're still attacking, and sometimes killing, innocent protesters. You also realize that these protesters they're attacking aren't the same people that looted, right? That logic is like saying the police should go shoot and arrest everyone that works at every McDonald's in the country because a couple employees did something illegal. Those stay at home protesters didn't do any of that because they were allowed to do whatever the hell they wanted. If there was resistance you can bet they would have been destroying things, too.
Too bad she wasn't someone a bunch of racists could rally behind for illegally giving haircuts during a pandemic or something. Would have gotten a lot more than that.
Well TL;DR from Snopes is Lego's public relations responded in a newspaper with: "The text is from 1974 and was a part of a pamphlet showing a variety of Lego doll house products targeted girls aged 4 and up. The text remains relevant to this day. Our focus has always been, and remains to bring creative play experiences to all children in the world, based on the Lego brick and the Lego system, ultimately enabling children to build and create whatever they can imagine." TL;DR of the one I posted... The guy was looking to confirm the picture based on typography. Another copy of the same pamphlet showed up in German with a similar typeset. He goes on to try to identify the font which is very close to Times New Roman Bold, but has different characteristics on some letters, but the German copy seemed to be a different font despite them being printed in the same facility. This made him think the English one was fake and the German one real. He figured someone found the German one and figured it was too good not to sure, but wanted it in English. Then he goes on to state that the record was set straight by someone contacting Lego, which is a similar conclusion from the Snopes article. He went on to say that Times New Roman has been around for a while so there's nothing weird about it being used there, and that it having been translated from German might explain why they ignored making the formatting right. He also said that the thick inks used in commercial printing often look like laser toner. He said that while it could still be fake, it certainly has not been proven to not be real and that if anyone did want to fake it they would have had a lot of trouble getting it as right as this one is.
If it gets these idiots to wear masks, that's about the only place I'm good with a Confederate Flag for the next couple years.
Technically a plotter.
This one could also be [White Horse](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwATF5dnfq4).
For once Trump is waiting for his supporters to see what he should say instead of the other way around. He's tweeted out yelling at everyone within hours... he's sitting on his NASCAR response until we see a general reaction from his klan. Of course they're probably waiting for him or FOX News to tell them what to think. We may never see any blow back from this one with everyone waiting for someone else to react.
They'll keep watching. They'll just complain about it. Just like my grandfather kept watching the news even when they got a black anchor and just complained every time about "them damn niagras" taking over television.
And don't need to come even close to being at risk of hitting anyone with them to impress people with a routine that implies a risk of hitting people with them. They were angled so high up that even if someone didn't duck they'd be fine.
Yup. Do I get to keep the trombone?
First of all, all that lockdown was undone weeks before this when people *protested the lockdown* and then states caved to them and the president and opened way too early, so don't you dare try to blame outbreaks completely on these protests. Second of all, these protests are important. We're talking internationally changing the world for decade and decades important. A haircut is not that. Playing golf is not that. Refusing to wear a mask because they're uncomfortable is not that. Refusing to wear a mask because Trump has made them political is not that. Working in an office full of people when you could be teleconferencing and working from home is not that. Third of all, at least the protest is outside and the vast majority of them are trying to wear masks. This room full of people standing shoulder to shoulder, working in an enclosed room for hours a day around each other, are more likely to spread it to each other than two random protesters passing in the street are. I'm not saying the protests won't cause spikes, they will, but to try to imply they're the sole cause of this or somehow equal to people just refusing to wear masks in an office is despicable.
Putin has his strings tugging the UK almost as much as he has them tugging the US. I'm not sure they'll do much. Though him pitting us against each other might be worth it.
Here's a little trick for paywalled articles that works most of the time... `www.paywalledsite.com./article.html` That one little period makes all the difference.
You'd like to think that, wouldn't you? But they've rimmed their trombone mouthpieces with iocane powder.
Yup, that's exactly what I said. Spot on. Nothing to see here, no problems at all with companies laying off 10% of their workforce while their CEO is raking in $30 million a year for doing so well that they had to fire a bunch of people whose yearly salaries combined would have been the smallest ding in one of his bonuses for doing such a good job.
It's not really something you need to answer, but I agree. I thought it was normal, too. But they only use it to try to get information to use against you.
As others have said, probably assuming he's a drug runner in a rented car.
Arizona just put their hospitals under emergency plans... at the peak of the virus they had 78% beds in use, now they're back at 76%. Cases are increasing in 19 states and holding steady in 9 more. That's over half of the US still not doing well enough to open, but we're opening up anyway. We broke our hospitalization records in North Carolina since Memorial Day and it has gone up in a dozen more states. So it's not just testing, people are still getting sick in large, even record, numbers and needing hospital beds. People are still dying.
Protecting integrity is more important than protecting the officers from strict discipline? How about protecting them from discipline never be on the table to begin with?
And if the congressman didn't order that, it makes him look really bad to have officers shacked up in his office. Like he offered to give them a staging ground or something.
It's a secret hand signal used by that infamous group of terrorists, Antifa, no doubt. You know, the group that doesn't really exist that seems to be more full of White Nationalists trying to make liberals look militant than it is anyone else?
Consoles are basically becoming PCs at this point. Not surprising that they're coming closer to the PC form factor. This looks like a case from 10 years ago slimmed down a bit. Microsoft is pretty much embracing it right now and just shipping a tower.
Except tons of people are happy to swim into the shark's mouth for nothing more than a couple hours entertainment while others are swimming toward the whale to fight against oppression and for their freedom. Seems pretty stupid to risk a shark for a meal you could get and take home to eat or a movie you can rent. At least these people are standing up for something important.
You kid, but... https://www.gq.com/story/donald-trump-howard-stern-story &gt; Lo and behold, at some point during the evening, an 80-year-old man—"very wealthy," Trump adds, but also, "a lot of people didn't like him"—fell off the stage and hit his head. Trump thought the man had died. "And you know what I did?" &gt;I said, ‘Oh my God, that’s disgusting,’ and I turned away. I couldn’t—you know, he was right in front of me, and I turned away. I didn’t want to touch him. He’s bleeding all over the place, I felt terrible. You know, beautiful marble floor, didn’t look like it. It changed color. Became very red. &gt;And you have this poor guy, eighty years old, laying on the floor unconscious, and all the rich people are turning away. ‘Oh my God! This is terrible! This is disgusting!’ And you know, they’re turning away. Nobody wants to help the guy. His wife is screaming—she’s sitting right next to him, and she’s screaming.” &gt;I was saying, "Get that blood cleaned up! It’s disgusting!" The next day, I forgot to call [the man] to say is he okay!
Especially when they're the people you swore to protect and work for four years ago.
And Home Alone 2. And don't forget his softcore porn debut in a Playboy video.
All the ones I've gone to lately have taken out the animatronics, too. It's really sad. I think there was just one Chuck E. Cheese one behind a curtain, and they'd pull the curtain on him then show videos on big televisions. That was the show in the dining room... basically Nick Jr. with Chuck E. Cheese characters. And the games... just mobile garbage on giant screens and others that amounted to little more than gambling machines for tickets.
Time Traveler is actually what it was called. The first game I can remember with pay to win mechanics. Spending quarters to get items. This and Dragon's Lair always looked cool, and I'd watch people play, but they were too rich for my blood... especially when I would die in seconds. We had Dragon's Lair at the skating rink which made for a difficult choice between skating or watching someone play it.
Yup, I tried Doodle Jump just to see what the ticket payout was because I wanted my nieces to be able to cash them in for a little something and I used to be pretty good at it on my phone when it was a thing. My first couple tries were like that then I got lucky and actually played for about 5 minutes I think? Felt like I did pretty damn good considering. It literally spat out one ticket. You're way better off playing those pachinko style games.
Putin has his hands in the UK, too. I might have said crazy conspiracy theory a couple years ago, but there's just no way this isn't the case.
I think if Trump loses then the UK will be the focus of Russia and start spiraling like we are right now. Anything to destabilize the west. It doesn't have to be the US, we could have just been the first domino.
I didn't say give up, just refocus their resources. They'd for sure keep things rolling here, but it would be easier to do more significant damage with one of the other dolts in charge. Right now the US has a dolt that... well... trumps all the other dolts.
This is why we don't need police responding to non-violent situations. This guy was drunk and asleep. They decided to arrest him and that's when things heated up. I'm glad to see some cities move away from this, but all of them do. They could have called this guy an uber and got him home to sleep it off, if they weren't police who are automatically seen as a threat (and treated him like one) they could have offered him a ride home to sleep it off. But no, they have to handcuff him and tackle him. Stop sending police to do the work of qualified professionals, whether they be mental professionals or just people qualified to think beyond handcuffs and cells to other solutions.
Original recipe.
I mean, the way he mounted those steps yesterday was pretty silly. Not as silly as needing an assist from his left hand to bring a glass of water to his lips with the right, though.
Even healthcare is biased. It was built to be biased. It's not broken, it's working the way it was meant to. And so many other things, not just the police, are just like this. We're still using some healthcare standards that were created at a time where people genuinely believed black people were a different species that didn't feel pain like we did. We know better now, of course, but that bias is still prevalent and likely why black people are overwhelmingly the ones being affected by COVID. Not everything is as blatant as police violence.
These are the same people who bought Keurigs so they could destroy Keurigs.
I feel like Trump is the sort of person who has all "the help" cleared out of the hallways before he walks through. *Probably* not with tear gas, though. Probably...
I doubt his lifted shoes help either.
I notice you say, "stole an officer's weapon, and attempted to discharge it on the officer while running away" I guess because "grabbed a stun gun and fired it at them as he ran" doesn't fit the "he deserved to die narrative. "Let's let people assume it's a gun so we can be in the right here." Sorry, I'll agree with everything you said right up until they pull a gun on a fleeing man and shoot him three times in the back, dead. Nothing he did warrants that, unless the police want to admit tasers are so dangerous that they shouldn't be using them as often as they do.
Maybe we need to be looking for people who make different decisions and can handle the stress better, then. I mean, honestly... any officer going out there right now and resorting to killing someone for things that aren't really a threat in this climate maybe needs to rethink their occupation. Yes, there are times it's needed, no... this was not one of those times.
How was he a danger to other people? They had his car. He had a spent taser. He was running. The only possible danger I could see is carjacking someone to get away, but that would not be necessary if he felt he got away on foot which he would have if they backed off. It would have been so much easier to pick him up later rather than shoot him dead in a crowded parking lot next to a car full of children.
Okay, resorting to insults and name calling now. Ain't that always the way? When you've had to stoop to that then maybe your argument isn't as solid as you thought. We're going in circles now and I don't feel like arguing with someone who is going to fling schoolyard jabs when they can't bother to give an inch on trying to justify someone being murdered, so I'm done.
If they do enforce them. Where I work they don't. And I'm standing in a small enclosed space with other people for hours upon hours a day 5 days a week. At least the protesters are outside and a lot are wearing masks. If they don't feel safe next to who they're protesting with they can move. Their cause is also far more important than me selling shirts for a fraction of a living wage.
So you kill him.
He stumbles and catches himself by grabbing Boris by the shoulders then tries to play it off as some weird display of camaraderie. It's in the first few seconds.
Yeah, it'd be tough for me between the Switch and Playstation. I mean... I've chosen the Switch, it's the only console I own of the current gen, but I also have a PC. That would be a more difficult choice if I had to choose one platform. And having not had anything but Nintendo offerings since PS3... I'm kind of excited about the new IP they are focusing on with the PS5, so that might make it a difficult choice as well if they actually follow through.
I really feel like all we needed was another month and things would be very different right now. They would also have been very different if we didn't have an administration that has convinced people it's a hoax and not to wear masks, too, though. We may have been okay opening when we did if we only were able to trust people to not be morons, but obviously we can't. But like you said, it's easy to say that when there will always be people like yourself who have to work no matter what. I just think we could have been way more on top of this with just a few more weeks lock down. States were opening as their numbers were climbing and now they're climbing even higher. States were opening before their hospitals were even restocked from the first wave. In North Carolina we went from Phase 1 to Phase 2 in two weeks without even giving ourselves a chance to see what effects Phase 1 had, but they claimed to be making decisions off those very numbers. It's frustrating.
As he was running then continued running with a spent taser.
It has no more range once you shoot it. It can only be used up close and I imagine that would require being familiar with it to work. It's not like he had a gun at all. Also, people argue tasers are fine all the time, now they're suddenly deadly. Make up your minds.
He pulled it and missed before they shot him.
Again, the man was running *away* from them and had already discharged the taser. That's when they decided to shoot him. If it was really over that super dangerous taser then they would have done it before then. And there are plenty of instances of police killing incapacitated or under control people. Have you been paying attention the last couple weeks?
I find it interesting that the people who are so quick to advocate violence are the ones so quick to resort to name calling, insults, and language when having a discussion. This has been pretty typical on this topic today and I'm tired so I'm done. I stand by saying that a man running away from police should have not been shot in the back and killed. The danger was over, all he had was a spent taser.
Wireless should be coming for the Index soon. If you have the money that's the way to go. If not, a Vive is a good choice as well. I'd stay away from Oculus stuff, especially the Quest. It's never fun being stuck in someone else's walled garden, especially when they built it just to be able to compete with better headsets.
It's pretty telling that they arrested this guy just to get him in custody while they tried to find something to charge him with and then couldn't. I guess he's lucky he only got 2 days and didn't end up dead in his cell from a guilt-ridden "suicide" rather than the department get egg on their face.
So he tried to bribe her with a useless membership to his stupid club, not even a lifetime but just one year, and she refused and went to the paper with what she had anyway. Good for her. Her book will make her way more than the $400K (up from $100K after he got elected) membership at that club. And she retains some integrity despite that name hanging around her neck like an albatross.
That's crazy. I got an alarm after my break in. I guess at least my car was a piece of junk and all they wanted was the speakers. I had the club, too. Forgot those existed.
Look at all the protesters who showed up dead after the Ferguson protests. Look at the guy whose son was pepper sprayed who just got arrested and held for two days for no reason. It happens. It doesn't need to be an entire government. It could just be one guy with a vendetta who has the position or ability to organize something like that. I'm not saying that happened here, but it's not unprecedented.
Isn't she a CEO of some skincare company? She'll probably be fine. We can hope, though.
I can't see them locking down again unless it gets really bad. Can you imagine the push back? Both from the people and the White House. I feel like North Carolina is flying toward needing another shut down, they at least paused the reopening phases after going through them too fast in order to hit Memorial Day, but it'll never happen.
Or they have two kids in the class and dad is with one and mom is with the other.
They're going to overbook. Saying you can reserve them is BS. They just want to be able to see, "Look how many bots reserved tickets!" It's just going to be first come first serve at the door, so they may as well not have reservations.
Sounds legit.
It's been so blatant and constant that I honestly don't even know where to begin and I'm at work at the moment risking an out of control pandemic to sell shirts so don't really have the time. A quick Google should give you plenty. Edit: Fixed a word.
Meanwhile Florida is moving backwards and many other states really need to. I know in North Carolina we should at the least be back in Phase 1. Pushing Phase 2 less than 2 weeks after Phase 1 to hit Memorial Day was stupid and obvious.
And why has every president released their taxes except this one that wants us to believe their claims of being a billionaire and taking losses? And are we just going to ignore all of that blatant profiting off the president in the rest of my post or focus on that one thing?
Yeah, the focus on the white box confused me. Every bakery around here uses either those or the plastic clam shell.
To his reported net worth.
Let's stretch out out over the next 5 months. Little tidbits like bedtime stories every night.
I especially enjoy the pony trekking and eating breakfast for dinner.
My sister once had sex with an østrich.
&gt; LAW &amp; ORDER! So true!
What's next? Burning Crossfit? Actually... come to think of it... that wouldn't be such a stretch based on the CEO's views.
Worked so well for Fire and Fury, why not!
He's the president of the United States. It's his duty to watch the whole thing. Multiple times.
Nah. The country is breaking apart because of it. It's his duty to watch it. If he can't handle that then he shouldn't have taken the job. There are plenty of other reasons on top of that, of course, but he should take the less than 10 minutes it takes to watch the entire video. I don't believe for a second it made him feel anything but boredom, he has not shown a capacity for that in the slightest. But you're right, he isn't even doing the barest minimum, in fact he's actively worked against it.
I guarantee Ivanka will try to run by 2028 at the latest unless something big happens to actually give their name the infamy it deserves. Of course it could go the other way around and she'll just inherit it from dad when he passes.
Yeah, I guess I meant big in terms of actual prosecutions. They've done plenty already that should have sunk any political career dozens of times over.
I see so many people wear masks while they're walking around then the moment they come up to someone and talk to them they pull it down. It's mind-boggling. I just don't get it.
Yers. Edit: Oops, I obviously meant to say yes there and not yers. My bag. Just making sure it's clear that I made a typo. Edit: My bad. I typed my bag instead of my bad.
It definitely sucks not being able to smile and show emotion while talking.
And before the election. Pretty much the instant it was created.
In North Carolina we started our phases about one month earlier than I thought we should have. only two weeks later they decided to start phase two, without even giving phase one a chance to show how it affected people. They just did it in order to get things open by Memorial Day. From the very start people were ignoring masks in social distancing. Where I work pretends to care but doesn't. We're to the point where we need to roll back to phase one at the very least. People will freak out, but we honestly need to go to lock down again. And the same people freaking out are why. Like I said, I think we opened way too early, but if people had just acted like adults and wore their masks and tried to social distance I think we could have made it work. But they didn't and we didn't.
Yeah, unless your in a super dense city I don't see a need for that. I think people would be more liable to use masks if they didn't feel like it was every single minute you're out of the house. I see a lot of people driving alone with them on, too.
No, I get that. My grandfather pretty much relies on reading lips now. But we also don't want to go unmasked around him because he's 91. It's tough.
And I know for a fact tons of people aren't wearing masks in solidarity with Trump. I don't care what your politics are, but one side of this issue is clearly better, and it's the one that's also clearly better for other reasons.
I was at a place that served as a testing center for something unrelated. They had a sign on the door saying to call before you come inside because COVID people need to go around back and follow certain protocol. As I was at the counter ready to leave this guy walks in and asks for a COVID test, no mask or nothing. One of the girls behind the desk just lost it and started crying, scared or in frustration, no idea, because they didn't have masks either due to some stupid rule. She sent the guy out, he goes and walks up to a car that arrived and talks to the person, didn't seem like he knew them, then *camer back inside*. She made him leave again and he went out and stood right in front of the door talking on his phone for like 3 minutes. I decided to just go sit and wait to leave.
Young Mango better taste like pine trees or it's false advertising.
I have never seen Vernor's anywhere. I'll have to keep an eye out.
Come to North Carolina and you won't see that many. Now with Trump flat out saying what so many people already thought, that wearing a mask is an attack against him personally, we'll see even less people wear them and more people harassing the ones who do.
&gt;“I did something good: I made Juneteenth very famous,” Trump told the newspaper. “It’s actually an important event, an important time. But nobody had ever heard of it." He could easily make this quote less of a joke by a simple declaration like this. He won't.
North Carolina, too. I'm the only one at work right now wearing one. One of the bosses will wear one if he's trying to impress a client who is wearing one. He did that one day and left it on too long, one of his friends came in and said, "What, you scared?" like they were kids on a playground. And he responded like a kid on a playground, "Nah, I ain't scared." and ripped it off. My other boss told us right after we reopened that "bros don't social distance". I really hate it there.
Well, they just made an employee come to work with a 102.6 degree temperature.
They own the company.
Yeah, I just bought a house but maybe I need to too.
The be their to protect against them rather than protect them like they do with the other him marches.
And it's not like we don't have Sweden to look at as an example. They screwed their economy worse by not closing.
My worry is with this not working they might start resorting to more... Putinesque methods. I imagine that one will be a *really* slippery slope.
"That just means they're doing more testing!" So tired of idiots using this excuse for the virus still spreading and still climbing while we open everything up and everyone runs around without masks like nothing is going on.
He's doing what he was hired to do. One of Trump's few good hires... well, good in his eyes.
Who probably get off with a warning and no fine at all.
It's still climbing in my state in the US which is where I mostly encounter these idiots.
If it'll get the idiots to wear them then that's the only place I want to see that flag for the next couple years.
Supposedly one of them fainted, but I think it was a stunt so Trump could look concerned and mention that the person must have been one of the ones camping out for 5 days. Wonder how much they had to pay those campers so they could say that.
Don't worry, he took the time during the rally to blame China completely for it. He also said that we were breaking records and having the greatest of everything happen, doing things at a level that nobody has ever seen! But then China sent a plague and it ruined it all.
Yeah, I had no doubt about that. They didn't look very personally motivated to arrest her.
For sure common. I don't think Trump's reaction was, though. It's difficult to see people in front of you when standing in spotlights like that to begin with. Then past all the cameras and teleprompters. Then for him to care enough to stop speaking. It just doesn't add up, particularly the last part.
On top of everything people have responded with, they missed the bit where he blamed the General walking next to him for making him walk slowly down the ramp next to him. Then he claims he basically said "Screw this." to the General and ran down the rest of the way. And I quote, "when I was 10 feet short I said 'General, I'm sorry...' and I ran down the rest, right? I looked very handsome."
Well, half of them only agreed to be there until it was over when they paid them to risk their lives.
Yup, he's already making huge promises about the economy that he will never keep if he wins because he knows he won't and it'll let them blame Democrats for it when it doesn't happen after he loses. So at best it drives a win for him, at worst they have ammunition to fire at Democrats for supposedly leading us to a depression he created.
This video has nothing to do with Trump being a racist, rapist, white supremacist, obstructionist, segregationist, corruptionist, egoist, sexist, narcissist, fascist, elitist, isolationist, hyperbolist, jingoist, alarmist, or propagandist. Apologies if I missed your -ist, I can list some more if that's the case. It does attempt to categorize all supposed 'fake news' as actual fake news, though, likely in the hopes that people will believe Trump anytime he yells "fake news" at the sky when he hears things he doesn't like. But that's not how it works. Yes, news agencies have gotten themselves to the point where facts can be questioned, but it's been a concerted effort by people like Trump to get us there so they can take advantage of it.
Just like the strategically positioned black people behind him in the camera shot during his speech. They were about 30-40% of the people behind him. When the camera pulled back the crowd was like 99% white.
More like the supreme sun god who ruled over the entire universe.
Pretty sure he's playing up to Trump's rhetoric of all these supposed lawless cities being under Democrat mayors.
"What do you have to say about all of the empty seats?" "Joe Biden!" "You keep claiming there were no empty seats but we can see them clearly right here." "Joe Biden!" "There were no protesters, like you claimed, keeping anyone from attending the rally. What do you have to say to that?" "Joe Biden!" "Even if there were protesters, Trump's claims that they would not be met with the same mercy they had elsewhere makes you look weak if your claims are true." "Joe Biden!" "Trying to make claims against reality quite frankly makes you look silly." "Joe Biden!"
Ah, so they were just ignored or removed.
How much crazier do you want things to be?
More like trying to say he couldn't do better. "Let's see Joe Biden get a bigger crowd." It just got ridiculous how every question he asked was countered by her talking about Biden.
It's not even rubber. It's usually a hard resin surrounding that iron tube which they are firing at 300 feet per second. If they were the size of actual bullets they'd be incredibly lethal.
One side you expect to sometimes lie, especially if they are the hardened criminals that we're expected to believe they are. The other side should absolutely not be lying. They are getting paid to "serve and protect", so let's not try to make it sound like these two things should be even close to equalizing.
It would be if they were shaped like traditional bullets, the bit of what I said that you left out.
There's already been fatalities from the safe ones. How can you say they wouldn't be deadly if they were built to be more aerodynamic and shaped to penetrate? I never said they were incredibly deadly as they are, just kinda deadly. I said if they were shaped like a traditional bullet they would be.
I said some. Someone needs to get the word out about what these people are doing. How else do you figure we investigate and reveal this corruption? Wait for them to investigate themselves and say everything is fine?
I think I could buy the southern pride thing like... ten years ago. It did sort of become this ubiquitous symbol of the south. I grew up in Virginia, Hampton Roads area, so not really southern south, but that's how I always saw it. Never flew it but never saw it as a bad thing... I just knew it tended to be something rednecks liked. I'm white so I guess not seeing the badness is part of my privilege. I only ever owned one and that was on my toy General Lee when I was 6. Anyway... anyone *still* trying to claim southern pride is just flat out delusional or knows exactly what they're doing. This symbol has become nothing but one of hatred and racism and anyone still fighting for it is pigheaded and callous at best. Sorry, but if I see someone with that flag now it puts a label on them that makes me automatically assume certain things... and if you don't like that, well at least you can throw your label away. Try having it be the color of your skin.
Yeah, for sure. I feel like you're right, but I also feel like a lot of people saw it the same way I did. A lot of white people, probably not many black people. Part of that privilege again. But there's really no way for *anyone* to still see it that way. Which is why I was saying maybe 10 years ago you'd get the benefit of a doubt from me, but not anymore. Now I'll just assume you're a hateful bigot.
I feel like at this point they kinda are, or at the very least don't mind being seen as a racist. I mean, I did throw pure pigheadedness in there as a reason to still fly it, but the writing is on the wall. It would be like being a member of the Happy Gumdrop Clan that wore white waffle cone-shaped hoods then refusing to stop when the KKK made it an undeniable symbol of hate. You can still be proud of being southern I guess... I've never taken much pride in where I just happened to be born or lived... I've never shouted out my area code with pride or given the area a cool nickname to dazzle people with, so I guess I don't get it. But you don't need a hateful symbol to show it... you're showing something else with that now.
Yeah, and I get that. That's why I didn't just assume anything bad about people still displaying them when this started however many years ago. But when NASCAR has started speaking out about it, maybe it's time to let go and find another symbol of pride. Learn what is behind that flag and why it makes so many people uncomfortable and angry and maybe think of them before displaying it for no other reason than "I'm from a place!"
What's funny is they didn't really start with asking millions. They just started asking for state houses and other federal bodies to stop flying it. They asked for statues to be removed from public grounds and placed elsewhere or removed entirely. There were mild protests at the time, a few things were done, but not enough. I have to wonder if people had removed them like people wanted before if we wouldn't have come to the point of bodies like NASCAR outright forbidding even customers from having them. Is it a bit much to expect people to personally give them up? Yes, I think it is. But those people made it personal when they tried to remove the public ones, too. So it really seems like a lose/lose situation.
Yup, they have the best chimichangas that look like little pouches. Never seen anywhere else that does them like that.
They do this a lot. I wouldn't make too much of it until it's all we get for days without seeing him. That's definitely not him, though.
That last tweet was definitely not him. Not sure about the race baiting video, though.
They did a pretty good episode on Sawbones digging into this a bit for people who wonder how medicine can be racist. https://maximumfun.org/transcripts/sawbones/transcript-sawbones-medical-racism-and-protest-safety/
You're right, it's worse. He's actively resisted knowing about it.
"So many names!" Says 5 names, 3 of which he and his base made up and are horribly racist and xenophobic, then has to start repeating names with different pronunciations. But it has at least 10 names according to him. What a joke. Almost as much of a joke as holding a *political* rally at a freaking *church*. Their tax exempt status should have been revoked the moment they made that deal. Wonder what his flock will call COVID-19 when they eulogize their family members that they killed in order to go see a washed up millionaire clamber for his last frantic grasps of the lime light.
As someone who just ordered parts for my first completely new computer in a decade and all of them came in two days except the PSU which I am told will come between July 2nd and July 10th... I feel personally attacked.
I think the implication is the cop should have known better how to subdue a suspect without killing him, except now we are seeing just how common a tactic that is. They mentioned his profession because it was pertinent to the situation. It would not be with a mailman. But if a mailman was caught stealing packages from someone's porch, you can bet they would have said "Off-duty mailman caught stealing packages".
If you watch the end of his Tulsa rally he preemptively blaming Biden for stuff. If he wins then money won't be worth anything. If he wins then your life savings will be gone. If he wins you lose all your rights, lose your guns, your children will all be aborted. On and on and on.
Heh, thanks. I need to translate that hard work into finding another place to do it.
Letting him stay will be worse.
And some are even going the other way. A friend's mom is a rabid Trump support, but she was taking COVID seriously. Telling people to stay at home and wear masks in public. Her daughter almost died twice from pneumonia and has trouble with her lungs still, so she's really susceptible. Now she's part of the anti-mask crowd and making fun of people for wearing them, calling it a hoax. Trump ignoring it is working. People see life continuing as normal, or at least the illusion of it, and think that it's over or was never a problem to begin with. Like you said, they're just ignoring the science and the numbers. For people who, by and large, like to say you need to have faith in things you can't see, they sure like to play the other side of that coin when it comes to this.
You really think a doctor can just go out and perform surgery off the clock? Sure, they can help someone in an emergency situation, but so can a cop. They can't just go off and start practicing medicine in the back of a nightclub on the side, though.
They've been doing that the whole time. How many positions are still left unfilled after all the firing he's done in the past 4 years?
Can't believe I had to come this far down for someone to mention him. There must be a game on television in the corner or something.
Care to show me that, because I don't see anything about it.
The freaking District Attorney of two counties near me in North Carolina posted a lengthy diatribe on Facebook which was basically a handbook on how to avoid wearing a mask and encouraging people in her counties to do just that. There was emphasis on the reasons you can give for not wearing a mask and the fact that you do not need to provide proof of those reasons in all caps. At the end she even went so far to say that she does not plan to enforce or prosecute any violations. This is what we're dealing with.
Pages that have been ripped and put into pdfs from the site of the infamous hacker 4chan.
I think it could go quite a few ways. One way I see Pence going, if this happened, is to try to fix the black eyes and broken legs and collapsed lung and feeble arms that Trump has given to the Republican party. Pence is a career politician. If he can at least try to look like the good guy who was just drug through the mud and is trying to make things right then he has a chance, if not to be elected for a full term as president, to at least not be ostracized completely from Washington. Trump isn't a career politician. This ends for him and he goes back to being an illusion of the American ideal of the rich real estate magnate... at least until he's thrown in jail. But he has no political career to worry about which is why I think he has been such a loose cannon. He's just dug himself a lot deeper than I think he meant to. Or he could just double down and try to out-Trump Trump...
That's what I figure he does. If he does it, I think he'd do it while still in office. He's already set a precedent of not allowing anyone with him into meetings with people like Putin. It wouldn't be strange, at least for him, to make further demands like that and then just vanish. I think, though, that he thought 2016 was also hopeless. I don't think he expected to win, nobody did. He may just stick it out hoping for another upset. It's really difficult to say what he'll do because it probably won't be anything that makes any sense. I do think we should be watching his foreign trips very closely, though, the closer we get to November without his numbers improving significantly.
Yup. "The Customer is Always Right" was this little kitschy thing for a while. Something you saw on a sign hanging next to the exit from the break room. It was just a "Do your best customer service." thing. Eventually it got out to the customers and they started demanding it. Then, stupidly, the stores began to make it policy instead of just a motivational sign. So you have about 20 years of customers making demands, 20 years of people who don't get paid enough having to stand up to them because they have no power to make calls like that, and 20 years of management immediately giving in to the demands when it escalates because they don't want to deal with it. Not to mention 20 years of the poor front line worker getting in trouble, thrown under the bus, and made to look stupid when what they told the customer is so easily reversed. It's little wonder people act like this, and it's a culture that needs to change. It won't be pretty, though.
Then you realize it matches the circles around his eyes which are the only part of him (that we usually see, thank God) that isn't orange, so that's his natural skin color.
Some glitter is made of seaweed, so make sure you look into whether they say what kind they use before discounting them. I make bath bombs and use seaweed glitter in one of mine. It costs more, but like you said... plastic glitter is not a good thing.
Yeah, this is one of my vote by mail worries. Also ballots just getting lost. I'll feel better casting mine in person, but I think I'll still request a mail ballot just to thumb my nose at them a bit.
http://www.intothewellshop.com/
I hope he's setting up a "Quit before I'm fired." scenario. I'm sure he can spin it so his followers think it's an awesome middle finger to the establishment or something. I doubt he'd do it, but it honestly wouldn't surprise me if he did.
I know one trumpet player. He's an asshole.
He's actively telling people *not* to wear masks, not just not telling them to. He's also stealing the money that should go to funding all of this stuff, paying it out to companies that didn't exist weeks ago for PPE that doesn't exist at all. On top of outbidding states on PPE and flat out taking it from them to turn around and sell to friends who then turn around and sell it back to the states at marked up prices. He's silencing scientists, not even giving them a chance to say anything to discredit. And he's actively telling his base not to take it seriously, that it's a hoax and the only reason it looks bad is due to testing.
Are you wanting tips or to show how insane the people in our government are being?
I'm a guy and do this, too. It's frustrating.
There's nothing supporting that at all, yet. Which shocked the hell out of me. I thought the protests would make cases skyrocket, but it was for a good cause. No, all of what we're seeing now is from states opening too early and people not wearing masks or social distancing because they're either selfish or stupid. Oh, and here's a little advice. If you don't want to be seen as immediately having an agenda, you might not want to use the word riots. That pretty much gives your game away right off. The riots happened over a span of two days at the beginning of mostly peaceful protests, on the side of the protesters anyway, that have been going on for more than a month. Calling them riots just makes you look silly.
They proved no such thing. Most protesters were wearing masks and outdoors. Things like Trump's rally will tell us how bad large gathering really are in the next couple weeks.
I got lucky with 16 on the second go. Everything after that I was lucky to hit anything higher than 8.
&gt; Burr... Since when are you a Democratic Republican? &gt; Since being one put me on the up and up again. Hell, even Trump has changed his party affiliation five times. "In 1999, Trump changed his party affiliation to the Independence Party of New York. In August 2001, Trump changed his party affiliation to Democratic. In September 2009, Trump changed his party affiliation back to the Republican Party. In December 2011, Trump changed to "no party affiliation" (independent). In April 2012, Trump again returned to the Republican Party."
Well, now there are no "What ifs..." about what would have happened if those armed protesters in Michigan were black. And this guy wasn't even storming any government buildings.
\*rimshot\*
I imagine if they were doing this for one of his movies that they have plenty of film focused on the crowd, too. Not that it will change their minds. Like you said, people have been taught not to believe what they're seeing right in front of them.
You mean beyond the two days of it we had over a month ago? Or are you one of the ones implying the entire month of peaceful protests should be categorized that way in an attempt to rile people up? Oh wait... no, sorry. You're one of the people that fell for it and got riled up. It all makes sense now. Keep on pushing that Trump win, though. I would hate for everyone chomping at the bit to vote him out to get complacent and it helps to have people like you give them a prod every now and again.
Numbers are hard, I guess.
Probably more scared that he'll die of it if he drinks than any sort of principled stance.
Pretty ironic since he would have so much trouble actually drinking one.
The press secretary does it, why not them as well. The other day she "answered" almost every question with, "Look at Joe Biden!"
They need to at least risk it by being blatantly involved in politics. Hold a rally, make a donation, speak out in support of someone... all of that should remove the tax exempt status of individual churches. There should probably also be a limit on how big your congregation can be. These megachurches aren't churches. They're entertainment venues.
There's the real silent majority.
We never reopened gyms, bars, and theaters in North Carolina but the governor just gave a date of July 17th. Which sucks because they have no idea what is going to be happening in 3 weeks and the last time they gave a date like that they held to it even though they shouldn't have. I don't understand why these people think COVID works on deadlines and schedules.
I saw someone flying six flags from his truck the other day. Two Trump, Two American Flags, then a Thin Blue Line flag and a Thin Red Line flag. I thought the firefighter one was kind of out of place, but I guess I see how wrong I was now.
That wall of wanted posters on his feed was unreal. I was honestly shocked that he didn't provide horribly vulgar commentary with each one.
I'm more embarrassed that he's still the president and has a good chance of winning again. Everyone can make mistakes, but him still being in office after 2 years of his BS is inexcusable. Him having a chance to win and go for another 4 years is unconscionable.
Well.. his uncle *was* in nuclear.
It's like just a step up from her coming onstage with a model volcano and some baking soda.
No longer an amateur wrestler, the outfit he was with apparently closed down.
That was my first thought, too. The only real wildcard here is the sauce, but I put chocolate in my chili all the time.
