/r/Qult_Headquarters/
Metal illness in the wild.
There are tens of thousands.
Well that was a fun 15 seconds.
When Watson gets sacked I say "no."
Edelman or Diggs Help me get this 🍞
All I want for Christmas is for Facebook Portal to be a catastrophic failure
&gt; Cover 2 "WHOA WHOA WHOA TAKE IT EASY LOMBARDI" Ridiculous
RG3 IN
Nut going long
Well hes still a multi millionaire, with a super bowl ring, that could get a $5,000,000/yr job tomorrow, so dont feel *too* bad for him
Gumby was, in fact, not bout it.
RIP
Well, after reading what you type, I see how *you* would think he is intelligent. I'm sure that a goldfish would think my dog is a genius, too.
Teas for everyone! 🥃
..which was a joke about collect calls
Podcasts!
This must be an intern?
Please baby jesus do not let me regret benching Tarik for Fournette again
He's the Samson of Shit
I cant believe I knew Tarik would be better than Fournette this week, but then I trusted the "experts"
Troy Aikman looks like he just inhaled a live seagull
&gt; me every Friday, Saturday, and Sunday morning
What did he say?
That username lol
Maybe Clowney, but only if he went for the poop-dread.
Nah because he's going to break through the first line every time. You have to just contain him from getting to the sideline, and then hope you can throw enough bodies at him and clog him up.
&gt; there's no reason to ever listen to over the air radio for music or entertainment. Besides masochism
Like your mom ^^^ayyyyyyyy ^^^just ^^^kidding ^^^mate ^^^^I ^^^^had ^^^^to
As well as 100 million Americans.
I would be. Take the L and fix the mistakes. Not every election you lose is stolen. 🙄
The worst. My favorite thing? Running until I do structural damage to my knees, I convulse in the bathtub all night, and I piss peanut butter. That's when I know I made it.
Meh Joe's standup is pretty funny. Especially in person. While people here like to shit on Joe, most people have to admit one thing about him. The man has an Iron Will. He's not naturally all that funny, but he makes himself a premier comedian, as well as other things, due to sheer dedication and grit. I'd love to see any of you morons do that.
Prove votes were changed.
Hey man, I'm not saying it's great system. I'm saying it wasnt stolen.
Where are all of the people? I thought it was packed at all times? Should I keep some hope alive?
&gt; Red 7 means a hot route. They are blitzing. Get in your playbook! 😂 Good shit. So hard to hate the guy
Trump people. One just got out of jail, of course.
Bro vanilla ice cream is solid all the time. I've had some whack brownies. I'm going nilla cream. Sorry JJ
Ok buddy 🙄
If we cant crush the Colts today I dont expect to go deep into the playoffs 😓
This sub is the sports equivalent to /r/wallstreetbets
It used to not suck so bad. So many fuckin pricks in that subreddit now that it's so big. The general public fucks everything up.
They ran into a stellar defense.
Shit!
Lucky boi
Also, Texas should have at *least* 3 pro teams.
Probably only took an hour and a half to come out too.
I, for one, am shocked that people will do things for money, and that hiding the source of that money might be a conflict of national interest. Literally nobody could have seen that coming. ^^^^/s
And now they are political. Scary.
Adams!
I'd go Landry. If not for the miracle play, Drake would have had a horrible game, and KC is going hard RBBC
Also that Trump lies every fuckin week. Buy hey that dude lied 20 years ago 🙄
Sorry, but your 5-10 year timetable to move beyond gas is *extremely* aggressive.
It's very unrealistic.
I'm sorry, where does it say in that article that we're moving away from gas in 5-10 years?
I like them. Ove never understood the whole "sight pollution" thing.
Keep trying. You're suffering.
Oh man that would be magical. Maybe some day
I just meditate until mine goes away. 👍
Bless 'em!
&gt;And it's like Keenum's kryptonite. Dude just melts from those Can confirm. Keenum has always had trouble with it. Love the dude but we had the same problem with him.
What's that last one?
&gt;can’t be legal? Like, dude you have an army of lawyers. If it's illegal, sue them. But nah, just bitch and moan on twitter like a 12 year old I guess. The alpha move.
**F**
👨‍🍳 COOKS PLZ 👨‍🍳
And other communities being banned would have nowhere near the backlash that TD would. Come on. Everyone downvoting is playing team politics. Its just business you idiots
A VEHICLE IS A FISCALLY IRRESPONSIBLE GIFT
It doesnt matter. They both violate ToS, and they both exist for the same reason. The backlash.
Hmm what am I doing today? Let me check my schedule: 𓀐𓂸 𓀐𓂸 𓀐𓂸
I agree, but we still have to figure this shit out. Might as well buy some time so we can.
Yeah but Austin has more.
It's a but frightening tbh.
And they are here to kill Reddit now
Trump doesnt "drop Q phrases." Q flings tons of shit at a wall and sometimes it sticks. It also helps that Trumps speech pattern is so predictable.
I found out that I have QAnon nutjobs in my family this year at Thanksgiving. So disappointing.
/r/windowseat
Meh its fair
It's odd that news stations keep giving him a platform to lie to them and the American public. Its literally every time. Can we stop already?
1.3+ million subscribers.
https://www.thedailybeast.com/trump-ramped-up-drone-strikes-in-americas-shadow-wars
JJ, just another thing you and I have in common!
I known right? It only makes sense to hang out.
&gt; I don't understand, how does he have time for substance abuse, could he have had some kind of watchdog with him most of the time to help him out? Isn't it just fucking weed too? Like bro pot is great and all but you know what is better? Putting that ish on pause and getting tens of millions of dollars. You got 50 years after this you can do whatever the fuck you want. Crazy.
From your lips to gods ears..
Yikes
It's not really silly when one side is overwhelmingly in favor and one isn't.
I seriously doubt that. Too much Jesus.
FUCKIN CONFIRMED LETS GET THIS BREAD 🍞
Or galvanized...
Despite rolling with them all year until now, I got cute and benched Baltimore for Indy defense. Am I retard
Baltimore D riding pretty on my bench. *fuck*....
I have. So why do people think Colts are better?
Yeah -17 from Chubb would be tight
Oh thank God a Diggs TD. Now I wont hate losing so much
Clear hold by Kelce
So glad I didnt listen to this sub and start Colts D. The shit I hear sometimes... 🙄
In Philly, if you have 32 teeth you're in
Shit.. Brown is powering up
Where the fuck is REEK
Kamara is a fuckin bull 🐃 That's why they had to put a nose ring on him
Start your studs folks.
KAMARA TAKE MY MOUTH
This subreddit is so much better when all of the plebs get knocked out of the playoffs 😎
Yeah but then they fly Verizon banners on your windows wtf is with that
Kamaras arm tape is so great to see if hes in
Congrats champ!
Balance the equation. Fake tits &gt; Fake ass ~~Fake~~ tits &gt; ~~Fake~~ ass Tits &gt; ass
Then he should do a lot more than just resign with a snarky letter.
None of his high ranking officials that have left have really come out and brought the heat. Mattis has been silent in the media this far, and he will forever. Too much of a duty man.
I doubt it. Most people dont read. Even fewer are in the middle. Even fewer read political books. If Mattis feels like Trump is the danger that he is. Hold a press conference. Say it. And cut the shit. Dont hide in volumes of partisan text.
Ah, well to me fake isnt negative. Hence the confusion.
I need a small, acute meteor to hit the Chiefs sideline at a sharp angle angle. Small enough to fracture and IR Mahomes and Hill, but not enough to cause a game stoppage or major media attention.
RELEASE MEEEE
I hate that Russell Wilson has a financial impact on my life right now.
This next flatscreen TV in my house brought to you by: Ertz, Kamara, and JuJu
Twice a day I dont have autism
RELEASE ME
You're not getting it mate.
Can we say Sike too?
Or writing his inaugural address on a blank sheet with a sharpie?
Unfortunately, it's most likely that no member of the Trump family will ever see the inside of a jail cell.
&gt;(Do kids at Tony private schools do well because the school is good or because the kids have smart parents and a stable home life? Or, because of affluent networking opportunities presented to them later in life? I've thought the same thing. My cousin and I are relatively the same age, but she was enrolled in the best private schools her entire life, and went to a top tier university, fully paid for. I bounced around schools due to a broken home for my entire life, fumbled into college and ran out of money and had to stop going. I didnt have the support structure to know about loans and scholarship opportunities, and I was frankly burned out from having to work. She got into a great career right out of college, working for one of her friends parents who own a huge company, and I eventually have figured things out, but my road to success is much longer. Was it her exposure, her network, or her skills? Perhaps a combination.
Its hardly a game worth playing if only one side goes by the rules.
So.. all white men have a bad name, because Republicans?
Yes it is.
Yeah that's going on my next birthday "to-do" for sure
Aka a "Dependapotamus"
Dude wears the freshest clothes, and goes to the chillest restaurants
Ah, it's this again. *scroll* *scroll* *scroll* *scroll*
I wish they would stop that too
I expected the Jets to get steamrolled and yet I'm still disappointed
Why are we talking about Jake Locker
Are you playing the Whattaboutism card?
Saquan first overall next year idgaf
That Carter joke was sicc
Good try Ramsey.
Fuckit, let a put another 7 on them for that last offseason.
Sounds about right
Sad that regular season is almost over. Happy that playoffs are starting But now sad again that playoffs mean football is almost over.
And so did JJ
What in the fuck is that subreddit lol
That's a strong metaphor
I didnt he fucking beat us
One of the worst here fam, thanks
When the Bills move to Toronto you'll understand
Vinatieri is the AFC Horcrux. When he dies, the Colts and Pats lose their power. See you fuckers in 2100
You have no empathy, and you dont understand hardship. Stop being a boil on societies ass, and realize that your parents failed you. You need to learn empathy, boy. You're embarrassing everyone around you.
The letter jackets were dope.
False. Skirt steak. Fajitas.
It also gets annoying when someone proofs you to death. Sometimes they are banking on the fact that most of the time people couldn't give a fuck about hunting down a source for every statement they make, especially as one as obvious as "Trump is a liar." If someone's head is that deep into the sand that its the first time they are hearing about it... how much time do you want to waste on them?
Not for years
*Zero*? Did all of those people go to jail with zero evidence? Thats so weird!
Kind of like James Coney Island (or JCI Grill as they church it up now). Ill eat it maybe once every 18 months. The first bite will be nostalgic, but then I'll regret it.
How does making Americans pay more for shit stop people from fleeing a terribe scenario? I cant wait for the typical BIT backflip in logic.
And then theres the minority who think that because they cant understand an issue, it doesnt exist 🙄🙄🙄 And then they vote republican because they dont use big scary words and say mean things about america
Trump fucked a pornstar rawdog while his wife was pregnant, at least once, lied about it dozens of times, and then paid her thousands of dollars to shut up so that he could con people into thinking he gave a shit about family values. And Biden is awkward around girls. Come on. Youre not that dumb are you?
But Trump told me that mexico was going to pay for that wall, so it shouldnt be a problem, right? You still didnt address how taxing Americans stops people from coming over
Awesome
It's so easy to choose what side to be on..
Are they, though?
Yeah, what happened to his tax returns? Didn't he have 7 days to turn them over.. like 14 days ago?
So after next week when Comey isnt arrested? Youll have another excuse? All that other shit is just conjecture or minor events shoehorned into "bigger things" you think are happening. A president met with our allies- must be Q! Lol. More trade bullshit that's been going on since he got elected! The baby eating is about to stop! I thought Hillary was going to jail? That was the first Q prediction. How much longer of these people walking free do you need to realize that it might just be a LARP?
When you make the (outrageous) claim, its on you to prove. That's how the real world works. If I told you a magical teapot was going to make it rain dildos soon, that would be on me to defend. Qs first prediction was that Hillary was on her way to GITMO and that basically every other major democrat is going to be hung for eating babies or whatever. 2 years and nada. Now you all are grabbing at literally anything to shoehorn into a Q "drop" (shitpost) so you can try to justify all of this wasted time. Trump met with our biggest ally? Must be Q. Google has an outage? Definitely Q. Its all coming soon, right? Its not coming. Youre wasting your time, and no doubt isolating yourself from your friends and family. Its not too late to come back to the light. RemindMe! 10 days We'll talk again after Comey isnt arrested, and see what path you decide to take.
Just sad, man. See you in 10 days.
No no they don't actually have to have ideas. They just say "Vote for us- we'll repeal it and replace it with something better!" Details are unnecessary apparently.
"Okay, I guess I need to run to the liquor store too. Be right back."
Sad, scared little people.
And yet.. nobody is bitching about *that* 🤔
Love it, mean it.
Schizophrenia. Unfortunately it's attracting other crazies.
Lol no youre just another sideshow at the circus
Like a jet engine
/r/windowseat
Join us enthusiasts at /r/windowseat!
orange fan sad :(
This bar in Calgary all cheered 😞
Loses their mind about sodomy. Says nothing about the handful of other commandments the moron breaks regularly
He would have Republicans. Democrats fall in love. Republicans fall in line. I'm convinced they could put up a goldfish and it would get 80 million votes for not being a democrat.
He said in the interview that they issued instructions to *only* fly the US Flag. During Pride. Put 2 and 2 together dude.
💀 THE DANKENING 💀
...and then she lost because Democrats stayed home. Keep up.
Im ok with the $500. What I'm not ok with is passing up all of the other $500 dinners I have yet to try on my way out to fucking Kemah.
People travel for Michelin Stars. This does not have that. Location matters.
That wasnt the point I was arguing
Doesn't refute my point. I would have to pass up 3-4 other restaurants on the same level as this on my way to Kemah. Location matters.
Or I could just not buy that car and be able to move around on my own schedule
sir..
HAH Youve made this LARP such a cornerstone of your life that you cant do it. Of course we all knew you'd never be able to man up, but I'm still disappointed. Add Comey to the ever growing List of People Who Were Totally Going To Be Arrested.
&gt; I deserve this pain, this anger, this hollow void of darkness and despair. I hate myself so much right now. I don’t deserve to have an opinion on anything anymore, no one should ever listen to anything I have to say, I should be shunned and ridiculed relentlessly, I should be made an example of, a warning to others of everything a thinking, rational, intelligent human being shouldn’t do I'm glad you were able to break out, and I'm sure its embarrassing, but this mindset isnt really a healthy one either. You need something wholesome to attach yourself to, and maybe talk to a pro about this massive self hate. Also, maybe you can help other people get out of the Qult. Godspeed
Eating up a conmans lies to own the libs
Hey look, youre misinterpreting things again. Shocker. Nope. Sure, there are bad people. Pizza doesnt mean anything. Q isnt real. There isnt a vast leftwing pedo conspiracy. There probably is a pedo conspiracy, but it surrounds Epstein, who Trump was also buddies with. Doesnt have anything to do with 4chan, Q, etc. Just rich people doing fucked up shit. You're being trolled.
Yeah but a 50/50 shot at a ring every year?
Am I the only one who doesnt consider a windmill a blight on my eyes? Its a little spinning white thing. Better than a flared out oil rig.
Seriously thats pretty bullshit. Downvoters putting feels over reals 🙄
It's just for a fake justification for war on Iran. Fucking bullshit. Fake people calling real news fake. Get these fucks out.
Honestly, you put too much into this.
Oh you respond to him not me eh? Man up.
The only repercussions the state should levy are those based on crimes. Otherwise they shouldnt have a moral hammer to swing.
So?
Point still stands..
I want DATES. Lol
NASA Level 9 tour. Not cheap, but the coolest thing to do during the week.
You do...
I think they just dont want trump rage tweeting shit about reddit tbh
The *really* dumb people are the ones who will vote for him again.
System of a Down
Yep they have a good kick. Takes me 3 rounds to get the bag down lol
I mean id like to think that too, and I love /r/trumpgrets, but nothing is for sure until it is
Very. You can't just go adding stuff to planes without massive amounts of testing, verification, and approvals.
Also, *why*?
He may be an isolationist, but his narcissism is stronger. He will do whatever it takes to elevate himself, including war.
This is just a show. &gt;Mr. Trump has pledged to veto the legislation, and it is unlikely that either chamber could muster enough support to override the president’s veto So, most of them don't have the balls to actually go against him when it matters.
Nope: &gt;Mr. Trump has pledged to veto the legislation, and it is unlikely that either chamber could muster enough support to override the president’s veto
It's not everything, but it was certainly the narrative the russians were pushing. Hillary had a policy. Meanwhile Trump rage tweets that Iran will face "CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED." Tell me which is more level headed.
I wasn't ok with it then, and I'm not ok with it now. And now it is a Republican exclusive thing, isnt it?
Thats not true. Look at the approvals for bombing syria
Jesus christ
Maybe Trump should chill the fuck out on Iran too. Maybe stop pulling out of previous agreements and threatening devastation on Twitter.
It helps when you build up a thick anti-downvote carapace 😎
Upvoted
Ruining your democracy to own the libs
Cant do the digital. Too much computer.
Cabot and Tillamook. God-tier cheeses.
Whats the matter bud?
Sucks that all of us just accept that, instead of voting to change it.
Word this dude is a turd
Usually misery loves company
Hey dumbass, youre a minority with that opinion. Not just in the US. But even moreso globally. Youre on the wrong side of history.
Or Chrysler 300
Make it free and easy to acquire. If that happens, everyone is for voter IDs.
Thanksgiving sucks. Just watch football
Back when WSB was good they would have banned faggots like you
Its true. They somehow manage to loop every benign convo into Q bullshit
Make more friends.
Bet him money!
You actually did compare it. Come back when you can defend that, and we'll move to the next point
Hi there Roy! The end of 2019 is here! How about them goalposts? &gt;As I said a few comments ago, we will touch base after the New Year or sooner based upon IG Horowitz’s 2.0 FISA report (not the Confidential Informant report that may be released prior to FISA).
Hey Roy, Do they have a reddit account? Does it get old being wrong all of the time? Youd think this champion of the "greatest military operation in history" would provide some decent Intel even once? When you say "soon", is that like in a few *years* (it's been 3)? Is that in 2019? This winter, hopefully? Maybe sometime in January? How many more thousands of babies would you be ok with Trump letting get eaten?
Still boggles my mind.
It's simply not. Fox built an entire business out of outrage. Remember tan suits, the war on Christmas (even trump still brings this up), Kaepernick, vegetables in school lunches, Starbucks red cups, etc etc? Let's not even try to compare "not my president" to "Obama is a Kenyan muslim" guy that yall elected. And "fuck the police"? That's 30 years old, and I'd say a little justified considering how many innocent people cops killed (and continue to kill) back in the day. Get a grip dude
Oh you know they will!
&gt;crazy how RATM is the only literal big name in the lineup Bro you've been a little out of it for 20 years it seems
Just did yesterday. Pretty worth so far.
Just here to endorse the Level 9 Tour at NASA. Coolest thing to do in Htown imho
Also new reddit sucks
Not worth the tradeoff imo. Flairs are great and all but that's not why I'm here
FULL ON
Love me some Deshaundre Wapkins
I'm still mad at the Bills for The Comeback, so...
Amazing how limpdick our offense is without Fuller V 😒
How is everyone in here straight baffled that the camera would pan to the face of the franchise anytime something big happens? It ain't rocket science you couch taters.
Playoff gamthreads vs reg season gamethreads are night and day. All of the January fans come in 🙄
Good game, seriously. Win the division next year plz
Clutch.
Hes a walking boomer Facebook meme. Anti legalization of weed because it's a "gateway". Wants to spend tens of billions on a wall. Muh Israel and war. Is a SEAL. Got offended when someone on SNL made fun of him. Etc etc
Felt like an eon
Must be hard for you having a good QB in the division
😶
Yep, like a president being impeached and staring down the barrel of a trial
This was actually a revenge game for The Comeback, which was also Houston vs Buffalo
I'm still shocked by this. It has been over a decade and it still jars me when I see/hear it. And I live in Texas.
What is a Taysom Hill
🚜🚜🚜
Doubt it pretty hard but upvoted because it felt good to read
Bit of a stretch isn't it mate?
You can still watch them with us at /r/Qult_headquarters
Or that Kaepernick isn't protesting the right way
Kind of irrelevant
Because that's not a two-way communication method
She could also just stare at the sky and get more meaningful information.
Money too
I have, and it doesn't. You'll notice they dont even talk about abolishing it in those places. Dont be ignorant
The fringe right is talking about privatizing *part* of it. No serious leadership is discussing abolishing it. Maybe read up yourself.
Haha I can hear it. The worst is when the roles are reversed, and I call it out, they panic, and jump to the left wildly wtf
Man you somehow made cutting up fish sound romantic lol
off*
Ehh in my neighborhood it's nice. They keep the house and just re-do it. I see a lot of those townhomes that aren't great, but I'm loving the new restaurants and nightlife that it's bringing, and it's doing wonders for my property value. Also it's getting safer from what I've seen over the past 8 years.
Don't forget some occasional unsolicited racism!
It's funny because that generation spent a decade telling us not to believe anything we read on the internet, and now they believe *everything* on the internet. Except Snopes, Wikipedia, and Google, of course.
All well and good for the small percentage of people who a) use FB and b) apply what you said. Unfortunately the majority of it's users simply take what they see as fact, and FB also lets companies *intentionally influence* the most gullible of us. Hence the radicalization of millions of people and the unfortunate rise of "fake news" (the original meaning). The recent outcry for some fact checking or honesty is people just urging FB to be good stewards of their now realized societal responsibility, instead of putting profits over the good of the community. As a public company, I don't expect them to, I am only elaborating on the sentiments I am seeing.
&gt; “Did I catch you at a bad time?” is a great way to open with a human approach rather than a cold pitch. I'd tweak that to just tell them you need a couple of minutes. If you ask this question you're going to get a lot of the bad kind of "yes".
Can you teleport?
It's smoked and salted herring, for the lazy
Good /r/windowseat pic
yo why are yall downvoting this man
You mean where the CIA said they didn't have any evidence about WMDs, nor that the meetings between Atta and Iraq happened? The intelligence community didn't ratfuck us into that war, the GOP administration did. Learn. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2019/3/20/18274228/ari-fleischer-iraq-lies-george-w-bush-wmds
Just win baby.
Its frustrating. Either you believe the democrats are rampantly eating babies and Trump isnt doing anything to stop it, or they arent and this is all just a larp. Otherwise why wouldnt you be infuriated that nothing has happened? Well, either way thatll be another piece of jello I can try to nail to the wall in eleven months.
Dry January was stupid :(
Probably doing a speed run to sell the acct
I mean I dont want yall to win at all but the collapse of the Ravens is hilarious
God, no.
I dont like AirBnb, sorry. I tried a a couple of cheesesteaks and a steakhouse. Just not that I to it I guess. Dirty downtown too from what I saw
And the Ravens
This is the way.
I am still terrified wtf.
CAME TO PLAY MY GUY
Lol @ everyone claiming game over with 3 quarter's left.
😄🔫
I'm mostly sad that we most likely wont get JJ a ring :/
Pretty embarrassing. No respect because we havent earned it. Yeah we win every now and then against the Pat's or in primetime, but until we can go deep..
Fuck that
I wasnt even celebrating at 24-0, I've seen this before, but I am still flabbergasted as to how we let 7 TDs go through. Simply terrible. KC is the better team and they have the better coach, but I didnt expect them to lay down and die like that. Pretty shitty considering our rivals are in the AFC Champ game next weekend. we dont have any first round draft picks until 2022, Watson only has a couple more years until he fucks our cap up, and we're most likely going to send Watt into retirement without a ring unless we can figure something out quick. Quite the shame. At least I get my Sundays back :/
Sorry about your nanna
I would like to learn more.
Like... Vote or Die? Need some P Diddy again?
Yeah for fucking things up.
Yep, he fucked up by listening to the loud twitter minority
28-3 would be worse I suppose, but yeah it hurt
It's been a rough 24 hours to be a Houston sports fan, and really a tough year in general. I don't know why I'm not used to it by now.
25 year drought broken just to have it tainted. That's pretty bad. Especially for a major city.
Ugh me too it blows
I am not a democrat. I don't believe in political sports teams. I also don't believe that both sides are the same, since that has been proven over and over again to be bullshit. Yes they are both packed with wealthy elites, but they aren't the same.
But I have a very lucrative business opportunity for you!
/r/cripplingalcoholism
Waiting tables (which is very different than fast food) was just an example. Low barrier for entry, cash tips, lots of job availability, etc. Hell, you could be a receptionist and still make $30k. What I'm saying is that it shouldn't be hard to double or triple your income almost overnight from where you are right now.
Thank you. This is the most effective way to combat this brainwashing I think. Everyone should look at this thread and learn how to use the Socratic method. You can't push these people into reason, you have to walk them through it.
Tastes like shit lol
Unfortunately I don't think any member of the Trump family will ever see the inside of a jail cell. I wouldn't get your hopes up. Nothing has stuck so far.
I mean it kinda is considering it happens a dozen times a day. I expect the most powerful man in the world to be able to effectively communicate. Barack Obama said 57 states one time ten years ago and a million morons can't stop bringing it up.
H Town hol it down
He can barely communicate.
I mean I can rattle off a longer list of his failures too, but that won't change your mind. I said barely, because it seems he can atleast communicate well enough to con people like yourself into thinking hes intelligent. But most Americans, and the rest of the world for that matter, can spot his deficiencies from a mile away. You watch him speak and you think that's a smart man? Fascinating. I guess some people equate wealth and popularity with intelligence, but that's simply not a causation.
Kinda weird how that's usually the case..
I already did
Nope
Classic trademark of a cult.
And to touch on the "project" aspect- Trump has some child-raping skeletons 👀
Typical. You're bouncing around arguing in bad faith and aborting every thread where you get shut down. Not an ounce of anything learned, just a sharp U-turn anytime your feelings dont feel good.
"If he stops meddling" What exactly are you talking about here?
Hilarious. So I assume you'll be voting against Trump?
Especially when a carrier saunters through an airport. How many times a day do you touch your phone? Guess what? Most people are putting their phone on the TSA and gate phone scanners. Sick people.
"I'd rather be silent than whisper!"
Houston here. Under water sucks pretty bad lol
Like 49ers bottoms. Wait..
Come visit /r/SpringBranch too! Much quieter. Well, when shit's not explodin'
These senators dont care about facts. Having him as a witness makes it look more relevant.
Menu: (k) for keto option https://i.imgur.com/dCUQf1K.jpg
Yep that's too bad
I get not much religious stuff, but like waaaaayyyyyy more racist shit than I expected.
They got hacked.
Fox and Facebook
Coolest thing to do in Houston. 100%
Tax returns, tho..
Yep not as good as troy but just seems to play like him.
Oh stfu I'd take a frog over Trump. Hemming and hawing about the democrats not having your choice candidate is how we got into this nightmare. Dont be part of the problem. Blue no matter who in 2020. Send a message. Restore our integrity.
50 million Americans think he is the second coming of jesus. If he says the elections werent fair and he won, you think those people pack it up and change their minds?
I dont think so, but I hope you're right. The tea party didnt have this messiah complex headed by a narcissist.
I feel terrible for his family. Awful stuff. RIP Mamba and his daughter
Yeah they wont respond to me lol
Well that's the most depressing thing I've heard today.
I'm sorry I thought this was live and not from 2010? This lawyer keeps talking about Obama for some reason?
Which would totally suck. Seeing them is a bucket list thing for me but come on guys I'm not going to leave my family, take days off of my schedule, spend a thousand bucks, all to hope they show up. Come the fuck on guys. Protests require organization too.
Never underestimate the stupidity of the general population
Cool we only have to endure this bullshit another few decades! yeehaw..
He's alright with the white ones.
10 years of Obama being on camera every day, and the only examples I ever see get brought up is the "if-if-if-if-if" and the "57 states" thing. This is after the right put that guy under a fucking microscope for shit like spicy mustard and a tan suit. Trump goes on camera and damn near shits his pants on a weekly basis over 3 years. Obama had a couple of gaffes in more than a decade. There is no comparing the two.
10 years of Obama being on camera every day, and the only examples I ever see get brought up is the "if-if-if-if-if" and the "57 states" thing. Is that all the right has? This is after the right put that guy under a fucking microscope for shit like spicy mustard and a tan suit. Trump goes on camera and damn near shits his pants on a weekly basis over 3 years. He fucks up regularly trying to even *read* teleprompters. Rammed the ramparts? Obama had a couple of gaffes in more than a decade. There is no comparing the two.
Can confirm.
And yet when he does, it's a still [a shitshow](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/jul/05/flight-of-fancy-trump-claims-1775-revolutionary-army-took-over-airports).
Yeah I think everyone is overreacting tbh
Google trump hurricane sharpie..
The real Surge
Love BBs
Where's the best place to park? I guess Uber since it's a 1 way march?
No he doesn't dude it's just further division. That's not leadership.
Anything I should know before ordering online?
I'm gonna give online ordering a shot.
Those are ammo sizes. The guns are mostly bought up as well from what I have seen in stores. Lots of empty shelves still. Have been for months.
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1266354084036194306
Give 60 $500 blowjobs
&gt;[November 3rd] Too far away. If you are a Patriot kindly lose ego &amp; get Obama to talk to his looters bc our country is on fire TODAY. I voted for you &amp; I know only Obama on FREE #ABC TV can talk them down. Not on $300 a month CNN. PLEASE. What in the hell is this person going on about. How can they be so wrong about everything?
Using religion to push totalitarianism. So. Clear.
/r/liberalgunowners
Did I say this was the only thing?
Terrible neckbeard tho lol come on dude trim that shit up
And they are actually hard plastic and break the skin more often than not. I bet cops wouldn't be so cavalier if they caught one in the grill back.
I am applauding him and am harmlessly poking fun. It's almost as if I can do both at the same time. Calm down.
A *feeling*? You mean the man who would stop at nothing to remain the most powerful man in history, and who has tied his success to the DOW number, might do whatever it takes to get that number higher in an election year? Holy shit your EQ is off the charts.
&gt; I understand almost nothing about stock markets. Well yeah this is wsb
This was priced in for sure
I would say it did, it's just that the results aren't tangible. There's no telling how many millions of people that image inspired.
&gt; He is one of the few people who could truly land a harmful broadside to Trump. Meh we'll see. Already have seen "Mattis is deepstate and gay" around reddit. At this point there are ~42% of Americans who have tied their entire identity around the new york conman and they cannot be saved. He was honest one time that I can see, in that he could murder someone and not lose a supporter. We can't focus on changing any more minds, we just have to motivate the remaining 58% of sane people to actually go pull the lever in November.
/r/liberalgunowners
Hey dingus name another person in history with this much military might at his or her fingertips.
Git em
YES
Ok good I thought I was missing something. If my holosun dies or breaks off somehow I think I have bigger problems than needing a backup.
&gt; Right now I think cops all over the US are under a greater amount of scrutiny. And yet, still not enough.
Unsub and don't even look back dude. Fuck this "boom" and bust industry.
Weird how that was Trumps administrations recommendations, and here in Texas we are under Greg Abbott's orders. Also it doesnt seem like all small businesses are shut down. Every major city is democratic, and I dont see any burned to the ground? Could you possibly be lying? So strange.
Exactly. The curve has been flattened. Now let's just hope we dont get 2.0 later in the year.
And the rock-hard mid 40% approval for trump remains. The buck stops somewhere else.
Sorry bud. The only success I've had with my dad is pushing back hard enough that he knows not to bring it up around me anymore. Good luck.
Eh it's still hollowing him out. He doesn't have friends anymore, and most of the family avoids him. Even when we come over he's glued to his phone reading Q shit 90% of the time. Sad.
Burn me bby 🔥
TBF Weekendgunnit can be fairly racist at times.
When the shoeshine boy is giving you stock tips you know it's time to gtfo
The fed and government would rather the country burn in December than let the market drop before November.
It doesn't excuse the president spreading conspiracy theories and attacking an old man.
Sounds pretty nice actually. Thanks for the mind seed.
They squandered their tools to combat this recession by needlessly cutting taxes on the rich and dropping interest rates to near zero *during a boom*. Now the only thing left to do is corporate socialism and print money.
Yeah fuck her man she's just being lazy. If you did the appropriate followup, asked the right questions, and gave her ample/reasonable time to respond and she still ghosted you? Goto the CEO fuckit you're already not mining that account. The worst that can happen is the position you're already in.
Yeah that's what I'm sayin
Or boil it overnight in milk!
Man that's putting a lot of words in my mouth. JJ Watt has done more for the city than 99% of it's citizens, including yourself I'm willing to bet. The man raised millions of dollars for people after Harvey, and hosts one of the largest charity fundraisers every year. Let's not forget that he's also the star player of the most popular sports team in the region. Me saying he's a good guy and a hero of the city is not the same as worship. You saying "trivial sports ball player" shows just how astonishingly out of touch you are. Go be miserable somewhere else.
Well considering that Trump has inserted himself from the jump (Floyd would be looking down at this economy and saying it's a great thing what happened?) I would see no reason why that wouldn't be the case still. JJ hasn't. If you're having a hard time figuring out the difference between Trump and JJ Watt I don't have time for you, sorry. Actually, now that I've read a lot of this thread I can see your ignorance all over it. I wish this subreddit had less of your type, so I won't engage further with you on this. There's really no point when someone is that far gone.
I'm not a fan of wrapping either. I've done 3-2-1 about 6-7 times and each time the wrap just steams them and they fall apart. Pulling bones out clean is a cool trick and all but I want a little more bite to my ribs instead of just a pile of bones and meat. I've decided against it from now on and I just do 4-5 hours of smoke at 225.
Sweet... spaghetti...?
Dumbfuck could have just watched sports and eaten pizza every day and chilled but he got stung by a greedbee.
Jesus man, sorry about that.
Wonder what harebrained idea this administration will come up with to pump that shit to the gills some more. Can't let the magic number go down, even during a global pandemic, riots, massive industries in the toilet, and 13 year olds downloading Robinhood like it's the new Angry Birds.
Blender, and I used cilantro instead of parsley. A little different take I know.
Is it evil to want to vanquish evil?
Yeah Bin Laden really won that round.
/r/liberalgunowners
CHINA!
Oh wait yall care about the debt now? Lol
Obviously nobody said that..
That's a wild haircut. What's with that strand at 2:30
I like finding new subreddits but woof
A tyrant? Because of the masks? She did waste money on the temp hospital but I have to say nobody knew shit about this virus when she made the decision. We *still* dont know enough. So contact tracing is unconstitutional but not letting people protest is? How much talk radio do you consume on average? Lotta unguided rage here it seems.
[Q is wrong about everything and always has been](https://www.reddit.com/r/Qult_Headquarters/comments/cx4vvg/with_q_hopefully_gone_forever_i_have_completed/). Dont get so upset it's just words.
Which parts specifically are wrong?
None of it is proven right. It is *always* wrong. Read my link. If your beliefs cant withstand the evidence, it's not strong enough to exist. It's a cult. You're in it. It's not too late to get out. Read it and you can.
Also hes a wildly incompetent malignant narcissist. The juxtaposition is massive and every time I see it, a little depression kicks in. November 3rd.
/r/liberalgunowners
And nary a Teabagger to be found
Some are. A lot of that was delayed demand. Dont let people shop for 2 months and you'll see a swell no matter what. More and more dont have money to do that every week.
The truth is likely something between a V shaped bounce back and a depression. Either way it will be worse than 3 months ago. That much is almost for sure.
But not terrific considering everyone's got stimulus cash, didn't have to pay some bills, and got extra unemployment.
He knows. He said he doesnt care and that it's good data gathering. They dont require tickets to enter anyway.
November 3rd, people. Please.
Well that, plus native genocide and slavery. But yeah that's a big one.
Where did you get "billions in dollars in profit"? You're making that number up. You don't know where they got the $10,000,000+ number, but I can tell you it's likely the amount of damages and restitution they are calculating it will cost to fix the problem.
I watched it. He was joking for sure. It's not really something to joke about though. However, I'm not outraged by it. I already know he's a bit of a sociopath, and he says dumber shit every week. I mean I think "If we stop testing right now, we'd have very few cases, if any" was just Monday.
I also recommend a Top Fuel drag race at some point in your life. I don't even really care about car racing but that was next level. Makes your eyeballs vibrate.
How'd you get that invitation?
Everyone upvote this so people dont buy the book and give Bolton the Bastard money.
Vote FOR a return to sanity
Got a Sig for my first one too and I love it.
Mate come on. You can get anything on the internet, and if you dont have a mask yet you just have flat out not been paying attention.
undefeated in 2020
There's a vast middle ground between putting the car in park and taking the breaks off and hitting the gas.
And running!
Bill Burr checked him pretty good on the latest ep
People that get tired of seeing the same exact comments in every reddit thread.
Business to Business sales. Not that crazy! It's a description.
Oh boy who knew that stopping the rape and murder of *thousands of children* hinges on whether or not Twitter enforces their ToS? You'd figure they would just shut it down already. Oh well I guess we'll let a few more hundred dozen get eaten before we can do anything. The tweets are too powerful!
M-O-O-N that spells morons!
The second one is great. &gt;Anyone have problems with their X box accounts yesterday? No.. &gt;Some network problems the next day OmG sEeEe it happened two days after he said it did total proof! Mathmateically possible! "The greatest military operation in history" managed to cause a hiccup in the Xbox chat. Whew boy that really gave the Manhattan Project a run for it's money!
People forget where "fake news" actually came from, which is crazy because it was only 5 years ago. Nefarious actors were setting up *literal* fake news company websites like "theWestDenverHarold.com" to push completely fabricated stories to get clicks. They started to lean right and post anti-hillary stuff (partly because the rightwing tended to fall for it more often, and partly because foreign governments like Russia were pushing for Trump to win). Trump didn't like that all of these **literally fake news companies** were on his side, so he started to equate those companies with *actual* news companies like CNN and the New York Times to try to normalize it. And now we have this weaponized bullshit where all sources of news are "fake" depending on your political meaning. They've already commandeered the word. Don't forget where it actually comes from.
Which is weird because until recently "nobody had ever heard of Junteenth before".
Just spelling it like the [president](https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-deletes-tweet-calling-for-journalists-to-return-noble-prizes-2020-4)
They twist stories for sure sometimes. They also offer retractions if called out. They are not, however, true "fake news".
I don't even know who the fuck you are, and I only take cheap shots at morons. If you got hit by one maybe you should reconsider whatever moronic statements you're typing out that directed it at yourself.
I'm a simple man. Gyro was good. Dolmades were solid. Fuckin like $75 for two people tho. Ah well.
Everyone report this clown. Zero positive contributions to this sub and just spams emojis and hate. Looks like someone's grandkid taught them out to use reddit. Ban them back to whatever altright echo chamber facebook group they came from.
I got banned for saying everyone should be able to vote
It's because hes not. There has been zero evidence that its even a government employee. /r/Qult_headquarters
Then they should be more upset at the lack of safety nets provided by the government. The choice shouldn't be health or bankruptcy. The government bails out banks and socializes losses all of the time for corporations. There's $500,000,000,000 in relief money out there that Trumps admin won't let us see where it's going. The anger is pointed in the wrong direction.
There it is. He's already done it twice on paper. He's telling us again what he's doing. It's projection all the way down.
If you think having 100,000,000 people, mostly armed, who only believe what Trump says, is a "so?" scenario, you haven't been paying attention. You only need a percentage of these people to be crazy, which is certain already, for that to be a problem.
Good /r/windowseat material!
I miss bars, and then this afterwards too.
There were riots in Houston? I must have missed that somehow
She did that shit last time too. "He wants to build the wall, and she IS a Wall!" Shes the fucking worst aspects of our society manifested in a mousey voiced dumb bitch. I hope she loses again and spends even more money this time.
It could be helpful at /r/QAnonCasualties
Psychologists will be studying this for years..
See: [Kathaleen Wall](https://youtu.be/9nhy8fzn9pE) in Texas. And there are lots of these from this year and when she lost last time.
Do it. I did it a year ago and never looked back. You can download all of your pictures off of there into a zip file. Give everyone a week or so to reach out to you with their phone numbers, and then bounce. You keep the only contacts that matter and shed that cancer on our society.
Exactly. It's almost impossible to make a bad meal on my rectec. It sits exactly where I want it, gives a great smoke ring, amazing flavor, I can cook whatever I want, I can turn it off and on from my phone, and get a good nights sleep for long cooks. One day I'll get a full offset when the kids are older and able to stay of my hair, but for now this little machine is the best money I've ever spent.
Go use the wayback machine if you're curious. I offered my take on the scenario, being a 11+ year user on the website and I've seen dozens of subreddits rise and fall. I didn't offer in depth analysis. Truthfully your pedantic sealioning for sources to my claims is exactly what I was complaining about with larger subreddits. So, you *are* the proof to what I said, in a way. Good luck out there.
Has anyone submitted a request to /r/redditrequest?
Much appreciated!
As a Houstonian, I can tell you that we aren't stopping any time soon. Half of the people I know/work with still think this is overblown, there won't be a 2nd wave, we don't need masks, etc. And I'm not even in the suburbs! Those are even worse being more red. We won't shut down again. Good luck yall!
Hey man it's not half of us. The problem is this thing feeds on the other half.
Or maybe if we call it the Wuhan Flu enough times that'll solve it!
And now the cat's out of the bag and not coming back. You aren't going to on-shore all of that manufacturing again. People a) don't have the wages to and b) don't want to have to pay $10,000 for a TV anymore. What *should* happen is that all of the wealth that was created from globalization comes back and provides a thicker and broader safety net for it's citizens and gives more back to them. In the form of better infrastructure, dividends (universal income), benefits (healthcare and education), and more coordinated skills training. But instead, muh freedoms to die poor and dumb trump that.
Party over country, unfortunately.
Strawman
Nobody said that. Orange fan sad.
After the last two republican administrations you no longer get to bitch about the deficit or economy. You clearly dont understand how it works.
Crazy isnt it? Hey Supply Chain professionals- get your shit together.
You crazy bro
I'm sure that had a lot to do with the forming of the cult, but we shouldnt ignore the face that these people are out there, and they make up ~40% of the population. The people in that subreddit are very real, unfortunately.
If it's any consolation, the season probably wont finish anyway. Itll give him more time to rehab and he will be back in 2021 to run the table with the Pat's of course.
No he didnt. He did what's called shotgun cold reading. It's not hard to predict Trump will tweet MAGA or TERRIFIC or CHINA because his vocabulary is like 300 words. You can also fake timestamps. Q has never predicted anything specifically or correctly. There is no operation. You are falling for bullshit.
Prove that he is a member of Trumps team. You cant. Stop falling for this bullshit and spreading your lies.
You're propagating the dangerous lie that what Q posts is remotely intelligent or "insider". Stop it. It's not. It's all bullshit.
Jesus man how tf do you get half a million dollars in debt just from college? Unless you're a Dr or a Lawyer that's incredible.
Another week of moving my sprinkler around all night trying to keep my yard from dying. 😅
WHERE ARE THE BODIES G
Fair enough. Although the fact that I was banned for that exchange is pretty telling of the mindset of those people.
["They knew what they signed up for!"](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/10/18/trumps-alleged-knew-what-he-signed-up-for-remark-to-military-widow-is-worth-caution-but-fits-a-clear-pattern/)
yes
Shhh don't tell people about the Colonel or they'll buy it all up.
You're 2 months late to the thread and missing the point entirely. Whatever dude.
Persistence and unquenchable curiosity. Persistence is necessary because it empowers me to brush aside rejection, find the next lead, or keep grinding during a dry spell. Curiosity for the career development. It has helped me make connections that don't pay off until later, find niche markets that haven't been plowed, and to always be in learning mode. Those things combined have advantages like being a quick self starter, and being able to learn the client's business quickly so you can offer the *right* solution and press the right buttons.
