See my [other post](https://www.reddit.com/r/vintagecomputing/comments/7nbbw6/what_are_the_pins_at_the_topleft_corner_of_this/ds0my2l/)
One hint, that radio shack desoldering tool will only work on leaded solder. It doesn't get hot enough for lead free.
Thank you. I got downvoted for saying this in another thread, but I think I wasn't stating it clearly enough. Negative feedback is a circuit that tries to minimize output error. Positive feedback does the opposite and tries to slam the output to a rail and generally isn't that useful in opamp circuits, but maybe in the right circumstances it could be useful (maybe you're modeling a real world phenomenon that actually does behave that way - like balancing a pendulum or something.)
I mean a positive feedback could be used to simulate the pendulum.
Ouch, both binary sizes way too big for the kinds of microcontrollers I like.
For 1A? 18ga is way overkill unless you're very concerned about voltage drop..
Ah yes, the Bowell Movement - responsible for the installation of public toilets across America.
The I2C for EDID would be an issue if there are two "monitors" connected at once - both chips would reply at the same time and most likely it would cause an "AND" function on the data. If the two devices respond identically it would probably work.
Yeah, if it's a big problem, find some weird headed security bolts.
Yep, if you can run another thread and communicate with it without a ton of timing jitter, you can time events to pretty damn good precision. Even if there is jitter, you could likely do the same thing over and over and average it out.
I've seen some 12VAC transformers rectify out to damn near 30V at no load.
3-5 times is overkill if you're using name brand caps. Some have explicitly stated that it's fine to operate up to their label limit. The problem is the 12V RMS assumption - if it's a dumb transformer and rectifier, it's probably not really 12V RMS. I've seen 20V (RMS!) at no load.
I've never seen convincing evidence that cracked solder balls are a common problem. I believe it's internal bonds inside the chip that can "fix" themselves at a temperature lower than the solder melts at, but regardless of the temperature you use, they usually fail again in a couple weeks or months. We have done this kind of repair for customers, but always warned them that it will probably fail, and considered it only because we were already inside the device but couldn't obtain a new mainboard. Sort of a "something instead of nothing" approach. It only takes a few more minutes to cook it enough to work again, though likely only temporarily.
Replacing the board is the best bet. Next best is replacing the IC, but it's likely they're not available, and paying someone to do it could be more expensive than buying a new TV. Resoldering (or reflowing) the existing chip is probably going to fix it just as much as the hair dryer did. Keep in mind, if the only working boards on some place like ebay are very expensive, it usually means this problem (or whatever problem - price check is a good heuristic check on overall reliability) happens often enough to put demand pressure on the price. You could be buying a board that will die to the same problem. You could also be buying a board that *did* die to the same problem, and some asshole heatgunned it to sell it as working. High prices create more incentive for that kind of BS.
I've implemented a whole made-up architecture interpreter in 4KB of PIC18 code... ISA [looks like this](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B8I6_00leawtMTM3eFFjR2RRZnM/view?usp=sharing). The purpose of it was to execute all instructions in exactly 68 PIC instruction cycles for use in real-time apps that use the instruction stream for timing, but needs to also run code with indeterminate timing.
Wallet in the back pocket can screw up your back after a while. I strongly advise against it.
Seems strange that Louis Rossman (Youtube - board level repair) is pretty capable of soldering BGA parts but is adamant that a lot of this stuff is something wrong with the IC itself. He also works on a ton of Apple products. \*Shrug\* Edit: Just to add, he does sometimes reball and resolder BGAs, so it's not a 100% thing.
You're confusing two different watt figures. There is the circuit wattage aspect, like the transistor is passing 10A at 50V and you have 500W going out to a load.... this isn't (usually*) what they mean by the wattage rating - instead they mean how many watts of heat are produced inside the transistor. \* (Except sometimes they do mean that figure, and it often ends up in search listings mixed with the normal figure. If you see an unexpectedly large wattage rating mixed in search results, they probably are using the wrong number)
And then all the other weird logic operations of the set of 16 of them...
Although is it a discrete effect? Would it be better to say it has a chance of being affected if it passes a million light years away?
Right, I don't disagree. But the synapses are formed by the neuron's connections, so they still "belong" to the neurons.
And the easiest trick I've found to do it - just bind mount your / to another subdirectory and you end up with a view just into the files on that filesystem without anything else mounted on top.
I've always had best results with rsync or tar piped over ssh - either way works fine. Tar if I'm doing a full backup, or rsync if it's just refreshing a backup. Compressed if its not over gigabit.
Because nobody's being accused of using a pen testing tool to steal documents. The concern that's probably being looked at here is using a signed, commercial AV, in its otherwise stock state (with a special definitions update) to steal things and send them back to the AV vendor. This, to me, sounds retarded because you'd notice your documents being flagged...
USB may be supplying 5.2V - I would probably add a diode in just to be safe, but I'd guess that it's unlikely it would be damaged either way.
The multi-charger probably works either by starting to drop voltage when it reaches its limit, or shutting ports off. In my experience, the first is more common. What happens after that depends on the devices. Pretty much all devices will reduce their current draw in response to the voltage dropping, but some may not increase it back until replugged. So you might run into a case where one device ends up hogging most of the charge current, and once it finishes, another device may still be charging slowly or not charging fast enough to keep up with drain. For this reason, I think it's reasonable to spec out 1.5A per port on these things to reduce chances of hitting that problem, or else using a smart enough charger that can "restart" charging when it senses this may have occurred (I don't know of any offhand that do this).
Yeah, but this is 16 bit x86... 1MB addressing and 64KB segment addressing - SuperH would be a breeze to work with in comparison! We believe they even had an inter-program call mechanism of some sort, but I don't think it was ever fully figured out. Of course the difficulty is that you can really only have one program mapped in the address space at a time (their programs were rather large). There was probably only a megabyte or so of unique code in there but the ROM ended up 4MB due to all the duplication into the different sub-programs.
What surprised me was that the gain was remarkably consistent for the sample set I had - it was actually more consistent backwards than forwards (comparing between transistors; I didn't test variation over current ranges).
Probably the next step is looking on youtube for disassembly videos for that or similar models. It's good to watch it done a few times first and see how it's done. Things get broken a lot more easily when you think it comes apart a wrong way, or you miss a screw you didn't know about. But ultimately you might need to get at where the hard drive is to troubleshoot (you can always plug the hard drive into another computer with a USB adapter to check its status).
In my experience, it's a lot easier to get things to update after a while on a server type installation... a lot of the real gnarly dependencies show up once you've got X and toolkits and all that stuff installed.
&gt; Non-graphics these days are getting crazy. ftfy
In addition, if you connect the hdd to a modern machine it should be able to tell you the parameters.
Well, you sometimes can, but you have to have a pretty good idea about the short circuit capability of your battery (for example: a decent NiMH AA battery can dump over 40 amps - but it's unlikely to deliver that much through your meter due to wire and current shunt resistance). Testing this kind of current can be a little tricky. But, if you have, say a 20A meter, you can maybe make that sort of measurement on that sort of battery, but it won't really be accurate unless you understand what you're really measuring. But yeah, most likely you don't want to run the test any longer than it takes to get a reading.
As long as the host system allows running in that configuration in the first place... sometimes onboard gets killed if any add-in video card is there. Aaaand, it can be tricky. I succeeded in doing a few years back but for a slightly different purpose... I used the proprietary radeon drivers for cryptomining and left the onboard for general use/gaming with the open source drivers (they were MUCH more stable at the time). But, I never did get graphics pass-thru to fully work... console opencl was fine though. May have been problems getting the bios to execute properly when passed through.... I'm not sure. Felt like a total nerd gaming with onboard while two much, much more capable cards were busy grinding away for pennies an hour.
Something only a soul accountant would say. And you thought the regular ones were weird!
They probably meant the internal rails in the system, you'll find a 5V, a 3.3V, some other lower voltage that runs the CPU, and maybe something else for the RAM but at that age maybe not. If you look for physically larger power semiconductors (mosfets, transistors, regulators), their pins are good places to look to find these voltages (also the + pins of bigger capacitors, but if you can only see the top of the board, they're not as accessible) - just be careful not to short anything because you could be bridging a much higher voltage onto the output and frying everything downstream.
The trick is just having the illumination source right next to the camera. The surface on license plates and many other reflectors is engineered to bounce the light back almost exactly to where it came from (with a bit of error otherwise you wouldn't be able to see it at all if it all just went exactly back to the light source). But yeah, that's why you can see road signs really well when it's your headlights lighting it up but not quite as well when it's light from something else.
Well, if you're coming into it without much circuit knowledge, I'd try to go for the best bang-for-the-buck approach. Test all the fuses, they should be 0 or close ohms. Test across diodes and test different pin combinations across transistors. You normally shouldn't get 0 ohm readings. If you find a fuse that isn't right, maybe it's just the fuse, or maybe something else popped it. If it's a mains fuse, try putting an incandescent light bulb across it (pick a light bulb like 3x wattage than the device itself, or parallel some together to reach 3x wattage) - if the bulb lights up, something else in the circuit is cooked. If the device tries to operate, replace the fuse. You can use light bulbs for some DC circuit fuses as well, it's just more complicated to figure out what bulbs you should use and may not have them around. In some cases, this can be enough to fix some problems. This is the best advice I can give without more information. For all I know, the kind of problem you're trying to fix might not be at all applicable to these strategies.
Cement truck still can't outrun my car. If the timing was such that they could have really killed someone, I'd follow them and figure out who needs to be informed of their bullshit.
Damn, they were lucky...
If you're curious about ISAs, I designed a virtual machine that runs on a PIC18 microcontroller. Here is [the ISA document](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B8I6_00leawtMTM3eFFjR2RRZnM/view?usp=sharing) - if you can color dead tree the first page, it makes a useful reference for subsequent pages because you can see how things fit in the instruction layout. There are a couple minor errors in the file but it gives a good idea. * 10 bytes of general registers (best thought of as 5 16 bit registers which are usable to varying levels as 10 byte registers, with some 24 and 32 bit actions, as well as memory store features centered around a particular group of 32 bits - almost like a small accumulator machine inside a bigger multi register one) * 8/16 bit ALU without flag support (allows using low byte of 16 bit registers for 8 bit input when storing 8 bit result), also allows one instruction 8x8 multiply * PIC atomic 8 bit read-modify-write instructions are exposed and a general register stores carry or zero flags for some of them - they are useful for synchronization with PIC interrupt handlers * 24+8x8 and 32+8x8 Multiply and accumulate instructions that can be degraded into 24+8 or 32+8 addition (unsigned 16x16 multiply in 4 instructions) * Acceleration for 16/8 division - requires 10 instructions * 8 and 16 bit stack push/pop support - all pop instructions can offset SP within the current 256 byte page, and some push instructions support this too. This is the most efficient memory access method on the architecture but is strange to use because the offsetting actually changes SP. * Random memory read from anywhere in 4K RAM in 2 instructions (first instruction loads 8 bits of address to destination, second instruction specifies high nibble of address and selects destination same as address register) * Random memory write in two instructions if within a preselected memory write page, otherwise 2 instructions to load address plus 1 instruction to write. * Conditional branches perform comparisons rather than checking flags - jump offsets can be loaded in some of the 8 bit registers, or a certain 16 bit register can be used as absolute or relative address. But there are 5 slots for fixed branch displacements currently assigned as +1 instruction, +2, +3, -4, and -6. Some tuning could probably be done to that selection for any specific need, but the positive displacements are solidly useful and maybe better to just continue with +4 and +5. * 16 bit instruction size - most jump offsets do 2 byte target granularity, expanding jump range, but fixed relative calls do include range for byte granularity within +/-256 - this is for a RAM resident program to call a function pointer within its page that may be misaligned from it. * One word relative call instruction which supports +/- 1.8K instruction range or direct/relative call by register address, or some weird constants that land in ROM on a 64K part * Memory write protection for all memory writes - 256 byte granularity. No exception catching supported - blocked instructions just don't write In the PIC implementation, the interpreter runs all instructions in exactly 68 PIC instruction cycles (this was the primary design goal). It could be reduced to 67 if the W register is preserved between calls, or by another cycle if execute-from-RAM is disabled. The constant-time property could be discarded for faster execution of some instructions, and it's possible but not implemented to split the execution into two phases if something needs to run part way through. Multiple threads are also efficiently supported - only a few bytes of state need to move between thread changes. The PIC implementation makes use of 8 instruction cell "microcode" tables, some of which overlap and handle two invocations. This also means that most code path decisions are 16-way from a nibble in the instruction or from page address for memory protection decision paths. There is an efficient mechanism to make these branches on PIC18. If you were looking to build a microcoded sort of CPU for this capability range, you could maybe find some inspiration in parts of this layout - some things should probably move around or change but hey, the thing is already in a rough arrangement that keeps microcode compact, and some attention to detail was put into small things here and there to make the ISA fit together better. The interpreter currently takes up 3.25KB of program space - it's fairly compact due to the table based design that heavily reuses code sequences between instructions, though I'm sure there could be smaller interpreters or faster ones. But that might give you a vague idea of how large a microcode might be. Some tables are probably not necessary in hardware either. I also implemented an assembly language for it with macros to teach PICASM how to assemble for ICL. [Here is the header file](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1r-d2Dumt7Ixk41fjgVIASGo47pTT1YpJ/view?usp=sharing) with comments that define those instructions (mixed in with the macros that actually encode them). For best results, view in jedit with folding set to explicit mode, then collapse all folds. You can navigate to the part of the file you want with the code folding. Note that that there is a variety of variations of instructions that apply some help from the assembler, especially with stack operations or loading constants (there are instructions that help track and calculate stack offsets and jump displacements so the code needs less math). There are also "shortcut" instruction variants that do extra things the ISA allows but are actually implemented using a different class of instruction... for example, loading certain 16 bit values to a register is possible using the ALU and constants - this is exposed in zld even though it generally uses zzld (number of real VM instructions = number of z's). Or increment/decrement by 1 or 2 just use the ALU with an operand set to the 1 or 2 constants. A few special instructions are implemented by stealing otherwise valid encodings of ALU operations (but these encodings have alternates that run identically). Seeing how these variants all fit into the ISA is useful to see what parts of the ISA rely on or complement other parts.
From what I can tell, you'll have to go through a design iteration before you start to see the good and bad parts of it and start to get a feel for what it does to common code sequences programs tend to use, and what specific actions are in need of assistance. Another thing that could probably be improved in my general design is the register count. I think it would benefit from more registers, but part of the reason its so twisted up with fewer is to allow those registers to be manipulated better - like grabbing the high byte of a word or accessing the 4 byte imm3...imm0 set in a bytewise or wordwise way, even though the multiply+accumulate instructions use them in 24 or 32 bit actions. The multiplier only allows (kinda) efficiently shifting 8 bits by up to 7 bits, so being able to pick out a specific byte allows shifting more parts of bigger registers around. Decking out some register(s) with some specific immediate actions might improve things too. There is more room for this in a hardware implementation than a software one because the purple cells could be made more independent and doubled in count - right now there's only 16 base actions out of what could be 32 cells because the division path to them shares the miscellaneous path that doesn't do the division prep but loads some data instead - so there's 16 instructions in that group with two variants of each, many of which don't normally make much sense in what they actually do, but hardware could give them better functions. It just couldn't fit another table in the interpreter easily... but those "weird" instructions at least don't violate memory integrity or instruction timing.
It makes the ice liquid even if it's still below the normal freezing point of water. So if the ice cube is cold enough when you start, it will get a water layer to conduct heat out of your skin better and can actually freeze your skin.
Silicone grease is what is used for this purpose. It is sometimes sold as dielectric grease or bulb grease, or even just a general clear water resistant grease. It's polydimethylsiloxane (aka PDMS, aka dimethicone) mixed with, typically, fumed silica (long silica chains that give the silicone oil some thickness). It's about as non-toxic as you can get, you'll find silicone oil in hair products and sometimes even food. Note that for repeated insertion/removal, this maybe isn't the most effective because it will want to wipe off, and the silicone grease will collect other debris. For a more permanent connection, the stuff is great though. I'm not sure if it's going to be a net win here though. Fun silicone grease/oil use: You can put it on some rubbers to have it soak in instead of soaking in skin oil later (which will make it swell up more). Phone cases, etc.
Deoxit will remove the corrosion once it's already happened.
gpsim is free and can emulate a bunch of different PICs - it has some shortcomings though. For the longest time, it didn't properly support extended mode on PIC18's which is probably necessary for it to run compiled C code properly... I was able to make it work to test the functions I needed even with its wrong behavior, but only because I was using extended mode in a weird way (I used the extended addressing to access VM thread state, rather than to access stack variables... if I moved the thread state to address 0, I could make it work) and I could move part of the data to where it was trying to find it. They eventually fixed that after I reported the bug. I imagine there's a lot of other stuff that doesn't totally work right when you start getting in deep. But, it should be plenty fine to single step through things.
I run it on linux, but the last installation I've done was on Gentoo some years back. The last time I remember using it was 2012/2013. I remember there were some issues with libraries back then even. You could try running the Windows version in WINE - that might work.
OR your iron is set to a too low temperature and you're needing to hold it on there too long, or maybe the solder isn't fully melting and you're yanking the pad off with solid solder. It really does take some practice to get the hang of it. I've found best results with an iron temperature that's hot enough to work quickly, but not much hotter than that.
That's just what makes it fun! In all seriousness, you might be able to just feed the thing a square AC wave of about the right voltage and it might work, if it's indeed expecting AC.
Most likely they're not all connected in series.
Yep, try to scrape evenly and stop when you have enough shiny copper. Hot glue the wire you attach near the solder point to keep mechanical stress away from the weak attachment.
Everyone who has that at their bench, raise your hand...
I suggest using a solenoid - maybe drive it with an audio amplifier and play with the waveform until it does what you want without overshooting the solenoid too much. If the amplifier can put out enough voltage, you should have a lot of control over it.
Also, basically the same transmission used for the diesels...
Service Level Agreement. Basically a "contract" between IT and those they support, that issues of certain priority will be resolved (and sometimes acknowledged) within a certain timeframe, or else there is a breach of the SLA which may matter in performance reviews or internal politics or things like that. If the IT support is a separate company, it will probably have financial penalties. Basically an expectation of how long it should take for an issue or request to be resolved.
I think they deliberately put the toilet paper dispensers that extra foot forward just so this happens.
If one person asks the question on here, there's probably a ton of other people that were also wondering but didn't care to ask. Why make everyone google it when they could read it (and any related discussion of it) in the comments?
In principle you could public-key encrypt the password and send it via a one-way connection to an otherwise offline machine. In that case it would require human intervention to retrieve an existing password, but it's in pri cnciple possible to implement this securely (within the limits of human error). But any system that can return an existing password in an automated fashion is NOT secure.
Not just that, the important part is that the network connected system itself is unable to decrypt or otherwise access it afterward. This breaks most intended use cases for such systems.
It really was, and it was probably important that at least a good portion of it was in assembly for it to run fast enough at the time it was released. It has to deal with updating a lot of game elements, and if it were written purely in compiled code, it would probably be too slow to be playable or they would have to cut back number of guests in the park.
Plays video? Probably linux. Otherwise probably a vendor example bluetooth stack with car radio software glued to it (no OS).
&gt; Obviously Apple CarPlay is a derivative of iOS But, it doesn't have to run iOS to support carplay on the stereo side. In fact, I don't think apple licenses iOS to run on ANYTHING they don't themselves manufacture.
Mwop... mwop.... mwop. I can't hear anything!!
Corsair computer power supplies. I've got one of their first generation offerings still purring away after 10+ years. They don't have low-load operation problems like some power supplies (I've used a few in non-computer applications with good results, even in one application where it can cycle between almost 0 load and almost full load instantly), and they're really not even terribly expensive anymore, though the first generation kinda was.
I'm still rocking some LG Volts (2014) for cell phones (slightly enhanced with some memory tweaks I adapted from other phones). They were a kinda weird mid range budget phone at the time but a lot of parts on them are easy to work on (replacing the USB port or a speaker costs you a few bucks and 10 minutes with a screwdriver). I've bought them for as little as $20 and it does everything I need a phone to do (and so cheap you can have 3 of them, if you really want!). And if you break the screen on one, yank the motherboard and stick it in another one and you're off to the races. The batteries are starting to get old now though, and the cheap chinese "replacement batteries" are not that good. The original batteries were damn good.
Do they lie to people deploying their card payment systems? Oh yes, they lie to people deploying their card payment systems.
We already know that because simulating quantum effects gets really bad (basically, impossible with classical computing) once there's enough pieces involved. Who knows what raw computational power drives existence or in what ways it operates...
After the first shot it won't really matter much.
Use a buffer - the input of the buffer won't affect the original signal much at all, and its output will be strongly driven.
In the quietest place to be stuck to the exterior of the truck! This man was riding in comfort.
Just get a very good look at the solder connection afterward - if everything looks like it flowed right, you should be ok. If you try poking around in the connector, you might damage it that way and be back to square one.
You would need to have the controller step it back most likely.
Measure how much AC current one of these transformers pulls with no load attached and calculate it out.
FYI the reason boost converters are no good for that is that there is literally a diode connecting the input and output - the output can't output less voltage than its input because of it and it can't control the current unless the output voltage is at least equal to the input. A lot of TV LED backlight supplies are boost topology - one might be tempted to test their current output by shorting it with a meter, but that's no bueno.
There isn't really much to them, and there's not a lot of precision with what you normally use 'em for. If it melts the glue, that should be good enough.
Ditch that keyboard and get everything else working. If you still really want to mess with that keyboard, worry about it then.
It has a lot of vitamin K1, which is a base requirement for the clotting system to function correctly. It will have more effect if you were deficient to begin with, however. Interestingly, is at least somewhat effective as an antidote to warfarin poisoning (and it will interfere with warfarin and some other anticoagulants!)
You can't park at the bar and honk like an idiot to get someone's attention inside - it appears to be a thinly veiled sort of thing like that.
Butt. Butt Polisher. It's what's depicted in the green logo.
Yes, the issue is how much size do we need on the mechanism that does it? Can it fit inside a cell and move between them to fix them one by one? Does it need to be extracellular but maybe it sends out some tubes to dig into nearby cells and interact with them? Maybe instead of trying to repair DNA, this thing just prepares a new set of DNA, slurps the old one out of a cell, inserts the new one, and uses the material from the old one to make a new set for the next cell. There are possibilities but we're nowhere near the miniaturization necessary.
I guess it comes down to what real optics do - if they do take more contribution from inner pixels, that would be more accurate. There may also be implications for image reconstruction after the blur - if there is no weighting, then every pixel differs from the one next to it by an amount related to only a thin rim of original pixels. If it is weighted, then the difference is spread to the whole range of pixels, maybe making it less possible to reconstruct (or, maybe not with good enough math... there's probably some people in the thread that can say!).
Viruses have the nasty problem of the targeting only being "kinda okay" in the best case, but if you had a specific target that needed to be changed in a bunch of cells, they would be able to do it more widely and at less cost. But that issue of mistargeting would have to be carefully considered so that it doesn't make the problem worse.
If you start to go into how repairable they are, they're not all that great. It's more complicated than it needs to be to disassemble them (lots of trim pieces are separate instead of attached to something bigger that could pull off as one unit), and if you ever have to replace a wire that goes through a hinge, good luck!! If I remember correctly, there were something like 5 wires in a thin cable that actually went lengthwise through the hinges (think, pulling the pin out of a door hinge and running the wire through where it was). If a wire in that cable breaks, you can't just fish a spare wire through the same path because there is NO extra room. And good luck getting more of that specific cable... it's really not fun to try to deal with - even if you could, you'd have to deal with reconnecting both ends of each wire.
Probably with a lot of spurious emission but enough on-target to get the desired effect.
ATI* (later, they were bought by AMD).
Yeah it's a little more irritating than the layer-switch pause on DVD players that don't have enough RAM to buffer video ahead far enough. Basically, a little bit after halfway on a dual-layer DVD, the lens has to refocus to the other layer, and this takes long enough that it will often run out of video data before it can start reading more. Good mastering techniques will try to place this layer change in a slow part of the movie where it's not as noticeable, but if they didn't care, it might end up in the middle of an action sequence and be kinda objectionable.
No, you won't have good results trying to do that inside of a general purpose operating system. You can never guarantee your code will be running at the moment it needs to be. You should use a separate processor or FPGA to perform those kinds of time critical actions. Maybe if you can keep the OS away from one processor entirely, you could run the real-time component on that CPU, but the performance will still be a little inconsistent due to cache behaviors, and any peripherals you use with that core will also have to be isolated from the main OS. For all the trouble it can be, I recommend having a separate chip handle it - this will also keep the real-time component from getting too tied into a particular SoC - if it's a separate chip it will be easier to change out the SoC in the future if you need to.
There are some PCMCIA cd-rom kits out there - that may be the best bet without USB or cardbus to add USB. You might also consider using a cd-rom emulator program and read disk images over network. The old software usually can't tell the difference.
About sub-critical testing: So with masses that don't achieve much chain reaction, we can assume the natural decay rate for that isotope. Criticality means that on average, a neutron that splits another atom releases at least one more neutron that then goes on to split another atom. You can see how the reaction rate becomes unbounded - the number of neutrons in flight keeps increasing. Sub-critical is the range where each neutron splitting an atom causes an average of between 0 and 1 neutrons to split another atom. If we take a value of 0.5 there, we get something like this: A neutron is emitted and splits another atom. Half of a neutron is then emitted and goes on to split another half an atom, which emits a quarter of a neutron (again, we're just concerned with averages - a quarter neutron isn't physically possible). That case of 0.5 re-emission leads to a decay rate twice the normal rate for that isotope (1 + 0.5 + 0.25 + 0.125....) - if you calculate what the geometry of the masses and reflectors should be doing, then do a subcritical test, you can determine what it actually would do with the full masses (at least until things start breaking apart, etc). But you only have to deal with a multiple of the natural decay rate so it's not horribly irradiating everything. You just have to make sure to stay a bit away from that 1.0 rate or stuff gets nasty.
When you literally call your users dumb-fucks for using your service, then continue to operate it.... I mean, how else do you gauge the intent?
[Literally](https://www.esquire.com/uk/latest-news/a19490586/mark-zuckerberg-called-people-who-handed-over-their-data-dumb-f/)
I don't either until people start tagging me in pictures or posting information about me. I don't even allow their "like" button javascript to run on my machines.
My point is that the guy said everyone was dumb fucks for giving him their info, he built an insanely successful business off of it anyway, and betrayed trust in quite a few ways (but arguably not in an illegal sense). I'm not sure we're debating anything at all?
Click here to migrate your account to the new Facebook Discussions
The sort of current limiting you describe can at times be useful but only in rare circumstances. For example, I turned some NPN transistors backwards to use them with a more consistent (but much lower) gain simply so I could do this trick. The current limiting it provided in my application was only as a failsafe in case the mosfet it drove became shorted - preventing a failure from cascading backwards to the gate driver transistor. But by having the current limit resistor at the base side, it prevented the voltage drop that the mosfet pull-up resistor would otherwise cause (if the current limit resistor were at the NPN output).
They make small mosfets too that are decent for small signal applications. There are some advantages - no constant gate current so even a weak signal (as long as it's a suitable voltage) can drive them, and the switching will lose less voltage than BJT's (if you buy good enough mosfets for the current range involved). On the downside, if you bring the gate too far past the voltage limit, it will damage the part, and it takes a rather small amount of energy to do it - compared to a BJT where its main damage mechanisms all involve overheating part of the transistor, which carries a more substantial minimum energy requirement. If the gate becomes disconnected on a mosfet (or a microcontroller gets stuck in reset and doesn't drive its gate control pin), it will stay in the on/off state it was in while it was connected... until enough charge leaks around and maybe it turns on or off or varies with the local electric field or induced radio interference... But yeah, you can overcome most of those issues with pull-up/pull-down resistors to ensure a sane state if not driven, but that eats up some of the "don't need a resistor" bonuses of mosfets.
Some traces might not be 100% necessary for the card to operate... back in the ~~early~~ days of ~~color~~ black and white TV I believe, there was a budget manufacturer where the guy in charge would sometimes go out to the assembly area and cut a lead on a random component on a TV... if it still worked, he'd ask why the component was there.
15 hours on a ventilator hardly ever has "no side effects". Probably not life threatening ones, but having a tube down your throat that long typically doesn't leave your throat feeling very good at all afterward.
It's not so much that, it's that LCD TVs have true persistence - the image is actually on the screen most of the time until it has to be changed for the next frame. CRT TVs scan the frame out, and the phosphor fade out is fairly fast. To an animal that can resolve vision faster than us, it will look like a band of stuff rapidly going down the screen over and over at worst, or at best, very flickery. An LCD might appear jittery to something that has fast vision, but the image will be clearly discernible.
Let's twist the viewpoint a little bit. Say we've got someone attracted to adult females - would they still engage in acts with a developmentally disabled adult female beyond what they might be expected to handle? If so, they're missing the same attention to mental/emotional safety that a pedophile that messes with kids does. Granted the situation is probably more frustrating for the pedophile because they have a hard time finding people they're attracted to that are also capable of handling that attention, but ultimately it's the same mistake of judgement.
Let me know if bullshit picks up the phone. Hopefully a more knowledgeable redditor chimes in; otherwise you've got access to the same research material I do. I can only speak of the display technologies.
There should also be a more causal relation involving the kind of crystal (or amorphous solid, if formed that way) structures ice forms - describing the layout of the molecules will ultimately describe the density.
LED TVs (actually, an LCD with LED backlight, unless it's OLED) have potential to be even more accurate than those with fluorescent backlights, because LEDs can be driven continuously (in practice, most aren't driven continuously, because usually they are powered from a lower voltage than the LED strings need, and boosting voltage up the simplest way involves it pulsing). Fluorescent tubes need to be driven with AC current, which must stop and reverse direction repeatedly, otherwise it will rapidly burn out from the current carrying material from one electrode to the other. However, both fluorescent and LED can be pulsed fast enough to not be significantly noticeable (and can also be pulsed slow enough to make the screen flash, but at least the image is fully present when it is there, so it probably still looks a lot better than CRTs)
Thanks, this is a perfect way to explain it!
Kinda, you're seeing artifacts because the camera's recording artifacts (most cameras have repeating intervals in time where no image information is captured) clash with the display artifacts on the TV. Our eyes are great at handling imagery with either of those by itself but combining them together at the camera makes it really weird unless the camera specifically compensates for it. It would have to make its dead-time fit within the CRT's dead time when the beam aiming is moving back toward the top of the screen from the bottom - most CRT systems display nothing during this time and just try to get the aiming moved up at a decent multiple of the speed it moves down. If you could see the CRT itself at high speed you'd see what's in this video: https://youtu.be/3BJU2drrtCM
Yeah, I [mentioned](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/8svbdp/til_that_dogs_were_originally_listed_as/e131h5b/) most of this in another post. I could have added a caveat to my first comment though...
Right but that still falls under the umbrella of arrangement, just a finer grained aspect.
Interesting, I think that's the first time I've heard of a security cam watching dog :)
Are you able to order from a supplier like Digikey? (digikey.com) - we could probably find you an appropriate cap on there if that's an option for you.
&gt; "They're expensive to repair" At our shop the price difference is infinite. If you bring in an apple iOS device for hardware problems, we'll tell you to kick rocks. We will at least check out other devices because sometimes they aren't horribly difficult to work on.
I needed one for a project and ended up tearing apart a pile of ATX power supplies to find one. It didn't take long. Side note: A really bizarre use I found was using it as a negative voltage shunt regulator. I needed to sense AC phase, so I made a capacitive current limiter powered from the AC, charging a largeish cap to -2.5V, limited by the TL431. 2.5V is also very close to the gate voltage that a 2n7000 passes an LED's worth of current. Stuck a zener limiter across the gate and hooked it to the AC thru a few big value resistors, and used the 2n7000 to drive an optoisolator. It's way more accurate than it has any right to be. (2n7000 source at -2.5V, with its active gate voltage about 2.3V higher puts the rough switching point very close to 0V) Then again, a couple 100K resistors is all you really need to passably sense AC phase on a microcontroller, as long as the circuit isn't connected to anything else (even a human finger). Unfortunately this wasn't possible in this project because it needed to connect to other devices, so I had to do this one the "right" way.
I don't have a Fry's either, and there's exactly one radio shack around but they never have what I need anyway. I haven't bought anything that wasn't from ebay or digikey for a long time, but I'm scared of capacitors from ebay unless you can confidently figure out they're legit. Lots of counterfeit or just outright bad capacitors on there.
Yes, the lowest they go in that design, I believe, is 1.2V - there are diagrams that show you how to use the "variable output" version to get any voltage above 1.2V (within the max limits).
Not when everybody that needs one gets a c-section, they won't.
Yep, and if it's not something that is a big battery life concern, 10K will probably work even better.
Nah, just picking our battles. I have another job anyway, and I'm the only tech, so if I'm not willing to attack it, they'll have to find another place. I wouldn't want to deal with not knowing if replacement parts are going to keep working after a firmware update, and honestly their hardware is straight up difficult to work on in the first place.
Why do you need 1.2A? ESP8266 shouldn't need anything near that?
No, not quite. The product of the voltage and how long it's being applied for a cycle remains about constant, if you want constant torque. Basically the current through the coil is changing in proportion to the voltage on it (until effects like wire resistance start to become significant). So if the motor is going slower, the voltage will be lower on average (if just done through chopping, it will only be short pulses), but applied longer (more short pulses), and the coil will build up the same current as if it were going faster and had a higher average voltage (longer pulses) for a shorter amount of time.
Yep with the nuance that its basically the average voltage on a chopper style system (most are like that unless "pure sine wave")
Such a thing might make sense if one alone can't put out the desired charge current, -or-, if you want to keep the cells separate deliberately for cell swap purposes. If you don't intend to use the cells separately (ie, swap them independently), you could just parallel them and leave them that way and treat it as one battery. Whether you double up the charge circuitry or not it should work fine. If you do want to use them separately, you should have separate charge controllers and then separate the cells with, say, a low forward voltage schottky diode between each cell and the load - this prevents mismatched charge state cells from transferring energy between each other (which would be poorly current limited and, say, a full cell and empty cell paralleled could maybe overheat from too much equalization current). Beware that your cutoff voltage would have to account for the diode drop, which could be slightly weird if the device can be in either a high current or low current state, because the diode drop will change. If you want to keep the cells separate, you might be tempted to use diode separation between a single charge circuit and two cells, but this may not do what you want, because the charge controller wouldn't see the battery voltage until it's trying to charge, and the cells will be at a lower voltage than it thinks they are.
&gt; what would be the point of this though? for the cells to be swappable? Yep, that's the only aim. It sounds like for your situation, I'd get the cells charged roughly equal, parallel them, treat it as a single cell, and double up the charge circuit. It has potential to hurt your EMI noise performance if you care about that. Consider playing with some extra capacitance around different parts of the physical circuit if it acts strange, but it will probably be ok.
I usually have good luck just repeatedly applying solder (trying to work it from a good area toward a problem area) and wiping on a wet paper towel, but some people say that's not particularly good for the tip (quenching it with water). I've never caused damage with the ones I use but I suppose it could be possible for some coatings. Agreed though, abrasive options I think are more dangerous.
This is a good place to start - reading out the trouble codes. If you're getting inconsistent errors (that have no possible relation to each other), then it points toward an electrical/computer fault.
Use two attiny's with V-USB? I suspect it can handle a virtual serial port, but not 100% sure if that's compatible with low speed mode or not.
Yeah, should have taken it slower and waited until we figured out what chip you had and which pins should be shorted to what.
The danger may be when you bring them inside and let them warm up. Condensation likes to form on cold stuff in warmer environments with humidity. Note that this is going to be a bigger issue with freezing temperatures than with 45F. I recommend one of two approaches - either bring the stuff in and let it acclimate to the environment for at least a few hours (you want the condensation that forms to have time to evaporate). If you can stick the stuff in a closed plastic bag until it warms, it will limit the condensation to what's in the air inside the bag. Then once it's warm, take it out of the bag and let it sit a while so it can dry better. Or.... bring the stuff in and immediately plug it in and fire it up. Condensation won't have had a lot of time to form, and in short order the thing will be warmed up under its own power. However if the device is so cold that it may not be able to operate, it may pay to take the longer wait approach. I think problems are more common when someone brings something inside, lets it sit half an hour and calls it good, but rather it's probably at the peak of collecting condensation at that point.
Forgot about another aspect - higher clock rates may require higher voltage to function.
Personally I think you will have more luck with a hair dryer. It's going to be difficult to control temperature with a physical contact tool that doesn't contact the whole surface at once. But if the hair dryer doesn't get it hot enough, I'd have to go with the other opinions that say to use a hot air tool. I think with the soldering iron, you might be starting to overheat what's underneath before you get the rest of it hot enough to loosen the adhesive. Once plastic deforms, it's just not going to fit together right again.
If it's necessary for EMC limits, perhaps they shouldn't be allowed to place the ferrite on the external cable where it could... I don't know, be exchanged with one that doesn't have it? No reason it couldn't be placed inside the device for the same effect... well, unless the device is too thin, or it's impractical to separate the case grounding from the connector, or the connector is on the board and they can't figure out how to put a ferrite around part of the board...
Not much advice in particular, but good on you for trying to understand the problem more than the bare minimum to make something function. This is where awesome products come from.
A hair dryer won't get hot enough to really hurt things, at least not without some effort. They're also good for pre-heating circuit boards for soldering on them when you have heavily heatsinked connections (like, replacing a DC port with a giant ground plane attached to several points) - without warming the board some, it can sometimes be difficult to get the solder to melt. The hot air tools are actually a bit dangerous if you turn them up high enough and catch something you weren't trying to. Kapton tape helps when working with circuit boards, but boards are more tolerant than adhesive'd on plastic.
Well, if people are going to be naming kids "Princess", I guess I'd take Khaleesi over that...
Measure the charge time Edit: to be more helpful, do that, then compare to charging benchmarks. It's difficult to estimate the charging profile, but comparing to existing tests should be accurate if the battery is good and the tests were executed properly.
I think this is a good direction - you'll want something with some high level programmability to interface with whatever system you need it to, or generate output in whatever format you need, perform logging, etc. As tempting as it might be to accomplish it with a cheaper option like an ethernet integrated microcontroller, it can be easy to back yourself in a corner of having to implement something complex on hardware that just isn't built for it.
&gt; Mentor Lol, mentor, where needing to right click and turn on *scroll bars* was actually a thing when I had to use it in college. Oh, you had to do that for every session too. Want to move a project to a different location? Well, the length of that path had better be the exact same, so that you can search/replace in binary files. I was doing something wrong you say? Well, it was easier to do that the wrong way than figuring out what the right way is. And that's a worse problem.
That's just husking them. That's not even breaking the coconuts.
If the manual mode is at least as good as it is on my '13, I'll be fine with it. I'm not invested in the feel of manual driving (I always found it kinda a chore) but I do like being able to make the drivetrain do things that a manual makes possible, and I can do most of it on my auto.
That's 20181214, you date writing heathen? :)
Couldn't they have just punched a hole and attached an air exchange pump? Then you can get liquids through too, and it should be survivable, at least for a while... then again I wasn't there, I have no idea what was available for them to work with.
The irony is now I have two rust spots starting on my roof where it looked like some gravel or something punched through the paint. Body shop says it's not worth worrying about 'til spring (they're in their busy season now), and the guy said it might not rust out at all, though I have my doubts.... $600 to repaint a freaking roof tho :-/
In general I've found that, depending on the person, only certain areas actually need to be washed with soap. Usually crotch, pits, sometimes feet. Hair usually needs some attention, but rinsing and finger agitation might be adequate. The body stops producing so much hair oil after you stop washing it out. You can remove some oil from your hair without stripping all of it out by washing your hands and running your hands through it; fingers will pick up some of the oil.
It's not difficult, just slowly cut back on the soap until you find where issues begin to happen. Personally I think, you don't want to let skin get irritated to the point of rashes or other problems, but at the same time, if you're washing away most of your skin bacteria, you're making it easier for different bacteria/fungus to get established on your skin that may not be friendly. This opinion isn't very popular, but there's also no marketing agency trying to sell *not* using so much soap. You probably still need to shower every couple days or so depending on sweat and personal factors, but water and scrubbing does a decent job of removing most of the buildup you don't want to stay on you.
I would wish for them to make themselves known as such. Then I could deal with them appropriately.
Eventually you'll need thicker wire to handle more amps, but you may end up with a more powerful system by allowing the generator to produce more voltage but then convert it down with a transformer. This lets you use thinner wire in the generator and you can get more turns of wire in there. There's all kinds of different motor/generator designs, and even different designs within the brushless category. What is best might vary depending exactly what you're trying to do with it, and how it's powered (Is it fixed speed? Variable speed? How much torque can the source put out? etc...) For example, if it's variable speed, maybe you want to be looking at a design similar to an alternator that has a field coil you can vary the current through to control the output voltage against the RPM changing. That can also be beneficial if the load changes as well. Essentially, ((magnetic field strength * number of wire turns * rotation speed) - resistive voltage loss in the wire) is going to be related to your output voltage, so if you intend to control the voltage, you had better be able to control one of those factors if another one can change, or if the current changes enough that you need to compensate for voltage loss. Since it's usually not practical to control the rotation speed or number of wire turns, that usually leaves controlling the magnetic field as the only option, or just accepting whatever the generator produces and converting the power afterward.
Some of the electronics will reset if the battery dies, that's pretty normal. Also keep in mind that the 7 miles per gallon is also counting fuel burned during idle time without the car moving (even in park), and the engine burns a lot more fuel when it's cold because the oil is thicker, metal isn't meeting quite the same way it does when it's hot, and everything is resisting the rotation more. So this number could be quite accurate if you let it warm up while parked and make short trips. If you reset the mpg calculator after the engine's warmed up and go for a drive, you will get a better idea of the actual mpg you get when driving in "normal" circumstances at that outside temperature, for comparing against changes in operation, etc. On a side note, I recommend picking a specific driving path for testing, something without many stop lights or "variable" aspects, and reset your mpg when starting and check it at the end. If you make this check a few times a year at a certain tire pressure, outside temp and wind condition, you keep a good baseline for noticing changes in engine performance. If you consistently measure something that's too far off from what you've seen for those conditions, you can begin to suspect a problem and may want to have it checked out.
There's places in the world still where that's not far from it
If someone heard them tell you, you might not be able to deny having heard it. This stuff can get treacherous.
"The button on that side's broken. Use the CB. And it's your turn to close the back windows."
Realistically, if you flash it back before testing, nobody will know. Don't drive stupid around cops and I doubt they'd ever suspect anything.
I think you need to be loading himem.sys in config.sys for lh to work on the sound blaster. Hopefully that shores some of this up. Also worth verifying your BIOS is reporting 640KB and isn't stealing some RAM for something.
The shears may cause stresses through the metal (which the die is pretty much on top of), it's probably safer to use a saw where you can't really get the metal bending much.
Insulators are used for this purpose all the time, except when people think they can get away with live heatsinks.
That should be a pretty good way to go. You might just wrap a bare wire around the pins, it should get good contact between the outer pins that way (gate, source) - these are the two you want connected to control static electricity. I wouldn't worry about soldering it, and honestly if I were cutting it on our band saw, I probably wouldn't even bother with the wire either because rest of the metal tab would be contacting the saw platform work surface pretty closely. Of course that kind of stuff is a judgement call :)
Yeah, I was going on the assumption of the part soldered down but nothing else able to apply pressure to it, and not getting thrown around, etc. If it gets any crazier than that, some glue can help.
If "alone" still includes the recirculation diode :)
If you use high enough value resistors (and probably a few of them in series to increase breakdown voltage - this can be an easily missed aspect), and if the ADC has internal clamping diodes on its inputs (or you add them), it should survive pretty decent spikes just fine because the diodes will absorb the current once VCC+.3V or so is reached.
Well, the worry would be if whoever provided the wrong callsign would keep doing it and they would keep getting reported...
Well can't buy cigarettes, but if there's 35 guys uh... around... I think she'd have an easy time bumming a few. The real issue here is the cigarettes could get wet.
That's ridiculous, eventually if the FCC gets pissed off enough they will hunt the broadcasts, or else there's really no point to this whole regulation thing, right? Let's just use whatever calls we want if nobody can do anything.
Now we just need this thing to track mosquitos and a freakin' laser
At some level you get into quantum mechanics and can say that with greater than x likelihood there will be no conduction at all over x time period, and sometimes this can be a realistic outcome, but even then there is stuff like cosmic rays to knock electrons around once in a while that otherwise had pretty much no chance of moving.
I'm not sure exactly how the MZR engine is set up, but I can say at least on Skyactiv 2.0L with auto transmission, it allows full throttle starting at 1250RPM. On the auto, it will allow 4th/5th gear down to 1000RPM but if you give it more throttle, it will shut off the clutch and raise RPM to 1250. My assumption is that lower RPM is an oil pressure concern and by 1250 it can generate enough oil pressure to lubricate adequately for full combustion pressure. I've driven mine like this for over 100K miles and no engine trouble.
Agreed, there's of course the happy project feeling of wiring a bunch of chips together and making something work, but after a certain point you become more concerned with the "How would it actually work if I..." and "Okay, what if I had 4 of those..." type questions and FPGA's let you work those whole systems out without breaking the bank on tons of prototyping gear and wire messes and "that one bad connection... somewhere".
Want to point out something irritating but can't find any dead pixels? Everyone watching digital video has compression artifacts!!
I've noticed a pretty sharp performance drop around 20F and below outside temp on my '13 sky 2.0L, even after the engine's fully warmed up. I notice it especially when driving up hills and I've got no hard numbers but feels like something around 10% less power, it's about where if I drop to 5th gear I get maybe a hair more than I'd otherwise have in 6th at the same speed. I have no theories why it's like that, but it's kinda weird.
What's the simplest button sequence you can do manually after power is applied that makes this thing do what you want? For example, does delaying a bit and then holding the button continuously still allow you to use what you want?
Its a very sharp transition over just a few degrees, its always been that way since i first got it at 19k miles. It feels like it's acting to design, like really repeatable, just not sure why it would have to. Would love to hear from another '13 sky 2.0 US automatic owner tho!
Well, basically... &lt;delay&gt; &lt;hold&gt; is simpler than &lt;delay&gt; &lt;hold&gt; &lt;delay&gt; &lt;release&gt;
It... It looks like that is a rigol... rebranded
Kinda like a jabroni
The worst part is [building the thousands of transistors](https://hackaday.com/2010/05/13/transistor-fabrication-so-simple-a-child-can-do-it/) it takes to make a marginally capable microprocessor.
Make damn sure you test the thing before you buy it, most of them are nonfunctional now, at least if you intend to use tapes and not just the tuner.
I prefer something a little [more maintainable](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MBC-550) - the thing's built like a tank, and even in the later motherboards with the cost-reduce custom chips for part of the circuitry, you could replicate those chips with ordinary 74xx series logic if you had to. There's really no repair scenario you could get your self into with one of these that can't be worked out of with parts still available on the market. The power supply is dead simple too. I wrote a BIOS for it so I can run FreeDOS instead of the bundled DOS 2.11 that has an integrated hardware BIOS (the ROM pretty much just clears the screen and loads a boot sector, no other functional services provided). Since I wrote a BIOS, I figured why not add AES disk encryption, so now I've got nearly state of the art encrypted floppy support. For the curious, it decrypts about 1600 bytes/sec and encrypts about 1000 bytes/sec - I swapped the AES encrypt and decrypt functions to get faster decryption. Don't pay any mind to the wikipedia mentioning it uses FM floppy format - it doesn't, although the chip is capable of it, if it were jumpered that way. Without hardware alteration, it can only use MFM format, just like the IBMs of the day.
The first thing I'd try is some bootable linux live CD or DVD to investigate whether the partition is still accessible on the drive. If you can read the files there, then great - copy 'em to a USB drive or whatever and off you go. If you can't read the files, there are other approaches (if the drive is damaged, generally I try to use dd_rescue or ddrescue (i forget which is which, two different programs) and try to build a clone copy of the drive with as much readable data as possible - it allows multiple attempts per sector, and on drives with certain types of damage, you can read the entire drive with enough retries when otherwise it wasn't really bootable. It also allows stopping and restarting the recovery so you can try things like cooling or heating the drive and seeing if it makes it run better. If it's more damaged, maybe you are left without a functional filesystem on the clone, but it leaves you in a better spot to run a program like photorec to, in a fuzzy sort of way, pull what it thinks are identifiable files from the raw data. It's actually quite good at it for file types like pictures and word documents, but some file types can be misidentified or it may not be able to find all the pieces of them. If it's an unknown file type, it probably won't be able to recover it, and in the process, most files lose their metadata like filenames, folder structure, and modification times, etc, as photorec does not try to parse filesystem data for NTFS. To me, the key to maximizing success is you want to be doing something useful toward your goal of salvaging data all of the time the drive is powered up - who knows if the problem is continuously getting worse and you only have a short time to access it before it's in need of professional help. This is why the first attempt should usually be a quick stab into the filesystem in linux just to see if it's able to read the data normally - this can be very fast to get an answer if you know where the data you're looking for is, and linux is generally more permissive about messed up filesystem structures than Windows is, at least if there's any chance of accessing the data that way. If you run into a situation where you can't read anything at all from the drive, things are looking worse, but I would still try heating/cooling the drive to see if it responds at all like that, and if you don't hear anything mechanically f*d sounding, you may have a chance swapping the controller board from as similar drive as you can find on ebay (match model # for sure, try your hardest to match firmware version, and then get the drive with the closest manufacture date and same manufacture plant). We've never been successful the couple times we attempted that approach, but we were able to validate the technique in one attempt (donor drive ran with the suspected bad board, but original drive was still hosed). Also, this isn't really the correct subreddit for this kind of question, I'm sure others will mention better places.
Oh, never mind, you opened the drive. You're 99.9% fucked now, write it off and kiss the data goodbye. Otherwise, put the cover back on and hope for the best, but my bets would be against you.
Don't worry, we have tariffs on a lot of this stuff in the US now too. Not nearly that bad, but Trump found a way to screw with electronics trade in a way that benefits nobody but the government.
And keep in mind synthetic oil isn't some different variety of chemical, it's just the same as conventional oil but more pure and with hydrocarbon chain length much better controlled. It also breaks down, but does work a bit better and lasts longer.
In all honesty there's some hyperbole involved, but dust can seriously wreck stuff if it hits right. Lose one head and you're looking at a platter swap. I wouldn't trust the drive all that much after having it open at least, possibly in addition to whatever else was going on in the beginning.
Gotcha, yeah there's no account services line for bitcoin, thats for sure! :)
The bluetooth is retarded on the '13 as well, takes for f* ever to connect after you start the car and won't let you pair a new device while the car is moving (but it will let you do every single step up until the point it would create the link, then gives you a BS error which makes you want to try it again and is probably the single stupidest thing they did on these cars). The USB is horrendously incompatible with many USB sticks. If you can make yours play music and it works most of the time, that's where I'm at with the '13.
If it's not used, I would worry about the attack surface. There is a LOT of code in IPv6, it is network exposed (duh), and I would feel better with it just turned off if it's not providing a tangible benefit.
Here's what I recommend for testing that kind of stuff: disconnect power from the circuit and use a multimeter with a diode check function. You should get a voltage reading across each diode in one direction but not the other (unless there are other circuit paths in play). You can also test bipolar transistors, they will look like a diode between (base and collector) and (base and emitter). If you find a low volt reading in both directions (like 0.0 or 0.1), the part is probably shorted. If you don't get a reading (same as meter unconnected) in both directions, the part is probably failed open (or you are measuring from collector to emitter and won't get conduction that way).
I think it means over limit - at least if that's the same thing it shows when the meter isn't touching anything. Basically what diode check does, is it (tries to) put a little current out between the meter leads and see what voltage develops across them. Since diodes conduct sharply around a certain voltage, you end up reading that diode drop voltage. In this case, over limit would mean, it's already reached the max voltage the meter can put out and there's not enough conduction to hold the voltage below that.
Yeah it kinda looks that way
Yeah, I think those would be suitable replacement parts then.
Gotcha, that's about what I expected to see for the transistors. The little red colored glass diodes are probably pretty low rated, I'd guess a couple hundred milliamps (and they have a higher likelihood of failing open circuit in my experience) - the bigger black ones usually fail short circuit and can be rated a bit higher than the other ones - they can maybe do an amp or so continuously before heat is an issue, or a couple amps for schottky diodes.
I kinda used some weird shorthand describing the possibilities, but like: BC546A Let's use that as the example because all the letters and numbers are unique so I don't have to relabel them. With this part, the 4 means it's an NPN (the 4 would change to 5 if it's PNP) The 6 means the transistor can hold back more voltage than the others (7 and 8 in that spot mean worse voltage limits, but those work okay for this purpose anyway) A means the lowest gain range, which might not be good here. Get one with B or C in that spot instead.
Yeah that should work, I think tf refers to the packaging specifics, maybe the lead bend pattern, but it should be good. I didn't compare the pinout, might want to check if it matches the original, if you care about not having to twist pins around weird.
If there's an exploit out that can affect a linux box via IPv6, NAT won't matter because the router is already exploited.
IPv6 is an order of magnitude more complex. It's less used, less tested, and not at the point where I'd really trust the code and maybe even the specifications yet. That said, it's probably in better shape than our cellular protocols.
One LED
Also why the radio button selectors in computing GUI's are named as such, same idea.
Did a lot of jobs replacing those defective caps on motherboards and other equipment.
Ahh okay so it's definitely running then. RAM is probably fine. The -12V wire is the blue one coming from the power supply. Often you can straighten out a paper clip and stick it down into the top of the connector next to the wire to get contact, and if you stick a volt meter black lead onto the casing, you should be able to use the red wire and read -12V on the paper clip. If you don't get a good reading there after wiggling the paper clip a bit, my suspicion is the power supply isn't working right. My apologies if you've already tested the voltage :)
Oh okay, if you've tried another PSU that works in another machine then it's probably not that. Maybe next I would try measuring ohms across the dip switches and make sure the ones set to "ON" are actually shorted and the ones "OFF" aren't shorted. It's possible there could be a DIP switch to disable video output.
It might be interesting to see what happens if you put a CGA card in and have it rigged to boot into a program that uses the CGA directly (I don't have a particularly good recommendation - edchess I know can use direct text mode access but won't work unless the card is already in text mode, so you would have to write a short program to put the card in text mode). This would bypass BIOS initialization of it and help determine whether the CPU can actually talk to the CGA card or not.
For the cga init thing I just made, it probably won't work in hercules mode, make sure it's acting like a CGA card for that. But at least that can tell you if something's able to write to the CGA registers, something should happen when it runs, if the card wasn't already initialized - but it might just be a blinking cursor.
He stated in the video he wants to use parts of the engine in other projects.
At least the CPU can program the registers on the CGA card... the ISA bus is at least 80% functioning and the card is being powered. If this doesn't work, the chipset may still be redirecting video stuff to the internal video somehow (if there is a redirection process) or the internal video chip might not be disabling itself properly, or there could be other problems with the ISA bus.
When it comes down to it, there's only certain practical repairs that can be done on something like this, for example a blown fuse, or a bad connection in the board or a connector, etc (if the fault can be located!). If a main chipset piece needs to be replaced, there might not be a replacement available. However, if we come to find out that the internal VGA chip has maybe blown up, sometimes you can just remove the chip from the board and it will stop interfering. I did that with a failed ethernet chip on a newer machine - sometimes it would boot, sometimes it wouldn't and the chip would start to get really hot. I ground the chip off with a dremel, leaving only the pins attached to the board, and carefully made sure they weren't touching, then went over them with some superglue. Damn thing worked great after that. But yeah, at this point I don't really know what's happening on your system, just trying to think of data points we can gather without needing expensive test equipment.
Well, maybe. There could be different binding agents, but unlikely to affect the drug until well after the stated expiration date.
Keep in mind it wouldn't make sense to use that approach with a voltage-only controlled supply - it needs to have an output that regulates current and can tolerate the output being shorted, or increased load from running a higher voltage over a resistor (resistor would have to tolerate it too), etc.
I bet humans can pollinate them.
Looks like /u/Barkerbarker is yet to be surprised
Relays make electrical noise as well. The contacts can bounce. They can be fairly slow to finish moving. I'd wager that if it was considered acceptable to use the relays, the triacs or optotriacs would be fine and can be controlled better for switching at zero current than the relays can.
Yeah, true, it would add power burn, but at least its on the lower current end of the circuit. I think ultimately you'd set up a triac system to only switch at zero current and deal with the slower response - make up for it with more capacitance maybe. And maybe the better ones try to do something similar to extend the life of the relays in scenarios where they end up oscillating? I could see that happening in a programmable supply that needs to make wide voltage adjustments. But I think it could be a plausible retrofit for an existing product design. Maybe they've got a ton of these multi tap transformers bought in bulk and they want to eliminate the relay noise/unreliability so they can put more strenuous features in...
check for other use flags on ffmpeg and its deps, I think that stuff can be turned on with one, but I forget which it is.
Ohh, I think I see part of what you're saying now, that because you're switching between coils at zero current, that occurs at the voltage peaks, and therefore you get a voltage jump when you switch. I guess I can't really argue with that part! One would have to drop the triacs out at zero current, then bring them back in at 0 voltage, and that would create a mess with the transformer because now the current isn't balanced and you need twice as much transformer to not saturate... I guess I was assuming primary side coil switching, but I think it would make more sense to switch secondary side where the voltage jump probably isn't as bad, but at the same time, that puts it closer to the load end and might escape filtering more easily. I'm curious what exactly you mean by voltage harmonics being generated, is that basically the stepwise jump just from switching between the coils or are you talking about something inherent from the voltage drop over the triacs? I don't understand how losing voltage going into the transformer would cause it to experience more losses - the losses should scale with the actual current through the transformer and I^(2)*R losses, and those should be less with less voltage, all else equal. Though, if you were trying to drive an AC motor with a subtracted waveform (like if you stuck a few anti-paralleled diodes in series with it) , I could see it getting kinda weird because then there would be more of an expectation of the wave shape from the motor because of how stuff moves inside it - I just don't see how a plain transformer would care.
There can be a few reasons for wanting to do this: The capacitor is used for some sort of time delay or oscillator (probably not the case here but think of 555 sort of circuits). The capacitor is to stabilize the power supply; ie, decoupling or bypass capacitor - it could also be for a secondary power supply being generated inside the chip itself (the charge pump capacitor is one of these). Looking at the pdf, this appears to be all of them. They're just separated into different rails to help isolate noise away from the more sensitive ones. They could also be used to help stabilize some internal reference (okay, kinda similar to the last one, but maybe it's a node that's derived from some resistive dividers that aren't exactly of known value but are of known ratio, and the capacitor is there so once it finds its voltage it doesn't change very fast - but it's a little different than a voltage regulator that always expects the same voltage). Anyway the short story for this device is that those capacitors are just there to get rid of noise on those rails as close to the internals of the chip as possible.
Any that are bulged like that are worth changing out. The only exception is like bigger caps with a plastic cover on top that might be bulged separately from the metal - for those you have to press the plastic cover in to see if it's just the plastic bulged or the capacitor underneath it (but I've never seen one of those go bad anyway). That said, I'd expect more of a stability problem from caps near the CPU or chipset, but it could still possibly be related.
I would buy a few of them - you can always experiment by tacking another capacitor onto cap pins on the back of the board if replacing that one you found isn't doing it, but maybe tacking a 2nd onto the cpu cap bank might make it run better or you find another random spot where problems go away by doubling one up on the back... anyway it can be a lot quicker to experiment just that way, then replace caps the proper way if you find there are bad ones that aren't outwardly obvious. Or just leave the thing running with it hanging off the back side. I won't judge :) One hint, if you find a particular capacitor type/voltage/capacitance rating that's gone bad, the others of matching kind on the board should automatically be suspect.
Yeah in my experience most boards aren't very picky as to the precise capacitance, it just needs to be enough. Unless you're going like 4x the value it would have had, I don't think anything bad would happen. Just make sure the cap voltage is rated high enough so it doesn't blow up. I mean if you go crazy huge, you might burn up regulators just precharging the caps or a power supply might shut off thinking something's shorted. Many electrolytics are rated to +80/-20% tolerance, so honestly the starting value has more uncertainty than adding another cap to a 6 cap bank, etc.
The challenges are different. Creating a routing algorithm in 3d has a lot of easy outs that you just don't have in 2d because you have access to many planes of occupation instead of just one. The difficulty is the shit's literally flying, and by the time it's commonplace, there could be a lot of stuff flying up there with it with less well engineered guidance. There is still the question of locus of control, which at least for ground based vehicles, could probably be handled 100% in the vehicle itself, at least to the point of navigating to a safe stopping area. If we decide that flying stuff needs to have a centralized or regionalized controller system just for failsafe level operations, there's a lot of opportunity for failure there, and I could see it being rather unsafe. For example, is each flying car going to have a designated ditch path for every moment of its flight? This is understandable when you look at a single vehicle, but then when you scale it up, none of these ditch paths or destinations can intersect, and then it becomes kinda nightmarish.
Any change in genetics [influenced by humans; let's add in the common sense implication] is genetic modification, I think you're close enough with the title :)
It's reddit, all you can really do is be technically correct and take the downvotes that come with it
Yep, good advice for capacitor selection indeed! I usually sort on digikey by price, then paw through the list for something amongst the lowest ESR or highest ripple current rating, and not an overly short lifetime rating. Personally I'm of the school of thought that stopping with the soldering iron once it's working is a bit more likely to leave you with a working board, but that's a judgement call vs chance of future problems if more caps go bad. We had one board where dang near every aluminum cap was cooked because of the PSU fan failing (turned it into a convection oven), but the board was still sorta running. After replacing the 20 some caps, something was shorted, probably overcooked one of the vias, or who knows really. Just goes to show, there's always a way to break things until you put it back together. \*shrug\*
We're at the point now where operating system designs have to be built around a lot of assumptions that become important later - like solving coherency issues, synchronization, preemption, scalability problems that come up as systems get bigger, etc. What he put together is impressive, and more so when you consider a single person threw it together. But we're beyond the stage now where a single person can put a relevant general purpose OS together - it's just too complicated and unless you're targeting a limited range of hardware (or VM), it's not feasible to even tackle hardware support.
It's the 4 blankets, obviously. 3's the legal max per person for blanketing an officer but it just wouldn't do, and nobody else was helping. So they bravely risked their legal standing with the 4th blanket. It's quite a statement, when you consider that this person must also be a law enforcement officer, in order to answer the question.
It's all fair though, chicks have a permanent pocket built in!
This is something I've also worked on for band organs - I made up some PIC18 based controller boards that take MIDI input and output to a clocked serial protocol that interfaces with a Z-tronics driver board (those use a 12V protocol so I had to come up with some level shifters), but the idea works pretty slick - the MIDI controller can remap all the notes around to make the wiring easier, and can also provide two interfaces - one for normal music playback from an external MIDI player, and on another MIDI channel, have a keyboard layout for a human to tune the machine. The Z-Tronics board is convenient because it's hard to find a board with hundred or so 12V outputs otherwise with a documented interface for a decent price (actually needed to hack a 110th output onto their largest 109 note board for the last one we did). However it's unclear how long those boards will still be available from the manufacturer. The first controller I put together did a bit more - it also output MIDI for a piano synthesizer as the machine we were simulating normally had a piano, but we couldn't really consider it due to weight restrictions. It also had to limit how many active notes were being sent out to the electric xylophone, each channel took about 3 amps and after 10 notes our power supply was about maxed out. For driving that, I had to actually build my own 30 channel driver board; I couldn't find anything on the market that could do it for a reasonable price. That one also used another PIC18 in a "repeater" board that handled 7 channels of essentially low speed PWM that shapes the pulses sent out to percussion and to the repeating xylophone so that the drums and such work consistently no matter how long the MIDI note for them is. The xylophone driver has a convenient global enable line that lets all its outputs oscillate simultaneously from the repeater board's timing. The xylophone itself was set up for repeating mode, but independently on each note via make/break contacts, but that didn't look very fun to adjust, and spark suppression would have been another issue after we yanked out the *ancient* capacitors they had attached to try to accomplish that. Technically this could have probably all been done in software on the first PIC18, but doing it on a separate repeater board let me put 16 pots on it for adjusting the frequency/duty cycle of each channel, plus alternate duty cycles for two outputs ("loud" mode for a couple drums) - it's a lot easier to turn the screw and press a button to try an adjustment than connecting up a computer to reprogram the MCU. In a way, the repeater board should be seen not as part of the MIDI controller or the main coil driver system but rather a part belonging to the mechanicals of the percussion. It's helping the percussion behave more sensibly in the face of the original punch patterns of the music that aren't really tuned to fit it. It allowed us more freedom in making the mechanical actions and needed less complexity and adjustment options in them when the signal shape is better controlled to them. I'll try to find some pictures of this stuff after work!
I'm not sure about skin pockets, but I'd like to hear more about these kitten mittens... that sounds really soft and warm...
"Wow it's got a flashlight and a phone charger too!"
&gt; Option 1 and 2 are equally bad, option 1 is only slightly worse Does not compute
You're not the first person to mention that - the problem is that pocket has a hole in it!
I was just making fun of the logical contradiction - they're equally bad but one is worse?
Here's a treat for the holiday - pictures and info for an electromusical project I worked on a few years back. Unfortunately no recordings have been made of it playing yet otherwise I'd love to post some audio to listen to of it! Here's a link to the general schematic of the MIDI controller board - I couldn't easily add it to the imgur: [MIDI Controller](http://178.32.216.142/midiboard.pdf) - it doesn't exactly match the one pictured because that one has a built in power supply. This is [the thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/electronics/comments/a94fx9/my_design_of_a_miditotransistor_circuit_for_my/) that prompted me to finally put this up here.
Some of the percussion is repeating, so when a note is held in the music, the drum keeps striking, and the drums, etc that don't repeat like that, the period is just set slow enough that it won't double strike and the duty cycle is set to get the right impulse for it. It's not using the hardware PWM but rather a software PWM loop that keeps the chip nearly 100% busy - there is only a break for it to check whether the set button is pressed but the rest of the time it's just running countdowns for those channels. There is absolutely 0 timing bleed between the channels (timing is 100% independent from what's happening in the other ones, down to the CPU cycle), not that it needed to be that way, but it was an interesting challenge. [I just posted a gallery for my project!](https://www.reddit.com/r/electronics/comments/a9gnzw/finished_project_reproduction_pianorchestra_with/)
Yeah I'm not the happiest with creepage distance and such on that aspect but at least it's only 120VAC. Those boards come with a coating over the whole bottom that vaporizes off when you solder on it, and I didn't want to have to clean all that off to put a different coating on, etc. What I probably should have done was run separate wires over the top instead of trying to do all of it with solder bridging. It got a little tighter than I would have liked that way.
One of my coworkers is about to undergo that, had a sleep study and the doctor called him in at lunch to go over it and told him it was the worst he's seen so far. Still got jerked around and took weeks for him to get a temporary CPAP.
Be careful, some circuits can be damaged by that if you do it while the board's not powered. I tried that on a camper leveler board (basically a control IC, a driver IC and a bunch of relays), and after that I had to replace a relay and the driver IC that I fried trying to test the relays. Turns out it back feeds power into a big capacitor, and it's enough energy to kill the driver.
And depending on the ADC, you may not want to allow any current to flow through internal protection diodes, if it has them in the chip. Some analog circuits are thrown off by current going through the substrate. So, I guess, characterize the internal diodes if it has them, then pick your own diodes that conduct at lower forward voltage than those.
To add to that, it's not like we could really effectively choose what voltage we got - that arises from the chemistry and it's not very tunable without changing the elements the battery is constructed from. We chose the materials because they made batteries that worked better in general, and the voltage is just kinda what we got. Granted rechargeables made to work in place of standard batteries had to be selected so their full voltage wasn't much more than a full standard battery, or else there was risk of damage to the equipment. In the early days operating voltages were often much higher so it didn't really matter what exact voltage a cell put out because you'd be putting a bunch together anyway and being off by half a cell wasn't really an issue. Another part, say you had a 3V logic circuit that could operate down to 2.5V - if you used 2 alkaline AA's, it would run until they're about half empty and then you'd be down to 2.5V anyway. Many batteries are really a bad choice to get an exact voltage from directly, and most stuff will choose to have a higher voltage battery pack and regulate the voltage down to get what's needed.
Can you just adjust it experimentally then move the pot to the middle of the range it works in?
It may also be that something else has degraded in the drives and maybe only a tiny sliver of adjustment can make some work, or maybe its not possible at all via that. However the scope might possibly make that kind of situation more obvious.
I think there might be a couple cell phone video sort of things but we still haven't done proper recordings yet, unfortunately I don't have any myself :( However there are [some recordings](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=bill+nunn+organ) of other organs of the collection on youtube - the deceased actor in a couple of the results is unrelated! Most of the new music arranged by Alexey Rom or Rich Olsen is really good...
You should really try to locate someone that's familiar with those engines / ECUs and ask them the best way to work around this. On some engines, you're better off letting it think an O2 sensor has failed rather than feeding it a bogus value, which might prompt it to adjust the fuel ratio improperly.
For something like that, if you have specific requirements (more than "it lights up"), the search in digikey/mouser might help you find exactly what you're looking for. Also a good way to go if you want the stuff soon. But, if you can wait a week or three, I'd buy them from China on eBay in a bag of a few hundred - you'll get the best price that way. Like, check out [this](https://www.ebay.com/itm/3-5mm-Red-Green-Blue-Yellow-White-LED-Light-Emitting-Diodes-Assortment-Kit/192492707387?hash=item2cd1759e3b:m:mtQ753Xp6tB1xYkziehpURw:rk:3:pf:0&amp;var=492567310713) - note there's multiple ordering options there for different quantities and types, but it's hard to beat a cent or two per LED. I recommend buying things like this cheap in bulk ahead of time, and then you'll have it in the future when you need them, and they're pretty broadly applicable to different projects. When you start to get into more niche components, then ordering ahead just leaves you with boxes of crap you'll never use.
This is true, when you buy a batch of crap on ebay, it's very smart to do some of your own conformance testing - grab 20 of the parts and put them through a test circuit to at least make sure they work. If you buy resistors and plan to use them at more than 25V, put 30% more voltage than you expect them to see pulsed across them (duty cycle based to achieve a bit under their rated thermal figure) and see if they survive. You'd rather find out now than after they arc to crap when you push them. You can probably still use the cheap stuff but you'll know ahead that you need to series them up to do it. Measure their actual values and get a feel for the tolerance you can actually expect from them. And some parts are just foolish to buy from uncontrolled markets - for example, electrolytic capacitors on ebay are very often counterfeited, and if they're not, what's left is often dubious quality, if there even is a datasheet to base your expectations on. I'll pay a little more for capacitors on digikey because I don't want that headache later down the road. Generally, don't buy SD cards and similar on eBay. The key to understanding this is that every piece of flash memory manufactured that can be cajoled into storing some 1's and 0's *will* be sold (the wafer might be 80% bad or worse). SD cards have microcontrollers built in that map the good and bad areas of flash memory and try to manage it and make the potentially utterly garbage silicon do something useful. Manufacturers or resellers with the right tools can program those microcontrollers to lie about the capacity, not care as much about accurate storage, etc. Every single time I've bought cheap SD cards from overseas sellers that sell tons of random types of items, they were garbage. I always test flash memory by filling it with hashed random data, then reading it back and comparing if the hash matches. No match = trash can. I've even found faked power transistors, especially stuff that would be used in vintage audio gear. After some I bought started exploding (literally, one threw a piece of the die through the transistor's metal casing!!), I cracked one open and found that the die was about 1/10th the size of the original. I think a good rule of thumb is, if it's kinda cheap by its nature, then buy it cheap. Indicator LEDs, small signal diodes, .1uF decoupling caps, stuff that's about the cheapest end of that line of item. But beware when you start shopping for the better things in those categories, because that's when there's a temptation to try and fake them with cheaper stuff, or sometimes they even get ballsier and change labels on completely different parts, knowing that they won't actually work. But if you're buying the cheapest stuff anyway, there's not much motivation to do that.
The technically correct answer to this is that you can't actually tell (at least all the time) which way the electrons are moving just from it being 3 phase. The 3 phase description is only describing the voltage patterns between the phases, it actually says nothing about the direction of current. The direction of current is determined by whether the device is receiving power from its connection or sending power out to it. That said, the other replies on here will give a more useful description of the normal case of current direction.
An SCR is getting questionable when trying to protect around 1.3V - it might work though, but I would probably aim at using a beefy mosfet instead just so it's fully shut off and if there is still power trickling through when it's latched, you won't see the filament going - more obvious that there's a failure condition.
The idea is you have the crowbar switching element able to handle the instantaneous load of draining relevant capacitors and last however long it takes to shut down the power source. At 1-5V this probably isn't going to be an issue with little buck converters. However, if they blow the right (wrong?) way, you could be dumping the whole input power available to them as well. But yeah I don't think there's going to be a big issue with power handling with this kind of thing. You might consider putting the inline fuse before the buck converter. This will cover your bases better I think and make sure the output voltage is still stable regardless how much voltage is lost in the PTC fuse. The trickiest part of this whole thing is that you have normal operation at 1V - there's not a lot of mosfets or comparators or things like that which can operate that low, so you could be stuck requiring another power supply (maybe run it from the input supply to the buck converter, but beware of the danger that maybe that power supply drops to 2V, the buck is shorted out and outputting 2V, your crowbar can't operate at 2V and the 1V filament is dead). It's most desirable to have the crowbar system powered from the actual rail it's going to crowbar - it's the only rail you know is going to be present in case of an overvoltage. It gets tricky here unless you do everything with components that can run below a volt, like BJTs. But yeah so essentially there's 4 pieces to this you have to fit together: * The actual crowbar element and topology * Deciding what will reduce the current flow to prevent more damage (PTC fuse is likely fine here) * Over-voltage detection (comparator maybe? maybe just a voltage divider and an NPN?) * Crowbar latching (make your own transistor latch? add more capacitance to a mosfet gate and charge it through a diode? use a switching element that latches by itself?) Sorry, I probably left you with more questions than anything but at least it's some things to think about! There's always the other option of just buying a better f* buck converter that doesn't mess up... of course this is a judgement call against the repercussions of a failure slipping by.
Yeah, and probably 5000 earths worth of some crazy horrible radioactive nonsense...
I'm getting 35.9mpg in winter in Wisconsin here on a '13 skyactiv 2.0L, with a commute that has about 15 miles of 62mph, another 5 miles of 72mph, and about 25 miles of 78mph. So I think 44 is pretty solidly doable for my kind of scenario. That said, if I drive on backroads specifically optimizing for fuel consumption, I can get over 50mpg - I'd suspect 60 may be attainable in that scenario.
Let's just call this thing what it is then, it's an Atmel/Microchip ATSAM ARM M0 driving 360 LEDs at 15FPS :)
Almost looked like microfiche machines at first but after comparing, I'm kinda thinking not.
There's nothing more redneck wisconsin than this
I like the 2 byte, 11 bit offset call instruction. That can help compact code if used effectively. I did one of those in a 16 bit instruction length VM ISA, it consumed 1/16th of the instruction space and allowed -3328/+3326 word aligned displacements as well as -255 to +255 odd byte aligned displacements. The odd byte displacements are intended to allow stack data structures or other colocated but unaligned RAM resident mixed data/code fragments to call each other more compactly, even if the structures aren't word aligned. It can also do absolute or relative calls from byte/word registers - if doing an absolute byte call, it would call into the first page of RAM. The ALU source selector also provides a couple 16 bit constants, -1 and -6 (these can be made into syscall or debug dump sort of instructions as they need no other register to be occupied with address, just that SP is aimed at a bit of free stack). If SP doesn't point at free stack, then a stop instruction could be used as breakpoint with a scavenger thread that looks for stopped threads and executes their breakpoint. I'm debating making an alteration that opens up a bunch of fixed immediate call points in the first page of RAM and the last page of 64KB flash (and some bizarre stuff using a high byte of a word register), using part of the opcode as the low address instead of the operand data, if the second unused operand isn't set to 0.
I don't think it would help anyway even if that could expose the value - if you measure differences on differently sized satellites, you're probably just measuring different atmospheric drag on them, or magnetic effects, etc.
Could be capacitance, but scope measurements would help say. Could try adding a small capacitor and seeing if it helps the short cable.
If you have the keyless entry ones, the trick to prying them open is taking the physical key out of the fob, then prying the two halves of the casing apart starting at the end the key came out of. After that it's cake.
I don't know of any device in existence that switches batteries in a solid state way like that. It's doable in principle but man it would get expensive and ugly. It opens up the possibility of shorted cells if something goes wrong. I strongly discourage that approach. I only know of one device that switches batteries between series and parallel - and that's battery operated dremels with two speed settings. The power switch actually rotates different contacts onto the 4 terminals of the battery pack.
Yeah it definitely seems like something weird is happening here, like if these devices were made to connect to each other, you'd think there must be something wrong with that cable. It would be interesting to see what happens with a different short cable.
If you can boot a floppy, look at plop boot manager, it was the only one that i found that could kick off cd booting on my packard bell (admittedly its BIOS never allowed it, the CD drive was weird, and plop didn't work reliably but it could be cajoled on it) Just a thought!
.01% implies there's on the order of 10,000 things they test.... it doesn't even make sense to me.
It may be that there can be genes that link it strongly to one area or the other, but if they're all absent then it may not be as obvious.
A major issue with nVidia has been that their current drivers are usually great, but once a card gets to be a couple generations old, support goes down the toilet and newer distributions might not be able to support the version it takes for your card to operate. This coupled with the open source drivers being questionable at best leads to a lifetime limitation.... if you always use newish cards it's probably not a big deal though. Support for older AMD chips is a fair bit better because the open source drivers aren't complete garbage - and they usually start to shine when you go a generation or more back.
&gt; or were sharing the machine with someone else. ... and running with permission to kill their programs!
The idea with /opt is that it's like the "Program Files" model of installation where everything for one program goes in one folder. It's nice for programs that can't integrate with your system's real package manager because they're easy to remove later. /usr/local is where you can put your own scripts and overrides and things like that.
No, I understand how big it is but I'm talking about how many different mutations they've actually researched and figured out to make sense in tracing actual ancestry... you could certainly take it down to the base pair level and compare each one of them but your interpretation is only as good as the differences you find between genomes and being able to attribute their lineage based on a difference or set of them.
If you have time to run a conservative enough exponential progression of consumption, you could probably deal with most things relatively safely, stopping at signs of trouble.... the worst are ones that cause permanent damage, but aren't immediately obvious.
If this stuff truly has to be stuck in a drawer, there is flash memory rated for 40 years at max working temp. It depends how long you need it to store. If the thing will be powered up at least every couple decades, that should be plenty appropriate (you will probably not be storing a lot of data in flash memory built at the feature size required for that data retention, but you can find this sort of flash in a bunch of microcontrollers). If you know it will be powered up once a year (with enough runtime for it to handle flash maintenance), almost any crappy flash memory can be made to work, if you are 100% confident in whatever management system runs it (this is the hard part). You would almost have to do an accelerated aging test with a decapped chip - expose it to low level UV with periodic reboots and see if it stops working. Until you've done that, you really can't be sure. It may be easier from a procedural standpoint to test by using radioactivity to degrade the memory contents, but after enough to erase the cells a couple times the chip probably stops working. So, a negative result there can be ambiguous. I suspect this is a main reason that early SSDs tended to fail spectacularly. Bit rot in the wrong place just simply bricks them, and not all the required program parts or data were actually being refreshed.
I really don't understand how it's allowed that gambling machines can be networked together with anything.
Sounds like what /u/mccoyn is suggesting
F* weathertech, go findway.ca - I wonder if they have mats for 2019 yet...
It depends, but you may be able to soak some of them in superglue - if the part isn't getting too warm to start with that any added insulation effect might cause a problem. There are various mitigation techniques if you look around. Sometimes just replacing with a better part.
If it only happens with that disk, it's probably the disk. But you may want to try cleaning the drive heads, especially if there may have been any contamination on that disk (before you put a different disk in and possibly cause it problems)
Also never know if someone might have reformatted it on a DOS machine or something, \*shrug*
On 8 bit PICs (unless there are some with DMA channels), you can't do better than one instruction to read the port, one to write RAM, and then two to loop. Sampling 1 out of every 4 instruction cycles for a compact loop, or if you unroll it, once every 2 cycles for an unrolled loop. Each byte stored takes up 2 words of code, which translates to 4 bytes on pic16/18 or, well, 2 words per byte on the ickier small architectures. If you need to sample continuously, you're out of luck (unless you get creative with debug mode and use it to control and read out the capture, and have your main program space just roll around end to end with a pattern of data moves - advanced skillz needed). It's only doing it when the CPU commands it.
&gt; I did end up with the Voltage drops totalling to be slightly higher than the supply Voltage but that’s not a big deal is it? We’re talking like 0.08 Volts higher here. On average? That's not possible. What do you get when you lump all the resistances into one R? (this should work as they're all in series, and resistances in series add)
When they're used appropriately, good quality ones basically last forever. There have been some manufactured of poor quality, or incorrect ratings applied. Worrying about them in old equipment? Don't unless some have failed already. Wondering about using in new equipment? If you're not sure they're good quality, be nervous. Otherwise they can make sense for long lifetime products. Do your own over-stress testing beyond what the application will demand of them to make sure there's a good safety margin.
People underestimate how bad breadboards can get if you ever have to insert leads that are a little bigger, or you get contamination in there, etc. It just takes one bad connection to ruin your day.
I think pickit2 has some hacks for it as well, but don't quote me. I'm partial to that programmer because it's pretty solid and supports some nice extra modes - UART emulation is important for me. A no hassle way to dump data out to a PC just using the programming port and a jumper wire or two over to a real UART inside the micro. It's so much more convenient to hook up one cable and have programming, data output, and sometimes even power supply on smaller projects all ready at once.
[fixed the link for ya](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creamware_%28company%29)
I can say they're still decent in central Wisconsin.
In an absolute sense, rainwater is anything but clean. Proof? Set a glass out in the rain and see how much stuff ends up in the bottom of it. That said, it's mostly just collecting airborne particles and most of those are unlikely to be an infection risk.
I've collected tons of stuff just with a glass out in the open, being filled directly with rainwater.
Well, you'll be looking at PCI devices mostly - the most straight forward way to track these down is dumping out your PCI IDs. My personal recommendation is to boot a linux livecd from like ~3 years after that computer was out, and run the lspci -v command. It will dump out descriptions of all of the PCI devices - write those down for all the devices of interest. Then, do lspci -nv and write down the corresponding device IDs (and if not 0000:0000, the subsystem ids as well, just to be careful) for those devices. For example (and sorry, running this on a modern system so there may be minor differences in output), let's say I'm interested in a network card driver and I see this from the first command: 02:00.0 Ethernet controller: Realtek Semiconductor Co., Ltd. RTL810xE PCI Express Fast Ethernet controller (rev 07) Subsystem: Lenovo RTL810xE PCI Express Fast Ethernet controller Physical Slot: 0 Flags: bus master, fast devsel, latency 0, IRQ 34 I/O ports at 1000 [size=256] Memory at f0b00000 (64-bit, non-prefetchable) [size=4K] Memory at f0800000 (64-bit, prefetchable) [size=16K] Capabilities: &lt;access denied&gt; Kernel driver in use: r8169 Kernel modules: r8169 I would then find the matching lines in the second output: 02:00.0 0200: 10ec:8136 (rev 07) Subsystem: 17aa:381e Physical Slot: 0 Flags: bus master, fast devsel, latency 0, IRQ 34 I/O ports at 1000 [size=256] Memory at f0b00000 (64-bit, non-prefetchable) [size=4K] Memory at f0800000 (64-bit, prefetchable) [size=16K] Capabilities: &lt;access denied&gt; Kernel driver in use: r8169 Kernel modules: r8169 Hint: You can scroll up at the linux text console with shift+page up if you have to boot it that way In that output, the IDs I'm looking for are 10ec:8136 and 17aa:381e With those descriptions &amp; IDs, we can usually determine if a given driver will work on it by looking at the .inf file in the drivers. Very occasionally, a driver might work (or might partially work) if you hack its ID to match your system - if it's actually the right kind of driver. This can come up with sound cards and video cards - but if the board wiring wasn't done the same way, not all the inputs/outputs/etc might work.
It will in fact lower the resistance. The formula for parallel resistors is 1 / ( 1/(R1) + 1/(R2) + 1/(R3) .... ) But since they're all the same, it simplifies to dividing the individual resistance by the number of resistors. If you have 5, you're down to 2KOhms - which probably will still work.
Most of us won't know exactly what that machine is, but if you can describe the pieces, we can find drivers that way easier. You could try finding specs for that machine. That would at least help.
He still does a podcast with Leo Laporte called "Security Now" and it's still pretty relevant - https://twit.tv/sn - the episodes could be much compressed from what they are and still get the basic message across, but generally I only catch a mistake or two per episode, which is damn good.
Another option is reinstalling XP - we can get the device ID numbers from Windows XP pretty easily, but 98 requires third party tools to do it. Then after we have the numbers, install 98.
Lower ESR / higher ripple current are better (these are usually 2 ways of stating the same thing) Higher voltage is better but no reason to go above 25V, and probably doesn't need to be above 16V either (although we'd have to know what voltage is normally on it).
Chain two N mosfets together with pull-ups on their gates, buttons that pull the gates down, and both outputs fed to each others' inputs. Put a capacitor to ground on one gate to control the default state.
&gt; On the contrary there appears to be link between exposure to pure talc and ovarian cancer, that talc itself not asbestos contamination might be carcinogenic. I'd assume they ruled out motherhood vs talc use as a confounding factor, but can't help but to think of that. Or possibly talc use prompted by some issue also associated with ovarian problems? Either way, sounds like if you use a lot of talc, there's some reason to worry, whether it be the talc itself or something related to the reason you're using it in the first place.
Also, servers don't just start spitting data full blast - they ramp up the transmit rate until it starts to saturate the link - this takes time as well because each round trip only tells it that the other side could handle that rate, but still doesn't know how much speed is wildly inappropriate and would cause packet loss, thus another partial increase to see if it's swallowed or not... my guess is the speed is probably still ramping up when the 2MB finishes.
Used a dual P3-1GHz back in the day to do VHS -&gt; DVD capture and conversion using only open source or free closed source software. The two processors were just barely fast enough to real-time encode mpeg2.
A full bridge will lose 2 diode drops, but just one diode to prevent reverse flow only costs 1 diode drop. How much current are you talking here, and how much voltage can the circuit tolerate losing?
Sweet! Good job! Now play some Doom or Descent or something :)
This. I've never seen resistors just fail unless they're ancient and they failed because their materials are changing.
You're also releasing CO2 into the atmosphere as soon as you open it!
It's what I thought, and I had to scroll down 1/3 of the way to see it. I'm not even into Firefly...
If your power brick is isolated (it had better be if it plugs into AC with 2 prongs), it should do what you expect. If it's 3 prongs into the wall... well, who knows. I don't think there would be problems from powering the 5V part without the 48V part powered, but no guarantees. You'll have to remove any shorted components on the rail.
Yes but of what trip value?
Yes - simply that you don't have to learn it but it's there if you're interested. It doesn't have much value in an emergency scenario, in my opinion, unless it's at the scale of a national emergency.
Yup, that's exactly what it is. Plus, a "white" LED is more likely a blue LED with phosphors that downconvert blue light to green and red, or sometimes just yellow - that's enough to make the LED look the right color, but objects illuminated by it won't look right with blue+yellow. Blue LEDs need about 3V to light up.
Well it's true, just about every part of every cell has a chance of getting knocked around and broken or displaced through thermo-chemical events, occasionally with radiation, etc. That said, DNA is probably one of the more stable parts and it's quite possible that some of your original first cell DNA is still kicking around in places - if the cells that inherited the non-copied original chromosome halves (2 halves of each chromosome in each pair) didn't all die off - that is there could be up to two times our number of chromosomes of original DNA still functioning, and possibly some of them could get split between further cells if chromosomes were broken and accidentally interchanged with part of the other copy. But, it might only take 100 specific individual cell deaths to wipe it out.
There are two other instances of this question posted (not using cross post): https://www.reddit.com/r/rocketry/comments/bz367h/help_again_with_the_nichrome_wire_heating_with/ https://www.reddit.com/r/arduino/comments/bz35yv/help_again_with_the_nichrome_wire_heating_with/ /u/dylan_franks3 : When you want to submit a post to multiple subreddits, submit it to one and then find the cross post function to make that same post appear in the other subreddits. Otherwise, the comments will all be separate and questions and work will be duplicated. Thanks
You're going to run into problems you didn't even think about going in. Yes, you can use a mosfet for it (you may need a driver IC if you don't want to try to solve all those problems yourself), and you can use a microcontroller or a signal generator to generate a PWM signal for the mosfet. There's probably really elegant 555 circuits for it too. At that point you might have something "working", but it's probably not working well (also, other things nearby it might not be working well). Now's when you start thinking about putting the power circuitry in a grounded metal box, adding filter inductors and capacitors, and things like that, and this is where it gets ugly.
This is exactly the kind of thing that needs to be hidden in the back of a server closet or something, to be found 20 years from now and create the biggest WTF ever
With that sort of construction, you have a pretty good assurance it will work 20 years from now if the flash/ROM chip was well programmed (hell, even if it lost 20% of its data you could probably still tell what what was there); like you say there might be an adapter or two needed tho...
To me it's the worst - other drugs you have to actively do something to increase their effect (barring absorption/onset timeframes)... ultimately tiredness comes and goes as it pleases.
I don't know if I buy that - often you have to bounce through tree links several times before you can reach the data element you're looking for. That's if you're only following one reference - if you have to go a few deep in linked structures, multiply the bounces by that before you can find a bigger chunk of data you actually want. Latency is probably much more important for most database workloads.
Don't know who downvoted this, but especially later 3.5" disks were often not good quality and you will need something better than the standard hardware/software to fully recover data.
Those are some frightening capacitors. I bet you could measure a temperature rise if one got discharged through you. Or rather, someone else could measure the temperature rise.
On PICs there's generally two ways it can work: If the PIC has no internal clock, it \*will\* be configured by flash memory config fuses because the CPU needs it to run at all. If I'd make a guess for how the pins themselves are configured, I would guess this in general. If there is an internal clock, there may additionally (or instead, or not) be software selectable modes by writing values to SFRs (Special function registers). This is more likely to show up as options for selecting fallback or alternate clocks, or to alter PLL settings or clock divisors (if equipped). I suppose there could still be divisor options even when an external clock is required, but I haven't had chips like that. It's still likely that some parts are still configured only by fuses tho. The datasheet will describe how this works at the config fuse or raw register level - this is your best source to understand what the chip is capable of.
I have a suggestion but I don't know how practical it is. I would take an aluminum block or slab and cut it into 2 pieces, then grind/cut out a space between them for the shaft, taking into account the key surface that keeps it from spinning freely. You want to make sure that part fits tight or you could have unwanted movement between it and the shaft. Grind down one external edge into a shape appropriate for pushing the head down, and then drill a hole on each side of that to secure the 2 pieces together with nuts and bolts. It would be kinda a pain to do, but with enough tools or patience, it should be doable. You can use the broken off bits as a template for the shape it should have (but you can make any sections of it that have room bigger to make it easier).
They, and many other chips are reused. However, it gets really ugly, and is generally a shady business, and usually it's only done when supply/demand is favoring the demand side (often stuff sold that way is not in current manufacture, and the intended consumer is maintenance or manufacture organizations that can't find the right chips for the stuff they maintain or continue to manufacture using old designs). How do you do quality control on a situation like that? These microcontrollers could have burnt out I/O drivers or other issues. In general they won't be tested because there is so little profit to be made in the first place. I've heard stories of pulled chips and new-old-stock chips that have been sitting in warehouses forever being smuggled into China for resale back to the rest of the world. The warehouses do not want to piece these out one by one, they want to clear their space and get whatever small cash they can for them. One person told me he's seen chips wrapped up into bricks like they were being smuggled like drugs, sent over to China. The whole thing is pretty bizarre in my opinion and generally the "why not" is that you have no idea what you're buying and it's really a last resort, if they even tell you they're not new so you can make the choice.
I only know of it from a few conversations I've had, but when you see China sellers selling chips that obviously were made in the US decades ago.... well, that's the sort of thing that probably got them there. If you want to reuse chips for the sake of doing it, look for electronics recycling companies. Some will be willing to deal. For best results, pull the chips yourself so that you know the condition of the thing they came from (devices that still run are obviously best), and you know the magic smoke wasn't torched out of them during removal. I picked up a telecom trunking box from my work that they were throwing out. Thing was a complete score - almost all chips were socketed and there were some real treats - the thing had 3 dual ported RAM chips that can be used to link 2 CPUs together with a chunk of shared RAM, tons of random logic ICs, no less than three 8-bit processors, a bunch of analog mux ICs, like 7 EPROMS and a bunch of SRAMs... really cool stuff in my opinion. BUT... turns out this device was the spare parts one, all but one board were marked as bad (probably only a couple things blown on each, but which??)
All Microchip PIC microcontrollers based on flash memory that I know of can be reused. There is no way to disable erasing and reprogramming the chip - the restriction is that erasing the chip must erase everything before the code protect fuse gets reset. The reason is that if these chips are all programmed and on boards, and a major bug is found, having no way to fix the code is a huge expensive problem. If the model number fits the pattern of PICxxFxxxxx then I would bet money it can be reused. Many microcontrollers work this way if they are capable of being erased and rewritten.
This fact has been exploited to read out code - decap the chip and expose just the config fuses to UV to try to reset the code protect cells. On some, a mitigation was added by putting a tamper resist layer over the fuses, but it was then discovered that you could still get UV to the fuses from the side of the die... Typical cat and mouse game. If there's data in there, there's a way to read it, the question is how expensive it is.
I personally recommend an optotriac. For small currents, they are usually 6 or 8 pin ICs, and you usually drive the input like an LED (it is, after all, an LED inside). They take care of the business of switching AC, and there is no electrical connection between the AC and low voltage side, so very little noise makes it back through to the control side. I have used these successfully to switch relays and small light bulbs. For bigger loads, there are power optotriacs that can be heatsinked - these can work well for dimming incandescent bulbs, but it's a little strange to drive them for that purpose, and you need a version of optotriac that lets you turn it on at any point in the AC phase (they all can only turn off when the current is very close to zero, so switching a DC load, they will never turn off). One complication you may run into, is that if the voltage at the output changes very sharply when off, they may turn back on. Look into snubber circuits if you suspect this happening. Out of many projects, I have never had to do this. Many AC-only solid state relays are based on this component - the extra cost in that case is the packaging, easy connections, and maybe a snubber built in.
Ultimately it often comes down to a cost thing. With more shielding and filtering inside (and not even at the input/output - sometimes you want to add some inertia to the switching node so the changes happen more gradually), you can make pretty clean DC-DC supplies - but not many people understand the issue or would care to pay more.
Z80 and 6502 are pretty easy to interface with. Intel 8088 is also an option, but it can be slightly weirder to work with. Intel 8052 is a bastardized half microcontroller half microprocessor. It can run with internal or external memory (unlike the 8088 it is simple to implement a system with, but more limited). If you're looking to learn how to connect peripherals with CPUs, this is an okay route. If you're trying to actually do something functional, stop here and look at microcontrollers instead.
Oh it definitely can if it impacts food production enough.
Every once in a while it will be a capacitor that doesn't look bad - the easiest way to test without special equipment is a few at a time, soldering a capacitor across each existing electrolytic one above 10uF or so of a value around 1/3 to 1.5x of what the existing one is. If it starts working, you likely found the problem. You have to make sure you meet or exceed the voltage it experiences though, for safety, at least match the voltage rating on the existing one.
&gt; Oversensitive protect circuit Reminds me of a horribly intractible car radio problem a buddy of mine ran into... protect circuit erroneously triggering. No schematics available. I was able to find that part of the circuit with finger fuzzing because it was so close to activating all the time, and ended up grounding out a line to disable that part of the protection once I located where it was and found that a resistor to ground on that node made it stop shutting off. That said, I don't recommend the finger fuzzing technique anywhere near the business end of the backlight circuitry for a fluorescent backlight. Some LED backlight voltages can be scary too.
Find the cheapest microcontroller with bluetooth (do NOT use a microprocessor), and you will want to have it drive a mosfet to switch the LED. You also want to hire someone to put this design together for you. You're not even at the point of making this work on a breadboard - getting it together in a product will require help.
You could take the alternate approach and have both Arduinos monitor their voltage and raise or lower their power consumption in response to what's happening at the middle node. Should you? Probably not.
I would wonder more about aluminum electrolytics than the tantalum caps - my suspicion is one of them popped. If a tantalum went, you'd hear remnants rattling around inside. Of course try to visually inspect as well as you can to see if it was a different component that went.
&gt; I think you mean 4 or 5 years? Could they do a bit better than that? It appears that below 70% charge level, it loses about 1% charge per year or so, even on the original 1st generation (testing done from unopened battery packages that were originally factory charged around 70-75%) - they were measuring about 60% a decade after manufacture. It seems possible the self discharge could slow even more at lower charge level. In theory, if you create a low power timer, you could actually make a light flash for decades, as long as that discharge doesn't exceed the remaining power budget you would have had by then (it would not be able to blink all that often).
The biggest improvement is when we went to switching converters - instead of having a transformer that needs to handle line voltage (120/240VAC) - which by their nature require some physical size to the transformer to be able to withstand the relatively slow AC wave. Transformers are a type of inductor, and in order to keep currents reasonable and not generate too much heat in the wires, you need a lot of inductance. Large inductances that can handle more than a tiny bit of current need more mass. Modern switching converters don't operate at 50 or 60Hz, they operate at much higher frequencies, and don't need as much physical size to hold the current back for the shorter duration of the switching pulses. Another way of looking at it, the bigger a transformer is, the more energy it can transfer per cycle - cheaper electronics have made it practical to use smaller transformers with a faster cycle speed generated inside the power adapter, rather than linking it to the line frequency. Beyond that, capacitors have gotten smaller as well, semiconductors have gotten more well integrated, and various other things have been incrementally shrunk. But the biggest single improvement is the smaller transformer. --- However, to directly answer your question, we've been using switching converters for most products in the last 15 years, and certainly for all of the devices you mention. In that timeframe, it's been a lot of those incremential improvements, including efficiency improvements that allow the adapters to be smaller. Efficiency is a huge deal because you can only dissipate as much heat as you have surface area or airflow, and without cranking up efficiency, it's hard to get small, especially when surrounded by an insulating plastic case. But it's difficult to point at any one improvement for that. Here's a list of the general areas that improved: * Transformers with lower losses - better winding patterns, more accurate manufacturing, better core designs * Switching transistors with lower losses (MOSFETs especially at this power level, mentioned by /u/Doctor_Mudshark) * Active rectification (using MOSFETs instead of diodes to rectify, as the MOSFETs can be turned on to nearly eliminate their voltage drop) * Active PFC circuits that can build up a higher voltage for the transformer, letting it run more efficiently - any efficiency gain within the adapter is just a side effect of its primary function (Power Factor Correction) - making the adapter more well behaved on the power grid - drawing more current when the voltage is higher, like a dumb light bulb does, instead of drawing more current when the voltage is lower (or other more complicated patterns), which leads to higher losses for the power company, were it not corrected. * Cheap and small controller chips that can help optimize how power supplies function vs just a simple oscillator, as well as add safety features These are just some general areas that have gotten better - I'm probably forgetting a bunch!
An advantage of the controlled pulses into the transformer is that the power can be precisely regulated, and when the load slows down its draw, the pulses are sent shorter. This can improve efficiency further in the transformer by lowering the current while it's conducting, down to a limit where it may be more efficient to have a minimum pulse length and less frequent pulses. This complex sort of control is enabled by the cheap controller chips.
It depends on the particular power adapter. It is true for many cheapies. Better engineered ones are actually really good though. In the grand scheme of things, the noisy power adapters rarely cause serious interference problems (unless you're into amateur radio, in which case, I can anticipate the reply to this), and the power savings is still a win, even when the utility has to pay a little extra overhead for the bad power factor.
Yes, it's much improved. The old school big transformers had a constant magnetization current in the transformer that couldn't be turned off. The newer ones only need to put a pulse through as often as it takes to keep the output topped up. Sometimes it's still possible to waste power in the newer designs (inefficient control circuit power supply comes to mind - that is, the controller chip in the power adapter must be powered somehow, and this small supply can be inefficient), but in general it's much better now.
Yep, corrected this in another place but missed this one. Thanks
Yeah, if you're still getting the short with the cables unplugged from the board connector, well, I don't think removing that connector will help. Like mentioned other places, it's likely the actual USB socket could be damaged, but if that's removed from the equation and it's still not working, this problem will get much harder to solve. At that point I would recommend replacing the board, as you will probably spend much more time and effort trying to track down the problem. Inspect all of the USB ports carefully with a flashlight - hopefully you will find bent pin(s) in one.
Although it's described as asynchronous, there is still a synchronization - but it happens less frequently. For example with RS-232, you get synchronization every 10 bit periods during transmission (for the typical case of 8-N-1 style transmission) - the time when the start bit begins triggers a timer that waits for one and a half bit times, then it starts clocking in data bits. So basically, you need to stay in the right bit slot for the following 9 bits for it to work correctly - it ends up being that the clocks can be off by up to about* 5% before problems happen. But, this is the total error - one clock could be off -3% and the other off by +3% and it would fail. To get it back more in tune with your actual question, as long as both systems have ways to divide their clocks down to within a couple percent of the target, the main clocks can vary as long as the UART itself is fed a close enough clock. *Noise also affects timing margin. Time counting granularity can play a role too - often a UART takes in a higher multiple of its BAUD rate, and uses that to synchronize the phase of its clock. That is, the moment the start bit shows up would be between pulses of the BAUD clock - how do you count "1 1/2" with an unknown offset and granularity of "1"? But, granularity of (1/8 or 1/16) is good enough to work in practice, but diminishes the timing margin. 1/4 can even work, but you lose half of the timing margin.
If there's 6 of the same value like that, it's likely some aren't showing their full capacity (you'd expect 6*220 for a total rating around 1300uF). Normally large capacitors like that would be in parallel, not series on a board. Possibly 3 are on one rail and 3 on another - that would make more sense for the measurement you got.
It's highly unlikely 220uF capacitors are in series. It's possible, yes, but I've never seen it done in real devices. You would normally use a higher rated capacitor instead. The numbers still don't make sense for series/parallel combinations. The best you can do is a 2+2 series+parallel arrangement of 4 capacitors - this gets you the value of one capacitor with a double voltage rating. You could then parallel that with 2 more for 3x the capacitance. But, this would never be done because you could have just used 3 capacitors from the beginning. If he were measuring 330uF with 6 capacitors, it could make sense that two groups of 3 parallel capacitors were placed in series. This is at least plausible if they had a bunch of those capacitors but needed a higher voltage rating. It's still highly weird and i've not seen it done in practice.
Right, I'm assuming they used the word series incorrectly.
&gt; he didn’t go back to pecking Mark this incident on the calendar!
This chip has an internal oscillator available - use this first, then consider using an external oscillator once you have that working. Certain ports have peripherals that might interfere with GPIO operation - comparators come to mind. You often need to disable comparators manually. Other than that, not much help we can offer. We have no idea what code you're running or how your programming setup is configured, how things are wired.... etc.
Ethernet tends to get hit via a cable or DSL internet connection being part of the lightning path. It's rare for lightning to come in the power line and leave through the same path, but coming in through a phone line or cable line tends to do things like this, no matter where it ends up leaving.
You don't need the resistor during programming, but when running the chip, if the voltage gets brought to ground, it resets the chip. You can also turn off the MCLR function in the config fuses.
Yeah typically the modem is toast when that happens. I think the controlling factor is that the AC adapters on modems and routers have a bit more voltage withstanding than the ethernet transformers, so it likes to go that direction. Or at least it puts up enough fight that it takes some on both paths. Why all modems don't have a 3 prong direct AC plug with proper surge suppression inside... I have no idea.
USB 3.1? Wrong subreddit; I doubt you'll find an audience here
Nope, without the chip it's unlikely you'll be able to boot it normally. BIOS config settings are stored in the chip, so not only will it forget them (situation with no battery), it won't be able to know them at all. It's socketed, just replace it.
&gt; When you say it is an open hardware platform, what exactly is open about it? Is USB 3.1 even open?
If you don't disassemble the power supply itself, you won't electrocute yourself with this. In the case of a peltier element, it's okay to run it at lower voltage than specified. You're okay to try it. Make sure you keep the hot side cool (or at least, warm) somehow - big heatsink and fan. If you allow the hot side to overheat, it will destroy it. If you don't need as much heat transfer, you could even run it from 5V. Don't be tempted to run it at "7V" by using the 5V and 12V lines - this might work for something small like a fan when there is enough load to pull down the 5V, but if you try it with this you will probably destroy the power supply.
To run from 12V: Connect + to 12V and - to ground To run from 5V: Connect + to 5V and - to ground Don't connect + to 12V and - to 5V; it will likely destroy the power supply.
Yup
If you've got a 12V fan you can connect it to one of the 12V wires - I'd connect two of the other ones together with the + for the peltier - it draws more current so more wire feeding it isn't the worst thing. So like 2 12V and 2 ground wires for the peltier, and 1 of each for the fan is fine - it doesn't use much current. Double check the fan says 12V on it and should be fine.
The DS/DD disks might have largely escaped this, but for sure 1.44M 3.5" ones got pretty terrible toward the end.
What kind of DC power supply are you using?
Must be ABC 125-1DM - those can do a whole amp up to 125V. I'm puzzled as to what's happening here.
"You cut yourself doing what?"
It's one of those things where you start looking at the theory, and it seems halfway simple. But, the closer you want to get to sine wave AC, the harder it all gets. And then doing it without noise problems... Anyway, I'll point you to a cautionary tale: https://ludens.cl/Electron/chinverter/chinverter.html
However, in practice, those laws are used to get solid convictions if people are transmitting inappropriately. It's convenient to not have to prove transmission, only possession. But if you never transmit, they would never know, and that's not the kind of conviction they were after with those laws. It may not stop them if they somehow get wise to you though.
Yeah Skyactiv-X might make your car look bad. We can't have that.
They will probably be toward the lower right of the picture, obscured by the other cables. But /u/drake9800 is right, often for older boards (older than this!) - there may be nothing but a keyboard connector (and probably speaker) on older motherboards. It's the only piece almost guaranteed to be on the motherboard because the keyboard controller is often involved in other important functions.
Well post some of the questions you've got here now, and we can start at it. If something leads down too big of a rabbit hole, that can be its own thread if needed. My take, that chip you're looking at advertises itself for I2C/SPI switching - these are other digital busses. It would also be appropriate for low speed USB (like, low tech keyboards/mice) and might work at USB 1.1 full speed - the minimum that can connect things like USB storage. But, I doubt it would work at the higher speeds available with USB2 and it would definitely not work with USB 3.0/3.1 speeds (probably those wouldn't work with your physical switch either, maybe not even USB2.0).
I think there are microwave-absorbing cooking apparatuses that can be used to conductivity heat bacon in a microwave. But yeah without that it probably ends up below standard. It also makes it take longer to heat up, for what it's worth.
Also keep in mind that most power limits are reached by heating effects on various components. If the heat only shows up in things attached to heatsinks, you have a lot of thermal mass to hold the temperature down longer. But, if there's a thermal weak point in a small component with no thermal mass, the failure can happen quickly. That said, I bet your 25W mode is okay to use unless you are transmitting continuously without breaks for a while, maybe even continuously if the room temperature is a ways below the max specified for your supply.
USB signals are not 5V - I think you need to look at that a little more closely. But I'll give you a hint that it's often simple to run USB devices from 3.3V from the USB 5V power and a regulator.
When you start looking at impedence matching, you're looking at like USB 2.0+ speeds - what are you trying to do?
I'm not sure. It may be because USB only guarantees 4.4V for power, and maybe there were margin concerns for the signalling. But it operates with 3.3V signals (I'm not sure if this is still true for higher speeds, they may use lower voltage signals).
Usually a sufficient test is making sure none of the pins are shorted together inside the transistor (you should never see 0 ohms), and you should be able to measure a diode between the base and the two other pins (direction varies if NPN or PNP). If I'm troubleshooting a board, I don't go further than that normally.
I still see it quite often on power supply boards, they can make handy test points at times.
I think the worst that can normally happen (and it probably takes some bad gas or defect or weird driving patterns) is that the intake valves may clog, but the 2.0 aims the valves right to the front of the car and honestly it looks like a 3 hour project I can do myself to clean them if I need to.
If you trust your current mechanic, it doesn't hurt to use them for the stuff they can do. I know not all Mazda dealers are great. I don't think lubing the brakes and locks need to be done nearly as often as the dealer likes to, however if you're concerned about warranty coverage on those parts, make sure to do all the maintenance specified **in the car's manual** - if it doesn't say it in there, it doesn't matter. Make sure to keep receipts of all maintenance should there ever be a question about warranty coverage. The recall, definitely do at the dealer because this shouldn't cost you anything.
And if they don't have an appropriate job for you they can make it as nebulously torturous as they can imagine. Being able to work is a form of self protection, because the laws ultimately cannot fully protect you. Any relationship that's not mutually beneficial is unstable by nature.
Do your reflow without the camera present, solder it in after? It doesn't look like it would be too sensitive to hand soldering.
You would need to use 2, and the control circuit gets kinda weird. MOSFETs always conduct in one direction, so you would only be able to block half of the AC wave with one. You should consider an optotriac.
It's about as much work to tape the thing up probably, for an experienced tech. You can drag solder that kind of thing pretty easily I believe.
&gt; he did get a monoclonal antibody which seemed to be really helpful This is one of the best approaches if applicable and you can actually get someone to do it.
It's somewhat expensive and I don't think there's a lot of labs equipped to do it. When it works though, it basically gets your immune system to kill the cancer. I believe it lets us use antibodies that the body doesn't naturally produce, or doesn't recognize it needs to produce. If they can find one that matches the cancer but not other tissue, game on.
You definitely can use 2 mosfets - I already did it in one project (a low voltage wired remote control to fire an AC relay). You have to use one mosfet in series with another, with the body diodes pointing opposite directions. The challenge is controlling the 2 gates. MOSFETs are desirable in medium power solid state relays because they don't have as much voltage drop as TRIACs, and they can also be used with either AC or DC with the right drive circuitry.
I had to cheat a little bit in that project - it's "low voltage" but neutral referenced and unisolated. But as long as the neutral connection is okay you can't get zapped (but it's all plastic casing anyway so really there's a double safety factor to start with). But, it did allow me to not require another power supply, which was the main goal - the "power supply" to drive the gates is just a high value resistor or two, I forget exactly how it hooked up, and I think there were a couple more components. It took me a while to come up with the circuit though. But no extra wall wart hiding somewhere. The funny part is you could grab one wire to the switch, have someone else grab the other, and touch your other hands together, and the relay comes on.
Well, here's the bad news - failures tend to cascade. It's quite possible that the transistor is the origin of the problem... or... something else started driving it wrong or its load is shorted out. Personally I wouldn't pursue trying to repair it but you could make an attempt. Another possible route, if the wiring to the LCD is matching a standard, you could try to find another controller board. Side note, that part appears to be heatsinked like mad with the board copper - you would have had better results removing it if you preheated the whole board and then used a beefy soldering iron or air tool on it.
Fun fact: Brushless "DC" motors are actually AC motors - the polarity and timing to the coils is controlled by a chip inside that's fed from DC.
&gt; So I'm safe from sharks until they learn how to drive. Careful, if you can see the water, they can hit you with their lasers.
I'd move C and D down visually on the schematic to make it look cleaner - like have them branch off left from the bottom segments :)
It's just a larger plug but no difference in the connector (I'm familiar with what you're talking about). The B doesn't mean anything related to the size, they just tend to print it on some of those larger ones. That side of the USB micro connection is the B connector. The other side is the A connector.
The neiko/tooluxe/radio shack 4xAA battery powered iron is decent. BUT, you have to use high power batteries. For example, NiCD, NiMH, Lithium primary all work fine (I recommend Eneloop NiMH personally, but lithium or NiCd is an option if saving the weight makes it easier for you to use). Alkaline works in an emergency but when the batteries are half dead it starts to get useless. Carbon-zinc batteries only work for 10 seconds at a time. Not recommended. Heating is done by holding the button which warms the tip up. It takes a little getting used to but the tip warms up and cools down at a good speed. You can control the temperature pretty well with a little practice, but keep in mind it's only outputting about 12W. It's sometimes possible to solder heavier connections if you get a glob of solder hot on the tip, but desoldering heavy connections is difficult. I will say the tip is much more robust than you'd expect for something in that price range (you can do a lot of soldering with it before the surface gets bad), but it is likely to break if you drop it on the tip. It's much better for working with leaded solder - I have not tried to use it much on lead free. If you need high power portable soldering, you need a butane soldering iron. However, I do use these as my primary soldering iron for assembling things (mostly through-hole perfboard projects). For me the most valuable parts are, no cord in the way, and heats up / cools down quickly. [This is the one I'm talking about.](https://www.amazon.com/Tooluxe-40420L-Cordless-Soldering-Spotlight/dp/B002GQCYUK)
The cold heat ones ARE garbage. The neiko/tooluxe one is okay. It does depend what you do day-to-day. It can be enough to keep in a car to get you out of a bind, and if you use eneloops, they will definitely be charged when you actually need to use it.
Yeah for this particular thing, I'd say it's a use whichever tool you're more comfortable with.
I don't believe there's a way for both to coexist sensibly using the programming pins at the same time, unless the RS-232 were virtualized through a special debugging+UART protocol that handled the debugging breaking into the sequence of things, and were only capable of UART'ing with a PC equipped with the right hardware and software to un-virtualize the UART. The way debugging likes to work is it when it's flagged by the programmer (pickit or whatever), the microcontroller CPU stops and switches to a hidden chunk of (reprogrammable!) code in the flash memory. This code is responsible for speaking the debug protocol with the PC, and performing actions on its behalf (reading/writing memory mostly). But when you think that this communication must occur over the same wires as the UART, how do you not screw up the UART stream when debugging occurs?
Engineering is getting too easy with higher integration parts. It's starting to take effort to make things crappy!
I think this is a result of all the Witch House music over there
The 5V feeds into a 3.3V regulator (the device runs from 3.3V internally, but USB provides 5V so it must be able to handle that input somehow to accept USB). Apparently this regulator is happy if you power its output directly and don't give it anything on its input pin.
Nope, if you had 3.3V you could do that - you don't have 3.3V. You have an inconvenient battery voltage where for part of the discharge you'll have to reduce its voltage and for part you'll have to increase it. Since there is already a 3.3V regulator, it's simpler to boost it up high enough for that regulator to operate (unless it's a low dropout regulator, it probably needs at least 4.5V to work properly).
No because a resistive divider can't increase your voltage (this is only the strongest reason, there are other reasons not to). The battery voltage ranges from probably 3V to 4.1V or something like that.
Not all elements weigh the same, so it depends if your "part" is atoms, or a unit of mass.
Yep, it would likely come with a mouse tho but someone might have the same receiver separate. Just by knowing the frequency doesn't mean it would work though - that's like saying it tunes to the same radio station but it needs to hear the right songs. 27MHz is one of the "free for all" sort of frequencies where anyone can make equipment that works in that band if they stay under a certain transmit power limit, but exactly what's transmit could be anything. If the receiver has a program button on it, it would definitely work (with the right kind of receiver). If only the mouse has a program button, it's either not secure (anyone could link a mouse to it at anytime) or it would require a special program on the computer to join it with a different mouse (this is logitech's solution to not need a button).
It will be easiest to fit a new USB micro port in. Yes, it's possible to put a different port in there, but if you do that, you can't solder it directly on the board. You will have to play twice as many games just to do it, and you could just use an adapter cable otherwise.
You can look up the pinouts for a USB-C and Micro USB port (hint, pinouts.ru is a good site for it) - between this and maybe a couple more google searches, you can figure out what wires need to go where. But the challenge by far is in the actual soldering and mechanics of it.
Another way to reach that kind of mileage is on backroads and using neutral in downhill areas - try to accelerate near full throttle in top gear up inclines, and coast down in neutral. Keep RPM near lower end of top gear when accelerating. &lt;insert safety disclaimer; car won't accelerate in neutral&gt; You're right on seeking the lower end of gears - on my '13 Sky 2.0L, the magic speeds are 21mph, 31-32mph, 43-44mph, and you have to be in auto mode, not manual, for the 22 and 32-32. It's unfortunate it doesn't apply the clutch disengage logic in manual mode and instead forces you to a lower gear - which can hurt efficiency, but I think they were going for a consistent "clutched most of the time" feel in manual. On my car, 6th gear is always clutched - if they didn't require it, it could maybe reach down to 38-40mph.
Well, what I mean is, for it to match, it has to both match the frequency band, and match what's sent in the transmissions. Just matching the frequency isn't enough to make it work because anyone can use those frequencies. Typically you need a receiver by the same company or even same exact model, or a lot of luck.
I would try to locate and measure oscillators and see which are drifting.
Spray duster upside down is great for troubleshooting this way - but make sure the liquid doesn't leave a weird residue.
This would be better to get a fully optimized circuit for it, and you would only need like 3 bits of state (assuming it were impossible for values like 1,2,4,5,7,8... to exist). If I were doing this with physical chips, I'd probably use 4 bits of state and an adder - either add +3 or -3 depending on U, and have to have some special logic to fix the rollover (15+3=16, not 18, and similar for the negative rollover). Then again if i were using physical chips, I'd use a cheap 8 pin microcontroller and have a 4 bit value output, 1 bit for U, and 1 bit for the trigger clock - but this probably isn't what they're after.
I did a little quick searching and didn't find a match. It might be interesting to boot the board and see if the BIOS gives any clues.
Dang, I could hook a MIDI enabled band organ to the tuning keyboard AND the SD card player AND to the phone app MIDI receiver box at the same time... but where does the 4th one go?? Ooh, it could have a MIDI AUX jack too...
Yeah, go this route for sure. Both the board markings and socket seem to give no sensible clues. I believe there may be a couple pins that go straight between the main CPU socket and the coprocessor socket (PEREQ and PEACK I believe); those would be foolproof targets for identification because there's nothing else they can "falsely" conduct through when the sockets aren't populated, as long as you know the orientation of the 80287 socket :) Who ever said a coprocessor socket was useless...
Underrated comment of the day
At least according to the schematic I think /u/BADC0FFE is right, it appears that the wire is going into the component twice (were that right leg off the junction to do something), but that makes no sense because it's already connected to the component at an indicated input, and the other spot has no identification or internal (to the part) diagram connection. Not to mention it's not even touching the component, just kinda hanging out there, though that is the style of parts of the schematic. There's really only one wire there in that spot, according to some reasonable interpretations of the schematic, but I have a feeling /u/NeoMarxismIsEvil is onto something there and there is probably a duplicated connection into the component where one point grounds the thing in general and another point provides the "business end" ground connection for the input signal.
Some of these companies just aren't that good at the technical end of things outside of the actual medical function of the device. I work in IT field services for a large medical organization and I had to tell a diabetes insulin pump vendor that their software wasn't just written wrong, it was completely designed wrong, and they had implemented some network support that had no chance of ever actually working in a normal environment which required that feature. They honestly had no idea that it couldn't work because they apparently only ran their program through that particular configuration, instead of having both their program and the web browser set that way (like would normally be the case). Turns out when you do it that way, there's no way for the browser and the data link program to actually communicate with each other and the whole thing fails. They had some reports of problems but still had no idea what was happening. The proper fix would require a significant change to how their link glue utility authenticates with their website (and they would have to give up direct communication between the browser and the utility), and we still have to run the affected machine in a strange configuration to allow it to work at all, many months after I told them what was up. I mean, WTF? Field Services for a hospital/clinic group should not have to do engineering work for an insulin pump vendor, that's so outside my job description it's completely ridiculous. But yet...
Their signal processing skills must be thru the roof to even pick out voice from a shower head thats operating. Do you want that listening to you shit and puke and shave and take pregnancy tests? At this point its just a joke but it would be conceivable to hide a subsystem to do their "secure processing" that could amount to the device itself looking for things of interest and stealthily flagging a hit back to home base. Processing power is getting so cheap, and (in the fundamental sense; ignore all the software bloat we typically see) software algorithms only ever get better. A bluetooth peripheral in a showerhead? Fine, go right ahead, sounds pretty neat actually. An internet connected thing that's "not listening all the time" but really could be and you wouldn't know the difference... I don't think I need one in my bathroom.
I guess my point is that the issue I found goes all the way back to fundamental understanding of network operation. When you start finding issues like that, you really start to wonder how well they were able to deal with security aspects. Tho, in that vein, there was a sleep lab vendor operating 40+ sites of care, and I had to tell them they were uploading the collected data and video recordings over unencrypted FTP to their home base. They thought it was encrypted but FileZilla clearly tells you that encryption isn't working every f* time they would connect. I just really don't know how things get to that point sometimes. It took months for their IT company to fix it. That problem was actually remotely exploitable without a man-in-the-middle attack even, were they to ever download something back from that FTP connection. All it would take is anyone on the internet making a TCP connection to the right port on their server at the right time, and they'd potentially get a video recording or some other data returned to them, no password or anything, if they happened to catch it just as someone was starting a download. With a man-in-the-middle attack, anyone in the network infrastructure between these sites could have just grabbed it right off the wire. Our field services team is pretty badass, but we shouldn't have to be so badass that we semi-regularly tell vendors they've screwed the pooch, and how to unscrew it.
You just gotta glue the rings onto the curtain rod, problem solved
It can be tricky to use that utility on 10 - someone made an updated version that supported GPT partitions at one point, but I honestly couldn't find it last time I looked. In a case like that, I've found it easier to just boot a more modern linux and copy the command prompt cmd.exe in place of the sticky keys popup utility (sethc.exe? I forget, look it up if you need it, this trick has been really well known for over a decade) - then go back into windows and tap shift 5 times and you get an admin command prompt that you can use to create an admin user or change passwords (I forget how well you can deal with unlocking a microsoft account vs a local account, but in any event you'll be able to access any files and such easily and just move things to a different account if you have to).
those keyboards basically speak the same or compatible protocols as PS/2 ones - a cheap passive AT to PS/2 adapter should get you going but might have to get one from ebay or something these days.
When it comes to plain C, you open up a world of programming on small systems like microcontrollers and embedded things like that - even if the data science angle doesn't work out, being able to work at lower levels like that gets you one step closer to a job working with embedded stuff, and there's one shitton of that out there. Having lower level understanding is an incredible skill to have in multiple areas besides that anyway. Even if it's not as sexy of a way to program as whatever gee whiz multiple framework cluster where you can convert an image format in a few lines of code, keep in mind what happened to the people that got into fortran and pascal late and actually knew their stuff - they got rich when they were the only ones left that could do it.
I'm aware of that, but I would have expected distilled water to be used to mix it down - i'm not sure what would be leaving a residue otherwise, maybe they just didn't succeed in flushing whatever was on the board completely off and it just dissolved in the alcohol and stuck back on when it dried.
Silicone grease might also be a good option (and it's handy as hell for door hinges and wheel axles and such), but you'd want to make sure it doesn't cause the plastic to swell - it can happen with some materials, so I would put a tiny bit on a non-contact surface and see if it absorbs in first. Petroleum based grease is probably not a good idea and is likely to make it swell if the plastic is also petroleum based. If the original grease is clear, it's likely silicone based. If it's white or yellow it's probably lithium. I use silicone oil on the rubber parts of my phone cases because it absorbs in but doesn't cause the rubber to swell as much as skin oil does, and seems to keep skin oil out. It's also completely non-toxic and can even be food grade. The difference between silicone oil and silicone grease is that the grease has "fumed silica" - basically silica chains added in to make it thicker. It's just as inert and non-toxic as the oil part but it helps hold the lubricant in place better.
But there's also a lot of those times where the vendor is cooperative but someone still needs to get them admin access to investigate or fix things. And sometimes having the local IT guy there can clue them in with oddities particular to that organization's setup that might save them a lot of headaches. For example, more than once I've seen a vendor try to move files to the desktop as a temporary spot (or their remote access software just dumps its downloads there for convenience) but our policies don't allow that to happen - so I try to watch for that and warn them that it won't work so we can keep stuff rolling and not wondering why something irrelevant isn't working.
No prob :)
Interesting, I wouldn't expect multipath to help in something like that - normally you'd worry about alternate paths creating interference or ruining the location accuracy I would think?
Another place to locate it is in auto or hardware shops as "dielectric grease", "headlight grease" (intended for the connector), or "battery terminal grease". As the name implies, you can also slather the stuff on battery terminals or connectors to prevent corrosion and keep oxygen away from the metal. Even though the grease is non-conductive, it won't stop metal covered in it from conducting when it's pressed together, much like air is non-conductive but it doesn't stop metal from touching.
Ahhh interesting, yeah that could make some weird challenges working with a barely detectable signal. Maybe they need a couple signals to pile up for it to even detect it.
Yeah there may be thickness differences or maybe even different types of grease sold for that stuff so hopefully it also says what's in it, but yeah you're right the "dielectric grease" stuff I have is fairly thick.
Gotcha, yeah petroleum based stuff wouldn't be good. Always make sure you know what you have before you use it :)
While a spark is an interesting idea for that, you're probably going to have extreme difficulty doing it from small capacitors. Chances are you'd have to go up to a high voltage circuit (think a bit like a stun gun) to get a reliable, powerful, and long enough duration spark to reliably ignite fuses. I mean, what's the advantage in a system like this if it only works sometimes? Otherwise if you want to stick to low voltage, consider wrapping a bit of tiny wire (like a strand out of a stranded wire) around the fuse and just dumping a bunch of current through it. I bet that gets hot enough to do the job before the wire melts.
&gt; Lattice have small USB FPGA boards that you can program with open source tools IceStorm or SymbiFlow? This guy's asking how to learn FPGAs not commit suicide. I don't think starting with a half baked solution is a good way, even though I really hope these projects can get to a point where they're useful and efficient. Though, if OP were interested in learning about FPGA synthesis specifically, those would be great things to look at.
And let's be honest, it's not like a kid can't google "how to open xyz safe"
The difference is gcc is a real compiler. Those aren't real synthesizers. I mean, it's more like SDCC vs GCC.
There were some VERY VERY early USB floppy drive enclosures that could actually be configured down to 40 tracks/double density if you put the appropriate drive on it. I don't think they come on the market very often.
I'm not sure why the parent comment was downvoted, this is 100% the most reliable way to do it across different setups and for long term longevity of the switching circuit. Depending on the optocoupler limits it may need another mosfet or transistor to help switch the main power mosfet. If you desire to go much above 15V there may be some changes desired to the drive circuit to not exceed the mosfet gate voltage limit. Other than that, this isn't a horribly complicated circuit to design once you get familiar with the basic function of a mosfet and optocoupler. Zener gate voltage limiter might be a topic of interest as well for V&gt;15.
It got shot down because it's easier to implement your own audio player than reverse engineer a mass market one that may not be reprogrammable without some special utility that only exists in China or it may not be possible at all without fabricating a replacement chip.
It wouldn't have been the solution to what you asked to do. See: [XY problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XY_problem).
I don't disagree with you but I don't think they took the time to explain other methods because it was still probably a big difference between the expected difficulty and the actual difficulty. We get a lot of questions where people give up once they have to learn things to do what they want and it sorta looked like one of those.
What do you propose is safer?
If you put a SSD in a drawer for 25 years it will NOT work anymore. To be honest, leaving an SSD unpowered for just a few years is a gamble. I can think of better ways to store data for those kind of time periods but most of them require powered systems, and none have technically been proven to last as long (we just infer it). 360KB floppy disks *have* lasted that long already.
Well, y'all got a MIDI in port on the back of it, so I say that makes it a vintage computer peripheral!
&gt; If you try to do an emerge and a package fails, you can --resume with --skip-first and it'll skip the first package. With the caveat that you need to first make sure that it was actually about to do that package first. I'd say do --resume, make sure it's going to try that same package, then do --resume --skip-first. Sometimes emerge subtly changes its build order with --resume.
I don't blow the code protect fuse on any of the stuff I sell, but yeah... you're not wrong.
It's pretty old and slow. If you get up to at least the HD5xxx generation I think you'll have better results. HD7xxx and up can use the newer series of drivers I believe, but check the compatibility list if you're interested in that.
A small spiral like that with no magnetic core just won't really do much. It's about equivalent to the inductance you'd get just from a decent section of straight wire.
Another option is switching over to a CMOS 7555; it will last a lot longer on battery if you get the LEDs dim or switch to just a momentary flash circuit, and it drives the outputs a lot closer to the rails.
Another issue is that if you make the connector too thick with solder it can start bending connector pins on the other side. But, this is just generally kinda a tricky thing to fix in a good way. I'd say don't worry about it much until it's actually a problem preventing operation. You might also consider a little silicone grease on the connector to help prevent more corrosion. It will probably absorb into the fiberglass some but it won't really hurt anything beyond maybe making soldering a little trickier if it gets in the way.
It turns out the voltage drop over an LED is generally controlled by the color it emits, as this is related to the bandgap voltage in the junction. It will raise a tiny bit with higher current and drop a hair with lower current, but in general you can treat it as a constant if you don't need to be exact. Lowest to highest voltage goes from infrared to red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and UV, with red around 2.0V and blue around 3.0V. White LEDs are often blue internally with fluorescent material to absorb some blue and emit lower colors.
Yeah at this point it's mostly a cost/complexity issue, with the complexity involved in how do you actually control this routing? Do you have a bunch of registers the software has to control? Do you make designer software and load in a binary blob that sets it? If there's FPGA-like things these questions get even worse. It's trivial to make a digital routing array, and not much worse to make an analog one, but the amount of control complexity can get ugly quickly.
This sort of thing is how the steering wheel buttons work on my car. I wish they just stuck a micro at the end with individual switches because the damn setup will misread buttons occasionally if the switch doesn't make good contact.
and just a straight matrix without diodes/resistors would be able to distinguish any 2 keys but once you hold a 3rd key there are indistinguishable combinations.
even the claw got gloves on for this one
Yeah that's what I mean, power and a data bus would only need 3 wires. The f* one I had to work with had like 8 or 9. Not sure what my car has.
You should see how big his hands are
What looks broken?
Yes, appears to be some corrosion. But I think the components are still okay. The big question to me is verifying if the connections between the components are still good. If you're still seeing the .6V when you're also measuring through the traces leading to those diodes, I bet they're fine. It also wouldn't hurt to take a little leaded solder and just remelt and refresh the solder around there. If you get it working, try and figure out why the corrosion is happening in there in the first place... moisture?
Exactly, instead of thinking of a voltage source, just think of a battery. If you have a shorted wire it's a 0V battery, no? If you have a 1.2V battery you can still run 3A through it in either direction; you're just charging or discharging the battery.
Yeah, sys only works if it can place the boot files at the very beginning of the data area, and I can't remember if it even places the disk boot sector or not, or just places the partition's one (which would be equivalent on a floppy but not a HD). That's about how advanced DOS's bootloader is. Even the bootloader I wrote for running my BIOS with FreeDOS on non-PC compatible Sanyo MBC-55x was able to search the BIOS file out and load it via the FAT, while having the penalty of interacting directly with the weird floppy controller they used. And it could display error messages without even having a video handler interrupt (with the proprietary onboard video, and relying on the font's presence in ROM). Try harder MS-DOS :)
I put mine right on top of the base of the parking brake lever.
But you can still snap the glass if you need some texture!
This is a little scary because it will be a game changer in this space and not many can afford this kind of kit.
There's some chips where you need to structure your code explicitly to avoid going past a limited call stack size. For example, I've programmed on microcontrollers where the call stack is only 4 levels deep. But then again, you're probably not writing C code on those, or maybe you are? IDK - this is where you have to make a judgement call. Maybe you need to test the compilers and see what their behavior actually is. I bet it's pretty trivial to come up with some tests that determine if it handles it well. Repeat for any other compilers of interest.
No, neutral is only connected to ground at the main power panel in the building.
Yeah, the idea is that load currents won't be enough to raise the neutral (or ground) to an unsafe voltage, and a fault current will pop the breaker. As mentioned elsewhere, the neutral and ground are only tied together back at the main panel so that GFCI's (I forget the European term) can be used to shut circuits off if the live and neutral current don't match each other (current leaking into ground where it shouldn't). You also want a separate ground so that an open neutral doesn't energize a "grounded" metal casing!
The first one maintains gas lanes by not allowing solder to adhere to them (incompatible surface). The second just doesn't put any solder in those spots, hoping the lanes will maintain themselves long enough for the gas to get out.
Yeah this will end your satellite if you didn't vacuum test everything first, and even then no guarantees.
I should probably say, within a US home, that's where it's connected. In fact, most residential power feeds in the US do not include a ground wire. There is a neutral wire and two hot wires 180 degrees out of phase (so we can connect across the two hots for 240V for bigger appliances), and there is (supposed to be) an effort to locally earth ground the neutral where it splits into neutral and ground at the breaker box. I suspect neutral is grounded to earth quite often within the power infrastructure, at least in places where a neutral wire exists and the earth itself isn't used instead, but at least within the final building it's only done at one point.
Yep, sometimes apartments are 3 phase 120V plus a neutral, and two of the lives are used for like 208V or something. I think it's mostly just a safety consideration that the lower 120V is used normally, but I'm sure there's also some "this is the way it's always been done" going on.
Yeah but this is constant pressure put on it, possibly in the face of thermal cycling. That's a disaster waiting to happen. Even still, small slow gas leaks can cause other issues.
I'd recommend only replacing ones that are bad unless more than one have failed. These can be extremely long lived parts and putting, for example, aluminum electrolytics on could still be a lifetime downgrade. Of all the (10+ of '82-'85 or so manufacture vintage) Sanyo mainboards I've had, the only bad tantalums were the ones that were installed backwards at the factory. And even those would start working if you put them back in the right way.
They can also silently and very slowly develop leakage at low reverse voltages. [Diagnosing this issue was how I found out](http://www.vcfed.org/forum/showthread.php?30903-Flaw-identified-in-Sanyo-MBC-55x-motherboard)
If their clearances are too high? Sure. I have no idea what you're asking with "worthwhile". But for function you have to go by role for that. The closest electrical equivalent is probably something in the aluminum electrolytic range, but if they're just bulk capacitance like they probably are on the board pictured, I think any type will probably work for that.
Yup, the difference is your bike tire is elastic and thermal cycling doesn't make it crack apart under pressure (or actually, under tension) :)
Programming voltages usually vary from 9V to maybe 15V or a bit more in some weird stuff. Typical is about 12.5V on the older stuff as that was about what it took to program flash cells (well, actually EPROM cells) without a built in voltage booster in the chip. Parts that program by literally burning out fuses in addition probably take a good pulse of current. But the high voltage part in practice, is it's too much voltage to apply to a pin of another IC that might be connected to the part you're trying to program.
The program size matters very little for those scenarios. The vast bulk of the CPU time is spent in the codec where it's running some hand optimized assembly and hoping that the hot data fits within the cache. The active code size is rather small during those times. The next biggest chunk of CPU use is the part that actually gets it over to the video memory (which, as you found out, if that part isn't efficient it can add a significant drag, especially if the video drivers can't automatically scale and translate the video output, if needed)
It sounds more like a shower speedball to me
&gt; Suppose to help filter out noise from the multiple SMPS in the power section of the board. I've always been a little fuzzy on precisely how these help but I suspect what it's doing is increasing the time constant of the noise pulses and essentially moving the interfered frequencies to lower ones where hopefully they aren't causing as many issues. It'd be interesting to hear a more informed view on this.
A CNC router in the kilowatts range is by nature more dangerous than any generic consumer gadget, Chinese or not.
This sounds a lot like what happens when you're not breathing in your sleep properly. If that's the case, you've got a huge QOL improvement coming, all you have to do is follow up on it.
The pastebin isn't there?
It sounds like you should be spending 60$ on a grab bag of random parts once and saving the time and shipping costs the next 5 times
Okay, first of all, the port locations are static, and you don't need to declare structures for them, and you don't even have to refer to them by name (but you probably should to keep it readable and aid porting to other chips). All of the I/O and peripheral registers are basically just byte variables that have a fixed address. I'm getting really confused understanding how you're trying to go about this, but that said, I've never programmed these in C, but I have programmed PIC18's in two different assembly languages at the same time (I wrote a constant time VM interpreter so I can have a PIC18 assembly main loop, with VM interpreter calls mixed in where there's time to process the control programs).
In assembly you either use logic operations to split out a section of bits (eg, AND with 0xf to get the low 4 bits, or AND with 0xf0 to get a high four bits, then you could shift it down 4 bits to get the value, though in assembly there is a SWAP instruction that's faster, and on PIC18, the hardware multiplier can be a fast way to split off a section of bits). Or, there are bit test instructions that can test a single bit and do conditional branch based on that, but the logic in C would be something more like if (read(0xF8D) AND 0x02) { } if you needed to run code only if the second lowest bit is a 1, and it would probably compile it down to a bit test instruction and a branch. Sorry for not being all that up on the C syntax but I think you get what I mean. What I mean by doing stuff by name is the port variables should all be defined with an include so instead of 0xF8D it should be some kind of PORTA definition that's easier to read. Tip: When you want to read what's on the port, read the PORTx location - when you want to read what you wrote to the port, use the LATx location. Reading PORTx is similar unless the port hasn't yet reached the intended voltage; you could quickly write PORTx and read it back and get the old value if the voltage hasn't yet changed far enough, or if the pin were shorted you would read its actual voltage that way too.
Yep writing to PORTx and LATx are identical operations, except in the case where you're doing read-modify-write, for example OR'ing a value into LATx is different from OR'ing a value into PORTx because the register is first read, the logic performed, then written back. But a plain one direction value assignment is fully equivalent. This difference extends all the way down to the bit clear and bit set opcodes, where internally they do perform a read first; the hardware has no true way to write one bit at a time.
Yeah for the manual approach you want to read the hell out of the datasheet, at least for any sections that reference the pins and peripherals you need to use, and especially watch out for the comparators - you have to turn them off to get them off of the pins they would use. The K22's also have a breaker panel sort of thing where you have individual power switches to all the peripherals, Gotta make sure that's set up right too. Consider looking for CTMU (another possible way to time the pulse) / CCP app notes and such that might give you pre-existing projects configured about how you'd want it.
That's one of the most brilliant backwards run-arounds of a billing/restriction system I've ever heard of
Does the car respond at all to the start button? Or does it act like you didn't press it at all?
Does it? Every picture I'm finding has fins, this has flat edges. I see no evidence of a stacked structure inside this thing.
Another approach is backing up your configurations, unpacking a stage 3 over everything, putting the configs back, then emerge -e @world It's not as clean of an approach but if it completes it should be fine, and it saves a lot of setup steps. May have involved details I didn't think of in this quick description tho...
I don't know if there's such a thing as a repair kit like that, I've certainly never heard of one. But the general approach for a small section of blown trace is to scrape the coating off on either side of the damage to expose copper, then solder an appropriate size wire over it and tack it down with hot glue or something so the wire can't get snagged and wreck it worse. If a big section of trace is gone it might be easier to find where the endpoints were and connect wire to those points directly.
Yep, it's a DC-DC, the 3 knobs are max output voltage, max output current, and minimum input voltage.
How does the repair kit work? Is it like conductive paint or something?
How do they work?
If you want to experiment with more OS's, an approach I worked out once was using grub to be the boot menu, and have it set up to remove and create the partitions specifically for each OS, so you can have a shared partition, and individual OS partitions, and only what the booted OS needs is materialized before it boots. My dad used this to be able to install multiple languages of IBM ViaVoice, he used that to train himself in different languages for a call center job.
You can check what kernel and modules Ubuntu are using, and you can even use their kernel and base your configuration on theirs. So even in the worst case where Ubuntu did kernel patches that make something operate, it's still open source. Grab whatever works if you have to.
If everything looks good with the traces and solder joints, test all of the vias for conductivity. It's possible a via has cracked inside and is no longer connected.
Possible, also check for firmware differences if that is involved.
For the simple but relatively inclusive explanation, there's characteristic capacitance and inductance within the cable bundle, and because the voltage doesn't travel through the cable "instantly", the cable itself appears to present a resistance to the source before the signal has even reached the end. That is to say, the cable is filling up with energy, so it must appear to the source that it's sucking up energy during that time. This is actually an impedance, not a resistance, and it goes away, say, if you're sending just a DC voltage (eg, power) because the other end fills up to that voltage, that "filled" signal propagates back to the source, and everything settles out eventually. But the problem with fast signals is there's no time for "eventually" to happen, and it turns out when the signal goes through changes in the characteristic impedance of the line, part of the signal reflects backwards. So this can happen if the wires aren't appropriate inside the cable (say the wires are twisting around and the data wires get closer and farther apart from each other, or another conductor influences them capacitively; there may be several places in the wire that tend to reflect some of the signal). Eventually there's not enough left of the first "wave" of the signal for it to be correctly recognized by the other end. I haven't really explained how the reflections happen, but look at it this way: If you assume that the signal is going at a fixed rate through the cable, but the amount of energy stored per length changes, something doesn't match up, and that's where the reflections happen, because it can't force the signal to go faster or slower to keep the right rate of energy; if it can't maintain that rate, part of it can only turn around and go backwards. In other mediums, this kind of thing can show up as blurring or ghosting in old school analog TV, especially if you have a length of cabling with one impedance connected to a length of cabling with a different impedance. The reflection can be very obvious then. For example using adapters to put composite video over coax, but if part of the run is also over a different impedance composite wire, the reflection becomes very obvious.
I'm pretty much at the point where if I'm worried about shipping being an issue, I'll ship them a box and materials to send it in.
There'll be no weird double direction speedrunning tricks on that machine!
Can you use another phone to take a video of you trying the pairing process? Maybe we can spot something that's not right. When the car starts flashing "PAIRING" or whatever it does is when you have to search for the car on the phone. Also, the car cannot be moving; if it's moving, the pairing will fail at the last possible moment.
If you look at the diagram in the top left, it shows how the pins are named.
I think there's fools here downvoting for all kinds of reasons. For the record I didn't downvote you.
Randomly applying power to unknown pins will more than likely power the chip, at least for modern microcontrollers. Basically, anti-static voltage clamping diodes turn almost all of the pins into rectifier inputs, although there is some more danger once you start connecting other things at the same time (in that case it is best to current limit your power supply so that it can't supply too much current and burn out the anti-static diode or I/O driver). Weird stuff could also happen if you choose one of the real power input pins and put the wrong polarity on it.
Short for diagnostic? &gt; and his intern structure Not sure what you mean
That converts the wrong direction; he needs an eDP to LVDS converter to use the old screen with modern mainboards.
You should really start wondering if the breaker for that specific circuit still works. You shouldn't be blowing your main breaker through another one unless everything is really loaded to the max. The main breaker isn't meant to protect individual circuit wiring; it can let enough current through to smoke the wires in your walls. It's there to protect the feed going into your building, and is only a "last ditch" protection for circuit wiring if a breaker fails; but protection is not guaranteed in that case.
Your intuition is correct. While there can be problems with bad contacts inside an outlet causing the outlet and plug to heat up, the damage would be on the other side of the plug if it were caused by the outlet.
&gt; I believe the relay specified is meant to disconnect the start capacitor once the compressor is above a certain speed. No idea how this works though. Anyone know how this happens? The ones I've seen have a centrifugal sort of switch that opens beyond some speed. I suppose on something like a compressor you could just use a timer, assuming it reliably starts up!
&gt; Does connecting the capacitors in this way essentially make them behave as a single larger capacitor with the sum of the individual MFD ratings? Some may work that way; but in that case they're still using the secondary coil the whole time I think. (Not that there's anything wrong with that, I actually looked at doing so in a weird single phase VFD I designed that sorta worked electrically; problems unrelated to that aspect). Many just put the run caps straight across the incoming feed to push the power factor back toward 1.
I think this is the best route to go; get a meter and then you can check the connections, and if you find a bad connection you have the option of soldering a replacement wire over it, though it could be tricky on the USB plug end as the wire spacing is kinda close on the connector. It can be done but it takes a small iron tip and careful technique.
VL bus can have some weird frequency limits as you add more than one VLB card. Try lowering bus frequency and see if it helps?
And a weakly driven reverse polarity tantalum can make a [20 year time delay leakage failure](http://www.vcfed.org/forum/showthread.php?30903-Flaw-identified-in-Sanyo-MBC-55x-motherboard). Put it back in the circuit the right direction and it acts like nothing ever happened.
There's also an issue where you can lock yourself out of LVP by mistake. In that case you have to use HVP to get the chip back.
To me if the tonsils can't clear the infection themselves, that's the indication that it's not doing its job and probably better off removing it. My understanding is the tonsils provide an interface where troublemaker bacteria and such can be exposed to the immune system and recognized faster.
Two*
Yeah there's some weird things from time to time where you have to disable some use flag to do an upgrade or manually upgrade some specific thing first, and after that you can redo as normal. The package manager is decent but there's some situations it can't handle automatically.
