🐺 The Wolf Hunter 🐺🐾
Either way, you die.
Left side!
It's crazy how the o-line has been playing well for the most part without Smith and Fred beard.
Yeah my Ross here in South Texas doesn't carry jerseys. Then again I rarely shop there. I have an old Dez Bryant jersey but I have a Cooper and Vander Esch jersey on the way. 🐾🐺🔥😀
Hope they tear the iggles a new asshole.
I concur.
Great dog
Bluetooth.
I used to have corded headphones and they never twisted ever. The only way to undo this is to untwist it. When you're using headphones be mindful of the cord because prolonged periods with the cable twisted will result in a higher chance of twisting the cable again.
Nice
In that case I'd get a lot of things free
I'd like a view inside you. The camera is built in the tip of my cock. 😁
Nice jiggle
I think Altra have some shoes with a 4mm drop.
Cool
I stand correct. I got it confused work the Lems Trailhead shoes. Those shoes have a 4mm drop.
Easy Access
That'll wreck many holes.
She'll tear you a new asshole OP.
Juicy
Of course.
Please have daughters.
You should match the bottom too and go commando as much as possible.
I'd say $10 ass
I got a call from them but was at work. The guy was sort of a jerk so if I plan to work with them I want someone else. For those of you that are already on this plan how do you know your money is actually going to your balance? Did they tell you what loophole you qualified for in order to reduce your balance?
I'd really like to ask you some questions.
Heard Sean Lee will be in the starting lineup. Does that mean Vander Esch will not start?
Kingsbury for OC.
"losing"
All these flavors and they choose to be salty. Their tears taste so good. 😀
Who cares. He's wrecking people on the field and chasing ball carriers sideline to sideline with LVE.
And to think he didn't try hard. If he had really pushed Eli Apple would've banged his head on the ground possible getting concussed. He took mercy on the poor bastard.
I hate to see these things happen. In the end these players are people just like us. I pray for a healthy recovery Alex Smith!
Cause it feels good. It's what we all want. It doesn't take 2 years to catch feelings.
Artistic
Good girl
I enjoyed your story. Have you had any other sexual experience since your rape?
Name?
Mesmerizing
Lucky guy
Thanks
Fuark
Name?
Great story.
Nice cock man
Actually your height doesn't matter. All ties should stop at your belt line. You'll get it. Looking sharp.
Thank you for this list.
So what's Gregory contract situation?
I think Romo would have excelled with Cooper since his route tree is amazing.
Jesus this writer knows nothing about football. Sounds like a fan boy. Everyone should email him after the Cowboys beat the Colts.
Vatos locos forever homes! Edinburg/McAllen repping.
That green peacoat on that reporter is hideous. Imo if a fan cries over a freaking game then you have no life.
No kidding. It better be a 3000 sq ft house cause I'd go nuts with that many people in 1 house. It's like the circus where many clowns keep coming out of the small car.
So let me see if understand this correctly. If the Cowboys keep winning with Cooper the Raiders keep dropping in the draft with the pick the received from the Cowboys?
From what we know now I think we can conclude that LVE would have significantly better numbers if it wasn't for the snap count drop off. LVE being right behind Leonard with nearly 200 less snaps says a lot about LVE's immense talent.
Yes sir. Colts are next.
🤣They're screwed then. Cowboys are going to keep winning deep into the playoffs.
5 year $125 million. $15 million signing bonus. Only 3 years gauranteed. My understanding of contracts and numbers is horrible but Dak shouldn't get more than 24-25 million a year IMO. Dak does have intangibles and a very short term memory. He shrugs off bad plays and moves on quick. He needs a better OC and QB coach.
Jerry Rice was a great technician and superb route runner. This enabled him to have a long successful career while despite him not having explosiveness. He was incredibly conditioned so late in games he'd still run at 1st quarter speed while defenders got slower. I see Cooper kinda being this way if he stays disciplined.
No pics bro?
Love this
Cooper gets open quick so Romo couldn't have to hold onto the ball as long as Dak does. Dak is slow on his reads while Romo has been way better at his reads.
Wilson the the Seahawks are scary. I'd rather not face them in the 1st round but it looks like we're headed on a collision with them. Fuark.
Lol yeah Reddit makes it confusing.
I'm down with this. Maybe $20/yr for 3 years all gauranteed.
You're doing it wrong.
Good slut
Aren't you a fun slut.
The writing is a bit grandiose but detailed to where I could see the moments.
This irks me too. Good pointing it out.
Good girl
I'd creampie your pussy too.
Stupid slut.
I'd empty my balls deep inside you. Good sluts like you deserve a pussy full of cum.
Good slut
That's a big BBC
Yes it does
You dirty whore.
All this time I thought "D" was black.
Good girl
I'd love to donate my cum deep in your pussy.
I'm sure it didn't take much convincing.
Big white cock in a tight cunt. Love it.
I'd thinking the same. Surprised it didn't get called back
Oh snap the chiefs lost? I fell asleep. Haha
If Dez getting fucked means being a horrible teammate, body breaking down, can't run routes and being overpaid then yes I agree. He got royally fucked. 😀
Love your spirit but next time get a bigger cock to fuck you. His short game causes him to do short strokes. It looks like he's hanging on for dear life because he might slip out.
Cutie
Ah yes the infamous Cody Lane.
All about H.E. Butts.
Super windy in South Texas.
🤣
This is true. I have 3 suits from Alain dupetit. Average price was $49 each. Got them tailored and they look great. Make sure pants length has a small break otherwise too much material makes you look sloppy. This is a big issue with most men. Also the jacket sleeve length should be above the thumb joint to expose about 1/2" of shirt cuff. Always use slim fit dress shirts. Keep your shoes clean and polished. I use a lapel pin to add a nice touch. My lapel pin is a small red flower. You don't need a lot of money to look dapper.
Shop Amazon Basics. Seriously they have great stuff for the house, office and more. Their clothing line for men is Goodthreads and Button Down for nice dress shirts. For cheap suits go to alaindupetit.com Average price for a suit is $49. Spend the savings on a tailor. $50 average on tailoring. I get compliments all the time with my attire. Hope this helps.
I grew up poor and even we had grapefruit spoons. Your gf is a peasant. Jk
YouTube Premium cause screw the commerical ads.
As long as you're wearing deodorant. Smelling like an empty Whataburger bag is a turn off.
I feel pain in my chest.
Outstanding and ready for a cumshot
She got raped in a porn. Forgot the room but look her up and you'll know which video it is.
Word
You'll never be enough for her. Enjoy being a cuck for life.
Did he creampie your gf?
Destroyed
Gotta love sluts
What's with the rings on every finger?
Dude is fit and hung. He's blessed.
Bimbo tits
Nope. I'm going balls deep and fill you up with my seed.
Looks about right
True. Bitch titties in full effect.
Yum
Lawd
Chiseled from stone
Haha yeah same here. She really needs to fix those bolt on tits though.
Any nudes of Cindy?
Yup
#thotaudit
Mmmmmmm this made me hard
Be careful now. A big dick might find it's way deep in your ass.
Hi Tiny Starks
Straight or gay that ass needs to get pounded with the force of 300 virgins.
Good girl.
They're both talented.
Just LOL
Nice
Oh hi
I'm sure your bf aka future fiance would appreciate you whoring yourself out. There's other ways to bring income without resorting to this level. No decent person sells nudes of themselves. Lol Of course college is hard. If it was easy everyone would be able to do it.
Yes it does
Go balls deep while stroking your BBC
Juicy ass
Nice man
Actually the pleasure is a dick curving upward. Not to the side.
Yup. Went deep with the cutting.
Nice quads.
I want to go in that ass bro.
In all fairness his defense was so good that year. They did a lot of carrying that year.
Everyone here is missing the point. His shoulder being hurt has nothing to do with how awful he ran the 2 minute drill. No sense of urgency at all and poor decision making. Cam simply isn't a leader or field general. Dak runs this very well. His issue has always been accuracy.
G spot isn't located on the side bro. Common sense, you don't have it.
Good point. I remember that offense being a bit vanilla but worked for them even without a true #1 WR. Many consider that team the worst undefeated team ever until Atlanta beat them. They just didn't look special. Denver never fell for the read option thus taking away their bread and butter. Cam won't beat any team work his arm.
Fucking sideways isn't as common as fucking vertically. "Hold on baby lemme get sideways so I can utilize my bent dick." Just LOL
What's his deal? Why has he been out all this time?
I wouldn't pull out
Classic Rach clapping dat ass.
Not really. I like pussy and cock. I'm secure enough to know what I want and like. Your bent dick isn't what I like.
Good girl
It's actually a g-string. A thong is wider.
Nice cock bro
Hot dang. She's on God mode.
Cute
They're nice
So no one fell for it.
Looks good to me.
More details please.
I'm hoping it's south Texas.
/r/thathappened
Nice
Oh my
I don't think you can
Sport thong or commando. Still a nice view.
Hot damn
The way it should always be.
Very nice
Doubt it. They probably gave him free big macs for a year. Sucker.
She looks at peace with a cock in her mouth.
The devil's anus.
Whoa
I wouldn't pull out.
They need cum on them
I will do what I want and you will take it deep in your hot pussy. 😉
Cute
Sweeping in heels? This a new trend?
Wtf?! She's hot and huge.
Nice form
Stiff as a board but I'd still go balls deep.
Fap fap fap
Boy are you ignorant.
Glad you enjoy being a rape slut.
Vander Esch should've been there. 😠
You may need with the way the Cowboys play. Don't black out.
Stacked and cute 😍
I'd like to a bigger mess. 😀
Dude it looks awesome
My Cooper and LVE jersey are arriving this Saturday. I'm so hyped.
I need to creampie you ASAP.
Lovely mound
Agreed. Burn it with 🔥
Great angle and ball twitching.
Odd footage.
Her face, smile, ass, thighs and pussy are marvelous. Anyone know her name?
I can't believe no one has not mentioned SOMS. https://www.somfootwear.com/products/norwood
I wanna eat her pussy 👅
Were you always gay before fucking your son?
I'd like to add my cum to the mix.
It's okay I can stretch you out good.
Looking good. Care for a creampie?
Allah Akbar
She's hungry.
Cot dam
Mmmmm chocolate pussy.
Cool
Great natural looking body
Yes I do
I like it
Time for a nice warm cream pie
You're welcome.
Great capture
Another way for hotels to charge you $10 for water.
It's fine. I've purchased a few items from that app. No issues.
What's the story behind this line?
Talent!
Ah yes now I remember
Needs a nice pearl necklace. 💦
Mmmmm good girl
Wut? LoL
Good eye. It's medicinal. 🤣
So hawt
This is true. My niece is 3 and loves shitty dollar store toys just as much as high priced Disney toys.
Oh fawk
I bet it feels as good as it looks.
LoL
😳
Egg head
No way that is natural. Please tell me someone yanked her hair out.
She cuts it out of the frame for a reason
Creampie time
You should always submit. You're in the business of customer service. Serve the customers damn it.
You got cucked as a mom.
Looks like hot sexy chocolate. You lucky bastard.
Nipply.
I concur
Do you mind telling me what program you enrolled in?
Damn. Thanks for the heads up. Did you use the program?
Juicy
Mmmmm juicy
Or just return it for the correct jacket.
If a former employee of the business is saying they're a scam then I would stay away from them.
More of the story and picture please.
I don't know why but I laughed at this.
Cool
Can't wait.
Cute twink cock 😁
Fap. Fap
Model them for us. 😛
Good wife you got there
😁
It's actually small but tight
Love that g-string
Ouch. Hoping you have a speedy recovery.
Romo again would mean never winning a Superbowl. I don't want to "Romo again"
He's a major reason but 100% of it. I still stick to my guns. You're getting emotional. Go kick rocks.
Looking a little wide. Needs to lose weight and trim that waistline.
Wonderful.
Yum
Hot. I'm next!
Is she mad at razors?
I want to be next.
Good job
Technically it's 1 creampie. The first one came on her pussy.
Great body
No. I'm emotional for Troy, Emmitt and Michael but not Romo. Yes I feel for him since the F.O. failed to surround him with proper talent especially at the line. However many times Romo single handedly lost games as well. Facts.
Good girl
That small white cock was no match for her expert mouth.
Prostitute a.k.a. whore. It's all good though.
I use my VFFs for walking my dog, jogging and working out. When I'm not doing those things I wear regular sneakers. I'm in the process of buying Altra sneakers for my work and selling all of my adidas sneakers. I'm in the market for Xero, Lems and SOM shoes so that I can wear zero drop shoes 99% of the time. I understand it may feel awkward at first walking in zero drop shoes because at first we slam our heels to the ground. That's our mind still thinking we have chunky heel shoes. Eventually your mind and body adjusts and relearns how to walk naturally with a shoe like VFF. When I'm jogging I'm a midsole striker but if I'm sprinting then I'm all forefoot.
Well said.
Well played sir.
Size 10. Personally I think softstars kinda look like a bag around feet. They have little structure so they tend to look sloppy imo. Thanks for the offer though.
Beautiful black cum filled pussy.
Great hair.
This is dumb.
Wtf lol
WTF. 😲
Yep
Mmmmm good stuff
Hot
At least you both enjoyed the sex.
You have to be a sexy and very passable tranny to seduce men.
She can get the D
Sounds like another BBC convert.
Actually quite different. I didn't cry when Romo was benched in favor of Dak. I welcomed the change. Doesn't change the facts though. So keep your bullshit to yourself.
That's great.
I'm happy for your relationship but a nice origin story would be greatly appreciated.
Push-up bras work wonders on her tits.
Low rise jeans would look better. These mom jeans look odd.
😁
Leggings and/or jeggings?
They're definitely not zero drop shoes. They have a narrow toe box. This cannot be good for flat feet. If you want an easier transition to zero drop shoes then look at Altra running shoes.
You're not the only one. I too see babies as aliens. 👽
We need a back story on this photo and your sexual relationship with your aunt.
Amazing calves.
This. I have my Vander Esch and Cooper jersey and they look, feel and fit legit.
Piss off. We're full.
Nice gaped hole.
Good girl.
That is a pretty pussy indeed. Would have been better to nut deep inside that pussy. Still hot though.
Wish it was a bigger cock.
Nice 🎈 knot.
Cot dam. Daddy like.
Looking sexy.
He can do the fingers but I wanna use my Daddy dick.
Hi whore 👋🏼
I won't pull out.
You're definitely getting groped and fucked tonight.
Want some cream inside your chocolate pussy?
/r/18_19 you still have time
Steelers didn't make the playoffs. LOL 🤣
Thickness
Ringing in the new year with big nipples.
You missed a spot shaving.
Great video
That neck beard, curly mustache and hair is distracting. You look Amish.
I always thought boxer shorts under jeans was very uncomfortable.
Unique look. Her haircut is distracting but she definitely has a nice body.
I mean after all pretty much everything is made in China.
Slutiness doesn't age discriminate.
You don't need to beg. It's going to happen regardless. 💦
What a sad delusional dude you are. FYI I don't take dick up my ass as I'm the one on top. I've fucked females and trannys but not a full on gay dude. Whatever makes you sleep better at night. Ignorance is bliss. Newsflash you like dick.
Her ass was designed to take cock 😍
Oh yeah just ignore the swinging dick from the tranny. Just LOL Newsflash there is no pussy. Her DNA is MALE. You're fucking a dude. Biology doesn't care about your feelings you snowflake.
You're so obviously triggered. It's okay bro. Your newly discovered passion for dick won't kill you.
Gorgeous
😂
Dat azz
💦
She wants the white D
That went way over your head.
Ready for my cawk
Nice
I don't see an athletic body
Looks better with boobs
True
Dat gummy smile
Her tight ass must feel glorious
Me gusta
I wouldn't pull out
I kept staring at her ass the entire time. 🍑
Girl with the headband is cute. I'd cum on her face. 💦
If your boss won't give you a raise the daughter will. 💦😁
Super tranny
She's measuring wrong. You can't dig that tape measure deep into your pubic fat. She's most likely 6 inches.
Great ass
Cot dam
Don't be shamed of your dick. Always show it off.
That pussy mound though
Thou shall get on ye knees and suck cock.
Any stories of you being a slutty daughter?
Did it turn you on?
Agreed. *Unzips pants and whips out cock* Don't move baby girl.
This is an important question that requires an answer.
Nice curve
Mmmmm nice
Glorious
Great comment and accurate as well.
Panties feel nice.
Yum
My dick is ready. 💦
Sluts are the best girls ever ♥️😘
Cum back!
Nice cakes.
It's the only way to go.
You're a national treasure. Keep pleasing men everywhere you go.
Good job bro
Nice bro
Why not grab your cock entirely instead of that weird half grip? You already have a big cock. No need to pretend your hand cannot wrap around your cock.
That is beyond thick. Why do we praise obesity?
Seems like South America Latinas and Brazilian females all have giant thighs.
Bad form but still nice arm.
Did you cum on the floor? 🤔
And I'm hard now 💦
Perfect
You're a pussy put on this Earth so real men can use you.
What a hot wet boy cunt you got there. I'd love to pound it and fill you up.
Agreed. Nice view.
Good job bro
Most likely they cannot afford it.
I want to enjoy your girl's ass.
What a sweetheart.
Please show me your cock
Yes. Put your cock in my mouth.
Love your bulge.
So hot. I'd encourage you to wear a swimsuit bikini and show off your bulge. I'd be so hard having you by my side.
It's still a healthy cock to play with and suck.
I know those kinds. They spend most of their money on expensive cars while renting. Bad financial management. Throwing your money away is never a wide investment. Renting is a waste.
Didn't live up to the hype.
What a good slut you are.
Me gusta
I'd like to plug your tail with my cock. 😃
Yeah she definitely did some plastic surgery.
Lawd...it's like those pants are painted on her.
Hot dam
Unload that badboy
It's all good bro. I love pussy but a good dick is hot. Have a great weekend.
Bro
I don't know why but I found this hilarious.
I'm Latino but I'd go balls deep in you.
And we love sluts like you
My dick is needy. Cum serve me.
Mmmm good
Cute bulge
Abs and high body fat percentage...🤔
Strong coffee table.
Cute Mary with a cute creampie
Nobody is reliable like CPL
Sausage fest
Sluts are fun
Good girl
You're a good slut
So this was a porn video clip you saw?
Idiot
/r/incest
How old were you when your father took your virginity?
/r/incest /r/incest_relationships
Doing your part for humanity. Bless your slutty heart.
It's universal. Sluts are all the same.
Cot dam
I mean it in a good way. You swallowed because you know that's what men like. You're no different than any other cock loving slut from others parts of the world. Sluts are beautiful. ♥️
So no NFL and NBA. Boring.
Never lose that spirit. Wish there were many more friends like you.
/r/rapekink
Hope you've come to terms with this.
She doesn't look like a lesbian. Rare.
Your fiancee is an idiot.
Migraines are a real thing. They use Botox injections to relax the muscles and 1 treatment last for 6 months.
Hang in there bro.
It all starts with your feet. Wear zero drop shoes and it'll strengthen your feet and work its way up to your hips and spine.
Don't worry about anyone except yourself. Get off your ass and get it done.
😔
It's all sad but this country has it all wrong. It seems like they go out to take care of these immigrants more than American citizens.
Why did you never apply for citizenship all this time you were here?
You can do it. Be brave. This is an exciting new chapter in your life.
Babynames.com Congrats. 🎊🎉
Did you get a favorable reply?
This is dumb. Break the engagement now. No reason to look back.
Leave.
Network + will only get you a help desk/entry level job. It will pay more than $200 every 2 weeks though. Just don't stop. Get Security + and more. Do as much as you can while you still live with your mom. Find side hustle jobs.
Change your lifestyle.
Pray
Yeah you messed up. Good luck. Still time to fix it.
Enjoy it. You're part of such a small community that can do that sport. You won already. Deplete well and carb up right before the show.
This can be reported outside of your job. It's easy.
Hearing aids.
Those damn illegals need to f*ck off and go back to their shitty countries.
Leave the alcoholic.
What happened?
Porn star or actress? There's a difference. Porn name?
MAGA
MAGA
Obama was the worst. He divided this country so damn much with blacks and the gay community. You're doing nothing wrong. Move to a better work culture.
Babynames.com Congrats 🎉
Learn to love yourself to be happy. Don't depend on others for happiness.
Crappy brothers you got.
That is worse. I had plantar fasciitis for nearly 2 decades. Switching shoes was painful at first only because my feet muscles were weak. Now I'm pain free. Stop putting your feet in coffins. Exercise them.
Shooters shoot. Good job.
Given the fact that you're putting your personal business out there makes it okay for strangers like me to comment. Nothing beautiful about your fiancee wanting to talk to your former fiancee. That is not understanding or trusting either. Think about it. The fact that she wants to do this sends the message that she isn't 100% sure about you. Stop pushing your insecurities onto me. Get your mess sorted out before it's too late.
Enjoyed the failed marriage. It's inevitable you dumb cuck. Be a man and put your foot down for once in your life. Instead you're a soft pushover that as tough as a limp dick.
In Texas they have the workforce commission. Find out the equivalent in your state. Google is your friend.
You're going to have to do better than that.
She should never try to hide her bulge.
Agreed. I'm next!
Nice cock
Needs more cum. Lots more.
A used hole is hot.
Sheeesh man
Great advice.
Don't raise him to be a snowflake/cupcake. Traditions exists for a reason. Failure is part of life. It's a great teacher. Be there for him but don't coddle him. Don't belittle him ever. Correct his mistakes. Believe in him. Just because you're a single mother don't be bitter towards men and stop blaming men for your failure as a woman to find a good man. Not all men are jerks. Don't feed stupidity to your son. Be at church every Sunday.
Fap fap fap
Exactly
Wrap them around my cock
Wonderful woman.
Fiance = man Fiancee = woman
Some JBs develop young and look older/mature physically for their age. It's hard not to stare at times.
Good for you.
Pics of this "10" dick" or it's not true.
Damn. Need a hug?
Would you let me suck it even if I'm a dude?
Great body and cock bro.
I'd like to do more. I'm down for a big creampie. 💦
Like?
So much this.
That slut can deep throat like a champ.
I'm pretty sure isis and cartel members are worse.
So I guess mass murdering people because of their beliefs isn't as bad as adultery. Killing people = okay. Adultery = worst person in the world. Got it. Do us all a favor and don't procreate.
Sounds like you didn't get enough hugs from your mother. Again murder &gt; adultery. I love how you don't blame anything on the idiot son in law. Stop while you're ahead.
Welcome back
Perfect mouthful size.
Goodness! 💦 Sit on my face with those lips in my mouth.
I'd love to creampie your pussy.
Looks like the dude that killed that Utah student recently.
Wonderful
Dude destroyed Natalie's ass.
💯
Looks fun
Her certainly did.
Gorgeous
Love it
Hot
New perspective aka when you lose your hair embrace the baldness and don't wear a ridiculous toupee.
Show that ass babe
