Late, but I want to put my vote in for this dude. I selfishly want them for myself but this guy is more deserving, especially since he is willing to spend the time to spread the wealth.
If she a fan of the Incredibles?
I almost died from internal bleeding from trying not to laugh when someone introduced their child to me as Yoda.
And he was pretty pissy about being scratched earlier in the season.
You still need a disinfectant residual so chances are it's still chlorinated.
Try /r/legaladvice or /r/legaladvicecanada
Phone or computer? I might have time some time this week for a phone one. But no promises.
In Canada, other retail stores have moved into the empty Target stores but were too lazy remove them, so we have yellow balls (Wal-Mart) and green balls (T&amp;T Supermarket) now.
There was this dude in my program who wore those track pants that made the swishing sounds when you walk. Those had a zipper at the bottom and he was a leg shaker. Every goddamn class was *swish swish ting! swish swish ting!*
I came very close to committing murder.
His mom probably
Don't have kids
"On accident" instead of "by accident"
Crazy Rich Asians. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything new. I thought the story was fairly standard.
[Insert screaming from Spence's Diamonds] Also: *BC Furnace.coooommmm, BC's number one choice!!*
Posted this above, but just in case you missed it: I tried to keep this clean so give this a try. Dark squares are home games and white squares are away games (just like how home/away jerseys work). All games are default 7PM so only deviations are labelled. https://i.imgur.com/2b1aykS.png
I was originally going to make this bigger, but the quality of the original photo limited me (but I *really* wanted to use it). So this version is just expanded gray area and Virtanen isn't any bigger than the original post. Sorry dude. https://i.imgur.com/bOhnb24.png
No. Even if it's nice and dry outside, you track dirt and who knows what else into your house. Also my feet like to breathe after spending all day in shoes.
Nice pass nice goal
I leave CSI on when studying. It's a nice break to glance at the TV and you always know what's going on cause the story is simple. Also, it's not interesting enough to hold your attention for that long so you won't get distracted.
I'm sitting next to someone right now who talks so loud that I have my headphones on without music just to muffle the noise.
I had never seen nor heard "on accident" before I've been on reddit and it looks so unnatural...
Kind of scared that Edler would hurt Horvat with his wild ass shots.
And Petey got a point!
You know you're old when your first thought was the [Pokémon Pikachu](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pokémon_Pikachu) and not the ones that came with Heart Gold and Soul Silver.
I had a friend who had to take Swoop from Abby to Hamilton, ON (closest) then take the Greyhound. Apparently it was way cheaper than a direct flight.
AKA The Beanie Baby Problem
Pacioretty's pose makes him look like one of those bubble hockey players that twist at the waist to shoot
Hockey Authentic is a legit company. They're based out of Vancouver.
The NHL has [bye weeks](https://www.si.com/nhl/2018/01/08/team-schedule-bye-weeks-2018-nhl-season)
She has a "denture" voice
A lady once told me how a Furby saved her life. Furby was being annoying, so she shoved it in a drawer. She lit candles in her room and eventually fell asleep. By accident, the candles burned into the drawer where the Furby was. The light woke up the Furby, and it annoyed her awake. She was able to get out of the house unscathed.
Landmark Cinemas in New West has super comfy seats.
Layers. Wear layers.
Good luck :)
It won't stop until Quebec shuts down their selfish QIIP program. :(
Maybe she didn't say anything cause she enjoyed her own brand
My phone didn't come with it installed. Thank goodness
I honestly am cheering for your team to win the Cup soon. Some of my fav players (Pietrangelo, etc) are on your team. Good luck guys, I hope your puck luck turns around.
Its usually for big groups but idk OPs situation
I dunno. I quite like the Asian restaurants here where the waitress takes your order, drops your food off and don't bug you otherwise. Much better than the fake nice shit some other restaurants pull
I totally believe Bishop. Just look at some of the bruises beer leaguers get in /r/hockeygoalies and imagine being shot at by NHL-ers in smaller equipment.
Do you tip your cashier at the local supermarket?
There is no such thing as too much cheese
Write it all down while it's fresh in your mind. You can submit witness reports in writing so you'll sound more concise and objective. https://onlinebusiness.icbc.com/eforms/dotcom/jsp/witness_information.jsp
I remember one dark rainy night. I was trying to turn right so I shoulder checked. Didn't think I saw anything but then some very weird dim reflection caught my eye. I inched up just a little to see a cyclist was wearing all black with no lights and was hanging out in my blind spot. He was basically invisible to me had I not caught a weird reflection off his black helmet.
There is an actual subreddit /r/nutscapes
I saw a lady weaving around a busy Walmart at a snail's pace because she was texting. She was bumping people, things and ignoring her stupid kid who was yelling, screaming and running around. Finally, she ran over her own kid and two problems were solved at once.
More like "receptionist in a health care setting who thinks she's an RN"
You can't just change phonics! Does she get mad when people pronounce it Kay-den?
Flash your emergencies for a few blinks.
When I used to work retail, our store had a really bad fire that shut it completely down. Some lady screamed at us because she'd been TOLD we'd be open she called yesterday and that she should be allowed in to buy what she needed.
"Gravity's a theory, I don't see you jumping off that bridge!"
It's not uncommon where I live. Maybe it's region dependent.
Ask them if they shit with the door open
"Sanitation engineer" - janitor
Same! I actually fell asleep during parts of Rogue One cause it really wasn't all that great, but when that breathing filled the theatre and the red lightsaber came on...
I swear, the geese near Burnaby Central know how to cross the street better than the students.
Starbucks Mermaids
Ringke Fusion is my vote. Soft sides (but keys do not feel mushy) but hard back. Slightly raised so you can put the phone face down; also slightly raised in the back so the metal plate I attached for my car holder doesn't make the whole thing rock when I put it face up. Not bulky and not expensive (about $12 when I bought it).
Make it a sample size of 2? They called, I told him "Taiwan #1" and that I hope his social score got lowered. Haven't gotten a call back but we'll see!
We're gonna see Michael Jordan, we're gonna see Michael Jordan! We're gonna see Michael Jordan cause we got good tickets! We went 500 miles..."
I've only ever gone when the cyclist uses the "slowing down" signal to show they aren't just going to blast through or when the cyclist made eye contact with me. Otherwise, it's not worth the risk.
And those at honk at you to go when there is clearly a police car/ambulance/fire truck trying to get through traffic. I've been honked twice this week when there was a fire truck blaring down the road (toward us) less than half a block away.
Ringke Fusion is my vote. Soft sides (but keys do not feel mushy) but hard back. Slightly raised so you can put the phone face down; also slightly raised in the back so the metal plate I attached for my car holder doesn't make the whole thing rock when I put it face up. Not bulky and not expensive (about $12 when I bought it).
I want to see the Dowager Countess of Grantham Force-choke the shit out of Spratt
I smell and taste and would probably eat all of those recipes. I'm not picky (I don't like cilantro/parsley though).
"Grip it and rip it." Boeser rubbing off on Pettersson.
No gif, but will you accept [this](https://i.imgur.com/N4aPrwW.png)?
I can already see this not working out for certain portions of Vancouver. There are some people who own million dollar homes and drive supercars that claim little to no income (they are either "students" or "homemakers").
Yes and yes.
Every guy on reddit seems to be 6'3" and 210lb+ My brother does this in real life though. Always brings the conversation back to his height.
It was not a direct "whine" but what I took from this quote was that he thought he played well enough not to be scratched: &gt; You like to think ice time is performance-based. (But) whether I’m playing, what situations I’m playing, power play, penalty kill — none of that is in my control. What’s in my control is making the most of the minutes I’m given. I think I’ve done a really good job of that. &gt; “Even before I sat out, I thought I did a really good job of that. Some of that stuff is pretty frustrating with the stuff you can’t control, especially with the amount of work I put into being a professional every single day, including the extra things that go unseen away from the rink. This is part of the business — I understand the direction of the hockey club and what they want.” https://www.sportsnet.ca/hockey/nhl/canucks-del-zotto-getting-chance-lead-team-works-injuries/
No suspension I bet. What a joke.
Any news on Stecher?
I hope he gets stuck in the ECHL for the rest of his career
Cars that are so low to the ground that they can't make it over a speed bump without either scraping the shit out of their car or they have to swerve over it.
My classmate experienced this. AFAIK, you take it as soon as it's available. With generic courses (not program specific) you can probably take it the next semester, but with course specific ones you might have to wait a year. And you wouldn't be able to take any of the courses that require that course as a pre-req with the rest of your class, but I guess you don't have that issue.
When you feel a clot glorping out of you during your period
I drive further to go to quieter Costcos. Honestly, they're all terrible but Richmond is special.
&gt; voogers I have a new word to add to my vocabulary
Is this like the third game in a row with a "refs you suck" chant?
Nooooooooo
Refs, you suck! Refs, you suck!
He's kind of like the ringer in beer league where he passes off more than shoots so he's not a puck hog
I like you
In case this is not a joke, there is a defined Galactic Standard Calendar, based on Coruscant's days/nights. Although I don't know if this has gone to shit like the "Legends" stuff.
I'm also in Canada so it's really nothing special. He brings it up at any opportunity. Like he'll show me some pictures of his friend's wedding and will make comments like, "Look I'm the tallest one here" (yes, he's taller than some of his friends but not by any meaningful margin).
I saw this one at Costco some time in 2011. I only browsed through it really quickly but it seems alright. Maybe someone can vouch for it. https://www.amazon.ca/Canucks-40-Game-Stories-Passion/dp/0470679166
Try the McDonald's coffee frappe. It's got more of a coffee taste to it, and IMO, way better than the ice cap.
They're super common in Vancouver. All the people wearing Canada Goose look extra ridiculous because the weather rarely drops below 0C; even in the winter, it maybe reaches -5C.
I'm imagining that you sound like Squidward when you walk.
I usually just pull over so they can get past me because I like being able to see when driving. And if I'm feeling a bit cranky, I just adjust my mirrors so it shines right back in their stupid faces.
Send a Christmas card back in the form of a [draft lottery pick](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-fa1rojvadFA/VTN3Yx9QmMI/AAAAAAAAA5I/zldNkVXcZ60/s1600/EDMONTON%2BOILERS.jpg)
It's a very, *very* chilly 7C right now.
For sure. Usually we see a bit of frosty grass in the morning by now, but it's just... business as usual. Rain and more rain.
I feel like this would be a good time to bring [this up again](https://i.redd.it/fa9w1nq0w5j11.jpg). Credit /u/OrcaDevil
Put it on and take a pic to be sure, but I think it's cause the white collar doesn't go all the way around like the Reeboks so it looks slightly off until you put it on.
They were purchased by Fairfax in Canada. Full story: https://business.financialpost.com/news/retail-marketing/toys-r-us-canada-wants-you-to-know-it-is-alive-and-well-and-not-going-anywhere-any-time-soon
Every time I watch a European game, it feels like I spend more time trying to find the players' name among the ads than watching actual hockey.
I feel so bad for the Danish goalie
2 goals ago
TL;DR - No. Unless you only want to make phone calls and texts.
My city doesn't have many of them because of the snow plow issue (apparently) even though it snows like twice a year. They also decided to use environmentally friendly paint that reflects like dogshit so when it rains (which is always), driving at night is 80% guessing where the lanes are.
Sorry, wrong country!
It barely even works for BB10 (if it still does), it won't work for BBOS7
Upper Deck loves to end limited runs on 9s. I have a bunch that are /99 or /999
Okay, who is actually wearing the Sedin jersey without the preceding initial?
LPT - If you have a Uniqlo near you, go there for pants. I have womens pants that can easily fit my entire hand (for reference, I wear size 14" hockey gloves) in there. I will no longer buy pants from any other brand.
The weights in my gym are labelled in both lb and kg
I'd have the opposite reaction. Someone mentions 60mph and I'd think "eh that's not that fast" but it's more or less 100kph. American TV shows confused me as a kid because characters would say "it's a 100 degrees outside" and I would be thinking "I thought water boiled at 100C, how could it be that hot outside?"
Giant Adam's apple
Fraser Health inspects Burnaby and other cities east from there. http://www.healthspace.ca/fha
I don't even want to think about that option. The person would have had to catch the rat and boil it (judging by how sludgey it looks) then sneak it into their soup
The FoodSafe program introduced expiry dates a few years ago so his might have been valid at the time of opening but has since expired and he hasn't bothered to renew.
Oh boy... thanks for the link. Good entertainment for a rainy day.
I only went there because it was part of a packaged tour. I was still pretty damn mad we went all the way to see a stupid ass rock.
Hand her one of the life vests, tell her it's a jetpack to get her to Utah and open the door!
I was on a flight where the seats were fixed. So if you reclined, you shortened your own leg space but didn't affect others. It was okay-comfortable for me for a 12 hour flight, but I think the airline eventually removed them due to complaints. They were like [these](http://www.9to5travel.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/cathay-seat.png)
Yeah, but there's vomit on his sweater already
He looks like he's trying to hide a mouthful of jellybeans from his teammates
Doesn't hold a candle to [Morris Titanic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morris_Titanic). Best hockey name ever
I keep hearing "Giorgiano" and not "Giordano"
Booo come on guys wake up
Can anyone read lips? I can't really tell what Petey said when he was angry and shouting on the bench.
AWWWW YEAAAAH
Loved that OT shift with Boeser and Pettersson trying to shoot holes through Rittich
Ted Lindsay too!
I'm hoping he's willing to play ball (puck) now that Green is the coach and not Willie.
Then that's absolutely sleazy. Post your experience wherever you can and spread the word. Next time, head to Pacific Coast Cresting on Kingsway. Good work, fast and depending on what's being done, it can be less than $80.
I've seen some posts on reddit that basically say "move out to the suburbs. You guys just don't want to commute." That would make sense but where I live, a house that is a 90 minute drive one way (on a good day) into the city centre costs an average of 1 million, and there are fewer jobs the further out you go. Can't win.
I thought the owner said he dumped everything? Not quite sure if I believe him though.
Do you want Del Zotto? We'll give him to you for your DJ.
We'll be generous and take McDavid so you'll have even more cap space!
Deal! No backsies.
Wondering what MDZ could get us from the Oilers...
I usually trash talk my Oilers friend but I can't even do that now without feeling guilty. Just offered him a ride on the Pettersson hype train instead.
Is there an Amazon pick-up point or Locker near you? Some more info: https://www.amazon.ca/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201994450
I feel like the pens used in that sub are basically cheating since they balance the weights of their pens.
I only really used like 2 Android apps and it was usable. Slower to load but it worked okay. I've been on the KeyOne for about 18 months now. I still miss BB10 so badly. Android seems so clunky by comparison.
Passport. Go big or go home. The keyboard will take some getting used to though.
My friend worked with tourists and was regularly called unhelpful by Europeans because she told them that a day trip to Toronto from Vancouver (4200km one way) was impossible.
They accept almost everyone, push students through their system, charge too much money and in the end, the student's certificate/diploma is worth garbage. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diploma_mill
I'll miss them. The perfect fifth, then the perfect fourth of the three notes when the doors close and the whine and hum as the Skytrain gets up to speed is kind of soothing... like I know I'm home.
How could you forget hockey season? I call shenanigans!
I think they've migrated to /r/waterhomies
Since this is a weird fact thread and both hockey and Flat Stanley have been mentioned... Brandon Sutter's nickname is Flat Stanley because he's so skinny
Agree. They were only going to slow Captain Marvel down if she had to turn back to help them. She could have blasted straight through everyone and everything.
Best - Brock Boeser Worst - [Kevin Shattenkirk](https://i.redd.it/5toh8toxkm9z.jpg)
When I used to work retail, the first stage of screening was "did they to see a manager?" If yes, resume and application go in the shredder. If no, then it goes in the maybe pile.
Weather - mildest in Canada Jobs - not much the further you go from Vancouver Family - depends on your situation You have to keep in mind that rent can be 1k for 1 bedroom even out in the suburbs. It's not like everyone is living within walking distance to their jobs.
You can buy [food out of someone's trunk](https://www.richmond-news.com/news/trunk-trade-unlicensed-food-market-quietly-growing-in-richmond-1.21805131)
/u/LockpickingLawyer visits a museum
Does your speedometer not have metric units? Mine has both metric and Imperial.
Long story short - Canada regulates how much foreign dairy gets imported so our farmers don't get overrun by American dairy.
/r/11foot8
You have to take ICBC approved courses to get your time reduced by about 6 months. https://www.icbc.com/driver-licensing/driver-training/Pages/New-drivers-or-riders.aspx
If they ask for WPM, they will probably test for WPM.
We do in some parts of the city. Not as many as I'd like though. Parts of Kingsway are blocked to hell by people trying to turn left because there aren't any left turn lanes.
Don't forget MDZ
/r/KneadyCats/
Yeah, I didn't like the season long story arcs. I'm glad they started going back to individual episode storylines (sorta).
I've flown Swoop to Edmonton. I had no extra luggage so no extra fees. $100 round trip, comfortable enough seats. No complaints.
That takes a ridiculous amount of energy.
Plus if he's paired with Hughes, there's no pressure for him to rush the puck (and subsequently turn it over and be unable to rush back). I think he will be good for this team.
You should have posted this one as the main story instead. This one is 1000x worse.
Darren Pang v Ben Bishop http://i.imgur.com/W73jN8f.jpg https://i.imgur.com/ioisQV9.jpg
It could even be part of the MCU. Will Stronghold and Peter Quill are step brothers!
There was a guy in my city whose vape blew up in his mouth. Broken jaw, broken teeth and burns.
Woops, that's what I meant. Then merge Sky High with Professor Xavier's School for Gifted Youngsters.
Petey is as picky with his tie off the ice (this video, and the Dice and Ice video) as he is with his helmet on the ice.
Like a slinky?
Shades of JJ Daigneault
In Canada, you can tell the court that it would cause you hardship and asked to be excused from jury duty. Most of the time, they'll excuse you but you might have to provide documentation, etc.
A friend of mine likes to refer to those trucks as "Pavement Princesses"
Once McDonald's starts to carry a small selection of donuts and maybe some hot soup, Tims is done for. Anecdotally (and I agree), McDonald's bagels are better than Tims. Hell, I even prefer McDonald's ice frappe better than the ice cap.
Click to cry: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GV92203RtUk
Can't be any un-fresher than Tim Hortons
The closest is Coquitlam, I believe.
The name brand stuff (in Canada at least?) have paper sticks.
Oof, that was a doozy
Don't forget a bunch of high schools (Killarney, DT, Magee, etc) and a Canada Line stop too.
An explanation in song form: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8ZF_R_j0OY
Ben Hutton too!
He was the only reason I watched the first Frozen and was sorely disappointed when he only got that Reindeer song.
Market Crossing in Burnaby can be quiet-ish (depends on when). Even quieter across the street in the lot with Winners and Sportchek. And if you're coming eastbound, there's a small bit of road where you can go 80kph if you want some practice going faster when you feel more confident. Behind Market Crossing is an industrial area where the traffic isn't too heavy but there are four way stops and stuff, and lots of space to practice parallel parking.
Dane de Haan is usually better than the performance he gave in that movie, but I still hate his voice because he sounds like Starlord trying to lower his voice to match Thor.
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Serious - did he even play with the Blues enough to get his name on the Cup?
All I can think about is how gross it feels to put on sweaty gear.
A small part of me wants to see a Boston riot, but I don't want stuff to get wrecked or people to get hurt. I will just watch the Marchand crying gif over and over again.
This'll do for now: https://imgur.com/zG6K5m2
FYI - Costco at Christmas usually has the entire Calvin and Hobbes series in a three book box set for $50.
Nope!
That third jersey ... :(
You got lucky that he let you off. They probably hear the same sorry excuse every day.
Just look at the whole rapist Brock Turner thing. He got off relatively lightly and the people on his side were worried it would affect his collegiate career and future prospects. None of them gave a shit how it affected his victim.
I called the VPD when my car was broken into just so it would count in the statistics, not that I expected anything to be done.
It went to market rather than went to *the* market
All the franchises (okay, maybe not the Oilers?) in one go. Bravo.
How do you say "fuck Messier" in Swedish?
Anecdotally, I drive along Imperial nearly almost every day and there are a lot of 4 way stops (Sperling, Gilley, Griffiths, Walker, etc) and I find that the stop sign compliance for cars there is pretty close to 100%. Same with Marine Drive (Gilley, Royal Oak, etc).
Trade for Dougie Hamilton, John Klingberg and Malcolm Subban and you get a younger brother line up. Tkachuk - Suzuki - Foote Hamilton - Klingberg Subban
Talk to your classmates and see if you can get anyone to carpool with you so you can take the HOV lane and save on parking.
I miss BB10 more and more every day that I have to use Android.
The fakes :(
There's a few things that make it easy to spot: Font * Check out the font used for VANCOUVER on the authentic one (Row 3, Column 2) vs the font used on the fake one (Row 4, Column 4) Collar * Check out the collar in the authentic one (Row 3, Column 2) vs. the collar on the one just below it (Row 4, Column 2). Logo * The stick-in-rink used for the fake jersey (Row 2, Column 4 and Row 4, Column 2) is wrong. With the Reeboks, we had the angled one (like Row 3, Column 1), and the stick is too thick in the logo itself. * The Orca in the fakes are always a tad off in the nose area, but it's hard to describe. * I'm unsure if it's the angle of the photo, but the angle of the logo in the Skate jersey (Row 2, Column 5) isn't tilted at an angle like the ones in the top left corner. Material * Harder to see in the photo, but if you check out the beige material used for the Millionaires jersey, it's puffy. The real one (nothing to compare to) is flatter. Smell * Obviously you can't tell with this photo, but the fakes smell different.
Were you adopted by any chance?
Pettersson already in mid-season form with the media snark. Love it.
Salo?
&gt; Recognition on on can still be th gloved hands ?
Found the inspiration behind the RBK O Stick!
I had a redditor tell me he didn't believe in buying Reddit gold but he liked my comment so he would donate $10 to my charity of choice. It made me feel a lot better than if I had gotten the gold.
I did this just a few days ago and actually got a hurried apology before they hung up.
WIN (the Calder) WITH ELIAS!
Chinatown - Bamboo Village There's also one down the street near that vegan store but I don't remember the name.
[Biggest one](https://media.gettyimages.com/photos/elias-pettersson-of-the-vancouver-canucks-poses-with-the-calder-to-picture-id1157032488?s=2048x2048) (2048x1421) I could find, but still as Getty Images logo on it.
I can't wait to see Hughes feeding to Pettersson and Boeser blasting away on either side of the ice.
I can't find a good pic, but it's right under the time display and it says 10c for x minutes, 25c for x+y minutes, $1.00 for x+y+z minutes. I've never seen one that says 5c so I just assumed they didn't take nickels.
They're on the horizontal part (it's got a glare on the photo), just below the time display. You have to look down on it to see. [This](https://vancouversun.com/news/local-news/widespread-vandalism-can-lead-to-parking-meter-windfall-for-vancouver) is the best photo I can find. You can barely just make out the $2.00 for 120 minutes.
I wonder if Darryl Katz's kid will continue the tradition of being in all of the Oilers' first rounders' photos.
Smyl choked on his own tongue trying to say Podkolzin
I'm probably wooshing but why did he call out Maple Ridge of all places
Oh I see. I've always associated him with Comox instead.
And when you leave, are you supposed to show the other table your ass or your crotch?
He'll just end up with a generic hockey nickname. "Podzy"
Blue shirt is Daniel and white shirt is Henrik
Alternatively, I've heard that you can get the dogs to eat it if you pour bacon grease on the poop. If you have a regular perpetrator who always takes the same route...
I learned with Young Drivers and I'd recommend them. They don't teach you the exam like many other places; they teach you how to drive.
And there are also a lot of small guys that don't make it that never seem to get mentioned in these conversations. Jordan Schroeder, Zach Boychuk, etc. I don't think any were touted as highly as Caufield and the game is definitely changing but his small size is a disadvantage.
The distance to the wheel isn't the adjustment that bothers me (I have a super basic car so there's only so many increments it can be adjusted) but the *angle of my seat*
At worst, they'll be available next year. If you're impatient it couldn't hurt to call the Team Store and see if they can get one without the patch for you.
She might eat you
Well, we did cheer for a goal Crosby scored at GM Place that *one* time, so I'll allow it.
As someone living in a country without a Souplantation... how do you have a plantation of soups??
He sounds like Star-Lord trying to sound like Thor in Infinity War
She would probably inhale you like Kirby
Maybe Jet Black Jim is spreading false rumours to get the media off his back
Budgers who try to "mingle" around the front to get on first.
Spence Diamonds. WAAAAAOOOOOOOOOO
Or, play the same song one beat behind. It works wonderfully
Can she actually play for a university team considering she's played professional hockey?
I wonder if we could fight this since IIRC the recapture penalty was implemented after we signed Luongo
Also Quebec's QIIP program. Quebec reaps all the benefits and BC gets fucked.
I love stocking up on frozen dim sum from Kam Wai for random dim sum cravings.
I took LIBS7007 with Nargis Abraham online. If she hasn't changed the structure of her course, it was pretty easy for me, even though I had the full 7 course load that semester. YMMV.
He actually looks like a "Cody"
Only one way to find out!
Canucks 2011 was pretty bad. All of a sudden people who couldn't name half the roster were wearing jerseys and watching. But as soon as we hit the low years soon after, they were all gone.
How is the privacy for these apps?
I agree. The worst I ever get with officers is that they're curt but they're never been overtly rude.
And AdNauseum! It's basically uBlock but it clicks ALL the ads (that you don't see) so it confuses advertisers and costs them money for clicks. Also don't use Adblock or Adblockplus; I believe they sold out to advertisers.
I want coupons and flyers but none of the real estate bullshit.
What do you think about something like OSHA? Your previous trades experience will come into play and the program isn't that long. Pay depends on where you get hired but it's not bad.
My friend invited me to this party thing he had going. Everyone there was involved one way or another in finance, or they were teachers, and it was *so* boring! All they talked about was their students and their accounts. I'm in neither of those fields so there wasn't much involvement for me and I ended up leaving early.
Sedins?
The bent license plate is the cherry on top
My aunt has the weird ability to snip one of those little fuckers in half while they're flying around so she doesn't have to wait for them to land.
Gisnep
One optometrist in my area has a section of glasses frames you can choose that are labelled "Asian fit"... you'd think they'd go with "low bridge" or something a little more PC
Had my credit card compromised once. The bank caught it right away (whoever was using it made a bunch of digital purchases or something off a German site) and called me to tell me what was going on. They refunded me, sent me a new card and that was that.
You'd think Palpatine would have run out of money like 2 Death Stars ago or something...
Look into programs at BCIT. They're well known for helping their grads get jobs in the field. Programs are usually 2 years.
Showerthought: do anti-vaxxers refuse the rabies vaccine?
This one is still my favourite phone.
Thank you again for Hughes, Detroit!!
I love the [descriptor under Brock's name](https://i.imgur.com/OzTTJGI.png)
It was on Daniel
YEA HOCKEY GAUD
Report it to Fraser Health. https://www.fraserhealth.ca/about-us/contact-us/restaurant-complaint
Those same people are also saying Uber would have done differently but Uber charges for returning stuff too.
In my entire province, there is only one choice for insurance. I drive a Toyota (which I bought used), do not have any tickets or accidents and my insurance is $2500/year. It's set to go up the next time I renew because the rates have gone up again.
I am Canadian and deal with temperatures a lot. A lot of older people are still using Fahrenheit so I will write both down (ex. 4C/40F) so there's no confusion.
It looks so much like the keyboard that BlackBerry already sued that I'm wondering if this is just a scam for money
Check out /r/BCIT too
Out of curiosity, I googled "most injured NHL players" and he's listed as #1 https://i.imgur.com/oe1PtjW.png
wbbwwbbwbbwbwbw needs to be a flair
Increasing the costs foreigners won't do a thing. They just up and leave as soon ss they can and leave us to foot the bill.
I honestly can't say for sure. I only took a quick glance cause traffic was moving.
Oh lol I was on Main St. Makes sense now.
I can't even imagine how many lifeguards it would take to get one patient out of the pool in an emergency.
Demko wears Brian's pads
I don't think anyone's been able to "hack" BBOS, at least not to the point you'd be able to install homebrew stuff.
For the rest of the league - pug in the box refers to Chris Tanev's newly created Instagram (probably at the behest of the younger guys on the team). His first post was a picture of his [pug in a box](https://www.instagram.com/p/B5WnM8_HWhG/).
Yeah, I think creating more city centres is better than trying to build transit infrastructure to move huge populations in and out of the city proper.
Personally, I wanted clear separation between work and life so I would never open my own business. I just chose my career carefully to cater to my wants and needs. So far, so good (though money could always be better).
Was the next question, "Where's the eleven on the phone?!"
And if you can, back the truck up right against a wall so the doors can't be opened
And Ewoks blinking!!
Or grew up with ten older brothers.
Or I could go home faster with the time I've saved and read in the comfort of my own home. I can't do my work on transit (it's the nature of the job, not that I get motion sickness or anything).
Sometimes when I'm speaking to shy people I don't know whether to continue because they'd like someone to talk to, or if I should shut up because they might be uncomfortable.
That's not minor
I like how you censor his last name as if his first names aren't unique, haha
My money's on Bertha
Why does the "6" drive me crazy
The old lids leaked even when the tab wasn't ripped open. I hate those stupid things.
Row 3, second to last one next to Montreal
It's easier than it sounds. 1. Find the autoloader for the OS version you want and matches your device. Download it. 2. Plug your phone into the computer. Back up your phone. Disconnect BB Link. 3. Click on the file you just downloaded. 4. Wait. Don't touch the phone. 5. Play with your newly refreshed phone.
One guy I was dealing with just couldn't answer any of the questions I sent him. They were also in point form so it wasn't like I wrote a wall of text. I just copy and pasted my original email to reply to his "answers" because I was tired of dealing with him. I had to copy, paste and reply 9 times before he got the hint.
The only Disney-Star Wars thing that I've liked so far is The Mandalorian. Otherwise, as far as I'm concerned, "Legends" is canon to me.
For Android, it depends on which watch you get and if it has that feature. Most of them have it incorporated now, even the cheap Chinese ones.
I don't know of any but you could always go to Sports Junkies, pick up a cheap used pair and take it to the ODR.
Wtf I'd be super grateful that someone would cook for me (and elaborate meals at that).
3 rookies in 3 consecutive all star games. Future is hella bright!
But the AHL team won't be on the west coast at least half of the time. *That's* the travel that's killer because they do it by bus. Just check out [this map](https://www.eliteprospects.com/league/ahl). If they put the team in Abbotsford, the closest team is Stockton, and that's a 15 hour drive according to Google Maps. Utica puts them way closer to the other teams and reduces all the travel.
A daughter named Tribby-Annie
Uniqlo too. Plus they're often on sale for $12 and they tailor for free (or for $5)
Try contacting BureauVeritas or Exova and see if they can arrange that kind of testing?
I think his cancer came back too
There was a chef had his genitals removed and served them to select guests.
This is why Amazon is now full of cheap Chinese shit.
I found LIBS7007 with Nargis Abraham was easy because she gave a list of questions, from which she would choose the ones that would be on the final exam. YMMV.
Check out [this old listing](https://sidelineswap.com/gear/hockey/sticks/one-piece-sticks/512210-bauer-new-lh-ncaa-usa-pro-stock-1x-lite-87-flex) and [this old listing](https://sidelineswap.com/gear/hockey/sticks/one-piece-sticks/836190-bauer-quinn-hughes-university-of-michigan-pro-stock-hockey-stick-u-of-m) on Sideline Swap too. They're both Quinn Hughes pro-stock sticks for when he played in Michigan.
Weirdest. Kebab. Ever.
Call Campus Security and see if they can give you a jump.
I've seen them in tanks at some of the Chinese seafood stores.
National Treasure 1 and 2 were one of the first things I watched once I realized it was on Disney+
I love the "illusions"
Flipping through channels is no longer satisfying :(
What did you think the C was for? Celsius?
Me too. I just point it at my feet so no one gets blinded but it helps so much. Especially with the rain, because the road markings are so shit you use more of your attention than you should trying to stay in your lane.
My favourite reaction video to the golden goal https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuJH2WXJGHI
I'm getting an error when I type in "vancitysportshop.com"... is that the correct URL? http://www.vancitysports.com is legit though
I skipped the part where LaShanta was speaking to Lola because it was making my skin crawl
I've only seen it online. To be fair, I haven't bothered going into an official Fossil store either. I'm in Canada btw
I'd agree with the Young Drivers suggestion. I took five lessons with them and didn't have any classroom time.
They closed the Roots outlet store in my city so I haven't bothered looking at their products since. They're expensive.
I have a Collider HR. I bought a screen protector (plastic film) and I'm waiting for it to arrive. I had a spare glass one for my usual watch but the glass of the Collider is curved so it didn't stick well. If your FB-01 has a flat surface, just get a glass protector. They're cheap.
Answer them and troll. Eventually the number of calls dwindle. I'm down to about one a month or less.
Not gonna make it a Virtanen?
I was a little disappointed he couldn't get the goal for himself.
How big of an ass do you have to be that your collegue drives your SO to the ER? Glad he's your ex.
I feel like they deserve hazard pay.
I think the left vs right needs to take into account which is the player's dominant hand as well. Like Henrik Sedin is right handed but shoots left, but Daniel Sedin is left handed and shoots left. For our current team, the best shooter is Pettersson (right handed, shoots left) or Boeser (right handed, shoots right).
Also, "he cayn't hardly pee!"
There's a gif of a dude snipping a chunk of his front tooth off with a nail clipper. I won't link it for sanity reasons.
What in the hell is this anthem singer doing
2 mins to Sutter for interference - his face interfered with the path of Labanc's fist
Deal! No trade backsies
U single
Finally some good luck for Loui
HUGGYYYY
I'm pretty sure there's a fanfiction out there where Horvat is pregnant.
Yup. Started driving my first day.
Oh man, don't I wish a house was 40k. That's not even 25% of a downpayment.
Not a hospital worker, but the one I carry is so old I can't set the date any later than 2015.
I have a 9-5, M-F. It's boring, it's repetitive but I don't care. I can plan things in advance!
https://www.sportsnet.ca/hockey/nhl/hours-quinn-hughes-talks-nhl-nicknames-calder-race/
The Lower Mainland never reaches -35C, thankfully!
I've accepted that picking Virtanen over Ehlers/Nylander and Juolevi over Tkachuk meant that we got Pettersson and Hughes.
The Salo bombs made me feel so bad for the players attempting to block the shots
Turn it off and stop using it
What year did you buy?
Fraser Health closures: https://healthspace.ca/Clients/FHA/FHA_Website.nsf/Food-Closures?OpenView&amp;Count=1000
Yeah and there's practically no snow now, one week later. The money is better spent elsewhere.
Should have farted on the kids like that other redditor
My coworker uses one because it's smaller than a typical reusable bag and fits everything she needs.
I still remember ordering a small Coke at a fast food place and getting something that would be considered L or XL here.
Carolina tried that with the Staals but only got 3/4
Fill [this form](https://onlinebusiness.icbc.com/eforms/dotcom/jsp/witness_information.jsp) out
So you might as well just fight back and at least *deserve* the punishment you're going to get.
I've heard some people's keyboards were failing (especially the space bar). Personally, my KeyOne's keyboard held up for the entire 2+ years I was using it, *except* the space bar. It kinda just fell out on one side but still worked absolutely fine so I just stuck it down with double sided tape and it didn't make a difference.
You mean #bringbackthechickenbakes
Are you related to the "what's a potato" guy?
I like to use them for complex trips with a bunch of stops and tours etc. Peace of mind is great.
I've always hated the "improv humour" type stuff because all the lines seemed so forced. You can see the actors struggling to find something funny to say and it just doesn't flow.
https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2tdbig/tifu_by_enraging_the_parents_of_my_girlfriend_by/
I'm pretty sure you can use a goalie jersey as a wingsuit with how large the arms are to fit the arm blocks.
Maybe you tape the top and bottom separately so you can still have the hole.
I vote for playing the same music as they are but one beat behind.
And when they realize congestion will increase and that Uber/Lyft drivers are no better than taxi drivers
I do. I cringe every time they go around corners because I'm afraid someone's going to blow a tire
Size 16 shoes are about a 14 in skate size. Bauer usually makes them but they're expensive and not a lot of stores stock them. [Bauer Vapor X700](https://www.thehockeyshop.com/collections/hockey-skates-senior/products/bauer-vapor-x700-senior-skates-oversized) in Size 14 are like $500 CAD
No because the Mosteller formula (used by /u/AdmiralFartmore in his original analysis) was for surface area and not weight of the skin. Also I don't want to be put on a list for Googling how much skin weighs.
Someone beat me to it. Happy Cake Day!
Shea Weber: also BC boy
You gonna credit for S7Dsn for his work? https://twitter.com/S7Dsn/status/998057223518502912
I already hate ws gimmicky the exhibition games were in China and the Canucks lunar New Year jerseys were straight up pandering.
Kanye 88
It's the same reason that the Guinness World records eliminated certain categories.
Okay, then the instructor or software is just straight up silly for setting the answer as 1/4. At first I had assumed you didn't want to type numbers or something.
S7DSN did a mock up of it. Quinn Hughes looks awesome in it. https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DkCThuBVAAAmVS1.jpg
Looks like it's both https://www.healthline.com/health/smallpox-vaccine-scar
I'd probably pull a Karen in person at that particular restaurant.
So I guess it would be okay to park my car in your driveway since you cycle and have no need for your driveway? I won't cause any "hassle, danger or annoyance" to you.
I don't see how this is entrapment?
Maybe if you do it Fast and Furious style and never actually look at the road...?
Or if there's a huge lineup for a freeway exit and the asshole drives right to the front and tries to merge in.
FYI, you can buy it on Switch and you can get the drum accessory with it.
Bonus if you timed your kick as the kid was about to drink or eat so everything spilled all over the place
Buy the stuff marked "ankle length." It's about a 29-30" I do this because I have short legs and they fit like normal length pants on me.
I'm not discounting those who truly have depression but I swear every time someone tells a story about a family member/friend/acquaintance who is lazy or a slob, someone will always throw out that the person in question has depression. Some people are truly that lazy and disgusting.
The arena is not chanting "coconuts glow"
^(Go Canucks Go sounds like "Coconuts Glow" which is why, if you scroll to the bottom of this subreddit in desktop mode and on old reddit, you will see a glowing coconut.)
I actually really like it as a goal song
Or tells anyone to "do their research" but won't provide links or any other (legitimate) evidence
Vancouver has the "Skytrain" because most of the track is above ground.
Schaller has the palette of a toddler.
Add Angie J under trainwrecks (S07E09)
I'm in BC, and I find McDonald's to be very consistent. Tim Hortons still tastes like dirty dish water with varying degrees of food debris inside.
Your tapeworm is a Yeerk
Wake the parents up every time OP gets woken up by the brother. It's only fair.
Is it my stream or is the sound really weird? The arena is so loud compared to John &amp; John.
Quinn "All-Star" Hughes!!!
Yes. You can find botulism spores in honey, which is why they tell you not to feed it to children under 1. Traditional fermentation methods can also cause *C. botulinum* to grow. [Stink eggs made with traditional First Nations methods](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3713816/) was one. Wound botulism is another, but rare. *C. botulinum* lives in the dirt so it can happen if you got got contaminated dirt in your wound.
I've never seen a fake that looks (or even smells) convincing so take that as you will.
This is why I am at peace with the Virtanen/Juolevi picks; it meant that we got Pettersson and Hughes.
*"I brought my pimp cup!"*
It was less of a problem before because they could make that money back on other fares. Now Uber/Lyft come in and take those fares without having to take on the burden of the more expensive fleet.
I back into spots because I don't want to hit a pedestrian. I want to be able to see them.
Can I ask why you chose for Mjolnir to face that way? I personally would have faced it the other way (hammer head toward hand) so it's like how Thor holds it when he flies.
My friend said it felt like her eyeballs were itchy for the rest of the day because they went so deep with the q-tip.
I've seen it at Asian grocery stores before, mostly in the summer
I think /u/Travis_Healey means this: **Hub on the West Coast:** * Eastern games can be played at: 1600 west coast time/1900 east coast time * Western games can be played at: 1900 west coast time/2200 east coast time **Hub on the East Coast:** * Eastern games are played at 1900 east coast time/1600 west coast time. Then when do you play western games? You are left with two choices: * 1600 east coast time = 1300 west coast time (most people are still at work) * 2200 east coast time = 1900 west coast time (very late for the players because they'd have to play til 0100 because games are approximately 3 hours). With the West Coast Hub, it means both games can be played at prime times for their respective locations.
I'm going tomorrow. I trust my dentist (he's been my dentist for 20+ years) and he's the kind of guy to spend tons of money upgrading his equipment when it's not strictly necessary.
Relatives of former players, not players who have goalie-siblings.
Holy, so much has happened since then that I'd genuinely forgotten that Kobe Bryant died only 5 months ago.
I've posted this before, but when I would visit this particular senior home, there was this lady who would continuously wander the hallways of her unit. She clutched a teddy bear, and would say things like, "Daddy, where are you? I'm scared. Daddy, I don't know anybody. I need you, Daddy."
Getting stuck upside down while spelunking https://i.imgur.com/BkmpH9v.jpg
Like McFarlanes? I used to collect my favourite players (NHL only) but they stopped making hockey figures and the quality went way downhill.
I put it on while on the treadmill because it's a good distraction
In extreme cases, some people buy a spare buckle to buckle in, then they don't even have to feel the seatbelt under their butt.
I love the popcorn idea! A little bit of fun at a sombre time.
Magnifying glass on a sunny day? /s
BC always get made fun of for having "warm winters" from people who live in Alberta, Manitoba and Saskatchewan until they experience what a soggy winter we have.
Note: Microwave while WET so you don't start a fire.
[Green Men Moments](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8cmgjFa3V4) The waffle one has to be my favourite.
That's so cute! Was it a display model for a hockey shop? I would ask /r/hockeygoalies too
Maybe she wanted to know if you were taking a nap on purpose, or if you had accidentally fallen asleep and would miss something important? That's my best guess at her rationale...
Especially now, because people assume you have the Rona
Lookin' like fool with your pants on the ground!
* My signed Quinn Hughes third jersey. I got to meet him at a fan event so it's more special to me than if I had purchased it from some autograph hound. I'm afraid to wear it and I'm thinking about framing it. * My Luc Bourdon rookie card collection.
Some jobs will say you just need a license if they have fleet cars, but I've found that it's less common than requiring a Class 5 *and* access to your own vehicle.
There's some in Canada (but not too common)
I'm still kicking myself for not buying it at the beginning of quarantine. It would have been perfect.
Wasn't it just a different name for welfare and not true UBI? Ibelieve it was minimum income and not really UBI.
&gt;" Maybe a little bit more enthusiasm and encouragement to get those people sitting on the fence." &gt;"Getting up to 75 per cent would be great, it just gives us a lot more flexibility." Those two quotes are gross. They want to use Dr. Henry as a puppet and think she should put their profits before public health. Also - what is that title? Did no one proofread?
I've never had that issue before... but can you just take the card out and stick it in your computer to transfer the files?
If you're not planning to stay in Canada, then any of the universities would be better for you than BCIT.
When I used to work in retail, some tags just didn't set off the sensor cause they were busted. I've also had it happen to me personally so I can give the benefit of the doubt to OP.
There's some listed in the free section on Craigslist
I'm not on dark mode on mobile. Using old.reddit on my desktop.
Temperature abuse the food instead. It's practically impossible to trace and even if they do find the culprit food, it's hard to pin it on any one person. Note: Do NOT actually do this.
This would be a nice live wallpaper
Perhaps we should go the other way and give them too *much* information. Kind of like how [AdNauseam](https://adnauseam.io/) works, where all the ads on a page are clicked (and also hides them from you so you don't have endure the ads) so your actual preferences are a little more obscured.
I like [this version](https://i.redd.it/jwml8491gte11.jpg) with the shoulder patch better.
Public transport/car sharing is really only good within Vancouver. For the people who come from even Burnaby or Richmond, never mind other cities further away, public transport/car sharing might not be feasible.
I find it weird that Dahlen's staying in Allsvenskan instead of moving up one tier, never mind trying North American hockey.
E-bee-as Pettersson
What's the approximate turnaround time? I have some jerseys I would like to get names/numbers for soon.
Don't forget to hide the task bar!
I swear Always has changed their glue formula because it never used to leave traces before.
In a pinch you can just knot the broken ends together so you can sorta use it.
Langley Events Centre where the Vancouver Giants play is another broadcast ready rink. It's not far from Vancouver (for the people not from this area, Langley is about a 45 minute drive from Vancouver).
Wakanda forever!
I took the wrong bus once and ended up on 6th, but needed to get up to Broadway. The fastest route was up that hill and I nearly died by the time I got to the top with all my stuff.
I still do not understand the pose they chose for her for Winter Soldier. Like what is she *doing*?
If you get a two-piece to best match your weird body, you then have to worry about the top flipping up or the bottoms slipping down.
Side note: I wish Count Dooku used the Darth Tyrannus title more. It sounds way cooler than Dooku
Titles can't be edited, so you're stuck with it
This is my fear every time I turn left onto Boundary after getting off Hwy 1.
Count me in for My Greek. Mmmm... I think the Coquitlam one is better than the Surrey location
Vasilli's? Yeah the owner is an oddball
For Canada at least, with the exception of some fish, sashimi must be frozen for at -35C for 15 hours or -20C for 7 days.
That looks like extra footage from [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=396Hbe1iYgo) 4 years ago...
You can see Ewan McGregor/Obi-Wan Kenobi hiding a giggle behind his hand in the Padmé apartment scene. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SqTR0DorSw
I think there is a video somewhere on the Internet of a family just minding their own business and driving along when a rock comes through the windshield and kills the wife/mother in the passenger seat and you can hear the father and kids screaming. That's even worse that being the dead one IMO
I'm probably reading too much into it, but I wonder if she purposely scheduled it for lunch time to "show off" that she's a capable caretaker.
If a competitor is advertising an item for cheaper, Wal-Mart will match that advertised price.
They're still all McDonald's inside Wal-Marts in Canada. At least, in my part of Canada.
Lower Mainland, BC.
To be fair, I've never heard of it as "ad match" either and I'm also in Canada. We (or at least my part of Canada) calls it "price matching" as well.
You sure you didn't get a Ken doll?
I have a flashlight that has a strobe mode at 1000 lumens. Disorienting if nothing else.
No. A friend gave it to me as a gift but Lee Valley doesn't sell the brand. I have a Fenix FD30.
Agree with the toothpaste. I just use the corner of the counter to squeeze the toothpaste up to the opening when it runs low.
Don't give them any more ideas!
And if the temperature hovers around zero, the snow will melt then refreeze into an ersatz ice rink over night
Pick up and troll. YMMV, but I've dropped to maybe 1 spam call a month, if I get any at all (*knock on wood*). I find that working them up into a rage, like asking the Mandarin scammers about Tiananmen Square, is more fun than going along with the scam and revealing yourself at the end. Block too many numbers and you risk blocking someone who actually has that number because the caller ID is spoof.
The thumbnail makes him look like Mikael Samuelsson
Where I live, it rains so often (like we had 28 days in a row of rain before) that if it *doesn't* rain, I feel uncomfortable. Many people who move here suffer from SAD since they didn't grow up with it.
Surround sound
Some of them are lying to get across the Canadian border to go sight-seeing. I would absolutely not trust them to quarantine.
/r/neverbrokeabone
Magneto's name is Erik. This is all Professor X.
Trust in Bonnie!
Dr. Henry got us this far. I have faith in her decision not to back down to the NHL.
I bet she did calculations manually in Excel
We don't have a stat holiday in June, why not!
*crinkle*
Seconded! I also like their minced pork pies too.
Mike Matheson/Mikko Koskinen - defenseman and goalie wearing 19 is just wrong to me Quinn Hughes - 43 seems very random but I've come to love it
I think another reason is that some female leaders they don't want to be perceived as having bias towards female colleagues.
If the strata doesn't show you Fraser Health's report, you can check the inspection reports on Fraser Health's website and see if strata's excuses line up with what the report says.
Maybe unless you are firmly seated on the toilet
Peanut butter jelly time
Happens in Vancouver all the time. The junkies have bolt cutters and angle grinders that they've stolen from trucks and hardware stores.
I also dislike that you can catch the Pokemon that are supposed to require stones to evolve (the Eevees) but I'll still happily play Pokemon
I'm predicting an ending like Jet Li's *Hero*, where Layton gets in a position to get what he wants but realizes it's not for the good of the train and gives it up.
