Just use the 407 data and sign everyone up.
Curious if the Friendly Stranger is getting all their product from LP or from somewhere else.
It is just them trying to skirt liability when something gets stolen.
Has anyone bought 2 tickets so they can park in 2 spots?
So 2 games?
The wife also interfered with a ball in play.
They charter a plane for these types of trips.
Remember the size of those boxes?
What about the wife that stood up to smack the ball away?
More anti ford than pro liberal.
What business? They are gone like a fart in the wind.
Didn't they give Martin one as a wedding present.
What about the wife going for the ball?
Gonna ring a few necks?
They want the technology transfer. The US wont teach them but the Russians agreed to.
Needs to be printed and have him sign it.
Use the measure tool on Google maps to verify.
Where did you work?
Dont forget spaghetti.
Can we see what is on the other pages?
Toronto schindlers list.
For each service.
Just wondering which one you ended up buying and worked out for you.
Thunder run used to have the gum wall.
Vince will try to give him a batman riddler gimmick.
/u/ADHDcUK kind of forgot about the violence and sex in the series.
DLC is getting weird.
Imagine this scene but with Jaime killing Cersei as well.
Will D&amp;D submit his episode for an emmy? [No.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6qSAncsuO8&amp;t=1m48s)
So you want a body shop.
I guess we will find out soon enough.
You should have filmed them.
Not sure if this is your graph but can you plot the big 4 ppvs.
Looks like jorah from GOT.
Booker T pulling out the scott hall portrait is pretty funny.
It was North Korea. There is no such thing as a free democracy there.
I have a 100 trillion dollar Zimbabwe bank note.
Any news on the s-300 system?
Is it a strategy if no one is wearing clean clothes?
$75 the first year....
What is the shame?
When they got promoted every year instead of being held back like they should have been.
No one is going to buy a system when they cant even test in an actual war.
Toronto will always be a Hogan town. When Nitro had their first show in toronto in 2000 he got the second loudest pop after Bret.
Trump is still around 40%.
Can't wait for his next mixtape.
Who was the mpp?
They will release an iOS update which cripples older phone so they can buy the new one.
The other players are gonna be minimum?
Kawhi is gonna hit up the Brass Rail when get back to Toronto.
No giant jesus?
What did your MPP say when you called them up.
Because there is no corruption now or it will get even more corrupted.
Thanks postmedia.
$200,000+ to raise a kid in a small town? Who was the douche managing the estate. That is over $2k a month. This screams fake.
Anyone start yelling ECW?
&gt; I figured that over the past seven years they probably stole or misappropriated more than two hundred thousand dollars of my parents' money, to say nothing of the state money they misused. I think they more than shared the wealth.
For workgroups.
I thought they would be watching porn on satellite tv.
Because there is not really such a thing a probationary time at work. If they want to fire you they will. Probation is something that the company makes up. There is no law to protect your job.
Is there a closer dealer for the same make. You don't need to take it where you bought it from.
Turkey doesn't care.
Yes because you gave yourself permission. Look it up just for further proof of the law.
How does this work in winter?
How to beat the 407.
There is something we are missing. You would have to find all the different briefings to find out the accurate data as we know they have cut funding.
Episodes every 6 months, remember that.
How come the image is flipped?
Old city hall should be on the right side of the pic.
It's like telling someone to relax. They won't relax after that.
https://www.aerotime.aero/yulius.yoma/18542-history-hour-aloha-airlines-flight-243-incident This is from 30 years ago and the plane still landed. The plane was designed in the 60's.
Pay off all the debt is just a few more steps above.
D&amp;D to berate them about GoT.
Then why is a PC MPP spending $55k if $5k is good enough. https://kitchener.ctvnews.ca/local-mpp-admits-changes-to-autism-funding-will-affect-her-family-1.4350619
Congrats on graduating. Any other questions?
&gt; Matias Balmaceda, the owner of the restaurant, said his small patio has been operating without a permit since before he was owner End of article right here.
Won't everyone be on vacation because there will be no sessions until November?
The relief line would have used the same rolling stock as the rest of the network. This new line will not.
The subways we currently have will not fit on this Ontario line. It will be an entire new designed. From what I have read they will be closer to what the Scarborough RT has if anything.
And he still has a 40% approval rating.
Kinga for finance.
Fedeli didn't do anything wrong, he was just following orders. Edit. My point being nothing will change with a shuffle. It will be the same policies no matter what.
Can I go now?
Not one job will be lost. -Ford.
Is Ottawa's system up and running yet?
Protecting workers from being replaced with low wage workers... is that a bad thing?
To do what?
MMMbop by Hanson.
Liberals must be happy. If these Ford votes pull away from the PC candidate the Liberal nominee with have an easy win.
It will be funny if the PC's call her out trying to get elected on the Ford name alone even though that has been their entire campaign with Rob, Doug and now Mikey.
Just dont get attacked by the elephants
Shane's 20 minute promo never gets a commercial break....
That's worse than shitting on the local towns sports team.
The toronto sun.
Is he a 90's FOX NHL puck?
The discrimination law probably deals with people getting denied stuff that everyone else can have access to. I don't think it would apply to free things.
When will you be able to afford the rest of the parts?
The point is that they will hire locals for a good salary then if they cant get these experts externally.
This is a new change from only a few years ago.
It is a perfectly cromulent word.
The camera does add 10 pounds and he probably had about 4-5 on him.
Waiting for Rouhani to say that he fucked trumps mom as well.
20 Stanley nickels.
It was hard before and it just became a lot harder.
Trump is going to nuke Iran now, isnt he?
Sounds like the early days of SNL.
We don't know the full story. Maybe the kid was biking fast enough to get on the street without the truck realizing they were about to hit them.
https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/c5jclp/dont_turn_off_the_computerhe_turned_off_the_compu/
One stop shopping.... idk....
Here you go. https://www.torstar.com/html/investor-relations/Annual_Filings/Annual_Report/index.cfm
Nintendo realised that they should stick to the hand held market.
By calling everyone pussies he was going to win no matter what. If the plane crashed and everyone died no one get the chance to call him out on his comment.
You would think his insurance policy/contract would forbid him from doing dangerous stuff.
https://www.cbc.ca/archives/ontario-doug-ford-politics-archives-1.4822358 The video of the late Chris Stockwell saying 20 years ago that Doug and Doug were buying nomination votes.
He will be on June 30, 6pm. But I think they will let this slide for now.
Folks we need to stay on topic and talk about rampart.
41?
Anyone else know what the douche was trying to point at?
FFVIII
A lot of people voted with the lives about 74 years ago to say it was not acceptable.
I like the video pretending to take a drink from his breathalyzer test.
21 seconds for this reply. Bobby B I think you are drinking too much. Your response time is getting worse.
But in Toronto we have to pay based on bin size. I wouldn't be surprised if people pay for a small bin but get the free extra large blue bin. Put all your garbage in the blue bin and top it off with recycling at the end of the week. Once the inspector comes by twice a year he won't notice all the garbage.
housesigma.com create a free account
It has ottawa data as well. not sure how great it is though.
The old its ok if my team does it but the other team is not allowed.
How far is this from the front lines?
So unless they have a sleeper cell nearby this base is safe.
Hope your company gets banned from reddit.
Link me to the original post. Gotta read over the rules.
Their boss doesn't even drink.
You could say whatever you want but there was an editor first that cut out all the garbage.
By nerfing air bnb there will be more apartments to rent and therefore prices will go down.
You had me in the first half not gonna lie.
Only bullshit is allowed.
Remember that tear gas is a chemical weapon and banned by the Geneva conventions.
They would probably ask for asylum.
For any ex mormons here how many people did you actually convert during you mission?
Mackenzie house toronto is said to be haunted. That wiki list is quite lacking.
Bob Wire has most titles than vacant.
Gonna need an AMA with this dude. We know you post here.
With the European tv title R truth will hit 5000 in one year.
Minstery of tears, amirite?
Get captured?
Nurse a hangover?
$400 a day max. Peanuts.
Think they are thinking murders per capita. We may keep the same rate but if population goes up they actual number will always increase.
Need numbers. Non American here.
1 bandaid and junior advil.
That's the lochness monster.
You should try opening your eyes then.
I'm sure the portability is supposed to be within Canada and not international.
Lots of lawyers have like free 30 minute consults. Look up upper canada society bar... something like that and they will put you in touch for employment lawyers.
Reminds me of when they started building condos near the humber bay bridge 15+ years ago. Built one and everyone had a view. Then they built another one right in front of it. Oh Well.
3 in Etobicoke.
Yes. In the article it shows his desk and him buying wwe tickets.
Norwalk is highly contagious but even if the kid was infected it would take longer than the flight time to show symptoms.
Start setting up recruitment booths at trump's rallies.
Take a vacation to Spain.
Something about an elliptical orbit?
Talk to the landlord and if he doesn't budge bring it to the LTB.
How long does it take to get back results?
How does the lunar landing party work at NPS? Just listen to it live?
Just gotta find all his horcruxes first.
Bilking. Lol. Toronto pays more in provincial taxes than it gets back. Just because we have density it doesn't mean we have to raise our taxes.
It's every 4 years but the value does go up every year. Question for you, what is the total population of your town and what was their operating budget for this year to see what everyone is paying.
Was I that loud?
What does your employment contract say?
What entitlements?
The school gets less funding and nothing should be different for you. Big whoop.
Sign it and get a cam for your room.
Are you getting back pay for all the missed payments?
Exactly. That is what most should be striving for first instead of wondering if I could recycle it instead.
behind the lobby fake plant.
Her lawyer must have sucked though. Instead of splitting stuff 50/50 this is how she then owns the entire tool collection.
It is known.
Stop settling them in Toronto.
All of them. Health card only works in ontario. Phone your credit card company for travel insurance.
Easier to stomach when the camera is far away from the action and not like you are standing beside the action.
not average household but by per capita. So 3 people live in a house hold per average so they are paying about 2075 per person. So less.
No I dont unless someone can show my math is wrong.
Tax rate fluctuates year to year based on valuations of property. The city figures out how much money it needs and based on overall valuation of properties they get the tax rate.
Still a lot of rain if the ground is somewhat frozen.
It's how they get away with saying your property tax isn't increasing much but raising garbage bin rates again this year.
Yup. Watched a doc on the history channel about this when it wasn't just pawn stars. Panzer was over engineered. The allies needed 4 Sherman's to tank out one panzer in a fight in this doc. And even during the building/design of Sherman's from the first unit to the last they were altering the design on the fly to fix any defects and improve things.
3 hour max for any free parking on side streets.
Write to your MP.
Someone posted a pic a while back or just broken tanks that they salvage for parts or try to rebuild.
The radar base targeted the plane and hit fire.
How much to make this comment go away?
Watch cp24 and pick one then.
Break its legs!
Game of thrones.
If this is from 1917 why isnt the entire area just muck and craters?
So essentially 25 days rest for troops and build defensive lines until they start pushing again?
Usually rental cars ask who the drivers are going to be.
The joke about Trudeau always apologizing for things. Harper apologized for this event when he was PM.
At least use a pic of actual pickering...
Something is better than nothing.
Illegal.
Where can I get these big tacos?
Why do people even call it ride sharing? It's not like the driver is going to somewhere specific and sharing the ride with someone.
https://old.reddit.com/r/canada/search?q=Pay+catholic+schools&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all
This will surely backfire on them with all the closure of the windmills. Everyone now probably loves green energy over these plants. Fuck the bats. /s
1. Hafez and ? 2. Gaddafi and Kim/Osama 3. ? and Saddam. Really????
It's about the $$$.
Transit to the station is up to the local municipality.
Probably a DUI.
Just spray some flexseal on it.
Let the dorito burn you first before the radiation
Or they don't want to pay for space for people to sit down for hours. Get a coffee and go.
Why is the quality so low?
I actually meant that Toronto would welcome job growth outside of Toronto. Too many people commuting into Toronto already. Need to ease congestion.
Split the con vote. It's been a while since the right had more than one party.
Toronto fire said it is possibly sewage.
/r/Instagramreality
Paying them off?
Just need to find a spot.... like that will be easy.
I bought tickets for the show and 400 level area had tickets for $130.... Maybe those were resale already.
Pay to play at the end of the day. It sucks.
As did his father with Doug's help back in the late 90s
Then why did he drive on the shoulder? Someone is lying
&gt; Just have the camera guy cut away when he starts taking his pants off Charge extra at that point for space mountain. Wooooo!
Min wage is $14/hr. This would only work if the sitter watched a few kids up to a max of 6. But then you would need receipts...
Good thing the media companies are not the same companies that need to buy 5G gear.
That has to be him, right?
Not even liability?
They should have left out the observation point observing the SAA.
Good chunk of them have mental illness.
Ford said the unions are primarily concerned about wages, not the proposed changes that would affect learning inside the classroom. What a crock of shit.
Why doesnt the province just say we will accept all the demands from the union if they accept 1%. It goes both ways.
Call up dinesafe and get them inspected.
Call up your MPP and ask this question.
Everyone else.
Get a real lawyer.
Another outer U and then we should have world class transit.
Would you rather have less qualified people teaching then? What if we reduced the education level for teachers. Right now they need 6 years of post secondary. I assume you must believe that every household has 6 years of post secondary as you are trying to compare wages. Ontario currently has one of the best education systems in the world. Do you think we could sustain that level if we start jamming more kids into the classroom and the kids hopefully learning online by themselves. You keep on parroting about wages but there is more to this strike than just wages.
No need to dump extra people on that line. Already packed. They can connect it after the relief line is built.
I would if I had the chance. Easier to cross the mediterranean than all of eastern europe.
Dell support music.
Saw this today. Guess the mods nuked that one and will probably do the same here.
How did the bombs miss him?
Or in jail.
Where did all the old Portuguese retirees go?
It's a 6 month lease. Keep paying for the remainder of the 3 months and give him notice. Sounds like they are trying to shaft you.
Double check the rules but if you find someone to take over the lease and the landlord doesn't accept it you are free from the lease in the end. The new person doesn't have to sign a new lease. https://stepstojustice.ca/steps/housing-law/assign-new-tenant
Send him McDonald's every day.
One sentence paragraphs? You mean some postmedia staffer wrote it. No one in the real world writes like that unless they work for postmedia.
Winchester
What is the education level of ontario private sector? Edit. Also do you really want the person making 45k teaching your kids?
They probably have someone on staff that's full time job is to do this.
Forgot the ted Roger's statue outside.
You mean when Trudeau even went on vacation this last christmas.
Maybe tory should remove community housing as that will free up a lot of money. Other cities have pay into a system like this, right?
Usually it's ROI for return on investment.
Why do you need to re-sign a new lease? Usually they go month to month after the initial term is done.
Is this on campus housing or just a private landlord?
I may be wrong but why isn't that tree protected with a temporary fence?
Hopefully they bring back Garth Drabinsky to run it again :P
free account on house sigma and you can see historical selling prices as well.
That's like saying I pay corporate taxes because I bought a TV at bestbuy.
Since this is a short cruise it should be back for the weekend to go back to its regular itinerary.
Aren't pretty much all high schools closed today?
Add Janeway subtitles to the risitas video.
Who?
How many did we just lose in Australia?
Then you would complain about the teachers bringing politics into the classroom.
There goes the rest of the 905 vote.
Thats like saying we don't even know how many 18+ citizens supported Ford back in 2018 because they didn't all vote. It's probably a vocal few pushing an agenda and most people been taken for a ride.
It wasn't improvised, it was rehearsed. Jericho tries to catch it with his left. [Here is this comment from that thread.](https://old.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/comments/bg25m4/wrestling_101_dont_drop_a_beer_stone_cold_throws/elj1xe1/)
Yeah it was shot before raw and on ppv nights it was the pre show essentially.
$1.74 per hour. Where do I sign up?
The first bottle that landed survived.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAYMk98IQ5E The old listing. https://housesigma.com/web/en/house/02Zpj39JWMgYDrK8/185-Edenbridge-Dr-Etobicoke-M9A3G7-W4602689
He also said no jobs would be lost.
Approved? They weren't just running afoul of the city rules like every other jurisdiction they operate in already?
Those are masks....
Paid vacation, as is tradition.
Long term prospects are not good then because that's why these sugar daddies like uni girls. He gets older and they stay the same age.
In toronto the electorate sizes are pretty much the same now.
True. But they could have asked a few questions and then had different graphs depending on what catagorey you want to look at. Are you a parent? 18+ Taxpayer.
OP dont show your girlfriend this thread.
5% of the GDP right there.
The question is has someone appeared on AEW first and then went to WWE.
Dead people are efficiencies.
No one ever lies.....
But why so thick?
That would be a huge gain if this is true. Guessing they pushed north on the M5. Guessing the farm/village lands to the east will flee relatively soon so they don't get trapped.
Just don't turn on cp24. Not many people have a choice to take public transit.
ISIS knew they could never win a conventional war against Israel.
Mike from Canmore.
Guessing this was everyone near the dude on the plane.
Good thing Doug Ford removed paid sick days.
That's just a mentally ill man.
So start your own restaurant if you think the market is missing something.
Find me the final polls not 2 weeks out from election date.
Wow. I thought it would take at least a week once it was mostly surrounded like KS.
As /r/roadcam would say... cammers fault.
Maybe. Tony has a foot fetish though. Could be someone else.
UK are stupid for allowing this.
Why should canada support a company that stole from nortel?
This dude has an opinion on every single subject. When did he become an expert on pretty much every single issue.
The scary part looking at their post history was them saying they have a 96 average in HS and they were looking at applying for top business schools in ontario. They can barely string together a sentence.
Would you mind sharing the model?
Cheers!
Easier to hide. More prone to ambush. Sometimes there is only a few points into an area because of the terrain.
I declare bankruptcy!
Town north of Khan Sibel on M5.
Really? Lol
Still dont understand the point you are trying to make..
If it's a public company wait until financial come out and it may be in there.
One day you will get us with these gotcha questions.
Why not advocate for nurses and the military to paid more.
I know who john cena is but I dont see him in the clip.
How does Getty images own the rights to this photo?
99.9% sure the teachers would agree to 1% if the government agreed to everything else.
He fired the ones that didn't return after they passed a law. He didn't just fire them because they went on strike.
What does the tag say?
They would be as useless as the other ones. Also it would be a little dangerous to be operating so close to the front due to the fog of war.
Guess the rest of ontario should pay more taxes then if they want to expand the highway outside of the GTA. /s but not really
The one thing I would want if anything for the works is them to get a few buses to drive everyone around and pay for their hotels. Kind of weird that they have to get their own rental cars and then drive 6 hours to the next stop after they have just wrestled a match. Get some nice comfy tour buses so they can relax. Ride-along just exposed how shitty it is to do this to their superstars.
Everything east of m5 will be captured very quickly.
12.5% over asking.
craigslist?
50% off sale today.
More psychologists for assessments as it takes a long time for kids to get officially assessed to go on a plan is a start.
If they have an IEP they have been assessed. As for your other questions who knows for sure.
What is your question?
Press conference for 2:30 pm EST
Those dividends dont pay for themselves.
This is why people need poop knives.
It's odd because it is the same technology. It is all 1's and 0's.
Mexico is taking Alaska?
She protected her hands from getting covid until she touches the cash.... If they want to use gloves they need to do it like Subway does. New gloves all the time at the very least.
Probably more busy with more bikes coming in. Wants to make his time more worthwhile.
I know a Slovenian that can do it for $20.
Remember how those people were defeated?
Just gotta find a dude with a mullet next.
The grass has never looked better though.
That is a reason why they say to rinse brown rice first.
My kid saw their teacher.
[Gotta cover your bases.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnsyQh0FfoM)
Once again postmedia are the attack dogs for the PC party. How about the government figuring out the best solution to getting everyone online first before complaining about how it should be better. Do all students have the appropriate devices to go online? Do even teachers have the same equipment as well?
Are these your adidas UBs?
How many AA batteries do i need?
He probably wanted 12 thinking he could finish the books before the end.
So during a civil war like Syria right now the geneva conventions dont apply because it is not between 2 sovereign states?
For 80% of the pay.
Yeah but are they all Navy Seals, Doctors and Astronauts as well?
I think they were refering to more people catching covid.
Theseus Chromebook.
Medically? They didn't have a uniform to fit him anymore because his gains were so big?
How many hours is this after the initial landing?
Yes but they still need to serve them the appropriate LTB and still go to a hearing.
None of those bricks are at a diagonal... Amateurs....
You can teach budgies a few words.
Romney should caucus with the dems then.
HA. thought the same thing. Gotta remember to remove my license plate frame before I leave. I kid, I kid, but people will do it.
Why does he care? I thought it was fake news to him anyway.
What were your marks at march break?
Used to buy them at johnvince
Why not send an email to the company to see who sells it locally?
Knibb high football rules!
It's the contact tracing. Figure out who is infected and get the names/numbers of all the people that they have been around. Get those people to quarantine and test them ASAP.
My bad. Was confusing it with SARS. But I think the humidity factor still stands when dealing with these viruses.
Can we open the Eg West to Black creek portion then?
Any slack for the union Station reno?
OP, what you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
Not very instant...
How expensive are they?
Where do you work?
I thought the same thing initially until Doug said he shot it in his mom's home. His grandmother literally raised him.
Also proper education.
new phone. who dis?
Daily Mail is on the same level of the Toronto Sun.
I thought orange is the new black.
Yes but not on the sidebar. Rules Summary Submissions must be specific or relevant to Toronto. This is the core tenet of this sub. You can see why this may be confusing to people.
Maybe everyone should repost everything trump says. Will they ban everyone?
Looks like what happened to Enzo.
24th Century technology.
Anyone know what is the lag time from test taken and getting results?
Listings year over year?
The science of trying to grow the debt anymore for the country.
Do they have street view on their map for toronto now?
Put it on the curb the night before garbage day. Scrappers will come by and grab it.
So a quick beta test for next school year.
You mean the toronto sun?
I have no problem bringing in TFW but they need to pay them at least 100k. I think the problem will sort itself out.
Thats the thing all these circles will eventually overlap.
Do console people not spend $1300 on a low powered mac book air?
The unis will have to ask their provinces/students for more money or make some cuts.
When does the 50 year contract expire?
Found the french pdf because the english one wasn't uploaded yet, hah.
Good thing those people don't work in Toronto....
[Who cares about Toronto restrictions when we can just travel to Barrie...](https://torontosun.com/opinion/columnists/lilley-road-trip-to-freedom-in-barrie) Who wrote and actually did that???? Oh wait Brian Lilley.
Michael lives in his now deceased grandmas home. Doug went their to film his cheesecake video.
They would have been more prepared if they didn't get rid of the team that was put in place for a pandemic....
Curious what percentage of drivers actually claim their income. Does anyone have statistics on this?
Just wait until he opens the spot for the memory expansion and finds something inside that.
Start from scratch for pay as well?
You got 5 people. Rent a uhaul truck and do it yourself.
If it's good enough for Trump it should be good enough for everyone....
It will be closed for at least until the new year. This is no end in sight for the US.
https://www.ertyu.org/steven_nikkel/cancellsites.html I believe you are correct. They share antennas as well.
Chinese is complaining about non-native species getting into their ecosystem. HA!
Loan to an international student than can just leave their loan behind? Good luck.
Dont forget the snakehead fish.
Can't reopen if you never closed in the first place. /taps head.
Guess this works if commute times are short.
Heard there is a DDoS going around. Maybe a CC processor is getting hit as well.
We get pictures of skylines instead. Want to trade?
You think his hands would be larger with all the tweeting he does.
But can't just WWE release him whenever they want?
I have yet to see a cheque.
Insurance has to make money at the end of the day. They are not going to give out a policy so you will use more than you pay.
Are those group policies or individual private policies? Because with a group the cost is shared amongst everyone. The 25 year old is probably using nothing while the 50+ is using more.
The third eye trick.
power supply is built in I assume. The xbox will release something smaller but always leave the power supply out of the picture for comparison reasons....
Also Doug said if you want an LRT you will get one until he flip flopped.
~~blue jay~~ no wait a robin
Mad Max was a documentary about the Trans Canada Highway.
Referring to the Windsor Bump. Toronto just has density issues.
How about mandate everyone wear masks from now until when school starts and we can probably nip this in the butt.
Lecce is going to be buying new laptops for all the teachers?
How do we know what was in the water bottle. We can both be 99.999% sure it was just water but do you think the company will take that chance?
Then he can blame the boards for not doing enough. That is their plan.
Just change the name plate to the guy from Smash Mouth.
Both are relevant issues.
like ford has never lied in the past....
My interpretation is to wear a mask now so we can stop this so you can hug during christmas.
They are going to kill the entire 60+ demo
/r/anormaldayinrussia
Yes.
How do you collect the pollen?
The next saudi match with carlito will change his mknd.
Tax sale happening soon?
Ask lecce.
Landscape and portrait in one.
There is no selection... whoever is the first/top mod gets to decide everything.
Because its a provincial thing.
The Kevin Dunn school of directing.
Chicken fingers are cheap though.
Will getting smashed after a day of work with your buddies cease to exist?
I see 32 on the ontario report.
well done steaks with ketchup..... cant believe bbq south voted for this guy....
Dollar store tests are just fine. If you want sign up for maple health so they can at least get you started if you need anything.
Makes sense. Wish more people would include which part of Ontario they are in with anecdotal advice. Gives you a better perspective.
So you have nothing to back up your asinine comment?
So you had to google it afterwards to back it up and you brought up a US link? I thought we were talking about Ontario statistics here?
Where does the story end in ff7 remake?
What a snowflake
Or you just take someone elses and its free as well.
So take us down with them, no?
Also never swim after it has rained for a day or 2.
Looks like the mods added it GJ.
;)
Canada can bring the coffee and donuts.
It's 2020. We don't judge anymore.
I don't remember this episode of Star Trek.
Does the city have to pay anything? If not go for it.
Are they going back to the working liberal plates?
Ignore it until its on your report and then dispute it.
I think someone is impersonating Lilley.
Then tell people to wear masks.
Gypsy. Sent a pic to Toronto forestry and they said meh.
TLDR. I got caught speeding after speeding for a number of years.
We saw coyotes today but no bear.
Only certain wards i think as a pilot
They dont. Give the ticket to the plate owner.
Probably just migrate all the time.
Thats how all red light tickets work.
My order from china has been stuck in Vancouver for almost 20 days now. Think its stuck at canada post...
Larger police budget. Thats it.
Leave the trailer and let a Canadian driver drive it the rest of the way.
But when they catch a dude doing something else they charge them with 30 other things plus a weed charge and then plea bargain just for the easy weed charge. "Dropped the ball"
Can't vote for Trump if you are dead.
These split plans will only work if now parents can also take time off as well.
I thought it was going to say out of order.
311 can probably also find the correct number.
And then people wonder why we aren't reopening society.....
I almost forgot about the show until this post popped up into my feed.
Depends who wins in November. If Biden wins it will be sooner than if Trump wins.
What percentage is that?
Can Marine One reach the New York border from DC?
i know this is only an LRT but it will better served for Toronto than the Spadina extension
Chyna on her own.
Velocity=distance/time. Grade 12 physics.
European handball?
DQ for hitting the temple?
Ouch.
Bad data today because Toronto has -4
Why does Toronto have -4. They need to fix that. Edit. Removed duplicates it seems. https://old.reddit.com/r/ontario/comments/hi0lmz/257_new_covid19_cases_7_deaths/fwdb2v6/
Hah.
Split the left vote again. Worked well last time.
So education is key to use them properly?
Karygiannis... no wait a second...
Should have went with 8K cams to future proof
"Go on Vacation and enjoy it!"
Optics.
We are far from close to totalitarian government.
