Awesome!
Friended, let me know when Gates open :)
I can, if you want to come over
Would love to get this for my fiance. Their my name in here to give it to him! He loves his Pokemon Go!
This looks great, thanks!
Both of these seem right to my alley, thank you!
Oh wow! Looks great! Thank you.
I've been meaning to check out GL, so I'll look into it. I have seen Parasyte and enjoyed it!
I do like sci fi as well, so I might give it a shot.
I wish I was more into sports anime, but it just doesn't hold me. Thank you though.
When I'm interested in horror, I love TG, but not for this style I'm looking for.
Yes! Adding you and opening
If you want in, let me know again. Closed my gate
Sure! Adding you and opening!
Open!
Linked my RMM in the post, if you could leave me a rating I would really appreciate it. Thank you!
Adding you and I'll open Gates. Give me a moment.
Adding you and opening Gates :)
Open!
Open!
Did you still want to come over?
Sure! Adding you and then I'll open
Open!
Could I come over?
Rock on, omw
Also funded your museum renovation! Enjoy! If you could leave me a rating, is appreciate it, [RMM Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/RateMyMayor/comments/9lbxg5/digitalcitizen0912/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link)
Made an easy path to get to ReTail for turnip selling! 5/5 [PROOF](https://www.reddit.com/r/acturnips/comments/a2ww8u/reese_buying_for_619_bells/eb1w2gw/)
Adding you and then opening, give me a few minutes
Adding you and then opening, give me a few minutes
Open!
Open!
Sure! Give me a few minutes while someone is visiting. I'll let you know when you can come over
Yes! I'm going to add you and then I'll let you know when I'm open
Open!
Open!
Yw! I hope you like what you got!
Absolutely, give me a few minutes to get ready
Open!
Adding you and will open in a moment
Open!
Sure! You'll be number 2, after Hana. I'll let you know when it's open for you. Give me a few minutes
Open!
Please leave a rating on RMM if you can, thanks so much! [LINK HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/RateMyMayor/comments/9lbxg5/digitalcitizen0912/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link)
Yes! You're the final one! I'll add you and let you know when I open in a moment
Open!
Sorry connection went weird, open again
Please leave a rating on RMM if you can, thanks so much! [LINK HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/RateMyMayor/comments/9lbxg5/digitalcitizen0912/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link)
[HERE is my RMM](https://www.reddit.com/r/RateMyMayor/comments/9lbxg5/digitalcitizen0912/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link) Could I come over to sell?
Sister thing was REALLY WEIRD... Then everything else was awesome. Great recommendation
Just finished the first season of Noragami... It is EXACTLY what I was looking for. It gives me feels, AND gets me stoked with Yato's AWESOME sword fighting. Rock. On.
If you haven't watch Noragami, I was recommended it from this post and it is EXACTLY what I wanted. I highly recommend it if you did the stuff I do.
This is SO AWESOME! Wow! Now I'm inspired to try and make one with the different houses. Hmmmm...
I always refused when someone recommended me taking my Xanax daily. I took it for anxiety attacks, which I found I only really had because my job was so damn stressful! Changed where I worked. So much better. Also, Now my doc gave my Lorazepam (generic Ativan) for an anxiety attacks, because Xanax is apparently super addictive. Happy to say I've only taken it recently to help me through a root canal, not to get through my day! Rock on for finding a happier you.
If I can, I would love to come over!
Can I come by?
I came in and left before that! Thanks for letting me in!
I definitely am! Sadly someone contacted me really early in the morning, but I want asleep :( Sometimes people here will be more responsive. Also, usually a buddy I can just keep on my list to hang with :)
I do! I'll add you. Let me know when your open :)
Omw!
Awesome! Adding you now
If you wouldn't mind giving me a [RMM rating here](https://www.reddit.com/r/RateMyMayor/comments/9lbxg5/digitalcitizen0912/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link), I would appreciate it
I did! Got myself a scooter!
I'm actually totally good and heading to bed. Thanks for the offer though!
No prob!
[5/5](https://www.reddit.com/r/ACTrade/comments/a5olzm/lf_petition_signatures_ft_sloppy_tv/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link). Let me come over and get signatures without any hassle. It's nice to be trusted in a town!
I'm here! Can I come by?
You're a life saver, thank you :)
Would love to come buy! I also have a petition for a villager, if I could run around and talk to your villagers for help?
Would you mind leaving me a [RMM rating](https://www.reddit.com/r/RateMyMayor/comments/9lbxg5/digitalcitizen0912/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link)? Trying to raise mine up!
I put "space", like outer space. Now they taste of space. I feel like Stardew got real philosophical all of a sudden.
That is so adorable! My fiance proposed last Christmas. No shell necklace. #NoDewMan... Am I right?
I just thought the same thing. Garbage? Heck, that's Sam gifts!
Pretty happy as a teacher that my Delta Dental got my root canal for $450. Not happy about the root canal, obviously.
I was waiting outside to go into our last rally, and one of my Freshmen came up and just hugged me. Poor girl was in tears. She gave me one of those big, long, full on hugs. I'd never seen her get upset! She eventually left with her friends into the gym. I didn't find out exactly what was wrong, but I'm glad I could just be there to give her a hug! It's really odd, because I don't feel like I'm the "hugging" teacher. I can be pretty blunt and no-nonsense, but I guess some kiddos just dig it
"There are times to lie, this is not one of them."
Wooden palletts being tossed with bargain bin cloth stapled around... I'd collect leaves to hang, or use a bunch of cardboard, rip it up, and spray paint it. Cardboard is my friend
Inquiry Based Learning is still big. The term is similar to Project Based Leaning. Depends on your district and their buzz word. I would honestly check school websites and see what term they are using. Actually, just check school websites in your area! Whatever the latest craze is should be plastered somewhere in the principal's note, or in their social media, or in messages to parents.
Oh my gosh! In college I lost my voice for a couple weeks and I was a Theatre major, focus in acting. My teachers were totally in whether I should come to class. Like, you can learn from watching others, but I couldn't participate in anything!
I switched away from half credit, but I might go back. It's been awful to keep up with grading with late assignments. I tried going away from it, but it's honestly a management thing for me. If classes weren't so massive, maybe I could ease up.
I carried the plug with me. My teachers were nice enough to let me plug in
World History. Your walk in and the entire board was covered with notes. Sit down. Lecture. All. Class. I try to never lecture. It bored me to death.
My homework is finishing classwork. The kids who complain in my class are the ones who don't use class time well. During reading a novel I do assign some pages to be read at home. I think it is important to get students to practice reading alone, without school distractions. I try to only assign 10-15 minutes worth. I do miss working at not a title 1, simply because we could focus on seminars and not reading in class, but it's just a different environment.
I played 1&amp;2 without playing sky and loved it. There was just an epilogue in 2 that was confusing, so I looked up info online. Is say just look up story videos on YouTube about the Sky games. You'll be all caught up!
That. Is. Priceless.
Thank you for being a SpEd teacher who appreciates this! I am more than happy to accommodate, but not too completely flout a rule.
I also have a senior who, unfortunately, got a concussion early in the semester. She was given a brief reprieve from any work. That's fine. She wasn't given a semester long reprieve. Girl hasn't been doing her work and now, 4 days before the end of the year, someone wants to meet. I gave a ridiculous amount of warnings. No. I'm not meeting. I have a ton of grading and I need to pack my room. I don't have the time to meet with a senior who thought she could get away with the bare minimum.
I feel you! I have a parent trying to contact be about their failing child. The girl was warned many times and continued to turn in half completed work. She didn't do the extra credit I assigned either. She didn't meet a very important deadline for the final and, since she was in the edge, she fell off! I straight up emailed back and said I don't have time to meet. I have 150+ other students with papers and assignments to grade. We have 4 days. I'm stacked! Wish you'd cared to meet before!
I think it's just not common because we aren't chasing down children, so we shouldn't need them. What do you put in an apron?
This year I need to pack it all up because I'm moving classrooms. Ugh! No time!
Right?! I'm like, um, you can't pick and choose when you have an issue!
Absolutely! Every year there are a few kids that complain about every piece of lengthy work, and then tell me this was "the best class" at the end of the year. Always important to remember all year that you are the credentialed teacher and eventually the students recognize that.
Do what it's right for you! I've taught at new schools every year due to budget cuts EVERY YEAR! It's crazy, but it's the time we live in. I've never experienced an interview thinking it was odd. Remember that all kids deserve good teachers and you don't have any "dues" you have to give to your current school. Push comes to shove with funds and you are a number on a sheet. I'm not trying to sound callous, but the guys up top look at the business of the school, not the heart. Your heart will serve you wherever you go. Do what works for you!
I agree with the first option. You're being honest. She does need a new environment!
This is how it should be everywhere. It would definitely be a breather for staff!
Been there! They get back from Spring Break and are like, "Let's just watch a movie."
Jeez!
Lol, okay, you got me, that has totally happened, BUT they at least bring the pass back and say, "Oh, I'm sorry." I've had to make new passes! They're like, I don't know, throwing them away.
Ha! Oh yes, you ruined the summer. I'm sure that kid's report card would have ruined it as well.
Absolutely! I'm not sure what I prefer teaching.
I would SO prefer this. Don't want to be here? Just ditch for three days. Like, that's fine.
I imagine your halls just have screaming children... The walls bleeding... Horror movie stuff
That is AMAZING
Dang! I had a kid have their phone stolen. So sad!
Written report that goes in your school record. At my school you also get a site security to take you to the office.
Yes! I'm like, you can't say I didn't warn you. I'm also an elective teacher, so I could see these Freshmen easily next year or the year after. Lord knows they'll need to make up the credits and I may be the only option. I like to make sure little don't-give-a-what "Lisa" had a paper trail from the previous year that shows a pattern of behavior issues that I've ALREADY tried to handle.
We just got our tentative assignments with a finals week left. Can't wait to hear the stories of frustrated teachers.
Currently teaching 10th and 12th English, as well as Drama (all ages). I've taught all levels/grades of HS English. I enjoy 11th grade the most. They are the most motivated because they are applying to colleges. They WANT to read and write better! I do enjoy 9th because of the crazy energy and silliness. They are still middle schoolers. At first they are bright eyed and bushy tailed, then they can get sassy, and finally they become little ducklings following you around. So. Adorable. 10th and 12th both have sass. 10th think they know it all because they survived Freshman year. 12th think they know it all because it is their last year. 9th/10th need more rules. They just don't understand how to regulate their learning time, so you need to teach them. 11th and 12th need to be pushed to discuss controversial ideas. They are worried about doing it, no matter what front they put up. Don't give them the choice of discussing or writing about it, make it an assignment. They are going to be voting soon, so you NEED to have them think about controversial issues that will affect then as citizens and tax payers. Don't take what 9th and 10th graders say personally. They are finding their identity. They will get mad at you one day and love you the next. Always welcome then back in your room with open arms, yes, even the kid who called you a "Dumb A$$ B!+¢π". Some of your older students might have parents that are threatening to kick them out at 18. Do your best to give opportunities for kids to share their excitement/frustrations with the week. It could open up your eyes.
Plus, teachers could get the senior grades done. If a kid is failing and is close to passing, they have a week to come in and meet with that teacher and get their stuff together to graduate. Win-win
Good! It's always great to try. I'm glad you're putting yourself out there!
Not all admin does this, no. I'm sorry you're experiencing this. I'm lucky to have admin that are on it until the end.
Great advice! Even as you're in your career, don't judge the entire profession on ONE school. I've worked at 7 different schools. They are ALL different in style, atmosphere, support, and community. I think I've discovered what I like and dislike, but sometimes I question that too. Rich parents are always in your business and questioning you, but can also be crazy supportive with funding. Poor parents never answer your calls, but tend to have kids that have learned to be more independent earlier on. One thing I do know is that admin makes A HUGE difference. If you don't have support from admin or department leads, try to find a new place. You WILL find it!
I had to get my salary at the right spot a few months into the year. HR had a personnel change and my paperwork was lost. Go to your Union rep. He/she will be able to help you out and maybe even contact HR themselves.
I just dealt with an issue of a failing grade and my current admin handled it so well! Totally supported me. I discussed reviewing some assignments during a time the student may not have been well. I was supported either way! Plus this admin is constantly looking out for my best interest to help them build part of their arts program. I ended up reviewing some assignments on my OWN terms and didn't feel pressure. At another district I was in, I felt held hostage in a room and like I was incompetent when a girl wanted a grade change. Even with countless data that showed her level throughout all for years of HS. I did not apply for a position in the arts there because I was not about to deal with that lack of support. I even got called the summer I wasn't there about changing A DIFFERENT kids grade. Heck no. I was like, it's super sad because I LOVED the student population, but that admin was all about "kissing babies", politically speaking, and I was having none of it.
If you think about it, it's like buying a house. So... You know... You decide to only rent and love with others because you chose education over a house.
Luckily for me I come from a family of primarily public employees, so I don't get any guff. I always find it strange when someone in a store or something hears I'm a teacher and goes, "Of God bless you! I could never do that!" It's simultaneously awesome and heartbreaking. Depending on the year I taught, I totally get it. Not all years are that though.
Case in point, I was voted as a "strict teacher" in the year book, for sticking to deadlines, holding kids accountable for their grades, and not being afraid to throw down a referral if necessary. I'm still getting tons of hugs, signing yearbooks, and feeling that love. Kids know the difference between strict and unreasonable.
This year I did two novels/plays a semester and 1 large research project each. It's not about the amount, it's about what you DO with it. Shoot, you could teach and English class only reading articles and short stories.
Don't worry about it too much. I'm sure from your attitude, your teacher knew you'd be grateful. I never casually talked to my teachers. I'm more than happy as a teacher now to engage students in conversation, but I was never that student myself. Shoot, not even with my cheer coach who was my English teacher. I had no problem talking to adults, but I kept my relationships with teachers very straight teacher-student. They taught me, I listened and learned. I always find it odd when a student wants to talk to me more about life, since I never felt that way as a student. Still, I'm there for whomever wants to chat!
I got this from my awesome fiance. Best intros/conclusions I've had this year. * Intro: Hook that intros a big idea -&gt; Connect to the world/community/abstract idea -&gt; Connect to the self -&gt; Connect to the text/thesis time! * Conclusion: Restate that thesis -&gt; Revelation about the text -&gt; Connect to yourself -&gt; Connect to the world/community/abstract idea
No way. These kids saw it a mile away. One has 37 cuts to my class on attendance. The other two met with the counselor multiple times. I made sure they went during my class so I knew they'd gone. Parents were emailed. Calendars were given. They knew. I cover my booty on failing kiddos as much as I can.
I had one of these! I told him, boy, I knew this wasn't you because you write better than your girlfriend.
I dig this, but I like another redditor's comments about small groups with a puzzle at each. I don't think this will set a tone of "too casual" if you have a follow up. Exit ticket is like, What went well? What was tough? How is this the same or different from other group work you've done in school?
Oh man, sorry if I came across rough. Been a day! Thanks for your good wishes
Thanks for the reminder
Right?! One of my VPs was saying how this is the kind of kid that is going to have a tough life if this is how they solve their problems.
Omg, right? If that had been the response, you know I'd be looking for a new school asap
Lol! The dude at the auto shop was like, "So we don't sell unslashable tires, but we can definitely get this fixed."
OR was the relationship so strong I made them FEEL things?
I will if they get evidence behind who did it
I'm on it with insurance first, then district, but absolutely this will be paid for
Amen
I teach at a school that can have some rough families. Not sure about these ones
Omg nooooo!
Truth.
So sorry!
I wouldn't want to invest money sueing. I will press charges to have it on their record.
RIGHT?! I can bet they will say, "I asked for help." Uh huh, in the last week of school.
RIGHT?! I can bet they will say, "I asked for help." Uh huh, in the last week of school.
Quite a few students in my school don't tend to understand accountability. They think because they have to go to school, you have to pass them.
Going insurance first, then beyond
Truth is their parents might not have any money to feel it
My favorite part of this thread.
This isn't a bad idea, but I'd probably have a hefty walk.
I miss my Lenovo laptop that I had at a district. That was the BEST computer I've ever been able to work on.
Holy cow! Followed you?! Man, if someone followed me (granted they would have a 40+ minute drive), I'm not sure I could stay in teaching.
I should call the shop and have them check the gas tank.
Not yet. Checking in tomorrow. Last finals were today and there was A LOT going on
One of the reasons I'm not attending graduation tomorrow is due to this. I don't feel comfortable when the kid who slashed my tires is probably there
Camera pointed incorrectly. No identification.
I would definitely be that way if I'd seen the kid again.
My VP actually has some top little listeners. Unfortunately it's the end of year, do we can't even snoop it out. It'll be yesterday's news into the summer. Sigh!
At least it wasn't keyed or anything too. It stinks that my admin wanted to find the perp and do the whole suspect official police report. Sadly, no go. Unless the tree did it... Damn tree...
We have site security, but the campus is huge and there are so many nooks and crannies.
SUMMER BREAK! AHHHHH!
It's really tough because I had students purposefully coming after school ended on they last day to give me hugs. It was amazing. I still find myself looking over my shoulder though for that psycho kid. I also experienced taking a girl's phone this year and she came at break POUNDING on my locked door, DEMANDING her phone, even though the school gives me the right to confiscate it.
I played Tales of Graces F on my PS3 before Vesperia, and I choose GF! Vesperia is actually the one I like the least. I played through pretty quick and didn't feel compelled to stick around in the world like I did with Berseria or Symphonia. Graces F was awesome. I know that the community is divided on it, but I'm all about it. Lovable cast, great story, and heart warming ending.
Oh man, Zestiria WAS bad. Ugh. That protagonist... I actually didn't even finish Zestiria.
NO! How? Seriously, is it illegal to not enroll at ONE DAY left? I feel like it should be totally fine...
DO IT! I don't link school email to my phone anymore. I need the separation.
Hope you find a place that treats you right!
Ugh! It's so hard when it feels like summer
What's your job?
Psh, no need! For me it's like, I have a "tentative" teaching line. It could totally change come August, so it's hard to plan!
I thought that at one point this year, but even first day of summer break and I miss thinking about how I will get kids to talk about literature. It's my 6th year, and it didn't ALWAYS feel this awesome. I think you should consider whether you're teaching a subject that gets you excited.
Living in CA, definitely we can rock. Depending on how rural it is though, it can also be HORRIBLE! Happy to say we have a dedicated ESL teacher where I'm at. I've been somewhere in rural CA where there is no ESL teacher, regardless of having enough students. You just... Integrate...
Thanks for your thoroughness!
I appreciate an easy place to post assignments, since it collects them in a folder in my drive. I like that they updated the ability to drag and drop topics and assignments for swifter organization. I DON'T like that you must have a code to access viewing it. This is why I use Weebly as my main website. I want literally anyone to be about to access the material: parents, admin, fellow teachers, students who are using a phone and didn't download classroom... I DON'T like the lack of a customizable front hub.
Bachelorette party! Woooooh!!
Great off-beat game? Attack of the Friday Monsters. I got this on a recommendation based on similar interests to your own. Trust me! RPG using a card battle systems.
Same.
Almost all the times I was hired was July/August. I actually took over two jobs midyear. It's crazy common as far as I can tell. I mean, schools don't really know their numbers until closer to the school year starting.
I'm actually hoping to get a job closer and crossing my fingers someone wants to leave in the summer.
Just go to their website. You can usually get a vibe from there, as well as from the websites if the various schools.
While I think you may need to adjust expectations for the classroom, that honestly could come in time by teaching a class if students that you click with and defy your expectations. It seems like you are negative, so you need to flip that around and focus on the positive. You may be unintentionally veering negative in interviews and not even realize it. I'd mock interview with a friend, asking them to listen for negatively or robotic sounding answers that you could add a more positive spin on. Focus on wanting to help students achieve their best. You want kids to be confident and college prepared.
HIRE THIS PERSON NOW *flips desk back over*
I wish I got some weird, kooky question! I've only ever been asked what my favorite book is. Typical English teacher question.
I'm going to take time to watch videos to catch me up story wise. I figure there have to be some YouTubers that made a summary, even if it is lengthy!
Fire-chest sword?! Magical floating bullet gun?! Omg I'm stoked
So stoked for Alliance Alive to come to switch. I decided to not get it in 3DS because of the announcement.
DQB was such a sick hidden gem! My fiance and I are so flipping stoked.
I think Xillia and Berseria are fantastic! I played them before Graces F and... Oh man, Graces F still wins in my book! It was everything I wanted. Still, Tales of series is fantastic generally. Lots of love is put into the stories. I've only ever been disappointed once, and that was Zestiria. Gosh darn it, I just couldn't get into the main protagonist. He was just so bland.
My favorite thing about the graphics is that they are consistent and move from cut scene (not the animated ones, clearly) to gameplay seemlessly.
Studying acting actually helped me a ton with interview skills. Actively working on inflection that is pleasant. I'm pretty sociable as it is, but I make sure in interviews to throw in positive language and get excited about obscure things.
Yep! It's perfect. Never my problem after.
I had 154 this year. I just put them under a table at the front of the room that I use. I'd stack them in a corner if necessary. Just take a box out for the period, or ask an awesome kid to, and put it on a table or desk at end of the period. I've worked in some tin cans too. I know you are adamant about not having room, but if it really is an issue for you, I'd make the room.
Countdown from 5. Also, I usually tell them when there are a couple minutes and remind them what is due the next day. Kids started to ask if they could do it at the end of the year, lol.
They can totally type extensively. The kids adapt very fast, and if they have had these before, they will be even better at typing. Not as fast as touch typing, but they will rock it. I work 1:1 at a high school. I've actually worked at two that were 1:1. I primarily use GDocs. It doesn't indent though. I know. Huge oversight, but it has never been fixed. I tell students to do 5 spaces. Try Classkick. I'm going to try it next year. My colleague does with great success. She has daily activities kids can do in their account and she can project to the Apple TV (not sure if you have those) anonymously. You can also grade little practice activities super fast. It can be typing, matching, drawing, they can take photos and write with them, it's awesome.
Also, you can take pictures and then draw on them. Annotation!
Yeah, showing videos isn't horrible, but have a worksheet with it. There are some great ones for TED talks. Also, look up One Pagers from AVID. Great Friday activity that lets them be creative and thoughtful while you can get some grading done.
Try to keep work AT work. Give yourself one day on the weekend that you do not work. Mine is Saturday. I just refuse to work that day. No curriculum, no grading, no email. Don't link your school email on your phone. My phone is my space. The school wants to pay for a phone for me, then I'll link my email. You need space from work and the last thing you need is a rough Friday followed by a frustrated parent email after hours. Google search your unit online. There are so many free resources. Just download, adapt, and voila! Most of my tests and cobbled together from 3-4 I found online. You don't HAVE TO do an end of unit test. Do quizzes in-between. Have a seminar at the end of it if your subject lends itself to discussion. If you do quizzes twice a week, for a few weeks, it's the equivalent of an exam. You just broke it up. Seating chart in a plastic sheet with a dry erase marker. Quickly mark who is absent, get the attendees on a warm up, and enter attendance. Don't be afraid too have a clear routine. I once had to emergency teach World History. I laid out almost every week in the same format. Mon: Article Tue: Read Half chapter with notes Wed: Finish chapter and answer questions Thu: Review questions to prepare for quiz. Fri: Quiz on chapter and article, then use material for a reflective activity. Worked like clockwork, kept me on pace, and the students who appreciate consistency loved it. I would add in cool end of unit projects for the deviation. The schedule kept my sanity while I was scrambling.
Thank you! She also did boutonnieres and a wreath for me. Rocking my socks off!
I'm frustrated and conflicted. I was on the fence about where I work. This year a kid tried to choke my fiance and a girl came violently banging on my door in a rage because I had her phone after she had inappropriately used it. Then, at the end of the year, all my tires were slashed. I want to hang on for a couple years, but all this mess just doesn't seem worth a 40 minute commute (1 hr, 20 min on a good day). I'm keeping my eyes open for something closer. I don't want to go through interviewing this summer, but I just don't feel safe at my school.
Depends on the grade level. With my seniors, I was able to be more lax. They still had to take a bathroom pass, because that is school policy. However, I didn't restrict bathroom time as much. Want to get up when I'm lecturing? Okay. Don't expect me to give you an individual lesson though. They knew how to check in with friends if that occurred. My sophomores? Nothing for the first 15 or last 15 minutes. Definitely not when I'm giving instruction. Bathroom revoked if it took too long. They just don't know how to regulate themselves, and most were avoiding work, so I have to throw the hammer down. My seniors could read novels on their phones. My sophomores couldn't, again, because they can't regulate. There is a huge gap from 9/10 to 11/12. I love them all, but you have to understand that difference.
I just got married! WOOOOH
11:00am. He was supposed to be there at 10:45am. He arrived at like 11:30 when the ceremony finished.
Especially outside on a warm day. Also the toddlers in the wedding party were going to crash for nap time. We had to stick to the schedule!!
This was the worst. I thought it might pay off, but it didn't.
It's probably just an addition. Chip could still be running the fishing tournament and this guy is just there all the time.
Could I come over? I have quite a few and would love to trade in!
Omw!
Sure!
Gates open. If you could visit a few times, that'd be great. I'll give you some bells too :)
Got it! I'm eating lunch, so I might not respond right away
[PSA] Perfect Pears at Premium in Bell Boom town w/ different native fruit I'll be open for a just a bit if you have perfect pears to sell off. My town fruit is the cherry, and I'm on a Bell Boom, so that will net you a pretty nice price. Please add before commenting, and please walk on paths.
Only grade for specific things. You don't need to have a giant rubric. Maybe you just want a strong thesis and claims that support it. Grade that! Maybe it's a focus on evidence, grade that! For grammar, give them a couple specific things you'll note, like using conjunctions correctly or appropriate tense. Grade as they go. Today is body paragraph 1! If you finish, come up and check with me. Stamp or sign it and move along. This saved me major grading time on my finals.
I'll add you and open in a minute!
Open!
After you visit, could you leave me a review on [my RMM page here?](https://www.reddit.com/r/RateMyMayor/comments/dwvt4s/digitalcitizen0912/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link) Thanks so much!
Added and opened!
After you visit, could you leave me a review on [my RMM page here?](https://www.reddit.com/r/RateMyMayor/comments/dwvt4s/digitalcitizen0912/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link) Thank you!
When it gets unarchived, let me know!
Will add and open in a moment
Added and open! After you visit, please leave me a review on my RMM (linked in main post). Thank you!
Try again. It might have been because someone was in there
Oh snap, really? Ah well! I needed visitors to get closer to the train station remodel anyway, so at least it contributed to something!
[5/5](https://www.reddit.com/r/ACTrade/comments/el40ph/lf_visitors_to_come_see_katrina_ft_10000_bells/fdfgcrw/) Super friendly and didn't even want to take the bells for helping me out. Really thoughtful!
Done!
Can I come visit?
Can I visit?
NVM! Thank you!
Another vote for LotF here! I rarely have a kid who doesn't get into it. If they aren't reading, they are still super engaged in discussions about morality and they enjoy the film.
Could I come over to grab 4?
Snowman number 8 Also, Perfect Apples at a premium in Bell Boom as a non-native fruit. Let me know if you want to visit!
I am!
I wish I had the cajones to just kick a kid out like that, but I know security would find him and then me not-followng-the-policy would be a THING and I don't have the time for that battle. No, they can't go get a phone from a kid, but they sure can find aimless wandering students who will inevitably blame the teacher for their ability to mess around.
Is Oof a meme? I think the sound is just funny.
WHAAAT? That sounded great. Hired. But for real, I get you. I've been feeling that too... For my "friend".
I do that actually, and also take it for the day. Reminders were early on, and now the students know I will take it. The argument initially had nothing to do with the phone. I quietly informed the girl she plagiarized on her final and she loudly declared she did not, refusing to come take a seat so I could show her the issue. A kid calling a parent defiantly in class to prove you wrong isn't a reminder moment. Sorry if I sounded sassy myself. Man this girl was a order of work! Our lack of communication about school wide consequences is too. Schools I've worked at that have established consequences for any behavior have helped ten-fold regarding management.
I create lessons where most of my board work is done when kids aren't there. I have a weird habit of writing letters switched around in the middle of words sometimes, but I catch it quick and erase. It's a little embarrassing, so I usually try to not write with all the kids staring. Also, my writing can get HORRIBLY messy when I'm talking and writing. It's always nice and clean if I prepare it early. But this year I'm in a room with boards behind counters that have had duct tape on them so they are not usable and literally ripping apart... So I just use my iPad to project.
Oh my gosh, sympathy here on the ineffectual counselor front. Counselors at my school are notoriously known for not even being present! They don't come and do any lessons with kids about mental health, they don't answer their emails, and they never give us any transfer grades!
I'm so sorry you have such a nightmare situation. I've been there. Kid saying I cursed him out and bashed his family in front of the class. I was pulled out of school for TWO DAYS while they interviewed students. No. Joke. I hope that you can find a place where you feel welcome with students that make you want to come back.
In high school when I get these parents, it's almost like they feel PROUD that their kid is so defiant. They mistake defiance for standing up for yourself. They think their snowflake should always be able to work alone, even when learning to work in a group is a valuable skill. I swear these are the kids that grow to to breed more entitlement, unless they actually get so bum poor they have to keep a job and finally suck it up. I honestly feel like I'm in a daydream as well with these parents. Like, hold up, you told your kid they don't have to EVER talk to the teacher. Ever?! Yeah that just ain't gonna fly.
We don't have Halls, just the outside. It's basically super easy to just wander in multiple directions, far away from anyone.
Just happened to me with essay writing. I have the students instructions, read to them, and have them an example, of three ways to start an intro hook. Descriptive moment, quote with explanation, or fervent first reaction. So many did ALL THREE, and, of course, they were disconnected and ended up having nothing to do with their essay.
Are you still accepting visits? I would love to come sell
Awesome omw! I have quite a few :)
I do free reading Wednesdays. They're short. I have a book shelf and magazine rack. I have novels, manga, and comic books. I've been gathering a collection from thrift stores and cheap books during Comic Book Day the last couple of years. They read for about 30 minutes and then choose from 2 journal prompts to to write about 1 during the last 10 minutes. I collect every 5 journals and just make sure they're getting the minimum number of sentences. They also get a small participation grade for reading and writing that day and not falling asleep. Quite a few people in my department do it. It's great. Kids enjoy it. I've really gotten them into it with the addition of comics and manga. I want them reading stories and responding to them. They do that!
My students in 9th grade are where your are. It's SO DIFFICULT when they start falling off to catch up. Kids get really frustrated and can't keep up, and I totally get it. We, as a nation, need to restructure how we put students in English, because by grade is not working due to the different pace that they learn. My school is using NWEA testing and Odysseyware. It's a set of testing and programs that place students on individualized lessons at their level and scale up as they go. You could talk to your admin about this. The cost might be too much, but maybe your district is willing to invest? I do reading aloud. I'm planning on doing some choral reading, which I've found helpful with EL students.
French toast and sausage!
Hanging!
Thank you! So happy to get my museum closer to completion and get some cool non regional items. TY!!!!
I could use 36!
Reese is selling for 134 in my town. You can come over!
For sure! Let me know when you're open
Thanks! I'll let you know when I'm done and then open my Gates :)
Open! Please don't run, but walk around on your own to get signatures :)
I managed to get them, thanks though :)
Would you mind leaving my a rating on [My RMM](https://www.reddit.com/r/RateMyMayor/comments/dwvt4s/digitalcitizen0912/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link)? THANKS!
Astrology set please! My favorite bug is the Birdwing Butterfly
Coming over!
Coming over!
I could use 16 to get me a bingo!! Can I come over?
I wanted all my toys to come to life so I could have friends to play with ALL THE TIME. Toy Story kid.
That's beautiful and honest. &lt;3 that sub
My classroom management is just fine. My students behave and do their work for me when I ask. I don't know why it is in this district (been working here 2 years) but kids go CRAZY when they have a sub. Not when I've taught older students, but younger students always seem to. I've talked to them about their behavior, taken off points for participation, etc., but nothing appears to curb their behavior when the teacher of record isn't there. Unless it is another teacher at the school. If that is the case, the kids behave better. It is seriously SO STRANGE! I've never worked in a district where the younger high school kids are so ridiculous without their teacher of record. As for floor sweeping... not my job. I've had my TA do it before, but I'd rather have her grade, file and deliver things. We have an issue in our district regarding half done work by custodial, so I've been filling the appropriate paperwork, per my union's request, if the floor wasn't swept. I had to do one for outside my room too. The amount of garbage the kids leave on the ground at our school is pure insanity.
Glad to make you laugh!
Exactly! I have papers to grade, lessons to plan, IEPs to fill out, other teachers to check in with about students, parents to contact... I honestly just don't have time if it is someone else's job.
Maybe your sub wanted you to be reminded of something nice :)
Reese is selling for 371
Reese is selling for 371
Reese is selling for 371
Sure can, I'll open Gates in a moment
Gates open, come on in
Gate open, come in!
I think that's the tough thing with sub work. You're like, hey I have to throw this together and I'm hoping you can fill in the pieces awesome sub! Sometimes they wanted YOU to fill in the pieces. You're like, man, I'M SICK! I'M TRYIN! I always envy my friends that can take a sick day and not have to plan for anyone.
Gates open!
Aw so sorry!!
Gates open! Come in. Feel free to head to retail yourself
So sorry, I just shut down for the night. Heading to bed so I can get up for work tomorrow. :(
Sorry just closed. Heading to sleep. Early work tomorrow. Sry :(
A screenplay?! Color me intrigued
This is something vitally important to diversity training. At my school, I would honestly start with a trusted union rep to figure out how to best bring this up. They would possibly do it for me in a meeting. You could also try your department head? They should be meeting with admin frequently, so they would be a safe in.
I'm planning on finding a job closer to home next year. I'm so frustrated with communication at my school. It's horrendous. Our principal is only interested in dog and pony shows and has no respect from the staff. Putting in any maintenance request seems to never matter... There's a new whiteboard that's been sitting around for almost 2 years that hasn't been put up. There's a stagnant pond outside my door that it's due to a clogged sewer drain. I haven't gotten necessary keys for cupboards and other facilities. There are teachers in the campus that don't have BATHROOM KEYS! I'm having to test students constantly and deliver this boring, tedious online curriculum that they all do silently every week (at least it's only 1 day a week). The helpful online Chromebook management tool we have just went to crap and apparently no one at the district can fix it. We are a 1-to-1 tech school, but we haven't had a technology person on campus most of the year because our guy had a health issue and they NEVER REPLACED HIM! But Um A lot of my students have been very sweet while I've been sick this week at school. So, I've got that going for me, which is nice.
I feel you. Are you in a low income district?
I... I don't even... I teach 9th grade too, and this is sadly VERY familiar sounding
Oh... My... Gosh. I'M THERE WITH YOU! Something happened with a tech to I use in my district. It totally botched up in the last few weeks. It, like, had an update, and NO ONE can fix it. ARRRRRGH
I went to school sick today. Ugh. Kids were laughing at my ridiculous sounding hoarse voice. I almost fell asleep. Ugh
I've noticed it far worse with young parents, but that's just my experience. Parents who basically are still kids with their kids. Like, they didn't get to enjoy young adult life, so now they text their teenager like they are best buddies just shooting the shit. BE A PARENT! I'm glad your child loves you, but you do not need to be their best friend. Let them have best friends their own age. I'm going this phase of parents without boundaries goes out in the next decade.
It is SO ROUGH! I don't want to take work past school hours, but part of me is wondering if setting up a Remind and throwing one out at night to remind them to do their homework would honestly be beneficial. I have a similar population and I think one of the systemic issues is never being taught WHEN to do homework.
This is totally me and my husband. They are different machines. We like all of our machines!
Adding and I'll let you know when Gates open
Adding and I'll let you know when Gates open
Adding and I'll let you know when Gates open
Open! Come on in!
Open! Come on in!
Adding and will let you know when open
Open! Come on in!
Will add you and let you know when open. Just finishing a visitor now :)
Gates open! Come on in!
Yep! Open!
Yay! So happy! Love spreading the joy of exclusives
Added and Gates open!
I'll double check your friend code
Checked! You should be good. Try again
Added and open! Come on over
Added and Gates open! Come on!
I'll add you! Give me a moment
Gates open! Come on in
Added and Gates open. Come on in
Added and Gates open. Come on in
I'll add you after my current visits finish :)
Added and open, come on over!
Added and open, come on over!
Added and open, come on over!
TY :)
Added and Gates open! Come on over
Added and Gates open! Come on over
Hurray!
Yes! I'll add you now!
Added and Gates open! Come on in
Added and Gates open! Come on in
K! My Gates are totally open. Should pop up :)
Reopened after crash. You can try again :)
I'm closing the Gates, but if you show up on here again, let me know
Sure, just send a reply. I think I'll be around
Added and Gates open! Come on in!
Added and Gates open! Come on in!
Legit!
Though some I've gotten through others, so I don't know if they are hacked. It's like a combo
Yep! Opening Gates now!
Yep! Let me add you and open up
Open! Come on in
Closed and reopening, come over.
It is! Was just making dinner. I'm going to add you now.
Gate is open! Hope you're able to come over :)
This doesn't even seem real! On a side note, I've always worried about grading "too hard" because school is such a business now. Please the customer. All that. I hope your admin is about to help you with this INSANE teacher
Etoile is here! Let me know if you're available!
Gates open! Come on in :)
I have Etoile up if you want to visit :)
Adding you now :) Try gate in a couple minutes
Ack, our internet is wiggin out here. It just went out. I have to check in on it. I'll let you know if/when I open again today. Sorry!
Ack, our internet is wiggin out here. It just went out. I have to check in on it. I'll let you know if/when I open again today. Sorry!
Aw sorry, I'm out for the night. My internet was wonky today and now I'm sleepy. Thank you for the offer though
Sighed, "Jesus fucking Christ" toward the ceiling when this kid was like the 6th one to not sit down and be quiet to take a test. I'd been dealing with him and many others for the semester. It was exhausting. Antics every day. Never quiet, always actively plotting outside my class how to bother me (I heard them when I was at my seat near the window). Crazy stuff Kid says he wants to take his test in resource class. I'm like, yeah, thanks for advocating for yourself. Turns out he went to the office and LIED to the principal about me cussing him out and saying his family was terrible. I was suspended for two days while they investigated. No. Joke. Of course they discovered my story was accurate. DUH! Hated that school.
Not to burst your bubble for your post, but I tried to offer RV visits as compensation, and mods said I couldn't. I don't know why. It's some arbitrary rule. Just letting you know!
I do! Do you have a silver axe?
I have gold, but thanks! Silver is guaranteed to make patterned stumps, that's why I was looking for it.
Yeah! If you're looking for patterned stumps, use it!
Even moving your actual Switch clock up? I can do it with Sword and Shield, so I assumed I will be able to with NH.
Holy crap. I'm glad you're somewhere else now. That's just terrifying.
For sure! I'm a teacher and during the week I pretty much wouldn't okay until 5pm. Psh. I'd get no morning or afternoon bugs/fish/dives. I always have to TT. I don't think of it as cheating, I mean, they stuck Isabelle at the front of NL basically allowing you to change your time however you please. Villages even acknowledge you as a time traveler! I think the creators understand that it is one way to play the game.
Omg, it always freaked me out when a villager would say their moving out and I'd say, "Don't go!" and they'd be like, "Aw, you'll be fine without me. K, bye!" Like, I thought I chose the correct response. AHHHHHH!
Beautiful town ordinance, am I right?
It's not bad to! It's just part of play. I love when my villagers call me a time traveler. It's like I'm from a sci fi film.
Yeah, fellow traveler! I'm pretty busy during the week too, but u want to enjoy my AC!
I so feel you! Love winter. It's my favorite music.
I totally see what you're saying. I don't think that is clear in the rules, so that's why it feels arbitrary. I think adding that would bring much needed clarification for the choice made on the subreddit.
He's always been chonky. Better for cuddling.
I told my husband, "Maybe I won't restart this time..." He was like, "Why would you not do something you love to do?! Don't give in to pressure to keep it." Yeah babe! No pressure! Woooo
Right?! Plus, it doesn't mess up your personal game to visit someone who is TT'd. Maybe you should imagine it is like visiting somewhere else in the world. Different seasons in different places!
I sincerely hope they improve the day to say so I don't feel the NEED to TT. I was really happy with the addition of Welcome Amiibo, since it gave added daily challenges AND the mini games on the Wii U and 3ds. When I do TT now, it's usually only one extra day.
Authentically grinding money to pay loans. Mmmm real life. Lol
I hope there are new ordinances! I love the addition of them
Samesies
Lol. That would be the worst
Fingers crossed for more game play!
Can I come over?
Thanks! I'll wait till you contact again
Are you still available? I would like to come sell
Yeah! I'll add you and open
Open, come on in. I might be distracted on something else. Keep heading to the right to get to campground!
Hope you enjoy your Goodies!
Open
Yeah! Are you still interested?
Gates open!
I'll add you and come over! Thanks!
I got them! Thanks!
Could I come over and get the Cabana set and a Lotus Pond? I think you're excited about the upcoming DoDo flying the plane!
K. I'll check in a couple minutes!
TY for the goodies!
Hopefully you'll see something middle of the week. Last week we had a couple 400s!
I'm so sorry! Make sure that is written somewhere official and isn't a thing the district just likes to say, but it's not actually in your contract. I only accept later with within one week, but I'm able to. If I was forced to accept ALL late work, I'd probably do the 50% route. Like, after 1 week, it's 50% only. Hey, a half F is still pretty amazing in the gradebook.
This is the hot word right now. What the hell is it though? I know what it is in my class, but that might not match with what admin thinks.
Holy cow, had one of these this year. I was like, uh... So when do I have time to pull a kid aside and talk to them? You shove 35 9th graders in my class and they ALL have questions and want me to check their work, but now I'm supposed to stop and check in with Sally about her outburst? I'm sorry, do we not have counselors for that?
I feel I'll they have to make PD broad enough to fit EVERYONE, so no one gets the specifics.
It's this for an advanced class? I can't imagine ever asking kids to buy the books. Families won't even pay to replace broken school laptops the students get checked out.
This is me for 7 years. Switching schools also is tough. In English, booklists change from school to school. Thank God Romeo and Juliet is a standard, so when I've taught 9th grade I've at least had that.
That makes sense!
I'll add you now!
It's in my flair: 2681-0179-1161
I got some help, thanks though!
Aw nuts! Just missed you!
It's Resetti. Resetti is the chubby one, Don is the thin one.
Stay hopeful, as others say! I have been hired in March, and I've been hired in August. Schools don't REALLY know their numbers until August, and then there is a scramble to get positions filled. Also, Covid-19 is making districts wary of hiring right now. I've had two interviews and didn't get either this year. I'm trying to switch schools. I'm hopeful for more positions opening in June and after the July holiday.
I'm so sad it isn't like NL, where you'd look in their dresser and find something they didn't want anymore. Now there's no benefit.
Yes it was.
Dang, like Home Depot up in there!
Lol, this is too real.
This is SUPER adorable! Streetlamp vibe feels weird, but they are between, so that's dope. I'm starting to replace mine with tiki torches. Get all Indiana Jones feeling up in here.
Best part is, they are super cheap to DIY! If you don't like them, you just switch it back ;)
I'm doing the special yellow route... But I have yet to get a yellow! Come ooooon special yellow
I'm all good! This is just a giveaway :) I'll PM you Dodo
I'll PM you Dodo
I'll PM you Dodo
I'll PM you a Dodo!
I have 4 people over now. When someone leaves, I will totally let you in :)
Pming you!
Sure can! I'll PM you Dodo.
You can! Give me a moment :)
Pm incoming!
I have stuff still! Will PM
I am! Will PM
I am! Will PM
I have no idea what I have because it's all over. I just listed that if you find the item on the ground.
Send you a chat with a Dodo
I'll PM you the Dodo!
Only four?! SO JELLY! I did manage to get all the octopi this game in only a few NMT... So that was sweet.
I'd love to do WfW
Omg! Can I come over? I can bring you my extra Saharah wallpaper/flooring :)
I just can't believe they only did ONE KIND of patterned shovel, ONE KIND of differently shaped net, and ONE KIND of uniquely shaped watering can. I thought that they'd for sure start dropping some DIYs... Shell themed... Space themed... Zodiac themed... Flower themed... I hope they expand this is the future
I got so frustrated Zuckerberg that I was like, I'M OUT! You won't count me as a number. I'd actually been on a new account for a year because I had deleted my old one. I HATED FB bringing up old posts and being like, "Remember this?!" And it would be something involving an ex or something stupid I wrote. I'd be like, NO I DO NOT WANT TO REMEMBER THIS! Also, I could NOT take any more baby pictures. I had a miscarriage in November and the barrage of baby pics is very unhelpful to my healing. Finally, I got married last year and a bunch of my husband's cousins who are our age friended me... And every status I had proceeded to be shared like gossipy wildfire in his family. My family is NOT this way, so I was VERY thrown off. I kept having to hide posts from people. It felt like a fucking facade. Now I just stick to reddit, where I'm anonymous, and Twitter, where I definitely will not post a single picture of myself so family cannot find me.
I finally got it a couple days ago when I wasn't trying. I found when I tried, I messed up. I got SO FRUSTRATED! Next thing you know, BLAM!
No price. I would love a few star pieces of you have them. Do you want to come grab him?
I will trade you wfw
I'm in for trading wfw
I LOVE the addition of the changing room and outside shower. Turn that shower on! SOLID! Might I recommend... Put a gnome under the shower. It's adorable.
30 minutes if definitely enough time to get an impression of who you are and how you handle yourself professionally. They can see how you dress immediately. That tells them how much you cared about the interview. They can hear your time of voice. They can sense how engaged your are, if you really want the position, and if you seem like you know your stuff. Think of how many 30 minutes interviews they made need to do, amount with reviewing applications, debriefing after, etc. There is a lot of time you aren't there that goes into the interview, and they don't want to spend an inordinate amount of time exhausting themselves. It's kind of like grading papers (English teacher here) I have to limit how much time I have to look at a paper because I have a stack to get through. You learn how kids write in one or two paragraphs. Honestly, thank goodness you don't have to do follow up or a demo lesson. The demos are so out of touch. There had only been ONE demo I did that felt real, and that's because they gave me like 10 kids to do it with while they watched. All the rest were done for adults. Like, wth? It's not remotely realistic. I hope you get it!
If you need a WfW, I can help!
If you need watering still, let me know. I'm down for wfw
Yay!
I didn't know I needed this. Thank you :p
I will trade you WfW if you like. I'll water yours, than you can come to my island after?
I have yet to catch mine in this weather. Happy to see someone else with a pirate theme :)
I ditched FB and snagged a Twitter account. I am so much happier. I'm just consuming news on Twitter. It's so on the pulse of what is happening. FB was just my old college friends and my husband's family showing off house construction and babies, two things I don't have for financial and medical/mental health reasons. I felt like a bad person looking at FB! IT WAS AWFUL! I also had to, like, actively decide who got to see a post because omg the gossip hounds ABOUND on FB! I love being a part of online communities, but I've realized I enjoy them with people I DON'T know in my day to day physical life. Reddit makes connection easy breezy. I've only found myself leaving one Reddit group due to toxicity.
Spared no nonsense at my school. HURRRAAAYYY
Oh my Lord. Yeah, I turned in keys last year... Again, no one there. I turned them in on my desk with a note. HALF OF THEM WERE LOST! I have keys for a couple things. I'm jealous of you getting your keys this year. I have such a long commute, and the person want there to take them... So I kept them. Now I'm getting flack. I'm like, I'll mail them if it's that important? Please don't make me waste gas for this power trip.
TRUTH! I just managed to keep mine. MWAHAHA! They don't really care. It's just micromanaging!
This this this. Also, I find that teaching assignments often change for HS. If you get another grade tacked on, you may have a book or materials in your class, tucked away, that you didn't know you would need.
I think my principal loves this movie and believes this is what I will do with a Drama class. I'm like, yeah... Nope.
My Hero Academia. Come on... I love those teachers. Also Silver Spoon. Where my AG programs at?!
Uhhhh, my energy. I'm pretty excitable. I think it usually makes me seem like a good energy to add to a team.
YES! GOOD FOR YOU! What a weird power trip. I can only imagine that teaching the tragic flipping novels that I do. Just, you know, BE POSITIVE!
If they just wanted to check that I had them, like, sure. Here they are. There's your inventory! I'm just so confused when I've worked at multiple schools and this is the only one that feels the need to take keys.
Here's the kicker... I turned in my keys last year, and THEY lost some of mine (I have a couple sets for different buildings)! No. Joke. I ended up getting to keep mine. Got it worked out this afternoon. Glad that wasn't a fight they thought was worth having. I feel like the key thing is just this... THING the new admin decided on. I haven't heard about anyone getting anything stolen. When asked why it mattered, they ALWAYS avoided a straight answer.
I had a card only at one school. It was fabulous. They had been built in the last 14 years though. This school, and others I've been at, are all really old and the traditional old guard don't see the switch to cards as being a good way to spend money. It's amazing if someone loses a card. Change the code, reprint the cards, BLAM! It's SO FAST!
If you have some star pieces, that would be dope. I'm just giving her away though! I'll DM you
The keys are "floating around" all year with us as well. That's not a good argument for our keys. If they don't trust us, they shouldn't give us keys at all.
Or, I go back to work in a district that isn't so micromanaged, which I am currently applying for. Obviously keys are not the only issue when you decide to seek a new school. The keys are like a consistent pain in the cherry on a cake of chaos.
Are you actually arguing to "stay in my lane" and not question my admin like an obedient dog? Glad I'm in California with unions who protect teachers so they don't have to have that mindset.
Great! Let me snag a Dodo and DM you
Great idea!!
As much as I love this, I can't fathom having to redo all my paths in the winter.
I use these and LOVE THEM
Oh no WAY! Ahhhhhh!
If you still need some WfW, I'm in!
Oh no, I'm so good! Don't need one! I just know people are usually crrrraaazy about that ironwood, lol! I'll DM you!
Ty!!! I'll dm
I think you just officially started the "I'm adult that likes to get stoned and play animal crossing. Where my homies at?" Thread. Good on you
Lol, YEEEEES! Best. Meteor. Showers. EVER
Hooray!
You did it! It's real! Definitely make a post advertising this. I don't know if people will be chill with it, but there are plenty of us, lol
Thanks for the trade! If you could leave me a RMM review, that would be sick: https://www.reddit.com/r/RateMyMayor/comments/gpaaox/digitalcitizen0912/
I ADORE the bush lined left side near the waterfall! You're giving me ideas!!
That's what I'm thinking. Summer. Boat. Kapp'n. IT JUST MAKES SENSE
And getting "Deep Truths" from Pascal! "Do boats float on top of the water, or does water just not like boats and pushes them away, maaaan?"
Yah! DaVinci Code reference!!
I would be totally down for a water trade!
I'll trade you WfW!
I was listening to KK Technopop, docked to my TV. I undocked when the song was ending and BLAM! I was STUCK! I had to close out of the game. Luckily it didn't use up my song and I was able to still go back in and get it.
Would you trade WfW?
Holy. Buckets. This is GORGEOUS
I'm finding I have all these nooks I don't know what to do with. Honestly, part of me wants to move stuff around and make something epic like this. Omg, this as an entrance would be WILD
I do!
I've had him since the start. I love him, but I'm moving in another lazy villager. I usually move someone out once I get their photo. Cranston has just been lucky to sit around since the start :)
People like to hop on the bandwagon? I don't know! Once I get a villager's picture, I'm willing to have them move out. That's the way I play. I think the goal is to get the picture then, BLAM, move it along!!
I totally get that play style. I think there are SO MANY I love, that I can't just keep some around.
I think they do give you nicer things, or things you don't have. Shoot, I got a GENUINE painting from one! It pays to give them gifts.
When you give them a gift, there is a possibility they can give it to you!
I give them gifts that are in their favorite color schemes. I use the ACNH Guide app!
Focus on things in their color scheme. Every villager has a color or two they like.
Sheesh! Holy cow. Just noticed all the upvotes.
Rock on! I'll pm you
Rock on, I'll pm you!
I'm actually all good, thank you!
I'm actually all good!
I mean, there's like 400+ right?!
I love the imperial set, any color! Hope I'm picked ;)
Yay! Welcome to the club! If she wants to go, definitely let her. There are 400+ villagers, which means there are so many more photos to snag! Don't forget to take get to Harvey's island in case you want her poster too. I forget to do that with my first few
I hear you. I had a miscarriage in November. I was on board to have a kid after getting married in the summer. I also want to adopt, but at that time I feel like I could do this "having a kid" thing because my husband is great. I feel awful now. A much larger part of me does not want to try again. I can't imagine what mental anguish I'll go through if I have another miscarriage. I still am wrecked. My husband desperately wants a biological child. I told him I just don't know if it will happen. It's... Stressful. We talked to a therapist once. I think we should probably go to couple's counseling. It's hard. You are valid in your choice. I feel valid in mine. I just feel broken now.
Rock on, I'll DM
If you still need someone to water, let me know!
Lol! Best blue rose post
Love. This.
Yeah, now that I've moved into the daily check in routine with NH, I realize NL had so many little features that made the day fun! I'm hoping a summer update will give us the game island. Sadly, I think campers will just remain boring :(
I would! Do you have any star pieces?
Totally! I'll PM you
Lol! That's okay. I'll just take a few. I'm moving toward building multiple star garlands for a room, so every little bit helps :) I'll order it, get it tomorrow, then we can exchange tomorrow? I don't time travel ;p
Rock on! I'll contact you tomorrow. Hooray!!!
You just made my day. I have his card. LOVE HIM! I also felt that hoodie was so DRAB for him! I gave him a sweet noble coat and one of those tiny tophats so it wouldn't cover his horn. GORGEOUS
I realized so many hats can look weird on villagers EXCEPT tiny hats and hair clips!
I have the poster!!
This comment doesn't have enough points ;p
I don't usually do this, but I think this may be the year to switch to golf pencils
I'm definitely a fan of holding class outdoors! Investing in clipboards might be beneficial.
Fountains might not even be open!
SO COOL
You've officially made the cutest post about this silly Naruto run. I CAN'T HANDLE THIS CUTENESS
So necessary
Everyone's island is beautiful! It's their island! I think decorating with whatever you have is so fun. Who cares about cataloging for perfect sets? Place that polka dot plastic pool outside with a wood burning stove and weeds. It's unique! I think going for eclectic island style would be hecka fun.
I do the same! LOVE IT
