Jiizuke is inting.
Morde already breaks spectate. On that Iron 4 stream whenever there's a Morde all attacks disappear and the champs sorta moonwalk everywhere.
Only 3? Still giving Franco the benefit of the doubt?
Grullon is better, but he's a potential every day player in the future. Is it worth having him rot on the bench behind JT 6 out of 7 games?
I know self preservation kicks in, but take one for the team Scotty
Everyone calls for Jake's head every game he pitches, but at least he keeps the ball down most of the time. Also, remember when Pivetta was so bad he got sent down? Well he's our 4th best pitcher now. Fuck this pitching staff. We have no bullpen outside Neris and we're lucky to have 3 functional starters.
Oh look. They fucking roll faces when they play dive comp.
If only we could have played Carpe Sombra Poko Zarya from the start of this meta. But no, let's run back the same comps that get run over.
Because it's fine for non supports to become supports. Gotta get people playing the bitch role. But if a support dares to have the audacity to show up elsewhere *at the expense of the support role*, fuck that. Lulu got gutted for being a solo laner. Soraka did too. Meanwhile Brand, Morgana, Malzahar, Annie, Fiddlesticks, MF, Vel'koz, Zyra and I'm sure a fuckton of others got put in Support Hell. The only champion that survived was Morgana, who is finally seeing Mid play for the first time in 7 fucking years. Remember when they reworked Malzahar only to gut his reworked kit because he was a broken support and only mediocre mid?
And he pretended to change for all of, what, 6 months? Now he's toxic again but it's cool because he brings in all that sweet money.
I'm unlikely to play another game after being inted like that so I'm fine with wasting their time as much as mine.
Oh it was totally botched in the end. They fucked it up in ways completely unimaginable to me, but it's not fair to say ALL their "creative input" failed is my point. It just so happens that they utterly phoned it in. The first 2 episodes of season 8 were fine. Not groundbreaking but fine. And look... they didn't write those episodes.
It at least developed Sansa into... something I guess.
We have no outfielders, unless you want Nick Williams (who is good at nothing whatsoever) playing.
I know Rhys is like .370 in the last month, but GOD DAMN does it not feel like it.
What about this team is living in the past? They have no former Phillies on their coaching staff. Our manager is one of the biggest proponents of analytics (to a fault), which Charlie Manuel would have *never* done.
What guys used to play for us? Mallee is the only coach we have with any ties to our organization prior to coaching and each and every person here agrees he needs to go.
Knapp's throw... what the fuck was that. I'm dying laughing... he fell over from his knees and just fucking lobbed it.
I'd say Harper's pretty consistent at this point. Consistently .250 with strong OBP. Segura and Cesar have been bad, but Rhys isn't even walking much anymore it feels like.
Do I even watch the 9th?
Most importantly her q was proximity based like Morg R and hit all units and shredded MR
In Segura's 6 full MLB seasons he's been over .290 BA in 4 of them. His WAR in the past 3 years has been 5, 2.9 and 3.8. These are above average numbers, not below. The only things he does not do well are walk, given his OBP not being much higher than his BA, and hit for power, given his very low SLG. When a guy goes from hitting .300 the last two seasons and 4 out of 6, comes in here hitting .300 to start then falls off a cliff midseason, MAYBE IT'S NOT A FUCKING TALENT PROBLEM. Arietta has been our 2nd or 3rd best pitcher this season and, while inconsistent, has been average. I don't get why you can dismiss all the good these players have done in the past as a fluke and call the third of a season we've gone through the true measure of talent for any of these players. Why is the last 3+ months more indicative of our team's talent than the last 3 to 10 years of all these guys' careers? Also, the Dodgers have a liability at 2B (batting .200 ish), C (.220) and somewhat in LF (.240) but have the best offense in the league.
Cat was in a fuckton of scenes given that she was the one sent literally everywhere because she knows everyone. She spends the entire first season in most Winterfell scenes then has her run in with Tyrion as well as her trip to KL. Then she's in Robb's war camp. She later moves on to negotiate with Renly. She also has the Jaime scenes and the trip to her home to bury her father. Almost every scene involving a Stark for the first 3 seasons involved Cat.
So I won't have my PC for another week and I'm stuck with my laptop. I meet all specs except VRAM (I only have 128 MB because integrated graphics). How miserable will my game be?
It's run WoW in the past to... mixed results. I'm not sure how much FFXIV relies on Graphics Cards or Processor.
Everyone hated the Dexter finale. I never experienced it because I stopped after Trinity. I doubt it's worse than this. Everything about it seems awful to me, but did it retroactively destroy all the good of the show the way Season 8 did?
Point is, he can work on HW stuff (which should take more than 5 days unless you completely no life it) until ShB would kick in.
We aren't sure whether HW/SB unlock on preorder day or actual launch day. If you weren't on Steam, there's a promotion for Free Heavensward, but it's not able to be used on Steam accounts sadly.
I think OG beats TSM and C9 but loses to TL. FNC and G2 will sweep.
The only game EU played of their 5 man roster in actual position was FNC's 2nd game, which they obliterated C9. All the other games involved lane swaps or subs.
So EU is at least on par with Korea now right? I don't watch enough China to compare, but we've seen that the best Chinese team kinda coinflips with the best EU teams. Bad Korean teams seem worse than bad EU teams though.
I'm pretty sure not because there's going to be a slight delay after casting one that you're locked out of casting another ability.
How bad is playing on a trackpad gonna be? On my laptop for a week.
Bland would mean "lacking seasoning," typically referring to salt or an essential seasoning to the dish. I guess the way to refer to the overall seasoning compared to other cuisines would be something like "robust" or "profound" flavors? If you say my food is bland because it doesn't have chiles or curry spices in it, you're gonna have me bitch at you for *hours*. If my food's bland, it's because I didn't put enough salt or pepper in, not because it's not spicy enough. I'd prefer my Chicken Alfredo to not have 15 Jalapenos in it, thank you very much.
Not a main but top 3 most played. Pre void here
I believe you can respec engineering unlike other profs in Steamweedle port.
That'll force a name change.
Personally I wouldn't worry about SGC as a hunter. Yes, it's "technically" pre-bis, but you will replace it with T1. It's not worth the time investment over something like Ogre-forged or even Deathdealer. For reference, I have warrior guildies who are over 200 runs into SGC farming yet to get it. Warriors, unlike hunters, won't replace it for quite a while so it's much more reasonable for them to spend their entire lives farming it. Also because Arena/Angerforge is so popular for the HoJ
Usually people who do profession alts like that do so for transmutes. Primarily Arcanite because that will always have a large market for Thunderfury and Lionheart (and Sulfuras I guess). The second profession is usually Tailoring for the Mooncloth CD. It's not too useful right now, but come ZG time, Mooncloth will spike in price because Bloodvine set
If you put a taunt mechanic on a paladin 2 piece, they will always have to run that 2 piece to function. Doesn't matter if it's a month later or 10 years later.
The imbalanced classes isn't a positive of vanilla. "I can do anything as any spec!" Except DPS as a druid or paladin and mostly shaman. There's a balance between "half of the specs are useless garbage" and "every class is the same with reskinned abilities." Hell, look at Cata and MoP. Every spec felt unique and were, for the most part, balanced.
As Alliance on Blaumeux the Horde death squads have lessened a bit, but with their AV queues they have a lot of downtime to sit in the world.
Pretty good mostly. I see dungeon groups pretty frequently. We contest world bosses fairly well and we've got pug raids semi-regularly.
It also cleanses slows, which blink doesn't. Human gives no real pvp benefit.
I have no rooting interest here, but aren't the announcers being just a BIT biased for Houston here?
NFL playoffs: live from Silent Hill. This is some interesting fog.
I just read the manga chapters in the episode and it seems like they were saying that he foresaw his death and took action to prevent it, but the way his quirk works, you can change small things but can't change the overall end result. Meaning he could dodge fatal blows but eventually he was going to die to one of them. All he could do was change whether it was the 1st or the 100th.
Yeah How dare he get hit in the head and have the NFL protocols deem he needs to be evaluated by a neurologist. So soft.
Concussion protocol.
McCown has thrown one, maybe two good balls in 3 drives. Little premature to call his play "lights out"
There's a dude on my server (Blaumeux alliance) with an army of summoners stationed *everywhere*. SM, Winterspring, Felwood FP, BRM, Hydraxian Waterlords and, I think, Gadget. He charges 5g a head.
Guilds rarely recruit main tanks because of the fact that gearing a tank is such an investment. Typically they are officers or even the GM himself because of the sheer gold that needs to get funneled to them. They need a Lionheart. Non-humans need Edgemasters. Then they need to get first priority on a lot of raid gear, not to mention the fact that Thunderfury bindings are one of the biggest guild investments in WoW history. Now imagine they do all these things for a tank they've had for, say, 1 month. Tank then decides he doesn't want to be there anymore and peaces out with ~1500g worth of BoEs, raid gear and potentially the pieces to the only really good legendary in Classic. Your best bet is to play DPS in raids, tank 5 mans and wait for Naxx, when there's actually a fight that requires 8 tanks. Hell, come Naxx you'll be funneled some gear SUPER hard because you basically need 8 tanks with T3 4 set for increased chance to hit taunt.
My guild's raid schedule is actually really good for this. We raid on consecutive Monday and Tuesdays (running splits), meaning that we essentially have two weeks between raids. So, for example, today is the 6th and we are raiding for last week's lockout. Tomorrow, the 7th, we are raiding for next week's lockout. Our next MC raid will be the 20th and 21st. Of course we still do the Ony resets as normal, but this lets us play other specs outside raid without having to respec twice a week. I know this doesn't solve your issue of essentially raid logging and would probably make you not log in for two weeks (which, admittedly a portion of my guild does), but as someone who primarily enjoys raiding over anything else, I'm usually hitting the point where I crave a raid night the Friday or Saturday before we raid. Two consecutive (and eventually 4 once my alt hits 60) MC clears whets my appetite for raids for a bit.
I had a guildie selling a Teebus for literally two months. Since no one else had one there was no precedent for how much to sell it for. I think he opened with his offer at 10k. It became a meme on the server with him selling that damn sword. It's not even that *good* lol Anyway, no one on server wanted it for a price he was okay with and in the end he paid for a server transfer on a level 10 alt to another server, sold it for ~7k gold worth of Lotus, Righteous Orbs and T1 BoEs plus 1.7k raw gold and paid for ANOTHER server transfer back (on a separate level 10).
If you're doing the ZF farm, the Argent Dawn trinket is really, really good. It adds about 2-3 damage per blizzard tick. It doesn't feel like a lot but it adds up. Outside of that, just high int, high stam. Crit is mostly useless unless you're cone kiting them instead of blizzarding them. Spellpower is fine, but more as an incidental stat. Outside that, things that give extra aoe damage aren't awful. Ramstein's bolts and the Gnomer helm are cute things you can add on for that last little burst of damage, but the only thing that matters is the mana pool and (to a lesser extent) the health pool. Oh. Spell hit is good too. Less resists on your novas.
I am not a melee player, but someone led you very wrong somewhere. The reason you roll a human warrior is for sword skill. You did this right. However, humans don't need edgemasters. Because of how weapon skill works, the benefit from 305-307 is not a huge deal. Glancing Blows (the mechanic you need weapon skill for) reduces white hit damage by 35% at 300 skill. At 305 skill this is reduced to 15%. The benefit you get from weapon skill caps at 308 with a 5% reduction. You would get more benefit from a stronger pair of gloves as a human. You should *never* go above 308 weapon skill, so Edgemasters + Maladath is just an overkill combo. As for hit, 9% is the ability hit cap. Anything above that just reduces the misses on your white hits, which means hit isn't totally worthless above 9, but loses a lot of value. TL:DR- 9% hit, 305 weapon skill are what you shoot for. You are human so as long as you use swords your weapon skill is fine without boosts.
I'm not actually sure how it works. I have Ban'thok and Star in my set regardless because I don't have much in the way of dedicated int/stam gear so I just assumed hit isn't wasted.
I've definitely been looking into other jobs, but it's hard given where I live (bumfuck nowhere) and the fact that I've been employed by each of the three biggest employers on the main street through the town, having quit two of them since June. I rely on Lyft/Uber to get around since I have no car.
I'm about an hour from Philly and about a 10 minute drive to anything one would consider a major shopping center. It's only a 5 minute drive to the street that has the two bars and supermarket. There is also a McDonalds and CVS on that street. Unsure if they are hiring. I'm about as isolated as one can get with how densely populated NJ is.
I've made the walk a few times. The walk is about 45 minutes to an hour, depending on the route I take. Winding back roads with no lights at all. Walking through the woods at 1 AM in total darkness isn't fun. As for the car, I've been open to learning to drive recently but the reason I hadn't was because of a traumatic day driving with my mom a month after she had a stroke where she crashed the car three times. I just don't know where to go to learn to drive. I have some family around, but they're too busy to really help me with that I think.
Undead is probably the default. Will of the forsaken makes you a warlock or priest's nightmare and you also have access to another dot that other races don't (devouring plague). Troll's strong racial (Berserking) only gives you a benefit on Mind Blasts and Heals (which may be worthwhile in pvp... kinda meh in pve, but that's not your concern). And from an aesthetic standpoint, undead just always seem like the stereotypical shadow priest to me.
It's more skillful than grinding your face into AV zergfests 18 hours a day basically unable to interact with friends/guildies.
You will want to do the ony attunement but the crit trinket comes from a quest dropping off the last boss of LBRS
Personally, I'm in the "DH is coming sooner rather than later" camp which opens up a spot for aging catchers.
They dont expect the queue to go down, but since they're only competing with their own faction, it doesn't matter. As long as they minimize their downtime in queue, it doesn't matter to them how they get their ranks It's not even pvp at this point to them. Its extended grinding.
Horde do in between 30 minute av queues
I'm laughing at some of these being considered S+. Hell, some aren't even *good* Shaco S+ tier plat+ is a joke. Yi is only good if you have a funnel with him. Some champions ARE too strong. A few aren't even on this list (OLAF HELLO), but a few outliers need to be nerfed. It does feel like there are too many *unfun* champions that need bans though. If I don't want to play against Akali, I probably have to ban Qiyana too because they're obnoxious for the exact same reasons. Then there's Aphelios.
Jungle is currently the lowest impact role in the game overall. Yes, you can influence lanes early on, but you either starve your lanes of experience or wind up 3 levels and an item and a half down on your solo lanes. People will always whine about jungle because they get chainganked by a Lee Sin when shoving into tower for the first 7 minutes of the game but by taking power out of the role, you only get more of that playstyle.
On that list of true stealth champions, all but Qiyana and Akali either are defined by their stealth plays or the stealth mechanic isn't really that big of a deal. Shaco's already in a bad state. Make him obscured on pink wards and he's, once again, countered by 75g. Kha and Wukong are the same way. Their stealth doesn't last long enough to be more than a juke/outplay mechanic. Leblanc and Neeko stealth are both really short range and conditional. Teemo stealth is just a meme. Kai'sa and Vayne stealth are both balanced by being (relatively) short ranged ADCs that need to reposition (but Kai'sa is just broken for other reasons). And then Talon is pretty much defined by his ult. It's the only thing that makes him different than Zed.
Except in soloqueue you could play outside the trinity. Pro play was different. Now, even in soloqueue it's just neverending Elise/Lee Sin/Olaf bullshit.
I told the therapist about her taking my computer cables and her response was "Your property so she can't do that," but I'm just worried if I cut her off like that she'll go to my landlady and say that I'm a "lost cause" or something and she'll kick me out. On the sleep front, yes I am getting far too much sleep. Partially due to boredom, partially due to depression. I'm working on cutting down my sleeping hours, but it's a slow process and my cycle is messed up right now, so I'm up until 8 AM most days. I need to go outside. It's cold, but it's something I need to do. It's one of my reminders on my phone but since my last therapy appointment, I'm 0 for 3 following up. I've been trying mindfulness stuff every since my hospitalization. I would say I'm no longer actively thinking negative thoughts (everything I've said about my aunt isn't me thinking this is what she'll do... this is her SAYING what she will do). On the flip side, it might just be that I've been in a more hypomanic mood lately since I am bipolar. Exercise, on the same front as going outside, is something I need to do but I'm struggling to force myself to do. I definitely see myself as the victim too much and have been told so by my family, but when they say that my illness isn't real and that I'm just lazy in the same breath, it's difficult. My life spiraled in the past few years and I'm really trying to dig myself back out, but my support system is either telling me that my problems aren't real/self-inflicted or that prayer will fix it (my other aunt... prayer is not my thing... nothing against her, but it's just not who I am).
In the lore, Amumu has a curse where anyone he touches dies and that's why he's so lonely.
New smash character was announced. She's a Fire Emblem character, making that 8 from the franchise. Most Smash players have no prior experience with the games and there's very little overlap between the two genres, so there's a good portion who have no interest in trying the games. Combined with the fact that some of the Fire Emblem characters have historically been very strong in Smash as well as some burnout from having far too many characters that a large portion of the demographic have no experience with, leads to quite a bit of hate towards the franchise.
Honestly, I was a student there right before the B10 transition and even the football games were a cool atmosphere when they were competitive. The basketball games... well not so much. I was at the defacto Big East championship game in 2012, where Rutgers led Louisville for most of the game but came up short late to a hurt Bridgewater. That game was *nuts* to be at.
I hate damn near everything Will Ferrell touches and I get crucified for it. The one that really pisses people off is when I say Elf is the worst Christmas movie ever made.
That poem was actually written by Adams' friend Paul Neil Milne Johnstone in real life. Original radio broadcasts actually used his friend's name *and real home address*. It was changed only because of the home address thing.
Battle of the busted ass S10 ADCs Fuck both of these champions.
What if we gave an ADC Xerath Qs as an auto attack?
Senna: Bullshit Xerath-Soraka abomination Aphelios: Bullshit everything Nautilus: Bullshit engage and unkillable Qiyana: The result of giving an assassin a teamfight ult
At least she's straight forward in what she does. Senna gets to heal like a Soraka lane while having Caitlyn tier range. MF also doesn't scale nearly as well as either Aphelios or Senna.
He's been OP since before worlds. He is the most forgiving hook champion, having the easiest hitbox and least punishment for taking a hook. He also has hard CC on 2 abilities and his passive, which makes his gank setup second to none. All while having immense base HP, a large shield and tank resists. Also Aftershock.
Itemization and meta shifts made him (and engage/tank support in general) much better. For a really long time tank supports didn't make much sense because they never had the gold to build actual tank items. Locket change to bonus health and Knights Vow resurgence helped.
Elise cocooned him. Elise was at like 40-50% health. I think she Wed. Then Aphelios got unstunned, autoed once and Qed with flamethrower, deleted the Elise but instantly died to the Elise W and Senna dmg.
Vel'koz is interesting. I'm not sure it's *good*, but it's interesting.
Ah yes. I forgot the epitome of interaction that are waveclear spam mid laners. I don't hate Cass, but Vel'koz just Ws the wave twice and walks away lol.
I still remember him saying the movie end to The Mist was much better than his ending.
Gnar picked top lane. Thousands of top laners cry
Nimbus Cloak saved Elise there. I was like wtf made her speed up.
The useless Elise from Gilius.
Gnar welfare build. Double Dorans Cull Ruby Crystal Tabi.
Elise down 3 levels on top lane, 2 levels on ADC.
Sett is at least only imbalanced number-wise. His kit isn't cancerous like Senna, Aphelios or your flair.
I'm more upset that the play in this meta is to let your jungler end up 5 levels down on the ADC because who needs farm on CC slave junglers.
She just feels overly safe compared to other ADCs like MF, Aphelios and Varus.
Why is that a Nocturne top?
Aphelios just does *everything*, which is the problem. He does massive AoE (sometimes), massive range (sometimes), insane single target dmg (sometimes) and huge sustain (sometimes). It's "balanced" around the fact that you have to plan ahead with which guns you have going into a fight, but each gun is like a separate, fully-functional ADC.
Until the Azir, Rogue was winning that draft I think, but they have no priority mid now and he won't be able to scale the way they thought he would.
This is what happens when people are like "Oh Sett W OP lemme poke with it" then they get all inned while it's on CD and realize that his only good ability is W.
Do we see a Soraka top today?
OG just has their wave management and vision control down really well. Look at Xerxe vs Inspired vision score.
And I feel like Aatrox is a decent matchup for him too. He played the early exceptionally bad.
Well I'd say "poking with W" isn't high on the list of things you should do against Aatrox because anyone competent will just punish your W CD.
He's not supposed to be able to poke. He's an all in kind of champ. He's supposed to lose to small skirmish champs that use their CDs and walk out. The best you can do is use your W AFTER he uses his Qs to trade back the damage he dealt to you.
That top solokill was just so bad on so many levels. Aatrox barely starts to trade and Sett Ws *and continues to fight*. Aatrox hasn't used any CDs yet! You're strong, but you don't get to just punch people to death without your W.
He's really not that good lol... His numbers are high if he gets onto you, but he struggles to do that unless you're a monkey and run at him, which is why people in soloqueue think he's busted.
I wish we'd see more of Diana. She's fun to watch, even if she's a bit too strong.
She doesn't scale TERRIBLY with the crit build. It's not like lethality MF anymore tbh. She's not going to be a Kai'sa or Senna (who, coincidentally scales stupidly well for building lethality) but she's not falling off a cliff.
SK won this in draft tbh. Zoe is questionable, but there's something resembling a comp with Jarvan MF Ornn Rakan.
Qiyana ult continues to be a fair ability. Just... why does an assassin that can go invisible for like 8 seconds need obscene aoe damage and lockdown?
The person who placed the ward replaced it elsewhere to deny the gold for killing it.
I... this is the absolute worst play I've ever seen. YEAH SETT'S NOT HERE lemme engage! Oh wait, my ADC is in base. I can't with these teams.
More importantly, why did he get nearly 100-0ed by Gragas despite not stacking armor.
Last game he fell super behind so he couldn't afford a triforce. This game he's against an Ornn with an AD mid and AD bot. He needed armor shred.
OP.gg has it at 6% play rate in KR Plat+ with a 54% WR. That's a little more than sleeper off-meta.
Uh wtf was that Yas ult
Aphelios R range is fucking stupid. It was like a god damn AOE Ashe arrow.
So yesterday, my friends (one is a savage raider progging E8S right now, the two were new to savage raiding) wanted to do an E5S learning party. I hadn't done savage since Alexander, so I wanted to give it a shot. Except some stuff happened and I was slow joining their party and they only had a healer slot left. I haven't healed... at all this expansion. I only had SCH leveled because I played SMN. I had to quick run and buy Neo-ishgard gear and my relic to get it up to 480. We downed E5S in 41 pulls, but I was *struggling* with the healing at times. I was a WoW healer in the past and I kept falling back into WoW habits. Whack-a-mole healing (topping everyone off instantly at all costs), saving cooldowns for emergencies (and even when emergencies come, refusing to use them) and then just DPS uptime problems as well. Like I know I had to be doing something right to down a savage fight on a role I have no experience on, but how do I break my old healing habits?
My savage raider friends currently run SCH-AST (or did until their SCH dipped), but would prefer a WHM-SCH for progression. They said AST-SCH is the comp you run for speed clears, but AST is just kinda inferior to WHM in pure healing power and inferior to SCH in oGCD options and cooldowns. But it provides a lot more damage to your group than WHM (which has little damage utility) and SCH (which deals less personal damage than WHM, but has Chain Stratagem for 10% crit buff and can afford to DPS a little harder given the fact that most of their defensive kit is off global). AST has a much harder time with mana since their only mana tool is Lucid Dreaming, while the others have job-specific tools as well, but has Divination for a group-wide damage up and the cards/crowns buffs.
So what happened, I think, is that you got your Stormblood PLD quests done during Heavensward and were rewarded with your level 70 relic armor. That was the base gear given to your character at level 70 that got replaced fairly quickly by various other sources (which, eventually, was the Scaeven gear which was endgame tomestone gear at the end of the expansion). Your ilvl is *massively* higher than what is needed for Stormblood because you have end game Stormblood gear in content designed for level 60, haha. You won't change your gear until you can buy the Scaeven gear in Rhalgr's with your poetics.
It's very slow and dry to start, but picks up when you start to unlock group content. There's a patch in the mid-levels (like 30+) where it gets a little irritating again, then there's the post-50 quests... we don't talk about the post-50 quests. However, once you complete the ARR storyline and move on to the first expansion, the game is incredible.
Nothing is going to change, sadly. Nothing would change whether the protests were peaceful, violent or firebombing the White House. Everything is just rotten to its core and nothing will change ever. In short, country's fucked and it doesn't matter who or what lives in that house in DC. It doesn't matter who argues about shit in Congress. Hell, it doesn't even matter what other foreign powers are paying our politicians. Nothing will ever change because far too many people just don't want to upset the status quo. "Well MY family is surviving and if we try to make things better, that might change! Fuck everyone else I got mine" I'm done. I'm 26 and the second I make enough money to do it, I'm moving to Germany.
The problem with AST is that it is noticeably more difficult to play optimally compared to WHM and SCH. AST has lesser healing potencies compared to WHM and not nearly as many off-global options as SCH. AST's personal DPS is lower than WHM, though their group DPS buffs makes them the best healer in terms of party DPS contribution. AST is also weaker in mana management than the other two, given its lack of an in-built mana regen ability like WHM Assize and SCH Aetherflow, instead relying only on Lucid Dreaming, which all healers have access to. In the end, it's a personal preference though. An optimal AST is going to have as much success as an optimal SCH or WHM. You just may find SCH and WHM slightly more forgiving to play.
Why is that Nero cutscene so god damn long? Like yeah, mock Gaius for his monologue, but Nero is an underling that has a crush on Cid. That's it. He's not the big bad or anything.
You should always be using Fleche and Contra-sixte on CD regardless of how many enemies. You'll always have the chance to weave abilities given dualcast.
I know that, but why couldn't his issues be fleshed out in cutscenes that don't have to be repeated 500 times?
Gear never seems to be an issue in FFXIV... until it is. You'll know when the gear is a problem. Particularly as a tank. Good practice is to pick stuff up ever 10 levels or so from local merchants, but you can get away with longer at times. Dungeons will often drop gear that is going to last you much longer than the white vendor gear. You won't find much gear in the 1-50 story, but when you hit 45 and later 50, you get a class specific set of gear that will last for a little bit. You also have the ability to use a currency called Tomestones of Poetics, which you get from content level 50 and above that gives you Ironworks gear (at 50) which will last you well into Heavensward. After you complete the ARR story, the MSQ starts awarding High Quality vendor gear which should be more than enough to get you to the following 10 level mark. Basically, stick with your gear until it feels like you're struggling with things you shouldn't be then pick up some stuff off vendors. Once you reach old level caps, spend tomestones on old endgame gear to last into the next expansion. Slots you didn't fill with that will be covered by the quests. Also, as a word of advice, Weapon &gt; all. If you can get only your weapon OR 4 pieces of armor/accessories, get your weapon.
Outside dungeons, you will never have issues. Things just really aren't hard. In dungeons, if you go one pack at a time, you'll likely never have issues either. The more geared you are, the more you can pull. Also, proper cooldown usage beats gear most times. Don't just pop everything and run in because you'll die the second stuff runs out. Use one, then another, then another. That's really the key to completing the dungeons efficiently. But if you or your healer don't feel comfortable pulling more than one pack at a time, that's fine as well.
If you are a curebot or can't hold aggro, you likely aren't going to accumulate the player comms unless you play 20 hours a day. That's the most difficult part of becoming a mentor.
My take on the shipping. Zuko and Mai are the perfect couple. However, that doesn't mean Zuko and Katara was a bad match. Of course Aang was going to get Katara, but I really feel like their relationship could've been a little less... awkward? So yeah, in the end both of them got the right matches in the end, but how we got to Kataang was a little awkward at times.
Azula is canonically 14. Mai could be 15 and still in the same class. Or, alternatively, the classes could be not grouped by age.
So in this game, you have plenty of stuff to do every day, depending on what your style is. There's raiding, of course. Savage is the high end raiding (excluding Ultimate, which is the ultra-high end and rewards only cosmetic stuff) and rewards gear weekly (if your entire party hasn't cleared that week, you get 3 pieces per 8 people per fight). Outside that, you have daily roulettes, which award experience to alt classes and tomestones that can be turned in for various gear. One roulette (expert) is a level 80 roulette that only has the 2 most recent dungeons and awards a total of 90 of the most recent tomestones, which are used for current endgame gear. You can get 450 a week. There's also Extreme trial farming for cosmetic items like weapons and mounts. They are easier than Savage raids. Of course, you can also level alt jobs and crafters/gatherers. There's also maps, which are group content that you can use to get gil and some cosmetic rewards, as well as some rare crafting mats.
Season 6 had a really bad first service overall. Melinda with the 20 pounds of pasta in the garbage. Louie getting sent home during the first service (which was kinda weird because other people have seemingly screwed up much more than him in first service and made it to elimination at least) And then Amanda, not knowing that she put the Salmon in the freezer.
But I gotta stand at my outer tower in case they 5 man cheese to try to get a turret plate!!!! At least I'm fairly certain that's what my ADCs and mid laners do when I jungle.
What did he think that ult was going to accomplish anyway? He can't be at "One shot the entire team" AP Amumu levels yet given it's 6 minutes in, so what does his R accomplish? No one on his team can gapclose and Ori (the only other one that can nuke from range) is nowhere near.
Most of the American voting public votes for who gets shoved down their throats. The DNC did not want anyone but Biden to win, like they didn't want anyone but Hilary to win 4 years ago. In a fair primary, there would have been a much more competitive race.
Anything that involves real life currency being given to anyone but Square Enix is a no. If caught, you will be banned. Anything that involves someone else logging into your account is also a no and would result in a ban. If you pay in-game currency for a clear, you're fine as long as YOU are piloting your character. I know someone who paid 100M gil for an E8S clear.
There are a few notable trials in the 2.X patches that are relatively difficult, or at least were. One is DEFINITELY still requiring a brain but I've heard the other is much easier than it used to be.
Master+ jungle tier list Nunu and Willump- Ah yes, the early game juggernaut Fiddlesticks- Yep, I can't tell you how many times I've struggled with a Fiddlesticks chain ganking at level 3 Nidalee- Oh look... a champion that actually has early game power! But she also power farms forever too. Evelynn- seriously, 1 out of the first 4 champs can gank Elise- OH LOOK FINALLY an early game powerhouse jungler! After that, it's Rek'sai (early game), Warwick (kinda mid-game), Shaco (mid game), Taliyah (mid-late) and Trundle (early). Karthus still has a 50+% winrate. Zac too. Graves has a 70% ban rate and he is definitely not a chain gank jungler.
Because Grievous Wounds shouldn't be easy to get... When they added Bramble, it essentially removed a few champions from the game. When's the last time you've seen a Mundo? Putting strong item effects on cheaper components was one of the biggest mistakes Riot's made. Stopwatch is a Zhonyas for 650g. Grievous wounds used to be only on Executioners (which cost more than 800) and completed Morello.
Ah yes. They're on my server.
I rarely get WoD actually. I get Labyrinth and Syrcus plenty, but I've gotten Void Ark much more frequently than WoD.
Black Mage is a Caster DPS. They use hard hitting spells that take a reasonably long amount of time to cast. For this reason, despite having one of the simplest "rotations" out there under optimal circumstances, they are actually one of the more difficult jobs because they are severely limited in movement. Any time they spend moving is less time they spend nuking a boss. Bard (the Archer upgrade) is a Ranged Physical DPS. Unlike casters, Bards (and all other ranged physical DPS) are entirely mobile. They have very few, if any casted abilities meaning they are free to move during any attack. They pay for this with slightly lower DPS, but provide more group utility than a Black Mage would. Their difficulty also comes from understanding their rotation, which is much more complex than a BLM.
Toph's story is pretty inconsequential and so is Aang's, but Iroh and Momo's stories are actually really important. Momo's for obvious reasons and Iroh's really shows that he's not a bad guy and is really important context for his actions in the finale of Season 2.
The problem I have with it is that it's just *so* on the nose. Avatar was amazing at subtlety. The Painted Lady was not subtle. At all. It's a skip for me, with Great Divide, but it's definitely better than that was.
I don't know that reference, but &gt;!Asami sure is SOMETHING to Korra!&lt;
We do see a bit of the Fire Nation life in Book 3, though. In The Headband, we see a relatively well-off town and their overly nationalistic and repressive views. They aren't allowed to *dance*. In The Painted Lady, we see a much worse off village that is being ruined by pollution from a factory producing war supplies and is getting no help. It's not as extensive as the view of the Earth Kingdom we get, but you can get the idea that the Fire Nation is an authoritarian regime that *supposedly* wants to share their "perfection" with the world, which is why Sozin started the war, and that they actually give no fucks about their average citizens.
Is a general responsible for the acts of his armies, though? It's not the same as Sozin or Ozai, who ordered mass killings... all we know Iroh did is lead armies to the walls of Ba Sing Se. You can assume that he displaced villages, yes, but assuming he committed war crimes when, even in flashbacks, we are given no reason to believe he'd do so is a bit much.
Also, Giant Water Monster Spirit Kaiju at the North Pole. Like maybe all those soldiers lived being swept under water. Or it didn't count because a spirit was controlling him or something. I won't even count Zhao's "death" because that was the spirit alone, after it left Aang. But Aang definitely has a body count, but because he didn't realize it, it's cool I guess?
That was kinda poor planning on the dev's part. Locking skills behind quests is fine, but I think locking those quests behind story progression, which could be outleveled, might have been a bad idea.
Having watched the sequels, my hatred for the prequels has dulled considerably. Are they good? Absolutely not. But they aren't the dumpster fires that TLJ and Rise of the Skywalker were. Personally, I'd go Original Trilogy &gt;&gt;&gt; Revenge &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; TFA &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Attack of the Clones &gt; Phantom &gt; Rise &gt; TLJ
As fucked as it is, Biden winning is the best outcome possible for America. It's completely fucked and we have 0 good choices, but saying stuff like "Biden is awful and here's a list of everything wrong he's done," even though it's absolutely right and there's no excuse for the shit Biden's done, serves only to improve Trump's chances. The best hope for America is Biden picks a competent running mate, wins and is then impeached for something. God we're fucked.
The problem with that is that a politician that has no values of their own can claim to be listening to the people, when in actuality, they're listening to their sponsors. Also, just because something is popular doesn't mean it's right.
Complete edition should come with 30 free days and that should apply on every platform you register. So basically, you can get the 30 days on PC, then buy on PS4 and get another 30 days.
The potions are called Fantasia and you can buy them on the mogstation. They're on sale right now, actually. However, upon completing the 2.0 (level 50) MSQ, you get one for free.
Raids are entirely optional side content. Every expansion has an 8 man raid series and a 24 man alliance raid series. After ARR, the 8 man raids also have Savage difficulty, which is harder. Raids unlock by doing the unlock quest then completing the fight, which unlocks the next one. Since you have Binding Coil unlocked, you could find a group for that and progress into Second Coil and Final Coil, with a group. I would not recommend that because, honestly, it's really hard to find a group willing to take a non-capped player into old content, even unsynced. The HW, SB and ShB raids all unlock in similar ways and Savage difficulty becomes available after completing a "set" of them (raids are split in 3 sets per expansion because they are released at different times throughout the expansion). Alliance raids are also optional content that you don't need to do. However, unlike the 8 man raids, you CAN find groups for these through the Duty Finder quite easily. Especially the ARR Alliance Raid series, Crystal Tower. It's highly recommended you do that series as it is relevant to the ShB storyline and will become mandatory next patch. The HW one is totally optional, but worth doing. Finally, the SB ones are worth doing because they are a prerequisite for unlocking the ShB Relic Weapons. Lastly, unlocking at least 2 alliance raids allows you to queue for Alliance Raid Roulette, which is one of the better roulettes for experience and tomestones. You'll likely get one of the ARR ones even if you have all of them unlocked, but since you are still in HW, you can ONLY get those anyway.
I don't even know what my main is anymore. Started in ARR. I've always been a caster. BLM sounds good! Let's go with that. Heavensward comes out. Huh, AST sounds cool. I've healed a bit in other games before let's try that. I come back mid-Stormblood. Let's try the new RDM out. Oh I actually like this. Shadowbringers time. The new MCH sounds fun let's level that! Wait no I'm a caster, let's do SMN. Wait that's too irritating for me let's play RDM again. Wait my friends need me to heal for Savage so let's first time SCH in E5S, barely knowing what my abilities do! And clear. Huh maybe I should heal more. So yeah, that's how I became a SCH and RDM and SMN and BLM and MCH player.
If it's a farm party for things like Extreme trials to get mounts, the group is usually "everyone need" or "first-come-first-served" You'd be expected to continue for at least a few more runs after getting yours though in either case. For non-farmed content like roulettes and such, there are no rules.
I mean it's just Azula. She's one of the best villains in anything, ever. Hama was creepy, but a one episode character. Ozai was... boring honestly. Zhao was just a dick. Zuko as a villain wasn't as good as hero Zuko.
The way the MSQ works is that there are 3 separate chains depending on your starting job (and therefore, city). Since you started as Arcanist, you started in Limsa and did quests around there. Had you started at Thaumaturge, you would have started in Ul'dah and done quests around there. Or if you started as Lancer, you would've done quests in Gridania. You gain access to the other cities around 15 in the MSQ and at that point, everyone follows the same quests regardless of their starting job/city. The MSQ will take you through every zone (sometimes multiple times) and city at different points, so don't feel like you neglected Gridania.
Nope. The Ocean Spirit and Aang were wiping out the Fire Nation armies, but after Yue turned into the Moon, the Ocean Spirit left Aang. On its way back to the oasis, he made a pit stop to drag Zhao under. Aang wasn't involved in that, though I'm sure the Kaiju monster killed at least a few soldiers.
Yeah, honestly the only book 3 finale episode that breaks top 3 for me is part 3, but I'm biased because Azula is literally my favorite character. The other ones are all top 10 for sure, but Siege of the North, Crossroads and a few others are all better for me.
What are you ranking them on? How well written the character is? Because then Azula is too low and Suki too high. How likable they are? Hama's not unlikable. Yue would deserve a lot better. And wtf is Bato doing there? I'm just curious what you're trying to convey here because it's not "Evil guy bad, good guy good" because Azula, but characters like Hama and Long Feng seem to be low because they're evil and not because they're not good characters.
Rochelle, Joy and Mary. Mary got robbed, Joy robbed herself and Rochelle was just so bubbly.
The 3-4 countries (maybe even like 5 or 6) makes more sense than 50. But even then, doesn't every country have slight regional differences? I guess they don't have major legal gaps, but is going from Munich to Berlin that different than going from, say Miami to NYC?
I mean that was kinda the point of the Equalists in Korra, no? It got undermined because plot, but even if you took Amon out, he'd be a martyr for that cause. But if plot didn't happen, I'm not really sure how you solve that issue period. Violence would make the cause sympathetic and they couldn't be reasoned with nonviolently.
Natural talent definitely plays a part in a bender's skill, but also training. One of my gripes with LoK is that it normalized a lot of specialized bending techniques. Toph discovered Metalbending out of necessity to escape a metal box but no one had ever done such a thing before. But then every police officer in Republic City is not only an Earth Bender (fair), but a Metal Bender (which we are later shown that not every Earth Bender can do anyway). Then there's Lightning Bending. Ozai, Azula and Iroh are the 3 strongest firebenders in ATLA and Zuko is not far behind them. Only the first 3 could ever generate lightning and it took them considerable effort. In LoK, every schmuck firebender can get a job producing energy at the power plant with lightning bending. So the concept of weak benders and strong benders made more sense in ATLA. Azula was simply better than Zuko, despite the same training. Katara was naturally the best student immediately, despite only training for a month at most. The best example we get of weak vs strong bending in LoK is the waterbending bros from S1 (you know which ones if you've seen it).
I'm the opposite. I rewatched it for the first time the past few days. Season 1 holds up really well, as does 3, but 2 is even worse than I remembered and 4 is just kinda unwatchable for me. The bumbling idiocy of characters like Bolin and Korra when dealing with Kuvira is grating, characters like Mako, Baatar Jr and Wu are just the worst things ever and even Varrick can't save it.
I am a Korra defender, though season 2 was inexcusably awful and season 4 really, really isn't much better on a rewatch. That said, some things are just really annoying. The love triangle in season 1. The normalization of Metal and Lightning Bending. Mako being as interesting as wet cardboard. The neat and tidy way the Equalists were undermined in the end. It tackled a lot more adult themes, like fears (moreso than ATLA) and trauma, not to mention the political stuff (which was, admittedly, drawn out)
I still think removing Toxfin was the move. If you get poison on your Mackerel from a Megasaur, whatever. You really can't reliably get that out without being tier 6, let alone 2 poisoned Mackerels. You could, however, cheese out an early Mackerel, find a toxfin and let your Mackerel and various garbage divine shields carry you to a free level 6. When not poisoned, I don't think Mackerel was unhealthy. And the minor nerf that would prove to Murlocs would be warranted too. Murloc builds rarely relied on toxfins, but it would have been a decent mid-game nerf to them.
Any clue what Pagle's chest does?
If you buy rat, I don't think freezing is justified. Trying to triple a 5 star is risky and Sneeds isn't even a gamechanging minion. If one of your maps is 5 star, I'd use it, but I doubt that one is your 5 star. I'd probably buy Sneeds and freeze, personally. I feel like, on average, a tripled rat is weaker with any 6 star but Mama. I might even sell a murloc and play Goldrinn. Alternatively, you could buy rat, see you got Mama, play Goldrinn, sell the 3 murlocs and buy the Sneeds, leaving you with 5 strong minions instead of just 4 and some garbage.
Yeah, but it's only once a game. Part of the strength of heroes like Deryl (who is great) and Lich (who is okay) is that you can have multiple pop off turns. You may not be able to get a 20 gold turn, sure, but you can get 14 or so gold in value multiple times. Meanwhile, Reno and Alex (which are the other "you get one power spike all game" heroes) are much more high roll reliant. I think Kragg will be closer to Alex in strength. Alex is okay, not amazing. Better than Reno, but nowhere near Deryl. The only reason he'll be better than Lich is that you won't kill yourself.
Executive Producer credits mean nothing for the most part. They may have been involved in a very superficial way, but giving them an EP credit basically says "hey these guys came up with the idea in the first place but the producer is the one who really made this"
But I don't think they're good enough early-mid to actually stand up to other mid game comps. I don't think pirate comps are going to be playable whether you intend to go full pirates or transition out of them. I don't think they're actually strong enough to win mid game fights against even Dragons and certainly not Mechs or Menagerie. They seem to be made to attack murloc players health pools, but that's not even reliable because you might not hit the murloc players.
So Pagle is just awful. 8/5 Overkill summon a token that summons a random golden minion. Look at the pool of all minions. How many golden minions are going to be useful to you by popping out of a box mid-fight? Compare it to Sneeds. 5/7 deathrattle summon a legendary. Yeah, Sneeds is usually 5/7 deathrattle summon zerus, but Pagle is 8/5 POTENTIALLY summon a deathrattle summon any minion in the game. That's not good at all. Eudora hero power is spend 4 mana over 4 turns to have literally anything added to your hand. Hold off til 6? Sure, but you still have a chance to get that sweet, sweet 4 mana golden alleycat. I assume you still get a triple reward (since you do for the golden from a golden Murozond), which makes it better, but way too RNG.
Yeah, but there's a ton of heroes out there that can say the same thing. Flurgl: Well if you don't die, you get free late game murloc comps! Alex: Just hit tavern 5 and you can get kalecgos Reno: If you have a good early game, you can greed for a golden brann, baron or 6 star The problem with that line of thinking is that *any* hero can be good if you have a good early game. People do still win games on shit heroes like Maiev and Putricide, despite barely having a hero power. If you get to late game with a strong board and plenty of health while not having a hero power, you aren't having a typical game.
That seems overly high roll to me. It's basically Shifter Zerus: The Hero Power.
I would hope they are intelligent enough to classify Megasaur as a Murloc card, Zoobot as a Neutral, Juggler as a Demon and Toggwaggle as a Dragon. And some others, I'm sure.
Correction: Eudora isn't DISCOVER a golden minion, but get a RANDOM golden minion from your tier or lower, but also get the discover from a triple.
7k with less than 100 games, thanks. I don't think she'll be good, but I think playing down a single reroll for 3 turns is worth the power spike she gets for a 1 gold triple reward, particularly on level spike turns.
Yet people are calling Kragg broken because you can just play without a hero power and go 4 to 6 in one turn.
lol you're delusional. Eudora will be solidly tier 3 with the other "I don't have a hero power until late game" heroes like Reno and Alex.
No, you're 3k MMR higher than me because you likely play this game 5 hours a day while I play MAYBE an hour and top 4 more than half my games. MMR in this game isn't a measure of skill, it's a measure of time commitment until you hit 11-12k.
The point is I'm not stuck 7k. I'm climbing every day I play, but I don't dump hour after hour into it, meaning I gain a couple hundred MMR a day instead of close to 1500. I might hit 10k in 2 weeks at my rate.
I'd wait for your apology when she turns out to be playable, but I know you lack the self-awareness and would simply argue that stats are wrong.
Okay, let's go with your average game curve 3 gold: buy 4 gold: tier 2 5 gold: (if no token) buy hero power roll, (if token) sell buy buy 6 gold: Buy buy 7 gold: tier 3, buy 8 gold: buy buy hero power roll 9 gold: tier 4, buy, sell, hero power (now either 2 or 3/4) 10 gold: buy and cap off hero power at 3/4 Next turn: tier 5, find golden minion and discover a 6. Let's say you're average here and get a golden 3 star like Screwjank. So let's say your board is an average menagerie board of stuff like Rat, Bronze Wardens, the 4/4 dragon, maybe a harvest golem and a spawn or two. You probably aren't taking absurd amounts of damage with a board like that, but you're clearly not going to even crack top 4 with that. Yes, you're relying on the 6 star RNG (Zapp Imp Nadina would be near useless with that kind of board), but I fail to see how "play down a gold for 3 turns, discover a 6 star for 1 more" is worse than Waggtoggle or Sindy, who are garbage, but not on the level of Jaraxxus, Illidan and Maiev.
The are two situations where you cast Verthunder or Veraero without dualcast. 1. Prepull with a countdown into a dualcast of the other one. 2. Using swiftcast to fish for a fire/stone proc. Swiftcasted spells don't give dualcast, but they can still get a fire or stone proc, so swiftcast is a DPS gain over a hardcasted jolt.
I personally wouldn't start a fight with a swiftcast. You should use it so that every other one would fall in your Embolden, but it's overall not a huge deal. With a pull timer, I go acceleration &gt; Thunder prepull &gt; aero &gt; fire thunder &gt; stone aero with the goal of hitting 40+ on both manas. I pop Embolden around the first hardcast-dualcast combo, then manafication at 40/40.
Usually you don't want to swiftcast with acceleration. It feels wonky for some reason.
I'm grinding an Anima weapon. I'm already insane.
I'd go level, roll down to 0 to see if you hit a hydra, direhorn or mama. If you don't, sell highmane, play hydra to triple. Now you have 2 slots. Play hydra and see if you get a mama. If you do, sell a direhorn for it and play ghast. If you don't, it's dependent on which 6 you got whether you sell a direhorn or not.
The "early access" they got was tournament realm accounts with 4 streamers and 4 game devs, with a streamer being paired with a dev.
Early Access usually implies something like "Preorder (Thing) to get access to (Thing)'s content a week before anyone else!" I mean if it weren't streamers and were just 8 Blizzard devs doing it, would you call it Early Access or just a preview stream?
I'll do you one better... two games in a row of divine shield poison murlocs getting first place for me... without seeing a single Brann. Of my 4 games today, the winner was Dragons or Murlocs in all 4. So much for Pirates being the mid game greed killer meta.
Russell and Sabrina. WTF is Nedra doing on this list? And I have no memory of Melissa or Carol
I don't really mind the shouty confessionals that much, but I hated Zach because he was a slimy, conniving motherfucker. I don't think I've ever seen someone openly admit they sabotaged someone.
Razorgore gains +2/+2 (when golden) for every dragon in play per turn. Since there were 6, it's gaining +12/+12 a turn. The monkey pirate dude gains +4/+4 (when golden) for every golden minion in play per turn. Since there are 7, it's gaining +38/+38 per turn.
Golden Zerus-Megasaur while having something resembling a decent midgame murloc comp Okay then.
In my opinion, pirates are better than I expected (I thought they were dumpster, Jaraxxus tier), but they aren't GOOD unless they highroll like crazy. I saw Dog literally go infinite with Patches and a golden Hoggarr and a regular one to buff his Crowd Pirate. The only thing that beats that is god murlocs, but that's also a lot harder to find than god murlocs. Outside comps like that, I don't see them as more than a top 4 comp with any consistency, which is fine, but I think stuff like Saurolisk builds just are safer top 4 comps and murloc/dragons/beasts are all much better at actually WINNING.
If you're not Reno, you had every single Eliza in the pool. Even if you're not, that's 5 Elizas which is nuts. This is not a typical game.
"And she SNORES" -Sabrina Russell was also the most chauvinistic guy ever as well as literally blaming his team for costing him in the final service, vowing to make sure they never work in his town.
You can be good and an awful person, though. You're not asking the worst cooks... you're asking the most despicable people and they are two of the worst people ever on the show.
I don't think 5/5 on the hydra is worth losing a Direhorn pair or a Highmane.
The huge pirate comps need, at a minimum, 2 Hoggarrs, a golden Looter and a near endless supply of pirates (2+ per roll). With 2 Hoggarrs, you can cycle pirates for free (or at a 2 gold profit with the 3/3). The best pirate comp I ever saw was a gold hoggarr, regular hoggarr, 2 gold salty looters, a goldgrubber and patches hero power. You can't cycle fast enough. You'll play 20+ pirates a turn and still end on 5+ gold easily.
Well Day 1 stats are in. Eudora's average placement in all lobbies (6k+ because I don't have HSReplay premium) is 4.5, which puts her better than I thought. And she's being picked 75% of the time (to be expected). You were saying?
What caused you to lose? Did you get Zapped or something? Or did you just go second and have Baron or both Macaws sniped?
From watching high MMR streams, Patches is A tier, Hooktusk is S+ tier, Kragg is probably B-C tier as is Eudora. Illidan is probably up from Avoid tier to maybe D tier. AFK is not nearly A tier... she's closer to F tier now and has been for a while. Rat probably drops to D tier. ~~Until fixed, Maly is avoid tier.~~ Maly is fixed already mb.
I can tell you Bene takes longer to "hit" than any other instant heal I've seen on any of the healing classes. Essential Dignity, Lustrate, Assize, Tetra and even Excog all affect health much faster. The only comparison I can make is the SCH Faerie abilities (Blessing, Whispering Dawn, Union, Seraph) which are delayed because the Faerie is casting them.
As far as Neo-Ish gear, yeah you can drop ~1M and get a full set (along with the 485 resistance weapon for free... just need to complete the SB alliance raid series). If you don't want to spend gil, you can farm phantasmas and get 460, farm E1-4 (with no lockout) for 450 gear, E5-8 for 480 gear (1 token per fight) and Allegories (450 a week) for 490 gear.
I would play the Mama before I play the Tripled Hydra, so it would be a 4/8 + 3/2 (from the current buffs) + 5/5 for 12/15. I think the value of the Direhorn or Highmane is better than the 5/5 stats on Hydra.
All in favor of making Macaw a 3 star at least? I feel like it wasn't playtested well because it's just a broken card. It's good early-midgame with a Bomb or Spawn or even Rat. It's great late game in Baron comps.
This isn't a question, but I wanted to share my stupidity. So I've been having trouble identifying boss abilities. I'd assumed I just needed to know them by the boss's movements and the sequencing on the boss. Well, I realized today that, somehow, my target cast bar had gotten turned off. This is why I got hit by the damage down on E5S, the half-room cleave on Grand Cosmos last boss and a bunch more. How am I so dumb?
Neither did I. I don't know how, when or why I did that, but hopefully it makes me suck less.
All DoH need stuff from BTN and MIN, except CUL, which needs some stuff from FSH. Stuff like WVR or ALC pairs better with BTN and GSM or ARM with MIN, but you'll need MIN stuff for WVR/ALC and BTN stuff for GSM/ARM There are a few things you'd need ALL DoL for for every DoH, but the primarily, the items you'll need are going to be MIN/BTN for everything but CUL, which needs a little FSH stuff but kinda equal that to non-FSH drops.
Yes, but his early strength is a lot more random now that Beast isn't always his first. Before, you'd hope you rolled a Saurolisk or Alleycat turn 1 for a 4/3 or a 2/3 and 1/1. Now, you have to hope you get a hero power matching the minions on board. Demons and you pull a fiendish or homunculus? Great. Mechs and you pull 2 righteous and an alleycat? Kinda meh. Rat king really needs to snowball early into a strong transition to win lobbies. It might not be quite D tier, but it's not very good.
It's almost like every autobattler game has a comp that just instantly wins late game if you hit it but it's hard to actually hit!
And lost lol
Uh yes they are. You literally have to complete Cosmos and Anyder to complete the 5.2 and 5.3 MSQs.
SAM doesn't IIRC, but the others all do.
The Neo-ishgard gear is better than the tomestone gear you get for the uncapped Phantasma tomes. If you aren't in a hurry to do end-endgame stuff (like Savage), you can just follow the old gear progression: 450 tomestone gear (uncapped), 450 Eden 1-4 gear (uncapped), Copied Factory gear (uncapped), 485 resistance weapon (free after completing the Stormblood alliance raids), 480 Eden 5-8 gear (one token per boss per week) and 490 tomestone gear (capped at 450 tomes a week). There's also some filler gear (455 I think?) that drops in the Expert dungeons that you unlock in the 5.2 and 3 MSQs. The cost of the 480 neo-ishgard gear isn't too steep anymore, so you can skip a large amount of grinding if you want, but it's not super important. The bulk of your gearing is going to come from Tomestones of Allegory (the 450 a week kind) and, potentially, Eden 5-8 Savage gear (500, locked to up to 3 drops per boss per GROUP per week)
The Sharlayans are virtually extinct, so the stereotypical AST is going to be Ishgardian, no? I misspoke when I said Far East. I was referring to the two Stormblood areas as the Far East as a whole, forgetting that Ala Mhigo is Eorzean. ALL promotional material for DNC is based around a Viera. Clearly Square Enix is trying to push them as the DNC ideal.
I don't really follow up with my retainers as much as I should, but even high level Quick Exploration can find valuable minions.
\&gt;Mechanic heavy fights \&gt;Syrcus Tower Pick one
The best Hooktusk strat is the degenerate Saurolisk strat. Hero powering a 1 drop gives a 1 drop. Say you get garbage round 1... Righteous for instance. You hero power it and hope you hit a Saurolisk. Turn 2 comes and you hopefully have a Saurolisk now. Play it. Hero power your non-Saurolisk. Take Saurolisk or any deathrattle. Repeat this over and over until you have like 3 golden Saurolisks. Then level and play Macaw Goldrinn Baron.
Each week, if the entire party hasn't cleared yet, bosses drop 3 items as well as consolation tokens. If you''re uber lucky and clear all 4 fights in a 2 chest pug, get all items and they're unique slots, you can get 12 items a week. Realistically, you might get 2 pieces per 4 bosses you clear.
AST is in the best state it's ever been in. If you went into a raid with a healer comp of WHM/AST in Heavensward you were literally trolling, that's how bad Nocturnal AST was. Diurnal was slightly better, but you were a shitty WHM that played solitaire mid-fight. 5 of the 6 cards on release were situational at best and absolutely useless at worst (Spire says hello!) I don't know how Stormblood was for AST, but given the fact they got a rework I can't imagine they were that good. So if you preferred saying "Fuck, useless card" 5/6 times you drew a card and running around hoping the stars aligned and you could throw out an aoe damage buff once so you could increase its duration, good for you I guess?
Wiki says Gosetsu is a Roe. Yeah but everyone just kinda assumes they've upgraded to their jobs now. Like Alphinaud is some weird Arcanist/Scholar hybrid. Alisaie is straight up a RDM now. "Yda" went from Pugilist to MNK. Krile got introduced as a WHM straight up. Yugiri was always a Ninja, not a rogue. So it's kinda dependent on how the writers were feeling any given day I guess.
At 20 an hour?!?! I have fucking Culinary degree and no restaurant I've worked at has paid line cooks more than 15 to start.
They do actually do elemental weakness... for players. Titania water pools give fire resistance up, so the fire attack hurts less. There's a couple other examples, but it's not super relevant for anything but handling fight mechanics.
Except Parrot Spawn can carry you through the midgame with literally any on curve minions. I had an early golden parrot, a regular parrot, a spawn, 2 hydras and 2 random taunts that got me to top 3 until I eventually found the 2nd golden parrot, baron and goldrinn, which won the game *easily*. Parrot needs to be at least a 3 star. 4 star with higher statline might be a better nerf. This card is not balanced as a 2 star.
Yeah the god beast build loses to divine poison murlocs UNLESS you have 2 cleaves that hit well.
Yes. They make a point to show the full moon in the background of a few shots on their travels.
The difference is that the Avatar villains are outwardly evil and everyone knows it. Korra villains are evil but Korra refuses to acknowledge it.
It's insanely clear that Unalaq and later Kuvira were manipulating everything to take control for themselves, but Korra continues to help them despite others (her father and Su) seeing through the bullshit. Just because the villain thinks they're doing right doesn't make the villain compelling or convincing.
Remember, though guys ADCs are worthless. That's why this game is Yuumi/Ezreal poke vs "Can Aphelios one shot the entire enemy team with R"
If top lane meta is Ornn vs Maokai, Odo is gonna struggle. He was like "Guys I can get on Ezreal!" and Comp just jumps away and Odo forgot that his team was on the other side of 2 walls.
Have the Zoe or Azir actually damaged anyone in the last 20 minutes?
Skarner got objectives, I guess... but he also had giga bot pressure compared to Aphelios Lulu. But neither are doing anything at all. VIT is only winning because Yuumi is a broken piece of shit that you can't punish and Graves forgot that there are two tanks and a Yuumi before he bought duskblade.
If he builds IBG, what does Ornn upgrade for him? No excuse for not building DD, but TF upgrade &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Bork upgrade
Schalke's coach should be fired. Yeah, the players are idiots for not building Grievous Wounds, but that feels like a coaching issue as much as a player having no brain issue. And there's no excuse for their draft.
The ATLA cast being naive makes sense because they are barely teenagers. Korra is older than them, Mako and Bolin grew up on the streets and Asami is a fucking captain of industry! A lot of things had to happen for Azula's plan to work. She had to capture Suki and the other Kyoshi Warriors. She had to disguise herself as them and get into Ba Sing Se. She had to have the majority of Team Avatar leave the city at that very moment. The king had to be a naive fool from being handled his entire life. AND she needed Zuko to join her in the end. Subtlety isn't the Fire Nation's forte, she just had a really unique opportunity.
I don't hate Korra. I love Season 1, minus the awful love triangle. I think a lot of the world they created is really cool. I also love Season 3. I just think Season 2 and 4 don't hold up very well on rewatch because it's beyond frustrating how oblivious characters are to the evil of the villains.
Wait... you take Gragas. You take Nautilus. You take MF. You take Orianna And you round it out with... Aatrox? What does Aatrox DO here?
But that doesn't seem to be the point of their teamcomp. Ornn can, at worst, lose gracefully against Aatrox and then you have Aatrox in a late game scenario with a bunch of teamfight wombo.
Nukeduck's Orianna isn't... good. He's really poorly positioned and going for solo ults when big wombo ults are kinda what they need.
How did SK just take baron virtually uncontested? What is OG even doing?
What the fuck is Nukeduck *doing*?
Given the fact that mid lane has been largely inconsequential and it's been on ADC and support to carry so far today, TF actually seems fine. Because TF sure as fuck does nothing in lane.
So... when is the Lee Sin going to be an early game powerhouse this game? Because he went Tiamat so he can hope to farm I guess
Wait, when did AP Cho'gath become a pick?
They put it back because it was too easy to just walk away from a TP, which kinda ruins the strategic plays you can make with it and relegated the spell to "This is just a free back"
Broxah was literally the 2nd best jungler at worlds 2 years ago.
It's the only way TF actually deals damage. AP TF is a stun card bot that can clear waves.
It's almost like building your roster around the whims of an EU midlaner who was maybe 2nd best in his region 6 years ago isn't a good idea. But no, it's everyone else's fault.
The world that AP TF is trolling? Because AP TF deals 0 damage. At all. You might get the ADC to 40% health with W-Eauto-Q as AP TF with Lich Bane, Deathcap and Zhonyas. AD TF can actually threaten to kill someone. AP TF is a support.
Turning back to gold card the GP 1v5, getting hit by a dredge line-auto THEN flashing away. What the fuck.
Everyone says the meta is to goon squad bot because ADCs are free gold. No, the reason you goon squad bot is so that the free gold ADCs don't get to delete your entire team with no way to stop them. How do you stop a free farmed Ezreal with 2 tank items and 40% CDR?
Like I was uberfed on Evelynn one game (had 15 stacks of mejais at the time) but the enemy Jinx had 4 items (IE, Runaans, PD and DD). I *charmed* her, and full comboed and she lived and killed me in 3 autos and ended the fight at full health. How is this reasonable? And it was a JINX. Imagine if it were an Ezreal.
If you're in position to get gold carded on cooldown without knowing where the enemy jungler is, there isn't a summoner spell or champion in the world that can help you. "Hmm. TF just gold carded me and the enemy jungler tried to follow up, but I cleansed at walked away 5 seconds ago. Let me walk right back up to TF now! Sounds smart." Like yes, you can only cleanse once every minute or two, but you can also not play like a spaz and avoid putting yourself in position to get jumped on. Do you make a habit of walking up to Malzahar when you don't know where the enemy jungler is? Or facechecking a Skarner?
I had no problem with Korrasami because there were moments in season 3 and 4 that made me go "huh... that's a little more than friendly" but the hand holding was as much as they could do on Nick to confirm it I think. It's spelled out explicitly in the comics, but the show left it ambiguous because homophobia. I liked how the villains all had motivations beyond "RAWR I AM EVIL" like Ozai, but, like I said in another thread, Unalaq and Kuvira's rises to power are entirely dependent on Korra being stupidly trusting. Amon was a good villain until SURPRISE he's a waterbender so his entire revolution is undermined and... sorta goes away despite being strong enough to overpower the police and military. Zaheer was fine. Mako is a terrible character most of the time and I cannot stand him. But my biggest gripe, which is probably more to do with the way the show was handled by Nick, is how Korra regresses at random. She grows incredibly in Seasons 3 and 4, but all of her growth from 1 to 2 is ruined and so is most of her growth from 2 to 3.
1. I agree that sometimes it felt forced, but there were a lot of times when it didn't and it worked. 2. He is a kid scared of his responsibilities as the avatar. 3. Fine. 4. Agreed on The Great Divide, but Ember Island Players was excellent as a sort of clip show, a brief respite before the very heavy finale and also some really good meta humor. 5. It's hard to rank the seasons best to worst because each season had high points and low points. Overall, I feel like Season 2 had the most strong episodes. Very rarely was there an episode that felt like a miss to me. Personally, I enjoyed a lot of the Season 2 episodes others dislike (Avatar Day, Serpents Pass), but there also weren't many WOW episodes. Season 2 is more consistently good while Season 3 has much higher highs (finale, the puppetmaster, boiling rock part 2) but much lower lows (the Headband, the Painted Lady). Season 1 is clearly trying to get its footing, but Siege of the North is one of my top 5 episodes. 6. Disagree. The charm of this show is that it's got something for everyone. Kids can enjoy it because it's fun and colorful and action packed, while adults can enjoy its storytelling, character development and themes.
I'm doing a rewatch myself. I haven't gotten to book 3 again yet. Right now I'm right past the first Avatar stuff in book 2. I still love book 1. There are low points, like the love triangle and the fact that this bubbling tension between benders and nonbenders immediately fades when Amon is exposed, but Korra felt human, Amon felt threatening and the worldbuilding was really cool. Then book 2 throws it all out the window. The animation noticeably gets worse. Unalaq is outwardly evil from the get go and Korra agrees with him. She's rash and angry and hateful and all the things she worked through in book 1. I remember disliking book 2 when I first watched, but holy shit is this bad. Book 3 was much better as I remembered.
Dissipation is your "Oh shit I need to burst heal NOW" button. Use it when you're out of Aetherflow, Aetherflow is on CD and you need to spam Lustrates to keep the tank alive or when you really need extra healing power. I also like to use it on easy stuff that I don't have to heal on to get more Energy Drains off. Recitation is something you use in many different situations. The auto crit is really strong for an Adlo cast during big trash pulls, granting the tank the Galv and Catalyze shields. You can also use it for a free crit Excog or Indom without using a stack. I rarely use it on Succor because if I'm relying on a crit Succor to save the fight, I've blown through a lot of other options first. So basically, if the tank is pulling big and you want to get more AoW casts off to do damage, Recitation an Adlo on the tank. If the tank is dying, use it for a free, autocrit Excog. If the group is dying, use it as a free autocrit Indom. If the group is dying and Indom is on CD, use it for a free autocrit Succor.
Whenever you unsync, you are not able to get *dropped* loot. However, many items come from the chest upon completion. That never changes. For Garuda/Ifrit/Titan, that means the accessories will drop for you unsync, as well as the potential for their mounts. The later extremes can also drop mounts but also drop the weapons. ALL of them can drop the crafting material used for the glowy weapons or various furniture items as well as orchestron rolls.
Yeah I had the names backwards in my head for some reason.
Like I said in my post, I'm usually more of a Recitation-Adlo Scholar myself. Put the mega shield up on the tank and smack the ground over and over, letting my shield, excog and 2 lustrates keep him up during trash. In raids, I'll use it for Indom more than anything, mostly because I forget to use Deploy a lot.
Then you got me, who is the "How low can I make the tank go before he freaks out" healer I know it's Expert, but on big trash pulls in Expert, I put my shield and Excog on the tank, spam AoW and once the excog pops I'll double lustrate him. I'll literally go 10 seconds without casting a heal with 20 mobs bashing the tank's face in.
This overlay hurts my eyes...
This overlay is so awful. The reason you never changed the overlay was because it was basically the in game overlay. This has all the info scrambled all over the place in weird spots.
I want to see if yesteray was a fluke for MSF (in terms of their good play) because they *really* sucked today. I don't know if it's tilt, inconsistency or them just being bad but FNC was somehow worse for 30+ minutes.
Show me a pro-level Karma game, please. I have no clue what she's supposed to do. Her peel is weak. Her shielding is weak. She can't heal. Her only strength is her poke, but it's not super oppressive under normal circumstances and it's worse when there's heals on the enemy team. Is it for the shield speed up initiation? Why not pick something that... ACTUALLY initiates?
Voli flip was a pretty iconic ability for him, but that's gone, so I wouldn't be surprised if they go.
I can't envision bot lane Syndra. Rekkles doesn't really do mages, does he? That feels like a waste.
What's going to be left for Rekkles? MF? Oh nvm they left Kalista.
That just feels like a waste of his mechanical skill, though.
I hate, hate, hate Corki. I know it's been working for the better mids, but it's an ADC playing mid, meaning he doesn't do anything until 2 items.
So I guess Hylishit didn't show up today so far. Why are you so fucking schizophrenic dude?
Nemesis already has more map presence on a fucking Corki than TF.
Bwipo and Hylissang share one brain. They pass it back and forth every other day.
Comp's scaling guys don't worry. He'll up that 311 damage
He smited to survive the balance that is Aphelios Infernum R.
If he wasn't uber behind, he kills Selfmade before the fight even starts. Baroning against Aphelios is a fucking coinflip because he gets to do more damage than a Karthus ult instantaneously, from 1200 range in that situation.
Oh absolutely. She does the same to nearly every ADC. But that doesn't excuse being able to do 1000 damage from Caitlyn ult range in aoe at baron pit. He's not overpowered in any other situation, but baron plays against Aphelios always feel doomed because he is just going to R from out of retaliation range, nearly delete your entire team and hope somone (ideally his jungler) can steal baron in the chaos.
OG inted draft already. Left Yuumi and Ezreal up, leading to Ezreal first pick and they weren't prepared to take the Yuumi.
They outdrafted themselves... they left Ezreal and Yuumi up. That's fine because you'd be prepared to take the leftover after first pick. But they didn't want Yuumi/Aphelios, for some reason and left it. That is an int draft. Leaving Yuumi up after they picked Ezreal is just inexcusable.
Except how does Ezreal die with a Yuumi sitting on him. You have no lockdown. At all. Are you relying on a Sett flank engage on him?
So the Wukong is going to be useless now, right?
7 flashes in a fight with 4 champions. Zoe!
Nukeduck is actually washed though.
Was gonna say OG is afraid to make a play, but then I remembered they actually can't make a play with their teamcomp.
OG and useless baron buffs. Name a more iconic duo.
What is that fucking Aphelios shield? It's half his health bar!
Jhin just goes against the design philosophy of the role. He isn't a poke champion like Varus, so Lethality isn't a thing. But at the same time he can't freefire DPS a tank like any other ADC because he doesn't gain attack speed. His autos are basically just spells, meaning he's an ADC that doesn't have an oppressive early game, but isn't able to battle tanks in late game so he's impossible to play competitively. Everyone brings up the Jhin clip of him getting soloed by a Thresh, but Jhin can't deal with a tanky champion. That's the point. Show me an Aphelios or Ezreal or even a Caitlyn or Jinx (who AREN'T strong) getting handled by a Thresh and I'll say ADCs are weak.
I think that game goes differently if: 1. Jankos doesn't int under tower at level 4 2. Wunder plays a champion he's comfortable on and doesn't int early game.
He'd probably be just as useful on Yuumi lol. Soraka is more skillful than either of them, somehow.
Yeah, but at least she has to present herself unlike Yuumi or Lulu. Lulu just sits backline and Ws anyone that attempts to flank. Yuumi is perma untargetable.
Welp, that's it for us Kayn players. He got picked. Olaf'd next patch incoming.
Good play Bjerg. Chase the Trundle and die to the TP. Sick player.
So let's list here: Dardoch- Fine he's not great, but he did okay before Kobbe- We saw what Kobbe could do yesterday, but I'll wait until I say he's actually good Akaadian- fine not great Grig- much better before Zven- Much better before AND after Mithy- Much better before Hauntzer- lol you're gonna say Hauntzer sucks Svenskeren- again, great when not on TSM
Why is CLG so bad? I'd think Pob and Stixxay could at least contest the mid-lower tier teams, but I guess not?
He's played like that for years now.
We found the new scapegoat guys! Parth must go! All of TSM's problems will finally be solved! It's everyone but Bjerg's and Regi's faults.
You need to be Leader (promoted "officer" of the Linkshell) or Master (creator) to invite people.
To be fair, it's not like $280 million just ceased to exist. It got spent paying people and buying things. I don't think that 280 million in the banks of whatever movie production company (Paramount was it?) is any better than 280 million actually being spent.
In a series that isn't afraid of gay characters, no, they were just friends. There are 4 confirmed LGBT characters in the shows (5, if you count Kyoshi's lover that wasn't in the show). Kyoshi, Korra, Asami and Aiwei (which was randomly asked and confirmed by the creators... not sure why someone wondered about a relatively minor character's sexuality given 0 hints, but w/e)
I lived with my Aunt for a few months. I'm not a night shifter, but my hours were usually in the 4P-1A range. I would get screamed at for sleeping until 2. "Normal people get up at 7 AM every day!"
I know a lot of gay guys and bisexual women, but barely any bisexual guys or gay women. It just feels like not being explicitly straight is more "acceptable" for women than men, which is fucked. It also feels like women accept that sexuality is a spectrum and they could be attracted to men or women, while men who are attracted to men often say "I'm gay and only gay"
So you just have an issue with transpeople (transphobia), bi guys (fine, but you're just limiting your dating pool), DL guys (fair), group sex (fair), partying (the one I truly agree with), and poly relationships (fair, I guess). But still, it shouldn't make you feel disgust. Part of your argument is that a trans man can fool you and that would make them be in the wrong, yes, but you shouldn't let how others feel about you... especially when it's a POSITIVE reaction... affect you.
Cartoons count? Zuko.
Even 60 years ago, being gay was considered mental illness. How is being born a woman but feeling like a man any less okay than a man loving a man? Your beliefs come from a place of hate and ignorance.
HEY GUYS APHELIOS IS BALANCED NOTHING TO SEE HERE
No champion should be able to win a 1v4 with the team down 10k gold by standing still and autoattacking and eating every ability, under ANY circumstances.
I like how Destiny is basically a Naut one trick, but can only be passable when you hide him on Lulu.
I think Destiny has fucked up every single ability this game. What was that lantern?
This game is probably giving LS an aneurysm.
Stopwatch is the biggest non-champion fuck up Riot's ever made. Like, yeah stuff like Yuumi is an abomination, but you can at least ban her. Fuck stopwatch used to be literally put in your inventory for free around like level 5 just by taking Inspiration tree. Now, at least if you want free stopwatch, you need to wait forever. Zhonyas active was always the reason you bought the item. Not *necessarily* the armor. Not the AP. Not the CDR. But then they put Zhonyas-On-A-Stick in the game for 650g or a mastery pick and made Zhonyas stats strong on top of its busted active. AND they gave the Zhonyas active to classes of champions that aren't supposed to have it.
I'm glad that it's been a little over 2.5 years since Stopwatch was introduced and we're still in League of Stopwatch despite constant nerfs to it. Zhonyas active is too strong to be available for 650g or a rune choice, even if it is one time use. And it's too widely available.
My problem with it is it in pro play is that it is a proactivity negation tool. "Hey guys let's set up a dive bot lane. We can kill Thresh for sure" "Nah he has stopwatch so they'll just TP on us" And they go back to farming forever.
If VIT's comp wasn't utter ass even in the depths of soloqueue, I'd say they had a chance this game now.
I hate this ADC meta, but if it means G2 sucks, I'm okay with it.
Zuko often references a time when things in his childhood were happy, before his father started hating him. I'd imagine that things were different for Azula during that time as well. You can *see* humanity in Azula, even in the show. The Beach episode in particular.
I'm fairly sure Seraphs on Orianna isn't what you do right? Every Ori I've seen in pro play goes GLP.
They REALLY tried to save Special with those ults. Ori ult pulls him away into Gragas cask knocking him farther.
It's pretty clear that Rekkles is the best player in EU and among the best in the world.
So they did break up, but it's not established who was Fire Lord Izumi's mother and Mai is the most logical option. Someone mentioned that Izumi means something related to that flashback where Zuko and Mai fell in the pond. I can't remember exactly, but it's logical to assume Zuko and Mai were the endgame relationship there.
I am neutral to pretty much every ship (except Zuko-Mai, who are perfect for each other,and Korrasami, which was developed as well as it could have been). I can see the Zutara people's point of view. However, Aang and Katara got together. Get over it. Just because I *feel* like Zuko and Katara displayed more chemistry than Aang (the 12 year old monk) and Katara doesn't mean that I feel like Zuko and Katara should have *been* together. I just feel like they shared more emotional moments, but many of them didn't have true romantic undertones.
3 of the top 4 on that thread were from Avatar when I looked. Sokka was number 1, Zuko 2, someone else 3 and Azula 4 (though the poster acknowledged that Zuko's grew more, he just wanted to post a unique character)
I could do with a PG13, which is honestly what Korra felt like given the violence and themes shown. R rating typically is reserved for extreme, particularly gorey violence, vulgar language and sex/nudity. Violence in ATLA and even LOK was never nearly to the point of R rating. Think Saw as being the level of R rated violence. Avatar compares more to Marvel movies. There's no real reason to increase the violence levels for no reason. Language would take away a lot of the charm. I'm not gonna say using the word "ass" now and then instead of "butt" ("I'm gonna kick his butt" just feels overly childish to me I guess) would be out of place, but I can't imagine any character, even the villains like Azula, being vulgar. Sex and nudity is just a no. Hard no.
It's implied they did eventually do it that night though haha. Next morning, Sokka is playing with a string necklace of flowers... in other words, he got Lei'd. That's one of the more clever background things they did in the show imo.
When Sokka said maybe don't go murdering people, she lashes out and says "Maybe you just didn't love mom like I did"
Azula was and is my favorite character in any media. She is the best villain ever written.
I've said this before. The creators of this show are not afraid of gay characters. They made two of the main characters of Korra bi (at least), as well as Kyoshi and (for some reason) Su's advisor dude that betrayed them. If Sozin was supposed to be gay, I feel like they would have said something. Pointing out the subtext is fine, but someone a few days ago was like "Yeah Sozin and Roku were def fuckin'" which is just weird to me.
I haaaaate Meelo. Yes, he is a kid. But he's not funny or charming or cute. He's irritating. Hahaha he's fart bending! How precious. He's also like 6 or 7 and acting like a creep to women, which is just flat out weird. I don't know if he was supposed to be unlikable or what, but Korra had decent amount of allied characters that were just irritating and gross (Meelo and Wu mostly). I don't even get what they were going for with him. They wrote two really good kid characters in Jinora (who is a highlight of Korra) and Ikki (who is, at worst, an irritating girl but that's fine)
It worked with Aang being silly because he had the rest of his personality to ground him. Meelo's entire personality is HAHA FARTS
My opinion on it is fairly neutral. I enjoyed it all the way through on first watch. I didn't feel like parts of it held up on second watch, but it was mostly just "This feels like a step down in quality from Avatar" and not "This is garbage and filth why would you want to watch this" Mostly
Hooktusk is OP Macaw should be bumped up at least to tier 4 Saurolisk is busted, especially in games without murlocs. Demons are surprisingly fine imo. They get run over by murlocs, yeah, but they can hold up to the beast comp okay. Damage is stupid right now. It makes no sense to take 20 damage from 3 minions spawning a bunch of shit.
Because it's a visual pun. He got "Lei'd" or "laid"
Yeah, a necklace of flowers is called a Lei.
But this wouldn't represent a function. Yeah, you can model the data based with a function, but this would be a representation of data. Let's say the scale from the axis to the dotted line is like 0-5. Then the next data point is 200000000. The curve modeling that would look like a straight line given the axis boundaries, no?
Disagree with a couple, mainly Yue's sacrifice not being the Siege of the North Part 2 one and Mai or Ty Lee's betrayal in Boiling Rock part 2.
They could have said it afterwards easily. They've answered questions about random side character's sexualities (Aiwei is apparently LGBT like I said), so I don't see a reason they wouldn't say word of god whether Sozin was a closet case.
In LoK Jinora ends up there and meets Wan Shi Tong. She says something similar to "I could stay here forever" and wan shi tong says "That's what the last human said" and it pans to a skeleton
Toph had been living in the swamp for like 20 years. She is capable of seeing her daughters through the vines. She likely can feel the spirit of Korra and recognize her as the Avatar. ~~Or I'm just trying to justify one of the major fanservice pander moments that makes negative sense really.~~
It's a completely asinine stat that is supposed to show who actually performed the best in the game. Meanwhile, I have a 30/2/15 Kayn game and the 2/8/10 Lux support is "MVP"
Ursa didn't hate Azula. Azula *thought* Ursa hated her. Even when Ursa was fleeing after the assassination, she begged to take BOTH of her children with her. Ozai said if she took her kids, he would kill *all* of them. Ursa did show favoritism to Zuko, which was a contributing factor to Azula's mental state, but she still loved Azula.
That was the intro for only the first episode. Every episode after that was the abridged one with "Only the avatar can master all the elements and bring balance to the world" ATLA had an extended intro for the first episode (or two? I can't remember) too, so the Korra intro being 2 sentences is kinda short.
If it existed, I would have attempted to watch it once. I'd imagine they made Sokka into a humorless jerk so from minute 1 it would just be painful. I bet Katara's actress would be completely awful and wooden at all times. Oh and all the Inuit inspired water tribe characters would be white. And they'd probably do something stupid like making the Chinese-inspired Fire Nation various different nationalities of darker skin tones. The fight choreography would be amateur, there'd be no comedy and it would cut major plot points because they wanted it to fit 90 minute runtime. Despite the fact that it would skip plot, it would feel *incredibly* slow. If such a movie did exist, I wouldn't have been able to finish it. It wouldn't even be in the "So Bad It's Good" camp with how boring it would be.
Toph because Toph. But that doesn't change the fact her appearance felt like pandering. Iroh's kinda did too.
There's actually a lot of Empire Strikes Back vibes throughout both series.
I feel like Ozai was kinda meant to be shown to be less threatening when he had a face. The first two books, he was a faceless villain who sat in his throne and sent people off to do his bidding. It had a very foreboding feel to it. But in book 3, when Zuko returns home and faces him, you see Ozai is just a man. A man with evil ideals and a brainwashed nation behind him, but a man. He's not some supernatural force of evil. The point is that evil can just be a man.
I just rewatched it through. Season 1 is still amazing, when you ignore the Spirit of ~~Love Triangles~~ Competition, despite a problem I may have had with the villain's revolution being neatly wrapped up with next to no consequence. Season 2 was awful when I watched it and it's awful still. First off, as a result of how the series was planned (One season, then later renewed for a 2nd by surprise), Korra devolves as a character between seasons. The villain is uncompelling. The animation is downgraded. The repercussions of the season make storytelling in the future of the universe very, very difficult. This is the only season of either Avatar show that I would consider anywhere below average television. Season 3 is a return to form. A lot of the angst and teen drama from earlier in the show is done away with by now (finally) and the villain feels threatening once again. Lots of character growth for Korra and many other characters as well (except Mako... fuck Mako). Season 4 isn't 1 or 3, but it's fine overall. I get frustrated at the stupidity of letting Kuvira come into power, but I can see the common people's rationale for following her. Until she turns into Mecha-Hitler and wants to nuke the world muahahaha. Yeah, the over reliance on the mechasuits and the giant skyscraper sized one with a literal WMD mounted on it is a bit much, but the season works for the most part.
Sozin fathered a child at ***82???***
Later you learn that the title "Dragon" is given to firebenders who slew actual dragons. Iroh *supposedly* slew the last dragons (though that's later revealed false and he did no such thing, instead hiding their existence). Dragon of the West isn't a military title
The guys they are with are like 15-16 so it's not weird? All the characters in Avatar are super mature for their age and it makes things slightly creepy at times. Mai could be fucking 25 the way she acts, but she's like 15. Katara is younger than Sokka and he's 15 or 16. Toph is 11. The only characters that even remotely act their age are Ty Lee and Aang it feels like.
Rochelle, Mary and Kanae though? Sterling was happy, but it was that really irritating, preachy happy. Rochelle, Mary and Kanae were just generally positive people that everyone got along with.
I'd honestly have to say Kanae.
There are 3 types of DPS, though for the purpose of cards, 2 are considered ranged. Jobs that attack primarily from range with physical skills are called Ranged Physical- Bard, Dancer, Machinist. These get Ranged/healer cards Jobs that attack primarily from range with magical attacks are called Casters- Summoner, Red Mage, Black Mage. These also get Ranged/healer cards Jobs that attack primarily from melee range are called Melee DPS- Monk, Dragoon, Samurai, Ninja. These get melee/tank cards.
Pretty much what others have said. At endgame, in savage raiding, you'll have a best in slot list that Recommended Gear won't really understand much of. For example, I have the i500 Eden Earrings on my RDM. These have SPS and Det on them, which are low priority for a RDM. My BiS earrings would be the Augmented Crystarium ones, which have more optimal substats. If I had both, Recommended Gear might equip the Eden earrings despite them being technically worse than Aug. Crystarium.
Only the party leader needs to have cleared E6 to queue the whole party for E7. However, if you even set foot in E7, you are ineligible for loot from E5 and 6, whether you clear 7 or not.
I witnessed a Hooktusk comp of 4 golden saurolisks, a golden selfless, a ghoul beat divine poison murlocs with 50 health. I'm sorry, but where is the risk in Saurolisk farming if you can continue to win even against a literal god comp?
I said it in another thread... I saw a Hooktusk with Ghoul, Golden Parrot, Golden Selfless, 4 Golden Saurolisks. She won 3 fights against divine shielded, poisoned, 50 health murlocs before the murlocs teched in their own ghoul and a Zapp.
Rat doesn't deserve to be nerfed. It's even worse now than it was before because you don't want deathrattle beasts and it's really only STRONG on buy when there's a DW in lobby.
That is the saddest Battlemaster I've ever seen lol.
I believe Kevin used a coffee rub on a Filet, which is overpowering usually. I believe the steak they were using for that special was a more substantial cut.
I mean Eudora is a good hero despite her hero power is "1 mana do nothing for 3 turns, then do something" You reroll in this game anyway, so it's not like there's an opportunity cost.
Is your gear up to date? AST has some of the weaker tools in the early-mid levels compared to SCH (or "I don't need to hardcast a heal until level 40") and WHM. Really, you just have Essential Dignity, Benefic and Helios.
LaTasha is probably the most divisive winner ever. Some people say she's one of the best, while others say she's one of the worst. She's in the "Eh, whatever" category for me
That's why I love healing in this game. It's a balance and you need to understand how quickly you can save a party's HP. "Okay I can burst them back up from 20% really fast so I don't need to top everyone off since no damage is coming for like 10 seconds. So I can use my DPS skills for now and then big heals then back to DPS."
Like others have said, tank LB isn't really something that you just use. It has very specific use cases that require it but, unlike DPS (which you want to meet enrage timers if your DPS is low) or healer (to save party fuck ups), it requires preplan.
You eventually get abilities that let you jump to the target. That's the closest I can think of.
So I assume you're still in Heavensward at level 60. Things have changed pretty drastically since then, but relearning shouldn't be too hard. Most jobs have actually been simplified since HW. The biggest general tank change I know if is the removal of tank/DPS stances. Now, you just have tank stance and it doesn't lower DPS. Just turn it off when you aren't MT. As for the content you'll need to get through, yeah it's a lot... probably a few full days of story. You'd need to finish up whatever was left of the HW post-3.0 story, all of 4.0-4.5 Stormblood and all of 5.0-5.3 Shadowbringers to catch up.
Usually when people say the unlock quest isn't where it's supposed to be, it's because they already have unlocked it. Are you sure you haven't gotten the quest started already and just need to talk to someone or queue?
Except you can't perma reroll 1 stars to find Saurolisks anymore, so the "I have literally every Saurolisk in the pool" Hooktusk comp doesn't work anymore. Hero powering an alleycat was strong, yeah, but so is Maly hero powering an alleycat. Hooktusk was strong because you could game the hero power to get infinite Saurolisks.
Considering I never made it through 30 minutes, I'm not actually sure it ended.
She's supposed to be. There's some... mitigating factors you come across later, but she's evil and that's the point.
But... why aren't they enough? Even if the Reaper hits perfect, you cover at least 4 minions with your poisons and your grubber can take 2 down by itself.
Except Kai is an irritating little shit.
It was fine in the way Hama did it. Something no one had ever really thought of, only possible during the full moon and required dedicated practice to master. In Korra, though... uh... I can even accept being able to bloodbend without the full moon like Tarrlok does. But the way Yakone and &gt;!Amon!&lt; do it without any actual motion, just going "ZAP you're bloodbent now" feels entirely off. Bending isn't a psychic power... it's more like a martial art in this world. And then there's the "I can take your bending away... with bloodbending!" thing. I love Korra Season 1, but the way they powered up bloodbending was a bit much.
My vote would split between Zuko and Azula.
I don't think the Water Tribe outright dislikes same-sex relationships, just that they aren't very public with personal info.
With... who? Korra and Asami? Their relationship had hints and that's the best they could do on *Nickelodeon* Kya? Others said it better than I can. She definitely gives off a disinterest in romance. I personally got a more asexual vibe off her rather than lesbian, but I could see it. At bare minimum, she definitely doesn't want commitment (see: Fog of Lost Souls)
Beginnings Part 1. When Korra washes up at that Fire Temple, one of the Fire Sages is voiced by her.
I would say FFXIV is the most improved since launch game in history, though it's a question of whether you consider it a game that was iterated on or if you just want to say 1.0 was a game that failed, was taken down and then a different game was made and called 2.0. Because it's the 2nd most popular MMO in the world right now after being considered an unfathomable mess of a game that would ruin Square Enix on launch. New team, new engine, new mechanics and plenty more changed it into the form it was rereleased in and is currently today.
The experience the quests post Castrum and Praetorium give is negligible. For example, the final level 49 MSQ grants around 28k exp. The final quest of the post-50 ARR story grants 4.8k, or less than one fifth the experience. So it can technically add up, but it's really no big deal if you waste that experience. It's like this in both previous expansions. Heavensward (86k for the 59 quest, 16k for the final post-60 one) and Stormblood (240k vs 46k)
I never stop. I have it on a constant loop. I cannot take my eyes away from it. I've lost everyone. Send help.
You either get 0, 1 or 3 chests upon completion of a floor, depending on how many have cleared it already that week. You need all 8 to have not completed yet in order to get 3 chests. Each item is free roll and you are not locked to one piece per boss. However, you cannot attempt the fight again for loot. If you don't win any of the items dropped, you are locked the same as if you had won 3. However, you also get pity tokens, "Book of X" depending on the floor. One per week. These are turned in for gear the same way tomestones are. You need between 4 and 8 depending on the slot. Also, E6 and 7 books can be used for the augment items to upgrade 490 Crystarium gear to 500.
15 times out of 20, on a trial/raid fight, you want a melee LB3. 3 of those remaining 5 are Healer LB3s to save a ruined fight. 1 more is ranged or caster LB3 for adds that need to die ASAP. The final one is tank LB3 for a mechanic that *will* wipe you if not LB3'd. There's usually 1 of these fights per expansion in savage content. I personally value healer LB3 more than DPS LB3 on fights that don't have super high enrage requirements, but still have punishing mechanics, because... y'all are dumb sometimes. The wipe save is really clutch.
I meant the items that dropped. You either get 3 coffers from 2 chests, 1 coffer from 1 chest or nothing.
I don't think anyone uses the times Aang *ABSOLUTELY* kills people as plot holes, just as him being either hypocritical or completely naive.
Ornn damage?
Ah yes, cut the wave in the lane that... has no objectives!
I keep being told that Kalista Taric is a good combo, so where is the power? I haven't seen it work. Admittedly, the underdog teams seem to be the ones pulling it out, but I just don't really get it. Taric doesn't feel good.
I'm a fan of Origen, but every game they play is painful.
I don't like Fnatic's comp. I know Nemesis plays the on-hit TF, which scales more similarly to an ADC than typical AP TF, but where is their damage... Graves isn't a typical carry. They're sorta counting on Soraka just keeping them all unkillable and winning fights of attrition, but Orianna Wukong is a massive teamfight threat.
My point is that he's not an ADC in a traditional sense. He scales better than typical junglers, yes, but he doesn't benefit from attack speed, doesn't crit and is sorta just a mid-game threat.
Don't Graves autos break Scuttle shell though? lol
Seriously is LS on Fnatic's payroll? TF enthusiast. "Coaches" Bwipo and Nemi on stream. Soraka. Freezing.
Yeah Graves being able to chase someone down after he... ults himself backwards. Wait, cloud soul isn't good on Graves. The ult CDR is nice though.
Let me say this for the ones in the back. STOP. PICKING. TWISTED. FATE.
Every fucking game that Nemesis plays his on-hit TF (which IS better than AP TF... but that means nothing because TF is trash right now), he flank TPs behind the enemy team at the game deciding fight and gets blown up. Only usually Rekkles saves him by 1v9ing the fight... which you can't do on Soraka.
I'll let you in on a little secret... AP TF is worse than on-hit TF. They're both bottom tier though.
They've never added new classes to old relics. DRK, AST and MCH don't have Zetas. RDM and SAM don't have Zetas or Animas. GNBs and DNCs don't have Zetas, Animas or Eurekas.
No one will have much issue with you being new as long as you make an effort. There are a few major things that you should watch out for in dungeons. Don't stand in yellow (kinda a given). Look away from enemies with an Eye icon on them (or you'll be debuffed). If tanking, cycle cooldowns liberally when doing trash. Bosses are easier than trash.
I'm on your DC, but Brynhildr server. I really, really don't see much of the eRP community outside their little FC plots usually. They typically keep to themselves on Balmung and Mateus. You just so happened to pick one of the major RP hubs of the game. Goblin is also a preferred world right now and likely isn't as RP focused as Mateus is.
Once you open 51-60, you can go on any class. Also, aetherpool armor/weapons are shared between all classes.
Both are considered among the hardest jobs in the game. Try both and see what you like better is my advice.
If I went into World of Darkness unsynced with 2 other people (one in each alliance), would we get the pearls for the Aether Oil quest?
Does Orianna get a long range escape? How about Viktor? Hell, even Kassadin is entirely immobile until level 6, at which point he gets a spell that has less than half the range but a third of the cooldown *as an ultimate* He doesn't need to interact with the enemy at all in lane and if the jungler shows up, he just fucks off.
In pure damage output? Jinx is among the highest. She likely outdamages Ezreal, Vayne and Kalista. Kai'sa might do more to an isolated target. If she does rockets, she splashes aoe onto everyone. If she does minigun, she has the highest AS at level 1, I believe
In terms of mitigation tools, all tanks are fairly equal. DRK has a "spammable" shield for mitigation, so they might be the "best" in that regard. Their invuln tools go PLD &gt; WAR/GNB &gt; DRK and the cooldowns are reverse order. DPS goes GNB &gt; PLD &gt; DRK &gt; WAR. There is no "meta" as to what tanks you want. All clear everything perfectly fine. The only thing is you usually want 2 unique tanks, but even that isn't as important as having 2 unique healers.
ACT also has a tool called Cactbot, which, if you play WoW, is like DBM. It gives the timers for boss abilities and yells at you to react to a mechanic.
Click the Gear in the upper left corner of the DF window. Click "Undersized Party". Confirm. Now you can queue any dungeon, trial or 8 man raid unsynced.
Taking a 2v5, TPing 2 more in as the first 2 die and then flashing out. These are really not difficult concepts, right? You surely can't be this awful.
Also Milica is down 50 CS. I don't think the AP Naut mid is the play guys. I dunno.
Ezreal just yoinked red from Kai'sa lol.
But AP Nautilus!
GP has a haunting guise. MAD is really trying to make this more INTeresting. Also Comp can't actually autoattack. He just dies if he walks up.
Finn is just sorta wandering around the map doing nothing.
If Finn ulted towards Rek'sai, Corki might've lived that baron fight btw. But no, gotta try to snipe the TF crossmap despite him having like 700 health and is clearly gone.
Larssen tried. He really did.
They... aren't though? Let's say he's level 9. His full combo, with E passive hit, deals 325 +165%. So, if he has... idk 200 AP, he deals like 650 damage total. Add on Lich Bane and it's like 100 more. His job is to be a stunbot, which he did. AD/on-hit TF is a better damage source... but you need to play like an ADC and not a burst assassin. Nemesis fails with it because he tries to flank TP as on-hit TF and gets blown up. If Caps made the same TPs Nemesis does, he would've gotten blown up too since he didn't have Zhonyas. The reason Caps' TF worked when Nemesis' doesn't is because he actually made map plays. Nemesis literally went the entire laning phase without ulting or TPing to side lane. I think I saw him land 3 gold cards all game.
I hate G2 and I revel in their failures, but I wasn't shitting on them. The only team I shit on is TSM because they *actually* suck.
TSM ruined one of the best teams in EU to make a mediocre roster that fell apart in a year and a half. And now we get Borigen.
*Caps uses TP and R to go to side lane and gold card and doesn't make stupid flank 1v5 plays* "See AP TF IS good Nemesis is just bad!" Well, yes Nemesis is bad, but the build had nothing to do with the success. TF could've had a fiendish codex, kindegem, sheen and caulfields for 40% CDR and would've been just as useful lol. I will say it for those who haven't gotten it yet. TWISTED FATE IS NOT A DAMAGE SOURCE.
Rekkles is going to play Soraka again.
What is a sustained damage source? -Fnatic
Their hopes and dreams?
And it still somehow lacks a true damage theat.
So the game is now "Can we one shot Orianna and Ezreal?" So what's the point of the Soraka then? You want Soraka to win extended fights. You lack sustained damage. Teamfights are going to instantaneously end with these comps, so Soraka is completely counter intuitive.
Corki deals like 70% AP. EDIT: 80% on autos (and spellblade) plus the magic damage of Rockets and Q.
I would literally rather Karma top Ivern jungle Ori mid Kog'maw ADC Lulu support than this.
The Hylisick games aren't worth the Hylishit games. Give me a stable support that doesn't 1v9 and doesn't "1v9" either
Bwipo is actually a melee minion with a knockup.
LS' ideal League is 50 minutes of freezing side lanes until your hypercarry mid, jungle, top, ADC and support run at the enemy hypercarry mid, jungle top, ADC and support and someone wins. Oh and everyone builds Liandry's and no one builds Morello.
Is Trump = Stalin better then? Or maybe go for a fictional reference. Trump = Big Brother Just because he's not literally gassing Jews doesn't mean he's not a fascist.
Clearly you should disown him. But if he doesn't like it, he doesn't like it. Tell him it gets better, though cause it does.
But how will I appeal to my ANNOYING TIKTOK FANBASE?!?!?!
Personally I think he's cute. Until he SHOUTS EVERY OTHER SENTENCE
I saw that too... And Rek'sai as a counterjungler? Her clear isn't that good. But the biggest WTF is Elise scaling... the champion that spikes the second she puts a point in E and only gets weaker from then on.
It's not really clear what happens to humans who wind up in the Spirit World for too long. Iroh is absolutely dead, but lives on in the Spirit World. Jinora nearly died in the real world when her spirit was trapped in the Fog. The Professor from the Library is dead. His skeleton is in the Library. In the Spirit World. So while his spirit may be wandering the Fog forever, his physical body likely died.
I'm pretty sure that in Season 1, they really didn't have many fleshed out rules for the Spirit World. In the Solstice episode, the Hei Bai spirit kidnapped people and no trace was left of them, so it seems like spirits can pull physical bodies into the Spirit World. However, if you try to go into the Spirit World yourself, you either meditate in and walk around as sorta a ghost or you go through a Spirit Portal, in which case you have access to your bending. So I guess Zhao wound up in the Spirit World physically?
Imagine downvoting a reference.
So... when would this have happened in Korra. Just wondering. Cause she couldn't contact past avatars in Book 1. Book 2 didn't have a reason for her to do that. And, yeah... she ain't talking to Kyoshi anymore that's for sure. I'm all for fan creations (even if the KYOSHI SMASH meme is getting very, very old) but MAKE SENSE DAMNIT.
You run Elise/Renek to dive the enemy top level 3 with Rappel and the obnoxious CC chain. You pick Elise for her gank and dive power, not because she's a scaling jungler. Hell, there's been times in the past where you would literally build Cinderhulk and CDR just to be a cocoon bot.
The plan was stated to be to kill all the Air Nomads so the Avatar couldn't be born into them, ending the cycle. I'm still confused on his plan, though because Roku died *twelve years* before Sozin wiped out the Air Nomads. The Avatar was clearly reborn. Some people say the reason they raided the Southern Water Tribe for benders was to potentially imprison the Avatar if they were reborn into the South. They couldn't reasonably get into the Northern Tribe, so they did what they could.
I get complaints about them being young for the things they do, but this is how *all* media is with the heroes simply being stronger. Star Wars does it. Every fictional universe does this. If you wanted a war documentary, you're in the wrong place.
What I THINK happened: Neeko R'd then dashed. At the end of Neeko's R "cast" she stuns (and shields) herself and the damage/CC goes off. I'm pretty sure that the cast ended when she was still going through terrain with the dash. It shouldn't work that way because you are technically unstoppable during dash, so yeah, spaghetti.
Rioter said in another comment, the patch note is wrong. Currently, Sylas-Cho R is bugged to only grant the health bonuses gained while holding Cho R. It's been fixed to grant the health bonuses permanently, regardless of Sylas' R. How the patch note is that wrong, I don't know.
I think occasionally, Nocturne's passive would only lower CD by 1 second on champion attacks. Not always, but sometimes. And now, the 2 second CD reduction applies to both Champions and Monsters, so it's a solid jungle Nocturne buff.
Wait are the buttons recessed? Like they're leveled with the rest of the controller surface? That seems awful.
It's not really a bug that Rafaam can get the token. What is a bug is that the token is hardcoded to instantly attack when it is summoned, whether it's in combat or not.
It can. If there's a Selfless in the shop that gets hit, the minion that is given Divine Shield has Divine Shield *permanently* Any minion with divine shield that gets hit LOSES divine shield, permanently.
Why did they print this card? 2 star, 2/2, Can't attack. Taunt. After an adjacent minion attacks, deal 2 damage to an enemy minion. Why give it taunt? That seems counter intuitive. What's that? It doesn't have taunt? Bullshit. My cannons get hit first every fight. Hell, if they have a Whelp, that shit is magnetized for my cannon too. I had a turn 3 cannon with 2 tokens (so 4 minions). Went against someone with 4 minions. Lost the 50/50 to go first. Lost the 1/4 and cannon died. Next fight: lost the 1/5. Next fight: lost the 1/7. Next fight: lost the 1/7. I don't even buy this thing anymore.
What should I be dumping my Phantasmagoria tomes on? I'm just swimming in them and they aren't used for anything worthwhile right now for me (if I ever level another class, I'd just outfit them with Neo-ishgard)
I mean yes and no. The flying is getting added after you complete the 2.0 storyline, so a large chunk is still flightless. However, the most tedious part will have flying, so you may want to wait until the patch comes out for that part. However, even if you go at a casual pace, you'll likely be well past the ARR story before the next patch comes out.
I hit the zoobot triple and went to 4 on it and got a lightfang. Then I tripled the alleycat and got another lightfang. Bronze warden triple got me the Battlemaster (it was like a 3/16 to start) and I just naturally accumulated Goldgrubbers. Getting first with an Alleycat and Zoobot on board is such a weird feeling. The early lightfangs just made it get so out of hand that, combined with the grubbers, I didn't want to sell it. Same for the Zoobot. It hurt my soul to pass by Hydras and... well any mech but Zoobot every turn, but they were like 20/15s by that point and buffing my Grubbers.
As dumb as it is, playing "Adjust to the BLM" is actually going to help kill stuff.
My fault. I meant "The main things you use to deal damage" with "Abilities" because I forgot that the term "Weaponskill" refers to the GCD things because why have reasonable terms for things lol.
Bret. Controversial opinion I guess, but he is the most obnoxious contestant I've ever seen on this show. I'm Italian! I've got HK tattooed on my chest! I'm Italian! I make Risotto 5 times a week! I'm still Italian! No one cooks better Italian food than me. Did I mention I'm Italian? Italian Italian Italian. I know it's hard losing your parents. I lost both of mine in less than a year, but they don't motivate my every waking moment the way he acted like they did. Would I want to make them proud? Sure! But every episode he starts crying about his mom and dad and it got so fucking old. Combined with the fact he literally could not cook anything but Italian food, he was just so horrendously unlikable to me. People like Elise and Russell are better IMO because they are at least entertaining to watch or have the talent to back up their attitudes.
Lethality Varus: I need all your camps Yi jungle: But I scale better with gold LV: I'm the ADC I take all farm
Azula is pretty cold and emotionless until she cracks.
That's fine. The Ironworks gear you buy will last you until about level 55 (same holds true for Shire til 65 and Scaeven til 75). You can also look into relic weapons (mostly the Anima ones) and decide if they're something that interests you. They're only useful for aesthetics, but you can buy a lot of the materials you need for the grind with poetics to avoid capping them out.
https://www.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/e3exi0/the_way_to_anima_in_51/ Unidentifiable Bone/Shell/Ore/Seeds: 150 each. 10 needed of each, so 6k Poetics total (there are other ways to get these too) Aether Oil: 350 each, need 5 total, so 1750 total (you can get one weekly from the Crystal Tower weekly quest. Umbrites: 75 each. 60-80 (no more than 75 in practice) needed. About 5500 total. Singing Cluster: 40 each, 50 needed (18 can be gotten each week for free). 2000 total if you don't do the quest, reduced by a lot if you do the weekly. Pneumite: 100 each, 15 needed. Can also be bought with GC (4000 each) seals. 1500 tomes if using tomes Archaic Enchanted Ink: 1 needed, 500 tomes. So, if you solely use tomestones, you need about 16k tomes total.
It was my first DPS clear of E5. I'd cleared as SCH 4 times before so I had the mechanics down. It was my first time with my static (and most of my static's first time clear as well)
It's not just Poppy that can abuse this, just that she's the "easiest" to kill with because of the spammable nature of her Q. Flash or Hexflash into the Shopkeeper on a champion with a skillshot similar to Poppy Q (think Kayn W, Illaoi Q) and you can replicate it.
I soloed it fine as a RDM. Took some effort, but got it done. Wasn't possible as SCH for me.
My ACT sometimes gives me the following error: Custom Trigger log parsing is currently over 1,000 lines behind. You may need to add more Custom Trigger threads in the Options page or optimize your current Custom Triggers to be more effiecient. Would you like to open the Custom Trigger Benchmark to identify problematic Custom Triggers? What does that mean and how do I fix it?
Anyone remember when Pobelter was good?
Short answer: Not Crystal Long answer: all DCs have perfectly fine pug raiding, but Crystal has the "worst" reputation because of the heavier emphasis on RP on some servers (Balmung, Malboro)
With few exceptions, if you can meld crit, meld crit. If you can't, meld DH. If you can't meld either, Det. Healers can meld some piety if they feel they need it. Tanks want a comfortable amount of SKS. BLMs can meld SPS. The only class that breaks the Crit &gt; DH &gt; Det pattern is WAR, who wants Crit &gt; Det &gt; DH because of their guaranteed DH cooldown.
Like the other guy said, your friend is completely wrong. WAR is probably the "weakest" DPS tank right now, though WAR and DRK are very, very close in damage. All tanks have their niche. GNB is the most DPS-like tank and have the highest numbers (by a SMALL margin), but often feel like the squishest among the tanks. PLD is the most tank-feeling tank in the game IMO. They have the second highest DPS among all tanks (again, TINY TINY margin) and have some of the highest uptime with their magic damage phase. They have the best selfish defensive tools in the game, including the best invulnerability CD (Hallowed Ground). DRK is about tied with WAR in terms of damage and boasts the weakest invulnerability CD in the game. However, they have the best magic mitigation and the best party mitigation tool with Blackest Night (which is a shield that they can cast on themself or a party member). WAR is, at 100% optimal play, lower damage than DRK by the slightest of margins. They do have a strong burst damage phase and strong self-sustain. Their invuln cooldown is slightly better than DRK. All tanks are fine at all levels.
I'm pretty sure that the legality issue is out the window for a lot of this. E (and her wife) have illegally evicted a girl from downstairs. N came here with 4 people who I had never met and broke into E's room (and another guy's who lives here). One of the women with N was carrying a bat and a cleaver with her.
That first bot lane fight could've snowballed the game for them but Rekkles backed at 3/4 health. Fine, you're a scaling comp and you want to play safe. But you continued to chase *without your only real damage threat* and lost 3 people.
&gt; Despite doing all my lancer class quests Well, we can see in your screenshot that you're wrong. See under the "Next Main Scenario Quest: On To Little Ala Mhigo"? It says "Courage of Stone." That is your level 10 Lancer quest. You won't be able to learn other classes until you complete that quest at a minimum. You're level 34, so you have the level 10, 15, 20, 25, 30 and DRG unlock quests to do on Lancer as well.
It's because he hasn't completed his level 10 class quest. Rogue/NIN are included in the trial, so that's not a problem.
That's showing your next MSQ quest, On to Little Ala Mhigo. Click directly on Courage of Stone. It's level 10 and starts in the Lancer's guild in Gridania. The easy way to tell the difference is the border around the quest. There's 3 types of quests: Main Scenario Quests (which have a "Fireball" or "Meteor" looking icon), Unlock quests (which are blue with a + sign) and regular quests (which are simply a Q). Class quests will either show as Unlock or Regular quests
I don't really have anywhere else to go. No one has actually threatened me personally and both parties (E and N) seem to like me, it's just that I'm unsure of who is actually in charge and who is going to "win" this fight.
So imagine you're doing damage. You're spamming your Broil. You've got your Bio on the boss for another 20 seconds. Then an aoe happens. You finish your broil cast, then cast ruin 2 followed by Indomitability (aetherflow aoe heal that is off-global) and proceed to go back to Broil spamming. Also, if no damage is going off at all or you need to dump aetherflow, you should go ruin 2 - energy drain. Casting Broil into an aetherflow ability often clips your GCD because of how all spells/abilities have an animation lock to them (about 0.7 seconds usually), which may rob you of entire casts if it adds up.
Theoretically you could have 17 golden minions, though, right? 7 on board (21) 10 in hand (30) so 51\*8=408
Go to the Server Status page (google FFXIV Server Status). Worlds that are Preferred have the Road to 70 buff. Only NEWLY CREATED characters receive this buff, so transfers do not count. If your character does not have Road to 70, you cannot get it by transferring or even having your server move to the Preferred list.
If it were a passive hero power, it would be absolutely, completely busted. If it were a one time use hero power like Shudder, it'd be strong but fine I think.
I'm fairly certain that whelps follow normal attack order: meaning that most minions shoots first and if both have the same amount of minions, it's coin flip. The only difference is all of player 1's whelps shoot, then player 2's.
My friends dodge Castrum because the only reason they do MSQ roulette is braindead experience. Prae is much longer, but you need to do more in Castrum and it gives less experience because it's shorter.
Role-play in game typically means they're "pretending" something. Some people roleplay that they run a cafe in their house. Some people talk in character always (like they narrate their actions in chat or talk in some sort form of language they feel is more suited to their character's time period). Some people talk to each other erotically and what they want to do to cat and/or bunny girls (we don't talk about these people and they typically stay to themselves thankfully). Roleplayers aren't necessarily less likely to be top tier endgame players, but typically the type to prog savage content isn't the type to also roleplay.
You can google search. I know in NA, Crystal datacenter has the biggest reputation for Roleplay mostly because of Balmung and Malboro. If you want hardcore raiding and aren't tied to any friends on Crystal, I would honestly avoid it. Hardcore raiding on Crystal definitely exists, but it is much scarcer than the other two NA DCs. Outside NA, I don't really know.
I believe you do. However, I wouldn't worry TOO much about your rotation at lower levels. Because of the way they update jobs every expansion, many of the tools your class had at level 60 cap may be gone or adjusted, leaving the class unfinished at your level. I'd recommend you just look up your classes abilities. Many sites will have a basic guide of X Level rotations. I know there's a BLM one out there somewhere for sure.
RNG is RNG my friend. There are 41 heroes (minus 2 or 3 that get removed for tribal rotation in a game). For simplicity's sake, let's say there are 40 heroes in the pool. With the perks, you should be offered Aranna one out of ever ten games, on average. Also, as a side note, why do you want Aranna so bad? She's statistically the worst hero in the game by a lot.
Yes. there are three different purchases you can make. Starter Edition, which is the base game up to level 50, Shadowbringers, which is all the expansions and requires a Starter Edition applied to your account, and the Complete Edition, which is both combined. You will need to *play* through all the older content to reach the most recent content, however.
I like how you're 5 months in and you're already complaining about people slowing runs down. \*sniffle* They grow up so fast
Gear progression typically looks like this when you hit 80: 430- Weathered gear from your role quests 430-455- dropped from the level 80 dungeons 450- dropped from Edens Gate (1-4). No weekly lockout 460- bought with your Phantasmagoria tomes (which are uncapped) 460- Copied Factory. Now uncapped weekly. 470- Augmented Phantasmagoria gear. Done by buying twine or coating with either Nuts (from hunts), Coins (from Copied Factory) or Edens Gate Savage (1-4) books. 480- Edens Verse (5-8). One token per week per boss 480- Memoria EX. This can be farmed 490- Allegory gear. Capped at 450 a week. 500- Edens Verse Savage (5-8). Capped at one CHANCE per loot per week (once boss is killed you are locked. Free to win whatever dropped, but if you don't win, you're done for the week). 500- Augmented Allegory gear. Upgrade items dropped in E6-8S or bought with books for completing them. For weapons, there's the Resistance weapon, which is INSANELY easy to get and is 485 with 5 guaranteed materia slots, making it about on par with the 490 tomestone weapon. There's also Ruby Weapon EX weapons that are 485 as well, but not worth it.
Eh, I'll give Dak a modicum of credit and say he MIGHT be a better passer than Vick. Vick was always a much more dynamic threat though. The others, they're all better by a lot though.
PotD only requires 4 players without role requirements like regular dungeons, so queues are near instant for the common floors (1-10, 51-60).
"How do you kill that which has no life?" Grats, but... damn... I can't even think about maxing all my classes out. I've got my SMN, SCH, RDM and MCH at 80 and I'm working on i500 for SCH and RDM/SMN right now (progging E6S, so it'll be a while), but I can't even begin to imagine having the patience to level AND gear all my classes. Do you do raids on all your classes or do you just go with a specific set of a few and gear the others for fun?
The problem with how they designed BLU and how it would interact with current tier savage raiding is that it has far too many abilities that could absolutely screw with encounter design. They'd have to make fights balanced around BLUs using niche abilities to cheese mechanics, which could really limit their design space. It's more of a problem with how they made BLU than anything.
I just started savage on my RDM and I have yet to experience this (though Ramuh has like 0.5 sec of untargetability twice throughout the fight, so that may be why). In dungeons or alliance raids, though, if I know a phase change is coming, I hold my combo. I know my friend who is progging E8 right now holds Queen (on MCH) when transitions are coming.
First off: Aetherial Mimicry. 20% DH and Crit for free means that they need to be balanced around having more crit/DH than anyone else. Bad Breath: namely the damage down. Bosses would obviously be immune to the loss of control afflictions, but probably not the damage down. Either they'd need to balance around what is essentially a permanent Addle or make bosses immune to Bad Breath entirely. Doom/Level 5 Death: Obviously they'd need to make things immune to Doom/Death. I'm going to ignore things that would obviously be impossible to use in raids because of the busted damage from now on, like Launcher. Diamondback: 90% damage reduction. It has no cooldown. Think of the mechanics cheese for this. Yes, it renders you unable to move for 10 second, but think about how many things a BLU could soak that require group coordination? Condensed Libra: Okay cool, one portion of your party permanently does 5% more damage. Magic Hammer: Addle on a stick Avail: Redirect damage to a tank might be a big thing in some cases. White Wind: No cooldown aoe heal that can be a Benediction, essentially. Hell, even if you get knocked down to 30k HP, that's a 30k HP aoe heal! Indom doesn't even do 20k. And think about a GNB boliding or a DRK LDing. You can top them off just as easily as a WHM. Oh and I'll throw Loom in there because it's a ground targetted mobility spell.
Absolutely, but clearing the first fight shouldn't be your bar for success. If you cleared E8 with logs like that, that's great! You're pretty much as far as you can go (unless you do Ultimates) and you did enough to clear. But wanting to improve means looking at what you did and either saying for yourself, or having someone else say, "Hey, this isn't quite right let me do this better" I'm not saying don't NOT be proud you cleared, but also look to improve your skills so that subsequent clears and, potentially, harder content become much easier to you. This is coming from someone who cleared first time with something like a 10 parse on SCH a month ago and my first DPS clear was barely green last week.
I'm a die hard caster player. I haven't ever found a melee job I enjoy in this game. I was a BLM main back in ARR (switched to AST in HW, RDM in SB and SMN in ShB, but back to RDM now). I haven't seriously played BLM at all since HW really. I love my RDM, but sometimes I just kinda feel like I'm a utility bot more than an actual DPS. I tried SMN for a bit this expansion and didn't really click with the rotation because it felt too static to me. Would BLM be a good idea to pick up as a secondary main of sorts? EDIT: My main question is if it'd be better to use my roulettes on my 70 BLM to have it as a secondary raid job or use my roulettes on my 60 something DRK to have a tank job at max for backup's sake.
You get access pretty early. About 30 quests in. The level of the quests should be 61 at that time.
I don't know how one would die in MSQ except when you do the run to the teleporter and sac a tank to not kill shit. I have literally stood on top of the proximity aoe from the crash in UW2 and eaten every bit shot and never dropped below half. When I heal it, I haven't used a heal (GCD or oGCD) in my last 5 runs.
