Licking a minty fanny??
I know!! I didn't take offence
Lemsip with hot whiskey, vitamin c, day and night nurse.
Of course
Congratulations
Is there a better class of creep in Cork?
That's the lazy way out
Ben???
That's not stew!
Less than €5
He loves posing!!
I'm shattered. Computer keeps crashing, I'm saving every 10 mins. Went and got my eyebrows done and fell asleep. I feel your pain
.
That's the idea, while canned foods and staples are the best, there's nothing like having a fancy box of something.
I thought the elderly man got hit by the baseball bats. The more I read about this the more confused I am.
Nope ours were never wrapped as kids and I never wrapped my kids Santa stuff. But apparently its a weird thing that parents wrap the santy gifts. But santy still comes to my kids.
We never got a gift from mammy and daddy, my kids never got one either.
Ours were put on chairs as well, with our name on your Christmas stocking so you'd know who ownd what.
Can we send kids back down the coal mines as well?
Disaster!!
Molton Brown or Orla Kiely are the best. But sanctuary spa from boots is equally as good.
Oh fuck, that poor dog
There was a thread last Christmas about this and santy is widely used in Ireland and not just Dublin
1/7.
Currently watching It's a Wonderful Life, I love old black and white movies.
I've woke up at 6 because the dogs wanted to go out.
The €50 one was.. the lidl one no.
If you're on your own you can come to my house for your dinner.
No!!
Just the family, 6 of us
You're really trying to win most bland poster.
I like my family as well, i love the noise and the chaos that they bring
Well she should as he only comes once a year
Boy child is 18 im a few days and my brother has his tomorrow and my sister has hers new years eve. They always get 2 presents or one very big one.
Trying my best not to kill my mother. Holy fuck, stop being so contrary mother!!
It was lovely.
Not on my pavlova I hope
Oh I was about to kill her.
At the earliest
Who is it affecting?
Soup, fish, Turkey, ham, roast beef, all the trimmings plus a dessert. With all my extended family visiting. But then I'm very organised.
I think after child birth the cervix is slightly open all the time and thats why getting a coil fitted is less painful after you've given birth
My nicest purchases this year were, a really good pair of brown leather ankle boots, expensive handbag and oh the most beautiful pair of red heels.
I love my sofa...
Pjs, fire and The Devil Wears Prada
I don't have any, I never do.
Nope, because nobody ever follows through with them.. start randomly sometime next year and you're more likely to succeed
I went for a pub lunch today and the pub was packed
I really like Travellers on Netflix, and there's 3 series on now. But I think series 3 slumped around episode 6.
Tomorrow will be my day to myself. I'm not getting dressed or leaving the house.
I'd have some shrinking on him he's nearly a foot taller than me
Really any of the ones about her dog
Sometimes we need to block out the world
Anything comfy is good.
Ha ha, the poor neighbour.
Oh poor you, it's awful when it doesnt end. Have you had a shower?
Yeah.. I am going to side with your wife on this!!
My new years resolution is to moan less... well hopefully moan more if you get me
Hurling and rugby.
Now that's a bit morbid
Shots of Jager first? Or do you prefer black holes?
The best kind
You're a martyr
I was being sarcastic!! Tis a sad day when /s needs to be added to every comment.
I knew you were being sarcastic!!
Do you live here?
I hope so. But I wonder would these protesters protest outside every gp and pharmacy in Ireland? The amount of vile nonsense the no side is still spouting is fucking disgraceful.
I'm losing my fucking mind trying to not click on them. You've lost that a long time ago dear.
I need quite time, me time on my own time. Don't you ever need that? I bailed on the girls to have some me time.
What would you call it?
https://www.independent.ie/life/optical-illusion-or-fairies-cars-roll-uphill-on-irelands-magic-roads-36287483.html
I am so very sorry for your loss. The first year is very hard as it contains an awful lot of first. Remember her, talk about her, laugh at the funny stories about her, share these with the people you love and don't be afraid to cry. It's an old cliche but time is the greatest healer, I wish you well.
I'll do it first thing tomorrow.
I love the feel of their hairy chest on me.
I woke this morning with a panic attack of sorts, I'm stressing over something stupid and it caused a nightmare/panic attack. On work days my sleep is shite, and if I wake after 5 am I won't go back to sleep again as I'll feel like shite getting up at 6.20.
I told extended family and friends not to buy presents for them any more
I'm curious where are you from that has no homeless people?
Vomit
Peach, yep I thought the same.
I'm sick of proper food, going to have a curry with chips and rice this evening.
Ah no, thats terrible, mind yourself
Its that bank that I need to get to. Will direct debits be delayed?
I was teasing Cd... oh shoes dear, I've over 100 pairs... and almost 150 dresses... 30 odd handbags...
I'm just guessing and guessed wrong apparently
Book clubs, mens shed, tidy towns, night classes, 5 a side, GAA.
My ex husband bought me a kettle and toaster one Christmas
I've new leather gloves that need to be worn
Oh wow!!! I'm so honoured!! (Wells up) If I'd know I would have wore a dress, but at least I've a bra on. I can't believe I'm the moaniest moaner here!! I'd like to thank all my wonderful supporters (bra). Blows kisses to you all x x x x x x x Ah thanks guys... one last moan before the New Year? I hope you've a peaceful New Year. Love and kisses F. x x x x
I'd probably wet myself laughing
That particular Randy didn't do it for me
Better than twisting your knickers
I've a fucking massive spreadsheet to do today and tomorrow. Effort!!
I hate you so much.
I hope to be super cool in my 60s and grow old disgracefully!
I'd imagine it would be hard to do with the basset watching, he might put you off your game
Veet hair remover.. but make sure you use the one for the bikini line as it's for sensitive areas.
I'm only producing wind tonight
It's bloody cold this morning
you mean you don't eat your snots?
They're father's side of the family
You think women are evil on a fundamental level. no wonder they hate you.
Thanks carrots x
I've my other babies for company tonight my dogs!!
Ha too cute
I've a purple knickers on
I know. I am an idiot today.
Oh I have any God amount of these.
Had a fucking shite week. I hate everything.. I hate working in this fucking place
It can be a deterrent for the type of person who posts hateful or nasty comments as I suspect that some of them are living at home in their mammys house.. and only use the one or 2 IP address
I know. I hope she comes out the other side ok and fuck everyone else. fuck them all.
Good man!! I've new spuds as well
https://imgur.com/a/o42XZpm
No bother, I've country style skinless sausages to go with them for your breakfast
It tasted great. Boy child said my dough balls were as good was what his nanny my mother makes, so that's a good compliment.
I'm looking forward to mammys in a few weeks
They all haven't left yet. no beer just quiet is all I want
What are you watching? I haven't got the TV on.
Interesting. How many do you think he actually murdered? I can't be arsed to watch anything.
Ah I'll just have the dirty lurch please
Ah I love your energy. I suppose I should do that
I think its because they are boiled ot something like that.. makes them very dense
Funny!!
The dog is in the bathroom when I have a shower and possibly the cat.. I never close the bathroom door.
I meant housework.. thank fuck I'm well finished with homework
I'd rather wear heels but I do a lot if walking and they're not practical
Do some squats gets rid of the farts.
he's a lovely singer but we're all shouting over him.. a d he's easy on the eye
so drunk... need to go home
Absolutely.
No.. it was me being blonde
I think if the pub is packed then it's ok but it wasn't last night. But the guy singing was hot, photo of him in the wank bank.
Surprisingly no hangover.
Salad!! no hot things
I was cooking dinner and trying to mod the post at the same time. The only green I was thinking about was broccoli.
&gt;I think you misunderstand me: &gt; &gt;I think your 'burn my dinner' response is overreacting. &gt; Overreacting? it was a light hearted comment &gt;I think you should greentext official mod replies. &gt; I was busy, it's a small sub, both users know I'm a mod, this response has worked out better than going in "green". &gt;I think that request will serve to help resolve the original issue highlight in this post. That's not want the original issue is about. &gt;Hope that helps.
no!! jesus I think that question needs it's own post!!
You might enjoy it!! surrounded by all those horny women
Oh we're having a rib eating orgy!! Am I eating the full Irish or are we having the sex? Are you eating the ribs... will you share... will we swap rolls... poor Joey.
Its excellent
it's a casual sub and honestly the style of the sub doesn't seem to suit you.
Miss D deleted her account after months of constant harassment. Can you actually blame her?
https://imgur.com/a/2J7kJTo heres mine
I lost my cheap ass glasses and my jacket
I am as well but my point was that a physical letter from a friend is so much more than a quick email or text.
Write one for me!
not this one. I am not that stupid,
&gt;Mothers never quit giving out. No one should have to tell you this. No one is having to tell me. It was just a comment on life.
I think I disappoint Joey daily.
Many years ago my mother was called for jury duty and forgot all about it.. few days later the guards arrived at the house asking her why she didn't attempt
Oh I know she did.. I just wish they'd fuck off home now.
bend over.
They haven't arrived in Waterford yet..I think it's too early for them.
Excellent!
and that's why you don't get invited to parties
Jesus that hurt my already sore head.
Mammys need to mammy.
had Chinese and a second lecture off mammy
Sleep and more sleep
it feels thermal.
I've that too.
You're a dick
I fell asleep!!
Have fun!!
I'm in a good mood today, so he's getting the power washer
I really wish I could share the pic of the last fine arse I was feeding!!
Excellent!!
There is nothing like it. I'm a granny twice and its lovely.
I am being a bitch
Ah it's for the daddy's today
totally... send help and a non dyslexic person
Yep.
https://imgur.com/a/6fHOagW current situation
Exactly.
I have a boiled egg 5 mornings a week.
I hate hearing people on the phone in the toilet beside me.
thats eager!! I have, done 3 loads of washing. Got takeaway food. Had 2 wanks. One shower. Washed the dogs bed. Watched 2 movies.
Jesus christ, don't click on that.
Just woke up as well, to find blood 9n my pillow and in my ear, it seems to ge coming from my inner ear... can't feel a cut or anything on it. Weird.
I don't even want to know what that is
I can't change things and that's causing the stress and shit.
Send me some of your optimism please
She sure fecking is. we strongly dislike Karen
Not bad, don't think she'd turn heads
Ah jesus.
Bridgwtown Wexford? I didn't realise you were a yellow belly
I don't like the cheap vodka, nor huzzar, but I do like Absolute, Stoli or Smirnoff after that I don't think theres much of a difference in taste
What do you think we as s country should do with them?
Ha good plan
No.. they don't. Honestly I don't want to talk about it at home.
Thank fuck I was
Shower, wank and sleep
Gorgeous baby!! They love being in and in your bed But why isn't your bed linen matching?
The legalising of weed won't suddenly make everything better and it's not some magic potion to cure everything that ails you.
if he received JLO's when he was under 18 then they would be gone at 18.
I think you replied to the wrong thread
I love a man in uniform
If you're smelling anal porn you're definitely doing something wrong
Most American homes don't have kettles, that's just weird
or cooking salmon
The potato masher and grater are weird.. some people have loads of pics and some have none
She said previously that she's not going to vaccinate her child.. and there was something about her being racist, can't remember the details.. only my daughter was into her stuff and stopped using it after that.
&gt;And some people will still refuse to accept that mob mentality is a bad thing. Their own anger comes before everyone else. Hounding an innocent child to make themselves feel good.
We hate boring people
No chips. the sauce was to put on your sandwich
Wexford town and Dublin
I needed quiet time today so I ran out to this tiny little cafe and sat by myself.
It was, ham, chorizo, spring onion and elemental cheese sandwich and yes I put the spicy taco on it.
That's me in a shoe box
you've big hands, you seem much younger than I thought you were and you wear a tie!! I expected big hands, older, bit more rough and a manual job.. my wank bank needs to be updated.
Well you'll never guess where I've gone?? A prize for the correct answer.
that happened long and ever ago.
I do charity shops as well
Insurance
I've aloe vera gel
Worst nightmare!!
it sure is. I'm not hungover or anything this morning. But I'm still gonna stay in bed.
I'm to lazy to cook this morning. Yellow rain warning for the south today
Ah you'll be grand later! you've probably got youth on your side.
That last sentence just ruined a lovely post!! We'll see how I get on.
Oh I feel the same!
I think that's the best plan!
&gt; &gt;Don't let it get you down fin. We could do a whip round for a bottle of something for ya? A coffee and a scone are more than enough!
I love you!! I never eat the white part of a fried egg.
very carefully
I know!! But I can't.
getting dressed or coming for dinner?
True I'm going to be picky
&gt;And *waaaaay* laid. Oh.... then I'm definitely going to be picky
he has the most beautiful tail. I'll see if I've a pic.
Rough or smooth hands? I'm not sure about a rota to be honest, I suppose you help others while I sleep. but if I am the owner/captain I should be willing to share.. we will have to see how good you are first.
can you open a window? have you a fan? are you naked?
Ah feck it so. Go to bed!
/u/Thefullirish l
Nice. brown or white bread?
Is it nice? I only buy Ryan's bread.
I liked his eggs
Ah it's me, I can't even look at video games without being sea sick.
3 mins to downvote, you're slacking.
Well I think it's time to turn on the computer to clock out for lunch
We'll see how it goes.
I'm not a bbq person but holy God I'd eat that!! also a much better use of a courgette!
My dogs come before bags or lipstick or shoes or dresses.
I'm sure we could make space
I'm captain
This is true
I really need some of you men on this sub in my life! you cook, you clean and you grow. What more does a woman want?
Just like me
I love potato salad!! We'll casually get drunk!
Yes, its lost forever.
Oh can you just imagine?
We do, it's just funny that we all have them stuffed full of stuff
Yes you're an adult
Sorry that was uncalled for.
The dream ending is probably a good thing.
I'm not a biscuit fan either
I pooped over the side!
he's got really cocky since he found this sub and made new friends. I'll have to power hose him more.
They're just amateurs
No... he pays me.. he's a bit of a masochistic
I can do tricks with it that you can't even imagine
Oh baby!!
You're in trouble now....
is sure for the craic ok? she seems to have disappeared.
Spot didn't disappear... he is now in a different form.
Remember the one with the huge boobs?
She was very young, very sad.
I know that l.
You've a friend now, so you should be happy.. just don't bite him. He hasn't had his shots yet.
the dirty dreams were very dirty! I'm almost ashamed of them... almost
I might change jobs!! Is "granny gives you a happy ending" a niche fetish? I could make some money.
Late 40s is about average I think. I think I'm getting it anyway, I need a blood test to know for certain
I shower twice a day.. I'm a real sweaty Betty this weather.
I'm a fat granny model. https://youtu.be/d8lv8nOuqPg
Possibly!! I've no idea what it is, but it's annoyed me because now the corn field cant be called the corn field anymore.
Ah interesting. that field has always had corn in it.
I think I'll just have to keep an eye on them and hopefully get some when they are ready to be eaten.
I'll ask mammy
Mine are turning grey and when I get them done they frame my face better.
St Mary's Cathedral Kilkenny https://imgur.com/gallery/OO70Nzw
It's like a fecking oven here
Finigian is trying desperately to escape Kilkenny. I may be fucking dead.
I don't fucking care. I can't wait to be beside the sea again. Fuck these inland counties
Exactly. The only good thing is the train out of the fucking place.
A cold beer.. I don't like ice cream
We're building a wall around Kilkenny and flooding it.
Ireland obviously
do you think I'm an amateur? this is not my first coup
Have you ever heard of Morford?
So what. We all do fake, we have fake tan, fake hair, fake nails, fake confidence, fake smiles, fake boobs... Also her having a son shouldn't matter. We as women should not be putting other women down.
That's a wtf one alright
Now it all makes sense
Which one had the nicest legs?
What one was I in today then?
its ok.. you're amongst friends... mine is already disturbing to many.
&gt;Things that bypassed Wexico: &gt; &gt;* heatwave we get the most sun &gt;* civilization at least we're not carrying around hurls to look cool. &gt;* sewage systems New one being installed &gt;* culture Chris de Burg &gt;* hurling 1996 &gt;* industrialisation Strawberries &gt;* RTE Player Who the fuck needs that?
20 is warm enough.
I'm going to lose signal. I'll tell you shortly
less than one min to downvote a post! I am impressed. would you like a medal?
He does not clean. He won't clean
I'll bring dessert
Absolutely
If you are all living in the one house then it's cause for concern. Did the dog bite her or did the dog try get the food out of her hand and bite it? if it's the later then I think you'll have to find a way to ensure the dog and the children are not alone together especially if they have food. if the dog just bit her then I think you'd have to give some thought to rehoming the dog unfortunately. If you're not all living together then it's a none issue, but the dog out or in a different room when the kids are visiting. this is what I do when the grandkids are visiting, as my older dog doesn't like them.
I'd phone around your local animal shelters. How bad is the bite? Can you wait a few days and leave the dust settle before deciding anything?
because it's only little
I'd say to poor little thing.
No he's not. But that adds to my stress
It is gone now. but it was s good one
Bed linen! I've ons more bed to do. Then a normal wash. Rock and roll baby
I'm going to throw it out.. you've no blankie now
The poor dog. Mine was badly abused for the first year of her life and still has the mental scars. I fucking hate people
but you'll have to return the favour
Jack and gin... suffering bastards
sex, loads of sex.. hot curry and a warm bath.
I'll put on the stockings and suspenders so.
Yep.. mine is mad. But he's way to hyper for small kids as he will knock them down.
We're ahead by 2 points. Watching from behind the cushions
So are we!!
And I was just getting ready to organise another cruise
No, were they good? I didn't realise they were on.
I've taken a sleeping tablet, I'm not getting out of this bed.
Yeah......
We've always done it and opened the front door to leave in the new year and opened the back door to leave out the old one.
It would seem half of the users on reddit are autistic going on hiw they describe themselves as being autistic, so him being autistic is nothing unusual.
I'm a red head with grey eyes. from a family of red heads and none of us have green eyes.
Not the same but my sister is disabled (DS) and she has always been treated as a person first disability second. i hope you understand my point.
it's never going to be successful. Forcing people to have children and forcing people not to have is very wrong.
in my womb.
Ah its awful news.
my radio in work is so old, think double tape deck and its stuck on today fm, I'm afraid to move it
Don't be a see you next Tuesday.
the hate has worked. Well i found a man to open it for me. I may have lost my "i don't need a man t shirt".
They look like hickys
I agree with a uniform, but beards, makeup and hair are irrelevant to a childs education and its bullshit to enforce it on pupils.
Irrelevant to being in school.
Without the bit of craic and banter at work it would be a very depressing long day in there. I also work in one of the most un pc places ever, but I think its the nature of the thing as they can be dealing with awful stuff on a daily basis and need to let off steam. I won't mention our Christmas party. But generally nights out are always good fun.
I hate the gossip, its funny because know all the gossip, i get told all of it. Recently I was the centre of said gossip and it really upset me. But fortunately the people who I work with know me and no that there was a different side to the story. But I hate gossip.
Vodka. Offer to babysit for a full night and give her a hotel voucher for the same night. or vodka
noise pollution, killing birds, and cancer. Or mind control. There's a lot of people against them. I don't understand why they are against thrm.
they seem to have been around for ever.
My daughter went through similar a few years ago and the women's refuge in Wexford were a great help to her, as in they helped with forms and telling her how to go about things.
[Detailed directions ](https://youtu.be/dL_PXBt85rY)
just say "you've a beautiful baby, what is their name?".
Can you get some sent to you?
For me its taste, fanta tastes very chemically to me, club orange is much fresher
I'm a grandmother. My kids could have 10 or none, I didn't care. But they're here now. But they're great fun, you have more time with them. But I wouldn't mind them every day, they are exhausting.
that wouldn't surprise me. But watch out I will kidnap you and make you pick strawberries
Ah, that is sad, it was such a lovely story.
If ever there was a strippers name
What happened?
Yes!! i hate the fucker
I want to wake up when its not dark.
its never ending
Not mine
Nope I've a secret fund deduction to llamas
Oh I'm thinking Tom Hardy
Two Tom Hardys?
I'd end up going to my mammy!!
Where the feck do you think he got the €600 worth of weed? Just because its weed doesn't mean its not coming from the same gangs as the ones that are supplying coke.
Absofuckinglutely
Finians Rainbow land?
oh share!!
Bit early for that language
oh he's an evil genius
But what about other people's secrets? My friends would sometimes send me very personal messages about them, i would not feel comfortable with my boyfriend seeing those messages as they are not mine to share.
What about your own or his privacy?
i don't baby sit my grandchildren. I love them, they're great fun. But I work 5 days a week and I've a great social life.
Christ almighty
You should have seen his little heart break
Traffic on the sub maybe?
Jesus, Wexford is the centre of Ireland.. best county in Ireland for strawberries
I'd invite them to Wexford to come pick strawberries
Oh saw that episode as well, just awful.
Wow.
Hows that going?
Scaremongering. It'll create chaos in the hospitals as people will panic if they get a sniffle after eating a Chinese takeaway.
Its not about taking sides its about understanding that people grieve in different ways.
Ah ok, so your grief is dependent on lenght if time rather than love. Interesting way of looking at things.
From what i gather they seem to have brought it on themselves when they refused to allow Dunnes to open a store opposite the Dunbrody ship, its now a car park.
Rather than focus on the birthday, focus on the now and do things now with them.. the small things like spending time with them and laughing with them and crying with them are much more important than anything else. I am very sorry that you are going through this.
No.
yep, most people in the industry would telk you to do the same.
you're quare!! but its quare we have so many. Get you're Wexford right.
Then you don't or can't avail of the free travel.
Why would it be grand? Its just weird that it's only being covered now. It seemed to have vanished last week.
Ah no!! which one? I'm so sorry xx
you're going to have to come clean.
I think boredom made them go out.
It's a fabulous bridge to drive over
I am hiding out inside the house
Dunnes Waterford moved their ladies section into city square and started selling clothes etc.
Fuckers!!
Because we live is coutry where people can have faith. Its not my thing, but if someone can find some strength in their faith who are we to judge? You can still have faith and understand what the catholic church has done wrong. Also, those girls were put into homes by their families, so I think that they are to blame as well as the church l.
Hopefully because he ran he might get a longer ban and a bigger fine.
It is a bit America where they live to work. Most other countries work to live.
Honestly women are as bad... nothing worse than sitting on the toilet and realising to late that you've sat on someone elses cold piss.
because it's easier to blame the church than look at themselves and i would imagine going from what my mother has said that many of those girls were raped and pregnant by their fathers/brothers/uncles/grandfathers so they hid their dirty little secrets.
You'll have to explain that one too me!
I'm waiting with baited breath
Well..... the word slut usually refers to women, so can I use the word slut as non gender specific and require an Irish male slut? Jesus that sentence was some effort to compose. Basically I want an Irish man whore.
Ah have your camping chair at the ready, just in case and start queuing at 5am ehen they announce that they are opening.
Christ yes. When you asked my father where was my mother his was reply was "she's gone off with a black man" ask my mother where was my father, his reply was "he's gone off with a blonde in a short skirt ".
Ah right, you're the same age as my eldest and I'd doubt she knows what complan is.
I have always had a soft spot for them, they're pretty harmless. And when their mother died last year they were heartbroken, they spoke about her on some tv programme, can't remember which one
I was expecting to have gained weight... but i finally stood on the scales and I'm still the same weight, still fat just not fatter.
That poor child. I really don't understand this.
I had the same thoughts about her, brave girl.
I'll see what happens when I open them!
Everything seems to have slowly crept up in price, that you don't notice it for a month or so. But you're right, right now there's not much difference price wise between Tesco and Lidl or Aldi.
One of my favourite funny posts about down syndrome people was done by Waterford whispers.. i try find it.
It's a brilliant article and unfortunately many people got upset about it, i think they missed the point because they didn't understand that patting on the head or when people tilt their head talking to disabled people is so condescending... person first disability second... thats my rant for the day.
Has it really gotten that bad? I understand the why and unfortunately you can't be on here 24/7. But I don't think that this is a good way to go about it. Sometimes late at night you see posts from people needing to talk.
I'm fed up reading and seeing them. Maybe when new mods come on board they are living in a different time zone and can monitor the 12am to 8am hours.
Are there still early houses around the place?
yep, i absolutely hate it!! I miss the structure of work and the distinction between work and home life.
I take you don't. These were always only temporary laws and now they are gone.
Or get a van and bring it home in the back of that.
Its just all very weird
https://imgur.com/a/clrOGLR i get this, the blue bar moves for about a second then thats it. Now I'm on my phone using RIF is that the issue? The issue is RIF.
Misrepresentation is my guess. My 5 year old grandson wants to be a wolf/dragon hunter some days and some days he wants to wear a dress to twirl around in. 4 year old granddaughter wants to be a cowboy and ride unicorns instead of horses.
That's such a good scene in a movie
What was he hoping to achieve?
I'll go back to wearing a bra every day.
Tits.
They are for the dog.
No bother... send me your address
because the attitude seems to one of "I've got mine fuck you", never thinking that one day that they'll need help from others.
I think that the queues for Penney's will at least 2 mile long and people are probably camping outside some stores tonight.
I've put cheap kids runners in the washing machine, but there's no way I'd chance putting new expensive ones in.
I saw elsewhere that the Inbetweeners has been removed, but that was the daily mail reporting it. I don't understand it.
You could go commando. As for Tesco's, they are or were asking you not to browse and some of the clothing department was closed off. But look people queue up at 5 am on Stephens Day for the next sale and i don't get that either.
Thats grand if you're close to those shops and can afford M &amp; S my friends and kids bought stuff online from H &amp; M and George at Asda.
Never!!! I honestly thought timbuktu was in or around outer Mongolia, until a few years ago when my cousin went there.
they're only pretend culchies
I'm not sure if it's legal but people do.
Great photo. I wonder where they are now?
&gt; That movie is about as Irish as Boston. so more Irish than the Irish
Ah ok, I've never seen it.
I'm from a village, I'm related to almost everyone through my mother and know them all. My fathers father was from about 7 miles away, don't know any if them, hus mother was from a place called Snow Hill in a different county and I'd know more of them.
Always
Its pissing rain... that's enough. I'm going to the dentist and I can't use their bathroom either.
why would it be?
We hate Derek Savage. Surely the vinegar would have evaporated by now???
Reality is were not going to want to go for a meal every time we want to go to the pub. and pay at least €9 for it.. it's either go and pay for the dinner and not eat it or just don't go to the pub.
I think your parents are mad, but for a different reason, why in the name of fuck would you do that your self??? 16, 17 year olds in your house for a party, my worst nightmare.
Probably because it was reported, if a comment is reported x amount of times it's automatically removed
I really like superquinn sausages
Now that they're available in Centra they are my Sunday treat.
So disappointed in this.
I would lose my life if someone took my dogs.
My dogs are my babies. I am their mammy. I have kids, but I prefer my dogs:) they listen to me.
&gt;I honestly didn’t know that there was a garda funeral today but I don’t think it matters that I post this now. not woke enough to know what's happening in the real world?
That's bloody horrific, that poor woman.
Facebook likes
The last time I bought big Lego was about 8 years ago and I can't remember seeing them then.
Classic, 2 sets.. one was €50 the othet €30.
Scumbags going to scum. but unfortunately I know that this isnt the first time that this has happened.
Ah we all know that lego tastes like
Is there anything that can be done?
more likely cereal killers if there spoon is first
They're all crazy in that group.
No I don't want to sue or anything like that. I just want them to get a better fecking alarm that doesn't wake the neighbours up. This is the second time that I'm aware of that the guards have been called about the alarm. And no, I don't know the people who own the house or their names, I'd see them once or twice a year and to say hello.
I think they are the best invention.
Due to my 5am wake up call i spent a good hour on that Facebook page, they're all cra cram
At 5 am this morning if I had a fucking stick long enough it would be on the road. I think a nice polite letter would be the way too go.
I'll go look in their windows later.
sambo is a sandwich, no more no less.
Well I'll start easy, but keep a log and go from there. I understand that they want their house secure... but at least infest in a better house alarm.
I tested negative a few weeks ago.
I have the same problems with finding a good cock.
ONCE AGAIN, IT'S ALL ABOUT THE GRAVY TRAIN FOR THE PC BRIGADE. AND YET THE PEOPLE WILL LIE DOWN AND TAKE THIS
Real butter? And where in the country are you that the sun is shining? Wexford is dank this evening.
oh... tell me more!! Fucking scales
The way around it is, is to have someone with open insurance to drive the car to the NCT centre.
Is this realistic?
worked thanks
Made her dinner instead
&gt;When Missy (the mom) made a video for her hospital bag, she had makeup and all of her toiletries like it was a vacation. So she shouldn't shower etc., while in hospital? the vast majority of people who go need to stay in hospital bring toiletries.
If you think thats bad, look at the Facebook page about the holiday makers!! Actually I think its gone now... now they can't wait for the dubs to come down. The owner was on RTE when she posted that sign.
My mother used to go every week ti get her hair done. I've friends who go every 6 weeks to get their roots done. Too me that is high maintenance!!
You need to go to the guards and get a protection order, for your families safety and it will be hard but you can't live like that. also the guards will help if you need him to be sectioned. It's a horrible situation to be in.
She is DS so other than that she's no health problems, the not being able to breathe is i suspect psychosomatic and she gets panicky.
You can sell your account
hashtag Mary Lou its pathetic. The people voting for SF haven't a bloody clue about their politics.
I think you are very wrong, I see/hear it in a daily basis. Edit: I read your comment wrong.
and I'm hungover rule?
I'm a redhead, I have no soul and no god.
I'm a nanny and I can tell you that my nanny state is exciting
&gt;Anybody who says different is full of shit. and we hate them
I've eaten it. Now I'm thinking chipper, and I'll eat that in bed
Thats dedication
extra cake on Tuesday?
Lovely veins!! It's weird when doctors or nurses compliment you like that
I met her a few times while I was working with Development Education, fair trade etc., and she was lovely
Charity work is important as well, and more people would know Adi Roche as opposed to Robert Boyle. Edit: The chairty she worked with made a huge impact on the lives of those kids. Edit: it's also not a "small charity".
oh that's great that you are seeing them. You've posted about not being able to see them.
But the unfortunate thing is I do walk into doors!! My elbow is cut from falling on Friday. I'm fecking mortified.
I've finished Mrs Masiel she is fantastic and it is beautiful to look at.
Started the Americans and forgot about it again, hated Ozark.
Well... my friends husband threw a life bouy at me. Bordertown looks good as well.
I'm surprised i didn't need stitches. Bordertown is on the list. thanks
