Coots has 24pts in 28 games and was easily our best forward last night. He hasn’t regressed.
The eye test also correlated with this data too. Early in the season they were generating so many really good scoring chances, just not finishing them.
Hip Czech by Victory
Boobs.
Hate that Blom is scratched.
Have a goal drought? Play the Flyers, we got you covered.
Nice reverse hit by Simmer.
Doesn’t help when your defense can’t clear the fucking zone.
Probably on a bender since we blew a two goal lead in under 2 minutes.
We suuuuuckk.
What do you expect from a 5 string goalie who played 3 games in a year before being called up?
Switching to isopropyl Alcohol
Lose for Hugs, suck coco for kakko
Slaughts killing it this year.
Jake talking shit after the reverse hit, love that.
My derp works for Cheevy.
Just won the cup against the Avs in 2019-2020.
Possibly knee, he’s had two knee injuries in his young career too. Not good.
Doubt Q would show his face at one of the most popular tourist destinations in Philly before a huge announcement.
Neuvy. He’s healthy. Hopefully Moose is ready to return soon.
Slaughts showed up tonight.
Fletch about to take the axe to this roster and coaching staff, judging his facial expression there.
Sucko for Kaapo
Refs managed to not fuck up a fumble (blocked kick actually) recovery against the cowboys.
Today?
Scott Laughton, 2019 1st and Morgan Frost for Connor McDavid.
/s/
Holy fucking balls!!!!
Fuck Cox is hurt.
That’s cute, an eagles suck chant. Dumb fucks.
We’re still super bowl champs, they aren’t.
Saint fucking Nick.
Nicks balling tonight. Good start, all things considered.
Cologne commercials make no fucking sense.
Fuck the pens
Is it a crime to love both of them?
Fucking clutch wow what a pick!
Fuck Goff and your fantasy.
Where’s that “Eagles suck” chant now, Rams fans? Fuck you.
Wentz will learn this skill, he’s still a kid.
Let’s do this!
Yep. Refs conveniently swallowing their flags.
Magic of Big Game Nick Foles. Wow.
This is practically a home game.
Keep it simple Doug. Move the ball, bleed the clock and no stupid shit.
Fuuuuuuuuckk me.
Panthers game ptsd.
Awful fucking drive. Absolute opposite of what we needed.
Fuuuucking right boys!!!
My boy DJ!
🙀
Sweet winter flower.
Stupid Doug and his stupid 1 yard gut runs on 3rd down.
Holy shit!!!!!
UBI from lifting his newborn.
What a fucking shit show.
Post those gains bro.
Somethings not adding up. This article claims “talks have broken down between Q and someone within the Flyers organization” but Fletch hasn’t even asked for permission to talk to Q.
Because you get a stupid little patch and you can brag that the hood fur is made of real Coyote ass.
From what I’ve read, they do since Q is still under contract with the Hawks. But who knows what is actually going on
Was this when that Godla guy was godly?
Nicos junior production in the Q was good but he didn’t solidify his top 2 status until he dominated the WJC. I think Hughes has more game breaking talent than Nico. We’ll see how he performs at the WJC. Hughes USNDP production is already stellar.
I know Hart will show up tonight and give it his all, don’t know about the rest of the team.
Barron McComputerwizz.
He wasn’t arrested, he was charged in Finland I believe.
He’s got this. Kid is solid. D needs to do their job and Hart will be fine.
Hip Czech by Victory.
And the very next day, you gave it to TK.
Oh shit poor Tk
An absolute unit.
Was that his dad? Looked like a grandpap
Teeeeeeeks!!!
TK-421
Very good so far.
He’s gotta make as many Gudas spawns as possible
Fuck yeah Reemer
That was fun. Some great saves by Hart. Let’s keep it up!!
This ref has a rod up his ass, what a weak call.
His mom is so happy, too cute.
Fuck yes Madko!!!
My derp works for Chevy
Pattys been back checking like a maniac all game.
TK ain’t no bitch
Fuck yes ghost what a play
Nice
Crowed is lit tonight. The boys look so much better. Man, they must have hated Hak.
Really good feed by Danger Dale.
Hart could fart and this crowd would lose it
Fuck yes boys!!!!!!
Phenomenal effort all around.
Get that kid the PoG helmet.
This kid is a freaking gem.
Sandheim and Patrick both looked super freaking good tonight. You can tell Gordon knows Sandman well as his utilization was on point tonight.
Given how the team played last night, I don’t think Fletcher is going to rush and make a trade within the next hour.
Great play by Martel, I’m glad this kid is getting a chance.
Parayko is such a stud. I would love to have him.
I think he’s just bouncing to the KHL. He didn’t get much playing time for the Phantoms. Flyers have contract space too so I don’t think it’s an indication of a large trade.
Why? I thought the 4th line looked really good.
What’s your savings account paying out? High yield savings accounts and money markets will pay at least 2.25% interest and will protect you from inflation. Shit bank account savings accounts pay like 0.0001%, which is a fucking joke. You might want to check that out.
Move it to a high yield savings account or a money market fund. I moved my savings from my bank to a Vanguard money market fund. Went from making &lt;$2.00 a year in interest to $18.00 in November the money is still easily accessible and now protected against inflation.
Ovy just called Sid a POS.
Game is lit so far. This is fun.
What’s that?
Yes I see it. Middle leftish. Wtf
Back to Russia, probably to get paid and play in the KHL.
Can’t stand those Target commercials.....Turn it round round round turn it round then turnaround like fuck you cunt.
Interpol got him.
Same could be said about Mason’s tenure too.
Hartsy❤️
Slaughts playing with some JAM tonight.
Fucking love Hartsy.
Kimmo!!!!!!!!!
aw fuck so close Ghost.
Lucky goal, nothing Hart could do.
Edge is better looking, IMO. Mazda CX-5 would be a wiser choice.
G!!!!!!!
Holy shit a signed G Jersey!!! Jelly.
Bad Provy, go to time out.
10
Daily acid trips.
Shit call.
Starter fucking Hart. WFC might implode.
Sanheim has looked great when he gets extended ice time. He’s really blossoming.
We’re here with you, bud.
You fucking kidding me, Refs?
Not even an elbow. Neat.
Hart’s looking pretty, pretty, pretty good.
Textbook, dangerous board...no call. Way to be refs. Assholes.
Bundy’s probably raging right now.
I’m about to fucking lose it. Are you kidding me?
That is so fucking weak.
Love Coots.
That was nuts.
Amazing game. PK was great. Hart looked excellent. WFC was fucking LIT too. Love it.
Provy’s going to be out in time out for this. ..
It’s buttoned now. Lol.
Sanheim too.
He’s also feeling the pressure of a contract year, I think that’s in his head as well. He’ll be fine in the long run.
Fanatics is junk. I hate that shit.
Keith is not what he used to be. He’s on the twilight of his career. Giving up too much for him would be a mistake.
The team plays with Heart when Hart is in net. May as well give Starter the starts.
Tk and Patty seem like two fun dudes.
Cooter putting in some work there.
Wtf is with Provy? Like seriously dude.
They’re booing already. Fans gotta get behind the fucking team.
Fucking right Phil!!!!!
Don’t know how they didn’t call interference there.
Flyera showed up tonight. I suspect they’ll show up tomorrow too, with Neuvy minding the net.
Have you been reading? No one is putting it on Hart.
Fucking Bob and his lunging saves.
We missed it too on cable.
Reeeeeemeeeerrr
Snek brought it back into our zone.
There’s a Louis vutton bag next to you.
Love how they call this roughing but Foles being tackled by the face mask isn’t. Officiating inconsistencies are killing this sport.
Call them?
Football, easily.
Perfection.
I hope he can stay healthy. I think he’ll be a good player, just like Miller a bit more.
Mother fucker.
You’re irrelevant.
Saint fucking Nick. Dude is a fucking monster.
I think so.
Good offensive surge there
Simmonds with about 5 turnovers that shift.
Typical Flyera game. Tons of offensive pressure early in the 1st then, on defensive breakdown, they yield a goal against.
Absolutely nothing.
He opened the camera and it was in selfie mode. They left right after that before he could even get a shot. Lol!
Yeah he failed to keep it at the point causing an odd man rush.
Hopefully Hartsy stays
Slaughts has been playing well this year too.
Simmer is playing like a guy that’s about to be traded.
Really nice one handed pass by Patty
Choo choo bitches.
Guda’s sister. I don’t think he’d fuck Madkos girl.
His hair is wet and looked thin. People observed it and felt the need to comment on it.
She’s trying to catch you distracted. Just tell her you’ll procreate when they win a playoff series.
You have plenty of time. Parents just love grandkids because they get all of the fun of being a parent to a kid again without any of the hardship that comes with it.
Oh G that toe drag was glorious. So close.
Pretty sure he’s using a smaller stick this year due to the shoulder injury from the playoffs last season.
I guess I’m not retiring any time soon.
Probably down.
You should be almost completely out of equities if you’re retired. Bonds and short term reserves should make up the majority of your nest egg.
Hatty!
Plays for Penn State too. He’s think they said he’s leading rookies in scoring in the NCAA? Either way, he was very impressive today.
This guy.
So far , so good. Liked him a lot in LV
Good chance there.
Mother fucker how did that stay out?
Rfflcptr
Patty was going to let him go when he went down but Cirreli kept punching so Patty started pounding him lol
Holy fuck g. Holy duck.
Please be onside.
You get a penalty too
I Would have loved to hear JJ and Bills reaction to Gs goal.
Patrick injured something
Just saw Patrick walk back down the tunnel again. Weird.
The passing reminds me of Canada vs Denmark last night on the pp
Point reminds me a lot of G. Kid is real good
Danger Dale over here. Good shit.
Raf having one of those games where he looks amazing.
Dem Khakis
Well shit.
Remember when we used to dominate 3v3?
Rare, rare mistake by G. Love the comeback, just wish they could finish it.
He’s on pace for a 50pt season at 21 so yes, it is possible
Simmer just gliding there. Jesus.
Can’t get a call our way. Neat.
Holy moly. What a save by Gudy.
Dadko was just protecting his sonny boy Hart
He’s on pace for a 50pt season.
We’re all part of the derpy family.
Where the fuck were the forward? No one was fucking back checking.
Hart is fucking good, this team(aside from G and a few other players) are fucking bad.
You’re uncle is an Eagles fan. This might be a sign.
Farabee is playing a really good game too tonight. He’s not on a line with Hughes and he’s creating a decent amount of scoring chances too.
One thing that frustrates me about the Pp is that it hasn’t changed in 3 years. It’s literally the same thing despite Knoblach(spelling?) taking over a few years ago. They just run a cycle play around the perimeter and hope for a 1 timer from G or Ghost and Snek either feeds them or tosses the puck into the paint for Simmer. Teams have caught onto this and it hasn’t changed.
He had Tate for the 1st too.
Gotta catch that Tate.
Perfect fucking pass. Even better catch.
They’re seriously letting that asshole ref again?
Adams running smartly. Love it.
Kid got a ball. Win. Win.
D Line is feasting.
Cox baby
HSS-Huge Sack Studfeld.
Camarossa got his ass handed to him.
Holy shit Chia must really think highly of Manning. And To think we almost got something of value for him last year.
Damn son.
I thought I read that Caufield continued to excel when Hughes went to the WJC. Indicating he likely isn’t a byproduct of Hughes.
Lucas Raymond is going to be a fucking stud.
It would be stupid to trade Ghost now. We know what he’s capable of when he’s on his game. It’s o a great contract and if he returns to his old 65pt self we’d be golden.
I hope he signs a reasonable deal.
This guy is high. He must be. Coots is a million times better than Hayes and is on steal of a contract. Coots isn’t going anywhere.
Ah Mark Streit. Dude broke his dick and wasn’t the same after that.
Schenner never really excelled for us 5on5 if I recall. The majority of his production was on the PP for us.
RoR is a beast.
Not gunna lie, Chara is badass.
Yeah I’m okay with the risk. This was a scouts pick, clearly the loved the guy and rumor has it that another team was interested in him as well in the 1st. I was hoping we’d pick Miller but it is what it is.
They haven't signed anyone and they have several weeks before we need to start worrying.
I wonder what the deal could have been. ROR is one of my favorite nonflyers.
There’s nothing impressive about it. Anyone can open a brokerage account and buy a cheap stock like GE.
Man that would be a terrible trade.
I’m glad Fletch tried but Hayes is not a player worth overpaying.
It’s also a fucking shit hole which doesn’t help.
ROR is such a beast.
And the Oscar goes to...
Schemnergy!!!
Loving these f bombs.
And he “woooed” like Rick Flair. Lol
I care you fucking cunt.
Fletcher was looking for a Vet RHD to pair with Provy. I think that’s where the Flyers see value in this trade as Gudas was Mostly a bottom pairing defensiveman for us.
Is $400 for healthcare normal? I pay like $14 biweekly for a HDP. The other plans my employer offers aren’t much more expensive than that either...
National Hero in Czech Republic is probably what he meant.
Sweet. Braun is a solid player. *edit*. Maybe a tad bit of an overpayment now that I think of it for a stop-gap solution.
God damn that’s way too much.
It’s like Homer is the GM again.
Provy reminds me a lot of Edward Vlasic, Braun’s long time partner, I can see Provy - Braun pairing being viable.
We know.
Hopefully it’s like closer to 6.5 than 7...
Oof that’s a lot..
I hope he’s worth it because holy shit that’s a lot.
JVR was a Hexy signing.
It’s a lot of money but think of it this way, he’s being overpaid by $750k and about 2 years too many. That’s not going to break the bank.
I hope Chuck is as pragmatic as Hexy was when it comes to resigning RFAs.
Gritty &lt;3
KT looking good.
Kids a beast.
Yeah.
Other years have been cringier but yes.
Why hello there.
Suddenly SNL.
Much deserved.
RORs trophy shelf starting to get crowded.
I think most of the complaints are from people who haven’t watched the NHL awards before. This isn’t nearly as cringy as previous years.
That’s Jason Zuckers wife?
Kel!!!!!
They mentioned it and showed her when he won the king Clancy.
What.
Damn. I shed a tear.
Why are they watching this in the club too?
Ben Bishop should have won.
Sad Choo.
Lol Simmer the no show.
I love Simmer &lt;33
What?
Imagine being that good at Public speaking.
Loved, loved, loved going to Eagles training camp at Lehigh. Except that day Andy’s son passed away...
They’re adding shit they could easily patch into NHL 19 and charging $60 for. Typical EA.
Pretty sure it’s DJ MDZ remix from when he was on the team. Not even joking.
Oooh I’m excited. This is gunna be good.
Holy shit LOL
Aves take Byram. They gotta.
Dach is the new PLD.
Seider is gunna be a stud.
That’s in men’s league bruh.
Give me Caufield!!!!
Pray Caufield drops.
Remember when Hexy passed on Debrincat? This sub lost its shit.
Cole Smiley Boy Caufield.
Come here Smily. Drop to 11 plz.
Give me Goal Caufield.
Fucking fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck duck fuxk fuck duck fuxk you Fletch. I wanted Smiley boy.
Boldy, not Pod.
Bet we’ll take Lavoie
Please chuck. Take Cole. Plz.
Good value. No doubt.
No.
I mean. York is good and we need defensiveman but we’re going to regret not drafting Cole.
It’s Debrincat all over again.
Give us your Gingers.
We were mocked to take York a few times. It’s not a bad pick lol.
Remember when we took Laberge over Debrincat? How we all raged at Hexy? That’s how I feel...again...
The same people are acting like Ghost is gone immediately. York won’t be NHL ready for at least 3 years. Who knows what our blue line will look like then?
Frost doesn’t have high end potential? Lol.
York is at least 3 years from making the NHL. Ghost isn’t going anywhere, yet.
Yep. Same scouting staff, including Chris Pryors son who scouts the USNDP, I think we can trust their choice.
Who in the AHL pipeline? Friedman? Our Defensive prospect pull is nearly empty. Phantoms D is actually a concern going into this season, lol.
That’s pathetic.
They fit terribly too.
I’d love to move up and grab Lavoie. Kids a unit.
York was mocked to us through-out the year... this pick shouldn't be that big of a surprise to people.
Bunch of YT Scouts acting like they know what they're talking about. Clearly York was BPA for the Flyers at 14.
https://www.broadstreethockey.com/2019/6/22/18713042/2019-nhl-draft-round-2-arthur-kaliyev-brett-leason-raphael-lavoie-philadelphia-flyers
Met is becoming a nightmare.
Great fucking name. Love it.
45 and 60something.
It’s a good pick. He was projected to go in the 1st round so Fletch trading back, and subsequently trading up in the 2nd,basically netted us two first round picks
And he’s got size at 6’4
No tanner Laczynski. Wade Allison will be attending though.
I hope we sign Slaughts too. Kids a fine bottom 6 player and had a really good season last year.
He made that hit in his first shift on Dahlin, and scored once or twice, that’s what I remember about Hartman. Oh and stupid penalties.
Sounds like Piltick plays right wing, per Dallas fans.
This was posted two post down.
Simmer signs $7mX8yr deal with the pens, destroys their cap for a near decade.
Go get paid Mr. Train.
I wish this team would show up on these West Coast trips. They look so disinterested. Kinda irked me that McDouchebag snows Moose and nearly murders Provy and no one gives a shit.
Let’s be real JJ, the DOPS won’t be looking at that hit.
Congrats your barely making more than you did last year when you account for inflation alone. How generous of your employer.
Fucking awesome. I think if he started the season hot he’d be a sure contender.
Shoulda kicked a FG but I remain hopeful.
No flag again eh? Fuck this league.
Take the fucking field goals Doug. Could have been 17-15 with 2 minutes left and 3 TOs.
Love how NBC is playing off the 🤡ny hit.
I wouldn’t consider McCown playing as “featured”.
Imagine keeping this in your back pocket to validate an unpopular opinion (at the time) from over a half a year ago.
Yep. Could have been 17-15 with 2 minutes left and 3 time outs, Seattle ball.
Oline played like shit. Stood around when the QB still had the ball. Helped the player up that took out your QB. Not cool.
Oline pissed me the fuck off this game.
Yeah the QB who won several games in the clutch, battling to get in the playoffs, might not have changed the outcome of the game had he not been injured. Dumb ass comment, Wentz has been playing lights out leading up to this game.
Stupid comment.
Pukeas Walmart
Oh no Moose!! Fuck.
Pitlick was a great pickup.
Fuck yeah NAK!
I fucking hate that meep meep meep horn that half of the damn Metro teams use.
Lol for fucks sake. Screwed by a quick whistle again.
I wonder if he was the ref the screwed us with a similar quick whistle last year.
That was fucking HOT!!!!!
Holy shit Sign Guy has his TK sign up a nano second after the puck went in.
Pretty obvious trip there refs.
Wilson is such a biiittcchh
Ain’t no laws when your drinking Longclaws
I know it just benefited us but wtf is with NHL and quick whistles????
Unfuckingreal
Did anyone see G fake going after Gudas? Lol
He tickles mine as well and I’m a dude.
Suck a chord, Wilson.
Nice dive by Carrlsssoon. What a bitch
Color me shocked. We’re going on the Pee Pee.
I’m enjoying this exchange. Bunch-o boneheads.
I’m no noggin doctor but I’d wager concussions aren’t good for people who suffer from routine migraines.
Depends on the condition and if it has the thermos. I think they’re worth anywhere from $30-$350.
Kinda wish this stuff was in the new trilogy.
They’re so self aware of the Jackson Jynx too.
420!!!!
🤮
The pessimism is temporary. This is the usual “world is falling” attitude Philly Team GDPs take on during a losing streak.
Imagine all the healthy players, winning games and things o-ooo-oooo
Cooooter!
I’m erect!
Someone get the kid a carrot.
How did Bunny lose his teeth?
It amazes me how much the rat gets away with.
Sandy is a fucking beast when he goes behind the net and back out front like that!!!!
Shoulda been a call.
Man what an insane OT. Wow
Telescopic leg........
Oh man G that was a dirty move. Insane ducking save.
Hart is unbelievable.
Why a game!!!!!!!
Hart is unbelievable in the SO. Great game. Anyone catch that stat around the beginning of the 2nd where it said the Bruins are 199-1-5 when leading by 3 goals? Lol!
This happened in my area. Deerpark (Nestle) bought a public spring, where we used to get our water for free. Now you can buy that very same water all over Pennsylvania. It even says it’s from the spring in my home town.
Wasted Wednesdays!!
Blues on a 9 game home win streak and on the cusp of setting a franchise record? That doesn’t bode too well for us, historically....
Not much Moose could do about that
Don’t we have an awful record with this young ref?
I miss that flow
Close.
Oh fuck me that was a pretty play.
Stupid puck. Go in the net!!!!!
Slaughts!!
Textbook hit there.
Fucking A Rfflcptr
That was ducking Dirty
You’re right, just a simple cross check to the fucking neck.
That’s so fucking weak. For fucks sake this ref crew is terrible. I fucking hate TJ FucksMore
Fucking excellent kill
Fucking hate TJ Luxmore and his crew. They always call a one sided game against us.
They could have called like two slashes on G when he stole the puck behind the Blues net but noooooo, nooooo they call a shit one on is because why the fuck not?
Bet we don’t get a Pp the rest of the game.
No cross check eh refs? Fuck you.
Fuck the post so much.
Holy fuck
I wish they would make a 38mm version.
TK is so fucking good.
Need some Smiths.
First time watching the Wings. Never watched NLL but I’m a huge hockey fan. This is very entertaining. Reminds me of old time hockey.
Caught some of this game on TV. Very entertainingly!!
Too bad all things must pass. OPs Grandma is just living in the past when she was fab.
Dude what a fucking play
I heard Crosby does the voice-over for Gus.
These three announcers are unbearable.
Snek looking great tonight.
Oh fuck yeah Reemer!!!
TK returning the favor to JVR. Nice pass, excellent finish.
The Moose is loose baby!!!!
Right like what the fuck is he talking about?
Fucking right!!!
Dinkleberry.
Get fucked Mike Dinkleberry.
No. Hardline blows.
Same as if ever was..
This or some kind of tiered system that ultimately screws anyone under 50.
Teeks doing the fastest skater. Teeks scoring at one point and I think I saw him chirp Jarry at one point.
Pretty sure Hertl hit that last target twice.
This digital thing blows.
Damn that dangle was sick.
Woah!
She was at some of the blues playoff games last year and I guess since she’s a celebrity the NHL jumped on the opportunity.
This sounds like my kind of weekend.
Dude that’s fucking terrifying. I grew up in the woods as well and I can only imagine. One time I heard a horrific nice and it turned out to be a baby deer calling for its mom. Nearly shit myself at the time, though.
Fascinatingly specific request. Good luck OP.
Noise... I derped.
88.5 WXPN is still for music lovers if you’re in the Philly area.
How do you know him?
“Just a couple of bad apples”. Seems more like a rotten orchard to me.
Gotta love how they gang-rush and tackle someone standing completely still, with their hands up. The fascist pigs are doing a good job of proving our point. Fucking ridiculous.
See that’s the problem with you and the police, you’re acting under the assumption that everyone being pulled over could be guilty of the most heinous crimes and should be treated as such. But guess what, we have a criminal justice system set-up to provide proper punishment. It’s not the officers job to brutalize someone, especially if they’re clearly surrendering. A split second of compassion goes along way, bud.
“bOtH sIdEs aRe ThE sAmE”
Look at how brutal the police response has been nation-wide to the protests. They’re already conditioned to view the situation as “us vs them”. They’ll have no moral issue lining the opposition up to be executed via firing squad before too long. We’re basically in the The Handmaid’s Tail, just substitute infertility with the coronavirus and you have 2020 USA.
What wallet is that?
Yeah, I couldn’t decipher it either.
I’ve had a driving warning, not even a ticket, with more fucking information on it.
Damn their harmonies are perfect.
So I’m going to have to buy GTA V for the 3rd time aren’t I?
Lack of eyebrow hair.
This a game you want to play while stoned.
Oh shit new RE!
This is theft. Absolute theft from the tax payer. We deserve to know where our taxes went.
What’s annoying is the PS4/XB1 version was the “enhanced” version of the PS3/360. I can’t imagine how much more “enhanced” the next gen GTA V will be. Rockstar is really milking the shit out of Online. Shame they never released any DLC because for the stores mode.
The irony of Trump pretending to give a fuck about the 2nd Amendment. Dude banned bump stocks and wanted to take peoples guns away without Due Process. “Take guns first, go through Due Process second”.
This is a huge “for people” ruling, bud.
“Land of the free”. What a joke, doesn’t this country have the highest incarceration rate in the world?
Yeah I don’t believe these fucks one bit. It’s 2020 and completely unacceptable for any police department or Sheriff’s office to operate without a dash cam and body cam.
This guy used to ref.
I’ve been seeing roadside vendors sell Trump dressed as Rambo flags, along with other Trump 2020 MAGA shit. These lunatics really see Trump as Rambo but in reality he’s a weak, obese demented old man.
“Staffers”. Nice of this article to downplay the position of the harassers is the title. They were mostly all EXECUTIVES. This wasn’t some disengaged assistant or interns doing this shit, it’s fucking Senior Staff. Unreal.
Okay but Bucks Country isn’t Central PA. Calling Harrisburg “central” is a stretch as well
You work for them?
Doesn’t look like he follows Connor Bunnaman on IG either. He was also a drafted player on the Rangers when Guest was a rookie.
Gotta whip out the ole 2A dog-whistle to rile the base into a fervor. This is the same asshole that claimed “take guns first, go through due process second”. Too bad their too fucking stupid to see he doesn’t give a shit about 2A.
I’m confused. What exactly has he done for them?
Nice, you can’t find these anywhere in person.
It’s psychological torture.
Oh, I didn’t know clean drinking water was such a burden.
I’d be more concerned about his inability to lift a glass of water than the ramp thing, if I was him.
His last playoff goal was when he was on the Flyers, scoring on The Penguins. Interesting.
Welcome to America, where doing the right thing comes at a cost.
A light is a light, is it not?
Yeah the live feeds showed the venue was hardly at 1/3rds capacity. These people will make up anything as long as it coincides with their version of reality.
It’s a power thing. Plus, some of them probably get off sending people to jail for something so minor.
Did that dude that punched him get charged?
I thought the dude on the left was Gob Bluth for a second.
Can someone explain what he is doing for us? Any Trump supporters want to chime in?
NextDoor is full of racist Karens.
Yeah, “Land of the Free”. We have the highest incarceration rate in the world. That sure doesn’t sound like freedom.
Cool sounds like there is zero reason to be fucking implanting people then.
Good luck Misha.
Guy who he assaulted declined to press charges.
Stop making excuses for this administration.
They can get away with it because their viewers lack critical thought.
Dude is desperately trying to distract from the Russian Bounty report.
Pretty sure this is brandishing. Big oof. Terrible trigger discipline and I’m pretty sure both of these morons muzzle swept each other at one point.
Bunch of non answers with a mixture of prepared ranting.
As if journalistic integrity is a bad thing too.
I’ll never forget Schenn getting absolutely rag-dolled by Kolvalchuk.
Okay.
You Canadians are doing it right. I wish we could be more like you all. Love you guys.
This is worse than Russian dark money supplying the Taliban weapons or generic funding. They were funding a fucking bounty program to incentivize the killing of US and Coalition forces. And the administration knew. If the shoe was on the other foot and a Democrat was in office, I’m sure you’re tone would be completely different.
