Weird thing is that they say we can’t just imagine faces; every face in your dream is someone you’ve actually seen. A real person. Maybe it was just someone in a crowd or some ad that you don’t even consciously remember, but someone that looks like your dream hubby is out there. Or maybe they’re full of shit, and you can dream of a face you’ve never seen. But still, weird. I mention this because I’ve had dreams like that, where I was actually loved, and wake up to being single, still, for 31 years running.
Regardless of the numbers, remember that Celestial does its damage INSTANTLY and Geomags takes an entire 8 seconds to do it. Even if Geomags is much higher total damage, its DPS is still not the same.
Nobody likes being preached to. That's probably what it feels like to them; as if you're beginning the conversation with "you're wrong and I want you to understand why." Nobody likes that. Nobody thinks they're wrong, and someone flat out saying they're wrong is basically saying you think they're stupid for not figuring it out. It feels like being talked down to, and nobody responds to that well unless they have very high levels of patience and saint-like lack of ego. You're basically "trying to convert them" in their eyes, even though you'd say it's not converting. And that's just not what friends are *for.* There are many, many, many things in this world that it's not worth arguing over, because you'll never change their mind with just a conversation anyway. Something THAT big, like a religion, or economic doctrine, or political stance...those are often dictated by someone's absolute core values and experiences. Nothing short of that will change their mind, certainly not some prat nagging them with what feels like empty words and condescension. My best friend as a child came from a VERY religious household, I didn't (parents were religious but not "church every Sunday" devout, and I pretty quickly realized I didn't *really* believe in it) but it never came up. He was just my friend, the friend I play Super Smash Brothers with and played on the swing set and tag and all that; who cared what he *believed?* He wasn't my friend because of that. If you keep this up your friends will simply not want to be around you. Decide if you *absolutely* need everyone close to you to think *exactly* as you do, or learn to love who people are and not always the conclusions they draw about the world...especially if those conclusions aren't actually harming anyone around them.
Changes I think that Voidwalker needs: **General** * Nova Bomb blast radius significantly improved; think D1 levels **Attunement of Chaos** * Speed up Chaos Accelerant to its old speed * If the damage of overcharged grenades got nerfed, undo that * Kills with the Bloom ability restore some ability energy * Cataclysm replaced by Shatter OR the Nova Bomb is just a regular one that sends out the seekers **Attunement of Hunger** * While the Devour effect is active, your Void abilities do more damage **Attunement of Fission** * Nova Warp has clearer, louder audio cues even when passive * Nova Warp does not kill roaming Supers in one hit (except Golden Gun) * Improve hit detection on Nova Warp so that it doesn't ignore cover * Reduce damage resistance during Nova Warp (not sure what it is now, to be honest, but it could stand to be less because of the mobility and healing the Super has) This leaves Nova Warp untouched in PvE for the most part, and in PvP would still be very strong but would require more strategy instead of "lol I kill everything and counter all Supers trying to stop me." You'd have to be more careful with positioning, teleport smarter, and not uselessly attack and just let your tankiness and health gain save you until you attack again. The buffs to the older attunements are needed.
People don't like being lied to. And that's exactly what creationism does; it is blatantly and unabashedly lying to everyone. Either through intentional deception, or through ignorance. If you suddenly declared to be a Flat Earther you'd get a similar reaction. If I attempted to criticize Christianity because "of all those Romans that Jesus raped and murdered" I'd get the same reaction; because I'm either *deliberately* lying, or I'm so goddamn stupid and ignorant of the topic that no one can ever trust my judgment again.
I think you’d have to, like, not put ANY dressing on a McD’s salad for it to be healthy.
Ah, I see you’re a man of culture as well.
https://m.imgur.com/a/9r5f3Ib
Yes...and that's why they're fixing the bug with it. Tomorrow, if I recall correctly.
Should’ve been like, ok, for the NEXT MONTH ONLY we offer double for dead snakes. But after that they’re worthless. Everyone would have cleared out their farmed snakes and been done with it.
Well, this wasn’t always the tower. It’s in the Wall and we only set up shop here after the original Tower was destroyed. But still. Putting it in the Wall when you’re trying to hide from them seems...odd. But, hey, maybe it’s the last place they’d expect kind of deal. And then the fortuitous coincidence that we get right next to the BA after the original Tower falls. :/
A lot of the time in PvE if I’m using IKELOS I tend to use an AR with Kill Clip or my Go Figure with HCR/Outlaw/Rampage. Heavy weapon depends on encounter.
Rift's cast time, long time to actually give you an overshield, healing that can't out-heal any sort of DPS at all, and the abundance of counters to it (any AoE grenade, for example) just makes it the least useful of the bunch. It's not terrible or totally useless but it is REAL easy to die when casting it if you're not careful (even if you're behind cover) or die even though you cast it because it's so slow to actually give you a health advantage. There's no real point to Stormcaller in PvP compared to Nova Warp.
I play all 3. Warlock is my 'favorite' and there are tons of times I feel stronger as the other 2 classes, except in the case of Nova Warp.
You know what else clears teams easy? One blast of Nova Warp. There is not a single thing OG Stormcaller does in PvP that Nova Warp doesn’t do better.
If something else outclasses it, then yeah, it kinda has no place aside from fooling around. I’ve used it recently but only because I know it’s not as good as Nova Warp, just as a change of pace.
I partly said that to see if anyone would tell me wtf Tumblr as even for.
Here I thought they were trying to hamstring him or something to that. Go for the legs so he can’t run.
Yeah I found that too, can't believe it doesn't even have a scannable or something. It's...just a room with some drone stuff. At least the first secret room at launch had to do with Clovis Bray. This one seems like nothing but the room itself.
If you're talking about Legendary ones, you probably need Spike grenades, Auto-Loading Holster, and the right Mod.
You haven’t met this guy’s wife. She just slides it down her throat while maintaining eye contact. No wonder he’s spooked.
I...*guess* that’s not the worst of his orifices to put it in?
What irks me about this post is that you seem to be insinuating that dying to a shotgun or a Super means the other guy is super sweaty. Like...no. That's not how that works. Biggest thing we need is simply matching like-with-like in terms of fireteam size. If we want to go even more, perhaps not allowing Pinnacle Crucible weapons in Quickplay, but I don't think Bungie will ever do that.
Delet this
Oof
Exactly my thought, I was like...I have no idea the age of this person.
In addition, carbon is in the list of the top 5 most common elements in the universe.
I’m at work, someone please do a gladiator on a radiator. XD
When it’s midnight on a weeknight during the summer and some insecure asshole SCREAMS down the street on a motorcycle that is made to be obnoxiously loud just to make the owner thinks he’s cool...I’m silently judging the shit out of them. Like, *jet engine loud.* When people are asleep and have their windows open because it’s a warm night. Makes me hope they have an infant one day who keeps getting woken up by some bike-owning jackass late at night who specifically didn’t want a muffler just to grab attention.
I’ve noticed this with every small child. They have NO concept that things can happen to them no matter where they move. In a place with shopping carts twice as high as them, they’ll never bother to look first. If an adult acts the same way that would be annoying as fuck.
When they’re waiting to turn and they have TWICE AS MUCH TIME THEY NEED but then don’t go, because they have no concept of judging distance. Like, it’s going to take you like 4 seconds to make the turn. That car is like 10 seconds away at best. Fucking make the turn. But they don’t. They want a MILE of free space before they turn. Which never comes. So they wait. And they wait. And then they get so impatient they make a turn *literally the same as all the others they waited on anyway.* And then go on with their useless lives still having no idea when it’s safe to make a turn or not, because they didn’t learn jack shit from this experience.
*alot
I will never not upvote a Terry Pratchett quote.
Part of it is skill and experience, just letting muscle memory take over and not having to think about it. The other is willingly taking risky shots that could very well miss because sometimes it pays off, but you will never really remember the times they DON'T kill you, and you won't notice how many times they missed other people either. Tons of times I see some streamer make an absolutely sick shot, they're freaking out being like "I can't believe I hit that shot!" whereas their victim is probably thinking they're a tryhard loser or hacking because they don't have access to the their enemy's thought process or reaction.
I used to agree with this...until I saw this massive breakdown and saw that Missile has a lot of potential. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6y5MP1XeNnU
Man, that map. Every time people wanted to snipe from inside that house. And then I’d go into the bar/basement, place a Tactical Insertion thingy behind the bar (makes it your next spawn point) and then just invade incessantly with either an Extended Mag AA-12 or a MP5k. Slaughtering all the campers and they usually never found my Tac Insert.
I’m sorry. I didn’t check my privilege. :( However I’m positive Exotics are dropping more frequently now. I’ve gotten more in these past few weeks than I did in the months before that, and others have been saying the same.
Yeah I was disappointed by that. Damage falloff was NOT the biggest issue with SMGs.
I love this game but ships and sparrows are the laziest thing about this game. I hate how they give a TOTALLY NEW SHIP that is literally the same fucking ship with a new coat of paint on it (and you can put whatever shader on them that you want in the first place!)
I was like this until I was 25. Burping just didn’t happen to me. Even after an entire Coke or beer. Then one day, now I burp after just taking a swig of water. Burps happen involuntarily and I also became able to voluntarily do it too. So maybe it will happen to you one day?
I love that you do these, and I often learn a bunch. But sometimes I don't understand something you've said about a weakness a weapon has, with today's example being: 32 rounds in a Precision Auto Rifle is...very bad, for some reason? In what way? Practically any Precision AR I can think of has 32-34 rounds. Even if you think the gun empties too fast (which I disagree with, since it's over 4 seconds) it seems hardly worth it to mention *every time* that a Precision AR comes up...that it has a tiny magazine (even though it literally has the amount we should expect by now). If any 450 RPM Auto Rifle that doesn't have a massive 40 round magazine is too small, why not just kinda recommend Backup Mag and call it a day? I don't understand specifically pointing out that a weapon has a small mag when it's the same amount as, like, every other one in existence unless you factor in mods or perks like Extended Mag which has a drawback anyway.
That is hurting you since for the PvP part of it, level advantages are enabled.
Any Christmas song that’s on the radio triggers PTSD in me. I can’t stand them and they instantly get stuck in my head.
*no one
Exactly. Ask a creationist to pick any living thing and show where it stops being related to anything else. Evolution is so easy to falsify...if it was indeed false.
I’m an atheist and this is cringe worthy to the extreme.
You actually believe in god you’re just in denial because you want to sin.
Oh, I’m an atheist, so I don’t believe a word I said before. Just showing how asinine, useless, and insulting it is when someone’s “argument” is telling you what you believe. It doesn’t convince anyone and is just jerking yourself off.
Definitely keep them away from the magazine aisles that have women in bikinis on the cover.
I haven’t heard this once yet and I’m rather glad of that.
Every popular commercialized Christmas song. Source: worked retail for years. Every November onward I was hearing the same damn 10 Christmas songs all. Fucking. Day.
I mean...we’re in the top 1% when it comes to size and strength...we’re easily able to kill most of the life on earth with just our bare hands. Note that there are 50,000 species of *beetles alone.* We’re fucking huge. We might forget that just because there are bigger giants (bears, elephants, whales, etc) but the vast majority of life on earth is way smaller than us or even microscopic. We’re giants, just not the bigg*est* giants.
What an eloquent and well-informed post that is no way a salt pit from an entitled weeb.
Let me ask you this: How concerned do you think the world is about if we’re wrong about Alexander the Great? Now, how concerned do you think the world is about if we’re wrong about Jesus? I hope as you ponder this you realize how little it matters, ultimately, about the evidence we have about Alexander.
He wanted a happy meal not a sad meal!
That would make it even worse!
It's not just damage, or blast radius, it's both together that make or break Nova Bomb. Nova Bomb's damage is far better than one explosion of Nova Warp, but its radius just isn't up to par. That said, I don't think it has to be *that* much bigger than Nova Warp to be good since it's so powerful.
I have a GL with Spike grenade and Boss Spec and it does seem good for DPS in short bursts. I think the main problem is unless you’re close, even something as big as the Primeval can just sidestep your shots. Why get so close to use a GL, I say to myself, when I could use a MG or Linear Fusion from further back and be safer?
Gunslinger has always been a high-skill playstyle. If you can’t land your knives you should be playing something else. That’s how it’s been since D1. (Where plenty did the hand cannon+knife combo).
I always thought it would be a bad idea for Raids. But this is much easier than a Raid, so I'm glad it's an option. It hasn't been a total shit show if I go in solo, so it's nice that if people are no longer totally underleveled, you can simply go into matchmaking rather than the time it takes to LFG. But if something is new, or you're underleveled, or it's more complex than the Forges...yeah matchmaking is a bad idea.
Aside from looking it up, you can tell visually. 1st week, there's only some gunk on the buildings. 2nd week, there are little black dots appearing and disappearing in the air. Maybe some extra Blights? 3rd week, it's like there's some black *vapor* seeping out everywhere, and Blights have stuff that look kinda like solar flares coming out of them. Really fucked up looking. Petra also rotates locations, and enemies in Blind Well change. It goes Scorn, then Hive, then Taken.
It sucks that small Blockers are best yet they’re bounties and Triumphs for the bigger ones... I’ve stopped bothering for the most part and let it expire or hope that I just happen to be the only one when there’s a ton of Motes on the ground (solo kill High Value Target = 15 Motes, easy) but it’s hard to blame people for hoarding sometimes when the game incentives it...
Is it true that it does NOT send a Blocker if your Motes bring it to 75?
He seemed like Cayde to me. This is the same guy who, when Ghost says that the Red Legion will destroy everything, Cayde just says "the Cabal are bad guys who do bad things, yeah I get it" and doesn't really pay attention. So in that first mission? That is totally how he would act when he's finally getting some action.
“The gov’ment.”
I was there. I didn’t see it because I was far away but I could the voices. I heard one say... ^How ^many ^times ^do ^we ^have ^to ^teach ^you ^this ^lesson ^old ^man? And then a faint... ^I ^love ^the ^young ^people That’s all I know.
That’s textbook Dunning-Kruger effect.
I’ll have to give Online a look. I have a MacBook so to even play Arena I had to get Wine.
Any non-zero amount of popularity is too much.
I would rather telemetries level up Banshee rep much more. Now that I’m beginning to run out of gunsmith materials because of buying mods, telemetries would actually help me level up Banshee rep...if they did more than hardly anything.
This looks alike it could be a Magic: The Gathering card.
Look at the sights. If they dim, you've lost the opportunity for a poison arrow.
A bow that keeps enemies at "one shot" for longer in PvP and spreads damage around in packed groups in PvE and you think it's meh? Wow.
Thorn’s DoT didn’t really merit the Exotic slot in PvE either you know.
1) QBB has terrible DPS for killing the Primeval so they're essentially giving that up to be an invader 2) Literally ALL Linear Fusion Rifles have insane aim assist and generous head hitboxes. Maybe QBB's is a tiny bit better, and it charges faster. That's it. I guarantee if it was nerfed you'd just find yourself more often dying to Crooked Fang and snipers instead and you'd be just as angry when that happened.
Granted, in many parts of the map you can't see it because its obstructed.
Just use Inaugural Address. It's a god roll, literally the only negative is it can't have a Mod, but it doesn't really need one though.
Sure, I just felt like it was odd that it was as if you were refusing to use IA just because it's a Year One weapon. Now I see it's because of Ikelos. Personally, favoritism over archetype applies a lot more heavily in PvP, so I thought maybe that's where you were coming from. I hate using certain archetypes that I'm not comfortable with in PvP (e.g. my god roll Go Figure) but I might turn around and use it a ton in PvE because then, it doesn't really matter as much. If we're talking PvE, then the fire rate of your Pulse Rifle doesn't really matter as much as whether it has a good roll. You're right that we need more weapons, but that's guaranteed to happen.
Comparing the damage of a roaming Super and a “one-off” isn’t very useful though. It’s like saying it’s unfair that Fists of Havoc isn’t as strong as Thundercrash.
Oh yeah, Flames Dawnblade is a *scary* thing to invade with. But when playing solo I feel required to run Geomags beam. If your fireteam has enough damage already then invading with Daybreak is a great idea.
I’m just glad nothing has changed about the condensed cream of mushroom soup. That shit is like heroin to me.
Well...technically we ARE the universe. One little piece of it, but the entire universe is made of the same same stuff. Gas and dust. We’re just dust that started asking questions. So whatever moral code we come up with, it means that’s a moral code the *universe* came up with. :P
This is true, some animals can toss things. But ask a primate to accurately throw a baseball more than 20 mph and the only one that can is Homo sapiens.
You’re right, I have no qualms depositing 9 Motes, even. Thing is sometimes I get a bunch of kills, or kill a HVT, and *none* of my team is around so I go from no Motes to 15 in a few seconds. One shouldn’t try for 15 (unless they can’t invade anymore) but sometimes it will just happen because your team is all off banking/clearing blockers and you’re an add-slaying machine.
Largest creature ever known, then. As far as we know, nothing larger than a blue whale has ever lived.
A lot of Year One could be summed up by: 1) Do Weekly Milestones 2) Do the Raid 3) You're done with Destiny this week There wasn't that much to do, and Exotics dropped like rain so you didn't need to hunt them. Nothing had random rolls so if you had X gun or armor, you had them all. It was pretty damn easy to level up as well. In contrast, currently there's ALWAYS something to do now, the Raid, one of a bunch of quests, leveling up takes a while, hunting for god rolls, and then there's just completely new modes like Gambit, etc.
It took me forever to get it because I didn’t see any matching numbers. Then I noticed the last line about the Christmas tree symbol, which says he wins every dollar amount on the card. Add up all those $25 and $50 and you get $500!
You should be in teacher mode 24/7, make my child a genius, all while you get paid peanuts and we treat you like a maid that we hate! Edit: spelt paid wrong because of those damn teachers! 2nd Edit: do people not know that spelt is a word?
It makes it so you can't fuel other Supers just by idiotically getting 1 kill with your Super and immediately dying after. It means you need to use your Super rather well to actually provide your team with something good. That said, Titans and Warlocks can grind that out by using Ward of Dawn and Well of Radiance, which always provide 2 Orbs just by casting them. Titans also have Crest of Alpha Lupi. Hunters...you gotta be good (but that's just how Hunters are, generally, higher skill floor but higher skill ceiling too).
If you’re only using Dodge when someone is shooting at you while you’re near cover, you’re not really utilizing ALL of what Dodge can do. Hence my point; it takes a bit of creativity to use Hunter assets to their fullest potential. It certainly does take a bit of skill to use Dodge to really mess with people. It’s similar to how a Titan can just brainlessly put up a wall to cap things but there are craftier ways to use it too. But not as many as Dodge.
Google is your friend.
Exactly! That’s where I heard that! :)
100% would be me. I can’t see a friendly kitty without being like *high pitched voice* hey kitty! *baby noises as I pet them all over*
I just put a shader on mine, you're right that it's natural green doesn't look all that great. But find a nice shader and it looks fine.
Exactly. I remember when Six Samurai was a deck with fast swarming potential. Now the same deck I had would be slow, and that’s just bonkers. Dropped it instantly. Got into MTG though, so much better.
&gt; In classic Yu-Gi-Oh you couldn’t summon a huge ass monster out of your **deck turn 1** with only one card, basically for free. I know exactly what Monster Reborn does, it ain’t that.
What about “turn 1” and “for free” do you people not understand? Lol You guys are talking about things that can’t work first turn with an empty graveyard.
45 has taught me about hate. I didn’t hate George W. I disagreed with him. I **hate** 45. It’s a difference I understand and appreciate now.
Not to mention that they imprison *Earth benders* on the—wait for it—*THE EARTH.* As Nostalgia Critic said, that’s like imprisoning someone’s who’s ultimate power is ice cream bending in a Baskin Robbins! It’s like imprisoning Magneto in an iron pen! And I guess the explanation is they just didn’t FEEL like doing anything about it until they got a half hearted speech from a kid? Amazing writing! /s
Dogs are better at reading humans than our closest relatives, chimpanzees, are. They KNOW your vibes better than you do most of the time. It’s amazing. That’s what happens when we basically co-evolve with them.
There's pretty much only a few times you should get to a high amount of Motes. * You kill a High Value Target, or a TON of adds, and no one else is there to pick up any Motes * You hide from an invader, who dies, and then you're still surrounded by enemies so you kill more and can bank faster than they can invade again * The enemy have their Primeval and you still have a bunch you need to bank--a Large Blocker isn't that much of a hassle usually...but it IS when they have their Primeval and other adds to deal with!
Lightning kills your mother and gods voice says he did it. Are you saying you’d thank him?
Possibly. I’m going off a vague description from the OP after all.
Yeah except most people don’t play only the decks that you think are unique or special.
I haven’t seen this Mirror March strat at all until today. You’re just trying to force your opinions on everyone dude. It’s lame. If I click on a post that I don’t care for I just go on with my day instead of venting my frustration publicly.
Yeah I guess we forget sometimes that, good or bad, we’re seen as a powerhouse. 9/11 was basically like watching someone twist the dragon’s tail, from their perspective. I imagine I’d be rather worried if an attack like this hit Russia.
Let me put it this way: I walk up to you and chop your arm off. I argue that this is totally not a big deal because *your value as a person didn’t change.* But for SOME reason you feel like the quality of your life is now worse. But man, you’d be so silly for that.
Every time I see conch eyes they look like they’re saying “please leave me alone”
That was the Grim. You’re going to die.
Also, if I have one slot open and I get a blue and a purple at the same time, why does it prioritize the blue and send the purple to the Postmaster?
**BWAAAAM** # BRAY? I mentally shat bricks when that happened in the cutscene.
Christianity: where if you’re rich it’s God’s will. And if you’re poor it’s because the meek will inherit the Earth.
I was this guy last night. Was basically Sherpa-ed and didn’t have anything hard to do, got Anarchy on my first Insurrection Prime kill. Felt lucky but also guilty. Def gonna try Riven again to see if my luck holds and I get 1k Voices. Right now the only things I need is 1k Voices, curated Threat Level, Liar’s Handshake, and I have to finish the catalyst for Outbreak. Before yesterday it felt kinda overwhelming but now that I have Anarchy already I’m motivated to get them all.
It's more about recognizing the EXTREME bias that a man can have. It's very easy to have a warped idea of problems that you have never had yourself before. And this is literally a case where it's physically impossible to experience that problem or have that point of view. Akin to someone who inherited billions and never worked a day in their life trying to comment on homelessness. All too often those people just say "get a job" or "get a loan" because they're so far outside the problem they can't even see it.
Every class got something of a nerf to Exotic(s). Hunters aren’t getting singled out here.
Bows have terrible DPS on anything that they don’t one-shot.
Exactly. Scouts and Bows are too different for one to “replace” the other. That’s what I meant with my first comment.
Hey you and me ain’t nothing but mammals so let’s do it like they do on the Discovery Channel. (Don’t actually PM me because I frighten easily.)
Young people think they’re invincible. It just comes from inexperience. Even adults fall into the trap of “yeah but that won’t happen to ME because I’m competent enough.”
Ah yes, the Red-Green Guild Of Ravnica. Gruul. Why does she have naturistic beasties hellbent on destroying civilization out of her slit?
I’m...dubious of the morality of the Captain deciding on his own that the passengers shouldn’t breathe well for a certain amount of time.
I scrolled for a while and didn’t see a mention of Scrappy Doo??
That's good to hear. Skull is definitely terrible. No reason to not just use a Void weapon and Nezarec's Sin instead. I did Reckoning and Phoenix Protocol was still ok, you couldn't get your Well back *by yourself* with every zone on the bridge--I was getting most of my Super back, but with a few Orbs I was fine. And to me that seems like a very reasonable change, it's still good if there are going to be swarms of enemies just not "lol kill 10 things and I have my Super back." If the others aren't nerfed as bad as the Skull then maybe it's not as bad as I thought.
Best feeling ever is when I have [[Vivien’s Arkbow]] down and 2 cards in hand, one being [[Nullhide Ferox]]. They cast Thought Erasure and I use the Arkbow to discard the other card to force them to pick Nullhide. Thanks for the 6/6 on your turn!
Yes but it also means they have to leave that mana open. As long as you suspect a counter spell you can play around it. If they want to cancel your bomb then you can just not play it and that leaves them not playing anything either. So maybe you just start pecking them with a 2/2 and force them to make a play.
And this is why it’s a rookie mistake to fill your deck with 1-for-1 discard spells.
Tump lied? This is...this is unprecedented!
Doomfang Pauldron. Each void melee kill will shave like a minute off your Super cooldown.
The difference being is WRBG can play whatever they want on their turn and then still remove your stuff after the fact. With U it’s possible for them to make a play and then they can’t touch what you play right after. Pros and cons to every color. Sure I can get annoyed by U as much as anyone since I never even really play counterspells much at all, but every color can be annoying on their own ways. And my “like what” question was directed to what limitations should be placed on counter spells.
The point is more like “it’s a hundred times riskier than you think so take that into account, and don’t demonize yourself if you try but have to retreat.”
It’s a fine line. Save her and you’re a hero. Need saving and you’re a reckless moron. Die and your family must grieve for you now too.
In my mind I’m more warning people about the dangers rather than saying “it is never ok to do this.” And if someone does do it I’d rather it not be children.
Yesterday was the first time Karn’s passive fucked me. I had Vivien’s Arkbow down. :(
Do you think people sub to this to read fiction? The stories are more satisfying if they’re true.
This is exactly why I didn't get it, I was like "he can just attack with Krasis..." Fucking bugs.
I used to quote that all the time! Now it still comes to my mind but instead of saying it out loud I just think to myself “goddammit”
I’m not trying to dismiss him. It’s just that whenever I see THAT level of extremism I think it’s either legit mental illness or huge cognitive dissonance from having gay urges themselves. Yes it is entirely possible he’s basically got the lyncher mindset but it’s not what I first suspect. His attitude is abnormal even among homophobia, so to me, there’s something going on more than just “he hates gays.”
What gobbledegook. There’s so much wrong here I’m not even going to take the time to unpack all of it. But I could though.
Don’t forget Ripjaw Raptor! A 4/5 for 4 that not only needs them to use 2 cards to kill, but you GAIN 2 new cards when they do. Ripjaw Raptor is a fucking nightmare for RDW. They’d probably rather deal with Rekindling Phoenix because they can use 2 cards on it (or possibly 1 if you use it to block Chainwhirler) and it’s just dead; it doesn’t replace itself and then get you a bonus card too, like with Ripjaw. Plus it makes just summoning Chainwhirler a painful thing for them. Thanks for the free draw and I can STILL block something and survive!
Me going into Reckoning: Oh damn I forgot to fill up on Raid Banners. *repeat forever until Opulence came out* I seriously kept forgetting because I was never really going to see Petra for any other reason. But now it's easier for me to remember because there's BIG reasons to have them now.
I had a lot of fun with Dinos for a while but now I just have some Ripjaw in a midrange Gruul as the only Dino. I'll be sad to see him get rotated out because he really is insane against any weenie aggro, but especially Red since they can't just exile him away or bounce him or whatever. Against RDW he's at worst a 2-for-1 (they Shock it when you declared it as a blocker to Chainwhirler) and at best a 3-for-1 (they use up two cards to kill it, you lose it but gain 2 cards).
Your Dodge can refill your melee ability, remember. So it can be up every round, potentially.
You’re perfectly free and justified to have that opinion. But some people think that it’s, like, as bad as the D1 Astrocyte Verse which I just don’t think is correct. That thing was truly 100% useless for everything. It literally hardly had any effect at all. This is one that I think people should at least try before instantly chucking it. Knowing where the enemy is can be insane.
This is pure opinion. Many would say top tree Sentinel is the worst for PvP, or that bottom tree Sunbreaker is the worst for PvP, or that middle tree Striker is the worst for PvP instead of the shoulder charge ones. We all value different things. EDIT: I hope people downvoting me realize these aren’t MY opinions, right?
It’s everything you can do that’s not your Super.
&gt; tried
I need a token in order to swap my mod from void to solar. Is there any way to get those without doing some of the Leviathan Raid?
Saying it’s been almost 3 years is wrong. Titans were great Y1 because of Rally Barricade in addition to Melting Point. Then Well of Radiance came out, Nova Bomb got buffed, Lunafaction works with Well which is stupid, etc. Titans got shifted out of the meta but it’s only been less than a year.
This is fucking fantastic to hear, thanks!
This is fucking fantastic to hear, thanks!
It is indeed a very nice Exotic gun.
God the nerdiest part of me was like “say Magic: The Gathering booster pack.”
Reminds me of those times when it’s like “Rally Barricade going up!” *Towering Barricade appears, does nothing, blocks shots*
https://xkcd.com/1732/ This can also make it easier to understand.
Death. For some people thinking that they will no longer exist is agony. For me I just don’t care. I didn’t exist before and it didn’t bother me. I’m averse to *dying* but the concept of death isn’t an existential fear of mine. I would consider living forever to be far worse.
I *had* faith in my county’s people. And then they elected Trump.
Probably would have quit the books too lol
Don’t worry he’s probably pro-life so that makes him a good person. (Aka he doesn’t give a single shit about anyone that breathes but since the unborn can’t ever ask him for money he goes all out to look virtuous.)
It was never a white flash, it was more like a shimmer-y distortion. Quite a different effect; you could still see everything. Now you literally lose all vision for an instant.
I can't find footage of it being used ON someone either before or after the update. Just people using it on other people, so...no. :/
Hyperbole and a Half! I love her blog but she started suffering from depression and battling suicidal thoughts, and her sister actually did kill herself, so it hasn’t been updated for ages. But man does she have good stuff on there.
I brainfarted so bad yesterday that I threw the game by not making my Skarrgan Hellkite have Haste when I could easily attacked for lethal. I’m not over it. Especially since I lost every single fucking game before and after it so that was the one time I could clearly win and just...;$:9;!(9(!:&amp;2$
The annoying part is popping the shield with the sniper and then needing to reload it before you can kill the thing.
I say ALL weapons should crit even when shields are up. If need be, just make the shields stronger to compensate for the higher damage. Possibly even get rid of the shield popping effect if you match elements. Body shot damage is so low now compared to crits that it just sucks for their to be so many enemies (shielded, Vex that aren't facing you, Vex that *crouch and hide their crit spot*, Taken Phalanx with their shield up, etc) where it's hard or impossible to hit a crit on them.
I *loved* how the original AR sounded in the first Halo. Such a throaty, guttural ROAR as you went full-auto. Then they made it a better gun (actually more like an AR than an inaccurate SMG) in Halo 3 but made it sound like farts. I never forgave Bungie for that.
Imagine saying to someone that got revived by the second snap “we were glad you were gone.” The most savage of burns.
Just a FYI for anyone who considers Greg tanky and hasn't been using Anarchy... You can kill Greg with, like, 2-3 grenades from Anarchy and just letting them shock him to death. Anarchy can get a LOT of mileage out of its ammo, I mean, holy shit. Great for when you don't need a fast kill but want to not use a whole lot of ammo. Just firing 2-3 grenades at a time with Anarchy can go a long way, way more than what a full magazine of a regular GL would do.
Yeah it’s not all that uncommon for boys to think this in the US. I was like that too; you NEVER really here the topic of circumcision brought up except when talking about the Jewish and if you’re not Jewish you just think that didn’t happen to you.
Did I claim to solve problems or am I just giving out tips to people who feel like it’s hopeless? It might be OP. Not saying that it isn’t. But no one is totally helpless against it. Shotguns can beat it if your force them into your OHK range; that’s all I’m saying. If you can’t do that then why even use a shotgun at all? That’s literally the only way to get kills with a shotgun. Might still be OP but I hesitate to pull that trigger only a few days after an update.
I don’t see how anything around AI is “evident” though.
Can someone explain ladder anxiety to me? I don’t quite get where it comes from.
I get that but if you care about losing rank then doesn’t mean that you...care about your rank? And thus choosing to not even have the chance to gain ranks makes it pretty moot? You’re going to be rewarded more for playing ranked then not playing it at all. Only if you have a specific, high goal in mind (like Mythic) do losses hurt a lot. If you play ranked just to see where you end up then I don’t really get the anguish over losing rank sometimes. Even if you never climb out of Gold you’re getting more rewards than never entering ranked at all.
Certain things shouldn't even have timers, but match completions. Like using a Reaper thing for Gambit Prime. Screw the 30 minute timer, can it just last for the next 3 matches? Whenever those matches are? I'm tired of trying to get 3 matches worth out of them by popping it only when I'm leaving Orbit and getting on the Haul right before the match starts. Other things that don't rely on Crucible/Gambit matches need a timer instead, so those should definitely only count in-game time and not real-time.
Another straightforward challenge to disprove evolution and would be make creationism much more reasonable: Pick any single organism we know of. Find the spot in its family tree when it stops being related to any other species besides itself. Do that and everything about evolution comes crumbling down.
Nah, they kill with 1 head 2 body unless you've invested in a pretty significant Resilience stat. 6, I believe. To be honest I don't think Warlocks and Hunters ever get that high unless they specifically want to aim for that. If you don't have that specific goal in mind, Warlock and Hunter armor tends to keep you around 3 or so, 5 at most. For 6 you'd need Mods and such most likely. So yeah, pretty much all Warlocks and Hunters and even some Titans will die to 1 crit and 2 body shots from a gun like Duke Mk.44.
Thing is, it's a permanent game mode. It's not like it was a limited time event. It's a straight-up upgrade from regular Gambit (which basically evolved into "kill the Primeval in 5 seconds." If they want Gambit to be popular they really do need to do something about this.
It does 191 damage that way. I think how it works out now (different than D1) is 0 is 186, then it goes to 187, 188, 189, 190, and 191 with each 1 more Resilience. So to me that’s 5 Resilience and you still die unless there’s falloff.
The whole Flames tree needs a rework. It needs to do more than "my Super can kill a ton of adds" because that's just not very special. I'd argue that a Crown of Tempests Stormtrance is better at that, AND Crown helps out its neutral game too. Flames literally has no unique neutral game aside from this shitty-ass dive. Its two Super-related perks need to be combined into one perk and then another perk added for some neutral game, and Phoenix Dive needs to do more than just heal a bit.
Damn you’re right. Sorry.
Yeah that became known the day that update dropped. OHK grenades don’t go unnoticed.
You’re confusing “not in the current meta” with “bad” which is just moronic. If Esper Control still had like 8 counter spells it would be hella more popular but Time Raveler changed all that. If you’re not fearing counter spells anymore then Carnage Tyrant isn’t as required; doesn’t mean it’s BAD though. Also it’s a fucking 7/6 so how clueless are you anyway? Decks preferring alternate win conditions at the moment in Standard doesn’t mean that Carnage Tyrant isn’t an incredibly dangerous creature. (Dies to sweepers? Dude that’s *literally most cards in the game* including other 6 drops.)
How about in Standard, right now? Or are you suddenly shifting the goal posts by spontaneously comparing it to Modern?
They do. Ignore the Scavenger perks which only matter to the ones in the Special slot. Reserves is a god-tier perk on a helmet or class item, always have one, because stuff like Anarchy, Prospector, and a god-rolled Swarm of the Raven or Outrageous Fortune are just so, so good for killing single targets.
I think we would both agree that white supremacism and Nazism is immoral. Yet it is your constitutional right to both have those beliefs and express them, publicly and organized, as long as all laws are being observed. We find this abhorrent but we have to put up with it. Because the alternative (the government having the power to say “you can’t say that”) is worse. It’s the same with abortion. *Even if* it’s immoral and abhorrent we still have to put up with it. Because the alternative (the government telling what medical procedures you’re allowed to have, the government telling you when and where you donate organs, etc) is even worse. If you don’t think we take bodily autonomy seriously, try to legally force someone to give blood. Or even harvest organs from the deceased without permission. So that’s why that theist’s argument is bunk—it completely ignores the WHY of the issue. We don’t abort just because it’s “ok to do” but because it is considered a moral imperative for one to have control of their body. Even if you think abortion is immoral, rationally you must be pro-choice. Anything else just flies in the face of the current mores we have, even your own.
I don’t even normally play Blue and I’m like “I’ll take 4.”
Yeah, if you want a -2/-2 boardwipe you’d go with that one with Vraska on it that doesn’t exile, and only hits their creatures if you have the City’s Blessing. I can’t recall the name though. I think it’s the same CMC.
To be honest I don’t see how any of that rebuts or has anything to do with what I’ve said.
Nah, you're doing it wrong by using milling cards. Pack cards like [[Rix Maadi Reveler]] and [[Tormenting Voice]] and [[Honor the God-Pharaoh]] for card draw and hopefully drop absolute bombs like [[Etali Primal Storm]] and [[Ilharg Raze-Boar]] and [[Pelakka Wurm]] and [[Ghalta Primal Hunger]] into the grave. Then use [[Bond of Revival]] to get one out *with Haste* and swing. Your turn 5 can be utterly explosive. Bond of Revival, get back Ilharg, who puts Ghalta on the board? Say hello to 18 Trampling damage coming at you! Or on Etali who through RNG can do nothing but 6 damage or other times, you get out a huge-ass beater and their [[Liliana, Dreadhorde General]]. It is janky but not as much as one might think because it has all that card draw so it's not unlikely to get the combo pieces (get a bomb in the grave, use Bond of Revival on it). Plus sometimes at turn 5 you can just cast Ilharg the traditional way. RDW loses if you get out Pelakka Wurm, for instance. Control might be too slow (sideboard in Carnage Tyrant instead of the Wurm for those matchups). It CAN beat just about any deck, you just have to hope your Bonds of Revival aren't all sitting like 20+ cards down.
How the Harry Potter movie franchise (which had previously been doing fine; movie adaptions will never be as complete as the books, and the actors are only kids) completely shit all over the Battle of Hogwarts and Voldemort’s death. Completely ignored certain themes, like how Voldemort is still just a regular old human.
I’m sure I could acquire a taste for coffee (after all, I used to hate beer but I certainly don’t now) however I see no reason to. I just literally don’t need it, it would be an extra expense and would eventually make me irritable if I can’t get it.
I mean, acting talent takes precedent over looking like the character in a book. I'd take a decent actor that kinda resembles the character over an utterly shit actor who looks a lot like them. I'm surprised you're saying Daniel didn't look the part when Emma Watson as Hermione is just...no. XD (In the looks department that is.)
That I haven't seen, so I wouldn't know. The first one was...eh, ok to me. Not terrible but kinda forgettable.
You...really don't think this is the 79th post about this already today?
Eh maybe. I almost never hit something only once.
To be fair I think a bunch of theists do this too. AFAIK many, many theists go about their day as if their god isn’t watching. I think a lot of theists live their daily lives pretty much how I do. (I’m a nonbeliever/atheist/whatever you want to call it.) If one DID feel like they were being watched every second of every day they’d probably be a neurotic, anxious mess IMO.
...why would you?
Take your upvote and get out.
Its like, it has the basic building blocks of a movie. It’s just not good. I think people confuse “one of the worst flops ever” with “one of the worst ever” which isn’t really true. Try watching North starring a young Elijah Wood; you’ll feel disgusted throughout the entire thing if you can even make it through. That’s FAR worse than Battlefield Earth which is just dumb, bad, and forgettable. (But people don’t forget it because of all the budget and hype.)
I mean, there’s thugs and then there’s guys that want you to THINK they’re thugs.
Well, I mean, if Warlocks *didn't* have Well of Radiance then they would kinda once again be the "no support Super" class just like in D1. In D1, they had no real support at all. Stormtrance was just good against adds. Nova Bomb didn't really do good enough damage to be worth it against bosses. Radiance was ONLY used for self-rez to erase fuck ups and going outside the bounds of the game to cheese/glitch encounters. To make Raid encounters "easy" you *needed* enough Hunters and Titans. Too many Warlocks and you're suffering from the lack of true support Supers; Shadowshot and Ward of Dawn (and hell, extra Titans and Hunters can go for damage like with Melting Point and Golden Gun). Basically in D2 they wanted to move away from the bubble and into something that's not as foolproof--you can still die in a Well from enemies at range, unlike the bubble, so they went with that, and it made more sense for Warlocks to do that since they already gave them the Rift ability. I think one class is always going to be kinda left out when it comes to support Supers and now it's Titans. They knew how this would piss some people off though so the Phoenix Protocol lore tab is basically a meta way to acknowledge it. Even as a Warlock main though I was happy that Skull and Phoenix Protocol got nerfs (as well as the Hunter ones) because Super-spamming was utterly ridiculous and it was a huge reason why Titans felt weak. In fact, I think Lunafaction Boots shouldn't work with Well of Radiance, and Titans should get some buffs like more Thundercrash damage, Ursa Furiosa buff, tweaks to the bubble, etc.
Cloaking is expensive because it’s better. In D1 it didn’t even hide you from enemy radar unless you didn’t even sprint. Now you CAN sprint and it only pings the enemy radar when you start sprinting but you remain invisible to their radar for the rest of your sprint. It’s amazing. You’re actually stealthy this time. It was ass in D1 because you could just crouch so it couldn’t be very good.
Yes, let's nerf the solitary competitive Fusion Rifle. /s
Sometimes Arena, to make things "look better" or easier to follow, misrepresents things. All damage is done simultaneously. So the life gained from Lifelink happens at the exact same moment that the damage is being done, so the opponent never went to 0 life in the first place. Alternatively, nothing ever dies in the middle of a card resolving either. Like, say you have a 4/4 Army token, and you cast [[Enter the God-Eternals]] and target it. Does it die because you did 4 damage to it? No, because the game will not check if it dies until after Enter the God-Eternals completely resolves, so at the end you're left with a 8/8 Army which has 4 damage done to it, and it lives. So you could even think of it as the game (not just Arena, but actual MTG rules) doesn't check if the opponent dies until after the Lifelink life gain happens. Another example of misrepresentation is how it marks damage on creatures, it makes it appear as if they are losing Toughness when they take damage but that's not how it works. A 4/4 that has taken 2 damage is not a 4/2 until end of turn, it's a 4/4 with 2 damage marked on it. And a card like [[High Alert]] makes it look like 0 Power Defenders have Power equal to their Toughness during the combat phase but they actually still have only 0 Power, it's just that you no longer calculate their damage based on their Power anymore.
Its burst damage not DPS.
Must have all Triumphs, Gjallarhorn, 800 credit score, and a 12 inch penis!
Can you name a card that specifically lists its casting cost as colored mana first, then generic mana? Every card I know of lists it generic first, then colored, e.g. 3G, never G3.
Not to mention printing a card that relies on instant speed when 3feri is everywhere and removes your ability to cast at instant speed.
I made that deck too...I don't think you get Etali's trigger. In that deck, it's better to dump Etali in the grave and then revive it with Haste so you can immediately do it hopefully when the opponent can't respond. That's why if I remember I'm going to take out one of the Etalis and put in Demanding Dragon who is MURDER with the boar. They have a 6/6 Trampler and a 5/5 flier swinging at them every turn and they also are taking an additional 5 or sacrificing a creature every turn too. Also it's only 5 mana so it's easier to hard cast than Etali.
Fast charge rate is code for "never use this gun" IMO.
No, I mean, the existence of Tractor Cannon's Exotic perk can make it tough for balance. If ANY weapon can be Void (aside from Kinetic ones obviously) it creates some problems: * Kinetic weapons get devalued a bit because they don't benefit as much from Tractor Cannon, so you'd more likely want to only have Kinetic Primaries and not Kinetic Special weapons * You have an incentive to dismantle Solar and Arc weapons more because they don't jive as much with Tractor Cannon * Certain weapons might be too powerful if they're Void, because of Tractor Cannon (they even made the Ikelos shotgun and sniper Solar on purpose back then simply because of Tractor Cannon). People are already freaking out about how much damage Swarm of the Raven does with Tractor Cannon--now imagine if ANY Grenade Launcher could be Void and you might have people insisting that no GL is a true "god roll" if it's not Void. And that's not something that Bungie wants, I bet.
I did think of it later but I’d have to add the use of Blade Barrage after lol
1) not really since the FoH moves faster than you 2) you could run from any Super. Pre-nerf Hammer Of Sol in D1, Nova Warp, Spectral Blades...it’s not even an argument it’s just acknowledging that it’s unstoppable and your only choice is to flee. Which has never been what Bungie wants. If the best or only “counter” to a Super is running like a coward there’s problems afoot.
Makes me wonder about atheists named Christian or Mohammed or whatever too.
Also [[Bond of Revival]].
I’d agree more if it said Anti-vax.
Vegon?
“Found”
“The proofs of these religions are weak, unlike the proof for MY religion.” Wow, what a novel and unique argument that is impossible to be tainted by bias.
My thoughts as it began: Wait he’s not going to take the backpack off? That’s not a good idea. Oh wait he’s throwing it first, like Deku against the sludge villain! OH WAIT NO ITS HIS QUIRK THIS IS AMAZING
Organizing a rally for you and all your Nazi and/or KKK and/or white supremacist friends.
I guess it’s not but even one attack from Krenko tends to more devastating than 2 from Warboss. Krenko seems to be basically a secondary win condition all on his own.
What’s conveniently absent from this comment is any justification for your assertions. You just say that stubbornness is a choice, as if it’s self-evident. It’s not. You’re not able to just baldly assert that because it’s not convincing to someone like me who doesn’t necessarily agree.
I know that. It’s just that too often it’s only doing slightly more than a Legendary AR (because 2-3 of the extra shots miss) which is *never* worth the Exotic slot. If you’re in a situation where they would all hit, why not use Threat Level? Or just screw it and use Recluse which will pretty much always do more damage and not hog the Exotic slot?
You’re too dumb to debate me.
Trinity Ghoul is a bad comparison--it has never been thought of doing triple damage, it can potentially deal damage to targets *other* than the one you shot though. Cerberus however does do extra damage to the target you're shooting at...in theory. But the inaccuracy of the shots and the fact that they often can't do crit damage means that too often it's just an AR with shitty stats that prevents you from using other Exotics. Like, it's good *for a primary* at shooting spider tank legs or Taken Blights but that's about the only times I'd say it's the "best primary" for that role. If even at SMG range it's not melting things as well as a SMG would, there's a problem.
Just remember D1: Titans: I can shield and buff the whole team! Or debuff the enemy! Hunters: I can CC the enemies and make Orbs! Or go for huge damage! Warlocks: if I die it’s no big deal Warlocks were pretty irrelevant in PvE back then because of their lack of any real support abilities. Were they completely useless? No, but neither are Titans now.
It's theoretically usable in Constructed if you have a Gruul deck and want more 3-drops than just Spellbreakers. Not confident that Gruul Aggro needs such a thing though.
Things that caught my eye: You have Izoni but nothing that actually enables her, like self-mill. you just have to hope that you draw her late when a bunch of your things have died, and that's something this deck doesn't want to happen--you want your things to stick. She's a dead card a lot of the time when (if you have the mana/ramp to support it) you'd probably be better off with a Liliana or more Casualties of War. You have Vivien but nothing really to buff her that's all that great. In terms of Golgari using Vivien, you want Lovestruck Beast or Rotting Regisaur who hit the field the turn before Vivien and are **terrifying** when they're given counters and Trample. But in this deck, what's supposed to hit the field on turn 3 for Vivien to buff? Leyline Prowler? Thrashing Brontodon? That's not *bad* per se but Golgari can do better; the opponent has very little time to respond to Lovestruck/Regisaur that swings after getting buffed by Vivien. Without an answer they're going to get stomped to death fast. Given how hard it can be for a two color deck to have GGGx on turn 4 you need a *very* good reason to have Vivien, and creatures like Leyline Prowler aren't it. Golgari Findbroker is also rather strange, since you don't have any real graveyard focus. It has a demanding mana cost and you have to ask yourself how many times you can play this on turn 4 when you wouldn't rather have had Questing Beast instead; there's not much that you really need to fetch that can die before your turn 4, so this card is a really slow, grindy card that I don't think your deck can afford (as in, if you try to grind out wins, there are decks that will beat you at that like Fires of Invention or decks that are packing counterspells that capitalize on your slow pace).
This is true, though one could just use Grafdigger’s Cage instead.
I've already pooped twice this decade. Must be my metabolism, I'm a nerd that doesn't exercise but I've never been fat. Food goes through me rather quick. After I eat, either a few hours later sometime or right after I eat *again* my body is like "evacuate! We need more room! Get this shit outta here!" I'll probably poop at least one more time later today.
I've saved this post, and I'll keep this in mind. I'm east of Cleveland so it is certainly a hike to get there, and I'm only off every *other* Saturday, but it's a possibility. It does sound like it might be cooler than the LGS I've been going to which always has the same few guys.
Regardless of whether this a sarcastic joke or an honest response, I’m unnerved.
I never thought I was. I was suspecting that everyone ELSE was. ;) Breakfast, then lunch, then dinner, then sometime TOMORROW they poop? Mutants, the lot of them!
He’s not in Gruul lists. Too slow, too easy to be rendered unable to attack. Lovestruck Beast is in Adventure lists or mono Green. Gruul wants everything to have Haste/Riot.
IMO There’s a difference between a man who likes MLP anyway, and a brony. One is just like “eh it’s a charming show” and the other is obsessed to the point of sexualizing them. So IMO bronies can fuck off.
Pretty much the only way in Arena to Flash in a Planeswalker is by having [[Leyline of Anticipation]] on the field first.
I'm not saying one should do this, just that if you can, it's better to flash the PW in rather than waiting until your turn. I'm not just thinking of Standard, in EDH you might be using Vedalkan Orrery where you flash in everything. The games go longer so your first turns are often setting things up and you're not the only target. Should you specifically try to do this in Standard? No.
If I had money to burn I'd make a janky EDH deck based around her. But I just spent a lot making a non-janky EDH deck around [[Gargos Vicious Watcher]]. As neat as a spider deck would be, Hydras are cooler.
Could be infrasound. https://science.howstuffworks.com/science-vs-myth/extrasensory-perceptions/infrasound-paranormal-activity.htm
How I like my women!
Thing is you can slam down a Questing Beast instead. Or as an alternative non-Haste, noncreature (at least at first Nylea is often not a creature) there’s Vivien Arkbow Ranger. So this Nylea looks good but it is a rather slow, grindy play.
To be honest...I'm not sure that it would? We already have a 6/6 for 4 that lacks Trample--Nullhide Ferox. Yes it restricts your spell use but it also has that Hexproof, which this Hydra doesn't. And there's a 5/5 for 3, and a 7/6 for 3, also both without Trample or Hexproof...and while those cards are good, they're not OP either. Chump block them for days, dies to most removal, doesn't have Haste or ETB. Escaping into a 12/12 for 6, that is scary but I'm wondering if it's scarier than Ghalta Primal Hunger who can also be cheated out and notably *had Trample.* Yeah you need a board state to play him but this Hydra needs a graveyard to play it like this too. In conclusion: big creatures without Haste, Trample, or ETBs are often not OP even if they're over-statted. Still probably not as good as Questing Beast even in this hypothetical state.
Not terrible but not great. Sometimes it's worse than Murder, sometimes it's Murder for one less mana.
Cast Down was always 1B and could hit many targets. This seems like it goes in a mono-B deck and that’s it. But you’d still want Planeswalker hate too, so are you fitting in Murderous Riders too?
Only bad players had Cast Down as their only removal.
The fight ability? Still think Questing Beast at 4 cmc beats out a 6/6 at 4 cmc that can fight something next turn.
I very well could be wrong but I also think it’s a card that can just die twice and not accomplish anything else because it doesn’t generate any value unless you untap with it, and escaping with it more than once requires a lot of self-mill. And IIRC the original Polukranos was a big deal in large part because back then a 5/5 for 4 with no drawback was unprecedented.
I feel like if Murderous Rider gets an almost-clone copy that's bad news.
There is a Dimir deck that's pretty good, not Tier 1, but still good enough to have a fun time. It focuses on milling the opponent by at least 7 cards so that you can attack with [[Vantress Gargoyle]] and so it makes [[Drown in the Loch]] a very efficient card. With [[Into The Story]] as a draw engine. It uses cards like [[Overwhelmed Apprentice]] and [[Merfolk Secretkeeper]] to do this. And of course there's [[Thought Erasure]] too, then you pack some removal and [[Thought Collapse]] (or [[Didn't Say Please]] because they're identical) with a top end of [[Lochmere Serpent]].
Works by abusing physics of the game, completely unknown to most of the player base, might get patched out for all we know. I’m glad I know of it now though.
Hmm. That is weird and I don't know. But you could perhaps hinge this combo on [[Rhythm of the Wild]] instead? Doesn't have the same options as Domri but is typically less vulnerable though.
Damn, somebody's playing Gargos in Standard? Love that card, but he's meant for Commander.
Reminds me of those times someone main phase casts [[Emergency Powers]] after getting out a [[Narset Parter of Veils]].
Very few lands have a color--if they do, they say so. There's a reason that [[Ugin the Ineffable]] can't currently target any lands in Arena even though it doesn't say nonland in his text, and the reason that [[Chandra's Regulator]] says "Mountain OR red card" because if it didn't you could only discard red spells and not Mountains.
You need to declare the attack with Drakuseth--however with Ilharg it just enters the battlefield already attacking. You didn't declare attacking with it. Thus while Drakuseth isn't bad to use with Ilharg (it's still a 7/7 in the air) if you're looking to do the whole 7+4+3+3 damage with it the best way is a Haste enabler, play Irencrag Feat, then play Drakuseth, or dump it in the graveyard somehow and revive it with Bond of Revival since that also grants Haste.
Rancor on Lovestruck Beast or Rotting Regisaur. Way easier and better than using Vivien to give them Trample.
I just used her ulti in a long game versus a Simic Ramp through the use of Elderspell lol
You really should not be equipping DS with the intention to always have the buffs up. I might Dodge after spawn to get where I'm going quicker and because I know my cooldown should be up by the time I need to use it. Aside from that I use it when it makes sense, not every 10 seconds.
It’s nice that you CAN have it up all the time (remember: PvE is a thing) but you don’t have to in all situations.
That’s PvP health values. Does *anyone* actually know how the game figures out health and damage in PvE though? We know this about PvP by shooting each other in private games. Can’t do that for PvE. Nobody knows how much damage that Acolyte is doing to you, you just have to look at your health bar and guesstimate.
I'd rather get blown out by Embercleave quickly than suffer slowly against Teferi Hero of Dominaria decks that board wipe and counter everything you play, just hoping you concede.
I do agree that an unanswered ToS can run away with the game (not always: sometimes you get your choice of 3 lands) the problem is a 2/2 that you need to untap with doesn’t cut it right now. Shock, Stomp, Brazen Borrower, Teferi...there’s so many ways to keep it from doing what you want. I have two copies in my Drown in the Loch deck just because it has those Vantress Gargoyles too, so I’m hoping the opponent only has the removal for one of them. But if your deck doesn’t have a major threat that can hit the field before ToS...then your ToS will probably just die or get bounced forever.
You keep saying him but she’s a her by the way. Trading with Questing Beast and dealing 4 when it does so isn’t so hot. Ideally you don’t want to use a 4 drop to trade with a 4 drop. You rather use Justice Strike or something on the QB. If your deck is built around her you really don’t want to be trading it with QB. A 4 drop having Mentor feels like a “win more” effect to me. If it will matter a lot you’ve probably already won because the opponent let you build a board state for 4 turns.
How do we know the percentages are the same? You act like percentages are always the same in PvE and PvP but that’s simply not true. Look at the damage buffs on weapons, they’re often not the same. For all we know, there’s more than 5-10% difference from min to max in PvE.
Works on all the indestructible gods too.
Holy shit I NEED this in my [[Gargos Vicious Watcher]] EDH deck. With Gargos it will trigger a fight effect and then basically turns anything into a form of [[Kalonian Hydra]]...which I also have...which gets REAL nutty, real quick.
Yeah but...so? They haven’t exactly been part of the meta in any high capacity. And while they may never be gone permanently...it’s still a huge tempo loss to spend a turn playing a non-Haste god then get it tucked into your deck before it does anything. The only exceptions are Bontu if you get value from sacrifice or Rhonas if you already have a wide board state or big Tramplers already. Most of them aren’t really all that great.
Someone pointed out that troll...[[Barkhide Troll]] perhaps? That comes in with a +1/+1 counter and can pay 1 to remove a counter to become Hexproof for the turn. No Trample but it can potentially be quite hard to remove unless you have things like Ritual of Soot or Time Wipe. Then imagine later playing [[Vivien Arkbow Ranger]] and buffing it up.
I heard from someone that there was a LOT of hype about [[Karn Scion of Urza]] before he was released. Turned out he was...basically ok, if you had some jank that didn't have too much in the 4 drop slot you put him in there for some delayed card draw.
What I said: PvP values and PvE values aren’t always the same What you heard: ReSiLiEnCe Is A gOd StAt JFC kid, learn to read.
Uh, what card?
Remember when the best ways to remove land rotated out and Field of the Dead was legal? Yeah.
Ex-fucking-zactly. Jotuun is easy to use but it's not good. It misses a ton. I assume anyone that uses it is a very casual "Dad of Destiny" who just wants to get this PvP shit done with.
You really think you can miss half the burst of LoW and still get a quick kill?
Still not an instant kill, eats up ammo like a motherfucker.
Easy to use and forgiving, and *good*, aren’t the same thing. I see your argument as no different than saying Jotuun is a problem because of how low skill and forgiving it is. High impact shotguns kill instantly with a chest shot from 7-9 meters. Slug shotguns kill instantly from even further but need a headshot. LoW kills from about that range too but it’s not instant and eats up ammo like a fat hog. There are pros and cons to all of them, deal with it. None of them are inherently always better than the other and even if one is “easier” it doesn’t make it better or OP or worth bitching about.
the fuck
That is another build I like, for sure. Use it in Gambit quite a bit because you always have a Hammer Strike that just *slaps* the Blockers and Envoys, and helps your team kill the Primeval too. And any Elite/Major in the add waves that's a pain.
Currently I don't think there's any real point in playing Gruul aside from an aggro strategy. Any kind of midrange, Great Henge kind of thing doesn't pan out. You'd be better going Golgari for that because of Rotting Regisaur. So you want a curve like Pelt Collector, Zur Taa Goblin, Gruul Spellbreaker, Questing Beast, the ability to go really fast. With some Bonecrusher Giant for some removal and a beater, Embercleave for some surprise wins out of nowhere, Domri Anarch of Bolas for some added damage, ramp, and fights, and a couple Skaargan Hellkite as a flier. Domri's Ambush is versatile removal with the creatures you have.
There's more bad or ok Planeswalkers in Standard right now than incredibly powerful ones.
Well that's certainly a way for a Gx creature based deck to combat Flash decks or any deck that runs a lot of counter spells. Put in some of those and Shifting Ceratops after sideboarding and you have a much stronger second game. If the Flash player goes first they'd need a Quench to stop this from hitting the board.
Vorinclex is amazing but expensive and draws so much hate I’d rather not. Heroic Intervention, that I would love, but man it’s also expensive. Unless I find it for cheap on eBay or something. I would already have it in the Gargos deck if I had it. That’s why I was thinking of general counter spells to stop board wipes instead. Wrap in Vigor and Inspiring Call are excellent though! Definitely keeping Zendikar Resurgent, it’s sooo powerful when I play it. Might keep Caged Sun too.
The thing is, if Flash decks (or any with a bunch of counters) remain strong you can have some of this card and Shifting Ceratops in your sideboard and come out very strong on game 2 because you have multiple ways to ignore their counter spells.
But it's got W so isn't it supposed to suck?
You might have to rely on Time Wipe or Realm-Cloaked Giant for board wipes since RCG is pretty liberal with its color requirements and even for Time Wipe it's not nearly as difficult to have 2UWW on turn 5 than it is to have BBWW and also blue mana somewhere on turn 4. Or go Grixis and have that new 2RR board wipe. I think it might also be possible to go with an Esper Hero route, so you wouldn't pack as many board wipes anyway--though you could have some in the sideboard for whenever you sideboard out all your Hero of Precinct One copies. Ashiok's Erasure might be a sideboard card, it probably will be durdly against aggro decks. Keep it for the slower ones that rely heavily on certain key cards. If you're going Esper, I think Despark is an option. Hits Questing Beast, Wilderness Reclamation, Nightpack Ambusher, Fires of Invention, some of the upcoming Gods and Titans, a bunch of stuff. Plus exile might be more important after THB than it is now with all the Escape mechanics.
It's sad how often White is like the Ice type from Pokemon--Ice moves are great! *Being* an Ice type sucks. White removal and gold cards with White are great! *Being* pure White as a permanent often sucks.
Anybody ever play the first Dead Space? One of the most **terrifying and stressful moments in my entire life** was the Regenerator, who could not be killed and was continually coming for you, while you had to deal with regular enemies and solve puzzles to get away. Holy shit, I don't want to do that again. This idea though lacks the horror aspect so it actually sounds really cool.
Castle Garenbrig only accelerates you one turn if you just have lands and no ramp. If you only have lands, you're tapping 5 lands (Castle and 4 others) to get 6 mana. So it turns 5 into 6. Nice but you need more ramp than just that.
I mean...that Achilles-themed guy in the new set has Protection so...it wasn't just a 'one set and done' appearance. But yes, the all-encompassing mechanic of "prevent you from killing my stuff" that White has access to is more than just the "Protection from X" mechanic.
You sound incredibly angry and I haven’t the foggiest fucking idea why. For all I know you’re assuming a lot about me that’s not even true.
Very surprised some poop knife reference isn’t one of the top comments...
I'm guessing you were looking for a 2 mana land ramp? As in, not a mana dork like Paradise Druid? It is pretty nifty to have that, yeah. Mana dorks are usually more vulnerable than an enchantment on a land.
Is grabbing lands considered "card draw" or just "mana fixing?" I always considered card draw to be drawing whatever (could be a land or a spell) but this effect doesn't draw any threats or utility but DOES really help you hit your land drops every turn, so I consider that more fixing instead. Am I correct on this?
That is true. It does make blocking a lot more difficult to figure out, I hadn’t considered that. I have no real idea if this makes it into the aristocrat style decks though. I wonder what you would take out.
These same people would be absolutely livid if anyone dared to insult Barron Trump in such a way. How could we be so mean to the child of the President?!
That is certainly interesting to think about!
Certainly possible but you can also just do a turn 1 Merfolk Secretkeeper on yourself to fuel Escape costs. I can see both cards being used in the same deck though. Wonder if anyone will go Sultai to use Yarok to get double ETB triggers from Uro and some other relevant U/G/B cards?
It's just put in there for flavor and/or for Limited, I'm guessing it's Uncommon just for Limited as well. Some cards are filler in terms of how bad they are but on point in terms of its lore and world-building.
I guess that's nice in that with one card and 4 mana you can destroy 2 Ovens, or 2 enchantment creatures? I guess it all depends on just how common the targets for it is. The other effect seems like just a "well I drew this and I'll die if I don't use it, so let's gain some life and see what I draw next turn."
I don't even see how this card is going to be busted in Standard. What huge payoff can you play with this card that isn't *already* being played with Nissa Who Shakes the World? I can't think of some huge spell that Nissa doesn't let you play easier, two turns earlier. Huge Hydroid Krasis, or Agent of Treachery, or huge Finale of Revelation to OTK by searching End-Raze Forerunners...Nissa already does all that. What would you *need* Nyxbloom for? Not to mention that even ignoring the mana doubling, with enough lands Nissa is a win condition just from overrunning people with 3/3s. Nyxbloom though is a 5/5 trampler, not exactly a win condition unto itself without something to do with all that mana, but the easiest way to cast Nyxbloom...is to have Nissa in your deck...who can do what you need anyway.
I have him as a Commander in Brawl instead of his 3 drop version because of how he gives Riot. Anything potentially having Haste is so good. And I’ve won games simply by getting his Ult off, sometimes sped up by Proliferate.
What’ll really cook your noodle is when you try to figure out if you control Tamiyo and the opponent plays [[Clackbridge Troll]].
A horror game that is co-op only, must use headset, must be online...because it requires you to solve puzzles together at certain points but the monster pursuing you *will respond to the audio from your mic.* So there will be times when you both have to shut up or die. Or whisper to coordinate completing a puzzle because you don’t want to be too loud. Jump scares just to potentially make you scream out, alerting the monster. Kinda imagine Portal 2 co-op but it’s horror and you have to be mindful of your volume level if you think the creature is near. EDIT: Could also allow you to lure the monster away from your buddy just by crying out, turning its attention towards you. The classic "over here!" and then run like you see in movies.
If you’ve seen the first Pirates of the Caribbean movie you have
...parley?
Hushbringer won't stop the attack trigger. That has nothing to do with ETB or death. Ignore that both effects are in one sentence, they're not related in how they're triggered.
Right, just saying in general it's quite different than Ferox aside from being a 6/6 that's part Green and can be played on turn 3.
I was speaking more in general rather than assuming Hushbringer is on the field.
Yeah, but...White. Nobody is really playing White aside from Jeskai (which has enough value it doesn’t give a crap about your triggers) and maybe some Azorius Control which also doesn’t care about your triggers because of their counter spells. If White had other viable decks more people would at least have Hushbringer in the sideboard.
The book did it better. It’s more tragic when he just says Harry’s name and passes, a whole spiel before you die is so cliche it kinda robs me of the feels.
Late term abortions are literally just 1% of them and every single one is because of medical necessity. Nobody gets one because they want to. It’s because the doctor basically says “if you don’t get this abortion you’re going to fucking die.”
Uh...don't know why you two are talking about bottom tree Nightstalker when the OP clearly is talking about top tree only. Top tree goes invisible with their Dodge, does NOT lack a melee ability (Snare Smoke is plenty useful against enemies), and its Super isn't the worst for PvP either.
They have their pros and cons. Well placed top tree tether can ensnare several enemies or stop Supers. Bottom tree can get a few kills if you score the direct hits. On the flip side, top tree might take too long to activate to be any good, and with bottom tree people have time to sidestep into cover before the arrows get to them, or you die before it even hits given how it's not particularly fast. Based on how he said it basically had no melee ability, that makes me think he was talking about bottom tree...because it's melee is useless against enemies, it's ONLY for making your team invisible. Top tree does have a melee that slows and disorients enemies so why would he say that then?
PvE? Sure. PvP? Invisibility sucked so fucking much.
Oops, I forgot the effect isn't symmetrical.
I’d have to compare because I didn’t copy and paste. I did forget about Jace so that’s one card I’m missing, not sure about the other 3. (I only have 2 Borrowers and 2 Drakes in there.)
It’s a big brain move. (Aka I’m an idiot)
Let’s put it this way: say you and the opponent have been going at it for a while and both have a bunch of lands and have traded resources quite a bit. Neither of you has cards in hand, but you have two creatures out and he has an empty board so you have the advantage. For simplicity let’s say you’re mono Green and the opponent is mono Black. He top decks Liliana and uses her -4 to wipe your board. Now what do you do? Without a card like QB, situations that can happen are: * You draw a card that can hit Planeswalkers like Thrash but you can’t use it until you draw a creature. Liliana ticks up and makes a blocker. * You draw and play a non-Haste creature. Liliana ticks up and makes a blocker. Next turn do you even swing, and what at if you do? Either way big loss for you. * Maybe you get a Trampler that threatens Liliana when it can attack next turn. But if they draw removal...you still have no board. Liliana ticks up and makes a blocker. * Even if you get a Trampler and attack next turn and they draw badly, they’ve still taken out two of your creatures, drawn a card, and made you attack a target that’s not their life that turn, all in one card. Huge tempo loss for you and you have fewer cards than them now. You’d need perfect draws to recover from that. Or play Questing Beast and get back in the fight. Maybe QB doesn’t need *all* of its abilities but it is the only answer Green has that works, so it at the very least needs Haste, unblockable by weenies, and hits PWs when it hits face.
You realize that plenty of colors have direct answers to PWs that cost less than 4 mana right? Murderous Rider. Angrath’s Rampage. Prison Realm. Conclave Tribunal. Almost any counter spell. Bedevil. Spark Harvest. Brazen Borrower. Etc. Green having answer at 4 on a creature is not that weird. Aside from QB then Green doesn’t have a single answer *at all* because it requires two cards. A spell, and a creature powerful enough for it to matter. Hell, Green doesn’t even really have a competitive Trampler at the moment either. That really, really leaves Green unable to compete with a control deck with PWs because they need a threat to stick to actually use a removal card. My last point isn’t that they just got value, but that without QB, the Green player would need a lot of luck to have not lost the game already. If Liliana dies, they got value. If she doesn’t, the Black player just wins from free 2/2s every turn and card draw. Most Planeswalkers get value immediately but if they can stay perpetually you’re hosed. And Green has no reliable way to prevent that aside from QB. Try playing a Green deck without QB in Historic against Esper Control and see how it goes for you.
I’ll add that 22 people went flawless in the MCQ, about half played Green, and only two of them had Questing Beast at all. One of those two players had only a single copy. So to act as if QB is dominating the meta and is a problem card, to me, seems utterly unfounded.
Yeah Bo1 and Bo3 are rather different. QB is a really, really good 4 mana beatstick...but that's still not good enough to be an auto-include in every deck that has Green in it. Everybody knows that right now Green is in a great spot, but the meta decks are Jund Sacrifice or Simic Flash, both of which can't fit in QB. If a deck is aggressive that has Green in it, QB is amazing. Or if you're a midrange deck without any need for a utility creature in the 4-drop slot, you can just put QB in there. But aside from that QB isn't making waves or warping the meta. Except for perhaps Bo1 because aggro decks are over-represented there, but nothing very serious is based on Bo1 so we can't really comment on a card's strength based on just Bo1.
From someone who was using Wine...don't. Use Bootcamp to get Windows and play it that way. You don't have to spend a dime but it will take a while to download all the stuff. Wine was buggy as hell, and who knows when Geforce will let you join the beta. (And it needs a certain internet speed to not be a laggy piece of shit.) Tutorial I used: https://youtu.be/Hmm9Q-T0oTo
Oh man, the HushTroll deck. I eventually deleted it in a rage because so often it would either never happen or I'd lose the turn after I pulled it off. Even in the Play queue I can't get it do anything 95% of the time. There's cards that you can use to make it more consistent...except Hushbringer shuts them all off. (Midnight Reaper, Basilica Bell-Haunt, etc)
It's either: * Somebody who quit the game for a while and came back * Literally did this on purpose just for the lolz (I've seen a ton of posts like this)
Ashiok doesn't create fliers. Do you wonder if an Esper Hero route can also work? Gives you access to cards like Despark (hits a ton of things), Deputy of Detention, Kaya Orzhov Usurper (stops Cat Oven, stops Escape, fuels Ashiok's Ult, can be a win condition with her own Ult) as well as having Hero of Precinct One providing pressure.
Starting from a conclusion and working their way back comes *very* naturally to those people.
Naaaah, better leave that decision to old white men. /s
I’m an idiot about these things. How do your delete the games logs?
There was some other guy who’s like 65 but “identifies” as 45 or whatever and wanted it on his drivers license. Newsflash: you can’t identify as a unit of time. It’s an objective measurement and isn’t a part of one’s personal identity at all.
To be fair, Tatyova rewards you for doing something you want to do anyway, and is rather guaranteed to happen, but you have no control over how often LoC burns people. If you keep getting hit with board wipes instead of targeted removal it's sitting there not doing much at all.
That’s what I was thinking too. Either hard control or have Hero of Precinct One and some control elements.
At this point I've started doing this on Brawlday if I'm using certain decks and I see I'm up against Golos or Niv Mizzet Reborn. Nope, fuck off, if you don't smorc those decks in 5 turns or use a counter spell on their Commander you just fucking lose and they all play the same.
AFAIK “smorc” is just a way to say pure aggro, turn creatures sideways until they’re dead.
One example... Jund Sacrifice player has Witch's Oven, Cauldron Familiar, and Mayhem Devil down, and they play Korvold, and in response to their triggers use the Oven. So that's Korvold, the Oven, and Mayhem Devil all triggering...and you can shut them all down.
* Questing Beast was there * Stomp had been used * It was a Nissa land, lands are colorless It's got to be one of those.
There's not really enough Hydra support in Standard or Historic to make 'hydra tribal' a thing. I think a cooler way to use those Polukranos you pulled is in Sultai with Thassa, she can blink it and keep resetting its counters to 6 so it can't be worn down by chip damage. You can also use [[Hydra's Growth]] on it, to keep it strong. Also a real problem if you put it on a [[Hydroid Krasis]] which can also go in the deck. No real need to bring in other Hydras, [[Gargos Vicious Watcher]] is a "hydras matter" card but you don't really need any help casting Polukranos. It can help cast Hydroid Krasis but that's not enough incentive to use it. I love Gargos in Commander but he really doesn't do much in Arena.
Man why didn’t I think to look there lol
Fellow Bootcamp Mac user I see.
I mean...when we're talking about Standard...why would I not count all the sets in it...? GRN, RNA, WAR, M20, ELD, and now THB. After rotation we had those 5, though only one of them was new, but still we had 5.
I don't think a card like that exists in a set that's in Arena. Only in paper.
This entire deck revolves around Thassa. What do you do when you don't draw Thassa, or do but don't have a steal effect? Or if the opponent isn't playing much creatures? You basically just have to sit there. It's better to have a deck that can abuse Thassa with your own creatures *but also* have a few Claims in there to potentially make use of. A card like Claim the Firstborn and Act of Treason are pretty much *completely* dead cards unless you resolved a Thassa last turn, so if you put all your eggs in that basket you're going to lose any time you don't have Thassa, or don't have theft effects, or don't have anything to target with them. I've seen Temur Elementals decks that use Thassa to bounce their Risen Reefs or Omnaths or Cavalier of Thorns, which is good synergy. Then they have a few Claim the Firstborns in. They don't *entirely* try to steal stuff with Thassa because that's too inconsistent.
I feel like no Esper Control will ever be so fucking annoying as the ones with Teferi Hero of Dominaria. That's why I haven't played Historic much, it was chock full of people still sucking that dude's dick for wins.
That's not always the case. Take the Uncommon [[Thought Erasure]] and ask yourself if it's a better card than, say, the Mythic Rare [[Haunt of High Tower]]. One of those cards sees tons of play, the other...never heard of it being used at all except in jank.
And Cayde-6
Seriously, needs to be used more. * All the Gods except Heliod * Fires of Invention * tons of Planeswalkers like Ugin, Liliana, Sarkhan, Garruk, Vraska, NISSA * Questing Beast * Nightpack Ambusher * Doom Foretold * Nyx Lotus * Nightmare Sheperd * All the Cavaliers * the list goes on Also synergizes with the new Ashiok as well, whatever Despark hits can become something Ashiok lets you play with the Ult, if you're Esper.
I don't really see how this could be better than Gruul Aggro with Embercleave. Questing Beast is soooo much better than Rampart Smasher in so many ways. No Pelt Collector? None of your creatures are very expensive so I don't really know what Nylea is doing. If you can play her you can play pretty much anything you got. This makes her a pretty low tempo card, she MIGHT be an indestructible creature but can also be an enchantment not doing much. (If you the mana to spare on her ability it means you're pretty hosed already.) Zur-Taa Goblin is probably all around better than the Hornbeetle. Embercleave is one of the strongest cards around for Red+X color creature decks. Purphoros isn't really needed unless you don't have Haste and have certain BIG cards or cards with ETBs...Gruul Aggro has Haste on most things anyway, and your deck doesn't really have anything that you desperately want to cheat out with Purphoros' ability. No anything that's all that great to give Haste to--anything that you can play in this deck that is given Haste isn't as threatening as Questing Beast which *naturally* has Haste (and like 5 other effects). No Gruul Spellbreaker? No Bonecrusher Giant? I'd rather have 4 Paradise Druid just because it can't be killed before it ramps you over that Caryatid, but then, Gruul Aggro doesn't even need mana dorks to begin with.
Seems like you're probably too often hosed if you have the Troll but didn't get your self-mill to play first. Also Assassin's Trophy is NOT what you want as your primary removal--ramping the opponent is often crippling. You want this card to be more of a late game catch-all, remove the REALLY critical part of their plan and give them a land that's probably extra at that point anyway. Hence why you usually see only 2 in the main board, because you don't want to draw it early. Don't think of it being a turn 2-3 play, think of it as "late game removal that's cheap enough to let me play something else in the same turn." If you want Golgari Aggro, why not just focus on Questing Beast, Rotting Regisaur, and Lovestruck Beast and equip a [[Shadowspear]] on them? Less hoops to jump through than the Charnel Troll. You can also have [[The Great Henge]] turned on more easily--you won't have to have self-milled first to get a Troll that sticks to ramp out the Henge.
I feel like on a community level it was brilliant, on a single player level though it was terrible. I play solo. There’s no way I could have figured this out for myself while also working 40 hours and remaining sane. So what did I do to get the lore and emblem? I looked it up online and then *ran through doors for an hour.* It was the most boring fucking thing I’ve ever done in this game.
It's partially because of more enchantment hate but also partly because people are trying completely new things and not just a tweaked Fires list they've been playing for a while.
The biggest change I made to this deck was ditching Altar of the Pantheon. SO many times I had one and simply couldn't find a time to play it, because it meant not playing a Deputy or Guardmage or couldn't keep up the mana for Absorb. I took them out for 3 Brazen Borrower instead, so much better for the bounce interaction, and the creature half can often be the last bit to getting the devotion for Thassa so she can attack.
Dream Trawler *never* gives itself Indestructible. That's why one the ways to get rid of it are board wipes, Hexproof doesn't stop those. Counter it, get around its Hexproof, edict effects, board wipes. Those are the easiest ways to get rid of it.
Haktos on 2 means he can only be targeted with things that cost 2. Electrodominance cast as *anything* but X = 0 will have a CMC of above 2. If you pay 3 mana to cast Electrodominance, it will have a CMC of 3, which Haktos has protection from, and it's just etc from there.
After watching a review of it...yeah it’s a bad movie but more like “bland, run-of-the-mill movie” like countless others rather than “the worst thing that’s ever happened” like people pretend it is. It’s as if the movie represents addiction to social media/phones and THAT’S why it’s hated so much. Rather than the content of the movie itself. It’s a forgettable movie not worth your time or money. But that is sooooo much better than some other movies like, say, North. (1994) The Emoji Movie is a disappointing movie. North is a *vile* movie that makes you want a detox after you watch it. [Just watch Siskel and Ebert talk about it.](https://youtu.be/KAAEFRVQU14)
There’s also [[Repudiate]] as well, nice if you can also use Replicate in some situations too.
If [[Teferi Hero of Dominaria]] never got banned then Nissa shouldn't either. Or is a meta-warping 5 drop Planeswalker only a problem if it's Green? ;)
We could compare and contrast all day if we want, my point is they’re pretty damn similar in terms of power. Nissa can come down quicker, but Teferi has better counter spells and has board wipes since they’re not turning lands into creatures. Nissa makes a creature and potentially has a counter ready, Teferi however draws a card even if he’s removed in response to his +1. And on, and on. My other points are: Nissa games don’t drag on until you concede. An unanswered Nissa either kills you with lands or big things from their mana. Teferi though? He would just Ult and wait for you to concede or deck yourself. Games that don’t last 20+ turns are better. Nissa enables some cards to be playable which never would be normally. Think of how much less cards like Agent of Treachery or Nixbloom Ancient or Kiora Bests the Sea God would be if Nissa didn’t make playing them feasible. We have more viable cards with mana doublers around. What does Teferi enable though?
The rare and mythic Chandra sees play, though those are M20. I guess Gideon sees some play in Heliod-style decks.
r/oldschoolaww
So...women don’t want unsolicited dick pics but somehow bisexual men...do? You can be ALL about the dick but nobody wants surprise dick pics. It’s not a thing that photographs well. You have to really, really want to see a specific dick to like getting a dick pic.
Tons. I shit at least 3 times a day.
It’s very simple: if you agree with me you’re open minded. If you disagree with me you’re close minded.
It is so far from being overpowered. * high devotion to one color * a 3 mana do nothing the turn you play it * against many opponents, it's a 20-turn clock; not exactly an emergency * even the decks that do draw extra cards...might be happier to see you play that instead of an Ayara or something Underworld Dreams is either for jank, or a sideboard option against specific matchups, not something every Black deck must use because it's amazing.
Even in a disard deck Vicious Rumors is bad. Though I *do* think it's a good card if you're making a janky fun deck that uses [[Scheming Symmetry]] as an easy way to make sure they don't get what they picked. Though any cheap mill card can do that so it's not like Vicious Rumors is even needed then. You could easily use [[Overwhelmed Apprentice]] if you're also playing Blue.
Given that you have no use for Food I don't like the inclusion of Foreboding Fruit at all. Black Devotion wins by getting out lots of things to do damage either from combat or Gray Merchant; Foreboding Fruit just hinders this by taking a turn off to draw cards. Vampire of the Dire Moon isn't really a good fit. If you had 4 copies of Spawn of Mayhem then I would understand because it's a pretty good way to guarantee that you do damage and then play Spawn of Mayhem on turn 3. But with just one Spawn, I'd rather have Gutterbones simply because it pushes more damage, and it's not terrible if it dies either. Don't forget that with Nightmare Shepherd, if Gray Merchant dies, you can get its trigger *again* by making it come back as a 1/1 Nightmare. This means it can be great to have a sacrifice outlet so that you can play Gray Merchant, get its trigger, then immediately sac it if Nightmare Shepherd is out, and get it again. That can absolutely close out games. You can use [[Woe Strider]] for this as one example. Or [[Priest of Forgotten Gods]] or have the [[Cauldron Familiar]] and [[Witch's Oven]] combo. So I guess my recommendations would be take out the Spawn of Mayhem for another Nightmare Shepherd, take out the Foreboding Fruit for Woe Strider, and take out the Vampire of Dire Moon for Gutterbones. EDIT: I'd also pay attention to your Drag to the Underworld, it's a good card but can be useless against decks without many creatures, so if you find it's often a dead card swap it for Murderous Rider since it's more versatile.
I keep forgetting it does that, I’ve only used it so far to give big boys trample and lifelink lol
Kinda odd to ask now when we're still so early in the cycle. We only have one additional set from what we had when it first rotated.
My dream is against Jund Sacrifice, they play Korvold, his sac trigger goes on the stack, then they sac Fabled Passage and in response to that use Oven on the Cat, all with a Mayhem Devil on the field...Whirlwind Denial. No land, no card draw, no food, no damage pings for you sir!
And 3 mana to kill a Questing Beast ain't bad either.
This is a case of RTFC haha Both Thassa’s activated ability and Dream Trawler’s result in Dream Trawler getting tapped. So if you activated Dream Trawler in response to an opponent tapping it down, you’ve discarded a card for nothing. It would end up tapped either way.
It’s what a lot of people do if they’re vets. Drawing all those cards BEFORE you sac to Korvold gives you a better choice on what to sac. Maybe you draw a bunch of lands so you sac a land. Maybe you draw NO lands and feel like you better sac a food. That sort of thing. You don’t really gain anything by waiting. Except against Whirlwind Denial but that’s a new card that wasn’t around for all the top placements of Jund before.
I made this sarcastic comment hoping to get downvotes and "PC master race" bros angry. Then you had to ruin it by being mature and reasonable!
There are TONS of good cards that don't get used simply because they're not the best choice. There are plenty of decks that could run this card...but it's better to have something like Murderous Rider and Midnight Reaper in that 3 cmc slot instead. Stuff like that. This card is a good card but that doesn't mean your deck *needs* it. That's the real question.
I hate it most when they’re gone but have no idea; they think they’re totally normal and they’re always right. So they constantly make wild proclamations and you try to explain and it falls on deaf ears because it’s like they’re in a dream. And dreams seem totally normal, as does your train of thought, until you wake up and realize how batshit crazy it all was.
You act like losing on turn 4 to Embercleave is some unheard of idea but I wonder if you ever played against RDW before rotation that killed you by turn 4 *without* using any cards that cost over 4 mana. The only difference is you'd be whining about the entire deck instead of just one card.
Every color has creature removal of some sort. You have to get used to the idea that *your deck will never have all the answers though.* There is going to be some card that your deck just loses to, no matter what. That’s not that card’s fault though, because every color combo has something it struggles with. If you have no early interaction, no board wipes, then yeah Embercleave can smoke you if they get the right draw. That’s life. Doesn’t mean Embercleave needs to be banned. Mono Blue automatically loses to Shifting Ceratops. Doesn’t mean it needs to be banned no matter how much someone like you whines about it though.
Or anybody who wants a sideboard so they don’t have to fold to certain cards like you do.
Because they’re stronger in Bo1. Some decks are unnaturally strong when you can’t sideboard against them. A lot of your problems are self-imposed.
The issue with Mindbreaker is that Dream Trawler exists and is generally much better, despite requiring you to be UWx.
I wouldn't have more than 2 Klothys in the main board. You don't want to draw multiple and she's not great in every match up. Against control, to get constant damage? Or decks that are utilizing their graveyard? Yes. But against another Gruul deck you might find she's not doing too much unless you have the Devotion to make her a creature. I would also cut 1 Domri's Ambush because it sucks have multiples in hand but no creatures because you got a hand of the Ambushes, lands, and a few creatures that got killed. Ambush is a dead card without the right creature to use it with, so I don't like having 4. 3 is ok though. I do think you need at least one more land though. Overall though, I'm not sold on this "Satyr Gruul" over the more traditional Gruul Aggro or Gruul Adventures.
Mythic Rare PWs have an Ultimate in almost all cases. It is a design mistake that he is the way he is, but that's true regardless what his rarity is.
If you're going to be running Uro I would consider having Cavalier of Thorns instead of Gales. It helps fuel Uro and ramps you up to KBtSG more easily. Also, it kills a Dream Trawler (if they don't have draw spells) instead of trading with it. Overall though, Bant without Nissa and Hydroid Krasis, well, you'd better have a good reason to not be using those cards.
Without a screenshot we can't really know. Like was there a [[The Wanderer]] in play? Could be something that prevents your noncombat damage.
Yes because if you go first they can't possibly counter it, and if you go second they have to have Quench. If they don't, they can't counter your creatures until they deal with it, if they do have Quench, well that's a Quench that was used instead of against something else. 4 Destiny Spinner and 4 Shifting Ceratops can really dumpster counter-heavy decks.
I can’t believe they have 4 Dreadhorde Butcher in the main board when it can be blocked by the Cat, Goose, Fervent Champion, and quite a few others. If it can’t hit face reliably on turn 2 it’s a bad card.
Easy guide: Card = anything that's not in play; hand, graveyard, exile, library, etc Spell = anything that is being cast. Lands aren't cast but any other card type is a spell once you declare that you're casting it Permanent = once something is on the battlefield after being cast or put there by some other means
I bet playing Amnesia Dark Descent helped him get to that point too.
I do NOT like using Assassin's Trophy as your removal. Ramping your opponent in the early game *sucks* so bad. I think it belongs as a 2-of because it's meant for the late game, when ramping won't matter too much, because you have other removal to use earlier. I don't know what Blood for Bones is doing, you don't have any bombs to revive. In fact, what is the point of all the self-mill here? What benefits from it? Just Syr Konrad and that's it. You need something that benefits from having all that stuff in your graveyard like [[Polukranos Unchained]] or [[Molderhulk]] or [[Lotleth Giant]].
I think one of the main problems is that the self-mill you do before Syr Konrad shows up is literally pointless. If you want Golgari graveyard focus, you need a reason to do that. It would be like having a Simic Ramp deck without anything worthwhile to ramp into.
Well if you go Sultai there’s also Uro.
Idea I had to help make being on the draw better: You Scry 1 OR Scry 2 on your first turn. What do you think? And if you like it, do you think the Scry 1 or 2 is the most balanced option?
Yeah I think either go with non-mill ETBs or if you want mill I’d go with the 3-mana Ashiok.
That knowledge and expertise only matters if they agree with you.
Protection means you can't be: * targeted * damaged * enchanted * blocked * equipped By whatever you have protection from. But a card like Shatter The Sky does none of those things. Same with Cry of the Carnarium or Ritual of Soot. Effects like Plaguecrafter can still force you to sacrifice the creature as well. Counter spells or things that affect spells (when they're not permanents yet) work too, and naturally they can be discarded as well. Protection is strong but it won't stop things that don't target. You would need Indestructible. (But that, too, doesn't stop it from getting exiled, or pacified so it can't attack or block, or bounced, or you have to sacrifice it, etc.) Nothing is ever safe from everything.
I definitely hate getting hit by a 10/13 Arboreal Grazer after a big Finale of Devastation.
That's true, it often gets the boost from that too.
Increase that bar graph three-fold when you play a turn 1 Grafdigger’s Cage, they assemble their board, play Winota, swing, nothing happens, angry confusion, then they concede.
But...but...BUT! What if...I instead show off by playing out everything I would have if I didn’t have lethal, while paying no attention to the board state? No one has ever been punished for that.
-313? ‘Tis but a scratch!
I guess I haven’t been keeping up with tournaments...and hell I haven’t even been playing Standard lately either, just Historic and Brawl. Pardon my ignorance
My guesses are: * He rotates in a few months anyway * He keeps Wilderness Reclamation+Explosion decks in check * While super, super annoying and shuts down some avenues of play, he isn't a win condition except against Flash decks that fold quickly if they let him resolve
I’m not offended, just explaining why people aren’t going to take you seriously. Doubling down on the ‘logic’ of “if you can afford the cost, then it’s free” isn’t doing you any favors either.
When I win with my Animar Hydras deck, it's because I have like multiple 20/20 unblockable/Trampling Hydras coming at you. Who needs this type of stuff?
Yeah, you're probably right. While it is true that I might grind out wins with repeated recursions from stuff like Debtor's Knell or Sheoldred or Sepulchral Primordial, I could find myself getting some value but not being lethal. I'll look into my bombs and see if I can bear swapping them out for those.
I guess I didn't realize how few creatures I had! Yeah, Debtor's Knell can come out. I did put in Approach and Baneful Omen as ways to close games, but I guess I need to swap Knell for something else too. I noticed I had a Baleful Strix, could always just put it in as a generally useful card. Or stay big and do something like Diluvian Primordial? Edit: wait, Knell pulls from ANY graveyard, that's why it's in. So I guess I'm keeping it in for now?
I’ve always maintained it should be Hawkmoon, not its baby version.
Oh do tell why it doesn’t work, this will be fun.
Saying something doesn’t work is NOT the same as saying it’s bad. We all know it’s bad. But it does work. You’re either backpedaling or have a loose grasp of the English language.
I’d consider it in a Mutate deck, like if you’re using Otrimi or Brokkos or whatever, but aside from that it’s a card more Standard, not EDH.
She would only be ok if she cost 1WBR. Making her 3WBR is just insulting. Hell if she needs to lose a keyword or two to make it happen I’d be glad for it.
They are, but the maps in which they’re the best choice are, like...what, Equinox? Maybe Widow’s Court? (Even then you can easily just pack a sniper and a close range primary.) It’s the maps holding Scouts back. Their TtK is pretty much the same as D1 but most maps have extremely popular sight lines that make them awkward as hell to use.
That movie will always hold a special place in my heart for two reasons. One, the soundtrack. Just, *damn.* Two, Frollo is a *realistic villain.* There are thousands of Frollos walking the streets right now. People with power who believe they’re serving good while actually being incredibly hateful, close minded, and dangerous. This movie prepares kids for the real world more than, say, Lion King does. Scar revels in his wickedness, Frollo actually has a moral quandary in the movie; he WANTS to be good, he just has an extremely short sighted of what good is, and goes to extreme measures to fulfill it, blind to the damage he’s doing. (And also, racist.) T.H.o.N.D. is a stand out among the old school Disney animation movies.
Nonsense, my $300 TV is hung like a picture frame! /s
Ah yes, the USA, where half the country thinks abortion is murder and “you should take responsibility for your actions” but there’s not a peep said about un-adopting children and shuffling them back in to a harsh, uncaring, broken foster system.
It’s almost like [its all done for optics and to feel all fuzzy inside without having to lift a finger.](https://friendlyatheist.patheos.com/2019/05/20/a-methodist-pastor-is-brilliantly-calling-out-the-pro-life-crowds-hypocrisy/)
It usually is an "oh shit" moment. Anti-choicers make up some fantasy about most abortions being like 28 year old, well-established women who have sex with a new dude every night and are like "condoms and a baby just CRAMP MY STYLE, man!" and use abortion as birth control. It's bullshit. Up to half of abortions are because birth control failed, and there's tons of other reasons too, not just "I want to keep partying, yolo."
I think you’re equating “life” with “individual” or “person” which is where our disagreement came from. See, the sperm, egg, zygote, womb, fetus...they’re ALL “alive” in an objective sense. But the real debate is when a new individual/person occurs. You and I don’t think it happens at conception, but anti-choicers mostly do, which I don’t think has any factual, scientific, or philosophical basis. (Because to me, and probably you as well, there’s more to a person than just their DNA strands.)
If you’re going to have a lot of krakens, leviathans, octopuses, and serpents you’re going to want [[Serpent of Yawning Depths]].
I agree about Vorinclex lol. I’ve never played against one, and I don’t have one, but it is by far the most asshole Praetor and probably the most oppressive creature I know of. Elesh Norn? People groan but it doesn’t affect every deck the same way. Doesn’t mess with mana or your hand. Sheoldred? Heck if you instant speed remove this, she does nothing. Even a whole turn cycle with her out doesn’t lock the game down or anything. Jin-G is *almost* oppressive enough for me to never consider playing, but like Sheoldred, any instant speed removal can prevent him from doing anything. And he can’t screw all players over unless a whole turn cycle goes by and nobody touches him. (Also good luck even casting it normally.) Urabrask doesn’t even feel unfair at all, just a great Red 5-drop.
I’m gonna share the link just because even if you don’t care about video games at all, the “Meet the ___” series from Team Fortress 2 are all awesome and hilarious. https://youtu.be/jHgZh4GV9G0
Basically, yeah. Biomass Mutation is a Green and Blue card. If it’s in a Commander deck that’s mono colored, it means a color is getting access to a whole different color it’s not meant to. As in, it’s masquerading as a Blue card when it’s in fact doing something rather Green. (This particular card I mentioned might not actually be the best example, though.)
Insert “yes but actually no” meme.
Yep. Can you tell me what colors are on the border of Lurrus? Look son, your problem is you have not yet demonstrated that just because a card can be mechanically CAST as one color means it should be treated as if it IS one color. All the arguments seem to basically be “I wanna” or “that dev said he wanna” which aren’t really arguments.
For climbing the ladder, sure. But you can’t even play that kind of deck as *jank* right now because of Teferi. Thanks to Teferi, just about the only decks that can rely on an artifact or enchantment for their strategy are Temur Adventures (which loves Lucky Clover but doesn’t strictly need it, and it costs less mana than Tef) and Wilderness Rec (which is dumpstered by Teferi but is such a strong deck anyway that it’s worth it). Even when you know you’re playing jank with Simic Ascendancy or Rhythm of the Wild or The Ozolith it doesn’t even feel viable as jank.
Yeah but Quartzwood in hand when Ilharg attacks...*drool*
So if you have [[Hero of Precinct One]] on the field and cast [[Lurrus of the Dream Den]] does it make a token or not?
I’d rather Teferi not have that sort of passive and Wilderness Reclamation to be a Legendary enchantment, to be honest.
I mean...they did exactly everything wrong when it comes to fighting someone with a bow. I’m not trying to throw shade on you, but sometimes it’s more the enemy’s fault.
My view on hybrid cards is multifaceted. I already said before (perhaps not to you, I dunno) that Biomass Mutation might not have been the best example I could have given. But then I also didn’t expect angry keyboard warriors such as yourself to make it this big of a deal either. Real crux of it is, either a card like [[Tome of the Guildpact]] triggers off hybrid cards because they’re all their colors and can’t be in a commander deck unless it has all their colors, or it doesn’t trigger because they’re mono colored. We can’t have it both ways but it sure seems like you want to.
How...how many takers does he get when he just rolls up to people offering tattoo removal??
How would you keep the mana until the end step?
If so...just pack shotguns in Gambit and Crucible, if you do those things already. Or hell, just pack a shotty during Strikes or whatever else low-level PvE you do. It will happen eventually and you won’t feel like it’s a grind. As for me, I did some kill farming in the Leviathan and some PvP. Didn’t do it all at once either.
I don't auto-include it but it's a card you can always consider, especially if you don't have Green. I'm glad for the reprint, it's actually kinda nuts to pay $5-6 for this so I hope it comes down.
God, the art on Village Cannibals is *disturbing.*
Don't forget Claim the Firstborn either. Take your thing, attack with it, sac and draw 2 cards. Net +1 I guess since they're losing Claim and Rites and drawing 2 while also making the opponent lose a creature. And potentially life.
What tokens have you been making on turn 1, pray tell?
Some thoughts: * Yeah, pretty much everyone hates Teferi. Even those that use him wish he didn't really exist like this. * However, don't lump all Planeswalkers in with him. [[The Royal Scions]] come down on the same turn, with way higher loyalty, but aren't busted at all. This Teferi was a big design mistake, but many aren't. * There are way more spells that can target him than you listed, but people mentioned a bunch already so I won't repeat. Cheap fliers work great though, including [[Shark Typhoon]] will can still make a flier at instant speed even with Teferi on the board already. But there's even more than that like [[Domri's Ambush]], [[Blitz of the Thunder Raptor]], [[Charge of the Forever Beast]], tons of White like [[Prison Realm]] and [[Banishing Light]], etc. Every color has ways of doing it. That said, he's an asshole that should have had 3 Loyalty, and his +1 and passive ability should have been swapped.
*Removes frog dick from my mouth* The fuck you say?
Kinnan: wants to steal your stuff on turn 4 with Agent of Treachery/Mass Manipulation. Niv: five mana 6/6 flyer that simply hitting the board means they draw 2-5 cards. So yeah, I don’t even bother playing against these decks unless I have an immediate kill spell for Kinnan or counter spells for Niv.
Ah, but you see, in the EDH deck I'm building with [[Yennett, Cryptic Sovereign]] as the Commander, this is a mana rock that she can cheat out from the top of my deck, while doing 2 damage to boot! Alternatively, think of how much [[Obosh the Prey Piercer]] loves this! **/s**
Most WAR Planeswalkers didn't have an Ult. Hell, many of them didn't even have a + ability.
I doubt he’s ever eaten something that’s *not* a GMO in his entire life. Think wild corn looks like that? Or tastes like that? Or apples? Or wheat? Or *anything?* We’ve been breeding wild stuff to be better since the dawn of agriculture, nobody alive today is eating much “natural.”
Sounds like you're playing Bo1, to be honest.
In Historic, maybe. At least a few sets ago it was possible to have a fun deck that hopes to curve out like this: * Knight of Ebon Legion * Dreadhorde Butcher * Thought Erasure/removal of permanents (used to have Thief of Sanity too but it dies too easy right now) * Nicol Bolas the Ravager * Nicol Bolas, Dragon-God Knight of Ebon Legion and Dreadhorde Butcher are two early creatures that simply run away with the game unless they're dealt with. And that can pave the way for your bigger cards. Is it still any good? I dunno, I play it just hoping to have fun.
Tamiyo...but this thing exiles itself.
Abusable but I don’t think anyone can say for certain that it’s OP. It exiles itself so it can't be repeated. Using it on your turn is cheap but pointless without specific strategies to take advantage of it. And 6 mana with a rather high devotion to Blue to take an extra turn isn’t unheard of.
[[Narset’s Reversal]]
Janky [[Vraska, Swarm's Eminence]] Brawl players, rejoice!
At least that’s an advantage if you have Devotion going on with Gary.
That is certainly a fun way to deal with that, but I'm absolutely terrible with drawing anything more advanced than a stick figure, and it's just a bit too much of hassle for me. I'm not really hankering for a new deck at the moment anyway so I don't feel like I'm "losing" anything by not crafting a Riku deck. I have a Temur Animar Hydras deck, I'm finishing up a Yennett deck, and I might make a Queen Marchesa deck or something in the future but so far I'm fine with 2-3 unique, non-precon decks.
Not quite, bows never need to stop for several seconds to reload, and can fire even without a full ‘charge’ and can also hold their charge for quite a while before firing.
It is still possible to run Jeskai Lukka with DT as your only creature. Will it be a tournament winning deck? No but it’s still pretty good.
I love Blue (and Green) a lot but saying counterspells answer everything is one of those things that’s like...kinda true. Counterspells can stop everything (that doesn’t specifically hose them) however they’re the only removal that you must keep mana up for, and are useless after the fact. Whereas removal from any other color is normally perfectly able to deal with a threat that’s already on the board. A counterspell that works on any target isn’t the same as a white spell that works on any target, because of the timing involved.
That was my only guess but I didn't think that would apply here. I know it applies in "target that creature, bam instant give it hexproof, original spell fizzles" but I figured that if Pelt Collector did trigger it would happen aside from a Stifle effect.
You ignore half what I write, ignore what the OP really meant, and play airmchair psychologist imagining me to be full of anger and spite when I’m simply not. We’re done here, you’re not reasonable enough.
It's kinda hard to say that he's unbeatable when it's possible to Shock him when he first appears, and the opponent gets no extra ramp, then they get up to 4 mana, play him again, and you Stomp it death again, making him a 6 mana play now and he hasn't really done much. And you spent a total of 3 mana to do it. Red decks can dumpster him if you mulligan to get cheap removal for killing 2/2s. Blue also potentially has Mystical Dispute and Tale's End. That said, I do think Kinnan players are basically the assholes of Simic, since their primary win con seems to just be Agent of Treachery and Mass Manipulation. I've never faced a Kinnan deck and lost to lots of big creatures. I simply don't play against them unless I can remove Kinnan the turn he appears.
Props for not calling them the Legendary Dogs!
Man it turns out that my issue with the art of old cards (I started in 2018) is often not the art but the border and frame. This looks MUCH better than the original in my opinion.
Pro tip: go into cover between arrows.
Also quite entertaining in The Fifth Element!
6 man slam and you only get 1/3rd of the Super bar? That should be illegal.
I don’t have Twitter, can someone just give me a single sentence of what that guys name is and what he’s done?
It’s for when you’re making an apple pie or something; peels and cores the apple all at once, then just slice it up and you got pie filling.
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/climate/trump-environment-rollbacks.html It’s not because of him, that’s for sure.
Boy you clammed up and just starting hurling nonsensical ad hominems real fast lmao
Oh so THAT’S why I “accidentally” got Dredgen. I play Gambit quite a bit and thought it just got lucky, since I never tried to earn it.
Thankfully this was so masterfully done in all respects that I think it’s untouchable. Nobody would ever even try.
With Headseeker on a gun like Cold Denial, you're pretty much at the Pilgrim days. IIRC guns like Pilgrim in D1 were either OP because they killed in 4 crits, 2 body...or people largely forgot about them because they got nerfed to needing all 6 shots to be crits. Only now has Bungie relented and gone for that middle ground of 5 crit, 1 body which has made Headseeker actually do something.
Also sometimes it’s as simple as “I grew up with Macs because my mom needed them for her job, and never planned on gaming with them ever, but then got into Magic recently and who buys a whole new computer just to play MtG: Arena?”
It’s almost like words matter.
Your comment makes it seem like Golos slots right in, you just can’t activate his ability.
Argument against: it makes the game harder to understand and doesn't make *the format* better just because it might make *your deck* better. I have yet to hear compelling reasons to do this that aren't simply selfishness. They want X card to be able to go into Y deck, and that's it. That's the reason, and then try to justify it based on what the creator of hybrid mana says. Like, the recent "commanders trigger death effects even when they go into the Command Zone" rule change is an example of a change that, overall, makes the game easier to play and even helps out some Legendary creatures. Sure some things got a little complicated but I bet tons of people were tired of reminding people that their commander getting axed didn't trigger Blood Artist. It's easier for new players and more intuitive that commanders do indeed "die." This hybrid debate? Tell me one thing about it that makes *the format* better and not just making certain *decks* better.
Yeah, for classic constructed play. Not EDH. In terms of mechanics hybrids are dual colored cards that can be cost with one kind of mana but that still means they’re dual colored.
And?
As others have said, more restrictions actually make *more* design space.
This is not an explanation at all.
This is false equivalence. I hope you understand the difference between a card being mechanically monocolored but the EDH format places extra restrictions upon it, and a card being mechanically dual-colored but then *taking away* restrictions so it pretends to be monocolored. The very same reason Golos is 5c, despite being colorless for card interactions, is the same reason Lurrus is Orzhov; who’s actually dual-colored in BOTH identity and in card interactions. There aren’t buggy rules interactions when a 1c card can only be slotted into a certain multicolor deck.
Not really. Before your commander would go to the CZ as a replacement effect, and from there Roon would either return it, or Stifle...but hey it’s in the CZ anyway so you can still cast it again. Now if you put it into the CZ, Roon will NOT return it because it changed zones. However if you opt to let Roon return it, they could Stifle the trigger and you can’t use your commander again. Before there was no real risk, now you have to watch their open mana and decide to pay commander tax again or perhaps deal with your commander being permanently exiled. Though there is the human element; we could always just ask. And if they lie, or we know this is the kind of stuff they pull off...I wouldn’t want to play with that player.
I have yet to see a compelling reason why it ‘should’ be that way for EDH aside from just...asserting that it should be so, and quoting the designer. Every metric I can think of says that it would make the format more complicated AND worse. More staples that would go in every deck of a certain color, more “same-ness” between decks, less creativity required to build a deck, and even harder to explain to a newbie.
I have reasons for thinking it’s bad, just saying you don’t fix something that ain’t broke unless you can show that it’s actually broke first. Allowing hybrid mana to act as monocolored will IMO: * complicate interactions, especially for new players. * allow more decks to be simply “good stuff” and virtually identical to all other decks of that commander * lessens creativity when it comes to deck building, since fewer restrictions means less innovation * make even more must-have staples that we already have Feel free to disagree but I don’t see any pros outweighing these cons. Especially when people aren’t even listing pros aside from “I wanna” and “but Maro says.”
That sounds like your personal view of what the color identity rule means.
By the way, the more I think about it, the more I think I see where the fundamental disagreement arises from. Let's take Gargos Vicious Watcher as an example for a commander--Green and that's it. My view of the color identity rules in this case says "I'm only allowed to use cards that have Green or generic mana symbols on them." Your view (of your preferred method) is more like "I can use any card that can be cast with all Green mana, unless it has activated abilities that use other other colors." Hence why we view the color identity rules so differently, I think your view is fundamentally less rigid, but also needs an "unless" to even match up to the current rules. Which is why it fundamentally rubs me the wrong way.
&gt; First and foremost, it exists so that all cards in a deck are associated with the commander's colors. If this is how we view it, then it seems logical to be against changing how hybrid cards work because hybrid cards would quite literally let you play cards NOT associated with your commander’s colors. It’s equally true that Lurrus in a mono white deck is a white card in a white deck, but also a black card in a white deck (even mechanically) which is why it’s viewed as against the spirit of being only in your commanders colors. I get the whole thing about considering the *why* of the rules instead of just the *what,* it’s just to me the current rules already *do* enforce the why.
I love the backwards logic of saying aiming an AR takes no skill.
And crits with most sniper rifles didn’t kill them either. And you couldn’t kill them with max impact shotgun and a melee either. And they healed when they killed you and had homing on their hammers. Jesus Christ what a debacle it was. Glad it evolved into a balanced and still good subclass over D1 and into D2.
You don’t get it. It’s an inconvenience to me. *Me!* **ME** of all people!!!
Oh yeah &gt;_&lt;
Any thoughts on another M21 card, [[Terror of the Peaks]]?
Rock, Flying, and Fighting is another “true triangle.” There’s also Dark, Psychic, and Fighting but it’s a little imbalanced in that Dark isn’t resistant to Psychic but fully immune.
To be fair new Teferi isn’t as oppressive as the others. His “floor” is much lower.
Whether or not you put grocery carts away correctly is a good litmus test for how moral you actually are. Do you have to do it? No. But if you do the right thing anyway, putting a little more effort in to save other people the trouble, or if you don’t care because you can’t get punished for it, says a LOT about your character. Of course this is now multiplied a hundred fold in the “mask or no mask” situation going around...
Yeah, firing Fighting Lion and then swapping to Mountaintop for the clean up makes that quest step transform from aggravating to “a rather fun 5 crucible matches.”
In the USA at least, *a lot* of places don’t make you use a coin to get a cart. Though a few places do. It might depend on where you live, and what grocery chains are around. I think Aldi does that? But places like Giant Eagle and Walmart, nah.
This, a thousand times this. The reason people need to wear cloth masks is to protect OTHERS, not themselves. If it’s not a medical grade mask, it’s not really protecting you. It’s protecting everyone around you though. So telling other people it’s ok to not wear masks as long as you do is kinda like saying it’s ok for other people to wave loaded guns around with the safety off just because your gun is properly secured.
“No women, no kids.”
&gt; Lady Boyle gets given to some fucked up rapist dude who’s gonna keep her locked in his basement. I’ve played through Dishonored 1 a few times but can’t remember this since it’s been a while, can you refresh me?
I’m too immersed in games to act evil; I always act as though I would personally act. Which is why my biggest gripe with the game is that you can’t just load a single mission and play through it. It would be cool to go ultra violent without it impacting a story play through. There’s no possible way to replay anything without going through the entire game again.
That’s a lot of words but as a Warlock main for all of D1 and like 1.5 years of D2, it’s just a fact that Lift gets you places faster and usually with less effort required. And what you said doesn’t change that. It’s not that people don’t know to use it, it’s that there is objectively precious little that Glide does better than Lift, aside from hang time. It’s better for jumping puzzles and hovering over a doorway in Crucible to dive bomb people but that’s about it. Most of the time it’s just a slower Lift.
Would probably help Bant because they could use it and then cast Heroic Intervention to spare their lands. Or just be better at rebuilding thanks to mana dorks and Cultivate.
Is this supposed to be a budget thing? Because I find it hard to take suggesting Sphinx of New Prahv (or however you spell it) seriously. That card is only good in Limited. Even with Sphinx synergies, why? And why use Yennett just because she’s an Esper Sphinx and draws a card on attack? Ignoring her ability to cheat out great 5/7/9 mana spells is criminal.
I had a Gargos deck until I realized Animar seems to be just better at it.
