&gt;Sure it's just being physical and what. But this is just in response to Good Guy Nurse posts. I'm gonna burst your bubble and say he's not as clean as you think. you want a clip of something you know is not true to respond to people that say good things about Nurse. the fuck is going on in your head?
Just admit youre a Curry hater
Bet youre a teenager.
you clearly dont know the story of how he joined. do some research.
Youre honestly stupid AF if you think Kerr is a problem.
I wouldnt be playing for the fans either. Fuck em
Awful comparison
Nobody in the US is gonna sit there &amp; cheer after losing.
Its not an achilles issue at all. If it was, he wouldve had surgery ASAP &amp; he definitely wouldnt be walking on it. Most likely Grade 2 calf strain. Also, he has done some light practice.
If Klay ever leaves GS, I think Lakers have the best chance to get him, but the Warriors would have to be really stupid to let Klay get away.
New seasons usually start the last week of September.
Probably. Google it.
Lets go Warriors!
ANNNNND IIIIIIIIIEEEEIIIII WILLL ALWAYS LOVE YOUUUUUU
For real. People just read the negative headlines I guess.
so far Warriors look comfortable, Raptors look nervous
Ive already enjoyed this game more than the previous 4
I really hope thats just the calf again &amp; not the achilles
Lets go Boogie, now is your time to shine
1st quarter I was hype for a good game. 2nd quarter im just depressed for KD.
holy shit
I cant blame anybody. Warriors, KD &amp; his agent all had to know the possibilites of coming back too soon. At this point, you just live with the decision.
Seriously seems like all of Canada is outside. Get a TV 😂
shout out Looney 💪
KD leaving the arena on crutches https://twitter.com/CassidyHubbarth/status/1138278446264700928
I wouldnt compare it to Kobe. KD will have many more successful years after he recovers.
youre an idiot
Pretty bad cuz it takes almost a year to recover from &amp; most players are never the same once they do recover.
does it make you delusional?
Guess ill find something else to watch tonight.
Rob Pelinka, this is your chance to prove yourself.
David Griffin isnt stupid.
holy shit i hate this sub.
Yes the Knicks might strike out, but dude its June 12th. Give em time to do something.
Please never be a scout, You clearly cant evaluate talent.
I should just get off r/nba for the summer.
Top 5 player, respected as tier 1 player, MJ comparisons ("the next MJ") were made before or during his 1st few years in the league. idk who i would compare him to today.
Of course. Haters dont wanna see somebody continue to be successful.
saving this for later
WARRRRRIORSSSS!!! 💪
Youre probably 13 years old &amp; havent even seen another dynasty.
Draymond, ffs take that!
Does that say he played 4 SECONDS? This gotta be a joke or some Make-A-Wish thing.
Klay &amp; Game 6s, name a better duo
Starting the off-season threads early
definitely a foul
Klay has 25 points on 11 shots
Probably the right move to keep Klay out. Even if his knee just overstretched, you dont want to risk him tearing his ACL.
*breathing intensifies*
worst ending of a Finals ever
WHAT ARE THEY REVIEWING? ITS OVER, LET IT END
The Gasol brothers are champions!
It did, but its just part of the game.
Do your research. Nobody was offering him a contract
Why people gotta make these negative threads? Just celebrate the season.
If Kawhi leaves, he might consider it.
Yes he did. You clearly werent paying attention.
You have to be stupid to believe that.
Kawhi gon celebrate for a few days &amp; catch the first flight to LA
3 out of 5 aint bad.
&gt;Why do they do news like this the second the game ends? I assume out of respect not to be a distraction during the playoffs.
Take Kawhi off the Raptors, do they win still? no Take VanVleet off the Raptors, do they win still? possibly gotta give it to Kawhi
Happy for his friends
no. people just assuming the worst.
Ive never seen somebody tear their ACL &amp; get up, walk, run &amp; jump on it 5 minutes later. Maybe it is a tear, but Ive never seen it happen like that.
There was like 3 Warriors &amp; Kerr calling for timeout, idk why youre blaming it on Draymond. There was literally no other option at that point.
Thanks Captain Hindsight.
Those numbers will probably be very different in 2 weeks
Nobody said he was.
Sad to see, but hes smart, im sure he'll figure out something.
100% chance its released on June 25th.
lol nah
Just let it go already.
Yes they did.
Their official account is starting to look like your average twitter fan. Im glad the Lakers account doesnt do this shit.
&gt;We can celebrate one without cutting down another. Unfortunetly, thats not how the internet thinks.
Our Front Office is already set &amp; theyre deep into planning for next year at this point. You dont disrupt that a week before the draft &amp; 2 weeks before FA. Also, Lakers are cheap &amp; wouldnt outbid them.
Sometimes I wish I could see everybodys age &amp; total NBA years watched, on reddit.
Im assuming theyre all filming for Space Jam
I doubt CP3 has the patience to play with a bunch of young guys.
Were gonna be fine, dont worry about us.
Every single championship is legitimate. You could put an asterisk next to every title ever. They all require alot of talent and a lil bit of luck.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 🤣🤣🤣🤣
im gonna need a better source than that.
As long as we dont do anything stupid, he wont consider leaving next summer. So FFS Jeanie/Pelinka, dont do anything stupid.
Idk why, but I never got attached to BI. Hes good, but I never felt like he fit with this team. Im only really sad about Lonzo.
I feel bad for his whole family cuz I know they wanna stay close, but at least its still the western conference &amp; with 4 teams in Cali, Zo will still be close by alot.
Not gonna happen. I could see him going to Wolves or Suns tho.
Haters still trying to find every reason they can, lol
Haters gonna hate. We got like half a team right now, how about we see who we got in a couple months from now
Finished the season with the 12th best defense &amp; we were constantly top 10 before injuries. Did YOU not watch them play?
Sometimes you gotta make difficult decisions to get to where you wanna go. I feel like Dr Buss would approve of this one.
and NBA Champion Jeremy Lin
LOL, even Woj is like "here we go"
It just hit me that we dont have to deal with his shit anymore. Even tho I found most of it funny.
he also guaranteed we would make the playoffs last year.
I think it depends how healthy all these players stay. Im not really worried about future picks right now.
BOOOOOOOOOOO
Coming from a Heat fan btw.... lol
This will forever be funny to me.
Its so crazy that he might do it, lol
Pretty sure theyre both fully recovered &amp; practicing. It shouldnt be an issue.
No, last I heard he recovered and has been cleared to play. It wasnt as big of a issue as some people made it seem.
For sure, especially Ingram.
Too early to even guess. We got 2 weeks before guys start moving around.
This post made my head hurt.
You gotta give the haters credit, they are trying REALLY hard tonight, lmao
If were winning titles, I dont care about future picks.
Kuzma has 0
You know hes on the Magic now right? Hes gonna have a chance to develop there.
Assuming he got his shoulder issue fixed, he will have a chance to prove himself this year. If it reoccurs, hes a bust.
LETS GO!
Name checks out
You can do better than that.
im so glad dumb posts get deleted
Not Lakers related. r/nba exists for a reason
I swear you guys are like dudes talking about your ex-girlfriends, always wanting them back. Move the fuck on.
no problem. maybe you should create a more thought out thread next time so it doesnt get deleted.
there is a difference between champions &amp; scrubs that didnt do shit.
why do i need to explain the difference between legends &amp; dudes on their rookie contracts? im aware of how i sound, like a douchebag. you guys sound like dick riders to me.
People actually think we hired him for 1 reason, thats hilarious.
ask again in 2-3 weeks.
Kyrie
if only there was a way to search for information on the internet, hmmmm
We know he can shoot, but can he run up &amp; down the floor without getting tired and play decent defense? i doubt it.
Please do some research before you post trash. 2 of those guys arent even on our team right now.
I cant believe people keep asking this. Jason Kidd is a hall of famer, I shouldnt even need to say more than that. We want as many great basketball minds as possible in this organization.
damn i have a good joke, but people are sensitive so i wont say it.
nobody is talking about Houston right now
There are alot of championships that wouldve changed if X player(s) wasnt injured. Winning a title requires alot of talent &amp; a little bit of luck.
something like that, lol.
Also, Teams aggressively hanging up on the Timberwolves
that clip is soooooo old, probably 10 years at least.
GO GET IT OUT OF THE PARKING LOT!
That would be incredibly stupid.
Holy shit, I think I just got dumber from reading this.
Everybody knows somebody who knows somebody who knows somebody, etc.
Ya I could see him in the top 5 for MVP, but probably wouldnt win it.
You should really catch up on the news, that aint happening.
This is really gonna get posted every 5 minutes for the rest of the day cuz nobody understands how social media works.
I need to get off the computer, I cant handle all these reports playing with my emotions.
the NBA IS a soap opera
Not worth it and not the right fit.
100%
Please post more old news, we need more duplicate posts. I really wanna hear what happened hours ago again. Thanks.
I forgot about him saying that. Interesting.
Danny Ainge &amp; its not even close. Pelinka hasnt done enough yet.
I really dont think Lavars comment was intended to be inappropriate, she just took it that way. It wasnt even a big deal, but I guess everybody is sensitive nowadays.
Im gonna believe were getting Kawhi even at the risk of being completely wrong
you wouldnt miss much. the draft is incredibly boring.
It was a No as soon as you said "4 team trade"
THIS. IS. NOTHING. Stop being so fuckin sensitive.
Shit post to the max
last year
Not sure yet. Something bothering him &amp; he asked to be taken out.
"Rich Hill left the game with left forearm tightness" from Bill Plunkett
I laughed
sure, why not
Its always been overtuned IMO. Remember, you can wear old legendaries to help out, MoP cloak, WoD ring, 2 Legion legendaries &amp; any weapons. Im usually the only person that does this &amp; I end up doing 50% of the damage.
Yes, it works for all timewalking. Everything is just scaled
If he does, it will probably be limited minutes/games.
Just taking what Ramona said on The Jump &amp; adding to it for his own tweet. Seriously, stop posting him.
The Lakers girls have a TV show that shows the entire process to become 1 of the dancers. They work hard &amp; are treated as professionals.
Nah, Im enjoying not having to think about any draft picks this year.
doesnt even look like Kawhi
These draft hats are awful. Just wear hats with the logo
You are not smart.
Never missed a shot.
what? its not our pick.
Imagine Zaza being your basketball idol
Totally sounds like him to me, which is hilarious. 🤣
yes downvote me. i got the shit on mute, these picks dont mean anything to us.
We really should... wait to see what our options are.
The Splash Brothers just got a Poole. ill show myself out... 🤣
LMAO! love it!
ok rapid fire these last 30, lets speed this up people
hes just taking other peoples tweets &amp; turning them into his own. everything he tweets has been said already
More than last year.
I think their best bet is to just try again. They got Harden/CP3 still. It will probably end the same way, but you never know.
cuz ESPN makes alot of money. the shows theyre on are successful
cap spiked in 2016. teams had more money to spend &amp; didnt use it wisely. also I believe Brian Shaw (who was an assistant coach at the time) had something to do with it since he was Head Coach of the Nuggets when Mozgov was there.
The whole point of the show is to debate topics. They dont hate each other or anything. im sure snowflakes these days dont understand you can have a heated argument with somebody and not hate them.
That would be awesome.
Look at this guys post history, lmao.
Dream bigger
Rodman
gimme Kawhi, Klay &amp; lets just dominate 4 on 5.
People thought we were delusional to think we were getting LeBron People thought we were delusional to think we were getting AD Keep calling us delusional, its fine with me.
Whatever was on Adult Swim last night. I literally watch Family Guy almost every single day.
It will most likely be up 2-3 hours early, but you never really know with these patches.
0
Sensitive snowflake detected.
Ja Rule hid after 50 Cent hurt him
I dislike the people that believe everything they read
i cant believe people are still talking about the playoffs in here. ALL these awards are based on the regular season u noobs.
Why are people losing their shit over the word Negro? its literally not a big deal.
Holy shit, make this guy stop
They really dragging this show out. Couldve easily been 1 hour.
We JUST watched a video on Magic/Bird, move on!
Kawhi gonna decide on July 1st &amp; this gets cancelled.
Yes.
Complaining about it on reddit makes it more fun
Hes gonna be a huge star in this league. People might not see it now, but I see it coming.
no idea what you mean by that.
I really dont think you understand the meaning of "global game"
Its based on a scale. You can read more about it here: https://www.forbes.com/sites/kurtbadenhausen/2019/06/21/2019-nba-draft-salaries-for-zion-morant-barrett-and-other-first-round-picks/
Kyrie
Its possible Im just misunderstanding something simple, but if youre able to figure out how to fix combo points on the nameplates, id really appreciate it. Id even be willing to tip you some gold on your server.
I actually want the combo points ON the nameplates, like in the second screenshot here: https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/tidy-plates/screenshots I tryed your fix, but I dont want them in the middle of my screen like that.
that would be awful, wtf
100% true. when people call the Lakers dysfunctional, im like "at least we arent the Suns"
Couldve just said "Everybody"
After reading it 5 times, I think hes trying to say beta is taking too long &amp; he wants Classic released now cuz hes impatient.
how about you link the picture so we know WTF youre talking about
Woj, we need news, save us from these threads!
I dont even wanna remember that.
This should explain it (at least from Iggys view) https://deadspin.com/andre-iguodala-says-mark-jackson-is-being-blackballed-f-1835842617
I assume you mean this one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hndyTy3uiZM It actually came out last August &amp; Blizzard put it in Nazjatar. I watched it again today when I got to that quest, its awesome.
Perfect 🤣
They have &amp; they are.
Rockets and Lakers have 2 all-stars each, they arent desperate. Knicks have nothing, they are desperate.
Those are the expectations that we should always have &amp; we really dont have alot of issues. I would call this pressure, not desperation.
Media makes it sound way more dysfunctional than it really is &amp; we have 5 players cuz we cant do anything until free agency starts.
If were not gonna ban this guys tweets, ban the people posting it.
dr. rectum is full of shit
There are plenty of sponsors that will pay him 4mil to do a commercial or put his face on their brand. Its not that hard to make back.
true.
I hope they have great careers, but when were playing against each other, I hope we destroy them.
Nobody wins a ring on their own. Check the history books.
People always get mad about super teams, but damn near every championship has been won with 2-3 Hall of Fame type players on 1 team.
I actually like it
I wish that was true.
Main: 698 Days i got alot of alts too, so its gonna be alot more
Rogue, been playing since BC, summer 2007. I used to be a hardcore raider, but now I just collect and do a lil bit of everything.
Its been like this forever, its really not a big deal. were all anxious to see where everybody goes, the sooner the better. Just consider this week Free Agency week when teams start talking.
This season really changed my opinion on Raptors fans
That would be awesome, lol
Im willing to bet the bench wont be dancing like they were last season. Kyrie might get mad at them for having fun.
Belli almost threw that back to the fans, lol
Highest bidder wins
We did have a meeting Aldridge. Reports were they didnt even talk about basketball 🤦🏽‍♂️ BUT, im glad we didnt sign him.
ONCE AGAIN, if the tweet didnt just get tweeted, its already been posted! You are very late
*"If I need to convince you come here, to carry that legacy forward, then you ain't the one."* - Kobe
ya
I honestly really like the idea of Butler playing for the Heat
This was already reported yesterday. You have no sources.
Most of the league is in LA right now. Pretty much everybody does their meetings here.
Totally agree. I always liked daily quests. I like being able to grab all my quests, finish them &amp; move on with my day. WQ are always popping up throughout the day &amp; feels like your never really finished.
Most of the league is in LA right now cuz thats where most teams take meetings. Doesnt mean much.
feels like im walking thru a land mine field, BOMBS EVERYWHERE!!
no idea. i barely know whos playing this week.
Baynes sure is on alot of posters this season
Danny Green gets called for some of the softest fouls i swear
Dear Suns fans, you might want to look away 😂
Undefeated in 2020
weve had worse wins
i dont understand how you dont know he was injured. the year 2020 and people still dont know where to find information.
i agree. its possible they just missed a spot, but thats no excuse. losing a player cuz of a wet spot fuckin sucks. idk how theyre trained, but it needs to be better.
why do morons keep trying to get DLO back on the Lakers? stop, its not happening.
Stewie Goes for a Drive season 10, episode 4
pick up every quest you see &amp; find out where they take you. thats how you learn whats out there to do.
transition defense has been ass
Kuzma is a better fit. Ingram needs the ball
Reddick was pulling on LeBron at the same time. Couldve been called either way. Luckily I was watching Spectrum and they showed a better angle. This wasnt changing the outcome of the game anyways.
&gt; Reddick was pulling on LeBron **at the same time** this means im referring to the moving screen, so im not denying the foul &gt;Couldve been called either way but pick and choose how you want to read it
trade Simmons instead of Horford
killing time until next season
Unless Im doing the PvP battle, it never lags for me. It shouldnt lag for you unless there are multiple raid groups on the same shard.
I just started taking my neck off before I do this WQ. Those stupid crystals block the screen.
whatever makes you feel better.
a couple weeks ago in a AV i saw a tank wearing a caster off-hand with nothing in the main hand.
"hey guys, did you see this thing that happened an hour ago? i just got online, so im sure nobody saw it yet"
u should post it 5 more times just to be sure
&gt;Thoughts? Delete this.
Is half the Celtics sitting out or something?
&gt;Dlo for nothing wtf r u talking about. trading Dlo helped us get LeBron and gave us the pick that got us Kuzma
Thats the right call.
this isnt a last shot situation. OKC was gonna have time left. Run a play, dont dribble out the clock
If you play for the Cavs, youre going to be frusturated. I dont blame any of the players. The owner/front office is where the problem starts
i love the strategy
Still good to me. There are occasional bad episodes, but I still get plenty of laughs.
take my upvote
Were taking some bad shots
from Shams "X-rays returned negative on Lakers guard Avery Bradley’s right ankle sprain"
brb, have to put in some more All Star votes for Caruso
how do u not call that!?
Legends.
smh. Fans have no patience for young players anymore
did you just catch up on news from October??
If we got all 3 of those guys, Rob Pelinka should win Executive of the Year.
somebodys living under a rock
the league doesnt decide who gets drug tested. its a random system done by an outside source
I expected Atlanta to be better. That suspension really screwed them
These refs really against us tonight
ugh please be okay
this is the stupidest take. look at his missed games year by year (ignoring last year cuz of sitting out healthy), its not that bad at all.
Even the clocks want this game to end
"Anthony Davis's X-Rays were negative" PHEW!
to make sure we hold a big lead.
Welcome to the internet. People say crazy shit all the time &amp; it blows up. Dont let it bother you.
That fan will 100% be banned for life from all NBA games.
This dude never learns
hopefully nobody.
Pretty sure LeBron did more when he was with the Cavs
If you just want LeBron warming up from 3: https://twitter.com/NBA/status/1215821474348650496
LeBron really does look like hes sick
#HEADBAND GANG
You should do some research and you would learn they are all graded. Fining them makes no sense. Stop expecting them to be perfect
Imagine getting mad over something like this, lol
Kuzma playing the same as he always has, hes just getting more shots with AD out. Hes already around his average FGA
Headband Gang on the court
Important quotes here: &gt;"MacFarlane is said to have so-called carve-outs that allow him to continue working on all three shows for Disney's 20th TV" &gt;"Family Guy remains a top priority for MacFarlane, who brings four of the show's central characters to life. The series, per sources, will run as long as MacFarlane wants to do it. "
Get the starters out for both teams. We both got games tomorrow
Boban vs Dudley, the matchup we all tuned in for.
Ive watched Dwight Howard, Javale Mcgee &amp; Boban hit a 3 within a week. The game dun changed.
Its cuz Lakers was a national TV game. More people watching = more posts
"*shit or wind my wrist watch*" Thats a new one
Not gonna get my hopes up for a win, but I think it will be competitive.
lmao. thanks for the laugh
*insert "Throw in the damn towel" gif*
I sure hope so, lol
Aight Imma head out
This video might help you: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hqoSwWtoQU&amp;t=0s
alright, lets see what these slugs are all about
Terrible quarter, but only down 6
sloppy basketball
True. Looks like he does all the abilities he does in Heroes of the Storm from what I remember when that game came out.
whoops, well still same abilities
I was, but then Korraks Revenge came out. Leveled 20-60 questing, then spammed AV's to 120. Got all 8 done in a month. But if I never did Korraks Revenge, I probably wouldve waited until Shadowlands. Im not even sure if Im gonna do Mechagnomes and Vulpera before then.
Magni “I’ll meet ya there” Bronzebeard
How does anybody get better at anything? Practice
Year 17, hes gotta have moments like that eventually right? 😂
I really need Kuz to not fuck up these last few minutes.
Should pull a Westbrook and make the arena crew check the rims 🤣
Tr3y Daniels is unreal
where the hell was Javale going, smh
He needs to wear some shades and be smoking a cigarette in his postgame interviews, lol
i have sooo much to say about things in this picture, lol
Crown the Magic as the Champions and everybody else start rebuilding.
I mean, most of reddit is pretty dumb. Not too suprising.
i like the name lol
its all your fault
I feel like this is a future Audio Toon
It should have never been cancelled. It was a great show
https://www.reddit.com/r/familyguy/comments/emzcbb/seth_macfarlane_inks_200m_overall_deal_with/
Shaq size Post-Its
You cant use your balance for a 6 month sub. I already tryed. But you can use your balance and just get the mount for $25
LeBron dodged Shaqtin
I wouldnt bet on it.
For the new Uldum/Vale zones, as well as Najatar/Mechagon, I love TomCats Tours. Shows all the rare spawn points on the map and puts a checkmark when youve killed it for the day. https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/tomcats-tours-visions-of-nzoth
Tolliver probably like "not again"
Bron knows when hes on national TV &amp; he just had 2 days off, hes gonna have energy tonight
Only down 6 and we havent even had a good flow at all yet.
Dwight what are you doing
100% a flop
TOO STRONG 💪
he didnt even touch the ball, wtf
M-V-P
Connor McGregor won his game in 40 seconds, everybody else had to play 48 minutes
Do you remember all the years of "Warriors will win, why even watch?" cuz anything can happen
Welcome to the #LakeShow
this game is drunk
check your in-game calender
I predict... double OT
I predict... double OT
That was the play? da fuck
I cant believe Im saying this, but the Lakers trade sounds good.
Ya I just got some gold for auctions I totally forgot I posted a week ago
Id get more satisfaction out of seeing nobody show up. If you hate a team, why give so much attention to it?
Most likely server lag, on Blizzards end. Ive noticed the same thing today
Lets get it!
were really trying to throw this away
thats just how he walks
very true
look at his college videos
and it was changed to allow raid groups in todays hotfixes, so thats already outdated.
Hey, Hey, Hey, It's Fat Albert
Weve had the same announcers for YEARS. They arent going anywhere. Deal with it or mute it.
i agree it was bad communication and wasted alot of peoples time
Yup, its time to get off reddit for the night...
yoooooooo, wtf is happening! Zion "Steph Curry" Williamson
By the end of February is my guess.
this should go over well with Buddy
They arent. They get fined for that kinda stuff.
Most players would keep leveling to 120
AI is the answer.
Thanks for the laugh
Youre the first person in the world to notice this, congrats
Yes, thats how sports works.
Lets make history!
shot clock on crack
i dont think he understands how +/- works
Last game of a long road trip, guys lookin a bit slow
Im seeing some matchup problems. This might get ugly
Kuz, W-T-F
good hustle AD
Frusturating game so far.
we are just not locked in today
and? its January
nah, were gonna make a comeback
that wont count
https://twitter.com/kobebryant/status/1221276426164269056
keep fighting 💪
welp, GG. I could tell in the 1st Q the Sixers length was gonna be a problem.
Were fine. The only people that think its a problem are the people that dont think of ALL the factors that go into these losses.
Ill never understand how people let their bags get full, but you only lost a vessel. It sucks, but with the increase of Coalescing Visions from quests, youre gonna get vessels more often. GMs sound like they were instructed not to restore vessels for whatever reason. Just live and learn.
grats
wtf lmao
I cant say I read this whole post, but all of your main points are fair. There is alot of repeated material in the last few seasons. Family Guy isnt what it used to be, but Im still sticking with it. I know every episode or joke is gonna be great, but there are still some laughs in there.
There is no reason they would do that.
Love it 🤣🤣🤣
Thats funny cuz I watched this last night, saw that &amp; thought "should I post a rear facing Quagmire?" lol
Previous builds showed a way to turn on and off AoE looting. Id assume thats what it is.
Congrats, you figured out how WoW works.
Congrats, you figured out how video games work.
This is a really weird quote to pick out, lol
*BARRY!!!*
This is probably not the most common choice, but I use BankItems: https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/bank-items
Its common when the majority of the group is friends or from the same guild. They know they can control vote kicks, so they act like a-holes.
I think its still 3, but I could be wrong.
Based on those reasons, this game isnt for you anyways.
I will always prefer they create something new instead of remake something old.
https://familyguy.fandom.com/wiki/Cool_Hand_Peter https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4IRJUKWOsk
And what would stop them from posting in other sections? They want as many people as possible to see their ad
I dont believe so. I could be wrong, but I think they only have record of the last 1-2 years.
Cleveland Jr is voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson. As far as Rallo, I dont know why hes been silent. He probably just doesnt fit in without it feeling like the Cleveland Show.
The cost is to deter people from doing it often. If it was cheap, people would jumping factions/servers all the time
Sounds like a major bug.
This is all the people on twitter that announce they are sad, lol
I think the word your looking for is... idiot
Crowd: "LION!" Stan: "Im not Lyin"
Yes, you gotta kill most of it. There are some patrols that dont seem to matter, but ya this trash is the most annoying part of the raid.
All I could think about from that scene was "how TF is he not electrocuted?" lol
I dont believe thats possible.
check eBay. Ive got 1 too, but I may just keep it for myself if the price doesnt go up alot.
Looks fine to me.
They've already made adjustments since yesterday &amp; its reasonable now. It still has room for improvement but if they are showing they will listen and respond to feedback, we dont need to overreact. Real goblins will adjust no matter what they do.
100% accurate lmao
Sounds like your problem is pugging Mythic raids.
Because they are paying for 10 accounts &amp; every action is still controlled by a player, so its not breaking any rules.
Right, but its still a live person controlling it. I dont see the problem with it. I rarely see them. If somebody is willing to spend the money on a computer(s) &amp; 10 accounts, thats fine with me.
They cant reach the light.
BC raids only have 1 level of difficulty. There is no heroic.
Yup, I mentioned this the other day. I can actually remember seeing them in Wrath. Back then they were programmed to fly down to the repair guy to vendor everything &amp; fly back. Now they just have the Mammoths. Edit: Maybe it was Cata, i cant remember exactly
I remember the scene, but Im trying to remember what the episode was about to find the clip. Also, your partner is trying to kill you lol
I thought you were talking about at 120. I dont know why you would solo any instance at 59
It should get better with higher levels. You can use the Vigor talent to help.
Damn thats a good question. Ive already spent way too much time thinking about it. Ricky Spanish is Roger who is a crash test dummy who has survived being chopped up and put back together. Stelio is a human who can die (i assume). So it depends how far Roger is willing to go to "win". If Roger doesnt wanna kill him, I think Stelio would win.
A classic example of why you dont post screenshots without an explanation.
Nothing annoys me more than somebody going AFK for something they shouldve done before they started.
Mogu Palace (or w/e its called) is good too, depending on the assualt.
I avoid both of those servers. Nothing but bad experiences.
Very very unlikely.
Youre talking about harming the devs, yes that deserves action. Think about what youre saying next time.
Youre using their platform so you have to follow their rules. If you feel the need to say something like that, use twitter or something.
&gt;did something change the whole auction house changed. that should be pretty obvious.
I never change my main, thats how I decide
~~The same way it works now.~~
My bad, I misread the post. Ive seen a breakdown of the raid levels somewhere, ill see if i can find the info.
You can find the information on here: https://www.reddit.com/r/LivestreamFail/comments/hdhyd1/dozens_of_women_have_levied_sexual_assault/ I just finished reading it all. Wow!
lmao
and how is this related to WoW?
Its against this subs rules, thats why it shouldnt be posted here.
Welp, thanks for the nightmares
If only there was a way to turn off PVP... *IF ONLY!*
Mia Rose talking about Swifty [here](https://twitter.com/miarosexxx/status/1275861303748448257)
Ive literally never heard anything bad about Swifty before this, but I understand people might be different behind the scenes. That said, Swifty has worked with alot of people over the years, I think more people that know Swifty should speak up. From the little I know about Taka, shes always seemed like a sexual person that likes to drink alot. I literally remember watching a stream of a house party &amp; she got caught on camera saying "I hooked up with X". X being a name I cant remember, but Im pretty sure it was another girl streamer. Im gonna wait for more information before I jump to conclusions, but I would hate to see Swiftys career end like this. EDIT: If youre going to downvote, Id love to know why. Send me a message if you dont want it public.
From last month if youre interested: https://www.reddit.com/r/americandad/comments/gn2n2o/worst_episode/
This is incredibly disturbing. This dude needs serious help. EDIT: So I never knew who MethodJosh was, did a quick search to see &amp; came across this timestamped video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aa6yT6h1fGo&amp;t=1636s
There are lots of inconsistencies in American Dad &amp; Family Guy. While its annoying sometimes, their goal is to make a joke funny, so it doesnt bother me.
When did they say rep requirement for allied races was going away? did i miss something?
Well thats good. I have no idea how I missed that news, lol
Blizzard probably just never used it anywhere. There are always some unused items in every patch.
Im just telling you things get scrapped all the time &amp; with the way Blizzard doesnt communicate, we have no idea if its obtainable or not. I dont believe its available, but if people wanna search for it, go for it.
This is why I was calling for Blizzard to nerf the fight early. Ive seen this play out before. LFR has a steady stream of new players, alts &amp; simply bad players coming through every week. There is no progression being made here. You could come back a year from now &amp; you would wipe just as much as you do today. Ive done every LFR boss when it was current since Dragon Soul. N'Zoth has been the hardest of all of them. Blizzard has ignored making any changes. I refuse to ever do it again.
Fake account. It took me 5 seconds to check this.
I facepalm everytime I see this topic 🤦‍♂️
Dont worry, in another 6 months there will be another ban wave &amp; everybody will be like "thanks Blizzard, great job"
After seeing todays news, I wanted to say "see I told you", but I also wanna give you props for managing to get Blizzard to respond by posting this. As a collector myself, I somehow completely forgot about this item. So my bad for coming off as rude.
https://www.reddit.com/r/familyguy/comments/hggssu/told_yall/
I was thinking about this. Unless they can find somebody that sounds almost exactly the same, they might as well just get rid of him from the show, which would still suck.
I really hope he continues all his other voices.
Thanks for sharing. Cleveland has always been one of my favorite characters. I still dont think The Cleveland Show shouldve ever been cancelled, it was just as good as Family Guy to me. Ive watched the reruns like 100 times &amp; its still funny.
I actually meant to post this 2 days after Fathers Day, but forgot. Dammit! 😂
How much did you pay? Maybe contact Walmart phone/online support? Pretty sure they shouldnt have been selling Legion boxes still. I know some retail stores are really bad about removing old products
That sucks, Im not sure what else you can do.
I dont think its a big deal. Half the joke is Lois telling him its a bad idea to out like that.
Family Guy was cancelled for like 2 years &amp; Cleveland still existed on his own show, so its more like 18 years if you wanna get technical, but the character has existed for over 20 years now.
I havent seen anything from him yet.
I honestly dont think anybody wouldve said anything. Ive seen alot of black Family Guy fans on twitter that think its stupid to change the voice.
thats actually fuckin hilarious, lmao
Nobody watches Asmon for gameplay, lol
You do realize Ghostcrawler hasnt worked at Blizzard for 7 years now right?
imagine thinking youre the first person to post this
im also curious about this
As far as we know, nobody forced Mike Henry to step down. Its entirely possible that after watching everything happen in the world that he felt he shouldnt do it anymore. If anybody has some proof that he was forced to step down, Id love to see it.
Their servers can barely handle 40-50 in a ZONE. It would just be a giant lag fest
No, no we cant. Doc knows. These clowns on twitter dont know anything.
Its funny how many people are following the account. Its such an obvious troll
You have to upgrade the 2nd account first (aka buy BFA again) and then you can send gold over and buy tokens.
