Even if he was that's still a dumb reason.
Reading comments is generally a bad idea, especially on cbc articles.
I learned about condoms in the school yard at recess one day. One of my friends was telling us about how he found a used condom in his dad's desk and how disgusting it was. I was like, what's a condom? They then explained it to me. Definitely not an ideal way to learn.
No better way to make a lesson stick then to mentally burn it in until it scars them forever.
And even then, 9/11 was primarily perpetuated by Saudi nationals and funded by the Saudi government who have gone unpunished and unscathed for what they did and instead buys billions of dollars of weaponry from the US and have a US President stick up for them for murdering their own citizens overseas and continue to oppress women at home, all done mostly with a free pass from the international community. Some of the worst incidents of terrorism on US soil including the Oklahoma City bombing was carried out by domestic terrorists.
Very nice, the Men's Walk is relatively new? We didn't have that when I was there but I graduated ~12 years ago. They held a ceremony every year when I was there in front of the JHE building by the memorial where they have all the victim's names inscribed on a large rock.
Also, [Trudeau knows how to sign things properly and not have to use a Sharpie](https://www.reddit.com/r/WatchPeopleDieInside/comments/a2vs1e/exact_moment_each_world_leader_in_turn_realizes/). Naturally, Trump of course completely fucked up signing Canada's copy.
[Two wrongs make a right Lisa.](https://frinkiac.com/video/S04E22/vcALg9q60RPqqrB0YpO4t5FB6xg=.gif)
You can very visibly see the pain on Chrystia Freeland's face and Trudeau makes the perfect "I'm dying inside" face.
It absolutely did not get as much attention as it should even when I was there. I don't recall the red cloth being hung around campus, but then my memory's really shoddy. When I was there, the commemoration event was held and run by the Mac Eng society and endorsed by the school administration but it wasn't really advertised much at all outside of the Engineering department. There was a bigger push for a couple of years to highlight the commemoration more, because we had a female president for the Mac Eng society for ~3 years in a row so they all made a bigger push for it. But it was still difficult and an uphill battle since the male to female ratio in the engineering department back in my day (early 2000's) was something like 10 to 1 (I was in Civil which had an even worse ratio of ~40 to 1... my class had 120+ people and only 3 women).
My 5 year old knows more than the current POTUS.
The fuck?
Some of the lyrics, at the very least, are quite questionable. Say what's in this drink? I wish I knew how to break this spell, I ought to say no no no sir (followed by mind if I move in closer) etc., sounds a little date-rapey. I think it's fine to reexamine these sorta things and see if they're still appropriate or relevant to modern times. Even if the song/lyrics was not written with anything inappropriate in mind, the fact remains that plenty of phrases and words have different meaning today then in the 40's or what not.
&gt;The only interpretation I can see Yeah but that's just *your* interpretation, I'm not saying it's wrong but the other interpretations that it's a bit date-rapey also have their merits. It's not clear-cut, that's the issue. &gt;Surely Frank Loesser didn't write the song with the intention of having it be about a drugged date rape Sure, but that's irrelevant to the discussion. It doesn't matter what his intent or meaning was, it's how people today interprets it that matters.
Its not taken out of context though, if you take it in context with the following line about her asking how to break his "spell" on him, right after questioning what's in her drink, it can be taken as an implication that he spiked her drink without her knowledge or consent. Then she said she should be saying no to him, but doesn't sound like she can, further implying that she's not entirely of sound mind, possibly under the influence of whatever he had given her to drink. Under that context, which is entirely reasonable given the lyrics, it sounds **very** date-rapey.
&gt;Kinda ruins the song, even if that wasn't his intended meaning. Yeah, as I said, I don't doubt that there was no intent for it be date-rapey or have any date-rape context when the song was written in the 40's. I don't even know if spiking drinks with date-rape drugs was even a thing back then, but it was written 74 years ago and the meaning behind words and phrases and even the context we take them does change over time.
Thanks for the photos, it's been about a decade since I last visited the campus. Good old JHE, so many memories. Looks like the cinderblock innukshuk my class built by the entrance for our Kipling prank is gone. Also, is the big old clock by the front entrance gone? I don't see it in your picture.
2016 was best for me as well, I bought 5 Captain's crates (medium) at $4.01 CAD each so total of $20.05. I got flags, Kutuzov, Arizona, Texas, Camos in that exact order. At that time, that added up to over $130 CAD in premium ships alone. Was sweet. Got 5 medium crates in 2017 and got zilch.
&gt;I would purchase crates again, if WG ever put in some sort of RNG protection for you. I think R6 Siege has something like this for their cosmetic packs, it shows you the probability of the pack containing an epic item before you even open it, and for each time you open a pack and it's not an epic, the probability goes up and up and up until you get an epic and then the probability resets to a base value.
&gt; I am convinced the reason why his caucus supports him is because they'll be able to do all this damage and Ford will be the fall guy at the end. They support him because they tried and failed miserably to unseat the Liberals in the last several elections where they were supposed to be shoo-ins to win a majority. Tory did well against McGuinty initially but McGuinty buried him about publicly funding religious schools. Tim Hudak went into two elections with very clear leads but somehow still completely managed to blow it. 2014 was very telling because the Liberals were already really unpopular then, and them even winning a minority was considered a long-shot and it was Hudak's election to lose but lose he did and somehow managed to give Wynne a majority that no one expected. The PCs were so desperate that they decided they'll resort to anything to gain back power and selling their souls to Ford was it.
A lot of good points here, I think one of the critical points is noting that the CCers all got 20 of each boxes for free for a total of 60. This was something I did not know until I read LWM's article this morning who noted this. I had assumed that the CCers got free boxes from WG, that seems logical given that they all released vids of them opening roughly the same number of boxes but you are correct, it doesn't seem like any of them actually disclosed the fact that the boxes were given for free. I agree though, the fact that they got the boxes from WG for free does make these vids sponsored vids and this is something that should be disclosed to their viewers. Not doing so will always bring up the specter of conflicts of interest.
No idea how people still don't know this about Asashio's torps. First day the ship was released, managed to catch one up close with my Gearing and gunned it down quickly. Asashio player held his gun fire entire time to try to torp me at close range. I sailed right through three of his torps going under my Gearing. Player lost their shit in chat and flipped out accusing me of hacking hahaha.
Yeah but there are several types of conservatives and you don't sound like the religious or social kind.
Plus the fact that Harper double-downed on oilsands.
&gt;If it takes shit like that for people to change their opinions on vaccines, what will it take for people to change their opinions on climate change! A good solid round of global catastrophes involving a good number of deaths in the first world industrialized countries. Let's face it, people don't care about anything unless they feel the direct impact. I always use the analogy of the issue we had in Ontario in the 90's with the rash of tires flying off trucks on the highway and killing people. In response to this problem, the government invested in and build a whole slew of truck-inspection stations and tightened up on truck inspections... and the result was that this problem disappeared. Fast forward 15 years or so and we had people, including elected officials, questioning the point of all these inspection station because "they don't do anything" since there's no problem with truck safety on in the province and that these stations were just a waste of money and should be closed... so they started shutting them down and guess what? Tires started flying off trucks again shortly thereafter.
&gt; I think there must have been a deeper reason than religion and social politics. Sure, but religion and social politics do play a large role. I should mention cultural differences as well. I'm Chinese, and the Chinese community in general frowns and looks down on Cannabis as being dangerous. It's just a cultural thing. Which is ironic considering how much bullshit Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) is but I digress.
&gt; Curious: Which form of the word "narcotic" is being used as justification for this particular bit of hypocrisy? Again, the justification that alcohol is okay is that Jesus turned water into wine. Keep in mind that alcohol abuse is looked down upon, but the substance itself isn't generally viewed as bad or evil like Cannabis. Note that I'm not saying this makes any sense, but that's the main justification I've heard or have been given as a Christian by other Christians all my life.
I feel like that is generally the case these days.
I don't get it either.
Right before Christmas, that is really shitty :(
20 of each box comes out to a total of $176.37 CAD, that is not chump change. I think every CCer who is an official member of the WoWS CC program got 20 of each boxes for free.
I have worked for McDonalds and you don't get to negotiation your wage if you're one of their minimum-wage grunts/slaves.
I mean, I don't know why anyone wouldn't have expected this. We in Ontario already had a sample of this when Rob ran Toronto and Doug was a councilor. Why anyone thought Doug would be different when given *more* power just boggles my mind.
The workers were told by management that they had a buyer lined up to take over, but then it fell through at the last minute and then they just told everyone the next day that they were out of a job and that they're not likely to get any of pay they were owed.
&gt;but traditionally the immigrant community has been part of the Tory base in Canada Among Asian immigrants for sure, who also happily demonize middle-eastern (Muslim) immigrants.
I knew someone who said they spent over $400 USD on Christmas crates in 2016 (the first time it happened) because they were determined to get Nikolai and Gremy... they did end up getting both ships but I think they regretted the $$ they sunk into it... don't think they even play WoWS anymore.
You know they have three models of which only one has the falcon wing doors right? And if you think they're overpriced then you have no idea the level of technology that goes into their vehicles or how their upcoming equivalent competitors with similar features and battery range are all in the same price range.
Yeah and if a brown person commits a violent act, its terrorism. If it's a white person, it is at worst, a regrettable case of mental illness.
Eh, my wife is much cleaner then I am. I also worked at a McDonald's in my teens, and had washroom cleaning duty a few times, the men's washroom was also disgusting with piss and paper towels everywhere while the women's washroom was always immaculate.
You get verbal warnings? Mine either scream in my ears or they body slam me.
I don't feel like shit though, food comas knock me out, I powernap for like 15 minutes and wake up feeling great and refreshed.
Well, I live in Canada so...
&gt;We need the Lebanese people to join their gun club, catch the hockey game at the trashy sports bar, etc. This sounds an awful lot like assimilation and a melting pot methodology. I agree, it's dumb that these ignoramuses need to be catered to like this, and I'm not sure they should be.
&gt;I'd give good money to see a ground penetrating radar scan of his backyard, too. Aha, I do a lot of GPR work... I'll be up for that.
In my example I was the one on cleaning duty and I usually had to put less effort into the women's washroom. It's anecdotal evidence of course and not a universal truth by any stretch.
But that's a little problematic in the sense that it places the onus on the marginalized people to convince the people being assholes to them to stop being such an asshole.
Do we know that it actually works though?
Sale runs till 12/11 4 am EST so basically through tonight until 4 am EST in the morning.
It's an actual sale on the Legion T730 Gaming Tower.
Same, been a Christian my entire life, my faith is still strong but I've long since realized that many churches (organized religion) have become cancerous.
It gets repetitive, it's fun for I think about 15 or 16 hours or so then I got bored of it and never went back again. Once you get the right equipment/weapons and upgraded perks, everything turns into washing the laundry... you just utilize the same procedure and tactics every time to clear an area. Again, it's neat and fun for awhile but gets old. I had more fun with Far Cry 5 if you're looking for an open-world shooter.
I thought Rise of the Tomb Raider had a fairly reasonable balance, while the tombs look really great and have a nice layout and so forth, my only complaint is that they're all very linear with only a single path and/or solution to all of them. Again, the experience itself is fine but if you're doing tomb after tomb after tomb it gets a bit tedious and mundane.
Yeah finally!
Ford's done more damage to Ontario in 6 months then the Liberals managed to do in 15 years. Ontario voters fucked themselves for two elections in a row, giving the Liberals a majority in 2014 was a huge mistake and akin to shooting themselves in one foot. Giving the Doug Ford PCs a majority in 2018 was akin to us blowing our own brains out.
The T16000M HOTAS is excellent for ED and probably the best HOTAS one can buy for that money. It's cheaper than an X-52 and built a lot better, and well-supported in ED. Pair it in VR and you probably have one of the best immersive VR experience you can get. It makes ED a lot more of an interesting experience. One of my favourite ones I liked to do was put on a play list or podcast while I do my space-trucking.
Static shows flight times too, the flight time is tied to the alternative UI I think, not to the cross hair.
I've always used static, tried dynamic for a bit when it came out but didn't really care for it. As with you, I've never done the math, I shoot by feel and by looking at the flight times.
Doesn't seem *that* effective? The latest vids I've seen, the rockets seem to do less than 2K dmg per run on DDs on average, sometimes more but also sometimes a lot less depending on RNG.
How horrible of a person must you be to make me actively *cheer for* Bell Media?
They really don't. I got flamed six ways to Sunday the first time I stepped foot in that sub and participated in a thread that didn't outright trash every single thing Trudeau did on his India trip. Then I made a point about how some of the things Patrick Brown did was a bit shady and questionable and was promptly shadow banned. They're only normal if you're crazy.
It's an anachronistic term but it probably won't die out anytime soon if ever. Along the same lines as "horsepower", or using the floppy disk as the save icon, cc = "carbon copy" etc.
1.5% of respondents.
Probably nothing official, also likely word play in effect here. He may not have specifically asked for a customized van but inquired about a used one that he could probably customize. I'm more surprised his lackies didn't start clapping in unison when the reporter started down that line of questioning.
Sweet
&gt;how is a k-6 trans tho. they're children If you read testimonies made by trans folks, more then a fair share of them have attested that they've never felt "quite right" about their gender even at a very young and early age, well before 18 and sometimes before they're even teens, but had no idea what it was or how to express it or put words to it.
I think it would help. I would imagine teaching little kids about their own genitalia would be helpful in this regard. There are plenty of cases where kids don't report they're being molested or sexually abused because they have no idea that an adult touching their vagina/penis isn't okay.
I mean, humanity causing it's own extinction doesn't really speak very highly of ourselves.
I know, while I'm a pretty jaded person I'd had hoped to be proven wrong that we would do better but it looks like we're no better then those Kryptonians after all.
I worked fairly hard in university, my grades were shit. I ended up figuring out how to meet all the requirements for passing and managed to just eek it out (SURF THE CURVE).
School bus drivers, they have a lot of responsibilities running routes and being on time for also delivering our children safety to school and bringing them home every day. Their pay is also shit since they basically get paid only when they're driving which is maybe like 3 hours a day or something so it's a part time job but since you HAVE to work every day at a set time in the morning before school and in the early afternoon after school it really makes it difficult or impossible to hold a second job in between.
It could use a dispersion buff, it's current dispersion is gnarly. Either that or do something about it's AP pen because 90% of the time it's AP either doesn't pen or it overpens.
Yep, a lot of these are real estate and/or residential developers, and contractors or supplies companies with a vested interest in construction industry. This is right in line with Doug Ford's behind the door promises to open up the green belt for more housing development. Sure, he was forced to walk back on it when it got out due to public pressure during the election but I wouldn't be surprised if he does go ahead and do this not too far down the road because no one can stop him and he clearly gives no shits for campaign promises.
That's a lovely photo, back in the day when you could actually *see* the falls. Way too much development there these days.
People get the whole "free speech" thing confused. Free speech means you have a right to say what you want or express your opinions. But it doesn't mean people can't call you an idiot, racist or bigot for expressing said opinion.
&gt;It cannot use its range reliably, yet at the same time has no CQ gimmick (Reload Booster) and cannot penetrate normally (vs. overpenetrate) at close range Most maddening aspect about this ship, wonky dispersion means you have to get into moderate to close range to consistently lands but when you do land them it's all overpens. The last game I ever played with Dunkerque, at one point an enemy Furutaka gave me full broadside at under 10 km for four full salvos from me. I landed something like 20 shells, of which 19 were overpens and one was a regular pen... she's been a port queen ever since.
T-61?
I'm at 77 hours with 2 more dungeons to go on the main story line. I skipped a lot of sidequests though and am not thoroughly exploring every last inch of the world map. There's also a lot of stuff you can do after the main story is over.
PEBCAK (Problem Exists Between Chair And Keyboard, official IT terminology)
They also promised that people who purchased the ship initially and did not opt for a refund would be allowed to take part in the process of "re-tweaking" the ship. Which, to no one's surprise, resulted in an absurdly overpowered and poorly balanced because WG shot themselves in the foot by promising they would balance the ship to cater to a bunch of whales.
The Mario Party bundle is a Boxing Day specialty, like the Mario Kart bundle that was introduced for Black Friday only. Also, I've heard the seniors discount doesn't work on the Switch. Plus, from what I've read, only very few Shoppers actually got this bundle in, like the Mario Kart bundle during BF of which it was very rare for any stores to have gotten any stock at all.
The bundle is a BD special. Mario Kart bundle was the BF special.
IL-2 Great Battles series, X-Plane 11 etc.
They massively overbuffed it, I need to trade in my useless Khaba for a Groz.
I have the T16000M HOTAS set up, have used it a ton for Elite Dangerous, and also IL-2 Battle of Stalingrad, both in VR. I've tried it with the DCS and it works well (although that's too hard core for me), and have tried it with XP11 demo. It works well for all these applications. Also, one nice thing about the T16000M and HOTAS is that the stick does twist, and the throttle itself has paddles, so both of these can function as rudders you don't need to buy a separate feet paddle but it does have its own set if you want to expand later on. As mentioned, if you plan on flying pure GA then go with the yoke. If you want the option to play a lot of different sims then go with the T16000M and HOTAS, it's very good for the price and has lots of buttons and fits the bit for numerous games/sims. I wouldn't bother with the HOTAS X unless you're really on a tight budget, it's nowhere near as nice as the T16000M and it feels very cheap by comparison.
Same, bought the same drive at the CC BD deal. Oh well.
I suppose that makes sense, so the default 737 allows saving then? The Zibo is really excellent though, I'll probably use the sleep/hibernate option, and then when I graduate to longer flights I guess I'll have to resort to flying the default planes only then.
The power jump from T8 to T10 for CVs is pretty immense again, from the vids I've watched, the rockets are very hit or miss up to T8, they work better in T10 just because they have so many more plans in a squadron and just launch a lot more in a single run thereby guaranteeing more hits and damage. I thought one of the goals of the CV rework was to smooth out that huge power jump T10 CVs have right now... guess not.
At least there was T9 as an intermediate step between 8 and 10, the jump from 9 to 10 is smaller than 8 to 10. By eliminating the odd-numbered tiers, you're either underpowered at T8 or you're overpowered at 10. Again, one of the objectives for the rework was to smooth out that transition to 10... but they ended up making it worst.
There's a difference between palpable and a large or massive jump. The difference between 9 and 10 was already not insignificant, and again, one of the objectives of the rework was to smooth out the transition to 10, instead of it being more akin to a large or massive step. By getting rid of T9 CVs, and going straight from 8 to 10, they made that transition an even larger step. So in that regard, they've failed that aspect of the rework entirely.
If by dozens you mean approximately [125 million PS4 and XBox One consoles sold](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_best-selling_game_consoles) then yes. That ain't a number to be ignored.
Yea, Rob didn't attend anything associated with gay pride so no surprise really.
That's just the flag-raising ceremony right? He probably had to drink and smoke a lot of stuff in his office beforehand just to be able to make it through it.
You, as a private-citizen, does not. But a publicly elected official who is elected to the highest office within a province, have an obligation to fulfill their duty whether they like it or not.
Yeah but that's the same as the tobacco industry association claiming that smoking doesn't cause cancer.
&gt;Why does he even need to provide a reason for not attending an event, I'm sure he receives invitations to other events all over the province. Because optics, if he doesn't provide an excuse then people can say he's not attending because he's anti-LGTBQ or homophobic or whatever, which may very well be the reason why he isn't going to be involved (like his brother Rob). But with this excuse, he can't be accused of that, plus it makes it look like he's supporting the cops. Two birds, one stone. Also, all that stuff about whether cops in uniform should be part of the parade or not is besides the point. If he's really not attending for that reason then he's kinda politicizing the situation/event which he shouldn't do. Plus if he'd really cared, then he should be using his influence as premier to talk to the pride and BLM organizers, and the police about including police participation again. If it was anyone else, I'd probably give them the benefit of the doubt. But Doug Ford's definitively proven that he's a piece of shit and zero slack should be accorded to him.
Yep, Doug Ford never lies or bullshits! /s
The new episodes are the suckiest bunch of sucks that ever sucked.
It's a form of keeping score. Trying to keep score in a relationship will inevitably help ruin it. Don't keep score.
Doesn't work in NA store (US and Canada).
&gt; Having both parents take time off doesn't make sense to me. I think in an ideal situation, both parents would have the option to take time off. I have two kids, and for both their births, I took time off work but I had to use up my own vacation time. Both times I planned to take two weeks off, first kid that didn't happen because my clients didn't care I just had a baby and deadlines were not movable.
&gt;But people that do that are never quite the same and I want to move up in the world. Which is a shame that taking time off to care for you kids/family will usually have a negative impact on your career advancement. I know a lot of people in your position, with a family but also want to keep moving up in their careers so they end up sacrificing their families, which is really counter-intuitive and kind of sad. Their intention usually is good, they want to be more successful at work so they have more money for their family but end up neglecting their family in order to make said money.
Didn't mean to say you did but I worded it poorly, but your case is the exception and not the rule. It's pretty rare for someone to be in a position where they can balance both aspects, for the vast majority of folks, one side always have to give. &gt;Kids are bad for careers, the fact that this shocks people blows my mind. I don't think people are surprised, I'm not, but doesn't change the fact that it's kinda sad that is the case.
That got dark.
IIRC, in school, Canada's roles in the two world wars were mostly glossed over other then a few important engagements such as Vimy Ridge (because it was the first time an entire Canadian army fought as a single cohesive unit) and Ypres (Canadians standing their ground against a Chlorine gas attack). The two world wars weren't even covered in elementary school and I took every history course offered in high school and they did include WWII but it was more about the US and Allied war effort as a whole and didn't dive much into Canada's involvement. The War of 1812 was given more coverage for sure, and even then it was mostly the social aspects and so forth. Generally, I noticed that the education curriculum here (in Ontario at least) is very shy towards glorifying or even teaching in detail about the combat aspects of the various wars Canada has been involved in. I'm mixed if that's a good thing or not, I think history's important but I also see the other side of the argument. My wife's a teacher and she also teaches history as one of her subjects and from what she's told me, it seems like they still don't cover this stuff much and gloss over it pretty quickly.
Vimy Ridge and Ypres are the big two, then Somme and Passchendaele to a lesser extent.
Juno Beach and Vimy Ridge are on my bucket list of places to visit in my lifetime.
&gt;could cost **taxpayers** $1B Like Doug gives a shit.
&gt;The Khabarvosk is objectively the best DD in game presently due to its heal, gun count and ability to disengage at will. Not really, Khab's a mixed bag at most. It's gunboat play style works better in the current CV-rework meta, but at the same time, gets absolutely shat on by CVs due to it's size and poor rudder/speed and turning radius. It's high speed is largely irrelevant these days as people have learned to adapt to it, it's large size and poor turning makes it very easy to hit. And if you run into an Audacious you're pretty much boned because those rocket planes will annihilate an Khab with ease. Also, "disengage at will" is patently false these days. It's gun range got nerfed pretty hard so for the most part still has to stay within 12-13 km to engage targets, she's pretty easy to hit at those ranges especially by BBs and cruisers with flatter arc shells, and again CVs will shit on you. And if you're running heal, you don't have smoke which is still the number one tool for disengagement. Plus, Khab is exempt from the BB overpen rule and still eat regular pens from BB shells. In the current meta, Grozovoi is the far superior T10 Russian DD especially in terms of utility as it actually has effective AA, can heal and smoke, decent torps and can also gunboat. I have both ships, Khab can still be good in random but only if there's a relatively large number of DDs on both sides. She's a waste of time in competitive (ranked/CB) though.
I had an interesting conversation with my wife recently as she is an elementary school teacher (we're in the Toronto area). She noted that the topic of the last provincial election came up for discussion recently... as a rule she's not allowed to offer any bias or even her own political opinions to her students so she basically said "Look, the only thing I can say is, you should vote when you're old enough to and make sure you're involved and informed and take part in the democratic process" and that was it. However she said her students kept talking about the election so she let them run with it (making sure it reminded civil and appropriate but offered no other inputs) and discuss among themselves. She said some students were a lot more informed then others but most of them found it interesting and she noted that a few of the kids were very well informed about the political situation within the province and the country in general. The funniest thing she said was that at the end of the discussion her class had concluded that they don't understand how someone like Ford could've won the election and then noted to her (with all due respect) that the adults are pretty stupid to have voted him into office. So there's some hope for the next generation after all.
Gotta protect our frogs, stop making them gay etc etc.
&gt;You had a perfectly viable (if somewhat boring) NDP party more than capable of being a placeholder. Instead, you shit the bed with another Ford. Something something Rae Days. But in all seriously, yes we fucked up, no excuses. I didn't vote for him but I still share some blame. Also, to be nitpicky but June 7 to October 28 is 143 days, that's 40% of the year and more then 1/3rd.
Full salary and benefits to spend 5 months spreading lies and bullshit. What's the difference between politicians and criminal scammers?
Gotta recoup all that money somehow.
We're both technically correct which is the best kind of correct.
Commander Hadfield is a Canadian hero and one of the very very very rare few human beings I actually look up to with reverence and infinite respect. With that said, I'm not sure I want him to run for office, mainly because it'll mean the Conservatives and the other lowest forms of life within the political sphere will do anything to drag his name through the mud and my blood has been boiled way too much already in recent years. He would be too good for us and we are undeserving.
My neighbour's cats are more qualified than Ford. The monkey TSN used to make NHL playoff picks are more qualified than Ford. The octopus that made the World Cup picks is like 50 times more qualified than Ford.
I started singing "There are nooooooo moose in P-E-I" to the tune of "There are no cats in America" in my head.
Inquisition was good and I enjoyed it but the gameplay felt more grindy then Origins. Inquisition was more action-oriented so that caters to a different taste, Origins worked good as an action-RPG but was a much better tactical-RPG. But Origins gets the edge in my books for its far better story/plot and characters... Inquisition's plot was very very thin and cliched and it's characters were generally less interesting to me.
&gt;That's literally all Microsoft has to do to become the next biggest flight sim, they already have the visuals and probably the performance Optimization is all I'm asking for, I run XP11 with a 6700K, 32GB of memory and a water cooled GTX 1070 and I'm barely breaking 20 fps in most of the good quality airports which is kinda crazy. I just want to get proper multi-core CPU support and I think it'll make a huge difference because CPU bottlenecking is what's killing it for me. Edit: Also, I've love to be able to save a flight in mid-flight then resume it later on, as someone who works full time with a family with young kids, it's almost impossible for me to get more then an hour or two of gaming time in at once, so pulling off those long-haul flights where I need to be on my computer for 4 to 6 hours straight is never gonna happen for me.
Same with XP11, you can buy addons as payable DLCs with the Steam version of XP11.
Yep, gonna buy it on GoG for sure to support the devs. Started using GoG Galaxy recently and it's got all the features/functions from Steam I want or need including cloud saves, trophies and time played. I don't need the social aspect of Steam so Galaxy's just as good.
It's still optional, you may have to install through GoG Galaxy but you can run the games without going through Galaxy.
I'm mostly at medium settings with one or two things on high, it's not even set that high. Graphics for the most part look okay to good, but nothing like the screenshots we see posted here. Again, the issue isn't the GPU, it's the CPU that's the bottleneck.
PS4 Spider-Man has awesome looking character models for everyone.
&gt; That and the one hour ER wait time smell of lies. Depends on how urgent your medical situation/condition is. If you broke a bone, or complaining about some minor pain, you'll probably sit for a couple of hours before you see a doctor (I've experienced this). But if you're bleeding all over or are in so much pain that you can't move or stand and are about to faint from the pain (I have also experienced both of these scenarios) then you'll be on a bed with nurses and a doctor working on you before you know it.
I've never had a hospital validate my parking, always had to pay out of pocket for those... the atrocity!!!! /s
&gt; why not try to sell me on what the Conservatives are going to do to help the beleaguered working class of Canada? Because they have absolutely nothing to offer to the beleaguered working class of Canada or anywhere else. The Conservatives, since Harper's days of leading them, has fully adopted and embraced the strategy of appealing to voters to "don't vote for my opponents" instead of the traditional strategy of "hey vote for me because it'll benefit the majority!" This method is good for them because it means they don't have to formulate any real policy. All they do is attack, attack and attack some more. It's easy and it's lazy, and the sad thing is, it works. Harper proved that it worked, Doug Ford and Kenny just proved it works in Ontario and Alberta and Scheer is going all-in on this strategy and if you look at the polling numbers, it's working.
The climate-change deniers will call this a waste of money and is probably fake anyways because they likely flat-earthers too.
Yeah, I'm from a religious background and the moral issues behind it makes it a bit difficult to just outright support legalizing prostitution but at the end of the day, if it helps protect people and cuts down on human trafficking then I'm all for it because those matter more.
&gt;It is becoming increasingly clear that Conservatives simply do not care about Canadians and are only in government to help funnel money up to their rich friends, sponsors, and benefactors. I mean, Doug Ford blamed the presence of autistic children for lowering property values in a neighbourhood and complained how that was ruining the lives of the home owners there.
Blizz is being real stingy with this sale. The Battle Chest is only discounted by 34% and is the exact same price as buying the base game and RoS separately. The Eternal Collection is only off 25%... save a whopping 18 cents (CAD) over buying everything separately. C'mon Blizz, don't be so flipping cheap. D3 was released 7 years ago, and RoS was 5 years ago. Eternal Collection should've been 50% off. Talk about trying to milk their small line of aging games. Easy pass still.
They're going for new limbo records with how low they can go.
Well, we can all see what he's gonna try to do right? Change the rules, regulations, policies, laws etc. to help put more people in jail faster, then next step is privatize the provincial jails and hand out those sweet sweet prison-management contracts to his business buddies and cronies. The Canadian Cons at this point is just copying straight outta the American play book.
He'll just turn over management of the provincially-run prisons over to his business buddies and cronies.
The battle chest/eternal collection bundles are not 50% off. Also, D3 and RoS are both 7 and 5 years old respectively, that makes them very old in terms of software age. These are important context points that shouldn't be left out of this kind of discussion. And if you wanna talk about "generous", how about CDPR? Witcher 3 Game of the Year Edition with the base game and all DLCs including two amazing expansions is currently on sale for $21 CAD and that game's only 4 years old. Meanwhile D3 with its two add-ons is only discounted down to $37.49. Yes, Blizzard's being real "generous".
Who could've seen this coming?
So, she's one of these [very special people from these informercials](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQAmvU6n_nc)?
Remember, according to them, progressives are "the intolerant left" yet somehow they are the ones who consistently make death threats.
Let's not rag too much on Alberta alone because we here in Ontario voted in Doug Ford too.
Paid $6.69 CAD on Steam for this a week ago. But I haven't even installed it. GMG has it for $4.00 CAD. I'm actually thinking about refunding it on Steam and getting it on GMG instead to save that dank $2.69 (which in all fairness means it's 40% off the Steam price lol). Edit: Yeah I'm gonna do that, why not.
I play in VR, I was so excited the first time I hired crew so that my cockpit wouldn't feel so lonely and empty anymore... I turned around and much to my disappointment... nada. Fired said crew at the next station. I don't even need them to do anything or be interactive or move or what not, just make the ships feel less empty. The lack of a 3D model for hired crew is just plain lazy.
Haha, I don't know my own medical history but I sure do know my children's. Mainly that's because I don't care about myself but I do my kids.
That's apples to oranges though, your children are not just anyone.
I didn't rag on the guy in the vid for not knowing the names of his kid's teachers... but kinda bad when he doesn't know even one. The birthdays is kinda inexcusable. But I was responding to the poster's assertion that it's common for dads not to know these things unless they're stay at home dads, which I would disagree with. &gt;And a teachers name isn’t very relevant 99.9% of the time? So it’s the sort of information you may learn and forget in an hours time. It's very relevant, your kid's teachers will probably have some of the most influence and impact on your kids lives, probably only second to the parents. It's in the parent's best interest to know the people who are looking after and teaching their children on a daily basis. The least you can do is learn their names.
I think basic medical history (things like regular prescriptions, allergies, any chronic medical conditions) are reasonable to expect a parent to remember but not necessarily every little nitty gritty to every time they were sick or didn't feel well of if they've ever had this one obscure uncommon medical one time or not.
I don't remember most of my family's or relatives birthdays but the reason I remember my children's so vividly was because I was there during the entire labour process and the moment they popped out of their mom so that sorta thing gets burned into your brain forever. I know the exact time down to the minute and their birth weight.
Sorry to hear but that's kind of surprising... I know Hamilton is very blue-collar but it's also fairly pro-NDP and considered one of their few strong-holds in southern Ontario. I spent 5 years there at Mac and felt like it was mostly fine but then I generally stayed near the school where it was mostly students so maybe I had a more filtered experience.
Up by Ancaster, the downtown area or Stoney Creek? I didn't spend much time downtown or in Ancaster and never went to Stoney Creek, no reason to.
You're right about that, I know there was a gun shop in downtown Hamilton that was known for having a sign basically stating that the holocaust happened because the Jews didn't have guns... not sure if the sign or shop is still there but it was weeeeeird.
That's a good and fair point. Hamilton is a huge union town.
I don't remember, I think it was painted on the side of a building but like at ground level or just a bit higher so it wasn't hugely visible from a distance. Last time I saw it was 12 to 13 years ago so I have no idea if it's there anymore.
I think most people who work in the core didn't go to work to either avoid this or actually take part in the parade.
What a waste of time, this is gonna fail.
Good on the church. And that, is not something that can often be said anymore these days.
Doug Ford gets booed when introduced. I am okay with this.
And a lot of people who voted for him a year ago have come to regret it.
That's exactly what Scheer is banking on in October, not so much to be elected in as Prime Minister but get Trudeau voted out so he gets in by default.
I've stated it here before, my wife teaches senior elementary grade in Ontario (12-13 year olds just before high school) and she told me her students are often better informed and are able to hold intelligent discussion on politics and political issues better then most adults she knows. So I say, why not consider letting 14 year old votes? The concept that a switch will suddenly flip in your brain when you hit 18 years of age that lets you make rational and informed decisions has been proven false far far far more often then not.
&gt; If the argument is competence and/or coercion to vote a certain way If we look at the political landscape and what the electorate's been doing in this country for the last two decades or so, then we can see that age is absolutely not an indicator or measure of competence or even the ability to discern truth from fiction.
Sure but the police hasn't presented anything that proves it did happen. Plus, the way the justice system is supposed to work is that the accused is innocent until proven guilty. Therefore, it is the onus of law enforcement to prove beyond reasonable doubt that Masai is guilty, and not on Masai to prove he is innocent.
Oh right
Remember, Doug complained that the presence of a support center for autistic children was devaluing property values in a residential neighbourhood a few years ago before he was premier. This shit shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone.
Ah yes, the "if you think what I did was bad you should've seen what I could've done" method of leading, very similar to the "the beatings will continue until moral improves" method of improving moral.
Yet somehow Scheer's still in the lead for being our next PM. As bad of a problem as these people are, I'm thinking the electorate is just as big of an issue.
At this point, I don't think it's incompetence, it's malicious.
&gt; Also, instead of the government collecting the tax, it just tells firms how to spend the tax. Somehow that’s different than a tax. Anything that relies on companies to operate on the "honor system" is bound to fail.
Good to see Hongkongers really stick up for their rights, an estimated 2 million people plus marched in the protests there on June 14, and over a million did the week before that, in addition to smaller marches/protests in between and beforehand. One guy even threw himself off a building and died in protestation. Those numbers are very impressive especially when you consider Hong Kong's population is ~7.5 million. I really wish Canadians would follow their example and mobilize for our democracy in the same way.
There were legitimate issues with Wynne and as Ontario resident, I can fully understand why people were upset and mad at her and the Ontario Liberals. The fact is, the Libs here overstayed their welcome, they were cocky and arrogant. I think the fact that they won a majority in the 2014 election was a huge detriment to them as a party and to us as a province and basically set up Doug Ford's win in 2018. With that said, Doug Ford has done more damage to this province in a year then the Liberals ever managed to do in 10.
I listed my personal reasons in another post replying to someone else. But there was also a lot of blow back against Dalton McGuinty as well. Dalton did a lot of shady shit and when things started coming to light he kinda resigned and ran away and hid so people directed their anger at Dalton at Wynne instead. P.S. Dalton's shady shit included gas plant cancellation scandal, deletion of government emails which is illegal, eHealth scandal etc. etc.
Already did in my other replies.
The problem was that the 2014 election was already a gong-show, that election was basically the equivalent to the Treaty of Versailles which helped laid the foundation of World War II... and laid the foundation for what happened in the 2018 election. Tim Hudak was a dumpster fire, and Horwath burned her party by voting against the budget and forcing an early election which all polls suggested the vast majority of Ontarians *did not want*. Plus she voted against a budget that was considered very very NDP-friendly although I have admit Wynne played that political chess game masterfully.
It doesn't at all, but people were angry and the Cons were really good at harvesting that anger.
&gt;Teachers get July and August off, unpaid Not all of August either typically, because they're usually back in school between 1 to 2 weeks before school starts to get ready for the year, depending on grade etc.
Yep, PD stands for "Personal Development", so they're still at school working, either catching up on marking, paperwork, report cards, prepping or they're attending workshops at school for training and development.
Are you high?
Right professional development, bit of a brain-fart there. &gt;It is not a time for marking, reporting or prepping either. Pro-D is for teacher learning. I think that's the ideal, I'm not sure exactly how it works, I just know my wife also uses the PD days to catch up on work because she doesn't have sufficient prep time or enough hours in the week to do so, she already works most weekends. She never told me it was frowned upon but said most of her colleagues do the same, because again, they have way too much work and not nearly enough time, plus she said some PD days there are no workshops or conferences going on and are pretty much put in as days for teachers to get caught up on their paperwork. Maybe each board works differently.
Canadians are not passionate enough about politics, they're mostly just tired and "meh" on it at this point. I also think Canadians are too comfortably draped in this false blanket of security thinking that Trump-style politics and racism/sexism/xenophobia won't take root in Canada because we're *Canadians* after all and we're all nice and multicultural. Canadians need to realize that no, there's a huge group/faction of people in this country that's extremely xenophobic, racist and sexist, and it's not the immigrants but the whites and we need to combat this instead of pretending they don't exist.
This is uncalled for, not everyone knows off hand where Queen's Park is or even what it is especially if you don't reside in Toronto.
Based on OPC's reaction, it seems like Ford and his cronies were geninuely surprised and shocked that he was so heartily booed at the Raptor's parade.
&gt;So those that had no intention of turning themselves over are still illegal? That works. Not exactly no. &gt;**There are no offences described in the Criminal Code which would directly apply to a foreign national making an irregular entry into Canada.** It is true there are offences relating to the use of a false document or a false identity... &gt;Under IRPA 18(1), every person seeking to enter Canada must appear for an examination to determine whether he or she has a right to enter Canada. Therefore, crossing the border at a location other than at a port of entry is technically a contravention of IRPA. **However, IRPA 133 must also be considered.** &gt;According to IRPA 133, a person who has claimed refugee protection, and who came to Canada directly or indirectly from the country in respect of which the claim is made, may not be charged with an offence under IRPA or the Criminal Code relating to their entry to Canada, pending disposition of their claim for refugee protection or if refugee protection is conferred. &gt;In other words, **any criminal prosecution relating to a refugee claimant's entry to Canada must be deferred until his or her claim has been adjudicated. If the refugee claimant is ultimately granted refugee protection, he or she cannot be prosecuted.** Pretty much the only way a border crossing can be considered illegal is if the person presents false documentation and/or are caught crossing and ultimately have their refugee status denied. Even if they are caught crossing without presenting themselves to border and customs but are granted refugee status, then said crossing is not considered illegal.
&gt;Remember. Ford is a salesman. That's how he built his dad's company One must point out that he's a terrible salesmen because he's ran his dad's once-successful label-printing company into the ground.
&gt;Based on no background at all, I would assume max train speed is limited by turn radii and cargo traffic using the same tracks. This is pretty much the main factor, I'm no expert but I've read up on high speed rail development in Europe and in Japan. In Japan, when they launched their bullet train service, it was on a completely newly built line that was specifically constructed for the bullet train alone. Europe tried different methods of adapting existing rail lines for HSR service but pretty much failed in most regards because the lines were way too old and built with turns that were too sharp to accommodate HSR, plus the fact that any HSR would have to share the lines with much slower moving local passenger train or freight traffic. Right now in Canada, especially in Ontario with Go Train services, all our trains run on CN-owned and operated rails. Services like Go, and VIA actually pay CN to use their lines. Which also means that freight traffic always gets priority over Go or VIA passenger traffic (part of the reason why Go trains are always delayed because they have to wait for freight trains to go through first). Our lines are very old and were built to accommodate slower moving trains and would not be suitable for HSR.
Don't give him ideas.
And the man wonders why he was booed so heartedily at the Raptor's parade.
The wet dreams of one percenters.
Under Harris? God no.
Oh he's for the people alright, he just didn't state during the election that the poor and those who disagreed with him "aren't real people".
I blame both sides in this case. It takes two for a lie to succeed, one to tell it and the other to believe it.
Nope, they want everything privatized and run by private companies, while keeping wages and workers rights suppressed. They want a large pool of uneducated and unskilled workers because that helps keep wages down and also makes them expendable and easily replaceable. That keeps their bottomline and profit margins up, and they make more money. Quality goods and services doesn't really equate more money and profit, look at Walmart and Amazon's business model. Sell cheaply manufactured garbage goods for low prices and pay their workers slave wages with slave-like working conditions and their owners (The Waltons, Jeff Bezos) are the richest people in the world.
It's both, why should a voter be absolved of their responsibility to do their due diligence in making an informed decision? This responsbility exists whether politicans lie or not.
Their entire platform is "Trudeau is trash, don't vote for Trudeau". That's it. The idea is to dissaude enough of the center-left and left-bloc to not vote at all so that they win by default.
I just started listening a few weeks ago, and just finished season 4 of TNG and I noticed it dropped off a lot starting in season 4... the first two seasons absolutely filled with it, but it tapered off a bit in 3 and dropped off a lot in 4, mostly after Wesley left for the academy. I haven't really noticed it in the priority one messages, they mostly just fall back on Kevin Uxbridge for those.
I mean, conservative voters leaving out naunces is pretty much their standard operating procedure.
The average salary in Canada as of [January 2018 is $55,806.40/year](http://blog.careerbeacon.com/stats-can-the-highest-and-lowest-paying-jobs-in-canada-for-2018/). The [projected average pay raise for 2019 is expected to be 2.6% (2.5 in Ontario)](https://www.conferenceboard.ca/press/newsrelease/2018/10/31/slightly-higher-salary-increases-expected-for-canadian-workers-in-2019?AspxAutoDetectCookieSupport=1). That means the average pay raise in Canada this year is probably around the neighbourhood of $1,450. Doug just gave a pay raise to 31 of his cronies that is 11 times higher than the national average, despite slashing billions in education, healthcare and environmental spending resulting in thousands of lost jobs, with no tax cuts and still somehow ballooning the provinical deficit. "For the People" indeed.
Note all the PC members who ran against or heavily criticized Ford during the OPC leadership campaign all somehow went silent and started kow-towing to him at the same time were all rewarded with cabinet or other cushy/high-profile postings after the election.
He also hates Ottawa but only cuz Justin lives there.
Right, that's with TWO incomes or more.
Out of touch implies incompetence. I do not for a second believe Doug Ford or his administration to be incompetent. Their actions are deliberate and malicious.
He knows. He [cut all provinicial tourism funding to Toronto AND Ottawa](https://nationalpost.com/pmn/news-pmn/canada-news-pmn/ontario-government-eliminates-tourism-funding-to-toronto-and-ottawa) back in May including all $9.5 million the province was slated to give to Tourism Toronto. Ottawa loses out $3.4 million.
Except they had weeks of PTS data to tell them what kind of impact this change would have had. Yes, PTS isn't necessarily representative of live server meta/play but you can't tell me or anyone that WG couldn't determine how much of an impact the AA change would have with weeks of PTS data and was only able to determine this with one day of live server data. C'mon. While I am not disagreeing that the AA changes have had a significant impact, for WG to declare the change to be an "overnerf" after 1 day of the patch going live despite testing it for weeks on PTS is just baffling. They're either blind, or incompetent, or both.
"Just deal, then you get to run Ontario"
Canada has ranked 1st in the quality of life index 4 years in a row now.
You're skipping a lot of the side quests and exploration at 60 hours. I didn't even 100% everything and I still clocked in over 200 hours with the base game plus the two expansions alone.
&gt;[The Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative, an anti-terrorism policy passed by Congress in 2004](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/passports-please-new-border-rules-take-effect-1.790051), requires travellers 16 and older who are entering the United States from Canada by land or sea to carry one of the following: &gt;* Passport. * NEXUS card. * Free and Secure Trade (FAST) card. * Enhanced driver's licence (EDL) or an enhanced identification card (EIC) from a province where a U.S.-approved EDL/EIC program has been implemented. * Secure Certificate of Indian Status (when this certificate is available and approved by the United States). Pretty sure the reverse was also made true as part of this act that started requiring Americans to present a passport or something more then just a driver's license to enter Canada. In 2004, [only ~20-22% of Americans held passports](https://www.forbes.com/sites/niallmccarthy/2018/01/11/the-share-of-americans-holding-a-passport-has-increased-dramatically-in-recent-years-infographic/#1f043c983c16). That explains the huge drop-off.
Same, looks crisper on my monitor for sure but the VR immersion keeps me in the game much, much easier. I can easily spend 4 hours grinding void opals in VR and lose track of the time... plus flying around in an asteroid belt or ring in VR and an agile ship is a lot of fun.
They didn't quit, reality just decided to become satire.
Man I can't wait until that trickle down effect finally kicks in!! Show me the money!!
I did a lot of research and the Rift S wasn't enough of a justification to spend another $450 CAD on another HMD... my CV1 was ~$500 CAD when I bought it. For almost as much as what I paid for the CV1, I'm really just getting a small bump in resolution and... that's about it really. Wasn't worth it IMO. Also, I don't like the fact that it uses LCD versus OLED like most other headsets... you just don't get the same deeper blacks on an LCD compared to an OLED and deep blacks is something you'd want in a space game like Elite Dangerous. Again, to me the Rift S is a 1.5 upgrade at the most, not a true Rift CV2 and therefore not worth the price.
I'm sure it's an improvement and thanks for the feedback, I did think about it but again, even $400 USD is a good amount of money and to me the improvements weren't enough to make it worth that cost. I figured it'll be better to save that money and put it towards a true next-gen VR headset with higher resolution, better lenses, OLED, and built-in wireless and finger/eye-tracking because that HMD will cost a bundle but is expected to be released in 2020/2021. If I bought a new HMD now, I wouldn't be able to justify making another upgrade for another 3 to 4 years.
Both genders will usually keep silent but for different reasons. Men because of being emasculinated. Women because of victim-blaming.
While a new draft isn't impossible and it's always a tool for the US government to supplement troop numbers, they have in the last few conflicts, demonstrated a preference for using PMCs (private military contractors) for fulfilling their man-power needs.
The US government prefers to hire private military contractors now to deal with manpower shortages... it's easier and cheaper for them plus it helps enrich their buddies by handing them lucrative contracts. This was their go-to method for the Second Iraq War and the War in Afghanistan in particular. Other side-benefits include allowing the government the suppress/deflate troop casaulty figures (which is always bad for PR) because fewer US troops get killed, they don't have to report contractors (mercenaries) who are killed in the conflict(s). Also, less spending on after support and care in the VA because again, they're contractors and not entitled to any benefits that a member of the US armed forces would be privy to. There's a number of books written on this subject, especially how Cheney had a heavy hand in handing out contractors to his friends or to companies he had financial ties to for "rebuildling" and "securing" Iraq. Of course, a draft is always possible, but I'd say it's far less likely now compared to the 60's and 70's. The military industrial complex has changed significantly in the last two decades.
It's still alpha which means they haven't even started optimization.
They don't target 60 fps on XBox One and XBox One S. And there's this thing called "cranking down the settings" and many other tools like dynamic resolution. It won't look nearly as good on newer systems or more powerful PCs but uh, if they want to get it to run at mostly 30 fps on an XBox One, they'll find a way to do it. After all, notoriously PC-crushing games like RDR2 was released on current gen consoles first a year before it was released on PC. RDR2 looks the absolute worst on an XBox One (non-X) but it still runs at mostly 30 fps.
&gt;Pity we didn't call for restraint BEFORE the US assassinated a foreign general with whom they were NOT at war with Sure but I'm don't think Trump gave the Canadian government a head's up before they did the deed.
Those are all good points. I think more it's more accurate to say that some of the weapons that the Americans supplied to the Mujahedeen to fight the Soviets did eventually wound up in the hands of Al Queda and the Taliban which were subsequently used against coalition forces in the newest ilteration of the War in Afghanistan. But I mean, it's not like this is an outliar case. The US supplied training and weapons to Iran while it was still under the rule of the Shah until the Islamic Revolution overthrew that government, then the Americans turned around and gave money and weapons to Saddam to support him against Iran during the Iran-Iraq War and we all know how that's playing out long-term.
&gt;so I wouldn't by any means give him much credit as some anti war leader I agree. But I would point out that Afghanistan was politically more complicated. Bush really used public sentiment and sympathy from the 9-11 attacks to support the US-led invasion of Afghanistan. I was in high school at the time and I recall the public opinion in Canada generally being supportive of the American invasion, so deploying JTF2 was kinda like "we support our friends south of the border buuuuut we're not gonna really fully commit our troops and forces to this thing". Not an excuse for Chrétien at all, but it is important to point out the political situation and context at the time and hindsight is 20/20. I absolutely do not support the war now and haven't for a long while but I'll admit to being quite okay with it as a high schooler when the whole thing started and even recall feeling some pride in knowing that Canadian special forces troops were on the ground fighting terrorists. But the justification for the Second Iraq War was very dubious from the get-go and it quickly became very obvious that the whole "invading Iraq to stop their weapons of mass destruction" was a total fabrication.
Let's not go crazy here. Thumbs up to Jagmeet for this but he's not the PM, it costs him little to nothing politically to outright condemn the attack, and really he should, if he didn't it would probably be worse for him. Trudeau however is the PM, it's a little more complicated. Not to excuse him or whatever but Trudeau and Jagmeet are absolutely not coming at this from the same positions and to compare them as such isn't particularly fair.
&gt;Trudeau will just stay quiet like he did when we sold Saudi Arabia 15 million dollars worth of arms that they used to starve children in Yemen. Slam Trudeau for *continuing* the arms deal with Saudi Arabia that **Harper started**. He deserves some shame on that but again, he didn't pull the trigger on that one. Important to recognize context.
And it's been noted that if he cancelled the contract then Canada would incur hefty financial penalties. Don't get me wrong, I'm not giving Trudeau a free pass on this and I'll rather take the penalty but you can't ignore pertinent facts.
BUT TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMY SURELY THE RICH AND WEALTHY CAN BE TRUSTED TO REDISTRIBUTE WEALTH IF WE GIVE IT TO THEM
I'm sorry to hear that. As a parent, I generally do not judge how other parents raise their kids short of anything that qualifies as abuse/neglect because I understand parenting is difficult and challenging and everyone is different has their own way of doing things. But vaccines are one thing I absolutely will not budge on. Refusing to vaccinate your children when they are medically fit to recieve them and you have access to them is tantamount to abuse and neglect and makes you a bad parent, full stop.
Agreed. The whole notion of "parent's rights" is nonsense, it's not a thing. The right of your children to be taken care of properly trumps whatever "rights" you have as a parent. At most, it can be considered as parent's *privilage*, and it can and should be taken away from you if you abuse or misuse it.
Canadian troops are there to help train Iraqi soldiers and law enforcement.
Those are not the same things. Also, one comparison we CAN use from that is driver's license... people have to be trained and licensed to operate a motor vehicle because that's for the public good and safety, it keeps the driver but other members of the public safer by making sure you're at least minimally qualified to operate a vehicle. The same thing can be said for vaccinations, it's for the public good and safety. It's not to ensure the person who gets vaccinated stays healthier but also helps ensure people *around* them stays healthier because herd-immunity. Vaccination isn't just for the person being vaccinated, it's also about protecting everyone else around them. There are people who legitimately cannot be vaccinated for medical reasons because they're allergic to an ingredient in the vaccine, or they have a compromised immune system. Also, not getting sick in the first place is pretty fucking important because being infected is how pathogens mutate and become stronger.
This isn't new though. 12 years ago, a coworker and I travelled to Buffalo to watch a hockey game. My coworker was born in Iran but has been living in Canada since he was 2 years old, holds only a Canadian citizenship and passport and has never returned to Iran after his family initially immigrated to Canada. He was driving when we crossed the border, besides myself (Asian) his girlfriend (white) was also in the vehicle. He got grilled for about 5 minutes at the booth by the US customs officer about where he was from, when he moved to Canada, if he'd ever gone back to Iran and why he was entering into the US. Then she directed us to the customs building for further inspection... when we parked they searched our rental vehicle and told us to go wait inside. My coworker then promptly had his and only his passport confidscated and was separated from us and escorted to another room. I ended up waiting with his girlfriend for over an hour, no one would answer our questions when we asked about him or give us any information or status updates and we weren't allowed to see him. No one questioned me or his girlfriend or paid us any attention whatsoever. She was starting to freak out and since this was a work-organized trip, I'd even called my office and we were considering calling our company's legal department for help when he was finally released and we were all allowed to go. We asked him what happened and he said two customs officers asked him the *exact same questions* that the first border guard had asked him, over and over and over again for more than an hour and he kept giving them the same response until they finally let him go. What a ridiculous experience.
And as I said, you can't compare driving to being vaccinated. Driving is generally optional and most people don't need to be able to drive to live or stay safe and healthy, nor do most people need to drive to keep other people safe or healthy. Vaccinations are *required*, **not** optional to best keep as many people as safe and healthy as possible. You know there are laws that legally require people to smoke a certain distance away from the entrance to a building right? You know why that is? It's to prevent a smoker from effing over someone who doesn't smoke by increasing their odds of getting lung cancer and other illnesses from second-hand smoke. Mandatory vaccinations would operate on the same idea. &gt;I'm taking issue with the idea that "if you don't have a reason not to do X, the government should make you do X". The reason is herd immunity and protecting the child, vulnerable segments of the population who cannot be vaccinated, and to mitigate and reduce the opportunity for pathogens to mutate and evolve into something deadier. Those are pretty damned good reasons if you ask me.
In the CBC article: &gt;A study issued last month by the libertarian Cato Institute found that between 1975 and 2017, seven people from “special interest” countries – states tied at least loosely to terrorism – were convicted of planning attacks on U.S. soil. **Four of those individuals entered illegally from Canada**, none from Mexico. So four individuals entered from Canada into the US, from states with loose ties to terrorism, over a span of **42 years**... yeah that's a huge problem, so much so that it's good they're using racial profiling to screen people trying to legally cross the border. /s
Ironically, you're the one who hasn't presented any facts and are using arguments that are clearly based on emotions as they have little basis in rational logic.
&gt;"If you don't have a reason not to do it, the government should REQUIRE you to do it", regardless of what that "it" is. I don't see any issues with this when it results in the betterment of the public's health and well-being.
Hrm... I guessed wrong then, because postal workers don't get that day off and they're federal so I just assumed federal employees don't get that day.
I see, my bad, I misundersood how that all works.
No no, they paid friends/family as a consultant to ~~come up with~~ copy a logo for them. We should just replacing the saying "like oil and water" with "like Conservatives and accountability".
&gt;I can't even imagine the depression of this, pre-mining buff. Pre-mining buff, took me ~150 hours to reach a net worth of 300 million credits. Post-mining buff, took me ~35 hours to reach a net worth of 1 billion credits.
&gt; To get around this they would fire you a day before your anniversary and re-hire you instantly. Standard tactic utilized by Amazon and other online retailers nowadays, they fire warehouse employees every couple of months and rehire them the next day so they'll never qualify for raises or additional benefits or bonuses that would come with hitting employment milestones... this way they can advertise and say their employees are *entitled* to great benefits and wage increases but never actually give them out. But to be clear this is more of an issue in the US, don't think it's as bad of a problem with Amazon Canada.
Nothing is cooked or baked in-stores anymore. All hot food items are pre-cooked by their supplier and reheated in an oven at the store before it gets served. Pastries are also made off-site and shipped to the stores.
&gt;Ukrainian Kiev-based media outlet Obozrevatel reported that, of the 167 passengers, 82 were confirmed to be Iranians, 63 were Canadians, 3 were British, 6 were Afghans, 8 were Swedish and 4 were Germans. 15 Ukrainians were also reported to be onboard.[4] The discrepancy is because many were dual nationals, and Iran only recognizes dual-nationals as Iranian citizens. The Ukrainian Security Council confirmed that 11 Ukrainians, including the 9 crew members,[18] were killed in the crash.[19][20]
Also should be noted that the majority of airplane crashes occur during the take-off or landing phase and not mid-flight, there's a reason why take-offs and landings are actually the most dangerous part of a flight.
We're only 8 days into 2020 and it feels like all hell is breaking loose...
&gt; But since your oil revenues have been frittered away That's what they're saying, a sales tax probably wouldn't have been necessary if they hadn't squandered their oil-wealth away and had actually invested it properly. Alberta's the story you hear on the news every so often about how someone wins the lottery, goes nuts and blows all their money within a year and have to declare bankruptcy shortly thereafter.
A lot of them probably have dual-citizenships.
Yeah and no direct flights between Iran and Canada
Per [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ukraine_International_Airlines_Flight_752#Investigation): &gt;Under standard International Civil Aviation Organisation rules, America's National Transportation Safety Board would participate in the investigation, as they represented the state of the manufacturer of the aircraft. France's Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses pour la Sécurité de l'Aviation Civile would participate as representatives of the state of manufacture of the aircraft's engines and Ukraine's Ministry of Infrastructure would participate as representatives of the state the aircraft was registered in. **Given the current tensions in Iran, it is not known how these organizations would be involved, although it was reported that Iran had stated that American, French and Ukrainian authorities would be involved.**[31] &gt;On 8 January 2020, the Ukrainian government said that it will send experts to Tehran to assist with the investigation. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky instructed the Ukrainian General Prosecutor to open a criminal investigation into the crash.[20] The Ukrainian Embassy in Iran said that preliminary details pointed to engine failure; it also issued a statement ruling out terrorism, but quickly removed the statement.[35] Later the same day, the Ukrainian Embassy in Iran said that anything was possible and refused to rule out that the plane was struck by a missile.[36] You're right in that Iran doesn't have to cooperate but it would be in their best interest to despite the current tensions because refusal to cooperate could mean they lose their status within ICAO and lose airline service to Tehran.
Cargo/freight trucking in the US and Canada is a prime candidate for automation.
Not disputing that. Canada and the other countries can only apply political pressure to get Iran to play ball but if they don't then they don't. ICAO could do something as I pointed out but again, yeah no one can force Iran to cooperate, just pressure.
To be fair, in an aircraft accident investigation, the Flight Data Recorder and Cockpit Voice Recorder (together known as "the black box") are not sent to the aircraft manufacturer until after the investigation is over... they're usually sent to the investigation agency for decoding and downloading the data/information... giving it to the manufacturer is a conflict of interest. If the local investigating authority does not have the technical means to extract the data, they'll send it to a foreign agency to decode it. NTSB, TSB (Canada), AAIB (UK), the French agency etc. are all alternatives who are typically utilized for this. Sometimes they'll send it to a foreign agency for data extraction as an act to show impartiality. So Iran not sending the black boxes to Boeing isn't really an issue, and not sending to NTSB isn't a problem either long as they're willing to submit it to one of the other agencies.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not advocating that human truck drivers be eliminated as a thing. I do feel like it should be more automated and it's kinda logical to do so because it's driving and moving freight and doesn't really involve or require human interaction? Also, I am thinking more in terms of long-range trucking, not say intra-city deliveries but inter-provinicial/cross-country freight and/or freight to remote locations especially in northern Canada seems to make a lot of sense. If nothing else, automation could supplement trucking... automation hasn't replaced humans in manufacturing but it's definitely supplemented it to a considerable degree.
&gt; It was likely accidentally shot down. On what basis? The plane went down as it was taking off from a major international airport in Iran. Why did that particular plane get shot down but none of the other ones that were taking off before and after it? It can't be an accidential shootdown because who the hell is going to misidentify a radar contact [flying a standard departure route near a major international airport](https://i.imgur.com/sb7T3b1.png) as anything more then a civilian aircraft?? You have absolutely no basis for your assumption. Edit: Since when did this sub start downvoting facts?
It's not impossible but as noted, unless new information comes to light that indicates otherwise, it's still far less likely then it being a mechanical failure or pilot error. Also, considering that they were right at the airport taking off at low-altitude with ample radar coverage, video survelliance and eye-witnesses present... if it was shot-down it would've been very evidence and obvious and that would've come to light by now. Especially if it was shot-down by either the US or Iran, both sides would be scrambling over the wreckage to blame each other. Secondly, if you read the article, the title is misleading and actually wrong. None of the people quoted in the article actually said it may have been a shootdown event, just that they can't rule it out as a possibility due to the lack of available information but they also note that it makes no sense for anyone to shoot it down. Edit: Downvoted for stating facts to counter conjecture based on emotion.
&gt; An overzealous anti-air operator being too trigger happy seems highly plausible. It doesn't. It was at low altitude near a major international airport following a standard departure route and squawking a transponder code. It's impossible to mistake it for anything other then a civilian aircraft.
Yes because not like [that's](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TWA_Flight_800) [never](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philippine_Airlines_Flight_143) [happened](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thai_Airways_International_Flight_114) [before](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pan_Am_Flight_214).
Yes, it's called mechanical failure or pilot error which accounts for the vast vast vast majority of aircraft crashes. Until more information comes to light which indicates otherwise, those are still the most likely explanations as of now. And think about it, if someone mistook it for a military aircraft, then why would they mistake that particular aircraft and not the many airplanes that took off around that time following the exact same route and departure profile?? Also, who is going to look at a radar contact that's [climbing away from an international airport in a straight line from the runway](https://i.imgur.com/sb7T3b1.png) and say "yep that's definitely a military aircraft, better shoot it the fuck down ASAP before we take any measures to ID it".
My condolences, that's terrible.
C'mon. You seriously think an AA operator was looking at the radar and saw [an aircraft climbing away from Tehran's international airport in a straight line from the runway](https://i.imgur.com/sb7T3b1.png) and immediately thought it was a US military aircraft coming in for an attack and moved to shoot it down without making any attempts to identify it first? If that's the case then how come it didn't shoot down every other plane who took off from the airport during their shift because they all would've followed that exact same route and departure profile.
I read the article and the same article quotes the following: &gt;Philip Baum, the editor of Aviation Security International magazine, said it was too early to speculate. **“I just think there is nothing to indicate that it was a shootdown, and if it was shot down then by whom?”** &gt;Zeev Sarig, the former head of Ben Gurion airport in Israel, said a technical failure could be behind the plane crash, or an explosive device on board. Also, the article points to the plane being on fire as a sign of a missile strike but I just made this post in another thread providing a number of examples where a passenger aircraft crashed when it caught fire during take-off: &gt;1) Eye-witnesses say the aircraft was on fire when it went down, suggesting it was hit with a missile but fatal crashes where the aircraft caught fire during or shortly after take-off has happened before as in the case of [ValuJet Flight 592](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ValuJet_Flight_592), [Air France Flight 4590](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air_France_Flight_4590), [Nigeria Airways Flight 2120](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nigeria_Airways_Flight_2120) and [Saudia Flight 163](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saudia_Flight_163) which managed to return and land at the airport but still suffered causalties. Puncture/projectile holes in the fuselage and wing sections do not confirm a missile strike, previous incidents of uncontained engine failures has produced the same type of tell-tale signs and damage: &gt;2) Eye-witnesses say they saw puncture holes in the wings and fuselsage of the wreckage, again suggesting it was struck by shrapnal from a missile but an uncontained engine failure would produce the similar damage as in the case of [Southwest Airlines Flights 1380](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southwest_Airlines_Flight_1380) and [3472](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southwest_Airlines_Flight_3472), and [Delta Airlines Flight 1288](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delta_Air_Lines_Flight_1288). These incidents did not result in loss of the aircraft as the incident occurred before the aircraft has taken off or during the cruise phase of a flight where the aircraft was at a high altitude which gave more time for the flight crew to react and response. A good example of an uncontained engine failure bringing down an aircraft during take-off would be the infamous [United Airlines Flight 232](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Airlines_Flight_232) better known as the Sioux City crash. Another thing top to point out is that these reports of fire and puncture damages are unconfirmed and have not been made or verified by on-site investigators and experts. &gt;Iran’s civil aviation authorities said they would not follow normal practice of sending the boxes to US-plane manufacturer Boeing, but declined to say who would be responsible for analysing the data. This is factually incorrect and poor journalism because it is not standard procedure to send the Flight Data Recorder (FDR) and Cockpit Voice Recorder (CVR) to the aircraft manufacturer during an active aircraft accident investigation because that would literally be the definition of "conflict of interest". [Rather, the investigating authority takes custody of the FDR and CVR to decode and extract the data/information from for the investigation.](https://science.howstuffworks.com/transport/flight/modern/black-box6.htm) A number of governmental agencies have this capability including the NTSB (USA), TSB (Canada), AAIB (UK) and so on. Standard procedure is in fact to send the FDR and CVR to one of these agencies to download the data from. The FDRs and CVRs are typically only handed to the aircraft manufacturer **after completion of the investigation** so they can study it and try to improve its design but never during an active investigation. The investigating agency if they do not have the capability to download the data or want to show impartiality also has the option to send the FDR/CVR to a foreign agency to do so acting as a third-party.
&gt;to clarify the black box does not need to go to Boeing for analysis, it can but they can also use independent labs for analysis Boeing isn't allowed to actually take custody of the black boxes during the investigation, only after completion of it. Otherwise, potential conflict of interest.
Doug Ford would get jealous.
It's pure clickbait, and I've seen that same Independent article posted all over which is just further inflaming all the misinformation floating about and is annoying.
&gt;I also think people are forgetting that take offs (and landings) are the most dangerous parts of any flights. If anything is going to go wrong, it usually happens then. A plane crashing immediately after take off isn't that crazy. [24% of aircraft accidents occur during the take-off and initial climb-out phase, and 47% occur during the final approach and landing](https://www.1001crash.com/index-page-statistique-lg-2-numpage-3.html). This makes perfect sense as the aircraft is literally "low and slow" during those phases, in particular during final approach where the aircraft is descending at a low altitude flying at most 20 knots above stall speed with virtually no room or time to recover or respond if any issues arises.
&gt;It wasn’t an engine failure. The aircraft had just taken off from the airport and was climbing and only reached a maximum altitude of 7,000 feet which isn't high at all. Secondly, a plane going down in an "explodey ball of fire" during or shortly after take-off has happened before, previous incidents include [Nigeria Airways Flight 2120](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nigeria_Airways_Flight_2120), [Air France Flight 4590](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air_France_Flight_4590), and [ValuJet Flight 592](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ValuJet_Flight_592) just to name a few. Transponder cutting off just means power failure or an issue with the electrical systems.
[Bell CEO also said that the race for cheaper wireless is a bad idea](https://www.iphoneincanada.ca/carriers/bell/bell-canada-new-ceo-race-cheap-wireless/), what a shocker. &gt;Today, Bibic has commented on Canada’s desire for cheap wireless rates, calling the move “really bad public policy.” &gt;Bibic stated his views in an interview on Bell Media’s BNN Bloomberg with Amanda Lang today. According to the new CEO, he said, “If our objective is to have the cheapest communications services in the world, or the G20, or the G8, I think that would be really bad public policy.” &gt;He went on to say, “We’re on the cusp here of a new era in communications, which is really going to power the Canadian economy writ large. So what you want is the highest quality networks if we want to be a productive economy, you want the most coverage possible across the country, you want to connect communities, and, of course, you want affordable services and value for dollar paid.” Newsflash. Wireless rates in Canada have been very high for years and the quality of wireless service here is still pretty shit and penetration into more remote communities/areas are still essentially non-existent. My old supervisor that I used to work for moved to Nainimo on Vancouver Island, we keep in touch and chat every so often and still have to call his land line there because his cellphone gets coverage there about 10% of the time and the dude is on Rogers.
The 737 crash being a result of an intentional/accidental shootdown by US/Iranian military is still far less probable then mechanical-failure/pilot-error or act of terrorism at this point.
They can't seem to understand that Canada isn't a theocracy and that a theocracy is terrible in any form regardless of which religion it is based on. As a Christian, I don't want to live under a Christian-Theocracy anymore then I would want to live under an Islamic or Hindu Theocracy.
&gt;Planes just dont spontaneously blowup...only ones in active war zones. [That's](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TWA_Flight_800) not [true](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philippine_Airlines_Flight_143) at [all](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pan_Am_Flight_214).
This sounds like a relevant time to bring up the fact unlike Iran Air Flight 655, this flight was deep in Iranian airspace and had just taken off from [Tehran's international airport, was doing it's initial climb-out flying straight from the airport runway following the standard aircraft departure route and profile from said airport](https://i.imgur.com/sb7T3b1.png) and therefore not at all comparable to the situation with Flight 655.
&gt;The most likely scenario, at this time, is the heightened tensions in Iran - a result of American aggression in the region - created a situation where a civilian plane was mistaken for a military plane and accidentally shot down by the Iranian military. This scenario is completely impossible. This is the [flight path](https://i.imgur.com/sb7T3b1.png) of the aircraft when it went down. The 737 had just taken-off from Tehran's international airport and was still in its initial climb-out phase, and was flying straight away from the airport's runway following the standard departure route and profile. No one who looks at the radar and see a contact climbing away from an international airport at a low-rate of speed and climb-rate will think that it's a hostile military aircraft. Secondly, the 737 would've been squawking a transponder code identifying itself. Many other planes would've left just before this flight following the exact same departure route and profile and weren't shot down. Even if the military was suspicious of the radar contact they would've seen it was leaving the airport and would've either tried to raise the aircraft on radio first, and/or contacted the airport's departure controller and asked "hey did a plane just leave the airport?" before they fired. Edit: Also, I'm just going to add this from a previous post I made yesterday because I've had to copy and paste it so many times on OGFT and I know someone's going to bring these same talking points up again. &gt;1) Eye-witnesses say the aircraft was on fire when it went down, suggesting it was hit with a missile but fatal crashes where the aircraft caught fire during or shortly after take-off has happened before as in the case of [ValuJet Flight 592](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ValuJet_Flight_592), [Air France Flight 4590](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air_France_Flight_4590), [Nigeria Airways Flight 2120](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nigeria_Airways_Flight_2120) and [Saudia Flight 163](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saudia_Flight_163) which managed to return and land at the airport but still suffered causalties. &gt;2) Eye-witnesses say they saw puncture holes in the wings and fuselsage of the wreckage, again suggesting it was struck from shrapnal from a missile but an uncontained engine failure would produce the similar damage as in the case of [Southwest Airlines Flights 1380](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southwest_Airlines_Flight_1380) and [3472](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southwest_Airlines_Flight_3472), and [Delta Airlines Flight 1288](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delta_Air_Lines_Flight_1288). These incidents did not result in loss of the aircraft as the incident occurred before the aircraft has taken off or during the cruise phase of a flight where the aircraft was at a high altitude which gave more time for the flight crew to react and response. A good example of an uncontained engine failure bringing down an aircraft during take-off would be the infamous [United Airlines Flight 232](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Airlines_Flight_232) better known as the Sioux City crash. &gt;It should also be pointed out that approximately [24% of aircraft accidents occur during the take-off and initial climb-out](https://www.1001crash.com/index-page-statistique-lg-2-numpage-3.html) phase, and a whopping 47% during the final approach and landing phase. These two phases are the most dangerous of a flight profile because the aircraft is low and slow, especially during final approach where the aircraft is typically only a few knots above stall-speed with almost no altitude to recover should any issues arise.
&gt;Also only propagandists talk the way you do btw. I've presented facts and sample cases. You've presented the statement that planes don't spontaneously blow up which was refluted, and reponded with "I don't buy it" when presented with examples of where aircraft have "spontaneously" blown up. And I'm the proagandist?
They handcuffed them right away too, it's not like the police questioned them first then cuffed them after getting suspicious from their responses. Definitely reeks of racial profiling.
&gt;One Pentagon and one U.S senior intelligence official told Newsweek that the Pentagon's assessment is that the incident was accidental. Iran's anti-aircraft were likely active following the country's missile attack, which came in response to the U.S. killing last week of Revolutionary Guard Quds Force commander Major General Qassem Soleimani, sources said. &gt;U.S. Central Command declined to comment on the matter when contacted by Newsweek. No reply was returned from the National Security Council or State Department. Yeah, taking this one with a sizeable grain of salt.
Correlation does not equal causation. "Exceedingly rare" isn't impossible. A civilian aircraft being fired upon during take-off from an international airport has only ever happened [once before](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2003_Baghdad_DHL_attempted_shootdown_incident) and that was an intentional attempt made by insurgents. Other possiblities are therefore still more common until more information comes to light.
Okay.
Unidentified official said two missile launches were detected, okay, but let's see some evidence now please? Because the Pentagon is refusing to make any official comments.
CBC is reporting that one official said that they detected two missiles launched by Iran just before the plane went down, okay but please provide the evidence then in that case because the official channels still won't comment.
Comments are all well and good but those are considerable accusations that IMO require some evidence to back up... hopefully they will present them if they have them.
No disagreements here.
I'm terrible at parties, too rational.
Yes I saw, the comments are from unidentified officials... Pentagon won't comment though. If the evidence exists then please show it. If they pursue that narrative that's fine, I'm just waiting for the evidence to prove it or at least show that it's the most likely scenario.
Same, important to also note that there's no actual official comment by the US government or the Pentagon regarding the likihood of the flight being brought down by a missile, rather it's a comment being made by an unidentified US official. I'm gonna wait until we see something more official/definitive then he-said/they-said.
A couple of unidentified US officials making comments without any presenting any evidence does not make the US government. The Pentagon is refusing to comment. These officials are saying they have evidence, great, let's see it. I'm not saying they're lying, just that I'm not going to solely take their word for it.
I only believe in the evidence and the evidence also needs to be verifiable.
I'm just saying I'm trying to approach this with as little biases or prenotions as possible. If one side claims to have evidence then let's see it and go from there. As the KGB guy on Chernobyl said: "trust but verify".
I mean I'll reserve judgement until we actually see it if we ever do.
Yeah that's a new development.
It's not about credit, it's basic common sense and an iota of intelligence. The plane had literally just [taken off](https://i.imgur.com/sb7T3b1.png) from the area's only (well-known) international airport, it's hard to imagine "hostile enemy aircraft" is the first thing that comes to anyone's mind when they see a radar contact climbing away from an international airport. I'm not saying it's impossible, just for that to happen is utterly incredible. Not to mention that the decision made to fire was very fast, which means numerous procedures were bypassed or ignored. Sorry, not saying I don't believe, but just wow.
&gt;The Syrian regime literally shot down an allied Russian aircraft after Israel attacked it. Apples to oranges though. This isn't projecting. You know there's a major international airport nearby, that's not something you "just" forget. If you can put 1 and 1 together, then you can put "planes" and "airport" together. Also food for thought: [An A330 departed the airport at the same time, and a Qatar Airways 777-300ER left 13 minutes prior](https://i.imgur.com/5Ath9DH.png), it's just incredible to think they got spared and not the 737 but imagine if the 777 was shot down instead... that plane carries 350+ people. And don't get me wrong, I'm not arguing that this is unlikely or not possible, just incredulous at the level of incompetency involved along with all many other things needed to go wrong at the same time for this to have happened regardless of the situation.
Yeah, the level of incompetency and the amount of things that needed to go wrong for this to have happened borders fantasy but not impossible and if that's what happened then that's what happened and I'm completely wowed by this.
It still needs to be thoroughly investigated and if it was shot down by the Iranian military then heads will roll... at least the one who pushed the button and/or the one who authorized the firing.
Trudeau is saying now they have evidence from allies as well as internal intelligence showing it was a shoot down incident so this changes things a bit.
The point I was making yesterday and for most of today was that based on the information available at the time, a shootdown was not the most probable cause. I never said it was impossible or that I wouldn't consider it. If the evidence points to that then so be it, I just thought it was less likely then other more common causes. I was waiting for more evidence as well, and it's pointing that way now and one cannot argue with evidence.
Tehran has two major international airports only 30 km apart, a third smaller international airport as well as airbases... it's a very busy airspace. A possibility is that they fired at a different target but the missile re-tracked and locked onto the 737 instead during flight. But I have no evidence to support this, just brainstorming at this point.
None of these are remotely comparable to the current situation. A civilian passenger airliner shot down while taking-off from a major international airport, by the military of the nation that owns and operate said airport, has never occurred before. The closest comparable case was the attempted shoot down in 2003 of a [DHL aircraft taking off from Baghdad airport](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2003_Baghdad_DHL_attempted_shootdown_incident) and this was made by insurgents in a much more active conflict zone. In fact, just to show how volitile the environment was during that incident, the airport the plane took off from was surrounded by minefields placed there by the US military. It's what makes this tragedy even more unprecedented.
Not if the ones who fired it wanted to try to save their own necks, especially in a country that is much more agreeable to executions.
My bad
Feels fine taking a rational approach to things.
The US closed its airspace. Iran did not. Huge difference.
Not an F-22 but maybe misidentified as a drone like the larger, jet powered [MQ-4 Triton](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northrop_Grumman_MQ-4C_Triton) for example.
It would be standard IFF codes per ICAO guidelines and would be open knowledge that the Iranian military would be able to recieve and identify.
I've been thinking about this. If it was pointed at the airport then they may have been expecting hostile or unwanted aircraft to overfly the airport or at least in that vicinity/direction, possibly due to it having happened recently already. What could be mistaken for a 737 taking off? Maybe a foreign survillance drone flying low and slow... but hard to concieve that a drone would be able to penetrate that far into Iranian airspace. So many questions...
&gt;Uber Black drivers also face a unique challenge because the company’s employment contract requires them to travel to the Netherlands for mandatory arbitration over workplace disputes. Oh that's dirty
&gt;Yes, but no one is saying Trump is responsible directly. Simplest way of putting it is this, Trump didn't pull the trigger but he fermented the conditions that allow the incident to happen.
Sure, we can have computers that are programmed to answer verbal questions quite well, but who's going to pay for them? You ever tried calling a customer support line that has one of these systems in place to direct calls instead of an actual operator that uses verbal commands instead of selecting options with your keypad? It's pretty frigging terrible especially if you have an accent.
Totally agreed, the tension has existed for decades, it's the recent escalation that's problematic. Also escalation implies something that was actively done vs tension which tends to be more passive and the events leading to this tragedy were absolutely not passive but completely intentional.
And even if they get fired they have golden parachutes with huge severence packages that would probably feed an average family for years.
Because there seems to be a pretty strong [correlation between education and voting patterns](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/education-not-income-predicted-who-would-vote-for-trump/).
&gt;Hate speech on its own is not a crime [Actually, it is](https://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/C-46/section-319.html#docCont). Under the Criminal Code of Canada section 319(2): &gt;Wilful promotion of hatred &gt;(2) Every one who, by communicating statements, other than in private conversation, wilfully promotes hatred against any identifiable group is guilty of &gt;(a) an indictable offence and is liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years; or &gt;(b) an offence punishable on summary conviction.
No worries, its not something well-known, better that we're all aware of it.
The things people do for likes/retweets on social media.
There's that, but also Bush introduced education reform in the No Child Left Behind program that introduced standardized testing with funding directly tied to the results of said testing. Basically, schools that perform well in the standardized tests get rewarded with more funding. Schools that perform poorly, get *less* money. Which if you think about it, is counter-intuitive... but really is by design. Because schools in poorer neighbourhoods (i.e. ones with larger minority population) tend to garner lower testing scores while schools in affluent areas (larger percentage of whites) obviously tend to score higher and get more funding. This causes a feedback loop, a school that does poorly gets less money, so teachers get paid less, school have less resources to help students and then they score even worse in the next round of testing and get even LESS money and so on and so on. As a result, more and more money is funneled out of schools in poor neighbours and redirected to schools in affluent neighbourhoods as a direct result of the standardized testing and all that shit is directly drawn along racial lines. The worse part is that the testing is completely outsourced to private companies like Pearson... they write the tests and grade them. They also prepare the curriculum and textbooks that the tests are based on etc. and it's a very lucrative deal for these companies.
That's Lecce's way of giving the finger to the teachers, he's saying he'll happily bribe voters with their own money rather then put it in education spending/funding. Lecce's a douche and has been [caught red-handed](https://www.reddit.com/r/ontario/comments/e70pwh/shout_out_to_the_journalist_for_calling_out/) during press conferences of straight-up lying to the media and to the public about the negiotations.
Tried to join on Discord but all links return an invalid invite error.
People in general are less inclined to voice positive opinions then negative ones. If someone is satisfied or happy with something, they're probably not going to take the time and effort to voice it versus someone who is upset or pissed off about something. And for me at least, I tend to easily remember negative things that's happened to me versus good things.
I want to point out that Horwath has also squandered a golden opportunity here to gain more grounds for the NDP... you have a PC majority where their popularity, the premier especially, is completely in the gutter, and a Liberal party with no leader... instead of taking the reins of being the official opposition and running with it she's been relatively timid and quiet and invisible. ONDP needs to shake things up and boot her and get a new party leader, she's been in the position for 11 years and hasn't really accomplished much.
ONDP need a new leader, Horwath's had 11 years and squandered multiple chances including this government which was a golden opportunity.
This should constitute as abuse and grounds to have her children removed from her custody and care.
&gt;...... and we'll have rampant diseases killing off the uneducated and uninformed masses. That's not really accurate, antivax doesn't just hurt and fuck over people who don't vaccinate, they fuck over other people too. It's like drunk-driving, the drunk drivers usually get *other* people killed and not themselves. It's the concept of [herd-immunity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herd_immunity), if everyone who can be vaccinated is vaccinated, it protects those who cannot be vaccinated for legitimate medical reasons (i.e. compromised immune-system, allergies to ingrediants used in the vaccine etc). Also, more people vaccinated against a disease reduces the probability someone gets infected and gives said disease lets pathways or opportunities to mutate and become deadlier or resistent to drugs etc.
No, that's a bad way to look at it. Look up [herd-immunity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herd_immunity) and why it's so important and why we need it.
I mean, if you go into the worst-case scenario, it's that *everyone* dies. It's not like if you get vaccinated you're fine, no, that's not how that works. And we shouldn't be okay with people who cannot get vaccinated getting caught up in this, we're not okay with second-hand smoke, we're not okay with drunk drivers killing pedestrians or other drivers on the road who don't drink, we should not be okay with antivaxxers getting other people killed.
&gt;Those of us who are vaccinated will likely survive, those without will not. While generally true, we shouldn't think of it this way at all though. We all need to understand that diseases are typically caused by viruses and bacteria... these are living things that evolve and mutate over time. That's why there are multiple strains of the flu virus for example and why it's vaccinates are only effective against specific strains and not others. The only way to render a disease/illness/virus/bacteria whatever inert and non-threatening is to eliminate it completely. As long as it still exists and are still infecting people, even a small number, the possibility will remain that it may mutate into a strain that is stronger, deadlier, and/or immune to known or available vaccines... and then we're *all* fucked. It literally takes only one person to be infected for this to happen.
I trucked in a little over 4500 tons last night in my Conda, will try to do some more tonight. We still bottlenecking on Indium?
&gt;The only difference between you and I is that you (appear to me to) believe we as a global society can/will achieve 100% vaccination in the near term, and I do not. We won't, but we shouldn't stop trying. &gt; this conversation is revolving around what to do about people who refuse to vaccinate and spread misinformation about it Simple, that shit should be straight-up illegal. I fully support mandatory vaccination, with medical reasons being the only allowable reason for exemption. I know that's a strong take on it but it's where we're at.
Trying to use logic and rational reasoning with antivaxxers is a losing battle, you can't win with them.
&gt;EVGA doesn't do radeon and I think their hybrid cards are the only complete packages available. Asus has their [Aorus Waterforce](https://www.gigabyte.com/ca/Graphics-Card/GV-N208SAORUS-W-8GC) line, and MSI has the [Seahawk](https://www.msi.com/Graphics-card/GeForce-RTX-2080-Ti-SEA-HAWK-X) line but unfortunately they're all for Nvidia cards only.
Or just call up Harper and ask who he wants.
No joke: [Ontario PC MPP Dodges Questions About Doug Ford Eliminating Paid Sick Days By Calling in Sick](https://pressprogress.ca/ontario-pc-mpp-dodges-questions-about-doug-ford-eliminating-paid-sick-days-by-calling-in-sick/)
"People, I need BOTH my hands to count the number of people who want this, that's HUGE."
Or as Jon Oliver likes to put it, letting a dingo look after your baby.
Not the teachers call on this one, my wife is a teacher in the Peel board, she's been working her ass off for the last two weeks doing her report cards. They were told they still had to submit grades but not comments, BUT ETFO still told them to write their comments and document everything just in case so she still did her full report-card work load and submitted all the grades for her students earlier this week.
Based on this article, sounds like it will be held back, **but that's a board-decision**, not something decided by the teachers or their union. So what happens is that under normal circumstances, the teachers have to submit their report card grades and comments into an online electronic system. As part of their work-to-rule campaign, they're only submitting report card grades (but not comments) by paper. This means someone else, like the administrative assistants, will have to enter the grade into the electronic system... and it looks like the board is deciding to not deal with that and instead will not issue report cards at all.
One thing that doesn't get mentioned or talked about much is that EVs also have lower maintenance costs and wear-and-tear. For example, EVs never need oil changes, don't have spark plugs or timing belts that need to be replaced every so often. No exhaust system and fewer filters that need to be replaced. EVs have regenerative brakes which last longer and needs to be replaced less often. With that said, we're generally not at the point where the cost of owning an EV offsets its higher initial price, although I'd imagine that's more likely for high-mileage usage but it's coming down and will eventually get there. Just wanted to point out a lot of factors that usually don't get considered. Also, I still own two gas cars, and I do as much maintenance myself to offset the costs but you're still spending time, having to buy parts and IMO throwing a lot of used parts out in the garbage which is just a waste and contributing to more garbage. Our next cars will absolutely be EVs.
Last time I was admitted to the ER it was for a gallstone attack. I ended up spending about 14 hours on a bed in the hallway, and saw the ER doctor twice during that entire period for a total of less than 5 minutes. Don't get me wrong, the staff there was excellent, the nurses were great and took good care of me, and I don't blame the doctor because, as the nurses explained, they had 60+ patients in the ER at that time and only a single doctor working the entire floor that shift. But that workload is nonsensical, and the staff cannot provide the best level of care no matter how hard they tried.
Our cars are 10 and 7 years old respectively. My wife drives a Civic, which she bought before we were even married, and I drive a Hyundai which we purchased shortly after we married. At that time, the choice of EVs were extremely thin and the few options were extravagently priced way beyond our means. We are, fortunately, doing a lot better now so we're eyeing a Tesla 3 in the spring, and then most likely a PHEV a few years down the line replace my Hyundai. The PHEV option is due to us not being able to afford two Teslas in such a short period, and also my office has about half a dozen free EV charging stations and within the all-battery range of a number of PHEVs so I can still effectively drive a PHEV for my commute without using gas or only using a very small amount of it. For us, barring some sort of financial calamity, our current ICE vehicles will be the last pure gas-guzzlers we'll ever own.
&gt;It's tricky because we're not allowed to stay 15 minutes past the bell currently, so, meetings will take a month under those time parameters. Yeah, she's actually annoyed by that because she has so much work to do. I mean she gets it but it's not making her work-life any easier, so she ends up going to a coffee shop after work everyday to catch up on marking/lesson-planning (we have a couple of hyper kids at home who makes it very difficult for us to do work at home with any peace and quiet). &gt;Please thank your wife for me for she does! Standing in solidarity with her and her amazing coworkers! And THANK YOU for what you do as well. I may not be a teacher but being married to one has given me a level of insight and appreciation for teachers everywhere that I never had before, and having young kids in school as well has literally quadrupled my respect for teachers. My kids had no school on Monday because of the one-day ETFO strike, I applied for the government bribe and will use the money to buy Starbucks gift cards for my kid's teachers as an act of solidarity and to show them my gratitude for their hardwork and all they've done. It's the least I can do and it's my way of turning what is essentially a middle finger from Ford/Lecce to the teachers around back onto them.
The *progressive* in the "Progressive Conservatives" has as much meaning as the *democratic* in the "Democratic People's Republic of Korea".
As someone who applied for this money, it's important to note that the $60 a day is the max amount and only applicable to families who have a child aged 1 to 6 that goes to a daycare facilitiy that runs in a public school. If the child is in kindergarten, you get $40. Grades 1 to 7; $25. So the $60 dollar figure is slightly misleading because not every family impacted will qualify for it, kinda like the 90% in the "up to 90% off" sales ads.
Hahahaha nice. But if it ends up become a taxable income then it's on a whopping $25 so.
Yeah I saw it on my Google feed this morning that CNN's headline was about Trudeau being caught in another scandel. Rolled my eyes hard.
For me, I stopped going to Tims for two primary reasons: 1) Quality of food and products has gone to shit; and 2) There seems to be a trend of Tims franchise owners treating their own employees like shit, like taking away paid breaks as a result of Ontario raising it's minimum wage and firing employees for trying to unionize etc. Fuck that noise.
That's fair, the "not a peep" statement isn't accurate I'll admit.
Next election is June 2, 2022 so a litte under 2.5 years left. Hopefully there will still be a province left to salvage by then.
They haven't budged on accepting the government's insane demands.
&gt;A few extra students in class ? INSANE!!! Uh no, it's a big deal. He wants to remove ECEs or the teacher themselves from Kindergarten classes and have it run by a single ECE. Right now Kindergarten classes are limited to 30 students, if it goes down to 1 staff that's 1 teacher/ECE to 30 students in kindergarten. That's insane. Have you tried to care for and teach a 4 or 5 year old? By yourself? Now imagine having to do that, but with 30 of them, at the same time, by yourself, every day, Monday to Friday. Terminating an ECE/teacher immediately doubles the student to teacher ratio in kindergarten, that's not "just a few extra students". Any parent who have had to deal with a 4/5 year old will tell you that's insane. And moving to mandatory online learning for high schoolers? They've also cut so much funding for high schools that many had to cancel courses at the last second this school year, many Grade 12 students have literally been fucked because the classes they need to get their OSSD isn't available anymore and they can't graduate this year as a result. These are all hugely detrimental to our education system and to the children of this province. But obviously
Is that even legal?
*Sigh* It's sad that I believe this will most likely happen.
One of my kids has delayed speech development, we went through their pediatrian and are in the system for public health for speech therapy... but public health's wait list is currently *10 months* long. Fortunately my spouse and I have coverage for private speech therapy so we'll have to end up doing that but again, for those who don't have that... fuck.
Oh, he's after the don't-have-to-actually-do-anything-other-then-yell-out-some-ignorant-and-bigoted-comments-every-so-often-vote.
When everyone turns crazy then the normal becomes the crazy.
Next UCP marketing campaign is selling the notion that crude oil cures cancer, cardiovascular diseases, and organ failure.
I've had some senior folks tell me about terrorist attacks in Toronto that never happened, in this specific example it was "yet another Muslim terrorist shooting in Toronto" because "that Trudeau kid is taking our guns away and giving them to all the Muslims he's inviting into our country". On the flip side, I've also had the unfortunate opportunity of conversing with other parents similiar to my age (mid-late 30's) who were very upset and adamant that schools shouldn't be allowed to teach our children to "treat homos like people". So... Sigh.
Yeah but this is nothing new, Chinese-Canadians and Chinese in Canada in general faced a lot of discriminatory reaction during SARS about 18 years back.
Majority is greater then 50%, he obtained 40.5% of the votes casted. He got the most votes yes, but not a majority of votes. Also if we want to get even more technical, only 56.6% of eligible voters in the province casted a vote so really only 22.9% of eligible Ontario voters voted for him.
I think part of it is they look south of the border and see how well the whole "let's go fucking balls out on the crazy" strategy is working for the Republicans and have decided to copy that playbook. Canadian politics emulate American politics with a bit of lag. Harper's rise to PM was very reminisicent of how Dubya got into power, and this past election had some of the vibes of Trump-Hilary especially with the calls to jail Trudeau and shit.
Look, I'm not going to defend the stupidity of Ontario voters who put this asshat in charge. Trust me, most of my family voted for or supported this buffoon and I take every opportunity to give them full shit for it, to the point that even some of them who have been die-hard Conservative voters for over 2 decades have regretted that they voted for him and as a result, actually did not vote for Scheer last October. With that said, you're still factually wrong claiming that a majority of voters voted for him.
If you have kids attending school, there multiple relatively easy avenues to show your support. If not, yeah you can show up at the picket lines and offer support. Always call and write your MPP and let them know how much the government is failing our children with the changes they want to impose on the education system.
Depends on the games, they just released new drivers that fixed the Vulkan issues on RDR2. I've had my 5700XT for 2 months now and I've had a handful of weird sudden to black screens that required a reboot and that's only limited to Disco Elysium... not much any other issues with that so far. But it seems pretty YMMV.
They are not. This is the playbook being utilized by Conservatives everywhere: * Step 1: Defund public services * Step 2: Watch services break down * Step 3: Claim services is broken * Step 4: Completely dismantle the service * Step 5: Privatize said services * Step 6: Profit* Notes: *Only if you're already wealthy
Jason Kenney: Fracked natural gas actually makes men more virile, I am proof!
Not just wealthy but also crooked as all out.
I understand where you're coming from. In my opinion, this is a case where both sides are wrong. It's pretty shitty for banks to impose that kind of onerous penalty that could really screw people. It's also the realtor's error and shooting herself in the foot by purchasing a home with mortgage terms she knows she can't afford unless she supplements her income or offsets the cost by renting out a portion of the property. So it's a case of the banks being shitty, and the realtor trying to live beyond her means. We should keep in mind that the bank likely put in a more onerous penalty in her mortage knowing full well that she's a higher risk customer... they've would done an examination of her financials prior to approving the mortage, so they likely knew quite well that she needed to successfully rent a portion of the property to be able to afford the mortgage payments.
Realistically, I don't think any traveling for pleasure even domestically will be permitted until 2021 at the earliest.
Even if the government starts laxing things, I think a lot of the tourism industry will stay clamped down or retrained for awhile yet. Even the big May 2-4 weekend here in Ontario with Ford saying people can go to their cottages, the cottage towns were still effectively shut down and even ran ads asking Toronto folks to please stay away for now.
I think the mentality for most people is this: you can protest, you can complain, it's your right, just don't do it in a way that makes me notice it other than hearing about it on the evening news.
I don't even understand the logic or mentality behind this guy. He's also the one who questioned if Dr Tam worked for Canada or China.
Considering that she keeps talking about her financial constraints, and that she **had no choice but to sell** as soon as there was **any** disruption to her finances, it's more than fair or reasonable to assume that finance was a key reason for her trying to sell back in November.
&gt;That doesn't mean she was out of money, she may have been trying to conserve what she had. That's not the issue, she clearly stated she can't *afford* the payments, immediately following any disruption. Regardless of how much money she has in the bank, that does not sound like someone who is competently servicing her debt.
AB = Kenney ON = Ford QC = Legault I wonder what all three have in common hrm...?
I'm Canadian. No body cares. It's politics. What the public think is irrelevent. It's the politicans and the ones pulling their strings in control. They do not care, they only care about power and riches and retaining it. Trump and the American government labelled Canada a national security threat to gain leverage over a trade dispute despite running the longest undefended border with Canada and having one of the closest relationships for over two centuries. None of it matters.
Trump also tried to block US companies from shipping PPEs to Canada, don't forget.
&gt; Trump isnt that stupid, is he? Do you really want to know the answer to that?
He did a really good job of cementing his status as "One of the Biggest Pieces of Shit in Canada" but he's just trying to run away with it now.
To be fair, the Japanese internment camps were 70 to 80 years ago, and the Chinese head tax about a century and Doug doesn't know how to count that high.
I was being sarcastic.
Is it really random when it's happening so often with increasing frequency? Even if you don't consider these to be systemic, they are definitely "deeply rooted".
Lots of police agencies are giving their officers ["warrior-style training"](https://www.motherjones.com/crime-justice/2020/05/bob-kroll-minneapolis-warrior-police-training/) that's being marketed to help cops survive but are really training cops to treat everything they see as a threat and to respond with excessive force. It's billed as a program to "help cops survive and go home for the end of each shift" but really it's turning them into hammers and seeing everything as a nail. A better moniker is to call it "fear-based training". Also no surprise that the cops who advocate for this are also MAGA hat wearers. No idea if this sorta thing is being offered to Canadian police officers but I wouldn't be surprised if some of them here have undergone it.
I'm almost thinking we need two-tiers of police now. Regularly armed cops wearing bulletproof vests everywhere do not need to respond to these kinds of calls, or calls to take someone ot CAMH, or calls about someone suspected to be using counterfit bills (the call that resulted in George Floyd's death). You have one tier of officers who are specially trained to assess the situation and de-escalate, I wouldn't even arm them with anything more then a pepper spray. If a stronger response is needed then they can call it in the regular cops. Having one type of officer respond to everything is clearly proving to not actually work anymore. We also need to hold people accountable too, people have tendency to escalate the situation right off the bat by over exaggerating the situation in their 911 calls, resulting in the cops coming in with guns-blazing when it's completely uncalled for. That's not to say the cops don't have to do their due-diligence, but if someone tells me they saw someone in a park armed with a knife, or even a gun, I'm going to be going in with a sense of heightened alert and caution, that's just natural. Edit: In this case, not blaming the mom, I'm referring to the Regis case where 4 calls were made to the police with at least one claiming she was armed with a knife and posing a threat. That caused the cops to be deployed *without* support workers, with would have happened as another one of the call was to transport Regis to CAMH... but the knife-call came in and protocol dictates that support workers will not be deployed unless the scene was determined to be secured. So emergency response need to re-examine their policies and protocols too.
There's been a fundamental shift in the way police are viewed, by the public and by themselves. It used to be considered a noble profession, like being a doctor or a fire fighter but police are kinda being excluded from that view now. Also, there's been an increasing issue of police departments not being able to retain officers... this creates a situation where the hiring and training standards and requirements are ever getting lower. Police increasingly don't see themselves as protectors of the public, but that they're this "thin-blue-line" between chaos and order, and they see the public as the source of that chaos... so it's now more of a "us vs them" attitude, and that's a problem. Their mission statement has changed from "to protect and serve the public" to "the keeping the public in line". They increasingly see the people they are to protect as the enemy, which helps widen the rift between them and the public, which makes it worse... it's a self-feeding loop.
Actually, during Ferguson, a number of military trainers and US army folks commented on how much more stringent training the military has compared to regular police. They noted that in Ferguson, there were numerous instants of police aiming and pointing their fire arms at demonstrators for any reason, in the military they're trained on a procedure called "escalation of force" in that they are not to point their fire arm at someone unless they're ready to pull the trigger. With that said, yes military training and law enforcement training are two entirely different things but the line's been blurred. Not to mention that the military are not trained or equiped for police actions, so if Trump thinks things will get better if he brings in the military, it's just going to ramp up and escalate the violence and the death toll.
Oh this is good.
Wasn't talking about this in case in reference to the knife. Was talking about the Regis case, 911 recieved four calls one of which the caller said Regis had a knife on her. But yes, police should not be dispatched on welling checks.
&gt; As a US veteran, I can't imagine following any orders to suppress American protesters. I really hope you're right, nothing would make me happier to be proven wrong. I'm just very pessimistic these days, especially with the way 2020 has gone, I take nothing for granted anymore and just assume the worst-case scenario.
Ah the UCP, continuing to be on the forefront as the nation's biggest twats.
Yes, brain farted
&gt;[Peterson also offers tacit support for another core incel belief. He endorses the idea that some men are being denied sex because other men are taking all the sex from women who are allowed to choose to give them that sex, and that if something could be done to prevent all this “having sex with people of your choosing” nonsense, some unlucky women would eventually have to settle for the incels. If we could just make that happen, these men would not have to be so “angry at God” and commit mass murder, the argument goes.](https://www.macleans.ca/opinion/the-context-of-jordan-petersons-thoughts-on-enforced-monogamy/)
Insert Pikachu shocked face
Insert Old Man Yells At Cloud JPEG
It's not double-speak. He considers allowing children to grow up as homosexuals without "treatment" as a form of child abuse. I bet you he would consider it the same as not vaccinating children (although I'm positive he's an anti-vaxxer). That's how twisted and fucked up he is. I just looked it up and of course he's a Seventh Day Adventist. I'm Christian (not Seventh Day) and jeebus he gives us all a shitty name and image.
He's gunning for the hard-religious-right-and-white vote.
No but him winning isn't the point, it's the party showing to the hard right wingers that they still have a presence and representation in the CPC so stick with the CPC instead of breaking off an forming another hard-right party and fracturing the right vote.
LEOPARDS ATE MY FUCKING FACE
&gt;The first thing we need to do in this country to eliminate systemic racism is to quit giving a major media platform to assholes who spew crap like this. That's going to be difficult if not impossible to do considering all of Canada's major media outlets are owned by right-leaning one percenters.
&gt;Have they spread it to their families or others? Article doesn't state how old the students are or what grade they're in but if they're in the lower grades (JK/SK to Grade 1 or 2), then absolutely 100% they've given it to their families. I have young kids in that age range, when one gets sick, it's never a question if the rest of the household will get sick, it's guaranteed to occur.
&gt;Public education is the great equalizer. Which to Conservatives, is backwards. Their very goal is to maintain and widen that socioeconomic divide.
No one who speaks German can be evil.
Spent many hours in high school with this game, damn I feel old. Also I distinctly remember that the game lists the amount of memory required for each map, because some of the maps were SO BIG that they needed a whopping 64MB of RAM. My friends and I actually forked over the big bucks to upgrade our PCs to 64MB of RAM just so we could play some of the largest maps in multiplayer.
You mean [this](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/12828ae05b54ad91160e64f96e58f5b42634f573/0_3_3000_1799/master/3000.jpg?width=1200&amp;quality=85&amp;auto=format&amp;fit=max&amp;s=5e27ed40074d82d9ef3a36354f48af72), or [this](https://arc-anglerfish-tgam-prod-tgam.s3.amazonaws.com/public/UTA546M4M5GN5LYHCVE5F27ILQ), or [this](https://www.straitstimes.com/sites/default/files/styles/article_pictrure_780x520_/public/articles/2017/02/14/pzinvanka14.jpg?itok=H9jcvtzY&amp;timestamp=1487015569), or how about [this](https://i0.wp.com/www.globalvillagespace.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/is-ivanka-trump-in-love-with-justin-trudeau-1024x1024.jpg)? Also, bet Trump [wasn't too happy about this one either](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/ba/e8/07/bae807aad77c4328e20a6db5b8f4489d.jpg).
Looks like the same vehicle that [Frederickton of all places](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/new-brunswick/armoured-police-vehicles-fredericton-spends-350k-miramichi-2-1.4004421) also got in 2017... if you think Halifax with a population of over 400,000 people getting one of these is ludicrous... Frederickton has a population of 60,000...
As a Christian, that image on their front page with their "Better Solutions for Life and Families" gives me the heebee jeebees cult-banner vibes.
MPs are working. They are conducting parliament sessions online. They are working. They are able to question Trudeau during these sessions, like regular in-person sessions. They are able to perform and do their jobs in online meetings the same as in-person. The claim that Trudeau staying with online sessions is him "hiding from accountability" is a laughable joke, and really it's a greater implication that the opposition doesn't know how to do their jobs. Not one single person has been able to provide any coherent reason as to why online session equals no accountability. It's an entirely false narrative the Cons are trying to perpetuate in a desperate attempt to come up with any criticism against Trudeau so they can remain in the spotlight and try to stay relevent. And comparing and equating a protest march against systemic racism to parliamentary sessions and putting them on the same level and footing? These are not the same or equal things.
Look at completed builds online, PCParksPicker is your best bet. This is a game, and it's not up to date on the parts available in-game plus the pricing for its parts are waaaaay off.
&gt;So they should just never be allowed to have sex? You realize they're allowed to have sex and that's not actually the issue right?
I mean, if they grew up in where they kind of system, culture, mentality, or whatever you want to call it is in-place and that's all they knew for most of their life, then in their view that's the norm even if it's to their disadvantage. For example, there's a reason why many women still support FGM in the countries and places that still practice it.
The first time I went on a date I was 24. Did not even lose my virginity until I was 28. P.S. I married the only person I ever dated. P.P.S. I went through a long period of depression partly caused by the belief that I'll die alone. But I never for a second blamed anyone for my situation or thought that any of the numerous women who rejected me owed me anything. So yeah, it's entirely possible to go through all this without falling into a toxic mentality and being radicalized.
They had it ready to go. If Trudeau didn't show up at the protests, they'll complain that he was invisible and doesn't care about racism in Canada. If he showed up, which he did, then they'll attack him for violating social distancing and making the pandemic worse. We've said this before and we'll say it again, nothing Trudeau does will ever be right in their eyes, they will try to find fault with everything he does.
Don't know what the culture is like now, but going through high school during the late 90's, the mentality as a guy was that you had either had to date a girl, or make it pretty clear to the other guys that you're interested in the girls at the school or was actively going after one of them or you risk being ostricized and branded as a loser or a homo which would completely nuke your social standing. Did not help that was also when American Pie came out and ushered in an era of teenage sex comedy movies that not only sold but also glorified that attitude and put it into the mainstream.
Yep, this is true even in infrastructure. I work in transportation, do a lot of contract work for MTO (Ontario Ministry of Transportation). We'll assess a rural highway for them and tell them it's in good condition and only needs a shave and pave to keep it going, but if it's end of the fiscal year and they have $$ left over they'll just ignore our advice and go and rebuild the whole damn thing cuz they gotta burn the cash. Even asked them about this once and they straight up told me if they don't spend all their money every year, they'll get less the next year.
Agree with this sentiment. With VR and a HOTAS, it is an *amazing* experience. If you have both, I would highly recommend ED. Otherwise, game is a trillion lightyears wide (literally) but less then a millimeter deep. You can certainly get lost just jumping around from system to system, but there's really not that much to do that isn't grindy as fuck. It got better when they revamped mining and you could farm void opals and make like 200 milliion an hour easy, but that's since been nerfed. You can still mine low temp diamonds which is still lucrative but not as lucrative as void opal farming was. But yeah, everything else about the game is just grind grind grind. You're either grinding (farming) materials, faction reputation, money, kills etc. You can do exploration which is less about farming but much more about thumb twiddling. I have ETS2 and it is way more enjoyable then this, space trucking really just involves you pointing your ship at your destination and hitting the frame shift drive on/off switch... there's nothing to do in between or even to look at because it's space and it's mostly black and empty. At least with ETS2 you have to pay attention to the road, to the traffic and there's actual scenery to look at. So yeah, if you have VR and a HOTAS, absolutely easy buy. Otherwise, you'll really need to think if you can get much out of this game.
As a Canadian, it is completely insane to me that elections in Georgia are completely under the responsibility of their Secretary of State who is an elected official and runs under specific party tickets. This is the textbook definition of conflict of interest. I know Kemp ran for Governor while as Secretary of State against Stacy Abrams and refused to step down during the election... as he ran IN THE election and ran THE election at the same time and this was totally allowed how the fuck. In Canada, the election organs in our governments operately separately and independently of party politics and the administration in control.
Harper's been running the show since the merger and he's still pulling the strings on the Scheer puppet behind the scenes now... MacKay looks and sounds exactly like another mouthpiece so we know he's going to get the leadership.
I got the Nitro+ back in December, it's a good card but I kind of regret it now. Made the jump to AMD after like 20 years with Nvidia and while AMD's drivers have gotten better in the last few months, still not up to par with Nvidia. Also, VR performance is disappointing. It was a decent upgrade from my 1070 but not the big jump I was hoping for. The 5700 XT is a good card don't get me wrong, but maybe my fault for expecting more from it and from AMD. I'm using it for now but soon as Ampere comes out I'm snagging a 3080 or 3070 to replace it right away.
Throw a wrench in the machine then blame the machine for not functioning properly or efficiently.
I recall Commissioner Lucki being appointed to reform the RCMP... looks like she's already failed.
Honestly, if the rest of the RCMP leadership can't handle the truth then they shouldn't be leading the RCMP and should all be fired and removed anyway. If leadership can't accept the existence of a problem then what chance is there they will actually address it?
They don't need to and they know it. The CPC are freaking out because Trudeau and the Libs are doing well in the polls for their handling of COVID. CPC is grasping at straws because there's nothing for them to criticize so they're trying to sell this as an "accountability" issue because they literally can't think of anything else.
"Fuck you, that's why." - Conservatives
Same, I work in engineering consulting, been in this industry for a decade and a half and have worked for three different companies. It's all the same. We're effectively not allowed to go over 44 hours a week in our time sheets, if we do, we're supposed to the hours over 44 to the following week's time sheet. In my entire time in the industry, I've only been allowed to put more then 44 hours on my timesheet exactly ONCE ever. Every other time, it's put it in the following week's time sheet. If you go over 44 without supervisor approval, you get an angry note from HR and will almost certainly get your timesheet rejected. Even if you get supervisor approval, if you go over 44 hours for several weeks in a row, you'll be put on the HR shit-list regardless and your department and supervisor will get in trouble. If you're a field technician, you're usually super busy in the summer and fall, and have little to no work in the winter/spring. So what those guys will do is bank as much time as they can up to 44 hours, then record all the extra hours they work so in the winter/spring they just put those hours into their timesheet and not work, but it's pretty rare for them to get overtime. I know one time one of our techs put in 120 hours over a span of two weeks, and the supervisor allowed him to put that in his time sheet, and we got a warning from HR on behalf upper management that our team would incur financial penalties if that continued and we were "strongly encouraged" to look for alternative means of recording that time. This is standard practice across the board.
Absolutely, it's total bullshit. Now that I'm a project manager, I'm trying to change this practice, I tell my guys if they go over 44, charge over 44 (although I've gotten in trouble for this). The companies I work at also say to our technicians that they can't charge driving time if they're going to site... fuck that noise, I tell my techs to fully charge their time for driving to and from a job site.
At the company I was at for 10 years, every year for the last 4 years I'd hear the exact same thing from our department leader which is "you've done really well, and have exceeded all our expectations again, but we didn't make much money this year so we can't give you more then a 3% raise, be thankful for that because many people aren't getting raises this year" Then 2 months later during our annual financial review, we'll find out our team shattered all previous records for net revenue and our department lead shows up to work in a shiny new car... EVERY. YEAR.
The issue is that it's not a choice. Employees should have the option to put in their OT hours as OT, or lieu-time off. But they are not given that choice, they are being told that they are only allowed to be given lieu-time off, which is better then nothing but they're losing the 1.5x OT rate they are entitled to.
&gt;What doesn't seem right to me is seeing one guy putting in 80-100 hours a week getting the same compensation as the the guy working 40. Yep, it's a serious issue. Also, I get that the person who works that many hours for free sometimes is just doing their best and want to do a good job (I've been there, trust me), but their actions are also screwing the people who can or only wants to work 40 hours a week because they know they won't get OT. It's not malicious but it creates a difficult situation because it makes the other engineers look bad if they're "only" pulling in 40 or 45 hours a week versus 50 or 60.
No surprise, Ford's been shitting on education and healthcare from day 1, so he's been going after teachers and nurses hard. What's hilarious is when teachers asked for a 2% raise, many people especially the Cons slammed them for being overpaid, lazy and entitled. But no one peeps a squeak when cops get paid more and get their 2% raise and they spend most of their time chilling in their cruisers with the AC on full blast or go out of their way to get recorded on video brutalizing the public. Teachers only got 1% too by the way.
Ford and Lecce tried to take credit for this as well, they boasted about how they've provided tens of thousands of iPads to students who needed them and implied the province spent a ton of $$ to do this. I'm not sure what the actual number of tablets provided were but the province did not drop an extra nickel on anything. My wife's school sent every tablet they had in their inventory to students who needed them because they don't have access to technology at home and it wasn't remotely close to being enough to provide for every student and many were still left out.
This looks interesting, I only really saw the annoucement trailer but does anyone know if there's plans to implement VR in this game? Looks like it'll be perfect for VR.
Peter McKay cannot tell the difference between being in a pandemic and being on the Canadian homefront during WWII.
The sad reality is that it actually kinda comes down to that because I guarantee you that a very significant portion of the Canadian population will never vote for a non-white non-Christian person who wears a turban to be the Prime Minister.
For every person who is improvished and works hard and succeeds, there are several hundred more in that same situation who worked just as hard and will never succeed because the game is thoroughly rigged against them. But that's the great deception isn't it? The rich and wealthy and powerful have rigged the game against us. They let one or two through every so often to keep up the illusion that the system isn't rigged to keep the populace compliant and placated.
Yep. We are our own worse enemy.
When has the threat of lengthy court battles ever detered Doug Ford? That's basically been his entire legacy up until COVID-19. He's been the Lawsuit Premier, so much so that he wanted to put enact legislation that wouldn't allow the Ontario government to be sued.
It's both. You can highlight this in Quebec, where in 2015 the NDP won 16 seats but went down to 1 seat in 2019. Meanwhile the Libs went from 40 to 35 seats and CPC went from 12 to 10 seats in that province with the Bloc taking all the gains. The Libs and CPC had no effective no change in Quebec but the NDP got devastated? What changed? Singh. You can't tell me that change wasn't partially or significantly due to racial and/or religious motivation.
&gt;it's getting worse, and it's picking up speed Just wanted to provide my own perspective on this. I'm an engineer in my mid to late 30's. The senior engineers I work with who are in their mid to late 50's, these guys all get paid more then double that I do. I did the math and based on what I currently make, I'll have to work until I'm 70 to reach their current salary level, and that's just straight dollar number, not factoring dollar value in terms of inflation... and that's assuming I get a 3% raise every year (which I won't). On the other end of the spectrum, I look at the guys I work with who are in their mid to late 20's and their salaries in terms of dollar numbers are either the exact same, or even lower, then mine when I was at their age and level of experience. If you factor in inflation they're making quite a bit less then I was. Once you factor in inflation and cost of living, and it becomes very clear that this is not sustainable.
&gt;That population for the most part is aging, and younger generations are more open minded That's kind of debateable, is the younger generation less racist? Most likely. Are they significantly less racist? I'm not sure of the extent of that. I can tell you that as someone who was born into a Christian family and grew up in the church and still attends, I regularly meet people my age (mid to late 30's) or even younger who still hold incredibly antiquated views on race, gender and religion, much to my shock. These kinds of ideal are not close to dying off, maybe they are less relevent but they are not going away any time soon.
I don't disagree but I don't have as much of a rosey outlook as you I guess. I want to point out that this isn't an issue of whites being racist against Singh. There are plenty of other ethnic groups in Canada who dislike brown folks.
There's a lot of differences but no, it's not a completely different plane from the Hornet considering the Super Hornet literally uses the a slightly upsized version of the Hornet airframe. End of the day, Super Hornet is significantly closer to the Hornet then the F35 is, and the Super Hornet on its own has a far better proven track record then the F35 especially in the ground-strike role which is really what the Canadian Armed Forces uses its fighter craft for.
I miss Jack.
Nothing more then theatrics designed to reinforce the Conserative narrative that all of Alberta's woes are due to Trudeau and the federal Liberals.
It's changed. I'm born early 80's. In both elementary and high school they'll play the national anthem on the PA every morning after second bell (first bell is to tell you to get your ass to class). No one ever sang it. In elementary school we'll stand up when it was played out of respect. In high school no one ever really payed attention... most we'll do is stop what we're doing and wait until it's done. They don't even play it regularly anymore as you said, now it's only for specific occasions. I don't know when this occurred, but my wife (who is a public school teacher) said it's been like this for awhile so probably happened not too long after I finished high school.
Quick summary of the pertinent points from this article: &gt;And the chair of Chartwell's Board of Directors? It's none other than former Ontario premier Mike Harris. His tenure in the position dates back to at least 2004 according to online records. He was premier of Ontario from 1995 to 2002. &gt;The rest of Chartwell's corporate directors come from big banks, real estate, tax, audit and investment corporations. It's a full list of corporate heavy weights without a single health-care or seniors' representative. &gt;Harris has profited a lot from his **part-time boardroom-based job with Chartwell**. According to Martin Regg Cohn, writing in the Toronto Star, Harris was paid $229,500 last year. &gt;The Star also reports that "Harris had more than $7 million in Chartwell holdings at the end of 2019 (its last fiscal year) -- nincluding $4.29 million in 'deferred trust units' (akin to shares) that reflect his accumulated compensation over the years (deferred until retirement)." According to the article, Chartwell's communications department and a forensic chartered accountant verified these numbers. And to add to that, Harris as Premier of Ontario ignored a law passed by the previous Bob Rae NDP government to establish a public long-term care system for the province and instead opened the doors to and increase privatization of this industry... and then was effectively given an incredibly well-paying cushy part time position on the board of the largest private LTC provider in the country two years after stepping down from provincial politics. Yeah, absolutely nothing questionable going on here at all.
&gt;The union was told the number of mandatory statutory holidays would be reduced from nine days to three: Christmas, Good Friday and Canada Day. &gt;The two-year pilot project proposed by the government would allow retail shops to open on those six extra days in order to help with COVID-19 recovery and changes would be made to the Retail Businesses Holidays Act, according to the Union. Two year "PILOT PROJECT", or "we'll call it that for two years until the next provincial election, discontinue it during the election then make it permanent after we win another majority". So the six days that are lost is New Year Day, Family Day, Victoria Day, Labour Day (ironic), Thanksgivings, and Boxing Day. ~~Also keep in mind what this *actually* means, because many retail stores already operate on many of these days, but with this change the stores do not need to pay the employees who work on these days the 1.5x rate for working on a holiday. This change will benefit business owners and only business owners. Many front line workers who already work on these days on a regular basis now get shafted out of their 1.5x holiday pay.~~ Edit: Issue of holiday pay not clear, still provided under ESA. Not sure about lieu time off, that's also not clear so removed. It did not take long for these shit bags to return to form. FUCK FORD.
Does it not impact pay? Because the article doesn't mention it. Depends on the day, I think I got a bit confused, apparently the civic holiday in August is not a mandatory stat holiday. Either way, not a fan. As noted in the article, for many front-line retail workers, these 9 days are the only days in a year they're guaranteed to have off and now they want to cut it down to 3. I don't see how that's labour friendly. Especially bad in the case of Labour Day that's you know, to celebrate labour, and Thanksgiving that we're supposed to spend with our families.
None of that is guaranteed. The ESA can be easily amended to exempt front line retailer workers from 1.5x holiday pays or being able to take time in lieu. OPC can easily make those changes as they have a majority. The ESA already exempts a laundry list of employees from OT and holiday pay, and even vacation days or sick days (I'm an engineer and I'm not legally entitled to any of these under the ESA). It's not click-baity at all, Ford and the OPC has definitively proven they are not on the side of labour. They've already taken away the two paid sick-days all Ontario workers were entitled to every year, as well as removed the laws that were put into to reduce the gender pay gap and oh yeah, he killed the provisions that banned employers from requiring female employees to wear high heels to work. Based on their previous actions and their attitude, neither Ford nor anything from that party can be given the benefit of the doubt.
Not twisting facts, I clearly was confused on a few points, clarification and discussion to clear things up is all good. But end of the day, doesn't change the fact that its still another attack on labour by Ford and the OPC. Anyways, edited my initial post to reflect that. And no, we're already different from MC and better then them because we don't shit on people because they're poor.
Honestly, much of Canada outside the urban areas and major cities is pretty racist. Even rural Ontario, pretty fucking racist.
&gt;but this current ruling is not affecting ESA just the ability for businesses to open. And again given Ford and OPC's track record, that doesn't mean anything considering that is something they can easily change as well.
ESA can easily be amended to exempt front-line retail workers like it already does for many other types of employees. There's no ressaurance here, and given Ford and OPC's track record, it's more then likely this is just the first step.
I don't disagree with that, and the Cons say a lot of shitty things too.
Call me cynical but I find it hard to believe this would actually happen on a widespread level. I can see it being an outliar but it'll be the exception and far from the rule. We already have another article from yesterday that talks about how people permanently working from home should be paid less. The vast majority of companies are all too happy to squeeze every last drop penny out of their employees. They won't be satisfied until every employee worked a hundred hours a week for free.
I'd wish, but as an engineer, almost no one will be willing to do this, and the few who do will just lose their jobs. In Ontario, we are exempt from the Employment Standards Act... we're not entitled to anything or almost any form of labour protection.
How so? Because Trudeau didn't close the border to Americans for another 5 days after it was closed to everyone else? That wasn't optics. That was to prevent Trump from throwing a tantrum and screwing us even further. It's shitty that politics has to play into things like that but we are dealing with a giant baby running one of the most economically power countries in the world.
Yes. Trudeau's initial resistance to closing the border was wrong. But would it have mattered if his stance on it earlier was different? Nope. The vast majority of COVID infections in Canada came from the United States. Had Trudeau closed the border with America early on and unilaterally, there would have been repercussions by Trump. I don't disagree that mistakes were made on this side of the border, but even had things been done differently by Canada, it wouldn't have mattered that much when you have the country with one of the worst infection rates in the world next to you who decides that COVID isn't a problem or that it even exists.
Yes. If Trump decided to retailate by completely closing the border to even commerical traffic, the reprecussions would have been immense. Canada imports a lot of food from the US especially during the winter. If he pulled the trigger on that back in January or February, food shortages would have been a real problem, not to mention the immense damage to our economy. &gt;What, in your opinion, is an appropriate number of sacrificed Canadian lives to please mighty Cheeto? I don't know, that's not my job. Again, I don't disagree that mistakes were made here. I am however pointing out that had things even been done differently, the outcome may not have changed anyway. This is a situation where there's no way to win, you just try to limit the damage best you can. Again, it's completely shitty that we have to play politics in a pandemic but that is reality and the human race for you.
https://www.ctvnews.ca/business/canadians-working-from-home-permanently-should-expect-salary-changes-experts-1.4993449
And in reality, salaried workers work far more hours then their salary is actually based on so their actual "rate" ends up being much worse.
I don't think it's just a conservative problem. Our capitalist society and system just doesn't allow for something like that to happen.
&gt;I find your fixation on the American border telling, considering the article doesn't focus on that at all. It's not so much a fixation as much as fact that most of the infections came from the US. Imposing a travel ban on people coming from China and Iran *might* have delayed it a bit but reality is that we would've still been hit just as hard without an earlier travel ban on folks coming in from the US. Australia and NZ's situation is completely different from ours. Their main source of infection was from China. Ours was from the US and even Europe. The article is ignoring this very critical context. Again, I don't disagree that Trudeau could've handled this better and that Canada's response could've been faster but travel bans, unless it was a general travel ban against ALL countries, wouldn't have mattered as much as things like telling people to wear masks much earlier on. Here's an article that details this further (from NaPo of all places): https://nationalpost.com/news/politics/canadas-early-covid-19-cases-came-from-the-u-s-not-china-provincial-data-shows &gt;OTTAWA — The global COVID-19 pandemic began in Wuhan, China, but data from Canada’s largest provinces show it was American travellers, not Chinese, who brought the deadly virus to our shores. &gt;Despite this evidence, the federal government brought in travel restrictions on China first and American border restrictions were the last to be put in place. If you look at the graphs in that article, between Jan 15 to Apr 16, of the 1201 cases of infection in Ontario between those dates, 404 came from the US, followed by 126 from the UK. So a full third came from the US and almost 30% from Europe. Cases from China doesn't even make the graph and only 19 came from Iran. If you look below that breaks down Quebec's cases, you'll see it's the same except that Europe makes up an even larger proportion. If you want to criticize Trudeau, criticize him for not closing the border to Europeans and Americans fast enough.
Yeah and they've just found ways to go about enforcing their slavery without using force... by subverting the law. I dunno, sure it's been done in the past, I just don't have that kind of optimism whatsoever anymore.
Of course, I realize that and know plenty who are salaried and don't do overtime and don't get exploited because they're always my bosses who make way more money then I do and do far less work because they exploit me and my underpaid colleagues.
Are you surprised to bring presents to these things? I've never been to one or had one, seems silly to me, they hadn't fully taken hold yet when my friends and I started having kids. I've had colleagues who have held one or gone to one and some of them have had to bring gifts to these... so to me it's possibly another excuse to milk gifts out of people.
I mean when I used to play WoW, my main was a human male paladin, once I got him up to 60 I started an alt which was a female night-elf priestess and I can vouch that I got much nicer treatment from random toons with her then I did my main. I could literally stand around for a minute or two in Ironforge and in that span have 2 or 3 random people run up to me and give me gold and random items for no reason and entirely unsolicited. Of course those same people would then pester me to join their party/guild or add them to my friends list.
You mean a new career because the engineering industry is all like this. I'm on my third company in 3 years and they're all like this now because there's so little competition due to consolidation. At least my current job is better then my last one where I was salaried and routinely expected to work for free either in the evening or weekends, and my reward for doing that was no bonus and no raise due to not making money on any of those projects because my bosses did not price them properly because they wanted to make sure we won them in the bidding process. So the only way I could remotely come close to meeting their insanely low budgets was to work on the jobs for free on my own time. Of course, the lucrative projects that DID make money my bosses would hog them for themselves and refuse to give them to anyone else (to manage) because that way they get to keep their bonuses and raises. Or if I was allowed to work on them it's because they "asked very nicely" for me to work on them on the weekend for free so they can get their bonus/raises and I get squat. I didn't last too long at that job.
Wow, Markham has a HUGE Chinese population, probably one of the largest outside of Toronto proper.
They've been doing it here in Canada since last year.
Also an inability to admit that maybe, just maybe, you might be wrong, or that you didn't make the best choice.
To be fair, the voting public in general, even in Canada, are not that smart. Even in Ontario, Doug Ford's approval rating has rebounded quite a bit and he's back to being neck in neck with the Ontario Liberals again. People's memories are short and fickled.
It's less then CERB though, his $2K is spread out over 6 weeks with $500 every two weeks.
Same, started introducing division/multiplication in grade 3, got into in grade 4. However my parents taught me how to do all that stuff in grade 1 already. But my kid started learning basic multiplication in grade 1 so I guess that's changed too.
Liked for OG Wing Commander reference.
Conservatives: TRUDEAU IS AVOIDING ACCOUNTABILITY... because we don't show up to hold him accountable
Slight adjustment to your metaphor. They decided to sneak out to Costco during business hours and missed an important call *after* screaming and bitching about someone else sneaking out to Costco during business hours and missed an important call even though they actually didn't.
Facebook takes pride in not censoring anything other then straight-up explicit threats to murder someone maybe. Otherwise [the Zuck is steadfast on kissing Trump's behind](https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2020/06/mark-zuckerberg-donald-trump/).
Yeah but if every class from Grade 1 to 8 in an elementary school is going to be taking up programming, most schools will need more computers then they currently have, which means more $$ and "giving schools more funding" is something one says to make Ford and Lecce laugh until they're doubled over and in tears. The idea is nice, but it's nothing more then cheap PR for Ford unless he actually backs it up with tangible and material support.
You completely missed the part of the post saying: &gt;Bottom line, regular police officers should not be the first ones dispatched for **wellness or check-in calls.** If a call comes in indicating that there's an armed person involved in the situation, an armed police officer can also be dispatched. If the call doesn't provide that information and the peace officer and mental health officer shows up and sees that is the actual situation, they can back off and call for armed reinforcement. This is what is known as "escalation of force", the response is escalated as the situation dictates. Armed police officers should not be dispatched for wellness or mental health calls. That's like asking a surgeon to use a machete instead of a scalpel to make a small precision cut. It's the wrong tool plus the fact that police officers everywhere are clearly not trained or qualified to respond to mental health situations.
Every day it gets more and more difficult to retain any kind of faith in humanity.
I dunno, I got it the second week after it came out and haven't had a lot of issues with bugs, game has run pretty good and the devs churn out updates and patches like no tomorrow.
I wished we knew her even less
My wife told me one of the students in the school she works in is a Syrian refugee. The kid is struggling on so many fronts due to the language barrier and the extreme trauma he's suffered but he's not at all violent and presents no harm to anyone. They don't know exactly what happened to him other then that his parents were murdered right in front of him and he witnessed it, and surviving relatives helped get him out of the country. The staff have been doing their best to help him but the one specialist in their school who is trained to deal with childhood trauma and mental illnesses was one of the first people to be let go under Doug Ford's and Lecce's education spending cuts so there's that.
The $5,000 fine is to deter the poor or average person or people from doing it. But it absolutely will not faze the rich/wealthy or the well-backed interest groups.
I think initially it made sense because everyone's trying to be more cautious but I think that's something stores can start dialing back on now.
Same. I decline the bags, throw everything back in the cart after paying, go out to my car and then pack everything into my reusables there. Not sure why that is so difficult. Only downside is if you're getting fewer items and you're using a hand basket instead of a cart cuz you can't take the basket with you... so I guess just use a cart in any case.
There was a lot of unknowns about how long the virus can survive on different surfaces/materials. There's a potential someone who is sick could bring the virus in on a bag, and the bag could touch something like a piece of fruit and spread it that way. The person could be very careful and be wearing a mask and gloves but the contaminated bag would offset it. Or you put your contaminated bags in a cart, which contaminates the cart and spreads that way. I don't see that being unreasonable at the time. I'll rather everyone be overcautious and overreact in the early stages.
You're missing the point. Not bringing in reusable bags was one component of a system set up to reduce spread. Banning reusable bags *alone* won't reduce spread, but as part of a system? It could help. At a minimum, it doesn't hurt anyone. Which is why I really don't understand why you're so opposed to it as there's literally no downside to doing so. &gt;I would rather decisions based on evidence and facts. I 100% agree and this is absolutely the way to do things. But the reality is that the number of 100% verified facts regarding COVID-19 is quite low relatively speaking. So in that sense, being overcautious is the correct approach.
Yeah you're pretty much [wrong](https://www.thestar.com/politics/federal/2020/04/13/document-reveals-why-canada-sent-protective-equipment-to-china-as-covid-19-threat-was-growing.html) on all counts here. &gt;A Jan. 31 email written by Public Health Agency of Canada chief of staff Marnie Johnstone indicates Health Minister Patty Hajdu had offered “notional agreement” to donate supplies that were due to **expire in February and March.** &gt;In the memo, Johnstone wrote, “We have some stock in national emergency stockpile (incl stuff that is expiring in feb and March) that we are able to donate **without compromising Cdn supply.** Also important to note: &gt;At the time, Canada had only four confirmed cases of COVID-19, while China had more than 14,000 cases and the virus had spread to 26 countries. The World Health Organization had declared a global public health emergency, but had not yet designated it as a pandemic. The logic was that it was to help fight it in China before it really spread into a global pandemic. Of course it didn't work because now we all know it was much worse then anyway was aware and that it had already spread considerably by then but that was the information the officials had back in late-Jan to early-Feb and hindsight is always 20/20.
The media in Canada primary gives the limelight to either the Conservatives or Liberals and mostly ignores the NDP and Green so that really shouldn't come as a surprise.
Most comment sections on the internet is just that, a massive shit show
Because both the Libs and the Cons on a federal level and every other party on a provincial level have made "minority governments" a bad word because they all want their own majority, so they sell minority governments as a bad thing, that they are unstable and dysfunctional to try to discourage vote splitting. The hilarity is that if you look at many many many of the countries around the world including some of the major economy powerhouses and you'll see that minority coalition governments are pretty much a fact of life and in actuality function very well if not better then governments dominated entirely by a single party or organization.
I mean I get all the issues and what you're saying, I really do and I agree these issues need more attention and awareness but at the same time, c'mon. Are we *not* allowed to celebrate anything anymore? Are we *not* allowed to have any kind of positivity anymore? You can still love and celebrate a country while still acknowledging it's issues and flawed past. If that's what you want to do on Canada Day, then by all means, but if you think we should all repurpose the *one day* in a year we actually celebrate our country then c'mon.
"TRIGGER-nometry" LOL
In addition to masks, can we PLEASE keep social distancing as well?? For example, I was at Ikea on the weekend and something I noticed in the line to return something were people blatantly disregarding the big giant sticker on the floor in front of the counters that says STAND HERE, and instead standing up right against the counter, with their head poking around the plexiglass shield protecting the worker to talk to the worker, thereby completely defeating the purpose of having the plexiglass shield and the social distancing sticker. Not to mention that about half the people there weren't even wearing masks or any kind of face covering. GOOD JOB IDIOTS. I feel so sorry for the workers who have to deal with this shit.
Fortunately it's not as ridiculous here as it is south of the borders, but yeah it's still enough of a problem in Canada.
I am in the Toronto area and it's hit and miss depending where you go. Honestly, I went to Costco before Ikea and I'd say easily 90% of people were wearing masks going into the store, once in the store it was probably a bit higher since they're handing masks out at the entrance. But the Ikea just down the road from Costco? Muuuuuuuuuch lower. Like what?
No, it's not that they can't afford to pay the people who actually make them money, it's much worse then that. It's that they actively and willing choose to not pay the people who actually make them money in order to pay their shareholders.
Actually it's more like a social safety net so people aren't forced to choose between starving or working for a slave wage in slavery-like conditions, especially in this day and age where the people who would benefit most from basic income are the ones most likely to work jobs that have the least protection and puts them at some of the highest risk of being infected with COVID. But yeah, let's just toss a red herring in there and call it a day.
Ah sorry, we're all in agreement.
&gt;These long term health issues seem to be in a very minority of cases based on the information available. Are you sure about that [very minority](https://www.vox.com/2020/5/8/21251899/coronavirus-long-term-effects-symptoms)? &gt;The UK National Health Service assumes that of Covid-19 patients who have required hospitalization, 45 percent will need ongoing medical care, 4 percent will require inpatient rehabilitation, and 1 percent will permanently require acute care. **Lung Scarring** &gt;On CT scans, while normal lungs appear black, Covid-19 patients’ lungs frequently have lighter gray patches, called “ground-glass opacities” — which may not heal. &gt;One study from China found that this ground-glass appearance showed up in scans of 77 percent of Covid-19 patients. In another study out of China, published in Radiology, 66 of 70 hospitalized patients had some amount of lung damage in CT scans, and more than half had the kind of lesions that are likely to develop into scars. (A third study from China suggests this is not just for critically ill patients; its authors found that of 58 asymptomatic patients, 95 percent also had evidence of these ground-glass opacities in their lungs. More than a quarter of these individuals went on to develop symptoms within a few days.) **Strokes, Embolism and Bloodclotting** &gt;Although strokes are more typically seen in older people, strokes are now being reported even in young Covid-19 patients. In Wuhan, China, about 5 percent of hospitalized Covid-19 patients had strokes, and a similar pattern was reported with SARS. &gt;In younger people who have strokes, mortality rates are relatively low compared to those who are older, and many people recover. But studies show only between 42 and 53 percent are able to return to work. &gt;Blood clots can also cut off circulation to part of the lungs, a condition known as a pulmonary embolism, which can be deadly. In France, two studies suggest that between 23 and 30 percent of people with severe Covid-19 are also having pulmonary embolisms. I don't know about you, but those all seem to be very significant numbers especially considering how infectious SARS-CoV-2 is, I would hardly call these figures a "very minority" and would not dismiss them so easily.
&gt;The first line of your quote from the article specifically says it is only for those patients that require hospitalization, who themselves are the very minority of total case. Basically you made my point for me that the minority of the very minority of people that are hospitalized from COVID are seeing long term health effects. Actually you completely misintrepret that because what that means is we don't have lab testing data or results for people who weren't hospitalized. We know that many people went to hospitals but most were sent home to self-isolate anyways. We have no data collected to know if those cases became more severe and developed long-term ill-effects as a result. We *cannot* assume those who weren't hospitalized didn't develop long-term health issues because even people who reported relatively mild symptoms and weren't hospitalized still took many many months to recover and still suffer from reduced lung capacity and/or heart issues. So what numbers we DO have are just the starting or base line number and that whatever the actual number is, it's higher then what we do have, so calling it a "very minority" is simply not a good assumption to make.
Your link is just takes you to a WHO page that shows you how to wear a mask safely so I am not certain how that contributes to the point you're making.
It's true, the rich's piss contains more vital nutrients then the urine of the poor.
Hi, as a fellow glass-wearer, I suffered the same issue especially back in March and even early April when the weather was still quite cool and going out with a mask on meant that every breath I took would fog up my glasses. But there's actually a pretty [simple solution using soap and water you can use to prevent your glasses from fogging up](https://www.cnn.com/2020/05/05/health/how-to-de-fog-glasses-wearing-mask-wellness-trnd/index.html). It works for me so I would definitely suggest it for your case.
It's like seat belts. They can't eliminate the risk of you dying in a car accident, but they can drastically reduce it. So if that means not wearing a selt belt when you're driving is considered stupid (and illegal), then why wouldn't the same go for wearing masks?
In all honestly, it's so easy to ignore and glance over your own problems when you have such a giant shitshow of a neighbour.
Yeah this is something that people need to understand. &gt;According to the government’s online database of government contracts, WE Charity has received five federal contracts worth a total of $120,000 since March 2017. Four of the five contracts have been in the last 15 months, with the most recent — and largest, until now, at $40,000 — dated January 2020. That's... not really that much of an issue, if it even is one. I work in engineering consulting and do work primarily for public agencies (MTO, various Ontario regions and municipalities) and they all have rules that for contracts under a certain value (like say $50,000) they can sole source it without going to an open bid. This is pretty much standard across the board. I'd say the optics may not look great but again, it's probably overblown. And there are standard conflicts of interest rules that are in play, as long as those protocols were followed I don't see an issue. I used to work at a company where one of the managers would bid on contracts for a government agency his wife worked as a manager for, in those cases his wife would recluse herself from the proposal review process and not be involved at all, and we can still win jobs from said government agency. As long as the proper procedures were followed then again, no problems.
The VIP rooms at Cineplex are kinda worth it, much smaller room and very luxerious seating, plus decent food and alcohol drinks... but adults only... it'll run you $70-80 for tickets and food/drink for two people but the experience is substantially better and again, almost worth the cost.
My wife who is a school teacher already mentioned some of these details to me including the cohorting of students, so grouping students to only one teacher, and having one teacher assigned to 2 groups and they rotate on different days and weeks. I told her this is pointless, because it doesn't reduce chance of infection because you still have a common transmission point between the different student groups which is the teacher themselves. If one group is infected and they infect the teacher, the teacher will just infect the other group even if you rotate on a weekly basis because you need at least 2 weeks. Doug Ford and Lecce are being cheap asses because they want to implement all these extra measures without increasing funding by a single cent nor allow hiring of anymore teachers.
