&gt;What is the best approach to tell him that I am not a robot and I also like small talk. ISTJs *are* robots, and we *abhor* small talk. You're annoyed that an ISTJ is not engaging in a thing that annoys us. Tough shit.
It's a bottle made out of plastic.
OK, found your problem. If you want/need to "look after" an ISTJ or show that you care, you don't make small talk. If you can find out what this ISTJ's interests/hobbies are and get him/her talking about those, you've got a chance. Talking about interests and hobbies is not small talk. It's engaging our actual interests, which constitutes, let's call it "big talk," since it's the opposite of small talk. If you do try this and find it unsuccessful, then you should try to respect the ISTJ's boundaries and keep your relationship strictly professional, regardless of your desire to become friends, or whatever it is you're trying to do.
Did you ever watch "Parks &amp; Recreation"? I didn't, but thanks to Internet memes, I've become familiar with a character from that show named Ron Swanson. I very much like Ron Swanson. He said something on the show that addresses this very well: "The less I know about other people's affairs, the happier I am. I'm not interested in caring about people. I once worked with a guy for three years and never learned his name. Best friend I ever had. We still never talk sometimes."
Now \*this\* is a good way to start the new year. I can think of better, but there are too many miles of Internet in the way...
There really is an XKCD for everything, isn't there?
Dat thigh slit, doe...
But are you experiencing the thrill of the fight?
Those eyes *definitely* belong in this sub.
....And 6:01 PM. Time to crime, boys! Let's do it! ...8:00 AM. Oy! Stop the criming, boys! Let's cheese it before the coppers show up!
Those are pretty cool. Some form of heterochromia, although central may be too specific to cover it.
Fast talking = Rapid-fire bullshittery.
I actually assumed that they were making a joke, which is why I said: &gt;I'm reasonably certain you're making a joke
Based on this pic and the last one you posted, I'd have pegged you for being no older than 25.
It's not, but as an ISTJ who greatly enjoys setting off fireworks, I can easily spend $1000 in fireworks, and I have.
Because I'm pretty?
Everyone may like Sprite, but I'm nobody, so I don't like Sprite. Would still drink one from her, though.
Yes. Source: I put the "pro" in "procrastinate," and I am a ISTJ.
No. A lot of people are thin-skinned snowflakes who can't take the slightest criticism, constructive or otherwise, without having a complete meltdown.
You would also do well in /r/FreckledGirls.
1. I *wish* I could go to sleep at 10PM, but I can't. 2. I don't believe I have ever dressed like that in my entire life.
Jeans, t-shirt, button-up shirt (flannel for light jacket in winter, short-sleeve in summer) left open, steel-toe work boots.
PET THE PUPPY!!!!!!
Yes, I know where my food comes from. I also know what my food eats and what it should eat. Properly managed pasture-raised, grass-fed domestic beef herds result in better meat and healthier grassland ecosystems without having to feed the herd supplemental grains and legumes. Hogs can be fed quite amply on kitchen scraps (including meat) and their own forage, neither of which require specific growing of feed. Chickens will eat very nearly anything, including bugs and even mice. In fact, they need protein to produce quality eggs, and letting them forage bugs and small rodents is actually healthier for them than feeding them grain. Goats will eat very nearly anything, but they love weeds and consider poison ivy to be a delicacy. Wildlife, such as deer, will overpopulate, overeat, and then starve themselves out of an area in repeating cycles, which is also damaging to both the plant and other animal life in the local ecosystem. Responsible hunting can keep herd sizes more properly matched to the local ecosystem, and game meat tastes far superior to anything you're going to buy in the store. Additionally, there are people out there who *can't* eat a 100% plant based diet due to medical conditions. I'm one of them. There are vegetables I can eat, but most of them cause severe negative reactions. So you can try to sit up there on your moral high horse, but I'm going to eat it, too.
Of course I'm not lonely. My dog is right here at my feet.
Hazel's a good call, but there's enough green to qualify for this sub, and if there's not, I'm glad you posted anyway.
This might be the loveliest sunburn I've ever seen.
You're quite welcome and thank you for posting. Aloe does help, by the way. Just don't get it in your eyes. Don't ask how I know. Just accept that assumption that I'm a dumbass as fact.
They're still blue, just a magnificently dark blue.
It's been pretty easy for me, because there hasn't been anything that I want to buy on sale for a price low enough that I'm willing to buy it.
What type of lawyer?
That's not surprising. I very briefly considered studying law and becoming an attorney, but wrote it off for reasons I don't completely remember. If I had gotten into it, I'd probably would have also gone commercial law, or contract. Something that would have kept me out of dealing directly with litigation, anyway. Stuff me in the back with the books and technicalities. Leave the showboating to the extraverts.
At least 11/10. Would go higher if it wasn't bloodshot.
But she (and stupid politics) can sway a lot more votes. Antisemitism is, at the best, dangeorus rhetoric, whether it comes from the left or the right.
A'ight, if I've got the context right, the story is basically that the 18-year-old(ish) person went to visit their parents, passed out drunk watching TV, woke up later to find the drink still in their hand (hopefully completely unspilled, lest they be accused of being a bad Scotsman or something) and the TV off.
Hazel
Ah. Missed that one by a mile, then.
&gt;you guys Hey, now! Don't lump me in with them! I've got some Scottish ancestry, but I'm one of those English speaking only Americans. But yeah, the slang would be one of those cultural contexts I mentioned.
This has been reposted. This shall ever be reposted.
I appreciate the correction and the education, even if it did come with a bunch of downvotes.
I respect King's notion of judging people by the content of their character rather than the color of thier skin. Sharpton and Jackson are race-baiting assholes who are more focused on the color of everybody's skin than they are on the content of anyone's character, and they can both go fuck themselves.
Bedhead, but perfect makeup?
It's the flair. Not sure how you set it on mobile, but on the desktop site, it's over in the sidebar. You have to be either in the sub or fully in a post (i.e. not have it popped up into the foreground with the main site or sub greyed out in the background, if that even makes sense). On new reddit, you'll have to click "community options" to expand that, then click the little pencil icon out next to your name and edit your flair. On old reddit check the box that says "Show my flair in this subreddit" and then click the "edit" link next to your name.
My best friend since forever is an INTP and he doesn't wear glasses when he's wearing his contacts. Does that count?
This individual groks.
Well, you didn't, originally, but then you did that thing, you remember the thing, that thing where you got a cut and now you have a scar through your eyebrow, but you practiced and exercised the muscles so you could raise each part of that eyebrow separately, so now instead of having 2 eyebrows but one of them has a scar in it, you have 3 eyebrows.
They look brown to me. Couple of different shades of brown, but brown nonetheless. Maybe in just the right lighting, there could appear to be an orange tint, but if so, it does not appear in this picture.
Ebola would like to have a word with you...
I dunno, there's still the co-pilot...
1. One person with one AR doesn't stand a chance. But there are 150 million gun owners in the US, and enough privately owned guns in their hands to literally arm every man, woman, and child, down to the most newborn of infants and still have guns left over. It doesn't take a very high percentage of them to make the largest fighting force in the world. Not the most well trained, and not the best equipped, but certainly the largest. 2. I don't know *your* position on this, but most of the people I've seen make this argument will also claim that the US military has been in a quagmire, struggling to defeat a bunch of goat herders running around the mountains of Afghanistan and the desert of Iraq with nothing but an AK and a pair of flip flops. Either the US military is the best, most effective fighting force in the world, the might of which no one can hope to stand up to, or asymmetric warfare waged by a determined local population is at least possibly a valid counter to a large, well trained, well organized military force. You can't have it both ways.
I see that they added more jpeg to this repost. Well done.
I believe you. I would also make the ISTJ face in OP's drawing at you if you did it to me.
Anime eyes. Also, in before the Alita comments start.
I also attended public schools, although it was quite some time ago. I considered reading fiction to be a break from reading textbooks. Heinlein wrote quite a bit of science fiction back in the 60s, much of which has a very individualistic/libertarian/nearly anarchistic tone. If you decide to give him a try, I recommend *not* starting with *The Moon is a Harsh Mistress*. It's an excellent book, but it took me several chapters to figure out what he was doing with the writing style, and it nearly turned me off to him as a whole. If/when you do read TMIAHM, everything the narrator says should be read with a Russian accent. Heinlein also wrote *Starship Troopers.* The novel, not the movie. The movie is very loosely based on the novel, but the novel is much better. But I got "grok" from *Stranger In A Strange Land.*
The surface certainly is, but I do wonder if the makeup and the bedhead are covering up something even more amazing hiding underneath.
Snuggles
Yes, you can get Sam Jackson's voice on your Alexa enabled devices, and you can choose from clean (why bother?) or not clean (you know, regular Samuel L. Jackson) responses when you set it up.
Wow! Not sure if you're using less makeup, different makeup, or no makeup here (yes, I have a weird thing about makeup where I think less is more), or if it's just different lighting and a different angle from the last pic, but you are far more stunning here than in your last post, and that is not a low bar to top.
&gt;Holy shit you're still reading? This line made me smile.
Coasting downhill in neutral? :P
Steel blue with amber central heterochromia.
You also said (and I quoted): &gt; IxTJs don’t see it for the ethical aspect but rather the practical aspect And I'm saying that IxTJs aren't immune to the ethics of the issue.
Fair.
Y'know what? This is a conversation on the Internet, not a university thesis. So yes, I will cite Wikipedia. If you don't like it, downvote me, unknot your knickers, and move on.
You're still showing a little bit of that last sunburn. Remember sunblock.
Which is which?
How dare the ultra rich not give all of their money to every cause! Alexa, remind me to attend the Democratic Socialist rally next week.
U
I have a question: What the fuck?
Report all sexual assault to the police.
&gt;1990 Toyota Hilux, because it is gonna outlive you, regardless Just try to find one that has had no more than 2 daisy cutters dropped on it.
Too many words. "Chaos sucks. Get your shit in order."
Me: You got it, mom! Dad: ....oh, shit...
Either your sunburn didn't get much worse hanging by the pool, or you're hiding it under makeup. I'm hoping the former.
I'd cross the tracks for her.
Being cute.
Laconic most of the time.
You're right. There's never been any sort of a Spider-Man video game on any platform ever.
This comment is stupid. Atheists don't pray, so their Christian would starve to death. Duh!
...I was hoping for pics of her dogs....
Eyello to you, too.
I want to upvote you for using "you're" instead of "your," but I also want to downvote you for being an asshole. I'll allow them to balance out and not vote either way.
Just remember, it *will* grow back.
Still no.
She shall forever be YoSafBridge to me.
So what's the point to running two radios?
Laundromat, my dude. They suck, but they have the following benefits: 1. Your dad isn't there. 2. Multiple machines, so you can put everything in to wash at once, then put everything in to dry at once. Goes faster. 3. Did I mention your dad isn't there? Because he's not. Depending on where you live, there may even be an actual laundry service that may save you the trip to the laundromat, or at least save you from having to sit there and monitor the machines while they run. And your dad isn't *there*, either.
2A vests don't fit on your head, though. They have since released a video showing them shooting the helmet with other rounds, including 10mm and .357 magnum. It's still a steel helmet that will deflect rounds in dangerous directions, but it does seem to stop substantial pistol threats.
I see what you did there, but I can still comfortably downvote you. Have a nice day.
Low quality photo of a high quality subject.
Yep. All gamers are male, and there are no women on the Internet.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Ouch!
Why is this marked NSFW? This is the most wholesome post I've ever seen in this sub.
You're probably right about it being the sub. If it's the second thing, then I'm glad the gif stops when it does. She's hot, but even if dogs could consent, puppies can't, and that's just not OK.
As a right-leaning libertarian, I don't think this applies to me.
I keep the sound in STO turned way down and play while listening to podcasts or music, so I have no idea what most of the weapons sound like anymore.
Seconded.
Your inbox likely contains several linear feet worth of dick pics from chubby guys after a comment like this.
Your inbox likely contains several linear feet worth of dick pics from chubby guys after a comment like this.
What? I grew up in the 90s and stole something from *Mad About You*. Deal with it.
I'm glad I could contribute, and on your cake day, no less.
None of what you said explains why they never bothered to make Half-Life 2: Episode 3, which they teased at the end of Episode 2, which they could have done with the tech at the time, and which they were saying at the time was part of the original plan for the HL2 story arc. \&gt;plus bitching about no sequel is essentially saying "I love what they do" Nope. It's saying "I love what they have done." What they do now is sit back and make money off of other game developers and TF2 hats. I don't love that. I don't begrudge them that, but I certainly don't love it. I *would* love if they went back to making amazing games, but they haven't made a game I've given a rat's rusty fuck about since 2011. They had me caring about HL: Alyx for about 2.4 seconds, right up until I got to "VR-exclusive." It may turn out to be an amazing game. Hell, I hope it is. But I'm never going to play it.
Damn. This never happens to me. I must be hiking in the wrong woods...
I know you say you blocked me, but I'm going to respond anyway, because I'm bored waiting for my Romulan Warbird to fly to Starbase 39-Sierra. I am opinionated. I've never said differently. I don't know what you think I'm in denial or lying about, either. My time is mine to waste as I see fit. Why you've chosen to bother wasting yours giving a gerbil's ass about what I or any other random stranger on the Internet says or thinks is beyond me, but if anyone is wasting *your* time, it's you for continuing to reply to me when you claim to not care.
Hey! That's my girlfriend you're talking about! ^(Don't tell her, though. She doesn't know we're dating.)
OK, well still don't tell her about me. If she finds out we're dating, she might break up with me.
Fair trade.
Crony capitalism is also dogshit.
It incentivizes people to pay back the debt that they voluntarily incurred.
You know what else incentivizes you to pay back the mortgage? Foreclosure. The car loan? Repossession. Those are secured loans with hard assets which can be seized if you don't pay them. It's tough to seize someone's education. What about the credit card debt? That's an unsecured debt, right? Well, you could probably get out of that by filing for bankruptcy (along with the other stuff), but that kills your credit rating as bad as defaulting on it. Either way, if you don't pay that debt, it's probably going to be tough for you to get good enough credit to go on vacation again any time soon. Of course, you could save for it and pay up front, which is what you probably \*should\* do to begin with, but if you want to float it on the credit card to have it now and pay for it later, that's your business. You can't wipe student loan debt with bankruptcy. You can default on it and wreck your credit, but they'll still try to come after you for it. Incentivizing people to pay their student loan debt by allowing them to pay for it with pre-tax dollars seems like a far better solution to me than paying for it with taxpayer dollars or handwaving it away and screwing the creditors, which will make them less inclined to issue new loans.
You must be a giant crustacean from the Paleozoic era.
Speaking of, I have fosscad 4.8, which seems to be the latest as near as I can tell, and I can't seem to find a lot of this stuff. Stupid question, but am I just being lazy and not looking in the right place, or are people rescaling the Glock 34 to get their 17s and 19s out of this?
I have taken a dozen different online MBTI tests (0 official ones), and have always and only ever gotten ISTJ.
/r/heterochromia
And ye shall have them.
For what it's worth, an XXTJ *can* reach the point of "Close enough. Fuck it."
Everyone needs a toolshed near their garden, though...
1. Boredom. 2. Too much free time at a previous job. 3. Many of them were labeled as "personality test" with no indication of being MBTI up front. It became obvious once you started taking the test, but at that point, see #1 and #2.
Happy birthday! I'm guessing 29.
Why not just use a fuel stabilizer like Sta-Bil or Pri-G?
What are these "emotions" of which you speak?
Ethanol free gas with Sta-Bil in it will last at least a year, even in a plastic can. And here's an anecdote for you: In February of 2018, I bought a Stihl MS171 chainsaw. I also bought a 6-pack of Stihl's 2-stroke oil (the stuff in the gray bottles) sized to mix 1 gallon of gas. When I mixed the gas for it, I poured ethanol free, Sta-Bil treated gas from the 5 gallon plastic can we keep our mower gas in into a 1 gallon plastic can, and mixed in 1 bottle of Stihl 2-stroke oil. That mower gas was left over from the end of the previous mowing season, so it was at least 5 months old at the time. Since I bought that saw, I have cut and stacked 5 ricks worth of firewood (1 rick = 1/3rd of a cord), plus some stuff that was too garbagy to use as firewood, but needed debiggified before it could be moved. I'm still working my way through that first gallon of gas that I mixed, which still smells like gas and runs perfectly in the saw. Now, how much of that is the Sta-Bil and how much of that is the 2-stroke oil, I don't know, but there you have it.
Damn right, you do!
I don't know what the setup in the OP costs, but used aircraft can be surprisingly inexpensive. [This one](https://www.aerotrader.com/listing/1971-Cessna-Chancellor-414A-5001682473) costs less than a [new 2019 Ford EcoSport](https://www.billknightford.com/new-Tulsa-2019-Ford-EcoSport-SE-MAJ3S2GE4KC262499). Granted, it's probably older than the average Reddit user, but it's still an airplane. If you want something new and want to put in the work, you can always buy a kit and build your own. [Murphy Air](http://www.murphyair.com/murphy-aircraft.html) offers a few kits for less than $22,000. There are other companies out there, but Murphy was the first one that came to my mind.
I will only answer 9998 more for you. If you ask more of me, the rest will go unanswered.
I don't even remember what got me into midriff, but it was way before this was ever made.
If I ever stop being a cheap bastard and build my war belt, it will drive you completely insane. I'm cross dominant, so I run rifles left-handed and pistols right-handed. I'm going to have to experiment and see if I can manage a pistol and a rifle mag or two on the same side, or if the rifle mags are going to have to all be on the PC with the belt being pistol and support gear only.
I still need to get a proper war belt and a better holster. Right now, I'm running a Blackhawk Serpa (yeah, I know, they're shit, I know better now) on my EDC gun belt. I know everyone's in love with Safariland, but I'm currently leaning toward the G-Code XST RTI.
I'm old, but I'm not *that* old. :P
I start missing my dog before I get to work, and it's only a 30 minute commute.
Keep telling yourself that.
I have noticed the tow ratings of the midsized pickups being up there, but I'd rather not tow a trailer if I don't have to. They're a pain to get in and out of places, they do weird things when they're empty, and they do weird things if the load in them isn't balanced well. Anytime I can haul a load on the truck instead of behind it on a trailer, I'll prefer to do that.
&gt; bed extender Hadn't thought of that. I guess those aren't useless after all. :P
\&gt;1. Why does steel suck if ceramic breaks up and degrades over time? Others can probably answer this question better, but I'll try. 1. For any given protection rating, steel will be thinner, but much heavier. The Level III steel plates I have from AR500 armor are 9.8 pounds each. The Hesco 4400 (Level IV) plates I have are 7.5 pounds each and will stop higher level threats. If your response to the "It's heavy" argument is "don't be a bitch," I'll remind you that a loaded (with M193) aluminum 30 round AR15 magazine is 15 ounces. The weight difference between 2 Level III steel plates and 2 Level IV steel plates is 4.9 fully loaded AR15 magazines. Would you rather carry an extra 147 rounds of ammo (or 4.5 pounds worth of other useful gear), or wear armor with inferior protection? 2. Steel's function is 100% dependent on the heat treatment. A bad heat treat can leave steel too soft or too brittle, either of which will cause it to not function correctly. 3. Steel can have invisible microcracks that can cause it to fail. 4. Ceramic doesn't have issues with spalling. Steel needs additional treatment to deal with spalling, and there seems to be some debate as to whether or not those treatments are effective. \&gt;2. If the shooter cut isn't working for how you run your guns, maybe you could use swimmers cut? The cut on my L210s and 4400s don't interfere with running a pistol like AR500's ASC. Hesco says the L210 is available in "shooter, full and SAPI cuts." My L210s came from [T-Rex Arms](https://www.trex-arms.com/store/Hesco-L210-Special-Threat-Plate-Set/) (no affiliation, just giving a link), and T-Rex claims that they are the shooter's cut. The 4400s I have are cut identically to the L210s. I don't think they're quite the same as a swimmer's cut, but they are similar.
You have a pretty smile.
Looks like.
I get that from grape juice.
&gt;isfj- you cant read books from barnes and nobles. You can only read the Bible. I can’t wait to get married and have kids! What if my Bible was bought at Barnes and Noble?
That seems to be common among see millennials and younger gen Xers, at least the ones in my friend group.
I don't have a way to contact her, so that might be difficult.
I'd worship at your altar.
Gorgeous. You should also post to /r/DemEyesDoe and /r/heterochromia.
I sense that this post is the OP's way of fishing for compliments and other validation. Lemme try... OP, you are a person, actual and whole.
I see you've met her.
You need pistol ammo in those loops on the belt and a bandoleer for your rifle ammo.
Even with a bump stock, bump firing is inaccurate AF. The bump stock just makes it easier to perform the bump fire technique.
Good to know.
For procrastination: It's either important enough to do now or it's not. If it's not, I just procrastinate. For loneliness: I have a dog.
Those eyes have a light of their own.
Yeah, I'd probably do that too...
&gt;The Sisko is here, and he brought his pimp hand in starship form. Upvoted you for this sentence alone.
Asymmetrical warfare is a thing. While western governments have generally gotten better at it since the 1960s, small resistance forces do have operational advantages over large militaries. There are still thousands of US troops in Afghanistan, despite our entry into the country in 2001. I have no doubt that we're winning the battles, but are we winning that war?
\&gt;honestly Americans have no place in a discussion about firearms laws in Canada. I agree. By the same token, Canadians have no place in a discussion about firearms laws in America. Americans won their freedom by kicking the British out when the British came to take our guns. Canadians asked politely for a couple of hundred years and are still technically subjects of the British crown. No one gives a shit what they have to say about freedom.
Wait. Are you implying that criminals don't follow the law? When did that start?
&gt;HOW THE HELL IS THIS BEING UPVOTED? Because reddit is full of extremely liberal people, most of whom know nothing about guns except what they've been told by other liberal people, who know nothing about guns. &gt;HE JUST CONTRASTED A SEMI-AUTOMATIC RIFLE WITH A PISTOL IN REGARDS TO FIRE RATE. I mean, Jerry Miculek is a person who exists, but he's sort of the exception to the rule. &gt;Pistols can carry high caliber rounds Since caliber is literally just a measure of bullet diameter, yes. &gt;and do just as much and sometimes more damage than a rifle. ....Not so much. There's always going to be a rare exception to the rule, but rifles have the advantage of velocity, and all else being equal, that has a significant impact on damage potential.
&gt;Just on the suicide statistic. Do you think if they didn't have access to a gun they would still kill themselves? I'm not the person you're replying ot, but I'm going to say "I don't think so." According to [this site](http://lostallhope.com/suicide-statistics/us-methods-suicide), about 50% of all suicides in the US are done with firearms. The other 50% aren't. Men are more likely to commit suicide than women (78% of suicides in the US in 2012 were committed by men). Men are more likely to use a firearm to commit suicide (56.4% of male suicides are committed with a firearm followed by suffocation/hanging at 25.2% and poisoining at 11.1%, these top 3 causes accounting for 92.7% of male suicides). Women are more likely to use some form of poisoning (36.2%, followed by firearms at 31.2% and suffocation/hanging at 23.5%, accounting for 90.9% of female suicides). That same site has [statistics for England and Wales](http://lostallhope.com/suicide-statistics/england-wales-methods-suicide), also. While they have far fewer suicides, men are still more likely to commit suicide than women (66.7% of English/Welsh suicides are men). Only 1.8% of all suicides in England and Wales are committed with firearms, 9th on the list of 12 methods. Hanging and suffocation leads the pack (51.7%) followed by drug related poisonings (20.3%). British men are more likely to hang or suffocate themselves (57%) with poisoning taking the second slot (15.5%), whereas British women stick with poisoning for their favored method (35.4%), though hanging is a close second (35.0%). I think the root of suicide is a mental health issue. I also think the root of mass shootings is a mental health issue. The mental healthcare system in the US is utter garbage. Even if it weren't, there is a stigma against seeking help with mental issues in the US, and that stigma is stronger in men than it is in women.
&gt;I always want to know where and how these people store their guns that they're &gt; &gt;that accessible to combat a home invasion. &amp;#x200B; &gt;Unless you store your guns loaded and by your bed you're done. I think you just answered your own question. &gt;My guns are stored in a gunsafe with a keyed lock, unloaded, with ammunition in boxes. A buddy of mine is the son of two cops. One of them was a Marine in Vietnam before becoming a cop in the civilian world. The other had been a cop and an armed security guard, but had retired from those jobs. They stored their guns in a gun safe. At night, they would take out their home defense guns of choice (pump action shotguns, if I recall correctly) and set one on either side of the bed in "cruiser ready" condition, which is to say "magazine loaded, empty chamber." When they woke up in the morning, those guns went back into the safe with the rest.
&gt;I served in Iraq and we absolutely swapped out our rifles for submachine guns when we went door-kicking. A buddy of mine who also served in Iraq switched to a pistol when he was on an entry team. Getting an SMG or an SBR wasn't an option for him. &gt;I don't know where the author got this idea Probably a lot of the mostly non-scientific testing that's been done in the civilian world. The argument is that, statistically speaking, a round of 5.56 that hits its target is *less likely* to overpenetrate the target than a round of 9mm, and that if it *does* overpenetrate after hitting the target, it's *less likely* to go through a bunch of walls and kill the neighbor's dog, or whatever. The theory is also based on the notion that the projectile from the 5.56 is more likely to fragment, and that the individual fragments will carry less energy than the entire projectile, whereas the 9mm will mostly stay intact, will retain most of its weight (which it's designed to do), and will thus carry more energy than the tiny fragments of what's left of the 5.56 projectile, so the 5.56 will penetrate fewer hard barriers than the 9mm. And *statistically*, that's probably true, but Murphy doesn't read anything about statistics, so one should assume that if his projectile overpenetrates, it's gonna do some shit downrange that you just don't want, as you already know. The best anybody can *really* do, regardless of cartridge and platform, is pick a load that conforms to the FBI standard 12-18" of penetration in ballistic gelatin), which was designed to ensure that you get enough penetration to do the job while minimizing the likelihood of overpenetration as much as possible. &gt;Yeah, I mean, can't everybody accurately do trigonometry in their head while panicking and in fear for their family's life 25 seconds after being abruptly woken from a deep sleep at 3am? /s Yep, that part's bullshit.
Wasn't there also a guy that drove a rented truck through some people in New York City in 2017? And didn't some asshole drive a car through a bunch of people in Charlottesville, North Carolina, also in 2017?
I can't help but suspect that you're trying to be satirical here, but 3 things anyway: 1. Machineguns are legal, but difficult, to own in the US. There are some hoops you have to jump through to pull it off (fingerprints, sign-off by the local Chief Law Enforecement Officer, long background check by the ATF, an extra tax, and some other stuff). They're also retardedly expensive thanks to a law that says you can only do this stuff for certain machineguns that were made and registered a certain way before May of 1986. 2. There is actually a compelling argument to be made that your ability to own a machinegun is exactly the right the Founders intended when they created the Second Amendment. Remember, the thing that started the whole shooting match on April 19, 1775 was the colonists rising up to resist an attempt by the British army to seize or destroy arms and munitions stored in Concord. With that and the war fresh in their minds, the Founders were arguing about just how strong the new central government should be. Many did not want the federal government to be able to raise and maintain a standing army at all (which is why appropriations for military funding every 2 years is a Constitutional requirement). In the Federalist Papers Number 46, James Madison wrote a bit about the militia resisting the military. It's pretty long, but it can basically be summed up as "So what if the government does raise a standing army? The militia will be armed just as well as they will, and the militia will grossly outnumber them." 3. There are some YouTube videos that expand historic context I mention in #2. [This one](https://youtu.be/7DYeYkJkqgs) does a better job articulating it than I can here, so I'll just link it: [https://youtu.be/7DYeYkJkqgs](https://youtu.be/7DYeYkJkqgs)
One of those "You don't need to do anything" days. You know, like every day.
Democrats say the same thing about Biden withholding aid from the Ukrainian government when he was VP, but there's a video of him bragging about doing it.
Not even a little.
Depends on how far offroad you plan to go and what the terrain is like. Bunch of flat, open fields during the summer dry season? You could probably manage them in your Malibu. Most crossovers (SUV looking vehicles built on car chassis) will do better than your Malibu because they'll have better ground clearance. A lot of them also have all wheel drive, which helps, but is not the same as 4 wheel drive. Rutted fire roads, two-track trails through the woods, crawling over boulders? Most modern vehicles are gonna be a big "no" on this. Most of Jeep's lineup has at least a little bit of offroad chops, with the Wrangler having the most. Most pickup trucks and true SUVs (SUV looking vehicles built on a truck frame) will do better than the average crossover, especially if they have 4 wheel drive, or at least a locking rear differential. That said, there are people out there who will try to offroad anything. There are videos out there of people (mostly Russians, at least that I've seen) offroading Hyundai sedans with varying degrees of success (and body damage). Know your vehicle, pick your lines, and have a plan and equipment to get unstuck.
If all you're doing is hopping medians, 4x4 is optional. Ground clearance isn't.
They're both better than the hand turkey I'd have done.
Larger vertically or horizontally?
&gt;Once they have made up their mind, they can't be reasoned with, even if they're wrong. I'm never wrong. I thought I was once, but I was mistaken.
Keep trying. You'll get there.
Ah. I'm just fat.
The differentiation between a true SUV and a crossover is construction style. A true SUV is built like a truck, with a body bolted onto a separate frame, aka "body on frame." Crossovers are built with what's called "unibody" construction, where there is no separate frame. There is a base chassis or pan that everything is built around. Examples of body-on-frame SUVs: Toyota 4Runner, Sequoia, Land Cruiser, FJ Cruiser (discontinued, but still available on the used market), Lexus LX series (basically a rebadged Toyota Land Cruiser), Chevy Tahoe, Nissan Armada and X-Terra (which has been discontinued, but they're still out there to be had). The Ford Expedition also makes the list, as does the old Ford Bronco. Ford is also bringing back the Bronco as a new vehicle, and it will be a body-on-frame SUV built on the same frame as the Ford Ranger pickup, and will be a 2021 model year vehicle. Some of these are pretty large vehicles. The Sequoia, Armada, Tahoe, and Expedition are all full sized vehicles, built on the Tundra, Titan, Silverado, and F-150 truck frames, respectively. They are wide and heavy, so they may not fit down some trails, and won't be as nimble as a lighter vehicle.
The normal response here would be "chicken butt," however, I believe "sexy butt" would be more appropriate in this case.
Would have been easier to just fax them a piece of black construction paper.
Blue with central heterochromia. Very cool looking.
I'm in, but you gotta help me apply sunscreen. There are certain places I *really* don't want a sunburn. Don't worry, I'll make sure you're also properly covered.
If you get mildly sick, you go to work. If you get moderately sick, you go to work and bitch about being at work while sick all day. If you get seriously sick, you go to work and hope your manager expresses sympathy for you and sends you home, even though you know they'll only send you home if they think that you'll get *them* sick. If you're about to die, call into work and let them know you'll be late. Make sure the ER gives you a doctor's note. Don't worry, your employer will no doubt let you make up the missed time on the weekend.
If you want to see what nationalized, government run healthcare will look like in the US, look at the Indian and VA hospitals. There may be some good people working at them, and there may be a few facilities here and there that are good, but by and large, they are garbage.
40 my ass! I don't believe you're 30, let alone 40. Also, happy birthday!
Yes, but it won't reliably stop 5.56x45mm, especially from shorter ranges where the 5.56 is moving significantly faster than 7.62x51mm does at the muzzle. Special Threats are usually rated for 5.56x45, but not 7.62x51. If you want something actually rated to stop both, you need to step up to level 4.
If you're going to spam this into every post about the protests, please at least format it so that it's not a wall of text.
The concrete divider...between one side of the highway and the other? Where he could fall onto the highway? Or the concrete divider between the highway and the grass to the side of the highway? Where he could fall onto the highway?
So *you're* the one who selected "Neither/Another Option."
[I'm alright.](https://youtu.be/VnuGC3reAkc)
&gt;Don't blame the driver for having a gun handy, he didn't know what was going to happen. Putting it on the dash was stupid, though. It can (and will) slide around, and if you actually *need* it, it will definitely be somewhere other than where you left it. Same as putting it in the seat.
&gt;The car in front of the trailer got permission from the group to go ahead then protestors who didn't know that, started attacking the car. Seems to me like someone from the group up front that authorized the car to go through should have escorted it until it was clear of the fracas so that the folks in back would know what's up. If the truck and trailer were also authorized by the front of the group, they should have likewise had an escort. Some communication and forethought from the protesters could have prevented property damage and at least one injury to one of their own.
I don't use facebook, as a rule. I was curious about the detail your video showed, which is the only reason I made an exception. That said, it doesn't surprise me that they doxxed him or that FB continues to be a cesspool.
They are occupying my mind. Recently, items and events seem to be diverging from the norm.
I'm glad you convinced your human to stop putting makeup on you. It must have been a bitch to get out of your fur. How did you type this post with paws anyway?
Because this is the "Trust me, nothing could possibly go wrong" look that one gives right before they get everyone in some sort of trouble. And everybody knows it, but they go along with it, because they don't mind getting in trouble alongside you.
/r/DemEyesDoe indeed, but if you're not also posting to /r/FreckledGirls, you should.
Until he sped up to head down the road where the State troopers closed his trailer back up and rolled on down the road.
I grew up on iced tea. I didn't really start drinking hot tea until I was in my early 30s. My grandmother thought that the smell of the coffee hid the smell of the vodka. I love her, but she had issues.
When you try to grab a cop's weapon, any weapon, even their taser, most departments' policies allow that police officer or any other police officer on the scene to use any amount of force, up to and including deadly, to stop you from taking that weapon, or to get it back if you succeed at taking it. Dude's lucky he just got punched in the face.
Bummer. Good filter, though. Made them look natural on her, or natural enough when I was struggling to look away from her eyes.
Also, it's illegal to set booby traps in most places, so...
Most nights, it takes 1 to 2 hours for me to fall asleep once I lay down. If I take melatonin and magnesium supplements, I can cut that down to 20 to 30 minutes from the time the melatonin kicks in, at least until I build up a tolerance to the melatonin.
&gt;firing of all those that stood by and didn't stop him Happened the day after the incident. &gt;prosecution of the person that murdered him Dude was arrested and charged 4 days after the incident. The actual prosecution in court will take a while to get going, but it always does. Takes time to put together evidence, file court briefs, etc. Also have to turn over any potentially exculpatory evidence to the defense and give them time to review it. His day in court will come and a jury will decide his fate. IMHO, the choice to charge him with third degree murder and second degree manslaughter was smart. First and second degree murder and first degree manslaughter require the prosecution to prove intent, and first degree murder also has a premeditation element. While those elements *may* exist, they're difficult to prove. Third degree murder and second degree manslaughter don't carry elements of intent or premeditation. It makes successful prosecution and conviction far more likely. Seems to me like that part of the system is actually working in this case. &gt;This officer already had several use of force complaints against him and it didn't harm his career at all... Yep, the system failed there. I can't find any useful details on those at the moment.
Some of the dogs I've had were able to figure it out. Others, not so much.
Not only are they not "too boring," they're not boring at all.
Your eyes make their own light.
Completely off topic, but: &gt;"rubber bullets" are not made of rubber. They are jacketed in it but they have a metal core and they can kill you stone dead. Often they are steel-cored 12 guage shotgun slugs, OK, so, rubber bullets *can* be lethal, but I'm pretty sure that the rest of what he said is complete bullshit. I can't confirm 100% because I don't have any on hand, otherwise I'd tear one apart and check its construction. 1. The vast majority of shotgun slugs are made of soft lead, not steel. A typical 12 gauge slug is 1 ounce (437.5 grains). 2. The only steel shotgun slug I can find at the moment is advertised as 31.5 grams (486.12 grains or 1.11 ounces). 3. Most rubber slugs I can find are between 74 and 130 grains, and I have not been able to find anything *heavier* than 130 grains. Seems like a rubber jacketed lead or steel slug would be closer in weight to their non-jacketed counterparts, so 1 ounce or more.
Pretty good pic. You and your eyes are beautiful.
If that's what you're into. Do you prefer a quick, sharp tug or a slow, steady pull?
Nope. Somebody off camera is shaking the shit out of that rope. This guy's doing his damnedest to stay on.
It was implied.
Ah, the rare, coveted Asian freckles...lovely.
You probably hear this all the time, but in case you haven't heard it enough today, you are freaking adorable.
"Oh, sweetie, bless your heart. That's not a burger. You should have ordered the bean patty sandwich."
&gt; Have a home Internet connection and a mobile phone. A backup remains active, if an interruption takes out one service. Depending on what goes down, one or more of these may not work. &gt; Multiple encrypted messaging apps. Internet server failure or government interruption during a crisis might eliminate one message app, but not another. Prepare ahead of time and connect with your neighbors on Signal *and* Telegram, for example. Depending on what's going on, cell phone data may or may not work, in which case your messaging apps won't work. &gt; Use apps that work even if the global Internet is not available. Any app on your phone that is expected to transmit data other than SMSis going to need access to the Internet, either via its on data connection or your home Wi-Fi. If there is one that is an exception to this, I am unaware of it, but would be happy to take a correction on that. SMS works without Internet access, but if the airwaves are jammed, it may not send. If the backhaul line for the tower is cut for some reason (some asshole digging without checking first?), it won't send. A community mesh network is a good idea. 2-way radio is also a good idea. Ham or GMRS if you can get enough people licensed to be useful. Dedicated business channels if you want to spend the coin (and you can do encryption on some of them). FRS or MURS as a fallback. Old school Sneakernet is also always an option.
You weren't a model before quarantine?
Damn, this is up there with saying "Watermelon farmers would go out of business without black lives" or "Kool-Aid would discontinue the grape flavor if it weren't for black lives."
Duplex, live in one half, rent out the other?
Huh. Everything I had read so far said Rayleigh scattering caused blue eyes, along with most of the other blue we see in nature. Thanks for the correction. I learned a thing
And that's how the xxTJs know the ideas will never be executed.
Your artwork is beautiful, but it pales in comparison to your face.
Not the person you're asking, but: 2019 Oklahoma Statutes Title 47. Motor Vehicles §47-11-502(b): &gt;No pedestrian shall suddenly leave a curb or other place of safety and walk or run into the path of a vehicle which is so close that it is impossible for the driver to yield. "Pedestrian" is defined by 2019 Oklahoma Statutes Title 47. Motor Vehicles §47-1-143 as "Any person afoot." Tulsa Code of Ordnances, Title 37, Chapter 11, Section 1101(b): &gt;No pedestrian shall suddenly leave a curb or other place of safety and walk or run into the path of a vehicle which is so close that it is impossible for the driver to yield. Section 1102: &gt;Every pedestrian shall **cross the street within the crosswalk or at an intersection**, whether or not such intersection is controlled by traffic-control signals; provided, however, that this provision shall not apply to residential neighborhoods, except where a major street passes through such neighborhoods or traffic-control devices are provided. A pedestrian crossing a street in a residential area shall **take the shortest possible route to the opposite side of the street and at a right angle to the side of the street.** Section 1103: &gt;Every pedestrian crossing a roadway at any point, other than within a marked crosswalk or within an unmarked crosswalk at an intersection, shall yield the right-of-way to all vehicles upon the roadway. Section 1104: &gt;A. Where sidewalks are provided, it shall be unlawful for any pedestrian to walk along and upon any adjacent roadway. &gt; &gt;B. Where sidewalks are not provided, any pedestrian walking along and upon a roadway shall, when practicable, walk only on the left side of the roadway or its shoulder, facing traffic which may approach from the opposite direction. Given that there were also children present, Tulsa Code of Ordnances, Title 27 Chapter 12, Section 1202: &gt;It shall be an offense for any parent or guardian of a child under the age of twelve (12) years to permit such child to play, run or loiter on the public streets. Also, section 1206: &gt;It shall be an offense for any person to obstruct or block any street, alley, crosswalk, sidewalk or other public grounds with any kind of vehicle, box, lumber, merchandise, machinery or any other kind of material of equipment, or to suspend any obstructions, signs or awnings on or across any sidewalk, street or alley so as to interfere with the free passage over the same Tulsa Code of Ordnances, Title 27 Chapter 17 Section 1700(A) and (C): &gt;A. Armed picketing shall mean and include the carrying of any weapon or **any instrument capable of being adapted for use as a weapon or means of intimidation** by any person engaged or participating in picketing. &gt; &gt;C. Mass picketing shall mean and include the congregation of persons engaged in picketing as herein defined in such numbers as to prevent or **interfere with the free and unobstructed passage of traffic** or pedestrians **along any street**, sidewalk, alley, railroad right-of-way or entrance into any place of business, factory or yard. Section 1701: &gt;It is an offense for any person to engage or participate in mass picketing, armed picketing or any picketing in which resort is had to violence, threats or acts of intimidation or physical coercion. And that's what I could find with a few minutes of searching because I'm bored. An attorney actually looking to prosecute would probably know of or be able to easily find more.
&gt;I've tried different approaches (nudge theory, positive reinforcement, negative reinforcement) Have you tried calm, rational logic instead of trying to manipulate her?
&gt; They told me to protect their street they have resorted to neighbors blocking off the streets with cars and forming armed militias to protect their homes and families. But, but, but the militia is an outdated and unnecessary thing because we have the National Guard!!!! ***/S***
40? Lies! You look no older than 30, and I'd have guessed 25-27.
That's because they have poor vocabularies and can't think of a stronger word to more accurately describe your eyes. Unfortunately, I can't, either.
I can't answer your question. I can only say "I wish I was only 4 hours away from a Red Apple Fireworks." The closest one to me is almost 10 hours away.
Aloe vera for the burns and remember your sunscreen next time. Freckles are cute, but skin cancer isn't.
Sorry, I just got soooo many really bad sunburns as a kid, so now im paranoid about getting more, and that paranoia extends to trying to help others avoid them, too.
[Jessica](https://youtu.be/vTOozRAJ8dU)
1. Open the box 2. Assemble the night stand 3. Put the alarm clock and lamp on night stand. 4. Recycle or repurpose box if possible, otherwise, discard box.
&gt;They’re just misunderstood- like snakes or spiders. So I was telling my mom (who is absolutely terrified of snakes) about a snake I saw that was across the path when I was walking dogs a couple of weekends ago and her first question was "Did you kill it?" "Well, no," I said. "Why not?!?!" "Because it was just a rat snake, it was at the other end of the property from the house, you know, *outside*, where snakes belong, I was trying to keep Scribbles from pulling my arm off to go see it, and I was trying to get Buckshot to leave it alone." "OK, but why didn't you kill it?" And so it wen back and forth like that for a bit until I said, "Because I'd have shot Buckshot in the face if I'd have tried to shoot the snake." "Oh, OK." Oh, wait...this is supposed to be about everyone's love affair with INTJs, not stories about snakes, right?
It's a bit wordy, but it gets the point across. I prefer something more like: I don't know why you're pissed off. You've done this to me before and I never flipped my shit like you are now. Fuck off.
&gt;Except these aren't pedestrians Technically, they are. Oklahoma state law defines "pedestrian" as "any person afoot," which these people certainly ar. But two things can be true at once. These people are pedestrians, and they are also a mob of people illegally obstructing traffic.
Except that this video pretty clearly shows one of the protesters trying to part the crowd and wave this vehicle through, which means that they *should* have entered the crowd.
There is no true "point and shoot" for firearms. Even a shotgun has to be aimed. Shot doesn't spread out like most people think it does at the distances that most people consider to be "self defense" distances. It's a matter of practice and getting enough trigger time to get used to whatever the trigger pull is. You can do a lot with a gun that is mechanically unloaded (Rule 1: All guns are always loaded all of the time, treat them that way) with "draw and present" drills and dry fire practice. "Draw and present" starts with the gun (that you have double checked to have an empty magazine and an empty chamber) in whatever position you're likely to start from (usually a properly fitting holster, but you can do it from the locked drawer of your night stand if that's where the gun is going to sleep). 1. Face in a safe direction (if the gun magically loads and fires itself, you don't want the bullet to go through the wife or the dog). 2. Draw the gun from the starting position. 3. Bring the gun up to your dominant eye. 4. Line up the sights, focus on the front sight. 5. Reset. 6. Repeat until #4 happens automatically when you do #3. You may need to make adjustments to your initial grip. Don't worry about fast. Worry about smooth and consistent. Fast will come with time. At this stage, keep your finger off of the trigger at all times. "Dry fire" practice also starts with a gun that you've dually verified an empty chamber and an empty magazine. Also, do not do dry fire practice with any rimfire firearm. This is a centerfire only drill. Consider getting a set of snap caps that fit your gun. 1. Face in a safe direction. 2. Bring the gun up to your dominant eye. 3. Line up the sights, focus on the front sight. 4. Gently squeeze the trigger until it "breaks." If there were a round in the chamber, the gun would fire at this point, but you should just hear a click. 5. While squeezing the trigger, do your best to keep the front sight still. 6. Re-cock the gun (this might require you to manually cycle the slide, depending on the type of gun). 7. Maintain 1, repeat from 2. The main purpose to dry fire practice is to get you used to the trigger pull of your gun. It can also serve the purpose of helping to smooth out the trigger pull by wearing off any burrs or rough spots left over from the manufacturing process.
Or because they were in the actual army and became cops when they got out, which is not at all uncommon. But sure, go on and impugn someone else's courage without knowing anything about them.
This is not &gt;a goddamn tank. This is more like a Freightliner or Peterbilt with some armor panels stapled to it..
Sorry, my calculator doesn't go that high.
Depends on who you're claiming to riot for. If they're high enough in the intersectional hierarchy, there's no way to be more woke, don'cha know?
Your friend made a good call. This sub was made for eyes like yours.
I was oscillating between "Wow, she's beautiful! And those eyes!" and "WTF does 'obred' mean?" Googling didn't help me, but my brain clicked that it was probably a typo and you meant "bored." Now I'm just left with "Wow, she's beautiful! And those eyes!"
I know women ~~always~~ often lie about their age, but what is it about women on reddit lately claiming they're older than they obviously are?
I think your face is very lovely.
I think you're beautiful.
Cool beans! What do you see there?
I'm going with "blue with brown central heterochromia." Very pretty.
Hey back atcha!
Ah. Well at least it's on purpose and not caused by negative stimuli.
I'm sure I'd get a kick out of being with her for the rest of our lives.
I considered the possibility that you wanted someone to see through but not call you on your bullshit, but if you don't want to be called on it, then why would you care whether they see through it, right?
So you want your partner to say "That sucks, babe. Let me know if you need help," and then just piss off until you need him/her/it/whateveryou'reinto?
Can confirm. I am the best.
I have no interest in dating for fun, "friends with benefits," or any other form of casual dating or sex. Dating, IMO, should be done for the purpose of determining whether the relationship will be a long term relationship (ideally marriage, but there are people out there who can only make a LTR work if they're *not* married). Sex should, again, IMO, be done for the purposes of deepening the bonds of an existing LTR or procreation. Those standards only apply to me and anyone I'm in a romantic relationship with at any given time. I will, of course, judge anyone who doesn't live up to those standards (that is what I brought this J for, after all), but I won't generally judge *harshly*.
Isn't Maria Hill (Avengers, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., Marvel comics) an ISTJ?
Saturn missiles. I absolutely abhor them. And it's basically impossible to buy a variety pack/assortment that *doesn't* have them. My next least favorite is probably fountains. I find the vast majority of them to be utterly boring. There are some exceptions. One exception, which I only know of from videos, but I want to try to find this year, is the [Mind Games Fountain](https://youtu.be/2Jj41hTz3tc?t=91) from Major League Pyro. Another exception, which I found on accident last year, but will definitely try to find again, is the [One Final Shot](https://www.redrhinofireworks.com/one-final-shot) fountain from Texas Outlaw.
Fair.
&gt;What about Colonial British Red? You actually *want* to be shot.
Just put another quarter in and press continue.
[It's actually possible](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mr-personality/201410/why-are-older-people-more-conservative).
Yep. Those could mess Toot up almost as bad as getting stabbed with the thing.
Well until then, thank you for sharing. You are beautiful.
This.
Sticking your hand under a rock and hoping what bites you is a catfish and not a snapping turtle? I'm crazy, but I'm not *that* kind of crazy.
No. I mean right after the guy in the gray shirt tries to wave him away from the truck. He turns to the dude in the gray shirt, basically goes "But I don't *wanna*!" and then turns back and elbows the truck again.
But it was funny, huh?
I think that's the point of OP's post. If you care about protecting your rights and the rights of others, you should care about protecting *all* of the rights of others. This comes with the downside that you have to protect the rights of people you happen to disagree with. For example, the KKK and neo-Nazis are utter pieces of shit, but if you don't protect *their* right to free speech, then you're creating a slippery slope to erode the free speech rights of the Black Lives Matter (I refuse to abbreviate it, because every time I read "BLM," I think "Bureau of Land Management") movement, too.
The Second Amendment is the backbone that supports all of the others, but there is merit to the idea that if you protect the right of the People to go to the soap box, jury box, and ballot box, they won't have to turn to the cartridge box.
&gt; bare I hate sleeves, too, but I think you meant "bear" as in "to carry."
Looks like it's probably a .410 bore shotgun/.22 Long Rifle combo (one barrel over the other).
&gt;I’ll text you if my plans change Did you ever see the episode of *How I Meet Your Mother* titled "Hooked"? It guest starred Carrie Underwood, if that happens to help jog your memory. If you have, you probably know where I'm going with this. If you haven't, you can either [read the plot summary on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hooked_(How_I_Met_Your_Mother)) or just go watch it.
&gt;For example if my computer isn't playing any mf audio, I'll try turning it off and back on again. If it's still broken I'll head to google and type in "\[computer model\] not playing audio" and browse any forums or articles that'll help me, and then try everything. And if that still doesn't work, https://youtu.be/Sv6BqNhDit4 Troubleshooting should almost always go to the physical layer first. 1. Make sure the speakers didn't get unplugged (check the plugs at both ends of all of the wires, you'd be surprised what can get unplugged if you have anything more than the most basic unpowered speakers). 2. Make sure the speakers are plugged into the correct port (probably not an issue if you haven't moved the computer recently, but check it anyway) 3. Make sure the new puppy didn't chew through the speaker wires. Then you go to software. You can look to make sure that your OS, browser tab, and YouTube window haven't been muted before you start crawling around under the desk messing with wires, but check the wires before you try rebooting, uninstalling and reinstalling drivers, and whatever other craziness Google recommends.
Pointing out the flaws so the person can correct them and make their writing better is not constructive?
I don't see a criticism in the phrase "No, it's not." Just a disagreement. As to the rest of your diatribe, it depends on how the person takes it, I suppose. I acknowledge that I'm a human being who is capable of making mistakes. I make typos from time to time. I fail at proofreading from time to time. When someone points that out, I don't get hiney harmed over it, even if they don't stroke my ego in the process. I just go fix the typo. Sometimes I even thank them for pointing out my error. I have no need to get defensive over it. When someone leads off a post with something like "English isn't my first language," I try to explain *why* their typo needs corrected ("they're" is short for "they are" whereas "their" indicates possession and "there" usually indicates location or direction, for example). Without such a disclaimer, I'm usually going to assume that English *is* their native language, and I'm going to follow that assumption with the assumption that they missed the typo in during proofreading (or just didn't proofread).
The Atwoods in Sapulpa has been picked over pretty hard lately. If you need 12 or 20 gauge birdshot or some rifle calibers, you'll be OK. If you need rimfire, .223, or most handgun calibers, you'll probably be disappointed at the moment. Local shelves aren't as bad as after the 2008 and 2012 elections, but they remind me of the recovery periods after those elections.
I can tell you that the sales and service people at Jim Norton Toyota will lie to you about their "engine warranty for life" actually covers. I can also tell you that the Business Development Center for Jim Norton Toyota will call you at least once a year trying to convince you to trade your Tundra back to them, even after you tell the BDC to remove you from their call list 6 times, write a nasty email to the dealership, talk to 2 different sales managers (because that's who allegedly handles the BDC call lists), and report them to the FCC twice.
I couldn't tell you if the Sapulpa Atwoods had any 7.62x39 or not. I wasn't thinking to look for it. They do have signage up about a limit on how much ammo they'll sell you right now. I *think* it's a 2 box limit, but I may not be remembering correctly.
Sure you can. You *love* it when people disagree with you.
"Pretty decent" is an understatement.
I bet it's because he misspelled "rapidity." :P
And that's why we can't go back. **/S**
I assure you that I'm an ISTJ, but definitely not a skinny one. I know this is blasphemy, but I don't particularly like pie. I don't like pie crust, and I don't like most of the fillings that people put *into* pie crusts. There are exceptions. There is (or was, not sure if it still exists, because I haven't had a reason to look) an Oreo pie crust, which is excellent, but nobody seems to use it when they make one of the few pies I eat (Oreo crust chocolate pie would be *the* best, probably, as long as you don't ruin it with meringue). I also like pecan pie (that would be weird in the Oreo crust, though). The rest of the dessert pies are a firm "no" from me. I do like other dessert foods, though. Cake, brownies, Hello Dollies, etc. Hence the not being skinny thing. There are also other non-dessert things that I eat (mostly meat and potatoes). In my experience, eating leads to pooping, pooping leads to needing to wipe your ass, and wiping your ass requires an implement with which to do said ass wiping. Therefore, in my experience, you should make sure you have toilet paper before you get excited about having dessert, even if that dessert is not pie.
But any of those people would have been able to spread it if they went to the protests 10 days ago. Also, anybody those people came into contact with prior to the protests may have contracted it and been asymptomatic and then gone to the protests. &gt;they believe people with no symptoms are far less contagious than previously reported That may be the case and would certainly be great if true, but "less contagious" is not the same as "not contagious." It does seem reasonable that people who aren't coughing or sneezing wouldn't be spreading the virus as much, *because* they're not coughing or sneezing, sending those droplets out into the air. But asymptomatic people who are yelling/shouting like one does at a protest *are* sending droplets out into the air, so they may very well be more contagious than asymptomatic people who are just going about their normal, daily lives. Also, I haven't noticed a whole lot of social distancing at these protests. "Less contagious" or not, that many people in that close of a proximity would be expected to lead to a spike in cases.
I don't object to *other people* having pie. I just don't care for it myself. If you're into baking your own desserts, give Hello Dollies a try.
If you're wanting to keep rounds on the gun but get rid of the side saddle, you still have a couple of options: 1. [Speedfeed stock](https://www.brownells.com/shotgun-parts/stock-forend-parts/stock-sets/standard-stock-sets/stock-prod12702.aspx) (I get nothing if you buy from that link, it's just a convenient way to show what I'm talking about). Only holds 4 rounds, but they're on the gun and out of the way. 2. Your choice of any one of the many elastic butt stock shell holders that are out there. These do wear out just from being on the gun eventually (after many, many years), but they're cheap to replace. Buy 5, you'll probably pass 2 or 3 on to your kids. And for anyone who is looking for something like this that will work with .410 shotgun shells, look for an elastic butt stock shell holder for rifle cartridges instead of shot shells.
I had a .357 Sig handload that did that. Made a guy shooting a .44 Mag a couple of tables down stop and go "What the fuck was that?!?!?!"
&gt;Does it matter what state I buy the gun in? For instance, if I live in Washington state, does it matter if I cross the border into Oregon and buy a gun? Yes, it does matter. You cannot buy a handgun in a state other than the state in which you reside. Or rather, you can, but the dealer you buy it from has to ship it to a dealer in your state, and then that dealer has to do the paperwork and background check. So if you found a handgun you really liked in Oregon, the dealer in Oregon would have to ship the handgun to a dealer in Washington, and you would have to go to that dealer in order to take possession of it. Rifles and shotguns can be purchased and transferred to a resident of any state in any state provided that the transfer is legal in both the purchaser’s state and the state in which the transfer is taking place. So if Washington State restricts the sale or transfer of, let's say AR-15 rifles (and I have no idea if they do or not), but Oregon does not, that doesn't mean you can just drive down to Oregon, buy an AR-15, and drive back to Washington with it.
&gt;Aim - the point of the weapon is to hit the target with the projectile. Between a shotgun (which is meant for close range action, and firing buckshot) vs a rifle (single round and longer range past 50') - the time to learn to use effectively is much quicker and easier. Buckshot has a set spread and after 40' doesn't blow thru multiple walls. That means one or two attacker can be engaged without worry of missing or collateral damage. This entire comment makes me cringe. Buckshot spreads out far less at home defense distances than most people think it does. If you doubt this, take your preferred shotgun and your preferred home defense load to the range and pattern them at distances you think you'll encounter in a home defense scenario. I'm not sure what you mean by "a set spread," but if you mean "it's guaranteed to spread a certain amount at a certain distance," that's not true, and if you mean "it's guaranteed to only spread a certain amount no matter how far it goes," that's not true either. Buckshot will also go through multiple walls. How many multiple walls depends on the size of the shot, the distance to the walls, and what it hits in the walls. If the shot *did* spread as much as most people think it does, then you absolutely will have to worry about at least some of the pellets missing and thus some collateral damage. You're talking about typically 9 (00) to 27 (#4) pellets traveling downrange. If they've spread out enough that you don't really have to aim, they're not all going to magically hit the target. *Some* of those pellets may very well miss the intended target, and those pellets *will* result in collateral damage. Hopefully that collateral damage is just the sheetrock and your appliances and not the wife, the kids, the family pets, and the neighbor strolling by outside. I'm not saying that shotguns suck for home defense, because they don't. I'm saying that people using them for home defense need to be aware of the reality of using them in that role.
And that's a pretty good pistol if you don't mind shooting something with the ergonomics of a brick taped to a slightly smaller brick.
I remember reading something that said 3rd degree murder is a 25 year sentence in Minnesota and 2nd degree manslaughter is 10. According to [this](http://www.ncrp.info/StateFactSheets.aspx?state=MN), Minnesota eliminated the parole system in 1981, and according to [this](https://mn.gov/doc/community-supervision/supervision-101faq/), they still have something that works very much like parole, they just call it something different. Also according to that second link, a person convicted of a felony has to serve at least 2/3rds of their sentence before being allowed their supervised release. That means someone convicted of 3rd degree murder would serve 16.67 years before being released under Minnesota's "not parole" system. If he were convicted of both 3rd degree murder *and* 2nd degree manslaughter, he could face up to 23.34 years of prison time before being released if the sentences are consecutive instead of concurrent. In order to get released, he has to *survive* the sentence. So, how long do you think that a *cop* that killed a black man will survive in prison?
&gt;In which case it becomes man slaughter but he has already been tried so ....double jeopardy? I don't know. As far as I know, the 2nd degree manslaughter charge is still there, so even if they don't convict of 2nd degree murder, they can still convict on manslaughter. I don't know if the 3rd degree murder charge was dropped in favor of the 2nd degree murder charge, or if the 2nd degree murder charge was just added. If the 3rd degree murder charge is still there, they could acquit on 2nd degree murder and still convict on 3rd degree. No risk of double jeopardy there, because even though the charges are all for the same crime, they're being tried at the same time.
I suspect /u/Wobbles42 was being sarcastic.
&gt;You'd might as well try to argue that the swastika is an Indian symbol for peace but the Nazis co-opted it. I mean, it is, and they did, but that doesn't seem to matter to anyone anymore.
No. ASMR is stupid.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/tacticalgear/comments/fux88i/purchasing\_guide\_for\_beginners/](https://www.reddit.com/r/tacticalgear/comments/fux88i/purchasing_guide_for_beginners/) And stay away from steel plates.
Yes, but if I smack a ghost with iron or blast it with rock salt, it goes away, and that's the end of it. If I zot a zombie in the brainpan with a shovel or a .45, it stops pestering me, and that's the end of it. It's frowned upon for me to do any of those things to get a living human stranger to leave me alone. Which would be fine, except that it's also frowned upon to just tell them to leave me alone.
If he removes himself from the ballot, he'll still be mayor until the election is decided and the winner of the election is inaugurated. You still won't get a mayor until next term.
&gt;He’s a three generation mayor elite. Just FYI. I'm aware. That gets pointed out from time to time on the KRMG morning news, sometimes even by Bynum himself. &gt;He would honestly go down as the dankest mayor on Mother Earth if he was like, ‘fuck putting any attention to my re-election, we got massive issues here’. Painted the street like DC (pope idea which I almost always disapprove of) and spent all of his time from now till his last day in office helping the problem out. I don't see how painting streets actually helps the problem. It just seems like pandering and virtue signaling to me. I'd rather see the mayor actually *do* things. Things like trying to increase the transparency of the police department Something Bynum has been pushing for and that the police union and city council has been fighting him on. Things like trying to find the mass graves that nobody has really bothered looking for since they were created in 1921. Something Bynum was pushing for way before George Floyd's murder resulted in the current blowup. The bus plant thing was kind of a shit show, but Bynum has also generally been working hard to bring big companies to Tulsa, and big companies mean lots of jobs. Lots of jobs is a good thing for everybody. &gt;You don’t really want him spending a quarter million dollars of elitist money just in his campaign to buy the mayor seat do you? Fuck that. Normal dude for mayor. I mean, it doesn't matter to me how much he spends on his campaign. I couldn't vote for or against him if I wanted to, because I don't actually live in Tulsa. I work in T-Town, but I live outside of town, so I can't vote in city elections.
I've already covered my thoughts on that in my reply to /u/ketocheetohpuffs, so rather than rehash it here, I'll just refer you to [that comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/tulsa/comments/h12kyg/mayor_bynum_needs_to_remove_his_name_from_the/ftpy33k?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x).
It was the first link I found that wasn't trying to sell the substance. That seemed far more objective than an advertisement for the product.
Professor: Can I help you with something? OP: Nope. Just charging my phone. Go ahead. Professor: So, as I was saying... ***eeeEEEeeEEEeeEEEeeeEEEeeeEEEEEEEEE***
I've never heard of Menard's. I was thinking Sutherlands.
1. Trigger discipline. 2. Shoulder pocket. 3. Cheek weld. 4. Eye relief. 5. Lean into it, not away from it.
Never let anyone, including you, punch you, either.
I'll hold you to that.
TIL having your ass hanging out is SFW...
Cancel your order. If AR500 won't refund, contact your credit card company and do a chargeback. Act quickly. Most CCs have a 120 or 180 day maximum for doing a chargeback.
I listen to KRMG (102.3 FM, 740 AM) for local (Tulsa area and state-wide) news, weather, and traffic. The local shows also cover national news, and they seem to be fairly well balanced, but the station also syndicates Limbaugh, Hannity, and the like, so if they're not your cup of tea, maybe don't listen during those time slots.
Similar, but not quite. Huglekulture is built on with wood on the bottom layer. This is closer to lasagna gardening.
Except the closest thing these dogs have been to a cow is probably the Karen at the store screaming about wanting to see the manager...
They don't need tractors. Tractors use fossil fuels and emit greenhouse gasses. They've got a lot of young, healthy people there. They need shovels. Turn the soil by hand.
Most hot peppers prefer drier climates.
&gt;The animal rights people definitely need to take that thing out of there. Just don't let it be PETA. It'll be dead before they put the truck pulling the livestock trailer in gear to drive away.
I'm making a reference to Untitled Goose Game. It's evidently only funny to me.
You were told correctly.
Yup.
Drive out into the desert and light them all?
Your eyes are gorgeous. How could anyone talk about anything else?
I knew what this was going to be before I unmuted the video. Well done.
I mean, the dog *didn't* bite, so...
Huskies that I've been around have been more cat-like than most dogs. Not full on "cat software running on dog hardware" like a fox, but in that vein.
&gt; They were rare, but plentiful. One of these things is not like the other. &gt; Our enemies never stood a ~~change~~ chance. Good story.
&gt;She's obviously going super sayain. Beat me to it.
Just because someone disagrees with you politically doesn't necessarily mean that their advice is always bad. The advice given in this particular OP is good regardless of your politics.
Totally necessary.
So intuitives are stuck with whatever job they're born into, but sensors know that if they work hard, they can become anything and do any job they put their mind to? Sounds about right.
I've never played it. I'm only familiar with it because of memes.
I don't even think it's a stereotype, or if it is, I'm certainly unaware of it (other than maybe as an application of the "sensors work hard, intuitives are lazy/give up at the first sign of difficulty" stereotype). I just figured I'd respond to a shitpost with a shitpost of my own.
That would be the British Goodbye.
My dad is an expert at this. I learned at a young age to stick close to my dad as soon as dinner was done at my mom's family reunions. If I didn't keep an eye on him, he'd suddenly disappear. If I stuck close, I'd leave with him, and we'd go fishing.
I used a metal folding chair for years. The back plate broke out of it, so I was leaning against the bar any time I sat back. My legs would fall asleep during extended gaming sessions, and I usually wouldn't notice until I got up and tried to walk.
You heard correctly.
I don't think Mab would shoot Harry. That's already been done, and I don't see her copying someone else.
Sh-sh-sha!
It'll probably do a better job of keeping you from shooting them, too. I know it would certainly confuse me enough to cause me to hesitate.
Mea culpa. You are correct. Sorry, I misread your post as "grabbing the slide" rather than "pressing on the slide."
That would be awesome. Do you know the name of that hairstyle, by chance?
There is video available from 2 body cams and cruiser dash cam.
It's not. [About 14% of police officers killed in the line of duty in Canada are killed while performing traffic stops](https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/pub/85-002-x/2010003/article/11354-eng.htm). Police officers have also been targeted with ambushes [in the UK](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murders_of_Nicola_Hughes_and_Fiona_Bone) and [Canada](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moncton_shooting) a [couple of times](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mayerthorpe_tragedy) that I can find with a quick Google search that is biased toward US events (because I'm in the US).
It's probably only a secret to me and the other emotionally inept people. Everybody else knows.
1. I'm not a lawyer. 2. You should consult at least 1 lawyer to get the answer to your question. 3. You should probably consult multiple lawyers to get the answer to your question. 4. If you have some sort of supervisory officer (parole officer, case worker, whatever), you should consult with them after you've consulted with a (few) lawyer(s). That said: To the best of my knowledge, antique firearms and replicas thereof that cannot be readily converted to fire modern ammunition are not considered "firearms" according to the Gun Control Act of 1968, in which case you'd be OK, federally speaking. I'm not sure on Oklahoma's position here, but generally speaking, Oklahoma is *as* permissive or *more* permissive than federal law in the realm of firearms. Again, check with a lawyer.
I do not care for hugs, especially from strangers.
You're gorgeous. If makeup makes you feel better, that's fine, but you absolutely do not need it.
Her trigger discipline is bad, and she should feel bad.
I've done it. It comes out a little more tender and a *lot* sweeter. It was fine, but I wouldn't do it again, because I don't like sweet jerky.
&gt;"Also, you forgot armour has a u in it." But "armor" doesn't. Neither do "color" or "favorite." Fun fact: The colonies kicked the British out specifically because they were tired of the unnecessary "u" in words. They tried politely at first to get the Brits to get rid of the unnecessary "u," but the Brits were like "No, you must use it. Now come to the harbour to get your tea." The colonials were like "Oh, we'll come get the tea, and then we'll put it in the harb***o***r where it belongs!" Rather than just allowing the colonials to do things their way, the Brits then pushed even more unnecessary "u" usage until the colonials were forced to kick them out. And that's the 100% true story of why the American revolution happened.
&gt;Schlock Mercenary A man of culture, I see.
You'd have to recruit rodeo clowns for your rhinoboys.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Fantasy game (think Dungeons and Dragons) alignment chart.
I have no objection to this.
"Getting"?
&gt;sparklers Thermite on a stick.
Fun fact: In the United States, flamethrowers are regulated as a "farming implement" rather than any sort of weapon. Some *States* may have laws to the contrary, but federally speaking, there are no laws against owning a flamethrower or requiring the registration of one, either.
&gt;I would just think we were going to use unimportant objects from the trash or something. That's how it starts. Then one of you is like "light this while I hold it!" and the other one is like "Yeah!" and then you get burned, so you drop it. You've all forgotten that the fire extinguisher is empty. The fire extinguisher was full when you started, because you and the INTJ both checked, but the INTJ had to use it 20 minutes ago to put out the fire in the bathroom trash can and then forgot about it because they started drinking. You didn't notice that the INTJ had "spilled" (actually a spit take at your stupidity) alcohol, so now the drapes are on fire, and you all have to run out of the house. And ***that***, kids, is why you don't mess with fire without adult supervision.
&gt;that booger in your nose wasn’t seen Hey, when you see that, *tell* me about it so I can do something about it. I don't want to be known as "Ol' Booger Nose" for the rest of this event that I didn't want to be at in the first place.
I can't do audio at the moment so I can't hear what he's saying, but WTF is up with his hair?
Ah. Then why does he have a phone?
&gt;there quickly arrives a point where there’s no longer any purpose in my presence there. And that's when you leave and go home?
Then he needs an iPod (or an Android based MP3 player) and Wi-Fi, not a phone.
More than "kinda" cute.
Wow!
And it was so. God called her eyes "beautiful" and also "gorgeous." And God saw that her eyes were good.
Yup.
&gt;being forced or socially obligated to That's pretty much the only reason I've ever attended a party.
Best wishes for your pupper. May she come through the surgery trouble free and make a full recovery.
Hell yes.
I volunteer to confirm that, you know, for science. In person, of course, just to make sure there's no photoshopping going on.
Small talk is torture.
If I ask at all, it takes me at least 6 months to ask her out on a date. Y'all are already going on dates. If you just want an official label for the relationship, ask him, be direct. "We've been dating for 2 months now. Are you OK with officially calling this a boyfriend/girlfriend relationship?" Something like that.
You should actually only need one *kind* of pepper spray, although carrying a backup canister of your preferred pepper spray is not a bad idea. You shouldn't rely on it as your only defensive weapon, though, because pepper spray has a lot of downsides, chief among them being that it works against you rather than for you if the wind is blowing the wrong direction. It also tends to have a short range. There are some pepper sprays that will reach 15 feet, but most have a maximum effective range of 10 feet or less. So you should carry something *in addition to* pepper spray if you can. If you want to maintain less lethal options, the Taser Pulse+ is supposed to be pretty excellent, has a range of 15 feet, comes with 2 cartridges, has contact stun capability, and runs on CR123 batteries, which are readily available. Of course, there are some states that require a background check to buy a taser, require a permit to carry one concealed, or won't let you carry it outside of your home, which is stupid, but then again, that's what governments are for, get in a man's way. You should ideally deploy your weapons against your attacker before they're able to get into physical contact distance with you, especially if your attacker is larger than you are. But if you *do* have to physically fight of an assailant, knowing a full contact martial art is going to put you several steps ahead of most people in winning the fight.
Why does the, I presume ISTJ, have a wibbly mouth and look like he's about to cry?
I know a secret that stops procrastination. I'll tell you about it later.
Even male ISFJs are "the mom."
This post is amusing to me because when I worked helpdesk in a call center, our training included the instruction "Do not engage in small talk with the customers. Fix their problem and get them off the phone." Of course, *everybody* engaged in small talk with the customers. Even I did it, although I never initiated it. I got pretty good at absentmindedly responding to small talk without getting caught up in it. And as soon as I had finished looking up what I needed to look up or loading whatever I needed to load, or waiting for their computer to finish rebooting, I'd direct them straight back to the task at hand. Despite that, my AHTs were a bit higher than average, because I made it a point to actually fix the problem(s) rather than trying to rush them customer into an excuse to get them off of the phone.
So now you need to make up a story as to why the ISTJ's about to cry so it can be intentional. Maybe the ESFP or ENTP spotted them from across the room and is headed their way?
Until it is done.
There is no overkill. There is only "open fire" and "I need to reload."
And they are lovely, wherever they may be found.
Yes, for the rest of our lives.
Only one way to find out.
And it was delayed even more than Daikatana.
French Scientist: American animals are inferior to European animals. Thomas Jefferson: The ***fuck*** did you just say? French Scientist: You 'eard me. Thomas Jefferson: Hold that thought... ===== Soldiers: You want us to what? Thomas Jefferson: You heard me. Soldiers: Why? Thomas Jefferson: The French said- Soldiers: Oh, fuck those frogs! Hold our beers.
Yes, but "hold my beer" is memetic, whereas "hold my cider" is not. I could have also said "Hold my goldenrod tisane" and been more era appropriate, but again, not memetic.
I would think you feel pretty every day, since, you know...you are.
It's seen that way pretty much everywhere, AFAIK, but I've been assured several times here on Reddit that it's not possible to be racist against white people, and the French are white, so they're fair game.
&gt;Redditors are legit retarded though I concur wholeheartedly.
Their loss. You're beautiful.
The Democrats aren't exactly setting a high standard, either. Election 2020: Cheeto vs. Potted Plant, get ready for the least articulate Presidential debates in the history of the United States.
I have no source to confirm what your Facebook acquaintance is saying, but from what I've read about antibody testing, it may not be unreasonable. There are two main types of antibodies that get tested for. IgM antibodies and IgG antibodies. IgM antibodies are the first to be formed when your body starts to fight off an infection. You can show positive for IgM antibodies pretty early (4-5 days, from what I've read in various places that I can't seem to find right now for some reason). IgM tends to peak around 21 days and has a half-life of 5-6 days, so it will remain detectable in the blood potentially for a few weeks after recovery. IgG antibodies are slower to develop (7-10 days) and remain in the blood longer after the virus has passed. These are the antibodies that typically (not necessarily with COVID, insufficient data for that one yet) confer immunity once they exist in sufficient numbers in the blood.
Initial instructions unclear. Only directive = Flatten. Structure appears to resist flattening along horizontal axis, searching for path of least resistance. Structure flattens easily on vertical axis. Flattening. Curve flattened. Instructions completed, shutting down.
&gt;Do you believe peaceful protest have been attacked by police ? They have been in some places, but I've seen no evidence of that in Tulsa. If you have any, I'd be happy to look at it. &gt;Meaning if a protest remains peaceful then the police will not interfere with it? That is my expectation for Trump's rally this weekend, at least. *If* the attendees, protesters, and counter protesters remain peaceful, I expect the Tulsa police will not interfere with them.
When I took mine (a long time ago), the proctor told me to parallel park. I asked if I had enough points to pass the test without parallel parking, and he responded with something like "As long as you don't do anything stupid on the way back." So I just didn't parallel park, we went back, and I got my DL. So, stay solid everywhere else (don't speed, do use your turn signals, come to complete stops, turn your head, not just your eyes, when looking for crossing traffic so they can tell you did it, etc.) and you may not have to do it at all.
Like /u/burkiniwax said: Tribal cultural centers. We also have [this](https://nationalcowboymuseum.org/). [This is also a thing](https://memorialmuseum.com/), although I wish it weren't. We also have a variety of other museums that are unique to Oklahoma in addition to the standard art museums. [https://www.travelok.com/listings/search/10?tags\[\]=162](https://www.travelok.com/listings/search/10?tags[]=162) [https://www.travelok.com/listings/search/2?tags\[\]=162](https://www.travelok.com/listings/search/2?tags[]=162)
&gt;Oh, those are day over day changes so I wouldn't put much weight on those. Ah. I must have skimmed right over the part that indicated that, then.
If you are currently suffering from that sunburn, get yourself some aloe vera. It helps a lot.
I think it was stupid and disgusting, and I hope that someone who has his ear took him aside and said "Goddammit, Donnie, WTF were you thinking? Don't do that shit again."
&gt; I fill fortunate that having to by something from a store to fill adequate has never crossed my mind. I'm pretty sure, you mean "feel" rather than "fill" here. I'm guessing autocorrect got the better of you. Just in case English isn't your first language or someone else reading this is using Engish as a second ,third, or fifteenth language (there are a *lot* of Redditors who are multilingual) and is like "what's the difference?" I'll leave you with this: "Fill" as a verb is to "cause (a space or container) to become full or almost full," "become an overwhelming presence in; pervade," "appoint a person to hold (a vacant post)," or "be supplied with the items described in (a prescription or order)," depending on usage/context. Based on the context of your usage, "feel," meaning "experience (an emotion or sensation)" or "have a belief or impression, especially without an identifiable reason" seems more appropriate.
I get your point, and I generally agree with you, but I'm going to nitpick for a moment. Humans are a race. Skin color is just an adaptation to the environment. We will continue to have problems with this thing we call "racism" until we all unite behind that fact. "Racism," when defined as "prejudice against another person or people based on the color of their skin" is just an unhealthy form of tribalism. Not all tribalism is bad. It can help pull us together to do things like stomping out those Nazi bastards or putting the first person in space or the first person on the moon. But the "that person looks different than I do, therefore they are bad and inferior and subhuman" form of tribalism that we call "racism" is bad, full stop.
We tried having Black only spaces. Jim Crow laws were bad in the 100 years we had them after the Civil War, and they're bad now, no matter how much you try to polish that particular turd.
&gt; already a dedicated follower. Miss me with that shit. I didn't vote for him in '16, and I won't be voting for him in '20. I also didn't vote for Hillary, and I won't be voting for Biden. I'm a Libertarian, and I vote accordingly.
No makeup is best makeup.
:|
You probably weren't enunciating "aboot" and ending your sentences with "eh?" enough for them to recognize your Canadianness. Maybe if you brought up hockey they'd have gotten it? I kid, of course. Most Canadians I've dealt with have been great people.
/r/midriff
They're brown, and they're lovely.
And you're gorgeous.
Definitely.
Probably not the best time to do this since the Governor had gone to Washington to meet with the President, and flew into Tulsa with him. Maybe try again when the Governor is actually home.
You're welcome. :D
That was the first plague.
You're welcome! :D
Shiny!
This is me with stimpaks in Fallout games.
/r/gonenatural, because no makeup needed.
Her midriff is what convinced me to start watching Big Bang Theory.
Yes.
Yeah, Jennifer Lawrence is gorgeous, and so are you. I don't suppose you have any pictures (preferably SFW, never know who's going to walk in, right?) of you with brown hair? Oh! I bet you'd make a stunning redhead. I mean, not that you're not already stunning, just saying, you know, red hair.
Not sure if roast or thirsty boi trying to drop a pickup line...
Yeah, BJJ is more about grappling which is not necessarily a good way for a smaller person to fight off an attacker, but part of grappling is how to get *out* of a grapple. I've heard Krav Maga is good against larger opponents, but I've not taken a Krav Maga class, so I can't say. You don't have to completely defeat your opponent in a self-defense situation. You only need to disrupt them enough to break contact and escape. A hard punch to the solar plexus or a swift kick to the boys will often do. The trick is delivering those blows without hurting yourself. Also, I'm not sure how old your children are, but getting them involved in a martial art early will put them miles ahead of any potential attackers for their whole lives. I'm still very pro-gun on the self-defense front, but there *are* other options, and having multiple tools in your "I don't wanna die today" toolbox is never a bad idea.
Neither. I want a partner, not a master or a slave.
&gt;However, when it comes to emotions, I feel like they’re not as communicative, especially my SO. If any of them are annoyed with me, they tend to be passive aggressive and make me draw it out of them (which makes me feel pushy and tired). Does anyone know why they do this? ***Introverted*** Feeling. I can't speak for other ISTJs, but emotions are not my strong suit. I have them, but I don't process most of them in anything resembling efficiently. Additionally, my ability to multitask is non-existent, so *talking about them* before I've **fully processed them** makes it virtually impossible for me to successfully fully process them. &gt;I feel like I spend a lot of time trying to read them so that I can tell when they’re in a bad mood so I can help them work through it, otherwise I end up getting passive aggressiveness and the silent treatment, when I don’t even know what’s wrong. *Forcing* me to talk about my emotions while I'm trying to fully process them makes me push those emotions to the back burner and process an emotion that is much easier to handle on the fly, which is "anger." This may come off as "passive aggressive" because I'm doing my best to not be *actively* aggressive. I know your ENFP nature is to try to help people with emotions, but sometimes (almost always, in my case) it's just not helpful. My suggestion: Stop it. My suggestion that you're more likely to follow: When one of your ISTJs is "in a mood," approach them, say something to the effect of "I can tell something is bothering you. I know you may need to work through some or all of it on your own, but I am here if you need anything."
Have you considered the possibility that your attempts to help, no matter how well intentioned, may actually be pissing off your ISTJ friend? Maybe try "Hey, I can tell something's bothering you. I'm here if you want to talk about it, and if you don't, that's cool, too" and then let it go?
&gt;But they expect me to read their minds when they're mad? I can't speak for your ISTJs, but for *this* ISTJ, no. When I'm mad, I want you to leave me the hell alone so I can deal with my shit. And if you can't find it in your ENFPness to at least *try* to leave me alone, give me a "I'm here to talk if you need it" so you can feel like you did a thing and then leave me alone. Pestering me in your attempts to help won't actually help. It will just piss me off further and add you to the list of people, places, and things at which I'm pissed.
&gt;But let’s say I mispronounce your cats name and it reallyyyy bothers you. But instead of correcting me, you just get annoyed and start to avoid me or be passive aggressive. Not the person you're asking, but my response to this: 1. I don't have a cat, but I'll replace "cat" with "dog" so it makes sense. 2. I would just correct you. If you've only seen my pet's name written and it's somehow odd, you might not be able to pronounce it initially. Example: My mom had a dog named "Cobocca" (if I remember the spelling correctly, but it definitely started with "Cob"), which is the Russian word for "dog." It is not pronounced phonetically. It's pronounced "Suhbockkuh," which few, if any, would guess from the written spelling. 3. The only scenario I can imagine where I might get upset over this is if I have corrected your pronunciation, especially if I have corrected it multiple times, and you still pronounce it incorrectly. At that point, I can only assume that you're either doing it intentionally, or you're an idiot. &gt; Why wouldn’t you just tell me I’m doing something to bother you? Depends on the something and whether the fact that it bothers me is a "me problem" or a "you problem." Example: The sound of hook and loop fasteners annoy me. They always have, ever since I was a child. I learned to tie my shoes so I wouldn't have to listen to Velcro every day. If you have a garment, especially one that you really like, that fastens with hook and loop and I have to listen to that while you disrobe once every week or two, that's a "me problem." If, however, you have a garment that fastens with hook and loop that you proceed to fidget with said hook and loop, I would ask you to stop. If it's a nervous habit or something you've always done to fidget, I understand that it may take time for you to break that habit or replace that fidget (not the garment itself, just the tendency to fidget with the fastener). But if it seems that you're making no attempt to change your habit, I can only assume that you're doing it to intentionally annoy me or that you don't respect me enough to make that minor change. That's a "you problem," and since I've already addressed it, I don't see how bringing it up again is going to change anything.
In my experience, that doesn't work.
&gt; you're just hinting towards us asking you about it There's your problem. ISTJs don't "hint." "Subtlety" is a word in our vocabulary, but it is not a tool in our toolbox. Some of us just have Resting Bitch/Bastard Face, and when we say "nothing" is wrong, it's because nothing is wrong, that's just our face, and really, we probably just want to be left alone, and we probably told you that at some point. And if something is wrong and I say "I don't want to talk about it," you should go away and leav e me alone. But when you poke and prod and keep asking me what's wrong, suddenly, the biggest thing that's wrong is you not leaving me alone. So then I yell at you to leave me alone, and you do, but you go crying through the house and then mom asks why I made you cry and when I tell her I yelled at you because you wouldn't leave me alone, suddenly, I'm the bad guy, and I'm getting yelled at and grounded. And other than getting yelled at, that kind of worked out for me, because at least when I'm grounded, I get left alone. And after 10 or 12 years of this, my mom finally decides that maybe you shouldn't be pestering me and tells you "SecuritySix is in a mood. Just leave him alone. He'll be fine in a little while," which finally gets you to leave me alone and I finally stop getting in trouble for making you cry, but I was never really "in a mood" until you pestered me into one. I just wanted to be left alone.
Sounds like you're looking for a healthy IxTJ.
&gt;Plus your pants still get wet even with a good jacket. When the rain is going sideways, as it often does in Oklahoma, your pants get wet anyway.
&gt;ABSOLUTELY detest wet socks Seconded.
Hrm....interesting. Do you have problems with blue in other places, or just the sky?
I think we can rule out cyanophobia, then. I'm at a loss for anything more specific than "mild agoraphobia triggered by clear, blue skies." Have you always (at least as long as you can remember) had a fear of clear, blue skies, or was that something that started later in life? If it started later in life, can you recall the events surrounding the first time you experienced feelings of anxiety when encountering blue skies?
&gt;The farthest back I can distinctly remember having it is probably 10 years old? Nothing traumatic happened around that time that I can recall OK, well, that rules out the likelihood of it being a post traumatic stress response. &gt;I wouldn't necessarily call it a fear as much as it's a constant, uncomfortable, unsettled, dislike. More of a general feeling of anxiety, then? I'm back to having nothing. I'll stick with my completely unprofessional diagnosis of "mild agoraphobia" and call it a day. :|
&gt;I did pick out our house and all the decor, our monthly budgets, our debt management, homemade raw meal plans for the dogs, meal plans for us humans, makes sure everyone else sees their doctors while planning mine... See? Not a burden. You contribute to the household in real, measurable, and meaningful ways.
This is the most aggressively ENFP thing I've ever read.
You could very easily be worthy, though. It's not actually difficult. You don't have to instantly meet the high standards. Show a genuine desire to do so, seek help from your TJ senpai of choice while not significantly impacting their ability to complete their assigned tasks, and learn from whatever mistakes you make along the way. And whatever you do, don't think "but those standards are impossibly high!" They're not. You can do it. We believe in you. If we didn't, we wouldn't bother setting standards for you to begin with.
&gt;Will probably like your dog more than you Well, then we have that in common, because I like my dog more than I like me, too.
&gt;It comes across as if they feel better than you and they perceive you as unworthy of their smile Lolwut? You think they see you smile, then go through the thought process of "Peasant! How dare you smile at me?! I shall deny you the honor of smiling at you now, for you are unworthy of my visage graced by happiness!"? &gt;...but then I realize they're probably just awkward *I'm* awkward, but if I notice someone smiling at me in a non-murderhobo/non-psychotic way, I'll usually smile back.
Moar, please?
Good story. Caught a typo you might want to fix: &gt;evaded capture ~~four~~ for 3 \[approx 2/3rds of a week\] alone. There might be another one or two, but this is the only one that reached out and slapped me in the face.
I *meant* to do that!
Still closer than the Dakotas. :P
Happy birthday!
I made it through Season 1, made it through Season 2 (almost Alt+F4'd out of it at one point, though), haven't bothered to play any of it after that.
Especially if you're as bad at platformers as I am. I feel bad for the little dude...
Given the angle of your seatbelt, I believe you...or you mirrored the image before posting it, but passenger seat is the simpler explanation.
Don't waste the money. You can get the same job by brushing your tongue with your toothbrush.
Good story. One criticism: &gt;The juggernauts struggled to breath. The word you were looking for here is "breathe." That "e" on the end changes the pronunciation from a short vowel sound to a long vowel sound and changes the word from a noun to a verb. It's correct everywhere else, but in this one sentence, you need that "e" on the end.
Yep.
No. Sidebar specifically says it is "A subreddit dedicated to females with beautiful eyes." Head over to /r/eyes. All are welcome there.
No, thank you for posting. Hopefully you'll be a regular here and over at /r/midriff, because your tummy is amazing.
Excals turned crap for a few years. According to [this video](https://youtu.be/LIUraLYvLj8), Excalibur has been updated for 2020 and is good again. I have no experience with Alien Neon Invasion.
That works, too...
Good story. Found a typo, thought you might want to fix it: &gt;We are doing the same to all ~~out~~ our allies
They look blue to me.
A group of chess enthusiasts checked into a hotel and were standing in the lobby discussing their recent tournament victories. After about an hour, the manager came out of the office and asked them to disperse. “But why?” they asked as they moved off. “Because," he said, “I can’t stand chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.”
Brown.
Oh, thank God! I'm too young and too poor to even *accidentally* date this one!
&gt; I be the vast majority of gun deaths in the U.S. were also unarmed Around 60% of gun deaths in the US are actually suicides, so no. &gt; you're more likely to die during a break in if you own a gun than people who don't own guns. The "study" that claim was based on failed peer review, because their methodology was not repeatable and was mathematically flawed. &gt; So it's not a very valid form of protection if it makes you more likely to get killed. Studies have shown that firearms are used defensively by civilians over 2 million times per year. A shot is rarely fired, and when it is, it's not always fatal. Studies have also shown that civilians are less likely than police to shoot an innocent person, whether that is due to mistaken identity or a shot missing/passing through their intended target and hitting a bystander.
I don't recall.
Heh.
If I can see what I'm doing, yes. If I cannot see what I'm doing, then sometimes.
Nothing's sexier than good trigger discipline, but a nerdy girl with a tight tummy is close.
I've carried a needlenosed Gerber multiplier 600 for years. The only problem I've ever had with it is that I've broken off both of the flat screwdriver tips because I tried to use them as a pry bar, which is not the fault of the tool.
Video should have stopped at 4 seconds. Everything after that is irrelevant.
No makeup because you don't need it.
Beautiful, but sad looking.
That's because you have nice eyes.
/r/Redhead /r/RedheadedGodesses
I know that feeling. That's why I keep all of the curtains closed. I still have to worry about moonburn when I walk dogs at night, though.
Works for me.
Guess I'd better start climbing...
Yeah, hoss, you're gonna need that sword awful quick. Only 2 mags?
&gt;It's been a challenge finding a partner because I can't tell if a woman likes me. I typically assume she's just being nice, and don't do anything about it. Woah there! You don't gotta attack me like that, bro!
I'll see your "hubba hubba" and raise you a "yowza!".
I've only been to Kilkenny's once (parking is too much of a pain, IMO), but I had their hamburger, and it was excellent.
&gt;acoustic version of “layla” by eric clapton Best version of that song ever. I like most of Clapton's stuff, but for some reason, "Rock and Roll Heart" is probably my favorite of his, or at least in a close race with the unplugged version of "Layla" for that spot.
No, don't. Everyone leaves us alone while they fawn over the intuitives. How do you think sensors get shit done?
Dude (or dudette), head over to /r/ENFP and announce yourself as an INTJ. They'll basically throw their panties at you like you're a rockstar on stage.
That's because we're sensors and all sensors are unbearable assholes, except ISFJs, because they'll mindlessly bake you cookies.
You can actually take some steps to be like Batman. One of those steps is inheriting a massive fortune after watching your parents be murdered, which I don't recommend. But another one of those steps is mastering every martial art known to man. You can do it. I believe in you.
How did you account for the fact that anyone can subscribe to any of the MBTI subs? For example, I'm subbed to /r/ENFP, /r/ESFP, /r/ENTJ, and /r/ISFJ in addition to /r/ISTJ.
We *are* pretty awesome. My best friend since childhood is an INTP. You guys can be pretty awesome, too.
For me, it's more often *I've smelled that before. What is it? Where did I smell it? Why can't I figure out WTF this smell is?* "Hey, does anybody else smell that?"
&gt;I'm so used to smiling at people that I forgot that people can't see that behind a mask Doesn't matter. A real smile reaches all the way to the eyes, and people can see that. A smile also reaches into the voice, and people can hear that (I learned that working in ~~Hell~~ a call center). Smile anyway.
... ... ... ... Dayum!
You know you do.
Cool. So you know that's not one? At least we see good trigger discipline here. There's nothing sexier than good trigger discipline.
Trigger discipline.
That's a bit of a slippery slope you're treading... &gt;Anyone with a ~~nazi~~ LGBTQ pride flag shouldn't be allowed to own a gun &gt; &gt;Anyone with a ~~nazi~~ National Women's Party flag shouldn't be allowed to own a gun &gt; &gt;Anyone with a ~~nazi~~ Nation of Islam flag shouldn't be allowed to own a gun Hope it doesn't get steeper... &gt;Anyone with a ~~nazi~~ LGBTQ pride flag shouldn't be allowed to ~~own a gun~~ vote &gt; &gt;Anyone with a ~~nazi~~ National Women's Party flag shouldn't be allowed to ~~own a gun~~ vote &gt; &gt;Anyone with a ~~nazi~~ Nation of Islam flag shouldn't be allowed to ~~own a gun~~ vote
No individual has the right to deny another person access to their civil rights. Every individual has the right to practice free speech, even if they use that right stupidly. Government exists to protect our civil rights as long as our exercise of those rights is not harming anyone else (either physically or by interfering with their ability to exercise their civil rights). If the government is not doing that, it has failed. This woman had no right to attempt to steal his flags. Theft is wrong, even if you are stealing from a Nazi piece of shit. The article says "His flags got stolen a couple times when he first put them out but nothing ever came of it." It was reasonable for him to expect someone to attempt to steal his flags again. It was *not* reasonable for him to respond to that with deadly force. Shooting this woman (even shooting *at* this woman) for stealing the flag was abhorrent and obviously inappropriate. Quality security cameras, motion activated lights, and handing over the camera footage when reporting the theft would have been an appropriate response. But now, this Nazi piece of shit is going to become a hero to other Nazi pieces of shit, all because this woman committed a stupid and petty crime for which she may or may not be charged.
I'm comparing suppressing the rights of a group of people based on their ideology to suppressing the rights of a group of people based on their ideology. It's the same twisted logic, regardless of which group you apply it to. Either a right belongs to everybody, because everybody is a human being, or it's not a right, it's a privilege. And if it's a privilege, it only belongs to those who can seize and maintain enough power to hold onto it, and they can use that power to deny those they consider to be lesser.
Well, *somebody* has to restore stability after you intuitive types opened Pandora's box and unleashed chaos on the world...
&gt;Maybe they want less memes about sensor hate, maybe they want more sensor hate. The goal is unclear :) A very astute observation. Almost sensor-like in its astuteness, even... \*squints\* Are you mistyped? /s
I have my moments. Also, I really *do* like cake, as my waistline will attest.
&gt;online dating I've had no luck there. To be fair, I put in minimal effort when I was trying it, limited it to one site (which I only signed up for because of the fun tests), and I've long since deleted my profile there due to changes in the site's rules. I should probably consider putting in a real, actual effort at some point.
And now I'm confused, because I don't know if that's some sort of innuendo, and if it is, what it might be innuendo for. :P
No, but prohibiting or limiting the rights of the two groups is based on a similar flawed premise, which is the premise that they have less access to rights or no rights because of their group affiliation. Human rights exist because you're human. Any other group affiliation is irrelevant in determining whether or not a person has rights. Saying "this group of people doesn't get to have human rights because they are lesser" is the logic by which LGBTQ, blacks, Native Americans, and a whole host of other groups have been denied their human rights throughout history. Saying "this group of people doesn't get to have human rights because I disagree with their political ideology" is no different. You're using your position as a "superior being" to suppress someones rights. Suppressing dissenting opinions is also how extreme political ideologies take hold. That's how fascism took hold in Italy and Germany prior to World War 2. It's how communism maintained its stranglehold on the Soviet Union.
The consequence is that you get to express your opinion and tell a Nazi that you think he's a piece of shit, which is also part of free speech. Or you can shun them and encourage others to shun them. You do not have the right to trespass on or steal private property or otherwise initiate force or violence against another person who is expressing their opinion and exercising their right to free speech. Perhaps you've forgotten that one of the tenets of fascism is the forcible suppression of opposition.
Fair.
Yep. I get around. Like a record....wait...probably not the context I want to reference... :P
Um...Let's see...baking...what're we baking? Cake is different than bread. We have to knead the dough for bread. We'll need the yeast that /u/petaboil mentioned, which is in short supply. Wait, no...we can just make hardtack. All we need for that is flour and water. Mix the ingredients, cut to desired size, put it in the oven, and let it bake until it's done. I've got something we can stir with *and* use to put the hard tack in the oven... Or we can do cake... If you've got the oven, I'll assume you can also provide the eggs and milk, so I'll take care of the rest of the batter. Stir together and put that in the oven and bake until done. I think we're onto something here...
I don't know why people are downvoting you. I'm guessing they don't get it, so I'll explain on your behalf. The video game *Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare* (2014) contains a scene where the player's character is attending a funeral. During that scene, the player is prompted to press "F" on their keyboard (or "X" on their controller) to pay respects to the departed. This poster is expressing his respect for the fallen officer in the form of a meme. F, indeed.
Be still my heart.
You are probably correct. I don't believe that /u/YouFellAsleep-WakeUp intended any offence. I could be incorrect, but I suspect that she/he/it *intended* respect, and that's how I perceived it.
