Kathy Griffin is sitting back, tea in hand, watching this disaster of a show with a smirk. Bring back Kathy.
*^[Willam ^voice]* They're all bottoms.
I love me a good pedantic comeback.
Melbourne season 3.
1,090 parking spaces on top of a Red Line station...
I sourced the direct source for GDP and broader economic data in the US (apart from the labor market). You're completely misreading statistics that are reported as *seasonally adjusted at annual rates*, not year-over-year growth in real GDP.
Lea Black is I-C-O-N-I-C. That is all.
Janet Roach.
EVERYBODY IN MELBOURNE. (With hand wave.)
It's pronounced "gif".
But DDOT needs to do *another* 16th Street study!
Harold Holt, the Prime Minister of Australia from 1966 to 1967, disappeared while swimming in the ocean and is presumed to have drowned, but no one knows and his body has never been found. In a warped bit of humour, though, [the Aussies named a swimming centre after him.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harold_Holt_Memorial_Swimming_Centre)
[Victoria's view of Bondi Beach is insane.](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2017/03/18/03/3E63778E00000578-4325854-image-a-1_1489807455245.jpg)
Trying to save face after voting for tax "reform", I take it?
I appreciate Mary Cheh's troll game.
The Democrats aren't perfect but to say that they don't believe in infrastructure spending and view it the same way as Republicans is just flat-out wrong.
I-C-O-N-I-C.
Seventy-oneth floor.
Maybe this makes me old, but if I saw DSL I'd ask why you haven't found a better internet provider.
Not really. New York is the safest city in the US and pretty much every major European city is safer than New York in terms of violent crime.
Not living there anymore.
Not in my backyard-ism.
I'm a native English speaker and honestly I have absolutely no clue how people master phrasal verbs.
I was under the impression that Danish had the largest sound inventory, although that may be a reference to just vowels.
Scheana will never be as iconic as LuAnn. Ever.
The difference, at least in my view, is that I don't think that Ramona is intentionally malicious, whereas Vicki most certainly is and badly tries to cover it up.
*[puffs e-cigarette]*
The memes shall remain dank.
R46s have dot-matrix rollsigns, while R68s have analogue/printed ones.
Teddi's "did you know I like horses" is this season's "the Agency".
As a person, Dorit is definitely more unlikeable, but Dorit is also a trainwreck of bad decisions which is fantastic for a reality show. Teddi is violating the cardinal sin: don't be boring.
Do permanent residents and those with proper work authorization who aren't citizens not deserve representation even though they contribute into the system through federal tax and are subject to and follow federal law? Additionally, counting *all* residents, not just citizens, is important in terms of demographic data for the distribution of resources and funding.
I've learned that, despite living in Manhattan, I'm actually in Brooklyn because you're in high school.
&gt; Putin has done "a really great job outsmarting our country". I mean he's not wrong. We're failing miserably to deal with their insanely aggressive cyber warfare.
No disagreement from me.
Gina isn't a particularly great person, but she's absolutely fantastic television. That being said, Gamble is a national treasure and I worship her.
The US as a whole is a joke when it comes to cost containment for infrastructure. This isn't a California-specific problem. Look at how expensive the Second Avenue Subway was in New York. That doesn't mean the projects aren't worthwhile, but rather that we need better project management, expertise and bidding processes.
Because there's always the potential for an innocent person to be killed.
You mean like the Gateway Project that Trump just canned and, if not built, will result in a crisis for the country's largest metropolitan economy and broader regional agglomeration?
I still don't get what legal recourse the feds have to try and incarcerate a mayor for upholding sanctuary city policies. Local and state officials aren't responsible for enforcing federal law.
Honestly, the entire cast should just be chaotic evil with Lisa sitting on the sidelines drinking a cup of tea and raking in the royalties from being an executive producer.
Paris' density gets a boost from only really being the urban core, whereas New York has Staten Island and large chunks of low-density suburban areas in the other outer boroughs. Manhattan's population density is around 72,000 people per square mile, whereas Paris' is 54,000 per square mile. Otherwise, agreed that mid-rise is just as important for density.
Swiss Navy, Gun Oil or bust.
Kim would be tossing chicken salad with her hands while on a bunch of…substances.
Wouldn't it be *brûle(z) ma crème* since we're using the imperative?
As a Democrat in New York, de Blasio isn't really that popular. He got such a margin because 1) Republicans fielded an abysmal idiot of an opponent, 2) turnout was low and 3) the city is solidly blue. He gets a ton of derision even from liberals. That said, yeah, it'd end really badly, but more because we hate Trump than like de Blasio.
Armie &gt; Timothée but I'm also a messy bottom so...your move.
My car didn't even start...
See I'm a furnace anyway so the latter portion of your statement is actually not a benefit to me.
FULLY.
RuPaul's Drag Race would like a word with you.
Immigrant to Switzerland or originally Swiss and moved to the US? If the former, damn, you earned it. That is *tough*.
Not necessarily. The yen is a big reserve currency and is artificially weak; the won is less of a reserve currency but takes a similar approach. The dollar's standing is more influenced by the sheer volume of trade that uses it, the value of exports, the ability of the US to pay off its debt (thus being viewed as a reliable asset) and the Fed's ability to oversee the money supply.
I dislike both Dorit and Teddi but I'll take Dorit only because she's a mess and actually brings something to the show that isn't a monotone comment about being a mother or liking horses.
I was going to get her some pills for that.
\#hashtagoverload
Melbourne is flawless. Can we have a moment to appreciate that, despite not being a huge part of this episode, Gamble has been a goddamn VIP in ways I couldn't even imagine this season? I've loved her for a while but she is *bringing it*.
[Erykah Badu did an AMA on /r/hiphopheads and it is golden.](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/3x3n12/im_erykah_badu_if_you_see_me_in_a_fight_with_a/?st=jcuozlk5&amp;sh=2ce591e6)
I love the AS3 cast, but I have honestly no clue how they can beat this. AS2 and season six are in a league of their own in terms of how good the casting was.
One Bennett Park is classic Robert AM Stern. He's used the same design at 220 Central Park South and 30 Park Place in New York.
It's more hilarious to me just because you know that Janet and Lydia both absolutely hate each other with a burning passion. (I'm Team Janet ride or die.)
She's pretty awful to Figaro, too. Poor guy just wants to escape.
It's not even so much pollution, but rather this asinine reflex against any sort of government regulation from a significant share of the population. Doesn't matter if the regulation is meant to help them; it's still the logic of "government = bad".
Does it come with a modernist painting of the Constitution for Trump to use as toilet paper?
The UK would be sitting on the side drinking tea and tutting.
Given how much more competent the EU is in terms of regulatory mechanisms than the Trump administration is at pretty much anything, this is going to be brutal.
I used to live in his district. That place could easily flip because those rich suburbanites are *pissed*.
Yup. I need my villains to be somewhat like parodies because it means that I can be entertained by them; Gina does this perfectly. It's almost campy.
Not the only thing that's spread.
I'm a staunch capitalist and I find this (and the Republican Party in general) atrocious. They stand for corporatocracy, not capitalism.
I'm honestly only still watching Beverly Hills because Lisa Rinna is an icon otherwise I'd stop. Not even Dorit's messy ineptitude can save it.
This is the messiness I never knew I needed.
Norway is incredibly capitalist, just with a very comprehensive safety net. It's not some socialist paradise.
If we're now honest and practical, we should stop this entire absurd process that anyone with an iota of common sense could see is only damaging and, in many respects, impossible given how intertwined almost every aspect of the British economy and society is with the European Union and the single market.
The Paris Metro is the densest network in the world, with 2.8 stations per square kilometre (7.2 per square mile).
Congressional leadership *is* red states, though. Kentucky and Wisconsin are on the target list and home to McConnell and Ryan, respectively.
You can't have "access" to the single market. You're either in it or not, and being outside of it is a disaster in the making. Stop perpetuating that line. It's bullshit.
Bourbon, transportation and industrial equipment, chemicals and building materials are their big ones.
Can we ban titles with unnecessary shouting caps? Thanks.
Slippin' in, though...that's a different story.
Those photos were from a completely different issue: unaccompanied minors at the border. There was no family separation there; it was a stopgap measure before finding them somewhere to go.
International Business Machines' machines...
Jonathan is easily the best.
Except that super-diverse cities such as London, New York, Toronto, Sydney and Melbourne are some of the most dynamic and innovative places in the world but OK.
Well as someone who's lived in both London and New York, I do know their crime rates. They're both very safe.
New York's entire history is mass migration, London was at the center of the world's largest empire, Sydney is a melting pot with a business base as a key Asia-Pacific financial hub and Melbourne is a cultural powerhouse and consistently ranked as the most livable city on Earth.
Use Apple Pay.
It's based on voting-age population for the purposes of votes per elector, which is why it's ~10m lower than expected. Apportionment is determined by total population.
I'm so aroused right now.
The thing is...the US has a pretty damn good deal as it is. Sure, he can do whatever is vested in the executive when it comes to trade, but the underlying rationale doesn't hold up.
Wyoming also has the same number of senators as California and gets significantly more power in the Electoral College because of the requirement to have a minimum of three votes. Given the importance of the Senate in relation to the confirmation process for appointees and the Electoral College for the presidency, yeah, Wyoming has more influence per capita than California or many other large states.
Capx is pro-Brexit, which is inextricably linked with Russia and therefore reluctant to go after sanctions. I’m not buying this.
Real Housewives is my guilty pleasure and honestly I've stopped caring at this point.
Tipping.
Holy fuck Guido is obsessed with student politics. Is there nothing else that they can cover? Oh wait no.
What the fuck, Tumblr?
I love the comments. "That chick is attractive" referring to LuAnn.
I need a better dealer to get through this.
Civil rights, social policy, worker's rights and so on are prevalent in FTAs. Larger nations use their influence and smaller, developing countries' desire to access markets as a means of influencing domestic policy.
All the major opposition parties have signed onto a letter to request that Theresa May's government be held in contempt of Parliament for not publishing the entirety of Brexit legal advice. Shit's gonna go down.
Why do you hate the global sex poor?
What I would give for Brian Blessed to be an MP solely to see/hear that every week at PMQs.
Kamala/Beto is so obvious it's nuts.
4WTC is one of the best examples of modern Japanese design I've seen in a US skyscraper. It's almost *too* simple, but the quality and scale just work.
The Express is such garbage. The EU isn't punishing the UK.
It's only taking back control when it involves fucking up supply chains, stopping skilled migration and tanking the economy to go on a regulatory bonfire, not doing their job.
Can the Queen just overthrow the government already and institute absolute monarchy kthx.
Achetez Bitcoin*
Oh wow. I feel so awful. ^^^/s
Danke schön.
Putting aside that CIS is largely bullshit, if non-citizen households are paying taxes, what's the issue with them accessing welfare programs as needed? They're contributing to the safety net.
I can't say that I always agree with Margaret Beckett, but this is simply spot-on.
*[insert "I don't want to live on this planet anymore" meme here]*
Womp womp.
I don't really think that Meghan has any opinions of her own that don't start with "well my father".
[Sure thing, Daddy Trudeau.](https://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2018/dec/03/alexandria-ocasio-cortez/alexandria-ocasio-cortez-wrong-scale-pentagon-acco/)
Eh I think "false" is fair here. She took a legitimate stat entirely out of context and tried to pass it off to make a broader point. "Pants on fire" is really reserved for things that have absolutely zero basis in reality. The $21tr figure does exist; she just doesn't know or seem to care about the underlying methodology.
[Yis.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/a2txrz/alexandria_ocasiocortez_wrong_on_scale_of/?st=jpbaxfqh&amp;sh=951aa642)
Too bad because freedom of movement is a good thing for the economy. Le sigh.
They're wrong. Entering into multilateral treaties is an expression of sovereignty, not revocation of it. We understand that in a globalised economy, there are areas in which cooperation is necessary for a variety of activities, whether it be independent organisation to ensure compliance in international trade or certifications or the creation of harmonised regulation. The UK has at no time lost sovereignty: it is more than able to leave these unions and agreements, but it comes at a significant cost. The sheer level of interconnectivity between countries given the number and scope of agreements means that it's not pragmatic, but it's still possible.
I like the revised headline: "Festive Satanic statue added to Illinois statehouse".
Except he literally acted like a little shit and Hillary called him out for it in the coldest way possible by ignoring him.
Trinity has just been so on point consistently. I'm low-key rooting for her to win if she brings it at this level during AS4.
That's probably the best response to a constituent I've ever seen.
Tag urself I'm the funnel.
"I Want You" (albeit a cover) would be a good addition to this given that it's with Massive Attack.
...which I support. And it's not like London isn't building at all; far from it, London is building more than almost any other major city outside of Asia. It's just still not enough and NIMBYism is a bitch.
I have so many questions.
Well then don’t give the middle finger to your largest net contributors at the federal level when it comes to infrastructure. You want people in major metro areas to like you? Don’t block Gateway and similar projects.
Queen Nancy is such a boss in this fight. I love her.
A culture of bants.
The Queen is flawless.
If they weren't so insipid I'd be laughing more, but alas these people are partially why Republicans keep winning.
[Corbyn is such garbage.](https://twitter.com/jeremycorbyn/status/1072871538079092737)
Imagine if they put this much effort into coming up with a viable approach to Brexit.
Because the ERG constantly need something to complain about to distract from the reality that they have contributed nothing of substance to this political fiasco.
Nah they'll just bang on with that stupid "Brexit-in-name-only" mantra because obviously Brexit refers to something more hardline than "leave the EU".
"We both know who *really* holds all the cards."
Or the EU is a rules-based organisation and the UK keeps trying to weasel its way out of obligations?
Surprised it hasn’t been mentioned, but Pieces on Christopher Street is a classic gay bar. Duplex is also nearby for cabaret and musical performances if you’re into that. Stonewall seems to be mostly straight nowadays, on the other hand.
EU nationals in the UK are allowed to vote in local elections as well as those for devolved assemblies in the UK. It's not a totally black-and-white issue.
I'm sorry but no-deal shouldn't even be on the table as a possibility. This is absurd.
Iconic.
[Tulsi Gabbard is a homophobic Assad apologist so get her the fuck away from the primaries.](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/alexislevinson/tulsi-gabbard-2020-president-democrat-primary)
Similarly, the complexity is one of the reasons I love Russian. I'm assuming that they're close in terms of grammar and structure.
Because whenever she says stupid shit, right-wing media runs with it and makes Dems look bad even though their criticisms are somehow even dumber than what AOC says. She also has a tendency to attack Democrats for not being "progressive enough" for her, which is a total waste of time and not her decision to make.
Just allow bulk purchasing ffs.
This isn't even a shitpost, just a shit post.
Yeah cutting immigration that is a net positive contribution to the Treasury and broader economy is really smart. ^^/s
Nancy is progressive as hell and managed to get the ACA *with a public option* through the House (Lieberman killed that one in the Senate) as well as the first-ever carbon pricing scheme in the US through the form of ACES. The rhetoric against her from Democrats boggles my mind.
I really don't see that at all; if anything, she's become more vocal and blunt holding Trump accountable on live TV. She hasn't even technically become Speaker again yet but has already come out strong. She'll do a damn good job.
You know what's up.
Nancy got carbon taxation through the House a decade ago and climate change has been a part of the Democratic platform for far longer than AOC has been involved in politics. The Green New Deal isn't her idea (and it's barely even been written out in terms of policy), nor has she actually co-sponsored any legislation because...she's not yet seated in the House.
RuPaul 2020: "You betta werq."
[Fun fact: Our Revoluton-endorsed candidates fared 9.9 points *worse* against Republicans than the notional Cook PVI score.](https://twitter.com/Patrickesque/status/1075418474921394176)
How can New York's economy possibly be larger than Tokyo's?
This alone should be reason enough to cancel Brexit.
And then HuffPo will bitch about the even greater amount of inequality as a result of no-deal.
It has to be methodological in terms of what they're counting as Tokyo (maybe excluding Yokohama?) or New York because the numbers don't work otherwise: * New York: $2.5tr/21.3m = $117,371 * Tokyo: $1.9tr/38.1m = $49,869 There's no way that those GDP per capita figures make sense. Tokyo is one of the largest financial and business centers on the planet.
The fact that I have to agree with her makes me feel dirty inside.
I'm sorry but if your justification is "not the end of the world" then your standards are far too low and your point is bullshit.
Nancy is flawless.
Drama? Real Housewives of Beverly Hills? WHAT IS GOING ON?!
Maybe I’m biased because I’m from New York, but I think that New Yorkers are actually the nicest people in the US. What throws other Americans off is that in order for the city to function, people have to be direct, efficient and honest, and those traits are valued by New Yorkers but misread by others as rude. New Yorkers love giving subway directions as well and will fight amongst themselves to give a lost tourist the best possible route.
Lisa Rinna gives no fucks and it's why I love her so much.
I'd rather be chained to the EU through a backstop and no say over getting fucked over by American interests any day.
&gt; Sean McElwee Ew.
You can't be serious; the Italian economy was a mess well before the implementation of the euro.
Oh I thought that was hilarious.
Betty White is also older than sliced bread.
Pretty sure I just saw this on Qantas' Instagram. I always upvote Sydney. The most naturally beautiful city in the world.
I forget who wrote this but I always thought it was the best summation: "Neoliberals view markets as a means to an end; libertarians view markets as an end."
Kamala/Beto 2020.
Joe Biden supports the Hyde Amendment. I’ve never been a huge fan of his but that’s just a *bad* take.
He flipped back to supporting it today.
[Bad take, Butti.](https://www.axios.com/pete-buttigieg-trump-jerusalem-embassy-fd290900-d18b-4759-893f-983b06ccaff1.html)
Proroguing Parliament in order to crash out of the world's largest supranational union to appease a minority of voters is the epitome of undemocratic.
That's exactly *why* it's undemocratic. The referendum said "leave", not "no deal". No deal was never presented as a viable option and had it been on the ballot paper there's no way it would have won. Polling when asking what type of Brexit people wants shows that a plurality support remain. The primary talking point from Brexiteers is "take back control", and all proroguing Parliament leads to is Parliament having no control.
You're literally not allowing Parliament to do its job and, in turn, denigrating the concept of parliamentary sovereignty. It absolutely *is* undemocratic. We elect MPs to perform the tasks associated with representative democracy. To undermine that is to undermine the UK's constitutional foundations while also not having any legislative means to hold the Prime Minister and the Government accountable.
Is it just me or is it insane that people are even considering an interest rate *cut* at this point in the cycle?
Or who's still against marijuana legalization and supportive of the Hyde Amendment.
Three questions for LVT proponents from someone with an urban planning background who tends to be more pro-zoning (but in a radically reformed sense) after seeing how things can go awry without necessary oversight: 1) How do you determine what constitutes unimproved land, particularly in places like New York? Brownstones in places such as the Upper West Side are often some of the densest parts of the city, but on the surface look like they're not being used as effectively as they should? 2) How do you avoid sprawl or discordant scale if people will just develop at a lower-than-useful level to minimize or eliminate their tax liability? It seems like, in the absence of some degree of control, you'd struggle to get people to agree on the appropriate level of density and more inefficient land use as a whole. 3) As LVT is subject to significant fluctuations depending on the use of land at a given period of time, what methods do you have to coordinate longer-term strategic planning?
Philly is awesome and incredibly underrated. It's cheap but with great food, beautiful historic architecture and some fantastic museums.
My body is ready.
[I'm not normally one to put on a tin foil hat, but the fact that both MSNBC and CBS have deleted Kamala from their polling graphics despite polling higher than others on them is...suspicious.](https://twitter.com/IanSams/status/1140382339584991232)
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.
Berlin has a metric fuckton of underutilised land, so obviously the answer is freezing rents rather than encouraging more housing development.
So rather than build more housing, which isn't even that hard in Berlin given the city's relatively patchy urban form and underutilised swaths of land, they'd rather warp the market and institute policies that the vast majority of economists will tell you only make it harder to found housing. Sounds about right for Berlin.
It's not bottom shaming, it's calling yourself a daddy when you're blatantly not a daddy shaming.
It's weird. Berlin did for a long time have a shortage, but a combination of a recent rapid influx of investment because it's a creative and tech hub means that there's been a disconnect between growth and the ability to accommodate it. Berlin is up there with London, Paris, Amsterdam, Frankfurt, Madrid and Milan for inward capital flows.
Not necessarily; daddies don't intrinsically have to be dominant. It's a reference to age, appearance and build.
Well this is sort of the opposite of Merkel: it's the SPD, Greens and the Left who run Berlin's local government.
The Tube isn't any better for air quality given all the particulate matter trapped down there.
Birmingam's Eastside (in particular the Locks, Digbeth and Smithfield) will be completely transformed expressly because HS2 will be right in the middle of that zone. It's one of the main drivers of the Metro expansion towards the east and ultimately linking up with the NEC/BHX/UK Central complex in Solihull. The same goes for Mayfield in Manchester and the South Side of Leeds. These all have the potential to become critical business hubs whose development will be catalysed by better short- and long-distance services brought on by capacity uplifts and reduced travel times from HS2.
Phase 2a is expedited so yes at minimum it'll be going to Crewe and linking into the classic network.
Ramona is a TV gold mine. She can pull off having absolutely no storyline and still be entertaining as fuck.
The main issue is that uniform swing breaks down in situations such as what we're seeing now, where CON/BXP/LAB/LD are all relatively even, so the voting intention doesn't mean much.
Am gay. Can confirm.
I mean in fairness Biden has a pretty shitty campaign track record and interestingly next to no one I know supports him, and I'm in a pretty center-left friend circle that isn't some Chapo circle jerk. Pretty much everyone I know is a fan of Kamala, Warren or Mayor Pete.
Moving. The. Overton. Window. Is. Not. Substantive. Policy.
The Van Wyck can be messed up at 10pm on a Sunday it's never not a crawl.
My body is ready.
Wouldn't it be just as much of a bubble if it were overwhelmingly Biden supporters I knew?
We really need instant run-off voting. I don't live in Queens so I don't have any vested interest here but 39% winning a primary is wrong.
The worst.
And? I think the Electoral College is wrong as well.
So there can be less new housing development? I don't see how that's a good thing. Queens has added 48,328 people since 2010 but only delivered 28,295 units of new housing. There's a fundamental supply-and-demand imbalance.
How dare the EU ask Switzerland to follow the same rules as everyone else if it wants to participate in and have access to the single market.
Except 1) that's not what it was intended for and 2) we already have a certain set of swing states that have a more disproportionate say in elections than if we solely looked at the national popular vote.
I don't disagree that the timing is a problem, but also that winning the popular vote even with slightly fewer than 2 in 5 people voting for you is an issue. Yeah, Caban got the most votes, but most voters didn't view Caban as someone they wanted to check off at the ballot box. There needs to be a system in place to remedy that issue.
[Appeasing slave states was one of, if not *the*, primary drivers of the creation of the Electoral College.](https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/electoral-college-slavery-constitution) The Senate already acts as this balance to help smaller states in contrast to the House of Representatives. Even so, the House doesn't help larger states much given the 435-seat cap.
Wow.
The problem of course is that affordable housing largely doesn't pencil out once you take into account land, labor and permitting costs. Sure, increase the affordable component requirement somewhat but ultimately "luxury" is pretty much what's always going to be built, and it's not usually that luxurious since it's a marketing term.
If the federal Libs had someone like Gladys, I wouldn't actually mind them much. A shame that their top tier is ScoMo, Dutton and the rest.
The saga that is Berlin's new airport never ceases to amaze me.
Dutch friends: [can you explain what's going on with election with election polling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Opinion_polling_for_the_next_Dutch_general_election)? Why is VVD collapsing? Why is PvdA having a comeback? !ping EUROPE
I would never have guessed. Thanks! Side question: what kind of construction was stopped? I ask because I work in property capital flows and Amsterdam, Rotterdam, The Hague and Utrecht are booming with new development, so was it just temporary or something else?
Canada already has to deal with Quebec and now you want them to have Vermont on their hands you monster.
I will only call him Train Daddy from now on.
Because nationalisation doesn't fix the underlying issue, namely deferred maintenance. Network Rail is for all intents and purposes "nationalised" and they own all the infrastructure as it is, while ORR rather than TOCs set baseline fares.
Uncle Ben’s I can’t right now.
Pretty low bar tbh.
Telecommuting hasn’t really worked out at scale, though. What has been successful are flexible options, say one day a week remote, but wholesale remote teams are hard to manage from a personnel and logistics perspective. Being remote also means it’s hard to switch jobs.
I’ve got some prison water.
Given how homophobic that sub is I doubt it.
Remember when Maureen Dowd went to Colorado to try weed and then ate an entire edible rather than the recommended dose only to have a panic attack and then wrote an op-ed about how awful it was? Pepperidge Farm remembers.
The Chinese data miners who own TikTok must have to put up with so much cringe.
I'm in my late 20s and still have no clue wtf half of this is.
Downtown LA is building a fuckton of new skyscrapers...
Well whatever the Rust Belt is doing isn't working so why not try it?
[Useless politician supports useless politician.](https://thehill.com/homenews/campaign/476589-nyc-public-advocate-williams-endorses-sanders-in-2020-race)
T-Mobile’s legal team failed, so we’ve switched to Cricket.
$20 it was Venus.
Yara is always stun.
It didn't ship with a tooth, which was unacceptable to Miss Limbs.
Lord Berkeley has been against HS2 for a long time, so it’s not surprising. Of course he doesn’t actually answer how else we can go about dealing with capacity constraints on the West Coast Main Line, just trying to make some noise because he’s unhappy that Oakervee doesn’t agree with him.
Is Yvie even old enough to know what Xanga was?
So we can kick her out then.
&gt; Since the end of WW2 there has been an almost uninterrupted movement towards democracy and freedom led by the US across the world. Sure, there are individual countries with setbacks and dictators who still cling onto power, but those are becoming ever rarer. Not sure I agree with this. There have been some incidences of it working out (South Korea and the Balkans being the most notable, Iraq somewhat although I still disagree with the war there), but in general most of our intervention hasn't led to this at all. The US propped up the muhajideen in Afghanistan, overthrew Mosaddegh in a manner that ultimately led to the Iranian Revolution, Vietnam was a failure, aided the 1967 Greek fascist military junta, helped to install Pinochet, armed the Contras in Nicaragua and funded the Saudis in Yemen. I really struggle to see this is as spreading freedom and democracy, and there are plenty of other instances as well.
&gt; You are wrong to say that HS2 is a new railway, it’s a high speed upgrade to an existing railway. It’ll make journeytimes on that route quicker but it’s not really a new line. Patently untrue. HS2's primary goal is capacity and it's integral to NPR because it'll share infrastructure at Manchester and Leeds.
Not even close; the savings are huge. After phase 1: * London-Glasgow: -34min (-13%) * London-Liverpool: -28min (-21%) * London-Manchester: -26min (-20%) After phase 2a: * London-Glasgow: -45min (-17%) * London-Liverpool: -40min (-30%) * London-Manchester: -37min (-29%) After phase 2b: * London-Manchester: -60min (-53%) * London-Leeds: -50min (-38%) * London-Glasgow: -50min (-19%) * London-Liverpool: -40min (-30%) * London-Sheffield: -34min (-28%) * London-Nottingham: -31min (-31%)
Also the Libertarian Party.
Janet is my queen and probably my favourite housewife from any franchise. She also gave us Manuela, the greatest "friend of" there is.
The most iconic moment.
Related because it's the inverse: Japanese actually has a word (勿体無い, mottainai) that means "regret over waste".
Old Atlanta was great, but New York is just so much consistently better. It's also much more fast-paced and quirky than Atlanta, which often feels kind of repetitive.
An anthropomorphic red panda bear who works in accounting is even more of a reason to exalt Japan's superiority.
Eh...I think Kamala is slightly more likely, in part because she’d placate a lot of people who may be concerned about Joe’s age. She could pretty easily take over if need be and has the institutional connections (probably one of the party’s most popular members internally) and a ton of executive experience.
Once you stop trying to understand No Limbs and accept her divine wisdom, everything makes sense.
How is it efficient to now have to increase your national bureaucracy to handle matters that were streamlined because of EU membership? The amount of additional immigration, regulatory and customs enforcement alone is going to be exceedingly expensive.
How the fuck did she not win a Grammy for this?
Arm drippin'.
I'm not a supporter of Scottish independence expressly for the same reasons that I don't support Brexit. This includes areas such as representation (Scotland will have far less of a voice in the EU independent of the UK than it does in the UK outside of the EU), financial obligations, logistics of a hard border with England and so on.
Singapore has plenty of private housing development.
Kick her out. She’s a liability and genuinely insulting other Dems who are putting in their time, effort and money to help the party as a whole.
US/UK intervention to overthrow Mosaddegh was the primary catalyst for a chain link of reactions that ultimately gave us this theocracy. Not sure that intervention again is particularly a good idea.
Bernie hasn't stood up for anyone. He's just sad around idly.
The only thing that doesn’t exist here is my love life.
An arch-Brexiteer who also said that gay people are perverts and don’t have children and therefore have no desire to create a “socially stable future”? Bye.
Wait until he finds out who got 3m more votes in 2016.
Bernie’s logo is still the fucking ugliest thing.
She’s more experienced anyway. That counts.
Honestly I feel like a good share would go to Biden. A lot of Warren's constituents are old-school Hillary voters and probably have more affinity to the Obama Administration than Pete.
Her lack of serial comma is the icing on the cake of how beautiful this is.
Pretty much every libertarian I've ever met works at a think tank. All I can surmise from this is that had they worked in the real world their ideas of how everything works would be shattered.
This was when I lived in DC.
Biden/Kamala would make me 100% on Diamond Joe, and not just because she was my first pick but also because her presence would allay any of my concerns about his health were something to happen to him. She'd be prepared to immediately step in if needed.
I like Abrams but I really don't get why she's always placed at #1 for VP.
No one in Australia has come up with or enacted a climate change mitigation plan as good since then. I’m also somewhat surprised at carbon tax is being critiqued on this sub of all places.
And yet the Brexiteers all adore her and never respond when I tell them that she was the driving force for the single market.
Can’t blame her.
You’ve done the impossible: you’ve made me feel bad for Lucian.
This just makes me like Biden more.
Why are people incapable of following instructions when flying? Like seriously, stop trying to board with earlier groups and there are multiple seat markings but you still can’t manage to figure this shit out.
Most of them*
Commonwealth country that’s close to the US for family reasons and Megan used to live there.
Local and state law enforcement is responsible for tax enforcement. It is not responsible for the enforcement of laws that are the purview of a federal agency.
Which is entirely unrelated to the point that ICE has a track record of placing American citizens in detention centers and denying them of due process.
She’s pretty solidly center-left. I get why some people are inclined to call her authoritarian but I think that’s a bit of an exaggeration. Her record isn’t really any worse than the standard Democratic senator when it comes to civil liberties; if anything, she has an advantage given her long record on LGBT rights and work with protecting hate crime victims, among other areas. She also managed to reduce drug-related charges in California every year she was AG despite being constrained by state law.
I almost feel bad for the State of Nebraska for having this associated with it.
I read “this is my hand” in Alaska’s voice.
Gritty did the right thing.
Yes. Japanese only has four true colours (blue, red, black and white). All others are derived through the use of -色 (colour) as a suffix.
Getting a terrible Nina West-inspired tattoo in order to develop an infection that ultimately results in an emergency amputation is honestly an iconic way to remove your limb legally.
No it’s not. 青い, 赤い, 黒い and 白い are the only colours in Japanese that are true adjectives. The rest are compound adjectival nouns.
If it’s Oaxaca Taqueria, it’s technically across from the Cocoa Exchange.
The problem is capacity. Gateway needs to be accelerated or else you’re just making a mess slightly less ugly on the outside.
The fact that they’re not wholly against Brexit kind of kills their legitimacy in my view since having people in favour of it pretty much speaks to either economic illiteracy or geopolitical ignorance.
Not gonna lie I got a good laugh from this. It's wholesome.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.
Not sure that's necessarily a fair comparison. I feel like a better analogy would be that the role of governor is like the CEO and at best Cynthia Nixon was an analyst. She wasn't applying for the job she had the requisite experience for, but the stepping stones were there. Had she been even a member of the city council or someone who had worked somewhat higher up in local or state government civil service, it would have been different.
This is actually worse than Sandra Lee's Kwanzaa cake. I stan.
Everyone calls it an attack and I feel like I saw it wholly differently. Sounded like she told him how his actions felt to her since they directly influenced her life and *because* she respects him, she wanted him to understand.
You're paying for the therapist who's going to help me with the trauma I have after seeing this.
Given that conservatives love to blame me, a gay man, for natural disasters and the destruction of society, yeah, I'm gonna say this was my first thought as well.
That’s the big problem with the law and actually with rent stablization in general. There’s simply no incentive to actually invest capital into an asset so it rots.
Because creating laws that lead to lower-quality housing stock and constrain the market in a way that ultimately means less new supply is delivered is caring about people? Sometimes what’s good on a balance sheet is also good for renters.
No way that’s true. A film crew’s permit doesn’t include the right to block ingress to or egress from a residential building. I had a fight about this a few years ago when a crew tried to block me from getting to my building with no alternative route provided.
Smdh Shangela we were all rooting for you.
I’m young, hung and removed all my limbs legally to the beat of my own drum mawma.
Buckle ^up ^^buckaroos.
Suburbanites are flipping House seats tho.
No I just got really tired of being downvoted for bringing up actual data points rather than populist feelings but thanks for stalking my post history.
Pye Boat Noodle and Cyclo.
Only if his polling numbers go underwater.
Yeah but they don't understand the difference of any of it (the amount of times I've had to explain the difference between the EU and the single market is insane) and the government can say "well we left the EU".
“Moderate Republicans”
How does looting a store in SoHo have any relation to protesting systemic racism and police brutality? It doesn't. It's opportunism from a small segment of the population - often times not even protesting - taking advantage of widespread unrest.
Yeah I seriously don't know where this "Mormons don't like Trump" narrative stems from. He won Utah handily in 2016.
That I didn't use [this one](https://static.dezeen.com/uploads/2018/06/lgbt-pride-flag-redesign-hero.jpg).
And his administration lied *to Congress*. That's unacceptable no matter how you want to spin it.
Question about getting rid of police unions: I agree with getting rid of them but how would that be compatible with collective bargaining being an extension of the right to association?
Move to the centre-right and you alienate a massive swath of core party voters, though.
Sheffield Hallam.
And on top of that we’ve been shut down for nearly three months despite actually performing as well as European countries that are steadily reopening pragmatically because BDB and Cuomo need to spite each other. I love my city but this is not a good year for us.
Kamala please. Demings is fine but isn’t as experienced at multiple levels of government.
Kamala is the master of hearings. She destroys every Republican that comes her way. It's an art form.
How is he even allowed to do that?
This is why I don't watch CNN.
Imaging thinking that having more immigrants is a bad thing. Without a doubt, immigrants are the most awesome people in my city and community.
Trams aren't bad. The problem is that they're designed terribly in the US without basic things like dedicated right of way or signal priority. Go to France and look at how they build their new systems; they're far better.
That's bullshit and you know it. Biden has policy up the wall and Democrats campaign constantly on expanded access to affordable health care, climate change, consumer protection, support services, infrastructure, voting rights and tons of other issues. It's not "we're not Trump".
Picking Sarah Palin soured me on him to be frankly honest. Obviously we didn't know what we knew now, but it catalyzed the legitimacy of the Tea Party that in turn accelerated the Republican Party's already shifting form into a full-blown populist, reactionary, nationalist force.
Give Sutton an award for those facial expressions.
Because of course Sutton used match.com. We stan.
OK this Seventh Generation laundry ad has a decapitated talking head spinning around in a washing machine with a “do not attempt” disclaimer and I’m here thinking how is that even possible to attempt. I don’t have enough cannabis for this.
I miss Ken so much right about now.
And think of all the people who work there, not to mention its property tax contribution to the city that helps pay for essential services.
Please no. The whitewashing that Bush is getting simply because he’s wasn’t as bad as Trump is concerns me.
Hasidic Jews are a subset of Haredi Jews, who are often called "ultra-Orthodox" in English. They're a sect based on the teachings of Baal Shem Tov. In general, they're significantly more insular than Orthodox Jews, dress differently and more extensively use Yiddish rather than English. I have Orthodox family members and you wouldn't be able to tell them apart from anyone else. Hasidic Jews are much more visually and socially distinct.
&gt; nudge the congressional Republican Party back to the centre ground Not happening. Trump has a a 90% approval rating with Republicans.
Then maybe you should have voted to convict, Lisa. Tired of Republicans getting praised for these transparently desperate attempts to not look awful.
I posted something today about donating to an organization I’ve worked with for years that helps LGBT homeless youth (the majority of whom are POC) and got ripped for it, largely by “progressives”. Imagine shitting on a gay guy during pride month doing something to help at-risk and disproportionately minority youth because it’s not explicitly aimed at helping black Americans...even though it does.
The extra benefit of OMNY is that it doesn't require any contact, so no worries about MetroCard machine cleanliness!
The Ali Forney Center.
Charlotte Virginia is my new drag name.
This gay son Audible commercial just hit me in the feels. Happy pride month.
Iconic.
I may have gone to Zero Otto Nove a few months ago and murmured clip clip clip when I entered as a form of pilgrimage prayer.
R A V I O L I
Sandra Lee is shook.
We’ve had *prosthetic legs* thrown.
Alexis Michelle could never produce such art.
Oh how I missed the Sahnja pronunciation.
ARREST FLASHBACK!!!
“If it’s the 6 train, why does it have 10 cars?” - Tinsley, probably
I'm imagining Ramona saying "cacao" now.
[No coronavirus deaths in New York City yesterday](https://www.newsweek.com/new-york-city-sees-zero-daily-coronavirus-deaths-first-time-3-months-1508925) and yet we won't even have *outdoor dining with limited capacity* until the end of the month at the earliest. This is insane.
Our "phase 1" on Monday is...construction (which pretty much never stopped) and manufacturing (which is fractional in the city itself). We have metrics similar to countries like Germany and the Netherlands, which are actually moving along and being pragmatic. So sick of my city and state's governance. Reactionary, PR-based and a shitty dick-measuring contest between two narcissists.
Lindsey Graham being closeted is one of the longest-running open secrets in DC.
John Kelly is a pretty shitty person. Just because he’s now saying Trump is crap doesn’t absolve him in his support of the border wall, oversight of the travel ban, refused to apologize for attacking Frederica Wilson, describing Robert E Lee as “honorable” and promoting Rob Porter despite knowing of his issues with domestic violence. Once again a Republican gets a mini-redemption arc doing the absolute bare minimum and doing it only after they won’t face any consequence.
I don’t. Since the Bush era, they’ve become more and more disgraceful (and it’s not like they were particular paragons of morality back then or before). If a group of less-shitty center-right individuals want to start a new party, fine with me (probably not going to vote for them though), but the Republican Party as an institution is toxic and a stain on American politics that isn’t and shouldn’t be salvageable. It should be a lesson for the future.
That the private sector is inherently better than the public sector. After enough years in corporate America and seeing the insane amount of incompetence, nepotism, favoritism and general failing upwards, the idea of wanting government to operate like a business makes no sense in part because most businesses are run pretty terribly and the whole point of government is that it’s not a business. Also debt isn’t inherently bad so long as it’s used for investment with a positive BCR. Balanced budget requirements are stupid. Used to think very differently on that.
One minute in and Shea already won.
Ongina. Goddess. Perfection.
Cracker spinning around weirdly as Ongina says "the competition has gotten tougher" is a mood.
Gay icon.
Nah, this is one of those things in DC that everyone accepts is true but has never had explicit evidence of. The DC gays (of which I was one when I lived there) *all* make comments about it.
Someone’s mad because they want in on our homo-empire of good interior design, fashion sense and house flipping that builds equity.
It’s more complex than that. New York overall is an incredibly Democratic city, but a significant amount of police officers come from Staten Island, the Rockaways, Bay Ridge and some suburban areas of Queens that are pretty Republican.
Barely, and that's being generous. Construction didn't really stop since most construction at scale met the requirements to be related to infrastructure, health or having an affordable component and manufacturing is a *very* small amount of the city's workforce. Realistically we're not going to see much change until the end of the month at the earliest, which is absurd since countries such as Germany, the Netherlands and even Spain and Italy have allowed for outdoor dining, additional forms of retail and so on. This is despite the fact that our numbers are on par or better than theirs in many respects (daily increase, positive test results, infection rate and recent death rate).
They’ll change the figurehead but the core tenets of Trumpism, namely ethnonationalism, populism and protectionism, aren’t going anywhere. They’ll probably double down on them if they lose in a landslide. The Republican voter base is too rabid to change.
We have the option to and I’m taking it the moment I can. Working from home has been miserable.
The Bush Administration quite literally lied in front of Congress to get justification for Iraq. The fact that this sub seems to gloss over this point really bugs me.
Stop 👏 saying 👏 defund 👏 if 👏 you 👏 don’t 👏 mean 👏 removing 👏 all 👏 funding.
Ah yes, Niall Ferguson who said that an alliance of Trump, Xi, Putin and Le Pen along with the breakup of the EU would be good for world peace.
Yes but the American electorate has a wonderful habit of not thinking critically and running with absurd Fox News headlines that are deceptive at best and flat out lies at worst. There’s a reason we’re really fucking scared.
Oh I know. 2016 just taught me to always expect the worst and then some.
Tokyo, Seoul, Taipei and Hong Kong have very crowded public transit systems but transmission hasn't been insane. High levels of mask usage, routine cleaning and collective responsibility to avoid travelling when feeling ill are how you handle this.
That's not really what they said, though. They said that they didn't know the strength or extent of antibody-derived immunity.
I've struggled with this. While I support the protests insofar as their importance, how do we justify what we've put 40% of the economy and workers through? How can policymakers say with a straight face that a huge amount of people should be near-bankrupted and *still* not allowed to even try and salvage what they have left of their businesses or careers and not apply the same standard elsewhere? I'm not sure "protesting is a fundamental right" is good enough.
Defund's legislative meaning *explicitly* is "remove all funding for", which in essence means elimination.
Cory in the ~~House~~ Naval Observatory.
Badass.
I told someone yesterday “if you have to explain it, you’ve lost the messaging war”. Defund has one meaning and one meaning only. Probably should have thought about that beforehand.
Ah yes, working for an FTA that would have already been in force if the UK had remained in the EU. [facepalm]
You do know that marijuana convictions fell every year during her tenure, right?
Mitt being a coward and just making vague platitudes I could *not* believe it. Oh wait nvm I totally can because that's his MO.
I'd say: * Sydney-Melbourne * Toronto-Montreal * Sao Paulo-Rio de Janeiro * Mexico City-Guadalajara * Jakarta-Surabaya * Singapore-Kuala Lumpur
Canberra would be served via a wye, not as an intermediate stop.
The R is easily the worst train the system. Completely random frequency and crawls throughout its entire route. At least it’s got R160s now that are slightly better.
Jaida even commented about Miss Limbs on an Instagram Live session a while back. Legends supporting legends.
Or...without an increase in consumption, the city and state will end up having to make even more budget cuts or borrow until our credit rating approaches junk status since sales tax is a massive contributor to revenue.
The L is maxed out at capacity as it is because of the layout of the 8th Avenue terminal tracks.
So tax people already more and then exacerbate the already SALT cap-induced exodus to states like Florida?
But again, 1) transit isn’t necessarily a vector (it certainly doesn’t bear with the evidence we have from other countries) and 2) a not insignificant share of very high earners will likely leave and more to states such as Florida for at least more than half the year if we increase the tax burden any more. That’s the unfortunate situation we find ourselves in. The city is at a particular disadvantage since it can’t levy many of those alternate forms of taxes and it now has to battle even movement to the suburbs, which we have anecdotal evidence of happening based on increased home sales reported in CT, Westchester and NJ and will erode the city income tax base.
John Oliver is British humour for Americans, so basically not funny enough for the UK.
That photo is dream team material.
No one does urban planning and design better than the Dutch. No one.
There is no word in the English language able to articulate the scale of this excellence.
Eh...Sydney doesn't really have a climactic equivalent in the US. Atlanta also falls under humid subtropical but the two are still distinct, particularly in terms of winter.
In certain instances it's warranted (such as Australia and New Zealand's environmental quarantine laws or customs checks into the European Single Market), but yeah, open that shit otherwise.
CityMD was *very* clean when I went a few weeks ago for an antibody test.
Debatable. Tokyo has the most aggregate wealth in the world and London is typically the most desirable location for UHNW individuals. New York is certainly up there but it's by no means the wealthiest by a mile.
Nope. [Tokyo's estimated GDP is $1.6 trillion, whereas New York's is $1.4 trillion](https://www.brookings.edu/research/global-metro-monitor/).
How the fuck does that sub have 8,000 subscribers already?
Oh so that’s where the Hitachi Magic Wand is hiding.
They didn’t. The Netherlands did lock down but they’ve also been aggressive at re-opening. It wasn’t as quick of an initial shutdown as Germany, though.
De Blasio is saying he doesn’t want the city to move into phase 2 until “early July” when it’s scheduled for the 22nd. What the ever-loving fuck is wrong with this guy?
Well it is the defined. The problem is that it's contradictory.
Knowing how Trixie is I’m surprised she didn’t caption this as “dykes on bikes”.
Duck Duck Goose please.
De Zalmhaven &lt;3
I can’t imagine being a remainder and supporting someone who just recently announced that he refused to extend the transition period despite a pandemic eating away at critical negotiating time.
Thatcher fine but absolutely not Reagan.
I mean...I think that anyone with common sense expected that this would happen after three months. Unfortunately, Cuomo and BDB have dragged this out so long and weren’t proactive at all in coming up with ways to manage it before it happened. There’s been no meaningful movement on increased space for outdoor dining and not being realistic that compliance would fall. It’s also a catch-22. Bars and restaurants represent a massive portion of the city’s labor force and sales tax revenue. It’s simply not financially viable to keep them shut down this long. Even places countries like France and Italy have re-opened them. Keep them closed or severely limited rather than have a more fluid and responsive system that would allow for temporary and ah hoc lockdowns on a rolling basis as data show is needed and ultimately people will bypass the rules entirely or find loopholes.
14-day average daily coronavirus case growth: * United States: +1.15% * United Kingdom: +0.55% * Netherlands: +0.35% * **New York State: +0.27%** * France: +0.25% * **New York City: +0.23%** * Belgium: +0.21% * Germany: +0.19% * Austria: +0.16% * Italy: +0.13% * Spain: +0.11% And yet Cuomo is threatening to hold the city back from advancing to phase 2. [facepalm]
Oh I was gonna say Jeremy Kost.
As a gay man, I’m honestly shocked they did this but thank God.
There's a lot that we can do outdoors, though. Outdoor dining and drinking, for instance, would be a huge boost to one of the city's largest and most struggling industries. Unfortunately, BDB and Cuomo are incapable of actually getting the preparations and planning through to make that a reality, though.
The bar is the Mariana Trench.
Two different takes on “flawless taste and drag excellence”.
I am now a fan of fan of fan.
Whenever I come home from vacation I get that glorious New York City tap water. Makes life better.
Am I straight now? Because I really wish I were.
People who want to go to a restaurant or bar spending their money?
Portland-Seattle-Vancouver has a ton of potential of those not currently underway. I’d also add in Atlanta-Columbia-Charlotte-Raleigh as well as New York-Albany-Syracuse-Rochester-Buffalo for a somewhat underrepresented route.
Eh, that flag also bugs me. One of the things that, as a gay man, I love about the rainbow flag is that each stripe has a meaning associated with it based on themes that unite our community. It's fundamentally inclusive and it makes me sad to see it rapidly being replaced. I can understand the appeal of the Quasar one but it still bugs me.
A city with 8.4 million people has more cases than other cities? Shock.
I’ve never seen this particularly well addressed with LVT, but how is it compatible with and how does it interface with zoning? If zoning is too restrictive, then the value of LVT is inherently not going to be fully realised and the whole point of implementing it is kind of moot. It then runs into some other issues, namely determining what constitutes “unimproved land” or “optimal use”. How does LVT account for counterintuitive or irrational existing or future outcomes? For instance, a place like SoHo in New York derives much of its value from its architecture and design, but no one would say that its land use and form is fully “built-out” since its mostly mid-rise. A few other issues comes to mind, namely longer-term strategic spatial planning. The nature of LVT is inherently is conflicting here: does the owner of the property develop it to the maximum value that’s existing or potential in the future? If the former, then that could be incompatible with longer-term needs for expected population growth since there are viability issues financially (based on current or very near-term needs). We see this problem a lot with unit mixes: there may be strategic reasons why a municipality wants to encourage more family-sized units rather than studios, but the math for an LVT may not allow that to work out. If the latter, then how does LVT address the need to phase development and coordinate it with associated infrastructure? Maybe I’m totally wrong here but it’s always struck me as a great theoretical concept but I have no clue how you handle it in practice. There are too many conflicting interests and goals.
I think the problem is that in urban planning, there are tons of cases where the market and locality have contrasting or competing interests and the scale of this misalignment and need for zoning or regulations for a slew of issues (transportation and infrastructure provision, environmental protection, form-based attributes, the need to maintain distance or separation of specific uses such as industrial or logistics from residential to name a few) that the conditions for LVT to work can’t exist in practice. Similarly, planning departments have to manage and coordinate multiple actors and parties. I brought up the point about current or future use because the current setup means that the two are, to a large degree, interlinked. Planning guidance provides all parties - public bodies, developers and residents - with a framework for understanding typically a two-decade timeframe for land use policy and outcomes. Within that there’s scope for variation, but generally speaking it enables a degree of contextual consistency that’s needed for being able to plan things like school space requirements, utility provisions and other aspects of municipal management outside of the realm or purview of developers. Absent that, we would likely end up with wildly variant land use that is often less efficient.
But again (and maybe I didn't articulate this point well enough), this is an overly simplistic way of thinking about the practicalities of land use because it doesn't take into account the inherent variation in value as well as contextual, strategic and spatial needs beyond that of the owner of the land. That is: not all land is of equal value and, more importantly, the maximum efficiency of a parcel in isolation is not necessarily in the best interest of the wider community or region. This is because there are complementary considerations that are the responsibility of other public bodies or private actors. LVT treats all land as being theoretically equal at a baseline because the same rate of tax is assessed on it to start, but that's a flawed premise.
No worries. I have a background in urban planning and work in a tangential field so it’s something I think about all the time. Which issues exactly are you referencing here? Just how planning currently handles the need to balance development and future use? It obviously depends on the national and local frameworks and what they allow, but generally speaking we start with a framework with a broad goal of an “outcome” in terms of scale, scope, grain and connectivity, both within the target geography and to the broader area. From there, we then layer on more specific requirements. These can range from density requirements to bulk controls to unit mix profiles to affordability mandates. Not all will necessarily show up and there’s a lot more in there, but generally this allows the public body in charge of planning to come up with a broad estimate of how the area will grow in the future and from there how other departments will need to allocate resources for expanding associated infrastructure. This also provides guidance for investors and developers to have a sense of what types of schemes will be possible and they can make a determination of viability. Parties of local interest can also figure out to some degree what their community will look and feel like moving forward and this helps with longer-term planning. Basically, strategic guidance better articulates and identifies up front what inefficiencies will need to be accounted for and explains why they need to be considered. Re: my comment, I’m saying essentially that LVT’s underlying concept is that the owner of the land is best served by maximising the amount of improvement or development that can take place. This is intuitively logical, but only in isolation. The need to accommodate and balance myriad interests and outcomes often means overriding the highest and best use of the land on its own. A good example would be if you were in a fast-growing city with a lot of demand for office. A developer might say that planting an office building somewhere could grant an easy return, but if there’s a lot of inbound movement then the incorrect placement of this type of use could result in a lack of transit accessibility, inability to later improve connectivity and links to the site and lead to dispersion rather than clustering. In this case, the negative outcomes of leaving the decision of how to develop the land to the owner outweigh what might be - at the time - the fastest way to “improve” it.
Imagine thinking it won’t be Hakeem Jeffries.
I don’t even know how’d you make a number of them accessible. The 2/3 platform at Wall I don’t think is even wide enough for an elevator.
Yeah, it's nowhere near a substitute for being in the EU and Brexit is still stupid as ever, but I'm kind of living for this. That said, the EU already has agreements or plans for FTAs with Japan, Vietnam, Australia and Singapore. Seems like coalescing with the rest of the TPP groups as well as ASEAN as a whole would be a great next step.
If they're really serious about this, then do it with ASEAN and Mercosur as well. (Still ridiculous given that being in the EU would mean having the Mercosur FTA already done and deals with key ASEAN members in place or progressing.)
Phase 2 for New York City on Monday!!
Just voted for Nadler early and I can say that all the comments on the Herzog ads I get basically ridicule the shit out of him. It's amusing. Thank you for this, though. New York politics is a level of insanity that few can truly appreciate in America.
Niou sucks though. Ugh. Such a NIMBY and she makes stupid comments like “lol billionaire tears”.
What is this week with all this good news so off-brand for 2020.
Even with a vaccine (which there's no guarantee of), it's not going to be 100% safe.
I will not stand for this Janet Yellen erasure.
Jaida is only capable of serves and shoots. She’s that perfect.
It’s only gay if you push back.
Because the point of high-rises isn't that they're affordable to most people. Instead, the goal is that it reduces demand on existing supply and therefore reduces the rate of rent growth for the bulk of the market through redirection. You can't really stop demand, but you can distribute it better.
Thatcher is complex. Not gonna pretend she was a great person or anything but she did champion a good amount of what this sub likes. She was the foremost proponent of the European Single Market, after all.
I mean she did vote to legalise homosexuality.
Praise be to Katie Porter.
Except that they didn't actually cause a spike in numbers, though. New York, for instance, has seen no meaningful increase in cases, positive test rates or deaths since them.
Closed primaries &gt; open primaries.
Agh, sorry. Misread the order of comments.
Which is stupid because mass transit is no more of a vector than an Uber or taxi.
That would be a slap in the face as a Democratic voter. I didn’t vote for a Dem so I could get a Republican cabinet official, let alone SoS.
UN Ambassador.
Tax my land value, daddy.
The biggest problem with driving in New York is that lane markings pretty much don't exist and also don't matter. Each avenue is a good five lanes wide but you have to guess how to space yourself.
Their new Toronto office is gorgeous as well.
How does AVE not have demand? Sevilla-Madrid-Barcelona is popular as hell.
And yet they hate me because I like dicks.
Deep dish is great, but it’s not pizza. It’s a casserole with pizza ingredients.
I’m from New York I am right about this.
People who put captions above the image: who hurt you?
Every Carly touches goes wrong so now I'm nervous.
I'm gonna say flat out that I disagree that the MTA provides terrible service. It could most certainly be better, but when you factor in the age and complexity of the system, decades of deferring maintenance and underfunding and costly pension and labor laws, the fact that it works as well as it does is pretty astonishing, particularly for what is a pretty low fare compared to other systems around the world.
This is kind of a dick thing to say, but Carly Fiorina has never won a general election or held public office, so I don't really get why her vote matters much. I guess she's emblematic of that small sliver of older-school Republicans and maybe that's worth some attention, but it's kind of weird how much coverage she gets for...never having actually been successful in politics.
My commute is the 4/5 during rush hour. Not exactly fun.
I mean I actually ride way more than that, but the 4/5 tends to be the hardest to manage from an operating perspective given crowding and signal limitations. Generally the only lines I find that are significantly unreliable are the R and to a lesser extent the C and J.
I know. I've been to Japan many times and love using trains there. I didn't say the MTA was great, just not terrible.
I doubt it, to be honest. Just because working remotely is possible doesn’t mean that it’s feasible at scale. Density is critical for skills-based economies and people with the ability to meet in person because they live or work near an office have a huge advantage in terms of hiring. There’s pretty hard evidence that density is correlated significantly with productivity and innovation.
My veins? They’d like this injected straight into them.
This is the most unexpected place and context possible for Roxxxy’s iconic verse. Thank you.
P to the O to the T to the U to the HOLD S
This is fashion right here.
What the fuck? Who would give you anything besides marinara sauce? Why? Ew.
You can't be "in" a line since a line has no width or volume. You're standing essentially on top of an invisible line.
I don’t get why they don’t just say that they voted for Shea because she’s competition. It’s honest and it’s a rational move you can’t fault someone for.
This feels so right.
Shea as a frat bro...kind of here for it. I hate myself.
Bad Jewish accent is actually a pretty good description of a Boston accent.
In what world was Cracker a "leader"?
The dad is hot.
I mean...that *is* what defund means. It has one meaning only and that's to bring funding to $0 and effectively eliminate something. People seem to think that "defund" is "decrease funding". That's not its meaning at all.
She literally said “I don’t think you’re a racist” in that debate.
It boggles the mind; I think it’s people desperate for the old Republican Party, which honestly wasn’t great either and was simply quieter about its shittiness. Also, even if you take out Iraq, Bush was still a crap president.
As a very early 90s child (basically peak Millennial), I barely understand Snapchat, let alone TikTok. It’s just so...pointless.
Her brand isn't even that popular *in* New York City.
I’m sure the “moderate Republicans” in Congress will be deeply concerned by this and then still do his dirty work anyway.
He’s not smart enough to think like that. He’s just an impulsive asshole.
Put this art in MoMA where it belongs.
It's to make everyone as miserable as they are. The mentality seems to be: "If I can't figure out how to enjoy my life, no one else should be able to."
You took the words out of my mouth. To be frankly honest, this sub's fawning over the "good old GOP" rubs me the wrong way. They've been like this for decades; they were just more quiet about it.
Europe has *plenty* of populist idiots, don't kid yourself.
Stupidity isn't an excuse. Part of the reason we're in this mess is a refusal to acknowledge that the electorate goes against its self-interest.
Is that actually true? I always thought that China was bad at soft power, whereas countries like Japan and the UK excel at it.
Robert Frost could never.
[That's actually not the case according to some recent research.](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-06-23/school-children-don-t-spread-coronavirus-french-study-shows)
Melbourne’s office vacancy rate is around 4%...
Fuck China.
You have to remember that our municipal budget is also nearly $90 billion. Obviously the NYPD component is too high but people forget just how massive our budget is.
NYCHA needs the money for backlogged maintenance and investment.
New York City alone has 8.4 million people. It's larger than all metro areas except the broader Tri-State Area, Los Angeles and Chicago. It would be 11th among all states if it were on its own. The Tri-State Area's population of around 20m people would make it the fourth-largest after California, Texas and Florida.
She's one of the best-selling artists of all time.
S P O O K Y V I S I O N
There are a bunch of queens who do faces like this and drives me up the wall. Gigi, Yvie and Nina West are probably the worst offenders.
Nah that’s Madonna.
All the Lovers is a masterpiece.
“Would You Mind” - Janet Jackson
As a gay man, I'd like to not move to a swing state where I have to worry about discriminatory legislation. Also my industry has no jobs outside of major markets.
Between New York and London (I’ve lived there as well and am still there a lot putting aside the pandemic). Really only have LA and SF as other options in the US.
