Technically she came in Babylon and died before we got there
Kjelle being drawn by Amaigatoro is just baffling to me. I like their art and work on heroes like Myrrh, but it REALLY doesn't fit Kjelle.
"Before the days where you couldn’t throw a shot glass in a nightclub without hitting at least 20 bros who looked like inebriated pidgeottos-" Inebriated Pidgeotto is now my new favorite descriptor xD
To be fair, almost every character we've seen fall to darkness had fallen as a result of being Norted, since Xehanort is the biggest source of darkness in the story. Aqua was the sole exception, since Xehanort didn't play a role there.
I only want Carmilla just so they have an excuse to "technically" give us another Liz alt
Evidently it seems that Keiki is the only “sane and normal” person in this entire world.
**BRRRAKAMONOGA!** **DOITSU NO KAGAKU WA SEKAI ICHIII!**
Somewhere, Garon is groaning in increasing discomfort
Mobus is also quite famous for voicing the Smash Announcer and Persona 5’s Joker
That is a personality, it’s just very surface level I want to see some depth to her. **Why** does she love causing chaos so much? Is it all that defines her? Can she interact with others besides just teasing? Does she have any grand goals? Maybe she’s set on chaos because of some incident with Thor in her past? There’s so little we know about her. Lots of room to explore
He’s alright. He’s just kinda rare and not a bird
60+ Honey worth. I just left the game to autobattle it
“Please, my sister, she’s dying! Help! Help her!” (Throws Loki at soldiers)
If Summer Caesar becomes hella buff and is our summer welfare, this year would automatically be the best summer event ever. Welfare Cleo and SSR Caesar would also be great
Bruno would probably be pretty happy at this
Ayy fellow Guard user. It’s a great choice honestly. Lets Azama merrily chip damage people in arena without setting off Specials
*Territorial Rotbart PTSD intensifies*
I was wondering what kind of crazy "one more thing" would be able to top the reveal of Banjo Kazooie for Smash. Turns out a BoTW sequel would do that.
The Arnold-copy sold me on this. I can already tell this anime is going to be a meme-fest.
"Where's the joke....?"
Raphtalia and Suzuka likely got comparisons because the two released around the same time and share some similar features. That said, I'm unimpressed with Shield Hero, and find Suzuka a more interesting character.
And they just dropped it at the start of a sizzle reel like it was nothing too! Just casually revealed it just like that! Super hyped for it on Switch. I didn't have the means to play it normally, so I was resigned to the PC port, but now I can screw it. Portable Spyro is everything I wanted and more!
I agree
The boys (and Momo) went off to rescue Bakugou from the League of Villains. They decided to wear "disguises".
Rare boys stick together after all! Them meeting Banjo again is prob the equivalent of seeing an old friend they thought was long dead
I’m pretty sure the “Distant/Close Counter” choice was part of the joke. The irony of the melee guy wanting to be farther away and the bow guy wanting to be closer
NIGERUNDAYO!!!
I appreciate it for lore reasons. Of course the *dog* Pokémon goes and fetched a ball you’ve thrown. It’ll probably be replaced as it evolves
Veronica did. Very effectively. Surtr had all the subtlety of a gigantic brick. He’s big and invincible, and outright didn’t care how many Heroes we pitted against him because he would’ve been able to beat him way through everything. I imagine he just never bothered with Kiran. Loki actively wants chaos and fighting. Having the summoner ensures that can happen, because there will always be new people. She wants Kiran to be around Hel derives power from death. Having infinite heroes theoretically means her power can constantly increase, albeit very slowly. She actively wants an infinite army, and thus would keep Kiran alive
It’s the closest we’re ever gonna get I guess.
Feels a bit like Puyo Puyo’s color and body shape, but with a more detailed face. Excellent find
I always love it when stories go on to make fun of themselves. The Ember Island Players from Avatar come to mind
*Turn Undead!*
Pretty much the biggest reason why I ship them, not gonna lie
Presumably there are legal reasons involved. That, or this current arrangement is somehow more profitable from a business standpoint. Delegation of tasks and all.
*Nina, somewhere*: Mr Corrin I feel really, really good.
Honestly, at this point it’s not really surprising to me. A part of me knew cutting the Dex was a matter of “when”, not “if” There are over 800 Pokémon by now. And it’s gonna continue growing. The sheer number of combinations possible makes Pokémon into a game designer’s nightmare for balancing. If it isn’t cut now, it’ll be cut later. Additionally, the Pokémon fan base always has a massive tendency to bitch and overreact to things (XY got complaints for having a lame story. Then when Sun Moon came with a good story people complained about the story “getting in the way”), so I’m not putting any stock in these complaints.
I feel like the game could’ve benefited more from having a few longer cutscenes instead of multiple short ones. That said, it’s a minor thing. A lot of those small scenes are used to show things in the game world and characters too. Examples are Lillie buying clothing, or Hau lamenting his weakness, both of which tie into their character development
The hell? Can anything except a dragon dent this guy?
This is within the context of the games though. Misty is like... late teens there
AYAYAYAYA-
I’m aware, but I’ve already casted my vote, so I can’t change much
Kiyohime. My tutorial roll had like... 4 of her
Bidoof is great though! He was such a well written character in Mystery Dungeon. And the line are basically the greatest HM users to exist
Well, that facial marking ain't just for attracting followers.
Swordhardt Online
I...don’t get the joke here with the Neros
Awesome, thanks. I remembered reading the manga when I was younger, up until the arc where they competed in that other school
I know for sure it’s advice I’ll be following
That nun better prepare for troubke
Because the point of the story is to show that as strong as she is, Kjelle ultimately has many things she has yet to learn. The entire point of her FB story is that she was focused only on strength. But because of that, she had forgot that strength comes from repeated loss and failure. But she later realizes this, and so starts improving once again Kjelle is strong, but only relative to the other Awakening kids: she lacks the skills and experience of other heroes. This is even reflected in her default kit, as she has strong skills, but no prf or unique capabilities of her own, and is this “just strong”
I think that’s less “lazy” and more “childish”.
The bottle is white plastic. Drink is probably water, since one shouldn’t be drinking other stuff while working out
It seems to be a recurring trend for Moon Cancer to have the Atk stat of wet noodles
I swear if I get Aldos’d ONE MORE TIME-!!! I've played this game for ages, ever since Darkness Evolved. And yet when the Leader gacha came into existence, the only one I've ever managed to pull is Aldos. Its hella discouraging
... I actually hate Love Live now...!?
Oh fuck he hard counters Joestar Secret Family Technique
Explain MHXA’s infinite bean paste EX then. In my opinion, EX is for “excessively powerful that it cannot be measured”, and also “wtf how are we even supposed to measure this weird shit”
Can we trade? I have 2 Aldos, and no other leader cards. I’ve played this game since DE... I hate gacha-locked leaders
3pp 4/4 is comparable to Cinderella. While admittedly powerful, it is at least nowhere near as absurd as Tove’s 2pp 3/3 This card is only held back by the fact that it is usable only in Machina Sword
Agreed. No matter how bad Darkfeast/Flauros was, it will never be as awful as Wonderland Hell
Oh hey, it’s Wotakoi. For those curious, the Dantes cosplayer is a woman. A rather busty one at that, which makes it all the more impressive
I’m a long time Master player with ID 903 275 967 Dunno if I can help any newbies, but I’ll do my best to
Erasmus looks to be pretty great so far, since his effect can directly impact the board, his cost is affordable, and he has on curve stats. His effect also makes him very flexible for midrange and aggressive decks, since 4 damage to face is substantial. The Invocation Silver also looks to be really useful for Jerry decks. He ensures that even if you brick (happens often), you can still salvage your early game slightly
You forget the fact that Nightingale is also a Berserker, and her solution to dealing with any injury is to amputate the offending limb.
Hah! That’s where you’re wrong! I dislike all religions. No bias involved
Oh lol that’s an actual character. FGO’s Da Vinci.
I recommend waiting for Gala. If you are a newbie, Gala banners are ideal due to having a very high chance of pulling 5-Stars
I think the consensus is that he’s a great character, but his gameplay is pretty awful and he’s pretty painful to get spooked by
I think FGO is less of a waifu game than stuff like Azur Lane and Honkai Impact and their absurd 100% female rosters. While females do comprise of a large number of SSRs, the game does still give lots of spotlight to the males too. I kinda appreciate it honestly. I enjoy it when people like characters for being well-written characters instead of just being waifu. It adds a level of diversity to the roster and allows for more variation in designs. In a lot of “waifu dominant games”, a majority of the cast is usually heavily forgettable and ignored, but in FGO, characters all look and act so distinct that they become more memorable. It also incentivizes the devs to write well instead of opting for the easy route of making some sexy design and calling it a day. To put into perspective, DW got people to spend money on an old man. That’s almost unheard of in gacha games That said, FGO likely gets the reputation of a waifu game from its advertising, since the females typically headline the ads and merch. It’s likely also due to its early days where it Ms playable cast was more heavily skewed to females
Just gotta day, you draw one absolutely amazing Torterra
***Screaming Kohei noises***
Yeah. Which is why I'm not totally unconvinced. But summer is also a good time for other units to have flowers. I really really want it to be Gunnthra. But this silhouette doesn't really fit the rest of her body shape, so I'm trying to see it.
Yeah. Maybe if its her "hurt" pose and she's leaning back, it miiiight work?
“The South are sore losers” is my general opinion of it. They refused to acknowledge they fought on the wrong side for the wrong ideals
I prefer Fate’s male Arthur though. Like... I can actually look at him and see “yeah, that’s an anime young King Arthur”
Hmm.... yeah, that's definitely possible. Silhouettes are tricky things man.
There was. Someone voted for it as their favorite
Summer Surtr is a joke precisely *because* it’d be the most outstandingly stupid thing you can do for him. The sheer audacity of putting Surtr in beach shorts would just warp around to being hilarious
Khawy you were supposed to defeat the aggro side, not join it!
Big Mom, one of the most powerful people in One Piece
You thought the art was over, BUT IT WAS I, ASSEMBLY DROID
Oh gods he outright murders Fairies now. One potential application that’s overlooked is that he prevents you from overfilling your board when you use him. He could be really dangerous in decks like Roach, since he chips damage while also keeping the board empty for the Roaches to come in on.
I’m not complaining. More time to stockpile quartz
What did Sword even get in DBNE? Celia and that’s it..?
Leo: Extra **Extra** Tomatoes
In light of today’s news, I think this should be reuploaded again, but with Wedding Elly at the bottom
Took me a while to realize the Pokémon were picked to match the Spider-Man villains
It’s Curtains...+ Coincidentally, Hot Springs Ryoma might be on this month’s legendary
She feels like wasted potential, and that’s kinda why. A part of me likes her because I like to imagine the possibilities she could’ve offered to the story of it were written better. A gentle, motherly older sister would’ve made for a good contrast alongside Ylgr’s flippancy and Hrid’s... lack of foresight. I also love her design, as she always looks rather refined and elegant, like a real queen. This contrasts with Fjorm’s relative tomboyishness. Lastly, I sided with Team Gunnthra during the Voting Gauntlet and was amazed when we somehow pulled out a win against Ryoma and Ike, so I easily got attached to her.
Save up for July
Heck, the 7 page muda could take a big chunk of that highlight reel
Is Minerva dressed up as Lana Skye from Ace Attorney? Those lapels and cape look familiar. I wish they did more art of ladies in suits. It’s an awesome look that isn’t used as much. Also **of course** Bruno’s clothes explode. At least Leon rocks the dress
I kinda prefer it honestly. Prevents you from just dominating through the campaign.
Good ol Heaven's Gate - Enabler of memes
I kinda disagree on Micaiah, because she needs to actually have merges to improve her score. Olivia and Silvia seem like more understandable options
I want at least 2 of these. One for my Corrin, and another for maybe an Olivia or Silva
Considering it only works on player phase and Alm ALREADY deletes anything he initiates on, I don’t think it’ll change anything. He still wins the same matchups and loses the same matchups. I don’t own Alm, and I’m unconcerned. Now on L!Lucina... that is scary
She does, but good luck merging her to +10.
She joins Xander in the “cannot swim club”
It’s just inherently part of the calculation used when inputting stats. The combination of starting and final stats will always lead to some kinda superasset/flaw, even if the unit cannot have one
She can’t swim
Yeah I think so. Gave us amazing memes though
Doctor Blow 4
I love how full Xander Emblem gets complete color coverage, complete with a dancer
I got Laegjarn in my first circle! She’s -Atk +Def but I don’t care anyway! 42 orbs later Gunnthra shows up with a perfect +Spd -Def! I’m mad hyped. Gunnthra was my main goal, and she’s perfect! Can’t wait to build her. I’m probably gonna stop pulling for now, and see what summer 2 brings first.
Beautiful sketch, and good luck with your pulls!
Ive watch too much Gintama, and I keep hearing Hijikata. That gruff voice definitely is Zoro’s voice though. Now we just need to see Helbindi with 3 shovels
Permanent. Take your time
Uninterested in Nero, but I’m also saving for all three SRs that share banner with her
Kintoki and Moriarty. Presumably my favorite color and that I have a thing for dandy attire
Specifically, its when you present Larry's dumb painting as "evidence" and give a seemingly batshit answer "the body flew across the fallen bridge!". It makes sense in context, and there's a very logical explanation. But Phoenix's phrasing made everything think he had lost his marbles.
This is why I really appreciate the NA team, despite their faults. They don’t always get things right, but they try. And if they do make a mistake, they learn from it and improve on the next go around.
I freaking love Qin Shi Huang
Medea Lily. She was the first SR I’d ever rolled (apart from starter d’Eon), so I used her all the time while I got carried by friend supports. Consequently she was the first (and so far only) Bond 10 I have
So reverse powercreep? It’s okay I guess. Trades 1 HP for the enhance flexibility
Any deck which demands a tempo play on T5. Use her on T5, and she can basically trade into 2-4 enemies. Because Zwei herself remains as decent body, Victoria is also a must kill, and you get two Puppets. She provides 4 bodies for Destruction, and is also great in Artifact since she doesn’t demand any setup
We haven't gotten a version update in a while. We got loads of them at the start when the game was new because there was loads of stuff that needed to be patched and improved, but now that things have stabilized we aren't likely to get any unless there's major new content coming
Re:Zero kinda subverts it. Subaru does have a very powerful ability, but he struggles epically with it. Much of the story’s development stems from him trying to improve as a person. Additionally, only one character likes him as a romantic interest. Cautious Hero plays with these tropes to Konosuba-level’s of comedic absurdity. The hero in that is overpowered, but is cautious to a ludicrous degree to the extent that he barely gets anything done. He is handsome and attracts female attention on sight, but completely ruins it through his actions proceeding to repulse others. His power also stems from overkill amounts of hard work and excessive preparation It also generally helps that the MC of that story isn’t the aforementioned hero, but the goddess who summoned him.
Ahh... okay that makes more sense. Then in that case yeah I agree with you.
I see this as an absolute win
I agree. I like Subaru because he’s a terrible person, gradually realizes that fact, and takes steps to improve himself and stop being a terrible person. He’s his own character, and not a bland audience stand-in like most Isekai protagonists. People don’t worship him, but they acknowledge his skills, call out his bullshit and treat him like a normal person. I can respect that. Which is good because I’m extremely fed up with bland Isekai protagonists by now.
“Lemme just mulligan my cards because I’ve got no early game” “Shit. Well maybe I can topdeck a 2 drop or something” “Seduc- SHIT CANT USE THAT” Seriously. The card is great, but pulling an expensive card like that isn’t ideal in many situations
Considering how much sexual stuff is in Agartha, bringing Illya there in general was likely a bad idea
Mordred version would just be her and all the Artorias
I was totally expecting this and am very pleased/amused at this development
That must be the worst manga I’ve ever heard of
It’s undeniable
My brain thought it was Pepsi Man at the start for some reason
I have two things to immediately recommend. First is to finish off TT to claim the orbs and the free Ylgr copies. Second is to try and work your way up Arena. It rewards you with orbs every week depending on your rank, and it really adds up as time goes on. Lastly, keep an eye out for the Legendary/Mythic Banner at the end of every month. These banners have an 8% overall rate, making them great for newer players who want “any 5-star”. However, keep in mind they have low odds of getting “specific 5-stars” and are terrible when color sniping. If you are interested in summer swimsuits, then consider holding your orbs a bit. We get another summer banner in a couple weeks, so it’s worth seeing what that brings
Well... that’s certainly a title
While wearing a wedding gown no less
Still got 55k Wyrmite saved for our lovely Dork Dragoon’s debut
Well L!Marth can do it via his Falchion. If it’s explicitly the A skill itself though, it might not
I mean, they can both be really strong cheerleader parents
He already tried that with Maltet. I ended poorly
Her leader art is kinda weird.
Nah. It’ll prob stay mobile. Pokémon had prior experimentation with putting games on mobile and console. Mobile usually fares better, so they’d prob focus on that
For real though, Red looks stylish as hell in this game. He looks like he’s all set for some cold weather hiking
Depending on the date of release, we might end up skipping summer for this first year. If it ends up releasing in July/August, the first seasonal events will likely be around Halloween
Fire Emblem Heroes. Nintendo’s other successful mobile gacha game
I see somebody opted to roll for Merlin during the “big three” banners
You just get a 5/5. Zeus’s skills are all Fanfare
Which means Picnics will be in October. Dammit, that means Flora and Felicia might overlap with Halloween Myrrh
Yeah that month was basically Smash month
Cu Alter is less “indestructible” and more “how tf do I hit this thing” If an enemy has Pierce Evade he loses a lot of bulk
Says the guy who’s piloting auto-Vengeance Machina Bloodcraft with all the Storm cards
On a more serious note, I actually do wonder how balanced an “instant overflow” card would be... I mean, most Dragon cards are simply just “naturally high pp cost”. There aren’t many that are low cost that have Overflow effects, and if they did they are usually ignored in deck building. The most powerful of the bunch (Masamune) is explicitly worded to work only at 10pp Would a card like this that activates Overflow but doesn’t ramp be balanced?
Yeah. Ophelia WAS on a hero fest, but that’s past now. This Chill Banner is as good as it’s gonna realistically get unless IS blindsides us
The common problem all tech options face is that even though we can remove the Amulet, it occupies an entire turn to do so, and there’s a fairly good chance the enemy still just retains a board of buffed followers afterward. While it’s better in the long run compared to leaving the Amulet up, it’s still pretty painful due to the hefty tempo loss.
That can’t be right. Where are the aliens?
More likely it’s for the Summer celebration event. Unless Cygames decides to make a 3/4 Anniversary
“So what happens when the maintenance ends?”
Technically we just summon shadow versions of our servants. The real Arash is probably just fine. We’re mostly mass detonating disposable clones of him
Depending on how you look at things, it’s not wrong. Lets Go is intended to be for casual audiences, and was supposed to provide a nostalgia trip through Kanto. It isn’t too difficult, but is meant to be a relaxed journey for inexperienced players who wish to start rejoining the franchise after Go reintroduced it to them. It featured and integrated many mechanics from Go in a relatively non-intrusive manner. While it doesn’t appeal to some of us, it does succeed in doing what it needs to for its target audience. SwSh however, is meant to be for the core fanbase. It’s intended to spearhead the 8th generation on the Switch. And so far it’s not looking too impressive oh that front. It’s not succeeding in appealing to its target audience I’m withholding final judgement until it releases, but it doesn’t inspire confidence.
Halloween alt for Beni as she acts as our personal tour guide through Hell. I’m digging the sound of that. I wonder if we’ll get to meet King Yenma (and his mahogany desk)
So far I’ve been experimenting with various iterations of Hades. It’s a deck that’s really quite enjoyable, but I’m not having too much success with it so far. It’s predominantly a lategame deck, and in this meta surviving till that long is a bit of a challenge. Between Blood’s crazy storm, Rune’s hefty burn and Haven’s big followers, survival is pretty tough. That said, Shadow has a lot of objectively excellent new cards in Mechasaw and Fatal Fields. But they just have trouble standing up in this harsh environment
They probably referred to “just them and whatever servant they were initially assigned” I mean, Wodime more than proved his worth in Lostbelt 5. Dude is one helluva mage. As for a Daybit, he’s actually recognized by Da Vinci as a genius
That shows your personal character. And that’s a great thing Others would have just opted to pack it and run
He’s got a better fate than most other free dragons, that’s for sure.
Reverse for me. I’ve gotten 3 Mitsuhides so far, but I had Ieyasu as my primary objective after repeated failures
TFW you play AR and see Rein and a bunch of Cavs on the defense team
Smiling Rowen? Yeah. It’s quite similar. Both came around quite close to each other though, so which came first I’m unsure of. I was in both subreddit’s at the time and it was great
Didn’t this actually happen in the Prisma Ilya timeline?
Cynthia had menacing piano music long before Giorno ever did
“‘Yes, yes, yes’, oh my god...”
*screaming Aqua noises*
First two ascensions was Oui drawing and painting. For her third ascension, Papa Hokusai is piloting, so the art and painting style changes accordingly since they have different approaches
Thaniel
Surprised that ultimate ikemen Lanling didn’t make it. Mandricardo either, but then again he was pretty recent. Moriarty tho. Raita proving once again his caliber in character designs
I mean the only world we ever isekai’d into was Shimousa. Apart from that it’s been a time travel story
I attribute the fault less due to the medium and setting, and more due to its popularity. Isekai is popular. That means many many stories and works are being made in that style. But great and good authors aren’t common. So that just results in a large number of mediocre writers all copy pasting the same character and setting archetypes over and over again. This is a big reason for Isekai’s genericness. It’s borrowing and using concepts that an audience is already familiar with as the foundation of its setting in order to save effort on establishing it. Because so many writers are using the same concepts without bothering to expand upon them, it leads to things all feeling extremely similar. That’s why there’s always self-insert males being tasked by godly beings and gifted grand powers off having adventures to defeat some enigmatic and undefined evil force. Exceptions do exist. Konosuba uses the exact setup, but outright ignores it in favor of pure slapstick comedy and character interaction (everyone loves the gang, nobody cares about the demon lord). Re Zero and Cautious Hero also use the premise, but have their main protagonists be terrible people that nobody can self-insert as. Shield Hero and Arifureta set the main goals as something completely different, but this leaves them falling back into generic once those goals are fulfilled.
Waver himself is fine. People are just upset because Zhuge Liang was a popular figure, and tying him to Waver like this and having zero of his personality be expressed was really really lame. It’s like ordering a cake and only receiving a photo of one.
That’s a Moon medal from Sonic. By any chance are you in Holoska?
-MEGA!
“Mochi tastes best when someone else does the pounding...” Something about this line felt overly suggestive and I’m unsure why.
Ashiya Douman ain’t though. Maybe Watson?
Give him really slow regular attacks, but a chargeable force strike that does big damage. GS users are always aiming for that lvl 3 charge swing
Medusa? It’s the hair color and covered eyes.
Bring some Pokeballs to catch those Buizels.
Claude is the one reading the manga panel
Yes! Hopefully they update defensive mons and supports to have sync moves that suit them instead of unimpressive offensive nukes
I lucked into Ruptured Sky on Merric. He just deletes her comically easily. Granted, that’s HoF skill RNG
Bunyan with her hilariously fast 2s animation
Of course. He isn’t Vegeta.
Greed hath proven to be thine undoing. Seriously though, you have our sympathy. That’s really bad luck
Unfortunately not. Even in JP, the man rarely speaks. However, we can glean a few things about him For one, he’s hella sharp. The other Crypters sometimes ask him for advice or opinions on matters, and he’s often very accurate (e.g. he correctly guesses Chaldea will end up in Russia’s Lostbelt first by virtue of the link established when the Oprichniki attacked, and correctly identifies a critical weak point in Pepe’s Belt). Whenever he speaks, the others present give him their full undivided attention He may have some degree of psychopathic tendencies. He agrees with Beryl that “the joy of killing” is something they couldn’t indulge in while in Coffins. He considers our skills to be respectable. He views Guda’s our performance in the Lostbelts to be good considering how little Guda has to work with. General communication with him is overall impossible. His language is curt, direct, and to the point, and while he has no malice, he also shows zero friendliness. His partner is a Berserker as nobody (even him) expects any degree of mutual understanding to be forged anyway. Kadoc even comments how speaking to Daybit feels like being exposed to a “void in reality”. Despite this, he is considered a genius even by Da Vinci. His former position in the Clocktower was the most secretive of all departments which reported to the director directly, and he even got banished from that somehow. He’s likely the most powerful Crypter after Wodime (unless Beryl really shows off) He’s a character that is very difficult to use in these comics, given how intentionally enigmatic he is. I don’t think there’s any way to use him easily due to the sheer amount of seriousness and intimidation he radiates. Even Beryl can be worked with since he’s rather friendly and affable for a mass murderer (he genuinely offers to help Kadoc), and has limits (some crazy princess in his Lostbelt apparently freaked him out). But Daybit has little to go on. — Example Dialogue from LB1 — (In the middle of a meeting, when all Crypters are speaking, Daybit speaks and all others fall silent) Daybit: The place of their emergence will be Russia. They will emerge at the center of the Lostbelt Hinako:..... why is it? Daybit: ? Even if you ask me, its obvious isn’t it? The only thing they know currently is about the current earth is the servants that attacked Chaldea. That is their only connection for leaving the Imaginary Space. The Oprichniki can also be used as coordinates for them. Kadoc: I see... so it’s karma then...?
Our only avenues of beast killing are Picnic Flora and Felicia. Whose weapons are used for way more general stuff besides that
I’m having to work with custom-made game engines due to my school’s project requirements Never have I ever missed Unity more...
Zieja trolls so much. He really lives up to the character
I’m aware. I’m not ashamed to admit Pochi’s art alone carried that story for me.
I mean Moriarty has many many fans, so a good number of folks out there would envy your pull
There are two types of Zerks. Natural Zerks and forced Zerks. Natural Zerks are those who naturally belong to the class, and typically retain most of their sanity or have a warped version of it. Examples of such are Kiyohime, Kintoki, Hijikata. and Beowulf. All of these are very comfortable with their class and enjoy it’s strengths while uninhibited by it in the slightest. Forced Zerks are those who are forcibly summoned into the Zerk class upon being summoned. These are usually held back from their full potential by Mad Enhancement, which dulls their minds due to them not normally having it. Many non-FGO Zerks have this, such as Herc and Lu Bu. These typically have Madness serve as a restraint in their powers. All of Jalter’s servants in Orleans were also forced into being Zerks, and suffered greatly for it. A servant who is naturally a Berserker should have no problems in dealing with the class’s issues. One such as this should have no problem competing well in a Grail War
&gt; Balmung *Sumanai intensifies*
Yeah, but Reinhardt is free. You can flip the argument by saying you spents lots of orbs to get a unit that does a slightly improved job over a free one.
Oh thank goodness. If it’s just a lore rename then that’s fine
By this point, Guda and Fou are the only “family” she has left of Chaldea
Hijikata gets to be memorable because of Gintama memes
Am Chinese by race. This describes my sentiments exactly. FGO has Waver. He’s Waver. There is no Zhuge Liang. At least we later got really cool representation like Chen Gong, Li Shuwen, etc.
Ahh... TV. It knows what I want!
Shut up Sothis!
... I mean her stun is pretty sensible on a stall team, which is where she excels at. It can easily buy you a crucial turn to charge NP. Her star Gen skill is also decent to support the teams’s main attacker. It’s just Aesthetic Appreciation that’s useless
I mean, she herself is unhappy about it. “It’s a dirty job, but someone’s gotta do it”
Do we have Okuyasu’s VA anywhere?
Well duh. He burnt and destroyed public property. The book topic is irrelevant. The books could be about concrete mixing, or fishing. But burning something that doesn’t belong to you is a criminal offense.
Peace was never an option
It has arms!?!
Also Galarian Articuno becomes Cyclops and gets to shoot Optic Blast
Remarkably detailed breakdown. I’m no maid lover, but I always like seeing how different interpretations of a single topic come about. So curious to see the sheer contrast between the traditional, proper, practical clothing and the fan service variants.
Part of what made FGO summer so fun is that the themes are more varied outside of just swimsuits. Nitocris with the Medjed sheet, Nobu with the giant guitar, Melt in a penguin poncho, etc
Memes were glorious though
Ambassador Spy then?
Yep. That’s what dynamaxed
AWAKEN, MY SERVANTS!
I agree. Mephistopheles was really really well-developed in his own strange brand of “complete dick, yet also reliable when need be”. Altera feels like she’s forcing herself for the gag here
You mean the GSSR? My biggest want was Moriarty, but I got Scathach and I was pretty happy. She was also quite high on my wanted servants list. I managed to lucksack Moriarty later on when his banner came up too!
I still have most of my Grails and didn’t use any for this Super Succ rate. Still got a ton of other servants I needed to level up
I mean... I’m not sure if there’s any other way to execute it. When something is conceptually designer to be “plain, sad and pathetic looking”, there’s no real way to get around it. It’s intended by design
Hel at least didn’t pull recurrent Deus ex Machina like Surtr. The man literally teleports in to kill Gunnthra. Then after we get sent on a long sidequest to bypass his immortality, he goes and reveals he has ANOTHER immortality. It all just felt absurdly cheap. At least with Hel she never pulls the same degree of dumb shit Surtr did. We find a way to kill her, and then she dies.
Ah right. The devil in the machine. A situation which seems perfectly fine, only for it to magically go wrong in the most improbable way imaginable. Something that can only happen because “the writer says so” That’s definitely a more apt term.
It contains the dying wish of every Summoner gathered here today
Who let Kiara near her?
I’m always amused that whenever comics involving the stalker trio crop up, it’s universally agreed that Kiyo is the leader of the group and the one to organize things. Maybe it’s because of her yandere experience. Or maybe just old fashioned seniority, since she’s technically started the stalking since Orleans
“Did I stutter?” - Nobu
I don’t want any of these guys. Maybe I’ll pull green and try for Echidna or Ross &gt; *-HP +Atk Osian* Seriously!?
Georgios is still the game’s best overall tank (d’eon is better in Crit teams though). Fuuma is still great support. Spartacus is a farming machine. And that’s not even touching the utility of Arash and Chen Gong’s suicide gimmicks. Cu is a terrible offensive Lancer though. He’s a pure defensive one
Yep. Still technically correct though...?
*Why do I hear piano and slide whistle music?*
Absolutely. In every way
Watch it be some kinda Falchion variant
We left Farfetch’d behind in Galar and it became Sirfetch’d
I’m mostly annoyed that they didn’t put in subtitles for battle dialogue. Like... I’m fine with not having a dub because it’s tough to do that for a singing game. But lemme understand what everyone is saying dammit
*Catria laughter*
You should though. TMS is one of the biggest hidden gems of the Wii U
Years after voicing Dio, Patrick Seitz returns once more to voice an actual Stand
Oh. Well shit. Guess it is Kyurem after all...
I mean, at least this is appealing to China in a reasonably tasteful manner. Add a well-made Chinese character, and show them the same amount of gameplay developmental focus as other characters in game? Sure thing!
It isn’t seriously. It’s mostly stemming from memes. The internet loves to go out and make degenerate art of everything under the sun, so declaring something as minor as hand-holding to be lewd is mostly done in jest and irony. It’s also to make fun of how anime always makes such an exaggerated deal out of it relative to real life
... she’s adopted
Hence the joke.
Duma was more Part 2 than 3 though
4 Fallen Tikis. Just straight up NOPE’d out of that
I mean... the Democratic lead candidate hasn’t been confirmed yet. He’s also basically saying he’ll vote Republican again if it isn’t Trump. Which shows how he’s really just missing the entire point
I believe that was the “role” Jalter have to Arash even in the original Japanese version too. Everything just really lined up perfectly for this joke. A+ job localization team
Hmm... I see. I’ll look into building her then. I’ve wanted to for a long time, but hearing her being unviable for HMS was a turn off
[She must have been mistaken for an enemy ](https://youtu.be/DMI1dHGOPJo)
I was actually betting on Steve getting a Mii Costume, like how Sans did. **Cuphead** getting a costume was unexpected
Solon’s WTF expression at everything was golden
I’m a bit surprised they were added so soon though. I expected them to be added with Fighter Pass 2. I do feel they were a bit “normal” considering how left-field Joker was
Kirby confirmed Golden Deer member
Girl looks like she stepped straight outta Kingdom Hearts.
The Byleths look to be really heavy in general. All their attacks have good range, and they hit hard, but they don’t seem to move very fast and they have a tether recovery.
She took lesson from Altina
Yagyu or Danzo!? Hmm... decisions
Corrin’s cheeky thumbs up is perfect. I love Ray Dango’s Corrin
I’m still amazed Pizza Time is a real song in a video game and not something some drunk musician made for YouTube memes
And the other is Medea. So basically Sheba’s really the only DPS Arts Caster
You can tell it’s Inkling because of all the purchased outfits. Splatoon players love their fashion
“The curtains are blue because the author just wanted blue curtains”
Everyone looking at the camera, and then there’s Kosei
It’s actually fine, cause there’s no farming in Setsubun and it actively prevents you from reusing the same team repeatedly
I see you are truly cultured to have Archer Shinjuku You seem to be mostly lacking in ST options. Yagyu (defensive Arts Saber), Lancelot (Arts Crits), or Sheba (Caster DPS) are all worthwhile. An offensive Assassin could also be good. Carmilla (anti Female) or Assassin of Nightless City (really high NP Damage, but inconsistent) are good choices. Though it’s likely not worthwhile since we get Shiki soon AOE Riders like Astolfo are good for farming. Though Medusa already does an acceptable job
What else does your roster have? For a newbie, most options are good
I see it too. The shading tinted her body into a faint green tinge, and her red hair got really pronounced, so that’s probably why
Darkest Lariat’s absurd animation is its whole appeal though. Look at how it is on Steelix. It outright spins around on its axis. Hitmontop is the only one that looks good, since it spins in on its head
Tanking? Steelix has always been super defensive
Bridal Chelsea it is!
Don’t worry about rerolling too much, all the starter SRs are useful in different ways. We even get a free SR ticket soon to let you pick your own SR, so now is a good time to join. The only optimization I would recommend is to not underestimate the low rarity units in this game. Many are actually quite powerful in different ways. In particular, I recommend leveling Arash and Spartacus for their impressive farming prowess
Not good. She’s more valued for her character rather than gameplay. She gets better with a star gather buff in future, but that’s in the far future There are few situations that merit an AOE Avenger.
Now we need a version of this with the Norts. We can even use OG and Young Xehanort to do the “I’m you from the future” bit
He was also the rateup on Scathach’s debut banner iirc. Not surprising he has his reputation as a spook
Camera angle adds a lot to emphasize certain qualities
The fact that, on a meta level, Riku is the one playing as Data Sora makes this even funnier
Okay. Snakes and wolves (relatively close to dogs) I can understand. There’s a history to that stuff. But Koala and rats!? Those are common carriers with diseases! Who thought this was a good idea?!
Archie: “Y’all see this fish!?” Team Aqua: ... Archie **Imma wrestle it**
Are you implying that best girl Marnie is not worth happiness and protection!?!? Dem’s fightin’ words!
Same logic as me. That banner has Medb and Cu Alter, and I want Medb anyway, so it’s a good banner to roll. If all fails, there’s always the November SR ticket
Female Kirin Armor! I knew it! It’s right up there alongside the Rathalos armor as one of the series most iconic armor sets
Mizutsune Armor design was popular, but never as iconic as the Rathalos or Kirin gears, so this was a pleasant surprise to see Snowbaron Lagombi still my favorite though We could do with a good water bow. Laranoa was unfortunately not Burn resist so it’s hard to use her for High Brun
Ah yes, the Ventus reverse grip
So how are they gonna go into space for this one I wonder
Super hyped for this. Can’t wait for his new animations
Kiyohime viewing Hinako as Gudao’s “boss” is a rather cute interaction
I had an easy win, then I accidentally went and repositioned an ally onto a movement trap.
So it’s the same type of Keyblade as Kingdom Key...?
I think it’s probably connection? For most other readers on reddit, the Crypters are a big unknown factor unless they play JP, so they find it much harder to relate to Kadoc or Ophelia since they don’t really know about them. Heck some might be *actively avoiding* these comics for fear of spoilers In comparison, Jason and Herc’s wacky adventures was more relatable since everyone knows those two. That story is also more original, being a portrayal of the original fables with FGO Jason. In contrast, the Crypters comics are a retelling of the same FGO story events that we’re already familiar with, which makes it less “new” These were likely also the reason why Kadoc and Meph’s part was the most popular: it focuses less on the singularities and more on the relationship of the two. It sets up a fun rapport between two unlikely individuals and showcases gradual development throughout. Also Mephistopheles is a rarely utilized servant in FGO, so there’s room to explore there, while Kadoc is also the Crypters that most players here are likely familiar with. In contrast, Altera and Ophelia had a less focused relationship between them, and Hinako interacts less with Ushi, so the appeal and dynamic isn’t as strong. Pepe and Arjuna might be able to recapture a strong dynamic and character growth considering how much Arjuna has room to grow. That said I still do feel that these are really great comics. The idea of the Crypters interacting with Gudas is inherently very appealing
Smash hype wave probably Most people got used to Byleth’s design after the got over her ridiculous stockings.
Edelgard, Dimitri and Claude all gather back in the war aftermath Meanwhile Lysithea is wondering why Claude dragged her along for this meeting
Ironic, given that for the entirety of last year people were complaining about it having no representation in FEH.
Dancer Dimitri though.
[Sandpaper though](https://youtu.be/2hGSfJGBKJ0)
All that for a drop of Wyrmite
Ivan’s *own interlude* opens with him going WHY AM I AN ELEPHANT
Approximately 13 times
They were originally conceived as dramatic comedy stageplays. So it’s a given. They aimed to be absurd as a way to keep the audience entertained back during an era where imagination was super crucial. Hence why all the Paladins in FGO are so ridiculous
Its arguable that Zelgius has been powercrept by Black Knight, since the grail system allows BK to get merges and thus achieve better performance. That said, Zelgius **is** the BK, so it’s a rather weird case of him reverse-powercreeping **himself**
Also, yes it is actually spelled “Spehss Mehreens 41,000” in the story Amazing
Fury Master here!
I remember the music for this was used in Heavy Is Dead
Also Steven is infinitely cooler than the plain MC
Chiyome finding Gorgon’s plight relatable and trying to be her best friend was **really cute** Also the localization named Penth “Abtastic Berserker”
And the sixth unit (Dorcas) eventually got an alt as a free unit
Helps a lot that he plays up the association with memes and fan base interaction The man clearly enjoys his character
Pretty much every frame in Heavy is Dead has something silly happening in the background. The amount of detail in that video is astounding
His inherent synergy is with Vantage teams. Hit him once and the whole enemy team gets slammed into Vantage/WoM/Brazen range
I wish I have Dung Bombs right now
Making Byleth into the Fire Emblem equivalent of a university professor has basically made them into the most relatable and personable of all the FE player avatars.
I feel like that’s still kind of a stretch. Dokkan is undeniably a big player, but they don’t compete with FGO’s target audience at all. TemTem directly competes with Pokémon’s target audience. But they are really small, and the Tems are admittedly rather lackluster in design. Game is really fantastic. But I do feel it has much to improve on and is missing many important things that Pokémon has. Characters are a particular problem: Tem’s Rival is obnoxious for *absolutely no reason* and is quite unlikable (whereas Blue and Silver has reasons to be be competitive and werent as dickish). The TemTems also don’t feel as interesting or unique as Pokémon
I kinda just interpreted it as them being utterly done with the student’s assorted nonsense
I don’t see that star-shaped mark
Fairy-specialist Cowboy? That sounds pretty rad Top left looks very Poison. Has that acid green color
To be fair, **nobody** liked the Aversa Loki Forging Bonds story. It’s rather telling that as time went on, Forging Bonds stories began focusing more on Askr crew and Fjorm, with the Summoner barely appearing. The only one I can remember since then was Claude’s (which was much better since it was more about Claude and him accidentally poisoning himself) Also Osian’s CHOP story was hilarious and I will vehemently disagree with anyone who says otherwise
Ehhh... personally I’d disagree. Septem was rock bottom in story for me. Agartha at least felt not bad and moderately entertaining. I’d put it on par with London or Okeanos
Lucina and Ephraim also seem to be paired now
Agreed. I love the Hoenn Trainer theme, but I’m here for **Zinnia’s theme**. Spending time on that means less time on Zinnia
In terms of past performance, MRobin has always consistently placed higher than FRobin. Doesn’t quite apply this year though, since 3H massively impacted everyone’s scores
We just fight whenever Thorr just feels bored
Smash 5 DLC: The Beginning and The End
Pizza mozzarella Pizza mozzarella Rella Rella Rella~
The left girl is Abigail Williams from FGO In many, many ways, she’s the base inspiration for the concept of Lathna
This is the first time I’ve ever seen Koels referred to as “uwu bird”, and it’s a hilarious image
Grand Blue. My friends and I had no idea what we were getting ourselves into, and it was great
The look works out remarkably well *G L O R I O U S S U C C E S S*
**Appare Ranman.** It’s best described as “the closest thing we’ll get to Jojo Part 7 until we get Part 7 animated”. Unfortunately, it’s on temporary hiatus due to the covid virus, so episode 3 is the furthest it goes for now. **Cells at Work** is also nice. Happens to be made by the same studio as Jojo, and it shows Another show that’s quite excellent is “**Kekkai Sensen” / “Blood Blockade Battlefront”.** It has a lot of high energy action despite its episodic, almost slice of life format. Also one of the rare anime that is recommended to be watched in English dubbed. It’s selling point is it’s setting, which is a crazy alien chaotic New York
I’m not yet quite sure why Okitan and Izou are so beloved among the fanbase, but I’m looking forward towards playing this event and finding out the reasons why
Why is my Gudaguda so unexpectedly serious...?
Well he certainly has no dignity
I'm just kinda bummed because this was literally the perfect opportunity to do a Kellam joke and they missed it
It’d be extraordinarily unlikely that Deku loses OfA, at least at this point, mostly because it’d create a narrative dead end. The “Mirio OFA” party only cares about that because they only care about how monstrously OP he’d be. They don’t care that such an act would go against the very core of his character or All Might’s wishes.
Is tradition
In a nutshell, Engineer is cute
The sheer contrast between Papa Shirogane’s deep manly voice and the absurd nonsense that he spouts are a big part of his appeal, so him being a successful entertainer makes sense. It’s like why Gintama comedy works so well despite everyone having otherwise serious voices
Fused with Jaffar apparently
Emmeryn got put directly into the 3-4* pool
Very very different in playstyle. Kronya will always be more reliable as a Vantage unit because her prf comes with it prebuilt. This allows her to run utility or offensive skills in her B slot like Disarm Trap or Spiral. Her vantage being dependent on the opponent’s HP means she can survive a hit if the enemy bypasses her vantage. Gangrel however has greater damage potential due to his prf granting true damage. This makes him significantly better offensively, and thus isn’t as reliant on chip damage as Kronya. Both are doubtlessly extremely good
If it’s ember farming you are after, you should consider building Spartacus. AOE Zerk with a 30% NP battery is insanely convenient for almost any farming content. Also Spartacus is hilarious
It’s also the only line in the game to have that sort of effect. Which makes it funnier
Grand Blue is about a guy who goes off to university, and stays with his relatives at a diving store in the process. His dreams of a normal uni life are promptly crushed when he gets strong armed into the diving club that hangs around the store. Said club also consumes a ridiculous amount of alcohol. Much hilarity and scumbaggery ensues. It’s really fun to watch with friends, especially if you are also around university age (at which point it starts feeling somewhat relatable) Kekkai Sensen is one that I highly recommend watching in the English dub. It really fits the New York vibe really well. That really is the best descriptor for the plot. In the 1920s, a crazy inventor and his companion accidentally leave Japan for America. To earn enough money to return home, they decide to build a steam car to participate in a cross country race across the American Wild West. Because it’s an original story, nobody knows much else about what’s due to happen yet. Konosuba is also a popular comedy.
I was half expecting this to turn into the Eggman meme
*distant Aztec dubstep intensifies*
Nobody likes dealing with a whiny kid who got himself into trouble due to his own stupidity. It’s a thing in real life too Granted, he gets better as time goes on and learns from it, but he makes a bad first impression
For reference, Kinemon literally disguised the entire invading force of samurai that’s on Onigashima with extreme ease. And that force is not small at all. If Luffy, Zoro and Kidd arent dumbasses, Kaido’s forces would never notice they were there. That fruit’s capabilities are utterly broken for any large organization. It’s merely worthless in combat. Imagine if the Revolutionaries had it.
I mean they did live together for 2 years, and the only other company they had were Mihawk and the gorillas. Technically, Zoro’s lived with her longer than he had with the rest of the crew
It’s only cheese if it’s unintentional. This seems to be very much intentionally designed
Chloe in general is so cute that having her do anything is always fun to see
It certainly is rather odd that d’Eon got put up as a Saber of all things considering they were more known for being a spy. Maybe the devs wanted a French knight? Mata Hari proves you can be an Assassin despite being just a spy. Then again, Mata Hari had no other combat background, so maybe she gets it by default while d’Eon’s swordsmanship overruled it
This is exactly what baffled me. The Confederates **lost.** They were the losers. They didn't get to write history. There is no reason for them to have been written in a glorifying light, even by the winners. So what gives?
Well, story aside, the gameplay genuinely is very fun and well polished
Saber: Caesar. Bedi has the best straight up nuking, but Caesar’s support capabilities make him more universally useful overall Archer: Robin. Though really it’s also Arash if it wasn’t 3-stars only. Robin’s nuke potential makes him excellent for many things. Lancer: Jaguar. Cu is a survival machine, but does poor damage and is awful in any content outside boss fights. Jaguar has a more generally practical mix of survival and offense, but her storylock status hinders her. Caster: Paracelsus. Holy shit the farming capability on his NP loops... Rider: Ushi. No contest. Her damage makes her outstanding for combat Assassin: Izou. Hundred Faces is easier to get though Berserker: All of em are kinda flawed. Lu Bu is probably the best 3-star, for his nuke potential, but I don’t think he’s that great even then... ironically I’d put Spartacus or Bunyan here instead
strange fake has a voice cast...? I thought it was still being written. Who's the Saber btw?
I mean... its debatably better than getting chased by Big Mom again
I’d probably be more active in this game if they did that. I love dumb meme decks, so getting constantly punished for it sucks
If you are using Yune to attack in AR, I think you’ve already lost
I always thought if meant Ang Moh Don’t (K)Care. Guess now I know better
I feel that a lot of the hate came about due to poor explanation and misunderstandings Some people are acting on the belief that this thing is a location tracking device and transmits data. There was a big initial spread of this misinformation when they first introduced it (not helped by unclear explanations). In truth, the device does none of what people feared. But the reputation damage was already done
This is why cosmetic weapon skins are such a cool feature. Actually makes these kinda cool aesthetics worth keeping, because you can slap it over your actual practical weapon
I can only think of Kempf valuing this skill, since it lets him initiate super safely and reliably trigger his Venin Edge. Jaffar and Clarisse could also work it for chip damage, but they’d rather prefer full offensive A slots
&gt; *Summer is coming* AWAKEN, MY (Pokemon) MASTERS!
Ah yes, Donald Trump and his Stand [MR PRESIDENT]. He keeps the turtle in his back pocket
&gt; I’m the only servant you’ll ever need. *NO!* Do not do this. For a new player, Skadi isn’t the crazy OP unit that everyone makes her out to be. Using Skadi to her fullest potential will demand specific, usually premium servants. She’s not as universally good as Waver or Merlin. For a F2P player, dumping everything into Skadi just for gameplay hype is a potentially awful idea. Very few 1-3 stars synergize with her. Her kit is also unreliable for many CQs compared to Waver/Merlin, because she’s explicitly designed to rush things in 3 turns and offers zero defensive utility outside her NP’s evade. People primarily want her because of her 3T farming potential, which is great, but not wholly necessary unless you are super hardcore into the game. And you can arguably farm with alternative setups anyway Pull for Skadi if you like her (which is what I’m doing because she’s a Scathach and all her comics are cute). Don’t buy into nonsensical meta hype. She is NOT the “second coming of Merlin”
It’s the real life equivalent to pissing off Handsome Jack
Admittedly it’s kinda the other way around. Romeo and Juliet were two characters written to show how stupid the concept of “love at first sight” is and how a myriad of otherwise avoidable problems resulted from that.
They say the device comes from another world, not her. So it’s plausible that just the phone is isekai’d
Actually it’s one Saberface and one Artoria variant By this pattern, only MHXX (edit: MHXA) and Lalter are left
Video games: allowing us to fulfill our greatest fantasies that cannot be realized in real life, such as beating up children
I guess even Sakurai feels like shitposting sometimes
So does that mean Hardy Bearing is the Spin?
Kinemon’s disguise ability is proving outright *broken*. The man hid an entire invading force of samurai on the island, and nobody was any the wiser up until Kanjuro warned them. The fruit is useless in combat, sure. But the utility it offers is insane. Imagine if the Revolutionaries had that
Bravery is the willingness to act despite fear. Except the fear is still there. That can’t be denied. The reason why Jinbe could nullify Big Mom is because he was totally fearless. Usopp is **brave**, but he’s not fearless. I’m not sure how they’re getting out of this predicament, but they certainly won’t be having a face off against her
I still wish we got Bladed Hedgehog
I always found it funny how Napoleon looked so similar to Gintama’s Kondou
Same. Maybe this year?
I’m definitely really impressed. Steamed Hams can be remixed as many times as it needs to and it’ll still be funny
He feels like he’d use the Six Powers, like CP
This is not helping Medusa’s height complex
She’s not a pseudo-servant. She’s not Izanami. She’s... completely just Erice. How and why are still mysteries for Requiem to answer
Meanwhile Nintendo enjoys watching from the sidelines with popcorn
He voiced Snake in 999? Dang, I had no idea
Comparing power levels between universes is always a bad idea. It just leads to inconsistency and inaccuracy in scaling. If you need to do this, comparing via “power” (e.g Gil) is the worst way to do it. It’s best to solve it via thinking out of the box or via logical matchups. I guess if you have to give answer, Shiki is a safe bet. Mostly because she herself is already a crossover character and “can ‘kill’ the concept of anything” is just story-breaking
Considering Aqua’s penchant for being talented at random, non-adventurer-related things... it wouldn’t surprise me if she’s skilled at it for whatever reason.
It’s honestly rather noticeable how often “watch anime” comes up as a hobby in NS. Like... not even as an excuse. A lotta people genuinely watch anime. Maybe it’s the excess time we get idling about. Between all my extra weekend duties on Tekong, I binged a lot of One Piece
He’s grateful that you helped him solve a problem that had been bugging him. He’s angry at himself for making such a stupid oversight and wasting his own time. I’ve been there before
Yes. Though Izanami’s spear is apparently a fake according to Emiya. As for why, we don’t know
&gt; Mordred &gt; CEO &gt; Camelot ... this equation does not compute
Persona does more with the tarot overall, but Jojo has a few **very iconic** tarots.
By my mediocre Japanese skills... [The Hanged Man] Rofurando, is the card’s name
The Infinity Irish?
Lack of character progression. The MC repeats the same song and dance every time, and never grows meaningfully. It’s completely okay for the MC of a story to start out as a loser. It’s completely NOT okay for the MC to never mature and grow out of being a loser.
The thing I honestly hated with early-era Pokémon design is that evolutions were literally “the same, but bigger” Muk, Rapidash, Kingler, Dewgong, etc. Maybe they sprout an extra horn, but that’s it Meanwhile later Gens have us cool progressions like Chandelure, Flygon, Roserade, Lilligant, Whimsicott, Scolipede, etc, where many new themes and elements are added
Fits with the Regi theme naming Regi-Rock Regi-Ice Regi-Steel Regi-Gigas Regi-Eleki
I think it’s just telemarketers being disliked in general. Nobody likes being randomly called to get sales pitched. Nothing particularly attractive about the idea of being one
For real though, that green silk outfit looks hella cool. Looks like he stepped straight outta a movie
Will gives off that James aura of not giving a damn. Also Will without his mask isn’t something that comes to mind
“Ah shit, here we go again...”
I remembered one particular moment, when a character in the story just commented that “Ezra will never lose, because she’s Ezra”. And then Ezra just proceeds to get a second wind for no reason at all and beats her opponent. That just convinced me Fairy Tail is kinda rubbish even by shonen standards, since they can’t even get basic power scaling consistent
Kiara, like BB, also has good potential to be the “plot conflict instigator” of the event story
Maybe it was to obscure Jaffar. Nino’s popular enough to be a feasible guess. If they chose her as the silhouette, people could guess Jaffar But with Zephiel (a younger version. Nobody expected that), guessing correctly is impossible. Moreso when jaffar’s scarf gave him that “rabbit ear” silhouette to mislead us
“Well it’s June, guess it’s time for summer event soon!” Cygames: lmao Halloween in June
I mean... Mania redeemed some hope and positivity in the community.
The world is not ready for Speedo Dorcas
They put mutton in his swim trunks
Said game is also avaliable for completely free, which is a major reason why it exploded in popularity out the gate. You can support the dev by purchasing the art book. But the actual game content itself is free
Hearing her “Senpai” in English is maximum cringe though. That said it’s pretty much the only negative I have with her
Between Sothis, Feh and Morgana, Cassandra Lee Morris just has a really damn good voice for mascot characters
Dorcas holding two massive mutton barbecue skewers
Some of us are hoping they did that just so they could get Koyasu to voice it
5 stages of grief right there
Does this include Red Hair, who was a female horse that got genderbent into a male?
Sounds like you’ve come across an excellent bonding activity with your daughter! This might also be a good opportunity to get more involved in shared interests too. Ask her what other shows, games, and whatnot that she likes, and see if you have anything else in common. It’s not often that a parent and child happen to develop the same interests without one having pressured the other into it, so take this chance to spend more family time together
Inf Hexblade isn’t really a terrible skill, since C skills are always flexible. The problem is it being locked to one specific 5-star that rarely sees focus.
She tends to “switch” between mindsets depending on how she needs be. She just prefers acting like a kid because she felt happiest at her childhood
For real, I won’t be surprised if it does end this way. And then we go beyond that
I wish this thing still charged its jumps but running around...
Considering how all the Knights of the Round seem like completely nutjobs, it’s a miracle that Camelot managed to get anything done
Phina knows where this went
It’s honestly kinda hilarious how... casual the two of them are now after Veronica tried to kill the Askr Gang in Book 1.
Hmm... I guess I recalled wrongly. So Kazuma stopped bringing Megumin to Beldia’s castle after he first shows up, but then he departs. So Aqua was just bringing Megumin there to piss him off intentionally. I’m kinda unsure if Aqua has her power sealed or if she just never had the ability to open to heaven to begin with. It was never confirmed, and Aqua’s boasting makes it hard to tell whether she really “lost” anything. At any rate, the core point of the matter is that Aqua tends to cause problems for Kazuma in some fashion. If it were Ristarte, Kazuma’s life would’ve been much more straightforward
Remember to brush your teeth before you Sleep
*Pokemon Shuffle PTSD intensifies*
They failed their dice rolls
You forget the sea border. China’s been super passive aggressive about the sea for ages. Despite it geographically making no goddamn sense.
Has no remarkable fodder either. Seriously Joshua’s kit is an anomaly. At least Helbindi got good fodder skills
This was in X and Y!? I’d been using berries that whole time!
Who knows? There are other robot characters, like Zenyatta dressing like a Tibetan monk, that lack regional accents. Maybe Blizzard felt Echo needed more “flavor”?
Does anyone else find Napoleon looks a lot like Kondou Isao? And that by extension means he’s carrying a Neo Armstrong Cyclone Jet Armstrong Cannon
**OH! THAT’S A BASEBALL!**
Game pretty much sells itself on that premise, and DAMN was it right
This. I’m willing to at least forgive them somewhat for the Find and Vote, because honestly who would ever assume the userbase can’t **scroll a damn screen**.... My biggest gripe was the inability to choose the color. That really felt like a slap in the face, because it left everything to chance, and nobody was able to get the unit they actually voted for. Had they given us a CYL style selection of 4-colors, it would have likely been much better received
Nope. Conrad was a 4* focus on this current Double Seasonal. And if summons are any indication, his presence **severely** skewed the quantity of red orbs that show up
I wanted most of the reds and was okay with picking blue as my second option. Naturally, the game gives me all green and colorless. Got a Wolt, which is prob one of the better results and has unique fodder, but I’m kinda disappointed in not getting any of the swimsuit ladies
Agreed. I mean... it’s an old-school style shotgun. Not many ways to draw them differently
Does Lele learn it? It’ll be scary if so
So what would Aerith be in this situation?
*ED NO!*
Stand battle where the one that stands loses
Hanged Man is admittedly super unique as a wincon. But how practical it is is questionable. Having Chariot let’s you scream **Silver Chariot** when playing it though
I thought this was actually in the game and not an edit. I’m disappointed now
Silver Chariot is based off the Chariot arcana, just like this card. Again, it’s mostly just a fun thing for Jojo fans
Agreed. Sanji won’t be able to defeat or really harm Big Mom, but he’s clever enough to occupy her and ensure Nami’s group escapes
Up and down this (Holland) avenue
Gintama never ends!
Except in this case RT is being horribly underpowered, yet is succeeding through his own smarts and experience. Nothing about his situation is remotely overpowered. He’s being genuinely clever about picking his fights
At that point, it’s less of a ‘need’ and more of a ‘want’. Depend entirely on whether you want to complete the Big Four Casters collection If you have them and no Quick servants, you’ll never field Skadi anyway since you already have better teams at most times
I don’t even have any good Quick Servants except Kintoki Rider. I’m rolling for pure waifu reasons. I was initially lukewarm towards her, but the various Skadi x Medb comics we’d received over the course of the years really sold me on her (and Medb too). Skadi is really really cute
Decision paralysis. Give a user TOO many options, and they’ll end up getting indecisive and won’t do anything.
King Dedede can never get stronger, for he is already perfect
Ulti appeared in like... 3 chapters, and she’s already way more fun than Smoothie. First two chapters had her establish a really fun sibling dynamic with Page One, and introduce her as a somewhat ‘punk’ personality. Then her third chapter has her get into a cool fist fight
Calm down there Knuckles
&gt; Tonkotsu broth Could this... be one of “my” people...?
I love that Sakurai called in his VA, after all these years, just to record him eating noodles. That’s dedication right there
Called in his VA. After so many years *noodle slurping noises*
Urias being a literal vampire too. Excellent choice
They were the two guys guarding Crocodile’s Bomb at the ending
I’m not the biggest Ash fan, but I do recognize he’s super influential and a huge part of the franchise as a whole. He’s really iconic.
She’ll be here on Anniversary. So yes, quite likely
For me, Guda3 was a rare chance to have Arthur be useful
The scary thing about gambling is that there’s no end. Winning money just means you’ll put it back in later With gacha, there’s at least a fixed objective and it’s a stop after that
Just stack all the Valkyries on top of each other like a totem pole
Isn’t bringing Ortinax kinda a net loss in Bond points though? Since she increases points by 20%, but you’ll only have 4 members benefit, wouldn’t it be better overall to just keep all 5 servants instead?
**NOBU**
She IS a Caster in this with a Grail... so maybe with that?
5.5 seems about right. The show is pretty standard for its genre. Doesn’t do anything wrong, but doesn’t stand out in any way either. Decidedly average. Which is a 5.5
It has a strong chance of success That said, MOBAs are not the most appealing genres for everyone
So its time to party again?
In Shinomiya Kaguya's voice no less.
This whole time we thought they'd be foils to Euden/Zethia. Guess we overlooked Laxi here.
&gt; Lipton Tea They deserve what was coming to them
&gt; “Does anybody truly want this?” Dude... mobile gaming and MOBAs are **huge** in some regions. China, South Korea, Japan, SEA, etc. I personally never enjoyed this genre, but even I recognize that this game has potential to make some **serious profit**. The core fans who enjoy mainline titles won’t care much. But that’s because it’s not appealing to us. It’s a game made to appeal to people to enjoy games of that genre, and it can work because Pokemon has such massive widespread appeal. Just because you personally dislike it doesn’t mean you should try to act like “nobody asked for this”. A project like this has big financial potential
Made by the same company too. Tencent is handling this project
Incorrect. A large number of players casually enjoy these sort of mobile games too. This is trying to target the people who casually play mobile titles on the daily work commute. They aren’t appealing to a hardcore base: they’re targeting the *general public*
South East Asia. Basically covers the region of countries like Malaysia, Philippines, etc. Mobile gaming is big here too
Because it **is** a mobile game...
Hey, the rest of the Asia gaming market exists too! Mobile gaming massively dwarfs the console gaming populations in Asian markets
I’d recommend trying Fate Grand Order. It’s very popular and is notable for being a mobile game which has its main selling point being its story. The game is so big, it outright received two full anime productions and a movie for its story chapters It’s Japanese developed, but the game has an English port which is managed by the developer’s international branch, so it should be downloadable in many territories.
I’m honestly more annoyed that people are complaining about this in other, unrelated subreddits.
Chinese have their own style of ramen. It has a rather different taste compared to Japanese.
MOBAs are pretty popular in many other Asian countries as well. That’s a very large market in and of itself
Reading Papa Shirogane's dialogue after the anime gave him Dio's voice is incredible.
Seriously. All Ivan Lim has done is paint one gigantic weak point in the PAP. The best thing to do is for the PAP to re-evaluate him and maybe kick him out. That many detailed stories about his awful leadership and character *cannot be disregarded as simple ‘fake news’*
With Kaguya’s voice
This character seems to enable a more wholesome slice of life / romance story than the previous one. Really didn’t enjoy the mom Isekai story. For myriad reasons So yeah it looks great. Always enjoy fluffy slice of life stories.
If it’s NSmen... there aren’t really that many unions around for that. Can definitely lead to abuse in power.
I love Eugene and Catherine’s animations. Just slamming down a gigantic chess piece and summoning a bunch of suited bodyguards respectively.
Will Rikku not be affected by the Guda particles?
I’d prob put her in the fridge with the majority of the dark units. She’s really good, but Grace is a very special kind of broken. Literally no other character does what she does
The expansion hasn’t even officially released yet, and Chariot Requiem potentially being able to punch its user to death already makes it my favorite meme of the expansion. I mean... practically it’s kinda useful as a final last resort if you were gonna lose anyway. But gambling on it is way funnier
... *raises hand*
I mean TWEWY did get an anime...
Side note, Lene is practically nude in the back
Setsuna having a prf that involves traps is a flavorful, yet questionable effect. Makes her kinda useless outside of AR unless it has other components
Holmes arguably didn’t NEED the buff given how crazy specialized he is. He’s impractical in most situations, but he’s the greatest problem solver for CQs with defense or invuln gimmicks. An Arts resist down doesnt help him do much except let him loop NP consistently and increase team damage. Very useful, but hardly gamechanging
I think he’s referring to Victor Frankenstein
After that incident where the whole school came to watch them confess... yeah it’s likely Shirogane was seen as off-limits for a long while.
“How do all these squares make a circle!?”
I...don’t understand this. Seliph is pretty good. He’s probably the best cavalry tank in the game, can potentially Miracle indefinitely, and isn’t going to be obnoxious to fight in arena/AR
It kinda stings even worse because Ralmia is so... eh. Tsubaki being a popular card from a few iterations kinda justified it somewhat. But Ralmia? Really...? Like... were the standards *that low*!?
Kaiba voice, dragons, and expensive decks It’s a match made in heaven
So this is the power of Requiem..
Even if Belphomet didn’t win, I figured Zwei would’ve been the popular pick, due to waifu factor, being a character in GBF and having a relationship with Orchis Ralmia just came out of left field
Fitting that The World loses to Chronos time accelerating
