No it was an orc but he had zoomed out too much to see it
What a bro, its the little things that always stand out
They came for the ze stinky cheese, and I did not speak out because I'm lactose intolerant..
Boy do I have a video for you.. It also involves two girls
Yeah I forgot that autochess is underlords and was like "did they rename the morokai event?.."
The few religious folk I know are thankfully very pro-LGBTQ, not religious myself but it's a good thing to see that there are forward thinkers among many crazies like the ones in the article
I have a story on why I don't use invincible.. A friend REALLY wanted the mount, so one day we're talking on skype(was a few years back) and I was doing a run for shadowmourne shards and jokingly was saying "what if it drops now haha?". You can guess what happened after that. I basically said "aw, no drops this week oh well no matter" now keep in mind he was farming that bastard every week and I got it within like the third run. He still doesn't know otherwise I'd be a dead man
Brother! My luck is spent on mounts, thankfully that's all I care about these days. That and those goddamn tusks of mannoroth
As someone who's still trying to unlock zandalari, show me that group because BOY DO I FUCKING HATE THIS GRIND ALREADY AT 14K REVERED
Thanks man! I've been at it for so long that I mainly need easy ones like ToT and SoO for the tusks and mount. Now if we only had bear tartare still :(
Hah! The last one got me the in end
Flex tape
Hmmm.. You know those Snapchat filters? If guys got hold of a Snapchat filter for twitch and used a pushup bra that would be a new dollarydoo making scheme
It's time to make money boys
With the amount of effort that man is putting in, I'd guess he put a timer on it and a stand and everything
Fuck yes, man!
*whips out the diamond pick*
Nice! Even though I don't play much druid or tank I wish I got that tanky boi
God I love yahtzee, its always fun to pop into post-zp stream and laugh my ass off
Dude. The triple nobody ones have shortened my lifespan by like 20 years.
Fuck me half life in comic form instead of the game would for work me!
As the others mentioned, but to add to this you can get it by doing the invasions that come up on the kul tiras/zandalar maps
Stealthman 54 I think it was called, haven't done bgs in a few years but I still remember using them a lot
Always will be. Using it for discord now
That's my reason for existing. Death grip the other shit where the other mobs are
I'd prefer a shield tbh
But then clean water would also smell like a den of copperhead snakes oh shit oh fuck they're in my kitchen
I gotta say I didn't get into FFXIV but its because of the aesthetics to me personally. The game itself is fine, and I'd say its far from f2p quality. If you only played pre-revamp then oh boy it was bad, but thankfully after that they fixed a lot of the problems
No -blizzard, probably
You kid but the end of the zandalari allied race questline gave me season 8 flashbacks with that queen talk and independence. Which is crazy because it came out before season 8, those fuckers and blizz were in cahoots
It's because of the money, they can afford the biggus dickus
Remodel the t3 sets and I'll be forever happy
Did you play at the start of legion? AP grind was absolutely hated by the community and riots were had
Calling it now it'll be like with like a kul tiran coat and all
Heya, so yes quite a few things that can let you catch up. The emissaries are first, basically every day a new quest pops up that requires you to do 4 quests for a certain faction and gives good gear/artifact power. Second is invasions which happen pretty much every 12 hours after one ends and they last for 7, you'll see them with a faction symbol when they're active on one of the continents and they give gear. And lastly would be warfronts which give you gear and they're available every week but your faction has to control one of them. Overall for me to gear up it took about a few days, the invasions help a ton And storywise you missed a bit but not too much. For more I recommend nobbel87's videos he does pretty in-depth explanations while also not being a snooze fest. And unfortunately the choices don't matter for choosing zappyboi or sylvanas
Yeah I didn't like the setting as well, but thats just personal. But it had a shit ton of customization and housing which we desperately need
Reading up on his other comments here I definitely agree. To think people like this exist and then there was a guy in my group yesterday who started insulting our healer for going back a minute in the dungeon to get a quest item.
Well Holy shit.
Stupid sexy Velen
Yep
No. Old good, new bad. Like music! It's that simple
Shit I got 6 new zandalari Bois to level, I know what I'll be doing
That's one of the best parts about being a DK. Always have water walking on any mount
Clearly you haven't played gta
Going through /r/all when I see mostly younger teen stuff I feel old
God fucking damn it I love doing stupid gags with the double honk noise. Why do these shitholes urin everything
Speaking of, fix the goddamn bloodseeker to not bug out as well
You have to switch to Americas in the bnet launcher. Note this will require a separate sub, I played there a while back and it counts as a whole new game so no progress will be saved
The grand exchange was great tbh
GIVE MY MY SHIELD DPS BACK BLIZZARD!
Dazar alor theme is one of the best tracks that have come out tbh
Evil little things
I can't fathom the money she's rolling in. What a fucking world. I wish I could show my ass and get paid
I bet my balls that if she did porn her following would actually plummet.
Kinda late to the party, but thanks for all of this, mods. I'm not one to play classic, but I want the community of both games to go hand in hand damn it. And thanks for limiting the SOTG talk, people are shitting even on 8.2 before it's come out for gods sake. I can't imagine how much crap you have to remove honestly, but I'm glad you want to keep it civil
At this point the community wants to just stir shit up not because posts are not allowed, but because classic bad I dun wan it in muh sub.
Is it as rare as the shoulders? I've been thinking of starting to farm the set as well
Learned mounts were definitely in wotlk
SERIOUSLY! it's basically nothing but 100% perfect to add at this point - mechagnomes and vulpera, as well as gnomes and goblins will most likely be tinkers and will wear mail
Imagine ICC and ulduar sets updated. Sweeeet jesus
Fix it in 8.3 To get it destroyed in 9.0
You kid but that's kinda what happened in FF14 and I have a feeling that the battle for azeroth is not one we will win
I don't know, man. I think we'll get that next expansion following the last 2.hey guys WoD was about the iron horde not demons lol *looks at shattrath being overrun* then we gradually get into legion. Following this, hey guys BFA is not old gods based lol then we gradually might get into the old gods expansion
&gt;unusual ingredients Murloc eyes are usually pretty hard to find. Every time I go out to get a few I get swarmed
Even though you can only transmog them during the event
Yep! Absolute great QOL change
Ah shit
Hah Holy fucking shit imagine that. Jesus we could shut down all the salt gathering operations in the world after that
Well that's fine except I'm poor as fuck. I was looking to save up for the froggies even
But reddit say religion bad
The dad
Me and the boys burning down a house with lemons
Super proud of you, man!
Even 35 for the UK
Or win one
Well I didn't see anything about it, so I assumed it was the first time
Well it would be blah blah he's a blah blah essentially being no u
Kael Thas
It was on cooldown
I mean we did kill him in the halls of valor
They get in line otherwise all of the hunters from both factions band together to get rid of them
Jesus that was fast. I still haven't gotten around to the hive mind yet
And we can finally show off SHIRTS
Most likely nzoth's prison
If they did, this post would be very different
Dude, specifically about the last part with the current cinematic I think it's what they're going for. With classic coming I think they might go all in on this one
She'd be an actual influencer
All I need is scrap atm, I've been crafting those juicy rocket packs man..
Totem store mount
That's what I did now, but.. I got the jukebox and made that instead :( I'm pretty much going for the meta achiev, I need that wheel
&gt;Nightmares &gt;Xal 🤔
Jesus, that would end pretty damn fast
Kael was into Jaina, she was into Arthas, Kael got mad and sad
&gt;seven times in the foot Rather, the toenail if you will. Because even brox only scraped him just a wee bit
Perhaps the grind? It's definitely not for everyone
Ark is absolutely fantastic! If not played on a public server. Get a bunch of friends and get your own server going, it's the most fun I've had and I wish I could still play now but my PC can't handle it anymore :/
Same tbh, theres literally no better time to do it than now. It's like how runescape became RS3 way back when.
Just eat your sibling 4head
That, and ark ran worse and worse
69.69
I half expected this to go "azeroth is now an edgy teen"
Because it wouldn't be called AZERITE, silly! It would be cthunite or some shit. Like saronite!
Every day a random tool will be available. Howeeeever you can get the recipe for the jetpack from rustfeather, the bird that also drops the rusty wheel mount!
That's just the old god version
I DID IT MON, I FOUND DA WAY TO SAVE AZER- *morphs into aquatic on the ground and starts struggling* This is how I imagine it going with him
We'd just be his side bitches
Damn right it is, and so was our armor back in wotlk.
Oh yes it is, with sticky sticky love
Get a stasis rifle and a heat knife, and when you encounter them go to work. Also put on the ghost busters theme on repeat and aah "I AIN'T AFRAID OF NO GHOST" as you whack em. Works every time
Serious question, is there any reason besides the pack animals that people hate summoning?
Maybe the account got deleted and with it the comment?
That makes sense, it even looks like the looney tunes background!
Get the warlord of draenor title and claim it as your own land
The feet are their skeletons, so yes.
Stuff like that is what builds a fun community, I love those moments!
They really need to make them toys already, I'd use them on all my alts
I'm sure they will, you keep on being awesome, the community always needs more happiness
Pretty sure they meant it as the hackers that play with addhsgabrhs names
В зависимост от религия/култура(от Wikipedia)
I still have hope for them to be updated one day, despite them saying it can't
Every time the coat comes up on the intro I get sad :(
A few .. Hundred Seriously, about 200 hits should bring it down. I've done this a few times, and if times right each stasis hit will give you enough time for 10 or so hits with a blade.
The art of flanking, its a beautiful thing
Got elegon first kill. ...on my US account that I used a few times to play with friends EU account has an embarrassing amount of kills without it, I feel duped
He's made it a point to outlive the onion eaters, he's going to live forever
Happy cake day!
That explains a lot. I'm shit at PvP, too
Jijinjiji is an ass and we won't be working with him again.
Confirmed, deepest lore
Good. /r/onionhate sends their regards
Might I recommend bagnon?
Same with instagram
Wait what? When I'm low in warforged seals I can just redo the daily in like a minute to max out to 20 seals
Ah, the days of killing a dino and rushing to loot it before it flies away into space
Haven't had a chance to play extinction, the hell are mana's? Considering the oppressor is the fun destroyer, doesn't sound good..
Nope, they're fake
Same here, I just feel sad because they were the underdogs this TI and their performance basically didn't matter because people are memeing OG's stomp.
And you just know when those people get dumped they'll whine how they can never find a good partner
I thought he was talking about the gardens specifically, like sure you're a little archdruid but he's THE MASTER GARDENER
Maybe the mod had a WoW addiction and you reminded him of it
Congrats man! But please use the auto weeder from the tithe farm! Not seeing weeds in the patches is just the best thing
Back in my day we had army on all specs, so maybe he was just stuck in the past
Personally I prefer the footer
I thought the same, plus it slightly looks identical to the hallowed one which IMO fits with the corruption as its (to me personally) the perfect opposite of it
Finally some good fucking ~~food~~ gifs! Excellent work
Thanks OP, have a good one!
Taste the same as well, most likely
In still kicking myself for that. Oh they can't reach 50k no one would buy them, oh they can't pass 100k who'd be crazy enough to buy them? Not this fucking idiot that's for sure
And MoP was like 6 or 7 years ago, it feels way less. Fuck
FUCKING BASTARDS STEALING DEATHBRINGER'S WILL
Specifically its WipeWildDinos
Omfg something something my cherry pooped
He didn't want anything to do with those two
I'm stupid. Literally used it yesterday goddamnit
I don't think it's specific to him, really. Assholes just love when someone dies so they can be edgy and funny(or so they tell themselves) like they are now
Tbh we need fully icy beards for them to counteract the lava beards
It was cold when he got out of the shower
It wasn't as bad in legion with the reps, but every single world quest giving only 75 is a joke
Motherfucker I didn't even think about this. On one hand, no more visible boots.. But on the other you get a zandalari DK. Dammit
He's a little confused, but he's got the spirit
You definitely can, I got a medium clue scroll a week or so back
[Reminded me of this] (https://thumbs.gfycat.com/WelloffAliveColt-size_restricted.gif)
That is insane, and the branches give off a shadowlands vibe!
He peacefully beat the shit out of a thousand demons and a pit lord
Didn't even see the shins until you mentioned em, they look awesome on the viewer
Dude I'm sure you'll be excellent! I used to be terrified of the dentist until I found a super friendly one, then it felt great because you go there and it's like meeting a good friend! I wish you luck in your endeavour!
Glad to hear that, I truly meant it!
Puppyrus
It's a teleport item from the end of the troll questline, teleports to the troll stronghold directly
Basically teleport items from the end of the troll questline, teleporting to the troll stronghold and another area near it directly
Congrats dude, that's an awesome first 99!
If you're having issues with him and want all the items, I recommend cheesing it with minecart rails and chlorophyte bullets. It makes the fight a breeze
Definitely not, it was 100% free and had a month or two period. Its still sad that people can't obtain it, still
That last sentance reminded me of a certain Med'an
&gt;maybe wash hands Please do
One of the best quests there is tbh
OH THEY FAWKIN
Oh no
That was a great legendary tbh it, it did feel great and powerful when you got it(plus the animations were super cool). And hell, that thing is still useful in time walking.
It would be a pile of gold. With a jetpack(and explosives) , that's how it would move
I'd probably still wear the frost witch set tbh
Have you seen male nightborne? They're like always angry middle aged men
[BREAK YOURSELF BREAK YOURSELF](https://youtu.be/elUVA0O93Oo)
That's just a vision of nzoth, it wasn't the real deal! Goddamnit his recruiting methods are working
&gt;antlers or horns Both
Just a matter of time tbh, I predict either shadow lands or the one after at the latest
Holy shit it looks like a fat-faced valkyr making a sad face
Happy cake day, please don't press J!
Seriously! God I have fallen in love with those, you pump some damage into em and they will rip through shit
Tbh that's textbook drunk Bulgarian behavior. A guy gets pissed, punches someone and then will get smacked around by his friends and then apologise and offer a beer(but he'll do it all again tomorrow)
Nothing sweeter than mowing down eels and jellies after you lost dinos to em
The truth hurts :(
If the French deal with white flag jokes 24/7 then we can handle a few memes as well damn it
Alethas Foodmourne
I've always liked [the oatmeal's take](https://theoatmeal.com/comics/gym) on it
Tell me about it. Industrial, 80s, barbarian(though at least it looks cool), and that one weird robot face one.. It's a curse
We shame these fucks here as well though
hey (: Euro truck simulator 2, thanks man!
And the porn everywhere
Hop on him and kill a bunch of blood trolls!
[No one should have to use xhamster](https://youtu.be/bKgf5PaBzyg?t=101)
I never thought about sorting by rising... Just wanted to say thank you, this changes everything
As long as it's on 3 seas it's good
Like that time they wanted to be included in the LGBTQ community
Same here, tried without it at 70 with a rune cbow and void and my prayer pots ran out at like wave 55 :(
Oh my god infinite running was sooo good
On one hand, garrisons On the other, classes feel good to play I'd honestly be tempted
[Like this](https://youtu.be/5IKhidWoROA)
At least it's at max level
Ah, the days of the battle points leveling... I miss the leveling gifts
If you didn't already see it, [here you go](https://amp.reddit.com/r/FlorkofCowsOfficial/comments/bw9w60/mage_mage_complete/)
Are we?!
Just another Sunday The Monday dread makes you do terrible things
For war mode they should just disable flyers then, that will fix people arguing about flying ruins pvp
Nice! Hopefully we finally get his story resolved in shadowlands
I get what you're saying and I agree but HOW ABOUT YOU BUY SOME MOTHERFUCKING SHAVING SUPPLIES? DOLLAR SHAVE CLUB IS HERE FOR YOU AND GET 2% OFF WITH CODE ITSNOTGOOD THAT'S I T S N O T G O O D BUY IT NOW AND GIVE EM MONEY SO I ~~CAN BUY ANOTHER APARTMENT~~ DON'T STARVE
As well it should, because it looks great
Directions for the shadow lands
On the topic of positivity I have to say that I was one of the skeptics about vulpera, but the questline they added them with was absolutely great and made me appreciate the furballs. Credit where it's due, good work blizz
🦀 $11🦀
That can't happen, see Atlas as the reasoning for it
Every Christmas they give out a free operator, random for everyone.
The first time people hop on the internet there needs to be a note in bold letters telling people about **Rule34 - if it exists, there's porn of it.** It's everywhere nowadays anyway
Haven't played in a while, but logged in on the 27th or 28th to get the free op and that was it hah. But I think it could have been until like the 4th or 6th or something
Now that would be interesting
And that's a bad thing?
TLDR: Ranting To me that felt good because we had an expansion and a half dealing with the demons. We were being forced out of the tomb of Sargeras in the start of legion and had two raids in preparation for Kil'Jaeden. And then we went to the desecrated argus, and used the power of the army of the goddamn light that were already fighting them for ages, ourselves, Illidan, Velen, AND the fucking titans to help defeat Sargeras and his titan puppet. And we STILL GOT THE FUCKING SWORD SHOVED INTO AZEROTH! THERE WAS CONSEQUENCES! For Ny'alotha and Nzoth the released old god who was supposed to be a big deal? We literally had like two and a half patches of barebones buildup and manufactured hype factor OOH HE'S EVIL AND UNLEASHED OOOH AAAAND HE'S GOING TO DIE AND IT'S LIKE NOTHING HAPPENED SHADOWLANDS WOO! Years of tiny tidbits of lore and hints about Ny'alotha and nzoth shattered just like that. I'm super sad
They got shafted for the star wars and Netflix stuff, so why not come in and destroy what story we still had left here
Jesus fuck *please*, anything if it means to stop fucking the old gods' lore up further.
I needed this after seeing the ending cinematic. I'll be watching this when I'm feeling down and need to cry-laugh
I've thought about this. Why don't they bring in the orders from chronicles for it? Make characters from all sides but don't kill them off. [From the picture](https://gamepedia.cursecdn.com/wowpedia/thumb/7/72/WoW_Chronicle_Magic.jpg/1200px-WoW_Chronicle_Magic.jpg) you can see the 6 "sides" they can expand upon. The titans, death with the Jailer, the naaru, the voidlords, the wild gods for life and nature, the burning legion for fel and disorder. They already put themselves in a corner for the burning legion and the old gods so we need new higher-in-command's. Expand upon the wild gods and give them more power(not as much as the titans obviously, but we need more "players" in the grand scheme), bring in death next expac and show the grand power of it, after that give us another taste of the void Lords and their anger of what we did to nzoth! Etc etc
Frost tanks were greatness
$12 WTF
Fossil Island IIRC, but theirs seems bad
Seeing that GC flair makes me sad, countless hours of dedication gone because of greed
I do hope you guys find a workaround for this, it's absolutely bullshit. But I believe in the community, this is too big to just be over like that
Holy fuck that's bonkers
Put Tek armor on it and it becomes the destroyer
Oh it's just a matter of time for sure. After all [contact lenses could be a thing in the future](https://clips.twitch.tv/ProtectiveFaithfulEndivePeanutButterJellyTime?tt_content=player_title&amp;tt_medium=clips_embed)
In season 2-3 it was not AS bad but it was still pretty bad. Back then there were just other, bigger, toxic communities like LoL and Dota in their prime.
I swear to fucking god the old raid and dungeon items have like a 40% chance to be TF.
I wish we had beards like that.
I liked Zelling, I wish they didn't kill him off :( He had so much potential of being a good forsaken character
Speaking of flairs, when did we get Nigma flair?! I'd have changed sooner
Definitely, he was one of my favorites and I can't believe it. On the other hand, I'm happy that he's made it this far and that he's quitting rather than playing when he's not enjoying it anymore.
Removed for pressing ceremonial reasons
God I *love* those things. Made them legendary and have won so many fights with ease afterwards, plus they're great in any event
I always go super tank builds because of that, tried mage once and promptly got my ass handed to me a few times.. I'm not built for it lol
Ah, the days before the hunger bar. And stackable foods
Works for me on mobile, try opening it in the browser instead of Google docs itself
Holding the bus door so it doesn't close, making sure the driver doesn't go without the person that's running late
Thanks, I forgot how it was called and it constantly happens!
Art and music definitely deserve the praise for delivering every time, even though gameplay doesn't.
And the boots from the blue scourgelord ICC set :(
Him and Rastakhan is who I'm gonna miss from BFA :(
God I loved those guitar riffs when you were fighting him
Thanks, and love the username
Thanks, and love the username
Hope you're having a better day than
They still do that? I thought they fixed that ages ago...
Otters keep you warm when you have them on you, and probably the higher the melee the higher heat.
It will never end, it's the "my team is the problem" for pro dota
[Here](https://youtu.be/kswPJ-fvbbU) Courtesy of /u/daniel5426
Amazing
I can hear his inner "ebalo si e mamata" voice
I hope you reach that day sooner rather than later, and hopefully under much better circumstances.
God Iove that dialogue so much
And all defenders shows :( I'm still angry about that
The whole community spontaneously combusts
We don't have a toy with the effect yet :(
It's reddit on all apps, tbh. It's just been going bonkers all day
I feel bad for the people that want to unlock the new races from BFA, the rep grinds are much worse than those of legion :/
I was going to suggest using the sword as a spaceship(the draenei can surely do it) to fly into the shadowlands but this works too
We're gonna need a bigger ER.. I mean to heal the giant turtle from the boat crash we needed like 50 druids, for this we're gonna need ALL the druids
It sure as hell unlocks something though ;)
I haven't traded in a long time, but the 2.66 for a key time was something else and I miss it. Getting a hat drop was so good, I remember getting the shoulder parrot and trading it with few weps for a key
Im crying laughing at this whole thread, I love it
That's bad, but what's worse is the amount of guys I see that exit without washing their hands.
Jesus fuck I'm gagging just imagining the smell..
Well they keep ordering alcohol from the gnome restaurant, after all
*JARATE!*
As much as it sucks losing him, I feel that at least he got a good send-off. He was devoid of all hope for the world and it's people after we found him, then he gave us a chance and ended up sacrificing himself to help us save the world in the end.
Jesus, I'm just here wondering how it sold for only 250k. On my server that thing goes for millions every time
I had a great conversation with a GM around the start of 7.3, so probably after the 700 people got cut
I swear to god the last 2-3 weeks have been hell and I have no idea how there's not threads about it
I've noticed it's happening around this time, or in about 6-7 hrs from now. There were 2-3 days where it was smooth sailing, but the rest there was major problems for at least twice a day
I did, that's why I turned to the forums for it. Every time an issue came up I went to check for any reports and there was spikes every time.
Dude I can't for the life of me find the blue crystals on valg to make a rad suit, so I have to do exactly that
When Azeroth didn't die the first time, Sargeras had to improvise
Oh god no
I imagine him at a party where someone has a champagne bottle but no bottle opener and he whips this thing out
*Son of a bitch*, thanks for this. I thought they were low, not high!
Jesus Christ I just went there to see what happened, the sticky is explanation enough. Absolute idiots
I was gonna say, this reminds me of the old white folks with the shirts "blacks for trump"
Yep! Phase blades - get some meteorite and gems(emerald for green, ruby for red, diamond for white, sapphire for blue, topaz for yellow) and make one!
That last one, can't wait for it
True, but I'm excited nonetheless
So you're saying NEW ALLIED RACE?
Isn't that always an option even afterwards? As in I can still buy the WoD digital deluxe for the dread raven since I bought the expac itself
I can never get past the combat and the graphics especially, I've tried a few times and it's just too much. Plus they don't have enough mounts for us mount collectors.
This is the second post in 5 minutes that OP ate something that looks like it could kill them. What the hell, people?
"I like you" - Thalyssra "WHAT COULD IT MEAN?!" - Lor'Themar, probably
That looks wicked!
I will preach it till I die, they should have taken hints from the throne of thunder boss for female trolls. [I mean look at her! ](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/b35nvi/wow_why_isnt_this_a_troll_model_update_option/)
I think worgen get make-up too, so that's potentially hints that everyone will get it. But they absolutely need to get hints from her model, people love it and it already exists so it's a no-brainer!
He's actually under the Yellowstone volcano
Dude same, I hope she heals well and has someone to support her through this.
City was fucking awesome tho, I'll give it that
You just need a billion gold!
He should have thought twice before feeding criminals
Especially for the wheel that takes ages to get
Because that's not realistic /s
Brick flooring is absolutely fantastic as well
Then you need some KNOWLEDGE
Like csgo deathmatch servers only playing dust 2!
Your name and comment combo is perfection
Thanks for the update, can't wait to sink my teeth into the new quest EDIT: Oh boy, good luck jmods
On one hand, NOOOO &amp;#x200B; On the other, server restarted right as he went into the dungeon :(
People are saying it'll probably be rolled back to just before the update released. If that's the case it's like 5 minutes
I did that a few days ago, I was doing a bit of telekinetic(5 solves), then about 3-4k alchemy, rinse and repeat a few times(I was done with the other two since they were pretty fast).
I tried to dodge it a few times, it was after I finished the quest that I read it's every 10 attacks that he does it.. Welp
Literally the most useful item, then
78 attack, 86 strength, 84hp, 77 defence, 71 prayer Barrows gear and a dragon defender, nothing special gearwise. The final fight I did with brews and always had piety on which helped a lot. It took three tries because I died twice on the second phase due to panicking(first time I left him on 23 hp, which hurt a bit). I killed the add with a blowpipe, always led him to the blood orbs since it's guaranteed damage, but didn't dodge any of his darkness attacks One tip I have is bring three or so sharks/anglers for the last phase so you don't struggle with brews Good luck!
I recommend getting a few anglers for the last phase and switch to praying melee
Crazy, I hope I get half as lucky lol
Holy crap that looks amazing!
I shit you not, I read your comment, about 20 mins later I got my first dragon warhammer drop. Bless your face you beautiful bastard
I might invest in a house a bit tbh, but straight to 83 would just kill me lol
I honestly forget to use my special attack so I don't really need a bgs lol, I'll probably get something to train strength tho
Goddamnit, I just bought a fury amulet today lol. But the ring definitely, time to retire the good ol ring of wealth
Mage gear is something I didn't even consider. I'm seriously lacking on it, still using mystic gear
Shit dude, sorry to hear that :/
After thinking about it I've decided to sell it for the gear and leveling opportunities. Next one I'll keep for sure tho, if there is a next one lol
Tell me about it. And then there's people with 200m xp on it. Insanity!
Nice, good to hear at least he got what was coming to him!
Shit I didn't even think about that one! I was saving up for the dagger!
Same here, it's like the monkey backpack!
New allied race: Showerhand orcs Active racial: Water cannon Passive: Always smell nice and clean
You'll just be a spy, it's fine!
That's actually a model from back in MoP! The throne of thunder trolls looked so gooood
No because then there's no competition
Wat
Nope
Nope, only the flail and sickle
I think that's what's happening in the next one. After the ending of this one, boy oh boy I can't wait
Good to know, thank you!
There's always hope for the next one, that's why they probably wrote it as weapons
Ahahaha thanks I'll have to do that!
Good lord the amount of pies I ate until I got 62 lol
I imagine you try hitting him with the flail, he just takes it and breaks it in half like a stick being like "What now, fucker?"
That quest separated the wheat from the chaff when it came out, so I'm 100% for it. Plus the red cape was awesome
Reminds me of the hex maniacs from pokemon
Are you saying you *don't* have popeye arms in real life? Shameful
Vulpera don't count
Pretty sure even if people have done it they can still help out. I've helped like 5 people get the one part for heroes quest, at least. Shouldn't be different for SOA
I mean if you've played the rs3 storyline... Kinda makes sense why he acts like it
Well shit
I needed a turtle, supplies always ran out for me :(
I'd be okay without a billion teleports if we had the rest option. Buuuut we know that's never happening
Grats, man!
Oh my god I completely forgot about the musicians! Those were great, truly. I miss that system a lot, instead of wearing a graceful set and using stamina pots I'd much rather have the resting system to run around with
Truly peaked at the old gods expansion. Every single one of them was useful in their own way, until they nerfed Yogg that is(I know they reverted it now, but it shouldn't have happened at all)
I'd like to think they're getting revenge like that
Diamond is like upper level gold in terms of unpredictability
It was Leonardo DiCaprio that painted it
That's on the money right here. A ton of people joined because of the streamers/youtubers they watch, also addressing the younger audience thing with that.
Twitter for sure, 100%. There's so much toxicity in those comments it's essentially like youtube.
Were you thinking of tf2 air?
Check the corpse, if it's something you need then let the postmaster deliver it.
Congrats!
Poor &gt;!rastakhan!&lt;
General Krexobi
More than likely, it makes you even smaller than noggenfoggers!
I actually really loved the pickpocketing! I created an undead rogue specifically for it, got him to 45 or so(as that was the minimum at the time to not get caught as much) and got really into the role a thief, silently jumping between ledges to yank boxes out of the mobs. Plus I had a podcast in the background that helped a lot lol ..Or maybe the insanity got to me
I just got tired of people being angry at me for needing an item. You'd be susprised how much it actually happened
I recommend staying for the concert that is up every 30 minutes, it's near the end of the faire by the docks! It's always a fun time
Which area did you go to? If you go the noticeboard and see which zones you have there, you can check on your map to see what level the zone is. Redridge mountains for example should be right up your alley
[Here it is](https://twitter.com/TheQuartering/status/1269855503259176962?s=19)
[Here](https://twitter.com/TheQuartering/status/1269855503259176962?s=19)
No problem!
We used up the Acherus funding on the horsemen, now we can't afford any horses
I cba to get torso again :( so I just rock dharoks chest and torags legs because it looks amazing
There must always be ~~a Lich King~~ an emergency character
The true Snyder cut
My man
If blizzard play their cards right(no pun intended), the one after shadowlands. We come back years later, during a time where there was peace due to the champions being away, and the cities and the world as a whole was changed. Bam, Gadgetzan is now a mafia town
I wasn't banned, but started on a US server for a bit(from EU) to play with friends. New character, no mounts, no achievements, titles, pets, pathfinders, etc. It was.. Rough, honestly. I eventually stopped and went back to EU because I missed all the things I had. I honestly wish we could have serverwide everything even if it meant buying the game twice and needing a different sub(I did both of those anyway)
I got both the blazing and handmaiden a few years back, I was so happy that it wouldn't take as long to do it now for the last one. ... Aaand I now can't be bothered to go through the rp before and after Hagara to get the other one.
HFC is the worst about it. You need them twice, once for the skip to the second floor, and then one to Mannoroth.
We desperately need another class for guns and bows. Give me tinkers blizzard!
An instrument?
Catch-a-riiiiide!
Oh boy now I've got the new 3hr video and this to watch, this is perfect
FF14 does a lot of things well for sure, my one big gripe with it is the store mounts(I'd even say transmog) being amazing while the achievable ones are lackluster. You can argue WoW does it too, but there's much less of it and we actually have awesome looking mounts that are obtainable without needing to tank 1000 dungeons.
Jesus Christ that can't be a real thing people are whining about
Dazar'Alor's music is one of the best tracks in-game tbh.
You're a mango!
Maximum Derek!
Most likely mythic raid one
Tauren demon hunters confirmed
Nice! Now you just need the mount!
On the page itself, scroll near the bottom it's right above the wallpapers
Ah yes, even more shmucks telling you to SIT that will get bones because you're there with 3 items for a clue scroll. RiSk ReWaRd where the only thing risked is your time
First day of release I was cutting the tree because I was helping others with the valve puzzles, and someone asked if it was good wc xp(this was before people actually did it). I told them no it's worse than other methods, and seeing this makes me think I jinxed it :(
Blowpipe?! Have I been doing it wrong with my measly ddp? :(
That makes sense, screw them chickens
Oh I know that, I just didn't know people bring them into wildy lol.
It's like the ol dragonclaw hook. People sold it for super cheap back in 2012 and now look what it's at
Next year's arcana
Mirana looks like she has sushi on her head
Man fuck those guards. When I started in OSRS I forgot about them completely and they kicked my low level ass.
Demonic gorillas, infinite teleport to gnome stronghold, all NPCs and mobs are passive on ape atoll without a greegree(unless underground), and a glider directly to ape atoll
Strykewyrms were the shit! I never got to the ice ones, but the jungle and desert ones were so good! I miss em
Portable fairy ring teleport, rather
Happy cock day
By any chance have you got them blocked? That's what I did, just recently unblocked them and had it a few tasks later
Wait. People *don't* think dark is better than milk chocolate? I mean it depends on % but still
Well shit
Jesus fuck man, congrats! Here's hoping you get a few more soon!
Even Volvo came in at the end and asked for Frostivus, it was amazing
Would you fuck me? I'd fuck me
Amen to that, even in FF14 the chat was filled with REEE about how the starting zones(think the old world before cata's flying) was getting flying.
&gt;Housing is a crazy good goldsink *Runescape construction PTSD*
And apparently they banshee scream. A lot
Join the good fight /r/onionhate
You are a dead one
Fuck, that's the three wishes gone
Oh my god I forgot that was a thing! Constantly spamming it during downtime was fun
Slap on a few strings on the sides to hold it in place! (I jest, but goblins would 200% rock that look)
Stop, I can only get so erect!
Christ, good work! I bailed after bones to peaches
Man blessing graves was so cool. Seeing the grave almost crumble and bam you bump it to an hour!
*Revenant reaper leviathan roar*
Good god, that's nasty. It makes sense, but still doesn't make it any less nasty
We did it reddit, we caught the bomber!
Pretty sure he can pay 100k to get his stuff back
Honestly, it's the default green eyes. With gold eyes they look suuuper good! For me that was the case, anyways
And it's always a rogue!
Faction divide takes a backseat when we talk about upright models. For proper posture we fight together
I'd have agreed a few years ago, but since we got upright orcs, soon-to-be blue eyed elves on both sides, and fully-fleshed undead, what would stop this being an *option*? It would get more people to play the races that's for sure, and sure enough that's what most people whine about - horde being mainly blood elves
[Shaved pandas would be horrifying ](https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-aa8ae7b2dac306b60d491de5302a0954)
Ghosts are looking out for your health
Definitely reminds me of Ragnarok
Amazing artstyle!
No, we're the good guys! ... Right?
Excellent work, the colors look very soft and smooth! If only they looked half as good as this in-game
I'll never forget an LFR G'Thuun run when me(a DK) and a rogue were the only ones doing orb runs. I joined at 6 stacks, and until then no one had gone with him for the runs so they kept wiping. We carried them to victory and that was one of the best LFR moments I've had!
It was mostly the usual, a few lines of blah blah gays in my game, reeepresentation bad, but then there was some dude that wrote a fucking speech on why people would want to be represented at all and that it didn't matter.
Carve it out and make the most awesome spaceship, of course!
Jests aside, the most likely theory is Azeroth wakes up and removes it herself(and use it, because what would be more badass than cleanse and use the weapon that was supposed to kill you?).
I can confirm that it's a thing people believe, I have the same problem
Hooly, that's so good! I love the artstyle
It doesn't change or add the new ones if you have it(but you can still get the new one, of course). That's how it also works for the explorer one!
Congrats! Now you too can wear the dong tabard!
Strahotno!
Recolours for shop mounts? I'm fine with this.
Oh I agree completely, I've always hated it. But as it won't happen at least getting recolours for free is good
I agree. In a perfect world they'd still use the old models(not the osrs ones, but the ones after) because they still look great
Excellent taste
From experience, most times it won't work.
Man those are always such a pleasure to watch
It does, it doesn't have a few addons there but it's still amazing
Unrelated, but your name is great
Honestly since I haven't played in a while I don't remember exactly which ones they were.. But I definitely recall having to manually update a few more obscure ones(maybe for archaeology or achievement ones?). Still, a few addons is nothing when you compare how many it supports as is.
They also got some cool hair options
Never thought about that, sounds fucking awesome
They should add an option to get your stuff from a place where the peek hole is
True that. But also happy cake day!
Hold on I got this! -No man she CLEARLY said for attention you just don't get it -Women don't get harassed dude it's all lies -They're doing it to ruin careers bro don't listen Any other excuse I missed?
Well in shadowlands there's a recolor of the fox shop mount, so maybe there will be one of this as well
God damn Sylvanas and her kink dungeons. First it was Koltira, now it's Anduin
Sorry to hear that, I find it's always the first timers or the people that rarely go there that do the shaming. The buff gym rat dudes always try to be helpful and supportive. I do hope you don't give up going, it's absolutely worth it! Plus once you get into better shape you can help others struggling so it's a win-win!
They're keeping you hydrated
I mean, it makes sense doesn't it? Hateful people reside in hateful places, and usually look for more of the same
I read the dumbest fucking comment today on a post about one of the cases. One person said the things done being horrible, and a reply was an analogy of "I did x and it was horrible but it was a learning experience so everything should be tried at least once"
Oh it was still a shock, alright
It's fucking hilarious. The mods confirmed brigading was happening and these shmucks are trying to brush it off.
I can definitely imagine a horde vs alliance football gamemode, sorta like bloodbowl
Probably the whiskey
Pretty sure the only thing bad is the story
He used to be super active on reddit, as well. It was always fun to see him pop up on the front page or in a comment section! RIP Verne
Wotlk holds up, much MUCH better than TBC
They need to make them on top of and clip into the hats. It's already a thing with elf eyebrows, tauren/worgen helms, etc
It's the cat druids usually. Usually they do if when I help them
Player vs pooter?
They became battle pets
Excellent choice! It's basically oue expansion, and in shadowlands we're going to be right at home
Hell yeah, party on Acherus! Speaking of Acherus, not sure if you've been to the legion areas, it's actually our cool hub still and better than ever! There's actually people there at times!
Hell yeah! I hope you also got the mounts as well. They're preeetty good
Didn't half of ashenvale get burned to a crisp by that one fire elemental?
Reminds me of [this meme](https://i.imgflip.com/3cpqdr.png) "We'll use the void" "But void will make it go boom"
True that, for all those. Plus since the expeditions to the new lands, we wouldn't really need ashenvale's resources and it would help relations since we're in a peace treaty anyway. Then again, WoW hasn't really been amazing in the world of political affairs..
They have different stock each day. One can be a rep token for like 500 unshackled rep
As it turns out, you need a quest to unlock him. [Here it is, it's at 48 45 in nazjatar and you need to escort him to the city. ](https://www.wowhead.com/npc=152084/mrrl#comments)
Thanks for the chance my dude, really appreciate it! Might finally give my old athlon a well deserved rest
Episode 100 this thursday! Also happy cake day!
Let's be honest, it will. It's a matter of time, be it a week, month, year, so we can enjoy it while it lasts!
Do you not have an achievement for it? That's one thing that you'll never lose and it won't lose status
First thing I noticed, looks like a model S so that's a good 70k at the very least
Firelands was the top raid of the expac, like BRF in WoD
