As this is basically a family property matter, you are going to have to go to court. The court process is slow and grinding. If your family can't properly take care of the bird, it may not survive that long unfortunately. If the bird does survive that long, you would probably not have much success in court. Your family has proven they can take care of the pet, while you are in a shelter dealing with mental issues. It's a tough sell to the judge. Lawyers also cost a lot of money. $250/hour and up. It would cost you thousands in legal fees. I'm guessing you don't have thousands, otherwise you would be in a hotel, not a shelter. It sounds like your bird may be an important part of your emotional/mental health. You should discuss it with your doctor/psychiatrist. If you want to speak with a lawyer, look for a legal aid clinic in your area, or go down to the court house and speak with duty council.
Exactly. Anything that noticeably alters/impairs your perception and reaction time will negatively affect your ability to control heavy machinery. I have prescription medications that come with a warning to not drive my car while on meds. People need to think about these things *before* they find themselves behind the wheel.
I have no love for the current PC government, but the concept that our provincial tax dollars should subsidize out of country health care is absurd. Our health care system is a financial train wreck as is. We don't need to be wasting time, money, resources on programs like this. That's what private health care insurance is for.
He's using old media as a coaster for his drink.
Really? https://ec.europa.eu/transport/road_safety/specialist/knowledge/pedestrians/crash_characteristics_where_and_how_en Children under 10yo represent the highest percentage of pedestrian fatalities in Europe.
Spoken like someone who doesn't have kids and doesn't understand how a child's brain works.
https://ec.europa.eu/transport/road_safety/specialist/knowledge/pedestrians/crash_characteristics_where_and_how_en Children under 10yo represent the highest percentage of pedestrian fatalities in Europe.
Really? https://ec.europa.eu/transport/road_safety/specialist/knowledge/pedestrians/crash_characteristics_where_and_how_en Children under 10yo represent the highest percentage of pedestrian fatalities in Europe.
To try to protect children, who act impulsively and do stupid things like run into traffic without thinking. https://ec.europa.eu/transport/road_safety/specialist/knowledge/pedestrians/crash_characteristics_where_and_how_en Children under 10yo represent the highest percentage of pedestrian fatalities in Europe.
Really? https://ec.europa.eu/transport/road_safety/specialist/knowledge/pedestrians/crash_characteristics_where_and_how_en Children under 10yo represent the highest percentage of pedestrian fatalities in Europe.
Decomposes and DNA goes into the wild? Seriously? We are literally surrounded by DNA sequences that can kill us in the forms of viruses, bacteria, and fungi. Those things die all the time, their DNA in the wild. Yet you're concerned about a genetically modified carrot going rogue?
This is one of the best YouTbe videos of all time. It never gets old.
No matter how much you despise your ex, don't trash talk them in front of your children. Just tell your kid you ran out of shower supplies. Want to vent about your ex? Do it with friends at a bar.
It depends on the games and how your are setting it all up. Loading a bunch of older ROMs and playing with gamepads on your big screen TV? RPi3 is fine. Want better performance on some titles? Maybe the RPi4. Building a cabinet and want the best performance? Time to invest in a proper PC.
*Access Granted* to public areas? Really?
We all need time to grieve. That crushing, rock bottom feeling will come and go in waves. One day, you can feel like your life is on track again. The next day, you can barely get out of bed. Separated three years here. Settled child access/custody issues over a year ago. Divorced spring 2019. Some days, I feel great. Yesterday I stood alone in my kitchen, making a sandwich, almost on the verge of tears because of the crushing loneliness. Don't beat yourself up for feeling terrible.
Improper disposal is the problem. Landfills aren't a great option when we have incinerator technology.
Why didn't he remove himself from the lease when he left?
Why would you do all that work, but not deal with the zip tie problem?
*No executive bonuses.* Good. Too often when people are looking at their month end or quarter end target and see they may miss their bonus, they employ questionable tactics to make up that gap. They put pressure on sales, finance, customers, just so they can get that paycheque bump.
What term length is the lease? How long have they been there?
Yes. With term limits, politicians stop focusing on re-election strategy.
That doesn't sound right. You should speak with a paralegal or a company that fights traffic tickets.
If you have money, the SKR mini e3 is a relatively easy main board upgrade. If you want to punch some pennies, get a cheap Arduino and re-flash your firmware. The problem could be corrupted firmware, not necessarily a hardware problem. You can get a cheap Arduino clone off eBay for $5. The SKR mini e3 is $30 USD.
What province are you in? I'm in Ontario and I went through a similar experience. I may be able to provide some insight.
&gt; I've tried to be the good guy in this process Stop right there. No, you haven't. &gt; reading messages on my soon to be ex wife's phone between her and her boyfriend. How is that even *remotely* "trying to be the good guy"? &gt; Im done playing nice Which is a mistake. If you start playing her game, you will lose so much more. &gt; So while I'm battling these lies in one court she looks like a hero in the other and I'm freaking out. You need to take a step back, take a breath, and start *thinking* about your actions instead of acting impulsively. &gt; Am I able to charge her back? No. Citizens don't press charges. The police do when there is a crime reported to them. You walk into a police station and file a report. And it will accomplish little and potentially harm your family law matter significantly. &gt; I am worried about going through our broken court system. And you should be. It's an absolutely mess. However, there are strategies you can use to make the absolute best of a bad situation. If you act with hostility and aggression, you will *only* make things worse. You can't change the system. You can use strategies to put yourself in the best possible position. &gt; Strictly because I know I cant afford the thousands of dollars it will cost to go to trial, and the bar for assault is so very low. The bar for criminal conviction is actually quite high. The question is *how much did you admit to police about what happened*? What did you tell the police when you were arrested. That will play *significantly* into the potential end result in the criminal matter. &gt; I'm worried that nobody will take me seriously and I'm going to lose my kids. If you continue to act in a hostile manner towards your ex, you *will* lose. You need to hit pause, step back, and develop a game plan. What city are you in?
What was in the separation agreement? If he agreed to spousal support so long after separation, he made a *huge* mistake. If he did agree to it, conditional on having access to the children, he needs to pay the spousal support and then take his ex to court for violating their access agreement.
If they have no children and no shared assets, the *easiest* route is move out, and rebuild her life. After a year of separation, she can go to court and start the paperwork process. The separation date is the date that the two of them stopped living as husband and wife. They could still be living in the same house or apartment but be separated. Is either party going to ask for spousal support? That can make things messy. Once she files all the paperwork and serves him, if he responds then it's possible they will need to appear before a judge. More messiness. She should start by going to the nearest Superior Court of Justice and speaking with the people there about the process.
What is your relation to the parties?
Their home, their network, their rules. They can do anything they want. Don't like it? You would need to either circumvent their system with a VPN, or move out.
&gt; What legal rights do I have as to my son? I've researched it a bit and I know that we both have half custody of him. Yes, but until you have a court order, she can do whatever she wants. You need to get into court ASAP. &gt; Secondly, what grounds does she have to try and get me to leave the apartment we are leasing? We are both on the lease, for 1 year. She is insisting she will "call the cops" when she returns from her aunts house in the next few days if I am not gone. Zero. If you are married, the apartment is the *matrimonial home*. You both have the right to be in that apartment. Just be aware that it is a common tactic to claim "abuse" and have you arrested, which leads to an undertaking to stay away from her. You need to *get a lawyer and get into court asap!* She can't throw you out onto the street. You *can* mitigate the risk of a false arrest by going to the police first. If she made those threats in text message, file a police report. That will provide you some protection. You need to get down to the local court house and speak with duty council and someone in the Family Law office.
It means that one of you files for divorce, and the other party doesn't do anything. The non-response, non-challenge tells the court that the other party has no issues with the divorce, and essentially rubber stamps it.
If there is no access/custody agreement or court order in place, you need to make it happen *now*. Go down to your local court house and speak with someone on staff on getting the process started. There should be a duty counsel lawyer there who can offer some basic guidance. When writing an affidavit or speaking to a judge, do *not* embellish or exaggerate. Plain, straight forward facts. As soon as you start exaggerating your story, judges just suspicious of your motives and what the actual facts are. It can slow down the entire process. A cheap, general practitioner lawyer may be helpful for basic court processes, but won't have the knowledge or insight required specifically for family court. Always ask for examples of recent wins in family court. Court orders are a matter of public record. If a lawyer tells you they just won a big family law case, but they can't go into detail because of confidentiality, they are full of shit. Ask for the case # / docket # / file #. Again, it's a public record document. You can go to the court and request a copy to verify their "big win". As a woman you automatically have the advantage as the system/judges are typically biased in the mother's favour. If you behave reasonably and rationally, you will have no problem in court. Good luck.
You sending out a search party to find my 10mm socket?
In Ontario? Trying to get into the trades is a pipe dream. The unions have lobbied the government to impose ridiculous apprentice to journeyman ratios. Non-union tradesmen are squeezed out of big opportunities by union shops. Unless you start in the trades *really* early in life, or have an inside connection, it's almost impossible to get into the industry. I have a cousin who can't get enough apprenticeship hours as an electrician. The constant shortage of trades people is by design. High demand, low supply = ability to charge more to customers.
It sounds like you need to rebuild your life, which can be really hard when you don't have money. Need an education? Need money. Need a better job to make money? Need an education. It's a vicious circle. Is there a possibility of getting a student loan to fund some college courses? While job hunting, the best way to deal with the monkey on your back is to be *upfront and honest* as soon as you meet a prospective employer. Let them know that you made mistakes in the past. You have a criminal record. You are trying to rebuild your life. Business owners/managers want to be able to trust new employees. Being upfront about it can go a long way. Look for jobs in small, independent mom &amp; pop shops. They are more likely to give you an opportunity compared to a chain company, online application, regional manager reviewing job applications. Good luck.
I have a cheap Ryobi cordless impact driver. I use it typically twice a year for wheel lugnuts, just to quickly remove them and put them back on. Of course it can't torque them, so I have a proper torque wrench.
Fast?
NOTE: I am NOT a lawyer. I did go through the process recently. Nothing here should be taken as legal advice. Always consult with a lawyer whenever possible. You need a court order *now* to have access to your child. You need to complete a Form 8 application at the Ontario Court of Justice (along with all the other regular paperwork that is required to accompany it). Serve it on the mother. Then you need to immediately bring a procedural motion (form 14B I believe) requesting an *urgent* motion be heard for the purposes of a getting access to your child. At the same time, you need to complete the actual motion paperwork (form 14) plus affidavit (14A). All of this needs to be served on the mother as well. You need to *walk in* the 14b motion. Essentially, you are walking into the court house and need a judge to make an order immediately. The 14b motion is asking the judge to allow you to bring the actual 14 motion urgently. You should be able to get a motion hearing within two weeks. Everything moves very quickly, and judges hate it when you waste time. The motion hearing will be very short. If you do everything properly, the judge should issue a temporary order without prejudice giving you somewhat a regular access schedule. If you hire a lawyer, this short process alone will probably cost you $5000+. With that in place, everything *sloooooows* down to a snail's pace. The order is *only* temporary. You now have the long road of case conferences, settlement conferences, additional motions, trial conferences, etc, etc. The process can *easily* take up to a year if one party digs in their heels. Should you record your calls? NO! Because you *shouldn't* be having verbal exchanges with the mother. Verbal conversations don't allow you to cool off before replying. You can say something off the cuff and stupid, and if she is recording it, that could be bad. Email and text message communication *only*. Everything in writing. Everything very business like and cordial. You *never* want to give anybody ammunition to use against you in court. Good luck.
Additionally, you need to start educating yourself on family law in Ontario. Google "Ontario family law rules". Google "Ontario family law court forms". Those two are the big ones. The family law rules will reference other laws that you can read up on. Google "canlii". This is a court order repository you can use as research material. Numerous law firms have blogs specific to family law and will give basic guidance on case precedent and interpretation. You also need to start paying *child support*. Google "my support calculator". Use the free tool. When it asks who the child lives with, *shared* only applies if you have the child 40-60% of the time. At this point, newborn child, expect a court order to give less than 40%, so the child will be living with *spouse* on the support calculator. Never, EVER argue, debate, hesitate when it comes to paying child support. Never EVER try to use child support payments as leverage in negotiations. The quickest way to incur the wraith of a judge is to not pay child support. You want the judge to trust you. You want the judge to believe that you are a humble, honest person who only has the best interests of the child in mind.
He didn't die. How did he know to transport the children to the theatre, where Angela would take cover from the squid hail? He would need to be alive at that time to know what will happen. Also...take a look at the name of the theatre when they leave it. Most of the letters of DREAMLAND were damaged, leaving only DR M illuminated.
How much money are you looking to get from this person? If you're going after the original payment amount plus vet bills, all in under $1000, it's unlikely the person is going to declare bankruptcy. Bankruptcy is a complicated legal procedure. It's not an easy card to play just to avoid paying a few bills.
I see a lot of people do the cable chains. It's really an aesthetic thing. The only change I've ever done to my cable management is a Z-axis bar cable support. Added it about a year ago. Never had a problem with cables snagging or getting in the way. https://imgur.com/gallery/BGjoR23 I like this cable support because it gets the wires off the Bowden tube.
In small claims court, it's easy to self represent *if* you put in the required effort. You have to go in as a sane, rational, calm person. Straight forward reasonable arguments. Paint a clear picture of what happened, why things happened the way they did, why you want the other party to pay the amount you're asking for. You need to anticipate the other person's counter-arguments. Practice your arguments with a good friend who likes to play the devil's advocate. It takes time and energy though. You can also research case law on Canlii (google it). Canlii is a repository of court orders. It is *not* a definitive collection, I.e. it doesn't have every court order ever. It is missing a lot of rulings. However, it is a good basic resource. A lot of law firms have blogs about basic case law in certain types of cases. You will need to Google a lot and print lots of notes. You also need to play fair within the rules of civil proceedings. Those rules are easily accessible online with a simple Google search. The government also publishes guides to the Small Claims process online. It is a process that involves *a lot* of paperwork and rules. You may need to appear in court more than once. It takes time as well. This isn't Judge Judy. Read the Small Claims court guides online in full. A lot of people seriously underestimate how much time and effort they have to put into legal proceedings. At a minimum, it's like having a part-time job on the side for a few months. Is it all worth $1000? That's up to you. For that little money, it doesn't make sense to hire a lawyer. If you are having difficulty with paperwork and procedure, you could look into paying a paralegal for a couple hours of consulting. I am *not* a lawyer. Nothing here should be considered legal advice. Always consult with a lawyer whenever possible. Good luck.
Make sure you know and understand all the legal rules around serving documents in your jurisdiction. Those rules should clearly indicate multiple options for serving of documents. If you cannot effectively serve the documents under those rules, then typically you have to get a court order allowing you to step outside those rules and serve the docs in a non-standard way. Call around to process servers in that city. They should be able to give you a general idea of how much it would cost to find her and serve her based on whatever info you actually have. Those kinds of services usually cost at a *minimum* a couple hundred bucks, but it goes up from there depending on how much work they have to do. Where I live, anybody other than myself can serve the other party with certain documents. I drove over to where I knew a certain person worked, and had my friend serve them there. The court *should* have her address. Is the child in school? Do you know what school? It's easy to locate the home address if you know the school.
How is it illegal?
Check your filament spool to ensure the filament isn't binding on the spool. Yes! It happens! If the end of your filament loops under itself when you change rolls, it will bind against itself. I've had it happen accidentally on many rolls.
Then they bought the wrong projector. A short throw projector can be placed much closer to the screen.
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2761965
It sounds like you need a pre-nup agreement. You need to find a good lawyer who knows how to ensure your interests are protected.
And it is so goddamn delicious!
Thankfully, I didn't have to wait long. My ex accidentally got pregnant with her boyfriend a year and a half into our bitter separation/access/custody battle. It made me so happy. She tanked her life.
Save document as RTF. Open RTF in a basic text editor like notepad++. Search for "password". Replace the long random character string with "nopassword". Save the document. Open the RTF doc again in word. Remove protection.
You can't have it both ways. Want money from the biological father, but don't want him to have any rights as a father? That's not how life works. If he is the biological father, his name should be on the birth certificate. Full stop. No if's, and's, or but's. The fact that he's a terrible dad and father doesn't change the fact that he was part of the biological process. Get him the information that will allow him to put his name on the birth certificate, and then deal with the other issues in court.
People trust those who support their suspicions. Before the internet, that was hard.
You have to look at what elements of the build are protected by copyright and trademark. Building a big wood arcade box is fine. Installing joysticks, buttons, computer, that's all fine. Artwork? You have to be careful there. You can't slap on legally protected artwork. You have to design your own, or find artwork that grants a commercial license. Software? Some of the emulation software that gets installed with Retropie has distribution restrictions,prohibiting distribution in a commercial product. That means that preloading it and then selling your cabinet violates those terms. Different software packages have different license terms. ROMs? The majority of ROMs are legally protected. It's the reason many ROM sites are being shut down. Distributing ROMs you don't have rights to is just like pirating movies.
Is it a registered business, with a business number? Who is the business registered to? Sole proprietorship? Incorporated? Who's name is on the business registration paperwork? She needs to protect her immediate interests. If she needs her laptop and phone to run her business, she needs to secure them somewhere he can't access them. And then she needs a court order asap protecting her long term. Get a lawyer *now* and get into court *today* with an emergency motion.
No. Imagine someone opens up a competing business across the road. In the window, they place a large sign "Now hiring! $100k signing bonus!" Could your employer sue that new business because a bunch of employees packed up and went across the road to work? Nope! Imagine everyone in the office being part of a lottery pool, and they hit it big. Everyone resigns. Can the company sure the lottery corporation because everyone left? Nope! You're fine.
No. Under Ontario law, separate means the day you two stop living together as husband and wife. You can still live in the same home, but sleep in different bedrooms.
https://youtu.be/YT0S71Sk88Q
Kyle Ren is a punk bitch.
Be aware that upper management and Human Resources are usually interested in one thing - protecting the company from liability. If there is no liability issue, nothing gets done. So for anything to actually happen, there has to be a sense that things will escalate, either through legal channels, government agencies, or the media. It sucks that companies play these games, but it's the reality we live in. Draft a complaint letter. Clearly state the problem, outlines what laws are being broken, what rights are being violated, provide a timeline for corrective action to take place, and next steps if corrective action doesn't take place. Be aware that sometimes companies take care of the "problem" by getting rid of the complainer - you. They look at the liability from all angles, and choose the one that costs the least. Terminating low level employees with a basic dismissal package is a lot cheaper than getting rid of a long term upper manager. Until HR realizes that manager is a huge ongoing liability issue.
It's unfortunate that his writing chops seemed to burn out so quickly after a decade of success. *Home Alone* was his last major success.
Review all your court orders and police undertakings/restraining orders. First step is having a clear understanding of what your communication options are. Talk to the police and a lawyer. Once you know how, what, why, when restrictions for communication, you want to find an organization that specializes in *reunification therapy*. These organizations help people in your kind of situation reconnect with your child. In regards to child support, pay what you can, and communicate with your ex (if possible) that you clearly understand your financial obligations, your remorse for falling behind in payments, and a commitment to fulfilling those obligations. This communication should *only* be about the child support. Don't try to bring up other things like reconnecting with your child. Focus strictly on fixing the problem of the past due support payments. Eventually, you will find yourself in front of a judge. It is a very safe bet that the mother isn't going to agree to any kind of access based on your history. That is completely understandable. You need to come up with a plan that will minimize conflict between you two. You'll have to go back to court to get an order for some kind of access. You need to be able to show the judge that you've been proactive in fixing yourself and making amends *long before* you came to court. You need to find a good *father friendly* family law lawyer. He/she needs to know how to effectively represent *fathers* in family court. I am not a lawyer. Good luck!
Small claims court. https://www.attorneygeneral.jus.gov.on.ca/english/courts/scc/ The government website has guides to walk you through it all. It's not an easy, straight-forward process. There is a lot of paperwork. It will take lots of time. It will feel like you have a part-time job on the side. Consider hiring a paralegal to assist you with some of this.
Not true at all. All Ontario has to do is request Ottawa exempt Ontario from the applicable constitutional clause, and then it's done. No need to involve any other province since it doesn't affect them. The problem is that Doug Ford is a punk bitch.
I lived in and worked in downtown Toronto for a decade, and I have no idea what you are talking about.
http://www.hendersonleelaw.com/there-is-no-absolute-right-to-silence-in-canada/ &gt; In Canada, you are not entitled to have lawyer present when questioned by the police. You are entitled to consult with a lawyer if the police have detained or arrested you. This opportunity to speak to a lawyer must precede any interrogation. Note that, with limited exceptions, once an interrogation begins you will not be able to re-consult counsel and while you are not required to answer any questions, the police are permitted to ask you as many questions as they like for as long as they like, provided the interrogation does not become oppressive. Therefore, make sure to exercise your right to speak to a lawyer and make sure that the lawyer answers any and all questions you may have before the police begin to question you. Remember the subsequent interrogation may be long and the advice you get in advance will typically be the only advice you will receive. The police will use every trick in the book to get you into interrogation, after they trick you into skipping over your opportunity to speak with a lawyer. &gt; Do not engage with the police. Do not lie. Be honest when identifying yourself; do not give a false name. But otherwise, do not answer their questions no matter how trivial the questions are. Simply repeat, “I do not want to give a statement.” Do not physically engage or resist the police unless doing so in self-defence, as you may be charged with assaulting a peace officer. However, passive resistance, such as turning to face away from an interrogator can be effective. You are not required to look at them, you are not required to acknowledge them, and you are not required to answer their questions. The police are not entitled to physically force you to provide a statement or even to look them in the eye. Over and over again. *I do not want to give a statement.*
I upgraded to the SKR mini E3 v1.2 last night. Printing right now. It's insane the noise difference. No more stepper motor noise! Now all I have to do is improve the fan noise situation.
It's very possible. If you know your centre has a dip, put a layer, or two, or more of aluminum foil under that low section to raise it up.
Relatively minor? Texting &amp; driving is more dangerous than drinking and driving. I dare you to say *drinking &amp; driving* is a relatively minor infraction. Go ahead.
Would you have the same opinion of the kid was caught *drinking &amp; driving*?
&gt; He/said she said doesn't fly in court Actually, it's much *worse*. First motion, I (dad) provide a mountain of evidence that clearly shows we were essentially equal parents in terms of caregiver time and responsibilities. The evidence proved that I actually took care of the kids *more* than she did for the three years prior. Judge refers to mom as primary caregiver. Excuse me? Your honour, why do you keep referring to her as the primary care giver? Judge says because mom was responsible for the kids for more time. Excuse me? Hello, mountain of evidence? Judge shrugs, moves on. Mom brings motion to change kids' school. Zero evidence. Claims I wasn't involved, and son is subjected to regular bullying. Again, no evidence. I show evidence that I was in fact very involved with their schooling, and that there were no bullying issues. Clinical psychologist interviews kids. Both say they want to stay at their current school. Judge's ruling? Drumroll please! Because mom is primary caregiver (wrong!), bullying issues (zero evidence other than mom's testimony), and kids unhappy at their current school (contrary to actual report), judge's orders the kids' school be changed. He said, she said? Nah. A lot of judges just take mom's word as gospel.
If you're the mother, custody battles are easy. If you're the father, custody battles are hell on earth. Judges will give mothers every chance in the book to "fix" mistakes they made. Judges will overlook bad decisions mothers make. Judges will automatically assume mothers *always* have the best intentions of the children in mind and heart. Judges look at every father as a paycheque and serial abuser. Judges look at fathers as non-caring sperm donors. Judges question the motivation of ever action a father makes. Judges don't trust fathers. I was arguing my position in court during a motion hearing, and very firmly stated that the actions of their mother clearly shows that she does *not* care about the best interests of our children. The judge replied "Oh, I don't think that's true.". My reply "Your honour, a few months ago, you had to issue an order for their mother to take our children to their little league baseball games. Their mother felt that keeping them at home watching TV and playing video games was better for our kids than getting them to their extracurricular baseball games." The judge begrudgingly accepted my arguments.
What province are you in? Your "no contact" order should have an exception for family court ordered communication in regards to access and custody of the children. I went false allegations, criminal trial, access and custody battle as well. FROR most likely isn't going to work. You need to increase your regular access time first.
What province are you in?
DaddyKoolAid knows his shit!
YTA, but only mildly. Kicking Joy from your bridal party so quickly wasn't ideal. The alternative was to request Joy supply a list of dresses she would feel comfortable in, and go from there. If all of Joy's choices were hideous monstrosities, then you can sit down with her and have a discussion about her roll in the wedding party. Alternatively, use a third party like your mother to have a talk with Joy, so as to not make you the enemy.
Yup. That monitor looks like it's a cheap TN panel, which means it will look like crap in that orientation.
I wish you luck, but don't count your chickens before they hatch. Courts/judges are notorious for having a bias in favour of the mother. If you are in Superior Court you have a much better chance compared to the Ontario Court of (In)Justice. If your case is really strong, don't be surprised if you receive a very generous offer to settle at the 11th hour. I was five days away from final trial against my ex, and she suddenly dropped a settlement offer into my lap giving me almost everything I wanted. Her lawyer must have severely browbeat her into submission.
People totally underestimate how frickin' depressing it is when something becomes stagnant. Repetition drives people crazy. Having your birthday on a weekday every single year while some people around you have it on a weekend would be maddening.
Disclaimer: I am *not* a lawyer. Nothing I say is legal advice. *Always* consult a lawyer whenever possible. Stop playing games with him (biological father). You know he is a pain in the ass, and won't agree to anything. Go to family court in your current jurisdiction. Bring a motion to relocate the child to BC. Make BioDad come to court to actually fight against the motion. Based on what you are saying, I would bet money on him not showing up. Get your court order that makes it okay to relocate with the child, and live happily ever after. If by chance BioDad does show up to argue against the motion, you should have a mountain of evidence to show how delinquent he is on child support and his lack of involvement in the child's life. The judge most likely won't let a deadbeat father be a boat anchor holding the mom down.
Employers can terminate your employment at any time if they give you enough notice or pay in lieu of notice. They don't have to give a reason. If you are a good employee, *and* the business is constantly understaffed, it makes no sense for you to be fired after three sick days in five months.
You were given misinformation. They can let you go for no reason at all, as long as they pay you proper termination pay. Smart employers often don't give any reason for terminating employment. It protects them from a possible wrongful dismissal lawsuit.
The legal age to work in Ontario in a coffee shop is 14yo. https://www.labour.gov.on.ca/english/hs/faqs/workplace.php There is no law against working alone in a coffee shop, however the Occupational Health and Safety Act section 25(2)(h) states: &gt; *Without limiting the strict duty imposed by subsection (1), an employer shall, take every precaution reasonable in the circumstances for the protection of a worker;* https://www.ontario.ca/laws/statute/90o01#BK47 You state... *she’s left completely alone in the establishment often, to the point it’s unsafe.* In what way is her safety at risk?
You need to speak with an employment lawyer to understand your rights as the employer, the employee's rights, and potential liability. Does your company have a law firm on retainer?
That's a private discussion that can be had at home. Proper budgeting, making sure she gets something appropriate, product research. Those aren't conversations about a sensitive subject you spring on a kid in the middle of a store. Money left on the gift card can be used up at a later date when the kid has some additional cash. Just like every other store gift card. And I guarantee you that a woman working at a proper store is going to be a helluva lot more knowledgeable and insightful than a dad. Again, there are a dozen different ways the dad could have handled this better instead of hovering over his daughter against her wishes. Blatantly ignoring your child's wishes and feelings is a sure fire way to alienate them. Dad could have done some research into reputable stores with good reviews. There are boutique stores that are heads and tails above the shops at the local mega mall. Dad could have dropped into one of those stores, had a quick discussion with a sales girl, bought a gift card, and then given it to his daughter.
There are other pieces of luggage shipped within the larger piece. Each piece is intended to be sold individually. Think of a “nesting doll”. De-nest means open it up and remove the smaller pieces inside.
&gt; My life is a living hell now because all the neighbors make assumptions based on all the stuff the Landlord told them. What are your neighbours actually doing that is making your life intolerable? &gt; behavioral issues, mental problems Based on your post history, you have issues communicating effectively with others. That may be a big part of the problem. You should discuss these issues with medical professional.
Criminal and civil actions are very different beasts. The police aren't typically in the business of delivering civil threats. If someone is going to sue you, that means civil litigation. The person starting the action has to serve you with proper court documents. If he is looking to sue you for $15k, that's a Small Claims court action. Government info: https://www.attorneygeneral.jus.gov.on.ca/english/courts/scc/#02 If the paperwork you have isn't actual court documents, then you aren't being sued. You should take whatever paperwork you were given down to your local police station and discuss it with them for clarity. Based on what the police tell you, you may want to fill a complaint against the person who made the false allegation and mild threat. If you and your pet did absolutely nothing wrong, than the threats of a potential lawsuit are borderline [extortion](https://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/c-46/section-346.html). Again, this is something you will want to discuss with the police.
You need a ***peace bond***. https://www.justice.gc.ca/eng/cj-jp/victims-victimes/factsheets-fiches/peace-paix.html &gt; *A peace bond is a protection order made by a court under section 810 of the Criminal Code. It is used where an individual (the defendant) appears likely to commit a criminal offence, but there are no reasonable grounds to believe that an offence has actually been committed.* The linked page has information on how to obtain a peace bond. &gt; I’m worried it’s going to make the person angrier when they’re summoned and they will want to hurt us even more. That is even *more * reason why you want to get a peace bond ASAP. Peace bonds exist for situations like this. &gt; Would a trespassing charge work if she’s on my property? Trespass laws are complicated. They are part-civil, part-criminal, depending on various factors. You really need to discuss something like that with a lawyer. A *peace bond* would be more effective. &gt; Is there even anything I can do or do I just have to wait for her to hurt us again to get help from the police. Get a peace bond. NOTE: I am *not* a lawyer. Always consult with a lawyer whenever possible. Nothing stated here should be considered legal advice.
Ontario Family Law Rules - https://www.ontario.ca/laws/regulation/990114 RULE 8: STARTING A CASE 8.(5) The application shall be served immediately on every other party, and ***special service*** shall be used unless the party is listed in subrule (6). O. Reg. 114/99, r. 8 (5). RULE 6: SERVICE OF DOCUMENTS SPECIAL SERVICE 6.(3) Special service of a document on a person is carried out by, (a) leaving a copy, * (i) with the person to be served, * (ii) if the person is or appears to be mentally incapable in respect of an issue in the case, with the person and with the guardian of the person’s property or, if none, with the Public Guardian and Trustee, * (iii) if the person is a child, with the child and with the child’s lawyer, if any, * (iv) if the person is a corporation, with an officer, director or agent of the corporation, or with a person at any place of business of the corporation who appears to be managing the place, or * (v) if the person is a children’s aid society, with an officer, director or employee of the society; (b) leaving a copy with the person’s lawyer of record in the case, or with a lawyer who accepts service in writing on a copy of the document; (c) mailing a copy to the person, together with an acknowledgment of service in the form of a prepaid return postcard (Form 6), all in an envelope that is addressed to the person and has the sender’s return address (but ***service under this clause is not valid unless the return postcard, signed by the person, is filed in the continuing record)***; or (d) leaving a copy at the person’s place of residence, in an envelope addressed to the person, with anyone who appears to be an adult person resident at the same address and, on the same day or on the next, mailing another copy to the person at that address. O. Reg. 114/99, r. 6 (3). SPECIAL SERVICE — RESTRICTION ON WHO MAY SERVE 6.(4.1) Subject to subrule (4.2), special service of the following documents ***shall be carried out by a person other than the party required to serve the document***: 1. An application (Form 8, ***8A***, 8B, 8B.1, 8B.2, 8C, 8D, 8D.1, 34L or 34N). 2. A motion to change (Form 15) and change information form (Form 15A) or affidavit permitted under subrule 15 (22), with required attachments. 3. A document listed in subrule (4). O. Reg. 6/10, s. 1. --- To your question: * Would I be able to complete this myself if I sent it by mail with a form 6B (acknowledgement of service)?* **NO!** Somebody else has to do it. Who? Generally anybody at least 18 years of age. There are companies called **process servers* that handle this kind of thing all the time. I had a work buddy serve my ex with divorce papers.
You are looking to civil action against the school. You need to speak with a lawyer about such action. Civil litigation is a very long, drawn out process. It doesn't happen over the course of a couple weeks or months. By the time the parties reach a settlement in the dispute, it could easily be a year or two. Also, as soon as you instigate legal proceedings, a lot of this information will become front and centre headlines. Parents sue school board! And those newspaper articles will include details that you've just admitted to - your son along with others used a private messaging system to spew hateful and racist remarks. If you think a school record is bad for future scholarships, just think how bad newspaper and blog articles will be for his future career opportunities. He will become a massive HR liability. When you talk with a lawyer, he/she will probably paint the same kind of picture. Your choice - live with the consequences of the bad decisions your son made, or make things worse by trying to shift blame to others. One thing I noticed about your post is that *not once* did you concede that your son is to blame for the entire mess because of his online behaviour. Your son made a huge mistake and needs to learn from it.
If you are conceding the matter is *not very serious* you have no standing to bring a defamation suit against your teacher.
You need to speak with a lawyer to understand if there are statute of limitations on the legal actions you want to bring against them.
&gt; separated for 9 years now. She refuses to sign the papers but that's a different story. Since you mentioned it... she doesn't need to sign papers for you to get divorced! You bring an uncontested divorce application and have it served on her. If she doesn't acknowledge it or respond to it, all the better! You proceed and get your divorce! If she responds to your divorce application and challenges it, then you proceed to court. If you've been separated for 9 years, she would need an incredible argument to stop the divorce. Realistically, the judge would probably scold her for wasting time and resources and issue the divorce. Again, she doesn't need to sign anything for you to get divorced.
*Possibly.* You definitely want to speak with a lawyer regarding this. Does your SO ever see the child? Do you? If you have access to the child via your SO, and that child comes to view you as a parent, and you develop a parent-child relationship, then you could very well be on the hook for some kind of support. If your SO doesn't see the child, there should still be child support obligations. If she has no job or money, that doesn't automatically negate her legal responsibility to financially support the child. She could be incurring massive child support debts. Her financial woes will by extension become your financial woes. Speak with a lawyer who specializes in family law ASAP.
If you bring the issue to HR, you will most like discover that the company will find some way to terminate your employment. Companies generally don't like complainers. You have to make a decision - pursue the issue and risk termination, or bring a bottle of water from home every day. Seriously, every dollar store has large refillable bottles for water. You have unlimited water at home to refill a bottle. Going after the business for something like this is rather short sighted and petty.
Proving someone acted in bad faith is downright impossible in this country. Just take a look at *perjury* prosecutions in this country. You will find it doesn't happen. People lie on the witness stand all the time, yet they aren't charged with a crime.
Frozone and Elsa could take over this world as a power couple.
You are letting yourself get stressed out by your STBXW's actions that in reality have no bearing on your life. If she chooses to sleep in and potentially be late for mediation, that's her decision. You need to be you.
The grass is always greener on the other side. You may find once you are divorced that it's very different.
So don't answer her calls. Insist everything is via email and text. There is absolutely zero reason you need to have verbal communication with her.
&gt; Can I retract my motion? How? WITHDRAWING A MOTION (16) A party making a motion may withdraw it in the same way as an application or answer is withdrawn under rule 12. O. Reg. 114/99, r. 14 (16). WITHDRAWING APPLICATION, ANSWER OR REPLY 12. (1) A party who does not want to continue with all or part of a case may withdraw all or part of the application, answer or reply by serving a notice of withdrawal (Form 12) on every other party and filing it. O. Reg. 114/99, r. 12 (1). Form 12 - http://ontariocourtforms.on.ca/en/family-law-rules-forms/ &gt; settlement conference paperwork...Is there a way that I can re-file or even just add material to the filling? Re-file? No. Add material? Yes. Just type up an addendum and serve it on the other party, and walk in a copy. Conference briefs aren't part of the continuing record. They are informal documents. Conference briefs are either returned to the parties after the conference or destroyed by court staff. A conference is really just a mediation session. It is much less formal than motions.
Once you learn something, it's easy. Driving and basic car repair and maintenance is easy once you learn how to do it. It takes less time to learn how to solve the Rubik's cube than it does to learn how to drive a car. When you drive a car, you have to multitask. Check mirrors, adjust gas/brake pedal pressure, micro adjust steering, watch for signs, gauge speed and distance. It's a very complex process, but with enough time and training, it becomes second nature, muscle memory. Solving the Rubik's cube is *way* easier. There is no need to multitask. You just have to remember certain moves and patterns. I can solve the cube in about two minutes while watching TV. I don't need to focus on every single move I do.
I learned how to solve the Rubik's Cube *from a book* 37 years ago when I was nine years old. Nine years old! And I've never forgotten. The moves are hard coded in my brain. I know that if I ever can't solve the cube, my brain is in serious trouble.
Memorizing has *never* been cheating. We literally memorize most of our general knowledge as we grow. Multiplication tables. Learning to drive. How to do laundry. We read books and instructions, we have a teacher/parent show us. For some reason, a lot of people feel that *learning how to solve puzzles* is the exception.
It's a long ways off unfortunately. As long as people want to live in Toronto, supply will never catch up to demand.
The program has been in place for 10 years, and is going quite well. Are you expecting some kind of change over the next 10 years?
UPS and Fedex dramatically overcharge on brokerage fees. It's borderline extortion and fraud. That being said, you can call UPS and discuss the situation with them. Confirm how much tax and import duty was charged, and how much UPS tacked on as a service fee. The tax and import duty must be paid. That's only fair and reasonable. UPS's service fee? That's where it gets rather obscene. UPS clears so many packages cross border, they have a system in place to handle it as efficiently and cheaply as possible. The obscene fee they charge for the service has a *massive* profit margin. There is a reason shipping something by regular postal service cross border doesn't incur massive brokerage fees. The post office isn't in the business of extorting inflated service fees. You are in a position to negotiate with UPS for a more reasonable amount to settle the bill. Ask them to reduce the amount, and send you a new bill. Be careful how you pay it though. If you pay by credit card, it becomes too easy for them to use your credit card information to pay off the original amount. Trying to fight that just leads to other legal headaches. It's too late to self-clear the package. The package has already been cleared through customs. You need to talk with UPS.
Is your sister still out the product she originally ordered? If yes, then this will cause some headache. She's paid duty/brokerage on something she hasn't received. If the company ships it again, she will pay that again. If the product was shipped by express courier like UPS or Fedex, she most likely paid an exorbitant brokerage fee. She should insist the shipper use regular post. She needs to contact the original shipper. Due to their error, she is out the money she paid for duty/brokerage. If they won't make it right by refunding some of her money, she should cancel her order and insist on a full refund as the product was never delivered. If they refuse, go through the credit card company for a charge back. As for the product she accidentally was shipped, if the company wants it back, they need to essentially "buy" it back. That includes a prepaid shipping label, plus pay your sister the duty/brokerage fee she paid when she accepted it.
https://www.ontario.ca/page/public-holiday-pay-calculator FYI, the Ontario government website has a mountain of information in regards to employment rights. I strongly suggest taking some time to review it. If there are aspects of the law that you don't understand, or don't jive with what is happening at your job, you can contact the Ministry to get some basic clarification. If that doesn't resolve the issue, then you need to discuss it with an employment lawyer (if it's worth it).
Be aware that being successful in court, and being awarded a court ordered payment doesn't automatically mean you get paid. If the company in California ignores the court order to pay you, you need to bring *another* court action to force some remedy, i.e. seizure of assets. Things get really complicated across jurisdictions. You definitely need to find a lawyer who has knowledge and experience dealing with *international* lawsuits. At a minimum, you are going to be paying a lawyer (or two) for unbundled services - you pay to consult, but he/she doesn't represent you in court. Lawyers aren't cheap. You'll have to weigh the costs vs chance of coming out ahead and victorious.
&gt; If she were to leave the house would she give up her rights to half the property? No, unless there is some kind of prenuptial agreement in place regarding division of assets. No prenup? No, she doesn't lose entitlement. But it can become more complicated than that. Whether she is living there, or has moved out, it doesn't change anything she may be legally entitled to. Division of large value assets like a home can become a huge legal headache. Lawyers get paid big dollars to help navigate the process. But there is the risk that lawyer fees can balloon past the value of the original asset. You end up paying a dollar to win a dime. The bigger issue is access and custody of the child. What is happening there? If she has left the family home, *and* is dealing with mental illness, and the child is still living in the home with the father, she risks losing access and custody rights. If the father can prove she packed up and abandoned the child for an extended period of time, he may have a case for sole custody. The father may use the mother's mental illness as cause for limited or supervised access. If the father is taking care of the child more than 60% of the time, the mother owes him child support. Does the mom have a lawyer? Depending on her income and situation, she *may* qualify for legal aid. She should call them ASAP. She can also go to the local court house and discuss the situation with the duty counsel lawyer. Duty counsel will give her some basic legal guidance. Anything involving children, she needs to act sooner rather than later. The longer it takes for her to action and resolve the child access and custody situation, the harder it will become for her in court. As there is property involved, mom will have to work through the Superior Court of Justice. Everything has a fee attached to it. Basic paperwork/filing starts at a few hundred dollars. Legal costs can easily escalate into thousands, especially if she hires a lawyer. Easiest and cheapest option right now? Get down to the court house today and discuss the situation with the free duty counsel lawyer. Note: I am *not* a lawyer. Nothing here should be considered legal advice.
Essentially what you are asking for is punitive damages against the dad. You want the court to punish him for his actions by taking away his 50% share of the assets and giving that money to the mom. Any time you want the court to make a judgement that is contrary to the standard minimum (50/50 division of assets), you are looking at the long road of civil litigation. This becomes *easily* a year or two drawn out legal battle in court. If there is significant money at stake (value of the property), the dad isn't going to roll over and sign his rights away. You need to look at the long term financial numbers of a drawn out legal battle. How much will the lawyers cost? Chances of winning? Physical and emotional costs? If your father was that abusive, will your mother be able to deal with seeing him in court over and over again? If your mother's current lawyer isn't properly representing her, she needs a new lawyer. Be careful about labelling the lawyer as a misogynist so casually. Just because a lawyer gives you straight answers about the law and chances of winning doesn't automatically make him a misogynist.
It depends on the conditions of the peace bond. It also depends on the border agents of the country you are entering. Even if your peace bond doesn't specify travel restrictions, if the border agent has access to your record showing a peace bond, it *may* become a problem. If you travel to the U.S. often, border guards there have easy access to your background check. They will see your peace bond. There will be questions, and a chance that they will deny you entry.
Go to the business and request a copy of your original contract. That is the most important part of everything here. Dissatisfaction with results or buyers remorse aren't typically justified cause for breaking a 15-session agreement after just two sessions. But the only way to know for sure is to review the contract.
Your parents should be reviewing bylaws and fire code in regards to that basement apartment. They shouldn't settle for meeting the minimum code. Doing the bare minimum makes it easy for an inspector to find the slightest fault.
Fun fact: it's only a graveyard if there is a church on the property, otherwise it's a cemetery.
Yup! Cheap housing attracts many unsavoury characters unfortunately. Mixed income housing is required to *slightly* offset this, but the property management needs to be absolutely draconian in their enforcement of standards. Lots of security cameras. Onsite security. Management needs to make it a nightmare for the undesirables to live there.
230 is way too hot for PLA. That is massive under extrusion. You need to check if your extruder is slipping or if your filament is binding.
&gt; it's a cemetery if the ground has been 'sanctified Do you have a source/citation for this?
Okay, so I guess I'm going to have to compile my own firmware.
If you're married, all the assets you accumulated during the marriage are generally considered joint assets. It doesn't matter whose name is on the car loan. If you got the car during the marriage, then it's value is split 50/50.
Note: I am *not* a lawyer, and nothing here should be considered legal advice. Always consult a lawyer whenever possible. &gt; She has told me that if I can get a letter/document/contract that protects her from my debt, that she would be okay to delay the conversations about those other big things until our emotions cool off a bit. Do NOT do this! I repeat, do NOT provide her with anything that will absolutely isolate her from the debt. Why? Because it is a leverage point in the separation negotiations. Ask yourself *why* does she want that one issue resolved so quickly before looking at the other issues. Why is it that her top priority is the debt, and not the *much more important* issue of child access and custody? As a father who has gone through a very bitter separation, your primary focus should be on securing child access and custody rights. Tell your STBXW that the priority needs to be those things. Get a solid access &amp; custody agreement in place *before* dealing with the debt problem. With that level of debt, I am assuming that hiring a lawyer isn't a realistic prospect. That means you will need to self represent if things escalate to court proceedings. You will need to start educating yourself on family law in Ontario. There are mountains of resources available online.
Legal forms - http://ontariocourtforms.on.ca/en/family-law-rules-forms/ Ontario Family Law Rules - https://www.ontario.ca/laws/regulation/990114 Community Legal Education Ontario - https://www.cleo.on.ca/en/resources-and-publications/pubs?language=en&amp;field_legal_topic_tid_i18n=87 Canada Divorce Act - https://laws.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/D-3.4/index.html Ontario Children's Law Reform Act - https://www.ontario.ca/laws/statute/90c12 Ontario Daily Court Lists - http://www.ontariocourtdates.ca/ Canadian Legal Information Institute - Repository of court decisions and more - https://www.canlii.org/en/ Getting up to speed on family law is a full-time job. If you try to take it all in at once, it becomes overwhelming very quickly. Take things step by step. The CLEO flowchart is a decent starting point - https://familycourt.cleo.on.ca/en/steps-family-law-case
Not necessarily. It's a criminal offence to record a *private* conversation you are not a party to. A landlord inside the common area of somebody else's apartment should not have a reasonable expectation of privacy. Maybe... but there are also other factors. For it to be a crime there has to be a state of mind and intent. Did the tenant intend to record the landlord? If the landlord gave notice to the tenant, and the tenant set up the camera with audio recording, and he didn't tell the landlord, then that crosses the line into possible criminal intent. However, if the landlord *didn't* give notice of entering the apartment, the tenant would have no reasonable way of knowing he could potentially be invading somebody's privacy via recording. If the tenant set up his laptop to record audio and video of his cat messing around while he was out, and *by chance* the landlord entered and was having a conversation that can be heard, then the actions of the tenant are *not* criminal. If the tenant has a conspicuous sign on his front door or inside his apartment that clearly states that for security reasons, audio and video recording equipment is in use, and there should be no reasonable expectation of privacy. Clearly indicating the use of such equipment *before* somebody is recorded with it in your own home is generally going to protect you from criminal charges.
Did you read the description of the product you purchased? It clearly states that it only works one-way, VGA computer -&gt; HDMI display. You are trying to use it the opposite way.
That's not true at all. It does everyone a disservice to spread ignorance.
Nah, 640k is more than enough RAM.
Hail to the king, baby.
It's a good thing Qui Gon and Obi Wan couldn't coordinate and synchronize their attack, otherwise Maul would have survived all of two seconds.
Soft Rock or Hard Rock?
You need to apply for an 810 Peace Bond. https://www.justice.gc.ca/eng/cj-jp/victims-victimes/factsheets-fiches/peace-paix.html Multiple posts here say *"call the police every time"*. This is *useless* because the guy hasn't done anything illegal. If you have a peace bond in place, *then* it actually does become illegal for him to be in the area. Violating the peace bond is the illegal action.
The only condition for getting an 810 peace bond is a reasonable fear of safety. I would guess it's a pretty solid reasonable fear to see a registered sex offender driving around a a residential neighbourhood that isn't his own on a regular basis.
This is way too far down. Yes, ESH. Yes, the RAs comments and attitude are unacceptable. But so is leaving hair in a communal shower. If it has happened enough that people are complaining, *and* it's obvious who the culprit is, OP needs to accept some personal responsibility and clean it up *every time*.
Because they fear being perceived as racist.
That's why I stated *isn't his own*.
I did not know this. I will have to try it out next time!
Acknowledging the racism and holding OP accountable for leaving hair in the shower are not mutually exclusive.
That's an assumption. Same neighbourhood implies the alleged creep *must* drive his vehicle through a certain area to get to and from his home. OP made no indication of such.
Heroin?
Now I'm curious how you came up with the solution of endlessly looping a silent audio file to avoid other apps from accessing bad memory.
I wouldn't worry too much about security on something like this. If somebody with criminal intent wants to enter your home, there are a lot easier low-tech ways. When was the last time you saw somebody's backyard door? It's either a door with glass windows, or a large sliding glass door. Very easy to break and enter. If wireless security is the concern, this solution is probably *more* secure than a standard garage door opener if it's using WPA2-AES wifi encryption. Garage door openers aren't very complex and secure, and are susceptible to hacking, like *RollJam*.
Just use one of those really fancy suction cup, glass cutter wheel thingies in the movies!
Fair point. Is there a hard coded option within the ESP and RASPI code to require wifi encryption? Avoid the problem of it happily falling back onto an unsecured AP clone?
If he was released under conditions (i.e. parole), you can get a copy of the release to understand what those conditions are. If he isn't under restrictions via a conditional release, you can still pursue an 810 Peace Bond, asking for a restriction that he isn't allowed to talk with children.
https://www.justice.gc.ca/eng/cj-jp/victims-victimes/factsheets-fiches/peace-paix.html &gt; A peace bond is a protection order made by a court under section 810 of the Criminal Code. It is used where an individual (the defendant) appears likely to commit a criminal offence, but there are no reasonable grounds to believe that an offence has actually been committed. &gt; In these situations, a person can obtain a peace bond against the defendant from the Court. The Court may impose specific conditions that are designed to prevent the defendant from committing harm to the person, their spouse or common-law partner, their child, or from committing damage their property. &gt; Who can get a peace bond? &gt; **Any person who fears that another person may injure** them, their spouse or common-law partner, or **a child**, or may damage their property may obtain a peace bond.
Even if the ESP8266 wifi is tricked by an Evil Twin AP, you can program into the ESP8266 to only accept properly encrypted commands. The Evil Twin AP wouldn't have the separate encryption keys shared between the ESP8266 and the RPi, strictly used for garage door commands.
*Note: I am not a lawyer. Nothing here should be considered legal advice. Always seek the advice of a lawyer whenever possible.* &gt; Do clients not have a right to choose who they go to and/or change their minds? Absolutely they do. &gt; I just want to know if I can keep working from another facility or could myself or the new facility owners face legal action as threatened in the letter? If there was no contract, that's the fault of the original business owner for not covering their own butts in case of situations like this. &gt; The facility owner also sent threatening emails to another facility I was about to start working with (in the same capacity) causing the other owner cancel my agreement with them out of fear of retaliation as they have already had this person come after them in the past. You can potentially bring a Small Claims action against the former business. Their actions are directly affecting your ability to work. &gt; I received a letter from their lawyer full of false claims such as I'm publicly slandering them and contacting clients that "belong to them". The lawyer is most likely just echoing what his clients told him. They would need to provide proof of such a claim in any civil action. And the clients don't belong to them. If you have copies of those threatening emails, your best bet is to look into a Small Claims action. https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/justice/courthouse-services/small-claims/how-to-guides
&gt; Can you expunge charges You can *request* an arrest/charge that was eventually dropped be cleared from your record. You go through the local police department that made the arrest. If (IF!) they are agree to it, they then pass the request onto the RCMP. At that point the RCMP decides if they want to. Since your record shows *reckless driving and 6 month suspension + probation*, the police and RCMP may decline your request to have the other arrest cleared. You *cannot* get the reckless driving/suspension/probation cleared from your record. You *can* request that it be *set aside*. https://www.canada.ca/en/parole-board/services/record-suspensions/what-is-a-record-suspension.html &gt; if I can get my charges expunged, what is the approximate turnaround time to get this document from the RCMP? Six months to one year. &gt; And lastly, as I am overseas right now does anyone have a recommendation of a company that assists with the fingerprinting and application for the record check? http://www.rcmp-grc.gc.ca/en/steps-getting-a-certified-criminal-record-check *To submit fingerprints to the RCMP's Canadian Criminal Real Time Identification Services (CCRTIS) from outside of Canada, you must first contact the local police of jurisdiction where you are staying outside Canada and who can provide you with a copy of your fingerprints. Ensure you get the name and address of the police agency as well as the signature and name of the official taking the fingerprints. Also ensure all ten fingers are taken with black ink.* *Next, you must contact an accredited company within Canada who can convert the paper fingerprint forms taken outside of Canada and submit them to CCRTIS electronically.* *For a list of accredited fingerprinting companies, please contact us at CCRTIS-SCICTR@rcmp-grc.gc.ca*
&gt; She has reported this to the building manager and he told her she needs a man in her life in response and the problem has only gotten worse since. http://www.sjto.gov.on.ca/documents/ltb/Interpretation%20Guidelines/06%20-%20Tenants%20Rights.html *In some cases a third party, such as another resident in the same building, does something that substantially interferes with the tenant's reasonable enjoyment. The landlord has an obligation to respond to a tenant's complaint about the conduct of another resident. The landlord may be found in breach of section 22 if it does not address the tenant's complaints in a reasonable manner.* Your cousin needs to complete a T2 form - http://www.sjto.gov.on.ca/documents/ltb/Tenant%20Applications%20&amp;%20Instructions/T2.pdf &gt; My question is that if we were to install CCTV on the front door and audio equipment in the house could this be legally used as evidence of harassment? A CCTV camera capturing video in a public area is fine. However, you cannot legally capture ***audio*** of somebody else's conversation. &gt; When she leaves the house she is called names (ugly, whore, slut) and she is mocked for mental and physical illnesses they assume her to have. As the comments are directed at her, that makes her a party to the conversation, and she ***can*** legally record that audio for litigation purposes. &gt; It is my understanding that one party consent is the general rule in ontario regarding recordings. My concern is that if she is recording audio of the neighbors commenting on what she is doing but not necessarily talking to her directly is this against the law. That is correct. Your cousin should also go to the local police station and file a report. The police may be able to offer some guidance on the issue.
&gt; My landlord is now implying that I will be responsible for the costs of not only the repairs in my unit but of the 2 units below mine. Nope! Not a chance. The landlord is responsible for this kind of damage. You didn't know about the issue. For the landlord to have any claim against you, he would need to prove that you knew about the problem, and withheld the information, leading to an even bigger problem. The landlord also can't willy-nilly evict you because of this kind of dispute. Contact the Landlord and Tenant Board. They will be able to advise you further: http://www.sjto.gov.on.ca/ltb/contact/
If the landlord makes your life difficult, that's a possible section 21, 22, and/or 23 violation. Use form T2! http://www.sjto.gov.on.ca/documents/ltb/Tenant%20Applications%20&amp;%20Instructions/T2.pdf http://www.sjto.gov.on.ca/documents/ltb/Interpretation%20Guidelines/06%20-%20Tenants%20Rights.html The law - Residential Tenancies Act, 2006, S.O. 2006, c. 17 - https://www.ontario.ca/laws/statute/06r17#BK26
What a crap video that omits a ton of other phones. Not a single Blackberry pre-2007.
It depends on the reason why the information was published. Imagine your parent is hiding from an abusive spouse. Somebody knows this, and posts on Facebook that they saw you attending a certain school specifically to expose your location. This exposes you and your parent to potential violence. The person who posted the information could very well face legal represcussions.
If you're going to shim with foil, just skip the glass top. Use aluminum tape to shim the PEI sheet.
Where does the child live now?
NTA &gt; The fence posts are 1.8m and half of that is underground. As long as the bottom of the post is below the frost line, you are usually fine. Where I live, we need to go four feet / 1.2m underground.
215 is way too hot for PLA.
I was told our very high building standards included no cardboard or cardboard derivatives.
You need to bring court action in Idaho to secure your rights. You need to find a good lawyer who knows how to represent *fathers* in court. Most lawyers have zero clue how to effectively represent fathers. You need to do this for your child. If you don't, in a few years your child will start asking about "dad", and the mom will most likely spin some unfavourable tale about you. Your child could grow up without a good, supportive father.
You need to do the housework so she won't focus on it. If your wife can do it while exhausted beyond belief, so can you.
If I had to guess, he was trying to pay with a Visa Debit or MasterCard Debit. Instead of racking up debt on a credit line, it takes the money from your back account immediately. These types of transactions are distinct from true credit card transactions, and businesses have to "enable" their systems to accept these payments. Many businesses don't have that feature enabled because of fear, ignorance, or they just aren't aware they need to turn it on. I worked for a company that three years ago wouldn't accept Visa Debit transactions. Why? No idea. I wasn't important enough to advocate for change.
ESH. Your sister is an asshole for being uneducated and trying to push her ignorance on others. You're an asshole for not dealing with the situation in a mature, responsible manner. Psychosomatic reactions are real. If you've ever eaten something that you knew was questionable, you should know that low pressure stomach knot you get as you worry about it. You did that to your sister.
Arduino Contraption Meting Ethanol.
Did you ask him to stop taking the children to his church, simply because it's different and you don't understand it? Yes, he was absent for seven years. Maybe he is trying to make amends. Consider the possibility he is trying to be a better person and a proper father to his children. Consider the affect this may have on your children. The moment the dad tries to do something meaningful, mom views it as a threat and brings conflict. If you manage to get a court order for dad to stop taking them to his church, what are you going to tell them when they ask why? Children don't care about mom's or dad's religious belief, bible version, or church. Children care about the time and attention they get from mom and dad. If you bring conflict into that relationship, you risk pushing your children away. You and the father are both Christians. There are many mixed religion families in this world that make it work raising their children. This is not something worth fighting over. NOTE: It's odd that he is a 7th Day Adventist but attends church on Sunday. 7th Day Adventist church day is Saturday, the day of the Sabbath. Sunday only became a day of worship because in 321 A.D., Constantine the Great declared it so. Roman pagan culture had long observed Sunday as the day to rest and worship the Sun (hence Sun-day). As Christianity grew, Constantine the Great wanted to make things easy for people to convert. Since most people already observed Sunday as a day of religious worship, Constantine declared it would be for Christianity as well. TL;DR: you go to church on Sunday because of Constantine and pagans.
Dating is such a crap shoot. Whatever you do, do not blame yourself if things don't work out. Maybe after a couple dates, she says thanks but no thanks. Perhaps you get ghosted. Keep on keepin' on! If you want to improve yourself for yourself, go for it! Don't try to make yourself a different person just for somebody else. You'll go through waves of emotions. I've been separated over three years. Been on many dates. Remember, many of the people you are dating are just as messed up in the head as you are. Be honest and forthcoming, persevere, and you will eventually find someone. And if she has a single friend, send her my way!
Bed isn't level. Possibly a warped bed. Find a single lawyer test print pattern (or make one yourself in Tinkercad), and print it slowly, adjusting your bed level on the fly. Lather, rinse, repeat.
Take a look in your area for divorce support groups. It helps so much being able to openly take about these issues. You'll also get good feedback and advice. And you'll be able to pass on your knowledge and experience to others as well.
In what jurisdiction? In Canada and the United States, inflicting physical harm is assault under the criminal code.
You may have a claim against the company if they didn't disclose the full terms of the application process. If they didn't provide the full details of the application process, including the possibility of a hefty financial deposit, then they were acting in bad faith. Review everything leading up to you submitting the application. Look for any indication you may be denied or a large deposit may be required.
Call the company that manages the benefits, and ask them how they define it.
Make sure you keep a detailed journal of the time he actually spends time with the child. You should also have a record of all the emails and text messages you send him asking if and when he is going to exercise his visitation time rights. This information can be extremely useful in court if you ever need to adjust the schedule.
Contempt - don't waste your time trying to find him in contempt. Contempt of court is quasi-criminal, and the bar for finding someone in contempt is extremely high. You will find it *very* rare for someone to actually be found in contempt in family court. Support - you need to bring a motion with *evidence*. Without evidence, its a gamble what the judge will do. You could try to bring a motion to impute his income, but that takes a lot of work as you pretty much have to prove he is purposefully underemployed. The bar for imputing income is also extremely high.
Unless you have a prenuptial in place, money earned during the marriage is considered an equal share asset, and he is entitled to 50% of it. It doesn't matter if his name isn't on the account. That's irrelevant. Was the money earned during the marriage? Yes? Half is his. Vice versa, half of what is in his private account is yours. You will want full disclosure of his account transactions to ensure he didn't empty the account the day after you two separated. Consider the cost of a lawyer to fight with him in court. Cut your losses. A court battle can easily drag on a year or two. You'll have to weight the pros and cons of paying him to just go away, or fighting with him in court. If he is coming after your private savings, he is very likely desperate for cash, and may take a smaller settlement offer to avoid large legal bills.
Imagine if politicians fixed the broken taxation system so that companies wouldn't have massive tax loopholes to exploit.
You may try bringing a motion for a ridiculously low child support amount, like $20/month. He would need to show up in court to counter-argue. Any argument against $20/month is going to sound ridiculous. If he can't afford $20/month, there is no way he could even survive. If he doesn't show up in court, you should be able to get a court order easily for child support. If he does show up in counter, the judge will likely rake him over the coals for avoiding work and child support. Once you have your court order, hand it over to the FRO for collection and enforcement.
How about we just stop allowing *anybody* from buying multiple residential properties as investment vehicles?
No, they are not fair use. It doesn't matter if your podcast is educational/non-profit. If you don't have permission to use the photographs in this context, you are violating the copyright. If you want pictures of football players to use in your graphics, you need to find photos that are provided with the appropriate copyright licence. This info on Bing gives additional information on image use rights: http://help.bing.microsoft.com/#apex/18/en-us/10006/0
Then you definitely want to bring that motion and get a court order for some amount. And then let FRO enforce it.
NTA. It sounds like this guy needs to learn a few life lessons and grow up. Don't be surprised though if you hear from him in the near future demanding proper severance.
From the looks of it, it's a public underground lot.
&gt; I have their permission to use them Who is giving you that permission? Is it in writing? It is a legal document? Is that document properly drafted and signed? Sports photo rights are extremely complicated. You have to take into consideration the actual photographer, the team organization, and the facility/stadium. Lawyers create really big contracts that specify who has what rights when it comes to photographs like this. Anybody who is giving you permission to use a photo needs to be able to prove they own those specific rights to the photo.
Take your no-contact order down to the local police station and discuss it with them. They will tell you what will happen.
&gt; Is it subject to copyright if I crop out an athlete for a photo and put it on a different background? Yes, it's still subject to copyright! You can't remove copyright by cropping a photo. If you don't own any rights to a photo, you can't use any part of it. Sports organizations, like the NFL, are very protective of their property rights. The *really* easy answer is this - if you didn't take the picture, you aren't allowed to use it freely.
The *absolute minimum* you will pay for a divorce (uncontested) is $632. https://www.attorneygeneral.jus.gov.on.ca/english/family/faq.php &gt; *In total, court fees are $632 to obtain a divorce in Ontario. The first payment of $212 is due when the application for divorce is filed which includes court fees of $202 and $10 that is collected for the federal Department of Justice. Additional court fees of $420 are paid before the divorce is reviewed by the court.* You can even do it online! https://www.ontario.ca/page/file-divorce-application-online Make sure you read *all* of the details on these pages. ***Annulment*** - if you go down this path, it may take more time and money than just getting the divorce. You have to be able to prove that your marriage wasn't really valid from day one. What is the reason for wanting your marriage annulled?
Unfortunately, it is unlikely you can have the marriage annulled. It's going to be a very costly process. And again, you have to prove that your marriage was invalid from day one - that usually requires the skill of an experienced lawyer to prove.
Custody and access battles in Superior Court of Ontario usually leads to better, more reasonable, more just results. Meanwhile, in the Ontario Court of Justice, judges with a history of bad decisions and bias against fathers are allowed to keep earning a paycheque. Never trust the Ontario Court of Justice.
10% don't support either side. Like me. Both sides are being absolute tools. Last Friday, the Toronto District School Board had a PA day. This PA day is specifically to prepare report cards. Monday rolls around, and the teachers make it a strike day. The TDSB scents out an email saying that because of the job action, there won't be any report cards. So what they hell did they all do on the Friday when they were supposed to be doing the report cards? Don't tell me the teachers are fighting for the kids, and then take a full day's paycheque and not do their job.
Looper is terrible. Massive plot holes and leaps of logic. It's one of the worst time travel movies I've ever seen.
I'm glad to hear it. The teachers in my kids school here in Toronto aren't doing report cards.
The school wants you to be a contractor, because it makes their job really easy. They don't have to worry about deductions, taxes, T4 slips, etc. However, employment law is much more complicated. https://www.ontario.ca/document/your-guide-employment-standards-act-0/employee-status I cannot see how a teacher in a school could be considered anything *but* an employee. If you look at that list of conditions on the Ontario gov website, as a teacher, it would be crazy to try to define a teacher as a contractor. You are an employee. Full stop. The school has to treat you as an employee. The ESA, Employment Standards Act, protects you. The fact that the school administration even *gave* you the option is cause for concern. It means they don't understand and/or respect basic employment law. This could be problematic down the road.
I'm guessing you want to sublet for a couple of months so that you aren't paying additional rent. For whatever reason, you have a new place, but are still committed to your current place for two more months. If you are in a major market that has a shortage of apartments (like Toronto), this is GOOD! Give your notice to terminate your lease ASAP. Talk to your landlord. Tell him you are ready to vacate the premises immediately. Tell him you will assist in any way possible in helping to secure a new tenant. The landlord has the opportunity now to secure a new tenant at an increased rate immediately. That's two months of the new higher rent. With the unit available immediately, and with the current market conditions, the landlord could make some decent extra cash. Do everything you can to help the landlord transition the unit. Spackle the holes in the walls. Volunteer to paint. Scrub the unit clean to a diamond polish. A smart landlord will jump at the opportunity.
Yup! Ripping apart the kitchen, new floors, sounds like an overhaul to jack up the rent in the current market. OP shouldn't be surprised if in a few months when all the work is done, the landlord tries to evict him by saying the landlord is moving in with his mother. The good ol' "family possession" eviction routine.
Do you have a case? Most likely, yes. For the amount in question, you are looking at Small Claims court. The process isn't overly complicated, but it is tedious and exhausting. Filing an application with the court. Preparing legal documents. Serving the other party. Attending a mediation session. Appearing before a judge. Etc, etc. Even if you go through all of that, *and* you win, collection of the money isn't automatic. If he doesn't pay, you have to head back to court to get *another* court order to force the issue. Again, that tedious, drawn-out process. It is possible though that just being served the legal documents will wake him up to reality and scare him enough to make things right. However, I would suspect the reason he doesn't want to pay you back is because he just doesn't have the money. If he makes that much more than you *and* has a mountain of debt, he has serious financial problems. Spending problem? Gambling? Basic budgeting? You can't squeeze blood from a stone unfortunately. If he has zero liquid cash, squeezing him isn't going to yield positive results. He may need someone to take over his finances for the short term to get control of the situation. You may want to have that kind of discussion with him. Good luck.
If you weren't arrested and taken to the police station, there won't be anything in the system. It's good you feel guilty and stupid. It's a life lesson I hope you never forget. Most of us did stupid things as teenagers and young adults, myself included.
Can a landlord rent out an apartment without an oven? Yes. As a matter of fact, he doesn't even need to provide a refrigerator. It would be the responsibility of the tenant to secure their own. The landlord only has to ensure the kitchen has proper electrical service for fridge and a "cooking appliance". Realistically and logistically, this usually doesn't make sense though. Fridges are big, heavy, awkward. Nobody wants to rent an apartment and have to deal with supplying their own fridge. Same with a stove. The electrical service for the "cooking appliance" under current code is 240v 50a service. Whether that applies to your particular unit depends on when the unit was built, last renovated, or municipal bylaws. If the kitchen has that electrical service available, there is nothing prohibiting you from buying a cheap, used oven/stove and plugging it in.
"I haven't loved you in a long time" = I'm sleeping with someone else. They emotionally detach themselves from their current spouse to justify sleeping with someone else. It's a very common thing. It sucks.
Do NOT proceed trying to justify not paying table amount. You need to rejig all your payments *on paper* to make it make sense under the table amounts. You want your access/custody/support details to be easy for a judge to understand.
Is this happening mid-trial? Is the purpose of the meeting with the crown to discuss changing the plea?
What remedy are you seeking?
These kinds of keyboards are often used in public venues because they are less prone to abusive damage. People can be absolute savages. Also, the 9 key is upside down.
Double check the intersection to see if there is any signage indicating no right on red. Red light camera systems are all automated. Nobody is reviewing every incident for accuracy. Your dad can talk to the prosecutor in court, and most likely will have the ticket withdrawn.
I no longer enjoyed doing fun things. The things I always used to enjoy doing, just seemed so tedious, exhausting, unsatisfying. Severe ADHD and depression here. It makes life incredibly difficult.
Compared to my 2005 Highlander w/ 275k km here in Canada, your's looks like showroom quality.
Trying to control his time with the children will look bad on you if you take the issue before a judge. Unless he is doing something illegal or something that poses a severe safety risk, no judge is going to interfere with that parenting time. What *you* deem a safety risk doesn't matter. People attend firing ranges all the time. As long as the dad is properly storing and handling the firearms, it's not a safety risk. In Ontario, on average, every year one (1) person in 200,000 is severely injured by a firearm accident, or approx one (1) in every 8,000 of registered gun owners. Being in a car is much more dangerous. There are approx 46 injuries per every 8,000 licensed drivers in Canada. Statistically, the kids are more likely to get injured in a car accident on the way to the gun range.
&gt; Last year it froze over and when trying to get out of my driveway I broke my bumper off. How does a frozen puddle break your bumper? As for liability, the city is responsible for city property, and your landlord is responsible for his property.
Nope! City bylaws cannot shift civil liability. https://www.canlii.org/en/on/onca/doc/2000/2000canlii5408/2000canlii5408.html?searchUrlHash=AAAAAQALYm9uZ2lhcmRpbmEAAAAAAQ&amp;resultIndex=1 &gt; *the third parties did not owe a duty of care to pedestrians using the sidewalk adjacent to their home* And in BC? &gt; https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/ice-snow-removal-sidewalk-lawsuit-1.5374652
No, because spirits cannot pass over moving water. It's why Ichabod Crane was able to escape The Headless Horseman by crossing the bridge.
Is your name J.D., and was the nurse named Carla? For the love of God, are you a real doctor or a doctor like Dr. Pepper is a doctor? Hmmm?
"Begs the question" is used when referring to a supportive conclusion within a statement that is unsupported, unrelated, or circular in reasoning. Example (unsupported): Apples are good for you because they are natural and grow on trees. This begs the question, why are things that are natural and grow on trees good for you? Hint: they're not always, so the argument fails. The conclusion within the statement is unsupported. The conclusion of the statement is questioned directly. Example (circular reasoning): M Night Shyamalan is a terrible director because his movies are crap. This begs the question, why are his movies crap? Because he's a terrible director? That's circular reasoning. Example (unrelated): Canada is awesome because there is a lot of gun crime in the United States. This begs the question, what does U.S. gun crime have to do with Canada being awesome? The two statements are unrelated. Generally, if the statement has a supportive conclusion (look for the word *because*), it is usually a good candidate for *begs the question*. If there is *no supportive conclusion* in the statement, but the statement makes you want to ask a question, then a question is raised, not begged. Example: The latest Star Wars movie is garbage. Why is it garbage? Is the anything better to see in theatres? Who directed it? Were any of the other Star Wars movies good? Is it worth seeing when it hits Netflix? These questions are raised, not begged.
Please list four new words that you feel are crap.
This kind of incorrect fact that the masses eat up is maddening. *Average* can refer to *mean*, *median*, or *mode* average. Which *average* should you use? The one that conveys the most relevant meaning. Nine people are entitled to a $1 tax refund, and one person is entitled to a $99,991 tax refund. Telling those first nine people that the average tax refund is $10,000 is disingenuous. In this situation, the average (mode) is $1. The term *Average Joe* refers to someone generally indistinguishable from a large group, i.e. his characteristics are a mode average, characteristics that happen most often in a large set.
&gt; the highest temp water can get to is 212 degrees at sea level This isn't wholly true. Microwave ovens can create superheated water, well above the 212f/100c boiling point. If the water is relatively impurity free (filtered), and the vessel is pristine with smooth sides, the water won't boil. As soon as an impurity is added, like a spoon, tea bag, or sugar cube, it becomes the catalyst for nucleation. My mother was wondering why here water wasn't boiling in her tea mug in the microwave. She kept nuking it for another minute. Thankfully I caught her before she grabbed it. Superheated water can explode violently, so be very careful microwaving water.
Your thermometer could be inaccurate. Impurities in the water, like salt, reduce the boiling point.
This opinion is extremely ignorant. I'm a father, and my ex had an affair. She stole money from our son's piggy bank in his bedroom. She went out partying when she should have been helping me put our kids to bed. And I often attend a support group filled with other fathers who have experienced the same, or worse. False allegations in court is a big one. Women falsely claiming "abuse" is a common tactic. This isn't opinion, it's actual proven fact.
Don't try to justify your ignorant statement with "I didn't say all". &gt; Women are more likely to get sick of it before the man even considers giving up having his cake and eating it too. This statement right here shows you clearly think *most* men are like that. Sweeping generalizations are disingenuous and serve no purpose other than to stir up controversy. You're a fucking troll and should be banned from this sub.
Your friend needs to know that employers aren't automatic robots that terminate employment based on a red X on a police document. Employers want good employees, but they also need to protect themselves against liability. If they want to do a criminal background check after three years as a contractor, the paperwork may just be a necessary formality. He should sit down with his manager and HR *preemptivly* and discuss what is going to show on his record. People generally appreciate it when others are honest and forthcoming. If the company terminates him without proper severance, he will most likely have a case against them. Three years under a contract, I'm guessing he wasn't given the same rights and benefits as a full time employee during that time, even though he may have technically been an employee. If the company lets him go *with* severance, there isn't much he can do other than get an employment lawyer to assess whether he received proper compensation during his three years as a contractor, and got appropriate severance. He should reach out to an employment lawyer and schedule a consultation preemptively, just to discuss.
You say you have a permanent full time contract. Are you a contractor or an employee? https://alis.alberta.ca/media/2975/contractor.pdf You should sit down with an employment lawyer to review your contract.
First and foremost, if there is a health concern, don't allow them to proceed with the work until your concerns are addressed. Call your city's local health unit. They may be able to provide some insight into the matter. Err on the side of caution. If the guy at the paint store says it's a problem, I would trust him over a condo Corp that doesn't deal with paint on a regular basis. You should also look into your rights as a condo owner in regards to that stained ceiling. A surface stain only shows a fraction of the damage behind it. What happened above? What is growing in your ceiling? Painting over a ceiling stain doesn't fix the bigger problems that may be underneath. If there is a potential mood issue, that needs to be addressed instead of someone applying a band-aid solution.
Oh, I'm sure the notices are auto-generated, and the administrators know it. So they input the received rent a few pennies short to trigger the system. Harass and stress low-rent tenants enough to make them want to move. Jack up rent for new tenants.
The only thing really relevant is the separation agreement. If she is violating one of the terms of that agreement, it's a problem. If she is doing something that doesn't specifically violate anything within your agreement, there is nothing you can do short of starting the process of renegotiating the agreement. If there hasn't been any substantial change of circumstance, the courts won't even look at it, so you would be dead in the water. Honestly, focus more on what you can control and the time you spend with your child. Getting bent out of shape because you weren't notified of doctor's appointments isn't worth it. My ex is supposed to give me *advanced* notice of all dental appointments. Does she do it? Nope! Every time I find out, I send her a simple email reminder that as per our separation agreement, she is required to. And that's it. If we ever end up back in court, I'll have a mountain of documentation showing a pattern if disregard for our agreement.
&gt; I've yet to get through to someone to ask how we actually get those payments done through FRO. Hang up the phone. As per the FRO ( https://www.mcss.gov.on.ca/en/mcss/programs/familyResponsibility/Lawyers/index.aspx ) &gt; *Special or extraordinary expenses (e.g. child care or medical) must be set out in a support order in order for FRO to enforce them. They should be set out either as a fixed amount or as an expense which must be claimed on a sworn statement of arrears submitted by the support recipient.* If the child care expenses are NOT set out in the support order, the FRO can't do anything. You have to return to court to have a new support order drafted. https://www.mcss.gov.on.ca/en/mcss/programs/familyResponsibility/Lawyers/drafting_support_order.aspx
Then there is nothing anyone can do. If she is unwilling to do something as simple and basic as filing a police report, it's a lost cause.
A cease and desist letter is useless. Walk into a police station and file a police report.
The 20yo is no longer a child. The 17yo is borderline. Hypothetically, *if* the police and CAS take the issue seriously, launch a full investigation, find there is cause for concern - the mom *may* end up in court. Realistically, the "children" are old enough to leave the home. They need to seek out services that help people leave abusive situations. If the kids are living at home together with abusive parent, they can move out, find a cheap apartment, and live together as they rebuild their lives.
*Fo-shoozle!*
He had the date tattooed on his arm, and has multiple post-it notes to remind him.
It could be some kind of quantum-tunnelling portal.
Congratulations on becoming a parent! Life will be chaotic for weeks/months to come. Pull out all the tools you have to stay organized and sane. Cell phone alarms, reminders. PostIt notes. Pill organizer. Better to go overboard for the short term until things calm down. ADHD can actually shine during this time. Since your brain is seeking constant stimulation and there is so much chaos happening, you can bounce from task to task. The downside is if you fall into hyperfocus mode. And take naps if and when possible.
Insurance isn't a guaranteed catchall solution. It's impossible to have insurance coverage against *every* possible scenario that can impact your business. How many businesses/organizations actually have pandemic insurance? Wimbledon (tennis) paid $2m a year for pandemic/SARS insurance. If this pandemic had been a non-SARS disease, insurance wouldn't have paid out.
Why? What if somebody saved for years to host a fairytale event? A one-time extraveganza. Suddenly, that dream is dead and the money gone. Sure, a lot of people may feel the expenditure is wasteful and opulent. I don't know anybody who can just shrug off an $80k loss.
Popping off the bed, warping off the bed, falling over - that is all indicative of your inital layer not sticking to the bed. Either your bed is not levelled, warped, or you're initial printhead/bed gap is too large. What slicer are you using? I use Cura and I usually print a three line skirt. Rubbing my finger across those lines, if they aren't secure on the bed, I can quickly manually adjust my bed before the main print starts.
Who does he need to provide the lease to? You or the court/judge? Who is the arbitor of whether the lease is valid?
It sucks because there are a lot of Canadians that could benefit from the experience of back-breaking manual labour.
Not necessarily. https://www.fasken.com/en/knowledge/2020/03/27-covid19-assurance-pandemie-et-force-majeure/
We are going to need to see some schematics and STL files on this one.
Massive economic divide. Disenfranchised lower class. Systemic racism. A president who threatens to shutdown media companies that fact check him. Nah, everything’s good!
Then it's obvious he doesn't want to comply with the order. If he shows up outside your home and causes a disturbance, call the police.
What an idiotic thing to say. Everybody who upvotes you is an idiot as well.
We don't have the details yet, but most likely it was a settlement for intellectual property infringment. The widow of the 1974 film director owns those rights. I'm surprised Ford hasn't stepped into the fray here.
Lucas has always supported fan-made art. Maybe when Lucas sold the rights to Disney he made sure there was language in the agreement to not be litigeous.
It is idiotic to say. Without IP rights, massive corporations would just steal every idea of garage tinkerers. Monolith corporations like Apple and Microsoft buy up small companies for their ideas. Without IP rights, no music artist would be able to survive. If somebody has an idea for a song, and it's catchy and popular, are you saying "too bad for them! They can't own that idea! Anybody should be able to copy their song idea verbatim and market it commercially!"
Solid rebuttal.
What lag? The *maximum* theoretical USB polling rate for the keyboard is 8khz. In actuality gamer keyboards typically poll at 1khz. Non-gamer keyboards poll at 0.125khz. The i2c bus on the split keyboard clocks at 400khz. The board processor clocks at 16Mhz. If the firmware is coded properly, there should be zero perceptible lag.
Best episode ever is *Last Exit to Springfield*. Lisa needs braces, dental plan, Homer as the union boss, Smithers and Burns trying to run the power plant, Lisa playing Classical Gas.
Yes. https://www.stderr.nl/Blog/Hardware/RaspberryPi/PowerButton.html
For people who can't afford a 4k monitor, get a 1920x1200 IPS (or similar), and use it in portrait mode. So much better for coding.
*Apps without tablet optimizations work way better than they do on an iPad.* Honestly that's not too hard since iOS is utter garbage in how it handles upscaled iPhone apps. I have an iPad and iPhone. For the few apps without a native iPad version, I've tried the iPhone upscale. Absolute garbage upscaling. I can't even use my native iPad keyboard within the upscaled app. The apps don't respect the orientation setting. I have a feeling Apple did this on purpose. They made it "good enough". If they made it work too well, developers wouldn't put in the extra time and effort to make a quality tablet app.
Cat's thoughts: *Meh, I'll just get the guy holding the camera to feed me.*
I see people walking down the street wearing them...with nobody else around! People in cars wearing them. If the mask is that comfortable to wear, then i guarantee you it isn't doing anything useful. The best is when I see people with the mask only covering their mouth, not their nose.
What level of lead? And where are you located? 63/37 is readily available here in Canada.
Can you support that claim? Statistics out of China cannot be trusted. Is the alleged reduction in spread directly linked to the use of face masks, or possibly the effect of other factors like limiting physical contact?
Goodbye Reddit! Hmmm...I'd get back a lot of my personal time. I think I'm okay with this.
You've changed your argument. Go back to what you originally stated. You claim far east countries are doing better than us because of what they are doing. Where is your support for this argument?
Where? Newegg doesn't have anything cheaper than $460
https://ebay.us/czGldA
Your links don't speak at all to your claim "Furthermore the controller will always have to wait for the signal of the right side which generates artificial lag." Educate myself? I actually provide you with detailed information regarding polling rates and signal frequencies, and your response is a blog and a video that have nothing to do with your argument.
&gt; am I allowed to submit some of the emails that I printed out as proof ? Yes. In civil litigation all parties are required to provide any evidence they have in their possession that may be material to the case. Those emails should come out as standard disclosure. As for... &gt; my employer didn't remove my email access...checking emails from my home...was already signed into them Accessing your former employer's systems could potentially land you in some trouble. You should consult with a lawyer asap.
So she is claiming that you scheduled a baptism, but you are saying that never happened? Then it's incumbent on her to prove her case. There should be disclosure as to what evidence she is doing to use against the father. &gt; My husband violated a morality clause What evidence does she have of this? If there is no hard evidence, deny, deny, deny. Again, she has to prove her case. &gt; My husband wants the morality clause taken out, or for it to apply to both of them. I would bet the chances of this happening is none to zero. The mom can claim that dad had a drinking problem when they were married, and that's why the clause is there. She doesn't have a problem, and that's why the clause doesn't apply to her. For this clause to be removed, dad would need to prove he doesn't have a drinking problem, or that she does. The real question is, *how does mom know that dad drinks around the kids*?
Money
Michael Jackson bad or Virtual Boy bad?
My ex-wife's boyfriend is like this. He doesn't want trash in his car, so he actually told my kids to throw the trash out the window. Oh boy, I had a good sit down discussion with them about it.
There are lots of medications that explicitly state to not operate heavy machinery. Medical use is irrelevant.
When our office shutdown, management said "take whatever you need to work from home". Some people took chairs. Most people took extra monitors. The only thing people couldn't take were the actual desks. I video chat with colleagues daily. Some are still working off their kitchen counter.
What is the value of the estate? How much will she receive? You have to weigh the pros and cons. Lawyer fees can easily escalate into tens of thousands and even hundreds of thousands. Be careful of any lawyer waiving upfront payment, instead asking for a contingency fee. Behind the scenes, the lawyer slowly racks up a mountain of legal bills. As soon as the matter is settled, whatever the client wins is eaten up by lawyer fees. Your mom could go through a lot of legal wrangling only to be left with scraps. Don't panic. This initial letter from the lawyer may just be an attempt to elicit some kind of settlement offer. Seek out a lawyer for consultation. Maybe hire an estate lawyer to review the existing will and look for problems.
Check your transmission fluid levels. Check the wiring behind you A/C console. My 05 had a broken solder joint that caused the A/C to only blast hot air. Wiring in your door panel or a failing motor for the window.
It's sad when people support a flag more than they support their fellow citizens.
&gt; I'm a mod of a fucking subreddit dude https://imgur.com/t/funny/pHHenT9
The general concept of databases is very simple. It's a repository of information. Whatever information your want to store. Historical sales data. Contact information. Product details. Recipes. Any information that you may want or need to recall later, you want stored in a database. Relational - the information is chopped up and organized in a very precise way. It's spread out over multiple tables (like a spreadsheet table). One table may have a list of all teachers at a school. Another table lists all the students. Another table lists all the class subjects. Another table *relates* the teacher to the class to the students. This allows the information to be controlled in a very precise way. To understand the data thought requires knowledge on how to pull that data from the various tables. Non-relational doesn't chop up all the information into specific data types. It keeps related information together in one document. A single document could have a customer's entire profile and sales history. Once you have the right document, you don't need to relate it to any other. The downside is that this kind of storage wastes a lot storage space, as similar information is duplicated. This kind of database is good for storing large amounts of quickly growing unorganized data. Both types of databases are useful. A good database is usually a blend of both designs. This is a very simplistic, rudimentary explanation. There are lots of YouTube videos that go over the same concepts. There is a huge downside to learning about databases though - you will become very angry with people who try to use Excel as a database.
Look at all that space! Could every convention, auction, tradeshow, fleamarket be like this in the future?
I love myself daily in my own special way. Does this mean I have to give my neighbour a reach-around?
A company I worked at hired him to do an inspirational speech at a conference. Yes, he's energetic. Yes, he has a super positive attitude. Yes, he smiles a lot. The downside was that his speech literally had nothing to do with who we were as an organization, and very little of it was relatable. Afterwards a lot of us were scratching out heads wondering what the point of it was.
Considering the current state of disrepair and lack of maintenance of your neighbour's property, do you really expect the property owner to build a decent fence? A good quality fence takes a lot of work. It's an investment. Most people half-ass it which is why you see a lot of crap fences falling down and disintegrating with age.
Why not switch to a universal password manager like Lastpass?
I hated Shakespeare in school. We had to watch a crappy video production of The Merchant of Venice. The production budget was zero, the actors were terrible, just a god awful way to introduce a class of emo teenagers to classical literature. Years later I watched a live theatre production of another Shakespeare play. This one had actual production value, budget, good actors. It's like night and day.
The STM32 Blue Pill board can be used with the Arduino IDE.
Keychain allows you to batch export them all to a file. You can then import that file to Lastpass. Done.
If the water boiler is in your bedroom, it's an illegal apartment. Find a new apartment and move out.
I use LastPass. It syncs my passwords between all my devices. I've used it for years and have never had any issues or security concerns.
It definitely sounds domestic. News articles from years ago mention he had a girlfriend. I would guess a bad breakup.
Counter-protesting does not automatically fall into those categories. His actions did not indicate that he was about to breach the peace in any way. The arrest was illegal.
It was not a legal arrest. The Supreme Court has ruled that police can't remove a counter-protester if they are protesting peacefully.
That "common sense" approach now means mob rules? You've just supported the notion that people can be arrested for hurting the feelings of others.
The guy is an idiot. There is no debate there. However the arrest was illegal. The Supreme Court has ruled that police don't have the authority to arrest someone just to protect him from an angry mob. https://scc-csc.lexum.com/scc-csc/scc-csc/en/item/17947/index.do
The province of Quebec is known to be a lot more xenophobic and racist than the rest of Canada. It's a cultural protection thing.
That doesn't make his actions illegal. It violates his freedom of expression. The arrest was illegal. The Supreme Court has already ruled that arresting someone to remove them from a possibly hostile crowd is an abuse of police power and illegal.
I didn't say the rest of Canada isn't. Quebec just happens to be more so.
The Supreme Court disagrees with you. https://scc-csc.lexum.com/scc-csc/scc-csc/en/item/17947/index.do
The Supreme Court has ruled that arresting someone simply to remove them from a potentially hostile situation, when that person shows no intention of committing an actual crime, is an illegal police action. https://scc-csc.lexum.com/scc-csc/scc-csc/en/item/17947/index.do This protest was about police abusing their powers, and this guy just proved that police are incredibly ignorant.
You didn't even read the Supreme Court ruling link I provided, did you?
That's a good article. It's unfortunate a lot of people in this thread won't take the time to read it. Many of them sticking their fingers in their ears. Which is really ironic considering the protest is about police abusing their power and authority.
It was an illegal arrest. The Supreme Court has ruled so. https://ipolitics.ca/2019/10/04/supreme-court-exonerates-randy-fleming-says-police-cant-arrest-just-to-prevent-a-breach-of-peace/
*319 (1) Every one who, by communicating statements in any public place, incites hatred against any identifiable group where such incitement is likely to lead to a breach of the peace is guilty of...* Answer this. Who is the guy inciting?
You don't understand how the law works in this country.
&gt; His intention was clear No it wasn't. People are assuming what his intentions were.
Illegally arresting somebody is *never* the right thing to do.
&gt; my husband decided last night he no longer loves me and wishes to end our marriage of 5 years. Translation: he's having an affair. As soon as someone pulls the "no longer love you" card, it's always an affair. &gt; I am very scared they will use my mental health illness to win custody. The father will absolutely use anything he can to try to win in court. Don't be surprised if he starts lying as well. But he has to prove those things. Allegations generally don't win favour in court without evidence. &gt; He intends to take our son, and send me back home to canada to "get better" than I can see my son again at his wishes. Now that you know his strategy, you need to get a lawyer to protect yourself and your son. &gt; Ive been a Stay at home mom for 5 years, I dont have any money. My husband is a career military man with not so much as a sick day on record so he has access to all military legal. The father is in for a rude awakening in family court. He will have to pay you spousal support/alimony + child support. Your immigration attorney doesn't know family law. You need to find a family law lawyer. &gt; Im not used to american laws and I have no idea what my rights are. There is a lot of information online. Here is a good place to start. Take your time and read through all the information. Then try to find a local support group of people going through divorce and custody battles. https://www.courts.mo.gov/page.jsp?id=5240
Demonstrations sparked by ignorant police officers overstepping their authority, abusing their powers. Guy shows up in blackface. Ignorant police officers overstep their authority, abuse their powers.
Ignoring him is what should have happened. Let the idiot be an idiot. Instead, people got angry and hostile.
The driver made the error of hitting her brakes. You can lose control of your car if you slam on your brakes and try to steer.
Your rant is full of hyperbole, assumptions, and errors. Too many to address fully. 407 ETR - this was a quick lease deal for a quick buck. Garbage pickup - private contracts have benefitted the city of Toronto. The last garbage strike that left this city smelling like a toilet was because *city workers* went on strike. Those areas served by privatized garbage pickup were not affected. &gt; *When a company takes over a public service they are now a monopoly....They have little accountability and our government can't easily enforce change.* You mean, exactly like the current government of Ontario? Doug Ford's PCs have zero accountability. They are railroading through legislation without a care in the world. We the people are powerless to do anything about it until next election. Privatizing services is no worse. &gt; *I hope my rant explains to a lot of people out there who argue for privatizing public services* Your rant is nothing more than a simplistic opinion piece.
It's scary to think that American's have a constitutionally protected right to carry a fully loaded weapon, but not the right to video and audio record in public in some jurisdictions.
What amount of costs are you looking to recoup? Small claims court isn't a quick and easy process. It takes time and energy.
Does it still hold up?
It amazes me the number of people in these threads that don't know this.
I put a piece of baking parchment paper. Never had an issue.
Oh! Clearly not guilt! Of course! It's so simple and brilliant!
If it's in your agreement that he would ensure coverage is maintained, he violated that agreement. That being said, your best bet moving forward is to make sure you have your insurance properly set up and pay for it yourself. Then send him an invoice every month. If he fails to pay it, at least you have your coverage maintained. Then take him to court for violation of the agreement.
Start making new connections with industry people. LinkedIn is a good start. Of my last six jobs over the past 20 years, five of them I landed because of business connections. Three of them, I wasn't even job hunting. A connection contacted me with an opportunity they thought I would be ideal for. You have a solid education (better than mine, I'm envious). Keep grinding away at that crappy job as you build up your business network. Opportunities will come. And don't burn bridges. In any industry, you never know who you will run into again and again. 20 years and six jobs later, I cross paths with a lot of industry people I met back then.
What sort of IT work? IT is a thankless job in my experience. If you do your job well, people don't notice. There is a general expectation that technology should "just work". So then they question what you are getting paid for. When systems don't work, people question why they are paying you for not fixing the problems quicker. It's a vicious circle. HelpDesk is typically an entry point, and the most painful. Dealing with users who have problems with power buttons. Moving to complex systems like database or networking will definitely be more rewarding. You may want to avoid small companies where you end up being the everything IT guy.
When he pulled that bottom dust filter to reveal a solid plate....uh...what?
One trick that works for me learning new programming languages is programming a microcontroller to do something physical. Pick up an STM32 dev board and pick the IDE that uses the language of your choice.
Nothing you can ever say to your ex will make them change. It's natural to want to defend yourself but it only fuels them. Your ex wants a reaction. Your reaction will always support his opinion of you because you are arguing. Never engage in verbal communication. Everything over text or email. If he constantly insults you, that may be considered abusive. It would look really bad in front of a judge when trying to decide if two parents can effectively co-parent. He is seriously shooting himself in the foot. Focus on your kids and ignore him as much as possible. Only respond to communications that are important for child custody and access issues. Every time he insults you, respond with something like this... "Please stop using this kind of language with me. It serves no purpose. Our focus needs to be on what is best for our children. It worries me to think you may also speak to our children in such a way." Always try to be the calm, cool, profressional, rational, logical one. Never insult their position or opinion. "I disagree" is always better than "you're wrong". Don't fall into the "manipulative" trap. What one sees as manipulative behaviour, others may see as subtly influencing. "No" and "I disagree" immediately block manipulative behaviour. My ex wanted to keep our kids 100% of the time when this pandemic started back in May. Exchanges too risky, social isolation, etc, etc. My response... "No. We have an agreement in place. The current situation doesn't alter that agreement. I will be by to pick up the kids at the regular time. If you disagree with my position, you are entitled to use the dispute resolution clause of our separation agreement. If you honestly feel there is a serious risk with continuing our 50/50 time during this time, the kids are more than welcome to stay with me 100% of the time. Make up time for you will be made once this crisis passes." Her response? We will continue 50/50. Her initial argument was about control and manipulation. If she had a serious concern about health and safety, she would have agreed to the kids staying with me 100%.
Kids are different, especially when there is playground equipment in the mix.
Bylaw enforcement is a joke in this city. Parking enforcement is a joke. Traffic enforcement is a joke. See the pattern here?
"Give up the ghost" is a very common phrase. Its usage dates back hundreds of years.
I would love to make my vehicle look similar to a police vehicle for one specific reason - so morons stop driving like morons around me.
Gotta get them into the bath at least once in a while.
Ah, the good ol' days, when people were only 3 1/2 ft tall.
Even worse, after a short stint in jail, that person now has a criminal record and can't get a decent job anymore. It's incredibly short-sighted and idiotic of the Liberals to even consider this a reasonable solution.
Canada checking in. I've always called it a whipper snipper, but some people were confused so now i just call it a weed whacker.
So zero ventilation? The PCB schematic is simple enough, I feel etching copper is overkill. It could have just been point to point wiring. The voltage also doesn't seem very stable. If the PSU isn't under any load, shouldn't that voltage be rock solid?
Levelling isn't a "one and done" process. You level it today. For some reason it's not level tomorrow. Bed warming up and cooling down can affect bed level. There are a multitude of factors that can affect bed level. Warping, flakey z-stop switch, crappy springs. I always print with a three line skirt. It let's me manually adjust my level before the main print starts.
Somehow my daughter got it into her head to pronounce breakfast as "breakfix". I have to correct her every time. Infuriating!
It sounds like you are looking for an original arcade cabinet. Arcade1up mass produces a fully licensed product. That mass production lowers production costs. That's why you can buy one at Walmart for a couple hundred dollars. There isn't a large demand for full size cabinets. Original cabinets in good condition fetch a premium penny on the used market. If you have a specific cabinet in mind, you could commission a local shop to build the wood shell based on plans. There are a few websites with available CAD plans that are very close to the original design.
I hate business conversations. I can't concentrate on what is being said while simultaneously focus on *remembering* what is being said or making notes. It's like watching a YouTube recipe. It works if I can watch 10 seconds, pause, write down details, rewind to confirm. If I have to watch without pausing beginning to end, there is zero chance I am going to get all the information required.
It's hard to tell based on that picture. Can you post a better picture of the bad print?
I have the exact same crappy meter. It doesn't fluctuate that much for me.
Why not? The Ford family is a cancer. How many people did Doug Ford call losers during this time? Michael Ford is a puppet who doesn't care about people. Politicians like the Fords impose their rules on us all, but do whatever the fuck they want. They steal from the poor to feed their own wealth. They lie and chear and steal. Michael Ford even changed his name to Ford just so he could coast into political office on the coat tails of his uncles. The Ford family has helped contribute to numerous deaths in this province. Zero sympathy for them here.
Then restrict people from leaving their homes. Set social gatherings to zero. Better safe than sorry, right?
That's crazy talk! I need that cash for my Starbucks!
Unless your business has political influence over Doug Ford, or cash to line his pockets, he doesn't care.
He's cut from the same cloth as his uncles. His voting record on Toronto City Council proves it. http://app.toronto.ca/tmmis/viewAgendaItemHistory.do?item=2019.PH5.6
I have an Android box with Minix remote. It has standard remote control buttons like play, forward, reverse. It works as an air mouse. It has a keyboard on the reverse side. It works flawlessly and allows me to easily navigate the OS and any application. My sister has an AppleTV. I tried to load up something to show her on YouTube. Dear lord almighty, the AppleTV remote control is an abomination.
With an Apple logo on it!
*centrifugal force* Centrifugal force isn't a real force. In this lesson, you should be focusing on Newton's laws of motion and inertia. The heavy sand in the bucket wants to keep travelling in a straight line. If you want the sand to turn the corner, you need a *centripetal* force.
Easier to load and unload from the trailer. A forklift can potentially damage the bed of the truck. You can unhitch the trailer with the loaded bucket and leave it somewhere while continuing to use your truck. If the sand/gravel spills into the trailer it's very easy to clean up. The bed of the truck may be loaded with other supplies, maybe landscaping tools.
Next step then is to replace the circuit with an ATTiny85 controller. Add a 5V voltage regulator or buck converter to power the chip and LED. Use a voltage divider to feed the battery to an input pin for testing. Add a switch to identify regular 9v batteries vs rechargable (7.2 or 8.4v). Install a lithium ion rechargable battery and USB charging circuit to power the system. Add the ability to test AA and other 1.5 volt batteries. Add an LCD screen for reading actual voltage values. Have wire probes to... Wait, that sounds like a basic multimeter. Never mind. Cool circuit.
He said he used NPN transistors, so I would guess 2N3904. For ablow voltage, low current application like this, maybe a 1N4148 diode.
Nooses are used as anti-black symbols, going back to the days of lynching in the U.S. southern states. The Ku Klux Klan often uses the noose to symbolize anti-black sentiments. Many people consider it comparable to how the swastika is used as an anti-jewish symbol.
It's not the store's responsibility to police how people willingly choose to spend their money. Some stores will try to be good citizens and watch out for people falling for these scams. I've seen signs posted warning people of such scams. Trying to shift responsibility onto a third party isn't the solution though. If the elder falls for these scams so easily, maybe you need to look into taking control of their finances via power of attorney for property.
Interesting question. A quick Google search doesn't reveal the origins of the name. One interesting fact I did find - Sherway Gardens is credited for the birth of the *food court*. When it opened in 1971, it was the only mall with a large indoor food court.
Buying new tools makes your wife happy? Where does one find such a wife!?!
Pseudocode doesn't automatically mean language agnostic. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pseudocode#Syntax
You need to get into court as soon as humanly possible. Is the hometown still in Canada? It can get more complicated if she leaves the country. If you truly fear she will flee with the child, do you have local family that can take the child for a few days while you deal with legal matters?
How old is the child? How long have you lived in your current area?
That's a problem. Generally courts are supposed to ensure the child's life is as stable and undisruptive as possible. The *only* thing really tying your child to the local area would be *you*. No school, no friends, no community. How feasible is it for you to relocate to the mom's hometown?
I go to the drive in regularly with my kids. The place is always packed when the weather is good. I guarantee you the reason most drive-ins closed was because of poor management. People want to enjoy their movie experience. People want the latest blockbusters.
And the cat will remember how you laughed at him when he visits you in the middle of the night with his murder mittens.
Can you imagine being a gay, jewish, black living in Mexico?
The Surface is actually the first real product to challenge Apple in the tablet market. Microsoft did a bang up job marketing the Surface. Now all Microsoft has to do is make the product more reliable and dramatically improve the software.
Make sure you have evidence showing you can't relocate. You need to focus your legal arguments around your child. Your child has the right to have time with dad. A child does best with both parents. Your STBX will try the argument "I need to move to my hometown to be closer to my family for support." You can spin this right back against her. Your child needs family support as well - that includes dad. Mom's "need" for support doesn't outweigh your child's. Do you have a lawyer yet? Where in Ontario do you live?
Okay, maybe I'm missing something here. I just weatched a bunch of YouTube videos of this game to see the mechanics. First, the mazes are not all solvable. Without the wall-breaker power up there are some unsolvable mazes. This may actually have been by design though to use the power up. It's eight tiles horizontally, mirrored to show 16. At least one of those squares must be blank/path. An initial blank tile is designated the "path". If the path tile has solid wall on either side of it, it remains the path tile. The tile below must also be a blank path tile. If there are blank unobstructed tiles in the same row, randomly assign the "path" to that tile. And continue. The same procedure can be used to create continuous walls. Occasionally create a special row of all blank. Or shift the path tile one space left or right to force the use of a power up.
Everyone is different. No single solution works for everyone. Generally, the major shortcoming of Android tablets is the software. iOS users tend to spend more money on apps, so developers actually develop a lot of good quality *tablet* apps. Android users spend less, so developers lean more towards freemium phone apps that don't upscale well. This isn't to say there aren't good quality Android tablet apps. It's just that there are *a lot* more on iOS.
Make a job jar. If you know something needs to be done, but you can't will yourself to do it right then and there, write it down and throw it into the job jar. Whenever you feel the motivation to actually do something, grab a task from the job jar. Don't like it? Put it back and grab another.
Good link. Here's a rather damning statement in the paper: *We captured five logs using MAME, each with 1000 mazes generated (300,000 maze rows in total, since each maze has 60 rows). Using a test harness for automated comparison, we have verified that* ***our algorithm reconstruction matches the game output exactly.***
In the UNIVERSE!
It went swimming in cold water!
With an amazing cast lineup, including O.J. Simpson!
The point is the end of the line. It doesn't matter what the point is since it's the end. Life is about that line you must travel on before arriving at the end. It's the joirney. It's your history. Consciousness just allows us to know and understand what is actually at the end of the line.
Beginners make all kinds of missteps. I have a buddy just getting into electronics and skipped over prototype boards. He went straight to perfboards and was trying to solder his first blinky circuits. I gifted him a prototype board and showed him how to use it. He was so relieved. Soldering was really frustrating for him.
Making people feel uncomfortable and expressing a superiority belief shouldn't automatically mean the behavior should be illegal. Reddit wouldn't exist in such a reality. Neither would BLM protest marches.
Dukes of Hazzard fan?
Absolutely. r/toronto is polluted with skyline photos. Pushing questions to r/askTO was a stupid mod decision.
Not to be confused with [YKK.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/YKK)
The shock from the drop *may* have been enough to cause internal damage, like breaking a solder joint. If you have tried everything to re-sync the mouse to the receiver, the next step is to open up the mouse and start looking for problems there.
Here, I [posted something other than a photo.](https://reddit.com/r/toronto/comments/h8t31o/heres_yet_another_picture_of_toronto_just_kidding/)
Well, I did try posting [something to try to mix things up.](https://reddit.com/r/toronto/comments/h8t31o/heres_yet_another_picture_of_toronto_just_kidding/)
For decorative purposes only.
10? I'd say two or three.
Tarkin and Leia in Rogue One pissed me off. There was no need to use Tarkin that much. It became an uncanny valley distraction.
You would think for all the resources they had at their disposal, they could have hired a kid to sit in the corner of the warehouse with copper boards, a black marker, etching solution, and a small drill.
Did she only paint the portion facing her property? If she only painted that side, does it affect your side?
I'm not so sure. It seems to have sparked quite a flurry of comments.
33 comments in an hour, and you remove it as a low quality post? More discussion than most of the photos posted here. You are one of the reasons this sub sucks.
You need to look for a wireless mouse with an increased USB polling rate. Most USB peripherals poll at 125hz. Max I've seen is 1000hz. A faster USB polling rate for a wireless mouse can help offset any delay of the wireless signal.
My prediction: Apple won't abandon the x86 architecture. They are going to introduce a third line of products to bridge their computer lines with their iOS lines. **x86 Mac systems** Mac pro Macbook pro Macbook iMac *The Mac mini will be retired, replaced with an ARM-based mini* **ARM-based Mac/iOS hybrid system** iBook (resurrecting this old name!) iMini (desktop) **iOS** iPad iPhone
My 12yo son asked me the other day if I've heard of this super-cool arcade game named *Tempest*. Son...I was playing that game in arcades in the late 80s.
Close your eyes and just listen. Problem solved.
Just another classic misunderstanding of the law and discrimination based on protected classes. Some landlords know how to avoid legal troubles. Some are blatantly ignorant.
I love how solid it looks. The contrast makes the numbers very visible.
That's interesting that the time ratio is that precise. Here in Ontario, Canada anything in the 40-60% range is considered 50/50. To get under that 40% time, a lot of fathers are offered every other weekend and one evening a week. For a working dad, it seems like an acceptable compromise, but long term it's a terrible plan.
Everyone who is saying "she can't move because court order" is dead wrong, and here's why. Courts don't enforce orders. It's up to the parties of the order to ensure it's being followed. If not, then it's back to court for punitive punishment like fines, contempt hearing. If dad does nothing about mom moving, he's essentially just given her permission to do so. Their separation agreement may have a dispute resolution clause. Sometimes it's mediation/arbitration before escalating to court action. If dad delays in taking action now, mom could relocate up north and establish a new status quo quickly. Let's say mom moves, gets the kids into school, dad realizes in September that this isn't going to work so only then does he decide to challenge the move. A mediator/arbitrator/judge can easily say dad waited too long. Mom has already established a new home for the kids. New school. New status quo. To force them back now would be incredibly disruptive and not in the best interests of the children. Too bad, so sad. Calling the police will do nothing. This isn't a police matter. This is a court matter. If dad wants to continue being a part of his kids' lives, he needs to respond immediately making it very clear "no". Dad needs to start prepping paperwork for court. Also, whoever set up that separation agreement and set the limit at 50km from their current school...what the hell? That's an insane distance. That number should be more like 5km. My agreement states 3km.
If you've never seen that trick before, it can easily mess with your head, especially up close like that.
Illusions Michael.
If your PTE is advising that you should receive more parenting time, now would seem like an opportune moment to head back to court to have it revised. Mom's recent craziness works in your favour. There is a risk though. The recent COVID crisis may be the reason mom opposed your vacation plans. She can play up that she has real concerns about the safety of the children.
Why are you waiting? Summer is a great time to get into court. Ideally you want the change to be in place before school starts.
Every product and service will eventually be replaced by new competition. Smart companies work to be their own competition, constantly trying to stay ahead of the game. Dumb companies look at their successful product/service and think it's so great it can never be supplanted.
To be fair, these kinds of jack stands are used by people jacking up a car to change a tire. It's not holding the entire weight of the car. But then again, people are dumb. Many don't even use a jack stand, relying solely on their jack as they crawl under their vehicle. Or they don't use tire chocks.
A union protects legacy employees and gives the shaft to the new hires.
Private agreements are just as valid as a court order.
*It ~~challenges~~* enhances *my sexuality.*
Oh....the mosquito is *in* the computer.
For that amount of money, you can use Alberta Provincial Court Civil, or "small claims" court. It's a simpler, less expensive court than the full blown Queen's Bench. You don't necessarily need a lawyer. A lawyer does being knowledge and experience, but at a cost. A lot of litigants in small claims court do all the work themselves. You may be able to pay a lawyer or paralegal for some basic consultation. This will help get you on the right track. You are most likely going to ask the court to make a ruling that the client does owe you that money. If you win, that doesn't guarantee payment. Court orders usually stipulate payment with a certain time frame, like 30 days. If they don't pay, then you need to get an enforcement order. Back to court again. They are in contempt of the court order. Now you are asking the court for an order to seize money or assets. This gets a little trickier if you don't even know if they have money. You definitely need to discuss something like this with a lawyer to understand your options. I am not a lawyer. Always consult with a lawyer whenever possible.
Mediation can be an absolute waste of time if one of the parties is crazy. Mediation can mean different things in different jurisdictions. Here in Ontario, Canada we have closed and open mediation. Closed means nothing discussed can be used outside of the session. Open means the mediator can file a report and even testify in court as to what happened during the mediation session. Closed mediation is good to get an understanding for the other party's position. Since there are zero consequences, people let loose. I would never do a closed mediation session without the guarantee of a follow up open mediation session.
Redditors, take note. If you don't know what you are talking about, don't pretend that you do. u/jjames3213 is 100% WRONG. 1990 Supreme Court of Canada - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R_v_Ladouceur 2018 COURT OF APPEAL FOR ONTARIO - https://www.canlii.org/en/on/onca/doc/2018/2018onca584/2018onca584.html Numerous law blogs all agree - the police can stop a driver at any time to ensure compliance with the Ontario HTA. - https://www.legalline.ca/legal-answers/police-powers-to-stop-vehicles-and-question-drivers/
R2 - The police can stop a driver at any time to ensure compliance with the Ontario Highway Traffic Act. 1990 Supreme Court of Canada - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R_v_Ladouceur 2018 COURT OF APPEAL FOR ONTARIO - https://www.canlii.org/en/on/onca/doc/2018/2018onca584/2018onca584.html Numerous law blogs all agree - https://www.legalline.ca/legal-answers/police-powers-to-stop-vehicles-and-question-drivers/ There isn't even a grey zone here.
It sucks being correct /u/Amraff and being downvoted by the ignorant masses. You are absolutely correct. The police can pull anyone over at any time to ensure they have a valid driver's licence or valid insurance or even a safety check.
http://www.sjto.gov.on.ca/ltb/faqs/#faq4
A prenup can protect the assets you bring into the relationship. As for child support, if the oldest is still living there you *may* be on the hook for child support IF mom makes the case that you were acting as a parent to the child. If their lifestyle suddenly increased significantly for a couple years and then you tried to bail, a judge can easily say that you were acting as a father. Pay child support. Definitely find a good family law lawyer to confirm this.
&gt; if he refuses to move, can he legally prevent me from taking my child with me if/when I move? Yes. Absolutely. The rights of the child generally trumps all. The child has the right to have easy access to *both* parents. A better job, better income, other factors are all secondary to a child having both parents in his/her life.
&gt; the officer that looked through my open window for like 6 mins is that legal? Yes. They were looking for something in plain sight. &gt; is it normal to call in two additional cops just to examine some sober white kid No. You should contact the police to get a copy of the incident report.
No. Refuse the shipment. It will be returned to the send.
I would honestly be surprised if any cops knew of the existence of this law. It's so trivial and inconsequential. Definitely agree it's on the books as a means of dealing with swindlers.
No, they aren't a common occurrence. It just so happens that a trivial few cases have escalated to the point of upper court rulings. Unfortunately it does allow the police very broad powers that some will abuse.
Suddenly changing the goalposts doesn't make you right. You stated... *Getting pulled over for a "routine patrol" is a Charter violation.* *Pulling someone over to verify license/insurance without probable cause is a Charter breach.* In both your posts, you made ZERO mention of repeat or multiple stops. If you want to make the argument that multiple targeted stops are a violation, then support that argument. Getting pulled over without probable cause is *not* a charter violation.
Multiple targeted stops fall outside of routine, random traffic stops. This is definitely something that should be discussed with a lawyer. And get a dashcam with audio recording asap. Get multiple dashcams. Cover all your angles. Video recording in public is 100% legal. Audio recording of conversations you are a party to is 100% legal. Your choice as to whether or not you let the police officer know they are being recorded. Personally, I'd have a camera setup to capture them clearly and let them know they are being recorded. I would bet the stops would end quickly.
That's not true at all. The Supreme Court of Canada has already ruled that routine, random traffic stops to ensure compliance with the traffic act is completely legal. The police don't need visible probably cause.
Get a dashcam, or two, with audio recording.
Generally, you can do anything you want in your apartment as long as it isn't illegal, damaging property, or interfering with others in the building and their ability to enjoy their own apartments. Your landlord citing a "risk" isn't grounds to demand the removal. If the landlord tries legal action, he would need to prove in civil court that you are in violation of an agreed upon lease contract. Since he doesn't have a copy of the original lease, he has nothing to support his argument. Tell your landlord that you will happily replace the window unit if a floor based unit is provided at no charge. At that point the landlord's options are... 1. spend $300-500 for a unit * spend time and money in court * forget the whole thing Option 3 just means the landlord wasn't serious about safety concerns. Option 2 means the landlord has more money than brains.
I agree with your husband - don't do anything. If you try to go sole-custody, it starts a potentially unnecessary legal battle. Mom has only really been MIA for a year and a half. It may sound like a lot, but it really isn't. Document everything. If a year or two down the road mom reappears, only then do you try for sole custody if necessary.
Can we also stop the wealthy from buying up every new house, only to have them rent it back to the lower class?
I did this for a bunch of camping gear. Fortunately I added a lot of the things to my Amazon wish list. Two years later, those items are still there waiting for me to purchase.
I recently learned this and was really irked by it. Whoever made the decision to not have native video out on the Lightning port is an idiot.
The wealthy control the money, and implement policies to keep it from the lower classes. Politicians are part of the wealth class and do just enough to appease the herds. It's almost impossible to save enough money as a down payment on a house, but the wealthy can leverage their millions and billions to scoop up every new property, only to turn around and rent it back to us at a markup. The system is getting worse every day. There is a reckoning coming.
I'll take a McDouble. Best dollar for calories ratio.
I switched to Overcast on my iPad mini, and am so happy. The stock app is crap.
It's worse than that. Many feel it's a violation of the rights if you don't *support* their position.
Next level is to add a coin slot mechanism. Save up the coins to pay for the dental bills.
I work with someone who must have received her degree from a school like this. The other day I showed her how orientation lock and holding her cell phone in landscape mode changes how some applications present themselves. Her mind was blown.
Tongue scraping is pseudoscience at best. Bacteria propagate in the mouth incredibly quickly due to the watm, moist environment. Regular oral hygiene practice including brushing your teeth, flossing, mouth wash, and visiting the dentist is sufficient. There is no evidence that tongue scraping has any long term benefits.
Shut off water supply in the house? Nah, just grab a cooler and hit record!
Hey Bob, we have these big flat surfaces here. Maybe we could use projectors to maximize the use of space? Are you crazy? Just get TV!
Cornbread is so easy to make and so delicious. I don't understand why more people don't make it regularly.
Growing up I watched the Dukes of Hazzard. The confederate flag is a great, simple design. Easy to draw. Simple colouring. Any kid can draw a passible replica on top of their Hot Wheels. It sucks learning the real history of the flag.
Maybe he's in a rush to get to the mechanic since his brakes have failed and his accelerator is stuck.
Not a chance. The past three months have shown me that many teachers are incapable of teaching online. Sloppy and inconsistent work assignments. Poor communication with parents. Disorganized curriculum. I have two kids in public school and I can tell you that online learning is shit. Kids don't learn by watching YouTube videos. Kids don't learn by reading poorly prepared online materials. Kids need regular supervision and guidance in their education. This problem is going to snowball as more and more kids fall behind. We are going to see kids being pushed out of high school in a few years with D averages. Then again, that benefits conservatives like Doug Ford and his corporate supporters.
This shows a prime example of the stupidity of our school board system. There are 31 English public school boards in Ontario. So the minister of education has directed 31 boards to come up with 31 x 3 plans. 93 different plans in development for education in one province. This doesn't even take into account the French and Separate school boards. Get rid of the local school boards. Centralize education planning.
I had to add gcode to my prints to add a BEEP at the beginning and end of prints. The mini E3 is so quite compared to the grinding steppers with the original board.
Create a hobby checklist for each of your hobbies. Keep them all together on a clip board. Tired of your current hobby? Move that checklist sheet to the bottom. Keep cycling through. Do the same for little projects. Create a project checklist. Attach it to clipboard. Cycle through. Eventually you will complete some of those projects. Project #1 - get two clip boards. Set up project and hobby checklists.
People will tell you that the police won’t get involved. They will if you press the issue. They are obligated to attempt to enforce the court order. That usually means attending the home and discussing the matter with the offending spouse. You then need to get a copy of the police report to use as evidence in court. It probably won’t do much though. The worst mom will get is maybe a $100 fine and the judge wagging his finger at her. You’re better to build a full case with multiple order violations.
&gt; it’s not police enforceable unless it specifically includes a police enforceable clause. That is a common myth and misconception. People need to stop perpetuating this misinformation. All it does is empower those who disobey lawful court orders.
Your daughter can decide where she wishes to reside. If she can walk out the front door of one home and find her way to the other, she has decided. Police won't haul her back. If mom shows up with the police, you let them in. Daughter says she wants to be there, doesn't want to be with mom. Police tell mom too bad, so sad. Mom goes to court. Judge sees that daughter chose for herself to relocate. Judge tells mom too bad, so sad.
Unfortunately online teaching is a completely different beast which most teachers are not equipped for. The government did a piss poor job even trying to make it work. The government was all gung ho about online learning and then catastrophically failed when push came to shove.
This is how SkyNet takes over.
Solder wick and a solder sucker are two essential tools when soldering.
Obviously you don't even want to consider repairing that ceiling until the leak is absolutely fixed. If a plumber came by and "fixed" the problem, but it is still leaking, it's not fixed. What is causing the leak? If it a common shared element (like a water supply pipe), this falls under the control of the condo corp, not the unit owner. Section 89 and 90 of the condominium act explicitly state the condo corp is responsible to maintain common elements and repair after damage. You need to review your condo's ~~bylaws~~ declaration to see if there are any clauses in there that alter that responsibility. Don't let them repair your ceiling until you are sure the leak is permanently fixed.
In my experience, left-leaning media generally ignores issues with a leftist government as much as possible. Only if it benefits a bigger narrative will the media go after the government. Right-wing media just blames everybody else for every single problem. Doug Ford and Donald Trump could be lighting school buses of children and nuns on fire, and the right-wing media would be blaming the previous governments for not installing more fire extinguishers.
Take the training wheels and peddles off and find a parking lot with a slight slope. Show him how he can coast down the slope. Once a kid feels that exhilaration, they are commited.
Correct, declaration (not bylaws, my goof).
The Bieber Eating burrito like corn on the cob fake news was brilliant.
The "altered with" clause is to absolve them of responsibility in the event the unit owner damages his own ceiling. He can't force the condo corp to fix his mistake. It wouldn't apply here. The condo would need to repair the ceiling to the basic standard of drywall or cement board. Being in a moisture prone area, I would insist on cement board.
I would love to know how they would do gcode without knowing the printer specifics.
Not getting reelected? Don't be too sure. The Liberals don't have a leader. And the majority of voters have a short term memory.
The least a person can do is attend a police station, have an officer call the home, discuss the situation, and then generate a report. These kinds of reports are essential for building a bigger case.
ITT: *Emulation performance is fine. Compiling ARM binaries from x86 spurce is easy. Native performance from silicone to screen isn't critical.* Absolutely clueless fanbois with no concept of real world computing workloads and needs. *The ARM processors that run on small batteries and use the back of the iPad as a heatsink are just as powerful if not more so than those massive Intel chips drawing 65 and 95 watts plus of power.* Complete reality distortion bubble.
My ex spewed lies about abuse. Abducted our kids to "protect them", hid in an abuse shelter. It didn't take long for her web of lies to come undone. Every court appearance, she would get more and more desparate, coming up with new lies. Three and a half years later, I'm still working on recovering emotionally and mentally. Her life is shit though. She's living in a basement apartment with the daddy of her 1yo child. She also ballooned in size. She and her boyfriend are the Klumps.
There are different levels of USB to serial converters. Super cheap ones won't work for some types of communications. If the serial peripheral you are using doesn't need complicated communications, the cheap ones often work fine.
Don't put lead in there. It's poisonous to marine life. Please respect nature when you're disposing of dead bodies.
Because Apple designers and engineers live in a reality distortion bubble. They expect those in the mid range to go to an iMac Pro. Apple lost me as a desktop computer user years ago with the Mac mini 2014. My latest desktop is a Win10 PC build. Under $1000. Three drives, 32GB RAM, GTX 1650 SUPER, Ryzen 3200g. For the same price I could get a non-upgradeable Mac mini with an i3, 8gb RAM, 256 SSD, integrated graphics. I feel Apple has lost its way with their desktop OS.
You should still be covered. It's similar to car insurance. If you get hit by an uninsured driver, your insurance still takes cares of you.
Remember, HR is there to protect *the company* from liability issues arising from the actions and behaviours of employees. If someone gets COVID from you after you've been exposed because of your AirBNB, and the company knew of the elevated risk, there is a potential liability issue. There would have been zero company liability issues if they didn't know. Now they do. So now they have to mitigate the risk. Don't be surprised if HR requests you suspend your AirBNB until this crisis passes.
This is prime material for a Hollywood movie.
Civil liability isn't about "proof". It's about "most likely". If you get COVID, and it gets transmitted to another employee, and that employee or his insurance brings legal action against the company, they may have a strong case. Even if you did get COVID from the grocery store, they can make the argument that you didn't take the current health pandemic situation seriously. If you did, you wouldn't have had an active AirBNB. Because you didn't take the situation seriously, you probably were careless in your other daily activities, like not wearing a mask and gloves to the grocery store. See how it can easily be connected? And because the company knew of the potential risk, they may have a certain degree of liability. Did the company do everything to protect the employees? Did they offer you work from home? Did they provide enough cleaning supplies in the office? Did they make sure people could effectively social distance themselves? Everything goes under the microscope at this point.
Doctors and lawyers are also required to have personal liability insurance. Police officers should be the same. People have been asking for a provincial non-profit insurance company. This would be a good way to get one implemented. Pass a law requiring all police officers to have liability insurance plus suspension insurance. If an officer is suspended, let the insurance pay, not the public coffers. Just like extended sick leave.
Print out the emails, go to your nearest police station, and file a report as soon as possible. Talk to the police. They may be able to offer some guidance.
This is terrible advice, and not true at all.
Do you mean bricks or cinder blocks? Bricks are just used as a facade over the real structure. Cinder blocks don't provide the same level of thermal massive or integrity.
Colonel?
This isn't a temperature problem. This is a Z-axis movement problem. Your Z-axis gantry is not moving up enough during those first few layers. Something is too tight, too loose, out of alignment, binding, jamming...you get the idea.
Howard the Duck.
You have to completely ignore the craziness of bio-mom. If she behaves this way, she cannot be reasoned with. She can't be negotiated with. She needs a court order to be told what to do. Dad needs to bring a motion in court to gain more access/visitation time with the child. Dad needs to draft a settlement offer to mom. Dad needs to be *very specific* in what he is asking for. Custody orders should *never* be vague, generalizations, wishy-washy. It needs to be detailed, black and white, zero room for interpretation. Dad needs to frame his argument in terms of "best interest of the child". Every argument should begin with "Our daughter deserves..." or "Our daughter has the right to...". There should be zero derogatory or inflammatory language in the motion. If the argument is about best interests of the child, there is no reason to go down the path of disparaging mom. If the previous arrangement was every other weekend, ask for this in court. Maybe ask for one overnight per week as well. This is a very common access schedule for kids and dads. Dad needs to start being a father to his child. Notice how the word "mom" isn't anywhere in that sentence. It doesn't matter if it will make mom upset. That's her problem. He needs to focus on what is best for the child, and children do best when good parents are actively involved in their lives.
Many fathers get absolutely pummeled in family court to the point of their spirit and will being completely crushed. I know because I've seen it and experienced it. Some judges are absolutely abusive towards fathers. Abuse is the only way to describe it. Asking someone to return to an abusive situation is crazy. We don't know what happened in the past or what this father went through, but based on what I know, I will *always* give fathers the benefit of the doubt.
What a load of crap. Kids can't even do basic arithmetic.
Stop! Get a lawyer and shut the fuck up. Never talk to police. They will take anything you say, twist it around, and use it to incriminate you. There is nothing you can say to police to help yourself. Watch this video: https://youtu.be/d-7o9xYp7eE
Yup. I was completely wrong. Eating my humble pie.
If you have evidence, then your case is good. The kids are old enough to be heard by the court. If the problem is the boyfriend, the initial order may be visitation only in the absence of boyfriend. If the problems continue, then back to court for another order for supervised visits. It sounds like the boyfriend is a bully. My ex's boyfriend said some things to my kids that didn't sit well with me. I called him up and had conversation with him. It mad him rethink some of the things he says. I'm surprised your husband hasn't had a conversation with his ex's boyfriend.
False: It would be amazing if IKEA used plywood. IKEA uses pressboard and particle board.
That's what happens when the state's default reaction is punishment and incarceration.
That's the only thing? Microsoft still hasn't fixed their Control Panel UI. Windows 10 is five years old, yet their control panels are still a messy mix of old and new.
Good question. Would having a few chickens roaming around the garden take care of this? Or would the chicken pecking destroy the plants?
&gt; The boyfriend isn't a party to the divorce. He doesn't need to be. The order is to the mother to not expose the child to any partners. This is a common clause in custody orders. &gt; Also, there's that pesky Constitutional right regarding freedom of association. Freedom of association is not absolute. Trying to use such an argument in this matter would be laughed out of court.
The wall is there for rigidity/strength since the contents are under pressure. Due to the way injection molding works, there can't be a gap in the wall at the bottom. Also, the "tube" isn't a tube. It's a wick.
And you would be incorrect. Butane lighters absolutely use a wick. http://www.inpharmix.com/jps/Fuel%20Meter%20From%20A%20Disposable%20Butane%20Lighter.html &gt; ...the dip tube ([the white tube in the picture above](http://www.inpharmix.com/jps/_images/LighterMech.jpg)) is not a tube at all. Instead it is some type of porous foam rubber.
I tried the A&amp;W Beyond Meat burger. Maybe I got a subpar one, but I found the texture severely wanting. Too mushy. The taste wasn’t there either.
Keyboard stands confuse me. A keyboard slanted towards the user is terrible ergonomics.
No relation to these three: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvG7CHWyol0
Hiking or canoeing?
Oatmeal is breakfast food. Raisins are a healthy snack. Therefore oatmeal raisin cookies are a healthy breakfast anytime food. They are delicious.
Not a chance. Toronto city council loves to make up new rules, but does jack shit to actually enforce them.
I'd refuse to pay as well if they used concrete. Concrete is horrible for fence posts. It holds water against the post, accelerating rot. Use gravel.
I'm assuming dad requested a change in access which lead to the assessment? The report should be delivered within a few weeks. If he has a lawyer, it will be sent to the lawyer. As soon as you get the report, you need to go through it with a fine tooth comb. You need to flag every minor error and have the report corrected. If there is speculation or hearsay in the report, flag it. Your lawyer will have to file a dispute within 30 days. Confirm this with the lawyer. The reason being that the judge can use any part of the report to justify his decision. Or he may choose to ignore the report in its entirety. It's important to have your dispute on record in the event you need to appeal.
And will any people or companies face prosecution for violating federal law? Doubtful.
Thanks evolution for giving us this unnecessary pain. Sinus headache in the winter. Brain freeze in the summer. We just can’t win.
If they sag, heave, and tip over, they weren't buried deep enough. Four foot hole plus gravel in southern Ontario and that post won't move. It has to be below the frost line with proper drainage.
It's possible the assessor has enough information to make a recommendation. I see it going one of two ways - the assessor is going to recommend 50/50 or the assessor recommends no change. If the assessor has a mother-bias, that would explain why she didn't interview all references. She doesn't need to. She is doing the bare minimum to appear to be doing her job, when in fact she has already made her decision. Alternatively, the assessor may see this as a very straight forward "yes, dad should have 50/50" based on what she is seeing from mom. Assessor talks to a couple of dad's references just to make sure her bases are covered.
Absolutely! What's next? Alanis Morissette playing god? Graham Chapman as Jesus' neighbour?
This is common practice. Procurement departments work well in some industries, but not all.
What did you do before carrying a cell phone?
I'd prefer to see a comprehensive plan on what social programs get put in place from the money scraped from the TPS budget before we start defunding them.
Is there a written contract that stipulates the details of the loan and your obligations to repay it? Did your parents make it clear up front / before your schooling, that the money was a loan?
I guess that’s how the pros become pros. They’ve built enough things in their life to know what works, what doesn’t, little things that can make a huge difference.
If I was a shade of green, I'd go to the doctor to be examined. Oh look, universal health care! I guess I don't need an Apple credit card to finance basic medical coverage.
That's not true. Applying for new credit absolutely affects your credit score. It doesn't matter if you are denied or approved but don't accept.
Your first mistake was going to Tim's for their breakfast sandwich. They are terrible. I'll gladly pay double for a McDonald's Bacon &amp; Egg McMuffin that doesn't taste like a lab experiment gone wrong.
This is barely a news store. The app needs to know how close you are to the store to know when to have the store prepare your order. I can place an order 10 minutes away from the store, and only when I'm a couple blocks away do they start preparing it. I also already set my privacy setting to only allow location services while I'm using the app.
Tim Horton’s - Canada’s choice when you just need cheap food quickly.
If enough people did the “right thing”, we wouldn’t need enforcement orders or bylaws. Hope that people will act intelligently and in the best interest of others is a pipe-dream. Look at Florida and their craziness. Look at the anti-vax movement. How many people were fined in Brampton recently for having large backyard parties? Did you see the pictures of people ignoring social distancing in lineups to get onto a restaurant patio? Some of those who oppose the mandatory masks are correct in their position that this province’s and country’s policies are half-assed and contradictory. Our own prime minister took a weekend vacation to his cottage with his family, contrary to public orders to avoid unnecessary travel. Rules for some, not all. Ontario’s current government treats frontline and healthcare workers like they are an old piece of chewing gum stuck to the bottom of their shoe. All three levels of government have failed us all during this crisis. They know it, so they implement policies like mandatory face masks to turn citizens against each other instead of looking at the source of the problem.
