Maybe if I'll ignore it, it'll go away.
At the start I didn't see that there was an opening and immediately thought of Saw.
[MY reaction usually](https://i.imgur.com/a20neCz.gif)
Social media has really fucked up the teen population.
The Guyver just needs to be a warframe of its own imo. I always figured that Warframe was Guyver inspired. Exalted Elbow blades as the nr1 power, Forehead laser as the nr2 power, vibration globes as nr3 and the almighty Mega Smasher particle cannon as his ultimate. One can dream...
I've seen a peregrine falcon literally punch a duck in the face at supersonic speed. The duck's soul left its body before it could realize what happened. Source: https://youtu.be/73OvZ_l35Sw pretty damn cool if you ask me.
This is why mayhem was so much fun. The amount of heavy ammo available made it feel like Destiny 1 again. With heavy ammo you know you have a chance to engage multiple opponents, any other weapon type not so much.
*"My father gave it to me and his father before him"*
10 dollars for one emote!? I can get a blowjob for 10 dollars if I look for it enough.
I saved up over 6000 bright dust from release to today and never really used them because nearly all stuff Eververse sells is just so damn ugly and uninspiring.
I love colorful forest paths. They are soothing to look at.
The man from nowhere. Korean movie. Great movie.
Flem
Clairo - Flaming hot cheetos
After reading both his and your comment I still think the cat is stuck with his back on the glass. What screen? Edit: oooooh that's a bug screen and he's stuck inbetween the screen and glass duh.
Weird, I used to eat those things when I was her age. I did put them in water first though.
Not just on the first page, also on the right of your ship's bridge there's a screen with important notes like when a dev stream, event or patch is going live.
As a nightstalker main I must say that tethers still suck balls so much. It takes forever for your tether to activate and it no longer has the auto targetting arrows for those instant tethers. As good as I am with the NS using my super usually gets me killed instead of the enemies so I just use it as a trap and hope my teammates can make use of it when I'm not around. Also never ever go with the lower path with Nighstalker, not in pve and certainly not in pvp. If you didn't unlock the moebius quiver perk then maybe go with the lower path in pve then.
Yeah good times.
I usually use a blow dryer on my armpits right after I apply a stick or roll-on. Only a couple of seconds are needed.
It's because there are many better options than the Suros since everyone is using either vigilance wings or Graviton lance. Right now the Braytech winterwolf and the iron banner autorifles are the best legendaries out there.
I just got a 22 kill streak on rumble and won the match because I was lucky enough to monopolize all the power ammo with my fusion rifle and that's the first time I felt that power ammo was the only reason I did so well.
At the gym. My gym is open 24 hours a day and it will be 11PM when I get there. Normally it's very quiet at that time but because it's Ramadan this month I see a lot more people coming at this time since it's right after dinner.
I need more info on this. How do you teach a rat to do that!?
I still don't get it :/
Ah I thought there was more to it than that. I always over-analyze things and miss out a lot because of it...
I'll sow it inside my skin. Most likely somewhere around my forearm.
Any power weapon is already stronger than Shadowshot.
Nightstalker got something similar to arcblade called Shadowmark except he gets dual blades and a red glow with red trails, haven't you watched the reveal trailer? It seems like everyone missed this part near the end of the video.....
Yeah you're right I just rewatched it and saw he was red even before the super, but still it's a dual blade arcblade type of super which looks awesome regardless.
Well you can always opt out so it shouldn't be such a big deal. The big deal however is that if something were to happen to me and my chances at survival at the ER is maybe mediocre and if the doctors know I'm a donor they might just not do their utmost best and let me die so someone can have my organs. I really want to be a donor so I can help someone out when I'm dead, but yeah I don't trust doctors.
Too bad you don't often get the chance to do an execution with how fast paced the game is. Still loved it very much and am hoping for Titanfall 3 since 2 flopped due to bad marketing reasons.
How do things get trapped in amber?
So far not a single catalyst has dropped for me. Meanwhile they're dropping in droves for some people....
All I remember from Skolas was you either have Gallie or you go home. Discrimination at its best.
Check this out: https://www.reddit.com/r/DestinyTheGame/comments/8pa3k9/fastest_way_to_get_sunshot_sun_blast_ability/ Fastest way to do it.
What would people think in the 50's if some cosplayers would time travel to the 50's to show them
It actually takes a couple of weeks.
I'm still waiting for the Techno viking emote...
There are also squirrels in the EDZ.
I will.
Don't forget about "Chaina".
That breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Invented by Kellogs.
OP I feel the same way. I used to really rely on the stealth, but not for the aim assist loss that he enemy gets but more for the radar ping loss. However I noticed that stealth doesn't seem to get me off the radar anymore. People notice me whenever I'm invisible and behind them. Am I the only one who noticed that stealth is now completely broken?
How much damage reduction do you get per masterworked armor?
Yeah but the jesters requires you to be very close to actually hit someone with it. If I was on pc I would help test it.
!dreambot7
I went up to a a New City a couple of times while wielding an Antiope-D and I was getting consistently outgunned by it even though I got the drop on them and hit all headshots. One is a 600 firerate while the New city is a 900rpm. Antiope however has more versatility since it can be used as a pseudo auto rifle. I even met a hunter with stompees, fighting lion and the New City and he literally fucked everyone in the whole rumble match. It was like he was playing warframe all fast like a ninja while I was playing a slow ass game that's not Destiny.
Unlimited until you run out.
Yeah I'm on ps4 lol. If it's you, I hate u ^_^
I beat Shadow Dancer: The Return Of The Shinobi on the Sega Mega drive.
I'd like to go to Iceland once, but it has a volcano...
!dreambot14
Yeah I immediately tried to copy the style but instead I got demolished. I suppose it requires a lot of time to get really good with it. Seeing a video of you doing it would actually be really great as a way to learn from it but that's up to you. Finding new ways to play is always fun and that's what I like most about games.
We need more shots. Vodka shots. How you doing?
Practicing suicide heh.
You should have added the little girl that runs away like that meme alongside her.
I....I didn't...?
That's pretty cute. I wonder how they taste like.
I've seen scenarios of exactly this when they weren't lucky....it's a horrible thing really and very messy.
Because only one guy uses them which is you.
I like to use the Borealis with the perk active which I can keep being active by using either the hunter dodge roll, titan barricade auto reload or that warlock rift boots that auto reload. Best dps in the game with that setup.
I want my mind flayer cape! ffs we even have a strike with a mindflayer who happens to have that damn cape I want. shiiieet.....
I can't answer this question on my main reddit account ok!
I never meant to be a dick about it. Sexuality is a spectrum. I'm open minded as a person and my comment was mostly meant as a joke.
It wasn't meant to be serious in any way. I saw one similarity and jokingly said something without any thought.
Yeah but then we kicked their ass and invalidated their existence XD
The red is just the dried up blood of his enemies. He needs a shower you'll see.
I recently tried to go from Nightstalker to Arcstrider and found that the best way to use it in pvp is the lower path by going with as low recovery as you can and either the Wormhusk Crown or Crimson for the heals. This is geared towards maximum grenade uptime preferably arcbolt grenade as it is the only hunter grenade that is actually reliable at tagging enemies. I put 3 grenade cooldown mods on my gear as well. Sometimes I even bring a Last Hope(ricochet rounds) and shoot at walls while hugging them to damage myself to get the grenades back lol.
The gunslinger had that perk in Destiny 1 but it barely did anything.
&gt;Florida man charged with murder in XXXTentacion's killing, police say [This is all I can think of here](https://youtu.be/rPfZq7Qt6Z0)
Also Bush twice....
It was a boring hell grinding for that GL catalyst and I noticed that the catalyst was not worth the huge grind after all. I'm not gonna grind like that again tyvm.
I speak five languages and no longer know which personality is my real one. It's very hard to identify for me since I'm born and raised in a particular location along with my ethnicity and background.
The neighbor's cat once came to my yard because he smelled the nice chicken I was making so I gave him some and he ate it and then barfed it all out and left. About 20 minutes later he comes back with a street cat and they both ate the barf.
Turks being who they are will take offense for it in their ignorance. I mean they mistook Gta cheat codes for actual code used by spies. - Am Turk.
I'm the Iron Fist and I killed a dragon.
I tried a lot of runs but eventually opted to go for higher scores. So I got to around 70k and then it dropped for me.
What's up with those huge lights in the back?
smg's are so weird for me. I see people rocking them and kill me near instantaneously but when I use them.... I think it's best to use the 900rpm smg's and hipfire them instead of aiming and don't go for headshots, the crit multiplier is not good enough so body shots work great.
So true.
Joe Blackburn. What a badass name.
They're like the Mormons from The Expanse.
That elevator was the true mvp.
umm but it does work. It's also the best damaging combo to use on bosses and keeps them stunlocked.
!dreambot14
Our weddings are full on parties so that's not an issue. And the weddings always start late anyway. People asking me to dance makes me very uncomfortable.
r/cumsluts
Ayy you could have just done one keratine treatment at a hair dresser, not shower for 3 days after and have silky smooth hair. edit: I searched the comments and not one person has mentioned this? lol.
An elevator squashed Diogo brilliantly.
Well there's always the dodge in proximity of enemies to get the melee back immediately but imo it should always reset the cooldown no matter if enemies are around so we can have a class ability that's a bit more on par with the other two classes.
That's just the problem with the exotics. They shouldn't amplify but rather modify to make them interesting. Of all the exotics in the game the Orpheus rigs is the most interesting one.
I mean exotics that changes perks/supers besides making them just artificially stronger.
Still sadly see no reason to use swords. If only they put them in the energy slot...
It was like that early when it became available. One of the last couple of patches fixed that and made it more reliable and do more damage on top of it. It's a really good weapon now and it's really strange why people don't use it as much.
Got a 12 kill with it and even killed a nova warp. Granted I used Gwisin's and it's kinda bugged right now with the infinite duration but damn I wish it stays like that since it's so much fun but I get it....
How do you get it?
Anyone with Revenant's noble animation has a flexible neck.
There are animated ones too!? Is it available to see in the collections even if you don't have it?
Pretty sure Cerberus+1 is a shotgun though.
Oh I've seen them before. I guess I somehow missed the animation part when I previewed them. Tnx.
:) A shitty shotgun though but at least it's ok to farm kills with in Gambit for Breakneck.
Better than the usual samurai sword I see in the last couple of years.
Rick KAAAAAAACKISSSSSSS HEEEEERE
Anthem is 3rd person and won't have pvp. Those two things alone make it a very different kind of game.
Wait. So no new exotic armor pieces?
Revolver Ocelot Revolver Ocelot Revolver^Ocelot
See you next year Space Cowboiii 😜😥
It can still drop from banshee engrams and rahool engrams.
Only place I use scouts is in gambit when I want nothing else than invade.
Yes, just like the Suros regime. There was a leak a while back that showed that perk. Can't recall where I saw it though.
Although I have Luna, I tried the Malfeasance and I gotta say that thing can very easily hit headshots. Another weapon is the Trust with explosive payload, that thing can compete with luna/nf by flinching them out of headshots which basically turns them into regular 180rpm handcannons.
The first thing I notice with new tv's is that weird ass motionflow. It's also the first thing I turn off, but everyone else in the family seems to really like it. Peasants....
Well meatbags is a starwars game reference 😅
Yup, that's basically what they are, but the travel time is so finicky that it makes you miss point blank shots sometimes. You got grenades that literally go through your opponents. The new Mountaintop launcher seems to suffer way more from this based on what videos I've seen of it.
How does this guy still get to keep his job!? For that matter how does Trump still get to be president!?
Only pc players can know this.
These are literally concentration camps where they brainwash them and force them to eat pig meat and drink alcohol and who knows what else. This was such a big thing in WW2 right? Why not now? Oh right...greed.
For a Muslim, everything lol.
Bloodlines wasn't Obsidian, it was Troika and that company wen't down under right after that game released.
Luna doesn't even work right 70% of the time. I'm getting way more consistent kills with Malfeasance than my Luna.
They should have at least made year 1 stuff viable. And also make strikes worth playing. I literally see no reason to play strikes other than doing the mandatory amount for the powerful gear.
The second fixed everything that was wrong with the first and then some.
Damn way too many steps for just a sniper rifle...
Can it one shot body with one rampage stack?
I'm on console and yeah it's still very inconsistent. You just can't win against a luna's howl with it. It's sad that the only meta right now is Dust rock blues-Luna/NF-Wardcliff. It's all I see in the crucible...
Also as a reminder, once you get to fabled even though you're not in that step yet it's actually retroactive so if you get below fabled don't worry about it because the game remembered and it will still count once you get to that step.
Swords in general also need to be in the energy slot or have their damage significantly increased.
Well bungie at least did say last week that they're planning to make sniper rifles being able to one shot supers.
I love it 😁
And whores. In the literal sense.
Moroccan....why am I not surprised...
This is beautiful.
Buying mods from Ada? lol how can we even get more than one of those schematics? You can get like 2 of them a week lol.
Yup, I did the same thing. The weapon is only good in point blank range or against large enemies, other than that I wouldn't use it in pvp ever.
I learned the same way. I guess if you'd drown then it would just mean that you're not cut out for life. Good way to weed out the weak tbh.
~*Laughs in Shards of Barrage*
Or just increase the cost and make them drop with random rolls.
Is wind the lower path? If so, it's definitely better just because of the neutral game. Stack 4(5 is redundant) grenade cooldown mods and use either arcbolts with lucky raspberry or skip grenades with shinobu's vow. You'll have an amazing uptime with your grenades this way. Either constant arcbolts if you're lucky or really fast recharge if you aren't along with even faster recharge if you kill someone and end up with low health which recharges it even faster. You can start almost every encounter with a grenade this way. Also fun in pve or gambit if you have a taken/fallen armaments mod which gives you heavy ammo if you kill something with a grenade.
The one with Opening shot 100%. Don't worry about kill clip because you'll almost never be able to utilize it since you need to have enough ammo to reload so those first 2 shots you have won't cut it. Kill clip on it is a trap.
Or it will come flying back like a dog with a stick.
That was your problem and not time slowing down because the earth stopped rotating??? 😂
Make them usable for normal gear too!
Yeah I remember it from the Superman movie.
Kinda reminds me of Cartman's cat from a very old episode. Disgusting tbh...
What about transgender Vandals? Widiks?
Why not the Acrius?
Yeah lol and sometimes he would give us the finger.
Kill clip + rampage combo is the god roll with Kindled Orchid.
I hope people will learn that this is what you get if there's no net neutrality.
Seems to me that this is a problem that is more so on Bungie's side. So far the public events along with the heroic versions have piss poor loot. Only reason I even do them now is for bounties and flashpoints.
Crimson Valor. Actually just use Crimson Valor on EVERYTHING YOU OWN!
I've never met these bow dudes in the crucible tbh. I think they work better in teams but should never be used in rumble imo. I agree that they're very situational.
You are correct there.
Kinda inaccurate. I don't think there are any women who are not into bondage.
haha mr. funny guy.
So....not first image look?
It's an invisible cone starting from the barrel of your gun that expands at longer ranges. Your bullets randomly travel in that cone towards your target which is the reason why your bullets won't always go where you aim. The cone is much bigger when you hipfire and even bigger when you jump and fire.
Yeah I meant that the bloom is the expansion of that cone. Bad wording I guess.
It's "METAphorical"
&gt;While Baron Cohen judged the interview too “dark” and “extreme” to be included in the show, No, he knew what would happen to him if he aired that. That's why he didn't do it.
And then there's the Flashpoint version which landed in the middle of a city. But that one doesn't count I guess.
It's the same thing as WoW for me. They look too kiddy so I stayed away. Really glad I did.
Then there's this quote by either Abraham Lincoln or Mark Twain: *"Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and to remove all doubt"*.
Ok I was too afraid to ask, but need to know now. Why are postal services leaving packages in front of your door if you're not at home? Why is this a thing? Aren't there nearby stores with postal services in them that they can deliver to instead if you're not at home or can't they come the next day? Where I'm from (Netherlands) this has never been a problem.
Just stay away from the 2-5% ones. 15-20% and higher actually work. But I find them a bit too expensive for what they are tbh.
I got it last week and the first thing I noticed was that I kept running out of primary ammo 😲 in this day and age...
His enterprise still exists. His sons are running the business now afaik. Capturing him made no difference, it's all a farce.
Not really. It allows for same ttk as luna's howl for 180rpm scouts which is nasty.
What about the suffering of dolphins and whales?
A good allround weapon that works great for both pve and pvp is the Bygones. Try to get one with outlaw and rampage. If it has arrowheadbreak put a rampage spec on it, if not then put a counterbalance mod on it.
Sorry mate, I need to know in what dimension I am.
Yamete senpai!
Her.... "whispering eye". I'm out.
Given that linear fusion rifles are in the heavy slot they really need to do more damage since they do about the same damage as snipers that are in the other two slots and I think they also have less ammo capacity too. Really makes no sense...
You're a cantaloupe!
Broken arms, safes, perfect 5/7, meta.
I was holding my breath.
If the cat won't kill you its upkeep will.
Yeah it's like he's his pimp or something lol
"suck my dick" is funny too 😂
Well....you could always just make a wish to skip it.
You can go straight to Riven if you want. There's also a wish that gives you one free key that you can use at the end.
Bitcoins.
Yeah that line is ruined for me. Whenever anything anyone says that starts with whether we wanted....
Once they find an efficient way to move in vr games I'll buy into it. For now it's still just a gimmick imo.
I won't call this easier but rather better. Also make swords go in the energy slot plz.
Honestly though I think magnificent howl is broken. Half the time it doesn't activate for me even though both lights are showing and I scored 2 crits.... And weirdly enough in pve when it procs it stays active for one or two seconds giving me multiple shots with the extra damage. Completely melts some minor bosses. I think it has the same bug that TLW had in D1.
Well I got a Tempered Dynamo last week from the raid with opening shot, liquid coils and high impact reserves along with amazing base stats, but that thing can't seem to get kills even if enemies are right in front of my face.... Stupid Ada made me waste all my materials on duplicate mods....
It sounds dumb because she doesn't get it....now that sounds dumb.
The Drifter constantly asks me if I'm ready to have sex with Sonic's friend Knuckles.
I know right? 😅
You know what's weird? In Gambit Queenbreaker performs so damn well, but when I use it in any other pvp scenario it feels like it has a noticeably less aim-assist than it has in Gambit.
This was amazing to watch 😂
More like 3 days tbh.
Maybe he's an introvert like many others and going to the gym is one of the few things he can do to mingle around other people without too much interaction. How is a person like that going to approach a new member? If the gym is empty he doesn't have to ask them when they're done with the machine/weights which for some people can be rather frightening. Why do you assume people are entitled when there could be so many other reasons?
The reason so few know about it is because not many people have 3 stacks of the same transmat effect. But yeah now we can pull them from our collections so that works.
Damn my eyes hurt reading that first line.
She's also a rapper and producer.
Caz? Here's her twitter: https://twitter.com/HAZMATCAZZ/status/1076619155535790080?s=19
Yeah, the best fusion rifle aside from Telesto is the Erentil. If you can get tap the trigger on it then you're set to go.
I've been doing this with quickfang on console for a while now and it's definitely more difficult and slower.
That was because Japanese people back in 1997 still had some "manliness" inside their hearts compared to today's virgin ass 2D loving pussies.
I literally just saw a new Samsung tv ambi-light commercial that does this.
It does remove radar and in most cases you will be dodging within 10 meters of an enemy since that's the activation radius, but when you think about it, it's actually useless because if you're within 5-10 meters (iirc) of another player you will show up on their inner circle of the radar which has no direction so even if they have no radar for a few seconds it won't make a difference anyway. No matter how you look at it this exotic is a useless trap. In my opinion they should have just given this exotic the same effect on enemies that happens when you initially tether an enemy where their aim goes upwards for a moment. Or just increase the dodge animation speed by 3 times or something.
There is no such thing as Youtube staff. They're all bots.
Isisnado
it baffles me that in this day and age we're still doing the whole peer to peer system.
Adaptive auto rifles (600rpm) are being slept on. I recently dropped my luna's and started using gnawing hunger and damn this thing is hella consistent. Still don't have the Suros catalyst but when I do.....you're all dead.
That one good scratch to your itchy back.
Kakashi's summon gang.
I prefer chalice because whenever I hear "cup" the word sounds too soft and I don't hear it. It's one of my least favorite words.
Turns out we were the aliens. The flood happened on Mars and Noah's Ark was a space ship. Prove me wrong 😁
Not sure how to be of help since I don't know how your hands function with the damage you have, but I can give some tips to improve from someone who plays on the ps4. Since you're a hunter I would suggest trying the Knucklehead radar, this alone will help you a lot with anticipating enemies that are about to turn a corner or enemies that are about to flank you while you're aiming. I'm a hunter main and this is the only exotic I use in pvp and has served me well in getting Luna's Howl and the Recluse. Getting the void points for Thorn I would suggest using the Ikelos handcannon in comp. It's the fastest way to get your points and it's a very consistent weapon to get kills with. Don't use Crimson, the time to kill on that weapon is horrendous which is why you never see anyone use it anymore. The state the game is in right now on consoles only the 180rpm handcannons are worth using, even once you unlock Ace, TLW and Thorn you'll quickly notice how hard it is to connect shots with them. Lowering your sensitivity is not a bad idea, but then you'll have to rely more on your radar and adjust your placement on the map so other players can't get the drop on you which Knucklehead radar will help you with. I keep my sensitivity at the default setting but in your case it might be better to have it lower. If you notice you're getting better then slowly start increasing your sensitivity again. As a general rule always try to play defensive and never challenge more than one opponent at the same time. Playing like a coward rewards you the most in this game and doing it like that you'll notice your k/d will be much better as well. Try it out and let me know if this helps you in any way. I'm pretty sure it will.
Well I did it when everyone else was doing the quest so comp was filled with people using that handcannon. Took me about 3 matches to complete that step iirc. Just saying that this weapon will give you the fastest completion if you're good with it.
As a hunter that doesn't use shotguns I never ever get into cqc situations. Titans will shit on you with their one-shot melees and anyone else running shotguns will also eat you alive. The theory behind this build is sound but in practice it just doesn't work as well as advertised sadly. Also maybe it's better to switch out sealed ahamkara grasps with Liar's handshake if you do intend to use this style of play.
Which public holiday? All I know is the holiday that comes after Ramadan.
&gt; It works just as well in person but, face-to-face, you have to also avoid nodding, moving your hands and you have to look them directly in the eyes. I can already imagine how it would look like and it will look awkward af.
&gt;Buffing scout rifle damage is tough to do The problem with scouts is mainly that the 200rpm scouts need 2 crits and two body while the 180rpm's also need 2 crits and 2 body. So the 200rpm archetypes are objectively better than the 180's. The issue is what you said though, we can't increase their ttk because then we'll have a problem. So the only thing I can come up with is to make the 180rpm's retain the amount of shots to kill but make them more forgiving and maybe increase their aim assist and base stability a bit more.
Damn I don't think this will see much use....at least Liar's handshake is extremely good in pve on a pure melee build but this.....I had hoped at least that it would kill a guardian with a middle tree corrosive smoke with the dot. Thanks for making videos on this for us.
Only thing I noticed is that the range buff basically turns it into an accurate sniper for that one shot. Oh I'm talking about Luna's howl so NF definitely even better then.
&gt;The damage increase affects only non-precision damage, but the bonus range is applied regardless. The massive range increase also works for precision shots. It's only the extra damage that is for body shots. And I can tell you the range increase basically turns that 3rd shot like it's a sniper rifle shot with pin point accuracy.
The archetype didn't change. They only decreased the rpm and increased the damage to be the same as the lightweight rpm. It's still a precision handcannon archetype.
I would say Supremacy but this thing does have a pretty big scope for its low zoom.
That damn perk hasn't dropped for me since the beginning of Forsaken. kms....also happy cake day.
I play comp for the same reason I used to play quickplay. It's less competitive and the maps were designed for 4vs4 matches. Only issue right now is all you see are sniper rifles lol and I'm one of them 😅
Am I the only one that noticed not a single difference between the two times he got shot? The reticule moved around just as much both times.
What lights?
Oh those things. Damn rando's never gave me a chance to pick them up....
Nothing on bloom.....also Datto did all console players a disservice for not asking about it lol.
Why did I read "prize" as "pizza"? Was confused when I saw the snake.
There was patch a pretty long time ago when they changed it so it would tether supers on impact like you described.
That would be really cool. Don't forget about Crimson.
The curated kindled orchid is also a good alternative.
Check [this](http://db.planetdestiny.com/items/weapons?tier=8) site out for all the stats and hidden stats like aim assist. I occasionally use the year 1 Anniella sniper rifle that has opening shot, high handling and one of the highest aim assist stats.
What confuses me the most is the fact that Destiny 2 doesn't have dedicated servers and they still wanna push for it. I think that if they do finally move away from peer to peer that it might be viable but who knows at this point.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Hope it works out for you.
Here you go Trump. You got your wall.
Meanwhile warlocks got two amazing ones in a row...
It's still not enough in my opinion. This weapon was left back in year 1 along with Crimson, Polaris Lance and Graviton Lance. They need more because right now there are legendary weapons that are better. Crimson just needs its ttk slightly balanced so it's in line with other handcannons, Sunshot's sunblasts should do way more damage, I mean we got the Oxygen which is a legendary that has better explosions. Sun blasts should do enough damage in pvp to kill nearby guardians. Graviton Lance needs a better rpm and slightly more damaging void projectiles that track a bit further. Polaris Lance needs its perfect 5th do more damage and have its timer removed so it stays active until you shoot and needs to be an instant explosion instead of the delayed explosion. I think these are fair changes to mix the game up a bit considering we have way more powerful weapons already.
But other than the boobs she was generic as hell lol.
I got one with eye of the storm and opening shot. If you stand in some vex milk on Nessus you can see the aiming reticule getting tighter and tighter as you get damaged up to the point where it almost looks similar to handcannon reticules on pc. Still it's a 140rpm handcannon and getting aim increasing perks on it for console just to make it viable is not a good thing. I used mine in one match and promptly vaulted it.
You get more ammo from the grenade kills if you also have a machine gun reserves perk.
Scavenger perks don't, but reserves perk *definitely* do. For example normally I get only 1 round for my 1k voices when I kill a Fallen with a grenade and fallen armaments mod. But with a fusion rifle reserves perk on my helmet I get 2 rounds for my 1k voices when I kill them with a grenade.
Works with grenade launchers too.
You know, as someone on console I can say for sure that the targeting helm perks and mods don't do anything either....
I've never had a scout with firmly planted. Which scouts can roll with it? I need to know as it sounds perfect for middle tree Nightstalkers.
Damn I need that vouchsafe but that thing has only dropped like twice for me since Forsaken came out.... Wish it was available in the menagerie....hopefully in the heroic version.
Trust, Luna, NF and even a 600rpm autorifle like the gnawing hunger works very well, hell even Malfeasance is pretty good at range due to the 5th shot explosion. If you want to use Kindled Orchid then the curated roll is the best way to go.
Coldheart with the catalyst and Wavesplitter are the ones to use since their ttk is faster than lens. They're ok weapons but weirdly when others use them against me I die near instantly but when I use them it feels like I'm just using a slow auto rifle.....so I stopped using them.
The 180rpm scouts are in a really bad place right now. They have the same bullets to kill as a 200rpm scout so there is no reason to use a 180rpm scout unless it's the No feelings with box breathing.
The 180rpm scouts are in a really bad place right now. They have the same bullets to kill as a 200rpm scout so there is no reason to use a 180rpm scout unless it's the No feelings with box breathing.
By itself yeah I agree that it sucks, but I tried it with an enhanced flinching perk and it's much more noticeable that way.
lol it's the Halloween cloak.
Well for some reason when I use it it feels like the flinch I get flinches me towards my opponent's head netting me free kills that way. I don't have that with any other sniper rifle so far.
Anyone remember armor piercing rounds?
It's not about getting gud. It's just boring as hell to grind for it.
I've used the TLW with my No Feelings scout that has box breathing. It served me very well for a long while. Now I'm back to sniping.
You're not wrong.
Well it's possible that with the September update they might make every armor piece retrievable from the collections because perks will no longer be present and will be replaced with mods. Bungie specifically said that they want players to look how they want without being forced to use something else just because it has more desirable perks.
&gt;regens Melee energy either as a chunk on kill Actually it granted melee energy just by doing damage with it. Getting kills had a chance to give you your melee back.
I don't get it. Is it the ass you see from the thumbnail or am I missing something as per usual?
Helmet is refurbished black armory, cloak is mercury vex chrome.
Which movie was this from?
I would like to see one of the challenges turn one guardian in the team into an enemy with boosted stats kinda like a gambit invader. But the enemy guardian needs incentives to be the enemy so pre-made teams can't exploit it or something like that.
LOL this one takes the cake.
I'm hoping they'll allow us to pull any and all armor from the collections after September.
I prefer to use both at the same time. It's nice when your aim isn't that good for a particular shot and the flinch actually helps you score a headshot lol.
The 10% was actually a leftover from year 1 before they buffed Sturm. Overcharged bullets gave you that 10% buff back then iirc.
My Awoken got that dent on his chin that I desperately want to get rid off....
Might as well use the gambit Night Watch scout. It's basically like the Mida but can have amazing perks. Mine has rapid hit and multi-killclip and this thing for some reason shoots targets that are much further than scouts can even handle. It's also my go-to invader weapon.
imo this should stay. It's more fun this way. But I think they'll fix it before the heroic version comes out.
Which shader on that helmet? Holy hell that looks dope af.
Damn I remember this one from like 16 years ago. Still good.
Why is this tagged as nsfw? lol.
It should do more damage but not one shot anyone. In D1 you could shoot once with a handcannon and follow up with a throwing knife for the kill. It was perfect back then but now throwing one in pvp and them surviving it just means I'm dead.
What about year 1 and 2 armor? Will the year 2 armor be obsolete just like the year 1 armor was when year 2 came around? Should we even do the upcoming Solstice event for the new solstice armor sets because just like last year they'll become obsolete as well?
How many rounds can this launcher hold without fieldprep? I have one with fieldprep and it gives me 17 rounds total. 19 with one grenade launcher reserves perk.
Yup, just used one for the auto rifle kills for Iron Banner and it made me fall in love with autos again. It had tap the trigger and kill clip. Very accurate at further ranges too.
I've seen a lot of Drang's in pvp lately doing really good so I keep inspecting these people's loadouts to see their rolls and all of them always have full auto on them. Normally I never use weapons with the full auto perk as it's a wasted perk essentially but I think in this case it might affect the gun in a positive manner.
I wonder what bugs were introduced with the update.
So does opening shot.
The thing about range though is that with more range on a weapon the better the aim assist works at longer ranges. It appears that aim assist doesn't kick in when you're too close. [Here](https://youtu.be/nzuameBcOcA?t=5m41s) is a video showing exactly what I mean. I time stamped it.
Liquid coils, under pressure and tap the trigger are the ones you need to go for.
Oh I didn't know that. I'll include that from now on. Cheers.
Or they could just turn all year 1 and 2 armor into ornaments that you can get from the collections just like the Eververse armors.....
I'm on console and I've always played with sensitivity 3. The only weapons that I can't use well enough like everyone else are shotguns. These last two days I switched to 5 and it completely messed up my sniper shots so just now I switched back to 3 and I'm happier for it. You just need to adjust your playstyle to it by way of making sure nobody can flank you. I do this by religiously using my Knucklehead radar every match I go into so nobody can get the jump on me. Hell whenever I play other fps games on pc I still use the arrow keys instead of wasd (I know I'm a monster) and still perform very well. My plan for when Destiny 3 comes out is to immediately start with sensitivity 5 and go through the game with that until I'm fully used to it. At this point it will ruin your gameplay for a long time until you can get used to a new sensitivity so I personally wouldn't do it but it's up to you. Flick aiming is basically dragging your scope along the enemy's head and shoot. When your reticule gets to their head it will momentarily slow down a bit due to aim assist/bullet magnetism which makes it easy to hit them. See it as a mini-game like having a horizontal gauge and there is a ball in the gauge going fast from left to right and you need to press the button when the ball is right at the middle position.
Loved that game so much.
Yeah tripmines need to be like they used to in early D1. Also nearly all hunter grenades suck so much. Arcbolt is the only one that's good and maybe skip grenades with shinobu's vow with a bow, but other than that hunters really have bad grenades. Nightstalker got the worst of it, voidwall basically an rng grenade lol and spike grenade...who even falls for that one? ugh but still though as a hunter main I do think that OHKO throwing knives are too strong, they just need to do a lot more damage so they can have their old D1 functionality back with shooting one bullet and throwing a knife. btw don't forget the super OP flux grenades whahahaahaha 😂 kms
Tether says hello.
A game on the Sega megadrive called two crude dudes.
[Insert kurwa here]
It's way to situational in this particular case and barely has any uptime due to cooldowns even though you can use a dodge to get the melee back. Maybe ok as a shotgunner since you'll be close up most of the time but then again why would you ever give up your stompees for this useless thing?
Those damn heat seeking shield throws have killed many unaware hunters around corners or even the other side of the map lol. Ridiculous.
It's the Revoker pinnacle sniper.
Damn mosquitoes can have their way with me however they want, but for the love of god stay away from my ears when I'm sleeping.
Yeah I read the same thing. I always use remote connection now which is far more useful than a little extra aim assist that may or may not break the gun.
Yes it does.
Yeah most of it is anecdotal evidence. I mean I used to have a bite of the fox with opening shot and had major issues getting headshots that should have been headshots and once I removed the targeting adjuster mod and sniper rifle acquisition perks on my helmet I suddenly got my shots back. I've heard many others having the same issues that got fixed by removing these bonuses. We don't quite know how aim assist works tbh, I mean the Queenbreaker for example was also crazy before the nerf and we didn't even know that the scope itself also had its own aim assist on top until they nerfed it.
Pulse rifles are the best overal weapons in the game. Early Forsaken everyone had a Bygones in comp. Pulse rifles have too much range so scouts can't compete with them.
Pulse rifles are the best overal weapons in the game. Early Forsaken everyone had a Bygones in comp. Pulse rifles have too much range so scouts can't compete with them.
Or a sword block.
Shuro Chi checkpoint solo. Use the wish to get there.
I guess you could also use a backup mag mod.
I guess the tighter reticule is at least an indicator.
Ammo is possibly an issue there. Shuro Chi is also unlimited if you kill yourself. It really has a lot of enemies. You don't even need to aim to get kills lol.
Some youtubers tested that perk and the bonus to handling it gave while in the air was barely noticeable if at all present. I think your austringer would work just the same without that perk tbh.
"In a while crocodile" sounds much better imo.
Targeting adjuster only adds +5 aim assist though. Not nearly enough to make such a difference. I mean I used to have that mod on my Luna's and after taking it off I suddenly could land my shots again so....I dunno....I'm on console so maybe that's a huge factor.
Counterbalance all the way without question.
Not so easy to pull off against a moving target.
You can also hunter dodge through it apparently.
Yeah but you can't farm it as much.
I think the best buff for that right now is to simply put Whisper and Darci in the energy slot. Hell even put swords in the energy slot for that matter since we got shotguns already there anyway...
In D1 with Khepri's you could have an infinite stealth build. I remember making a video about it on how to do it. Fun times and they never fixed it.
&gt;swap to Stompees. on console? 😂🙄
This is some good stuff. Even your other drawings are amazing. Loving the Reverie dawn hunter stuff.
Yeah chicken errors and contacting Destiny servers and such right now.....
I think at this point they might as well leave the chest glitch as it is. By now everyone already has their god roll and aside from doing the heroic menagerie once for the catalyst or until you get the sword you want and triumphs I don't see any reason to keep doing it instead of the regular menagerie.
Whenever something unpleasant needed to be done all of a sudden I was the oldest brother but any other day nobody ever gave a fuck about age... But the worst part is that I constantly get pressured to marry by so many in the family and my brothers who are only slightly younger than me get a pass because the oldest needs to be the one to do it first. They don't want to either so their excuse is always that they're waiting on me....
Anything to get more chests than one. Also they should change the menagerie's loot pool every once in a while. Nobody goes for the smgs anyway....(aside from calus minitool for the triumph)
Well then there are the leaks from anonthenine that in Destiny 3 we might have our guardians choose between light and dark and that there will be a pvp mechanic like the dark zone in the Division where these guardians can fight each other in an open work environment. I really hope this to happen.
Well I had hoped at least that the heroic version would have its own loot pool. I see no reason for anyone to do the heroic version more than needed.
Doing it the first time will get you the Izanagi catalyst guaranteed and also there is a chance to get a class specific sword when you kill the boss and the chest has a chance to give you a ship. Also the first weapon you get from the chest that is powerful will also give you another of that weapon that is masterworked. That's about it really.
I think it only works with bottom tree arcstrider due to the damage reduction the dodge gets.
High sensitivity is what you need first. And as mentioned before Deicyde has really good videos and reviews so I highly recommend you watch his vids too.
Trace rifles aren't fusion rifles so no.
Money.
Looks like something out of Rick and Morty.
Yeah I heard this thing has crazy hipfire accuracy. Maybe stick a pointer to the middle of your screen lol.
I still want my techno viking dance.....
The one with slideshot and quickdraw is the near god roll. Full choke would have been good too and accurized rounds
I see no capes flailing around. Where are the hunters? Apartheid in the golden age?
It looks cool af but it's actually a severe detriment.
This is an everything build. The stats at least. You should never go higher than 3 intellect and if you're a hunter you don't need strength because you can get your melee back by simply dodging. Most hunter grenades aren't good so also no need to invest in discipline, which leaves only resilience and that stat just needs to be at a minimum of tier 3 which you can get without even trying.
Aim assist is a really weird stat in this game. It has its own sweetspot to activate on weapons depending on what range the weapon has and what weapon type it is. But recently through my own testing I found (and this is anecdotal) that aim assist is tied to ping, but in a reverse kind of way. My brother has his ps4 down stairs and mine is in my room so when we go into a private match our ping is as low as can be since we're on the same network. This right here made it so that even if I aim at his legs at mid range it would often register as a crit. I then tested it with the hunter's new throwing knife and no matter what I did I just couldn't get a body shot with it. It was always a crit. Then I asked a North American friend of mine to join up and tried the same tests and I immediately found out that there was way less aim assist with my spare rations and throwing knives. Something really funky is going on and I personally think that it's Bungie's way of combatting bad connections since the game doesn't have dedicated servers. Anyways take this all with a grain of salt since I can't prove any of it aside from my own tests. Edit: [Here's](https://streamable.com/hm72w) a video showing the throwing knife aim assist when low ping is involved
Ok I'll make a quick video later with my brother showing you how the knife never misses the head no matter where I aim. I'll let you know.
Here it is: https://streamable.com/hm72w The leg crit was obviously hyperbole. It definitely has increased aim assist but nothing crazy like shooting a leg to get a crit lol. But as you can see in the video the throwing knife is really funky, these kinda throws rarely happen in regular pvp unless I'm the host of a match but there is no way of knowing which person is the host in Destiny because the peer to peer system this game has is a bit different than games like Call of duty have (i.e. no host migrations if the host leaves). In any given match some people will have more aim assist while other have less. This was on ps4 btw.
😁
There is nothing indicating time travel yet. They didn't go to Alpha Centauri since there is only one sun when there should be more.
Nah didn't sound jerkish, I understand wanting to see proof so we all good bro.
Yeah I'm on ps4 on that video, but the other player is my brother who's in the same house in a private match so my theory is that there is more aim assist when ping is low because those crazy knife throws don't happen so often in regular matches.
Here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GSi7WIqJkU
Nope. All I use are kontrolfreeks.
[Renegade - Syx](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXhuso4OTG4)
For me it's just one night stands. It's funny how initially they all want something more than just casual sex but it's always what they really want in the end. Anyways my best friend met someone through online dating and married her, I was the best man and they've been married for about 4 years now and got a daughter on the way. So yeah sometimes it works out. I don't go out much so online dating is my way of meeting new people. These days I try to avoid sex on the first date and just want to have a good time with someone, I feel like that leaves with way more fulfillment now then ever. I guess I'm getting old...
It happens 100% of the time if you use the new season pass ornament cape.
It happens 100% of the time if you use the new season pass ornament cape.
This guy got integrated stompees.
Here: https://d2.asun.co/drifter/ Now he can call you anything you want whenever you want. I like the Whoo's.
Thanks, I hope this helps.
Midgar sector 7? Shit's about to go down.
Yeah I don't know what else to say. You can try different dating apps and see if that works. I have more success when I'm in different cities than the one I live in. I live all the way in the south of the Netherlands near the German border and most my matches are from bigger cities that are an hour or two away from me. Usually we meet halfway.
Just tested this with hunter way of wraith's flawless execution and sadly it doesn't count as a crit in this case.
The "warranty is void if you remove sticker" on products. It's legal to put the sticker on it but it's illegal to enforce it.
One day it'll be loli's. Japan step it up before it's too late! 😄
Actually lightweight frames give +2 tiers of mobility for your dodge cooldown, but those weapons only seem to give +1 tier of mobility for movement speed. Here's someone who made a video about it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OvwbW6kQYU.
Can't go higher than 100.
It used to give +2 mobility tiers, after bungie fixed it it became +5 visible and +10 invisible. My mobility is always at 93 without lightweight weapons and the dodge cooldown is at 9 seconds even though it says tier 9 mobility with 12 seconds. This guy did in depth tests on it with jumps and cooldowns https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OvwbW6kQYU and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKwH7GCHXRM.
I spam a minimum of 100 per day.
I noticed that zen moment barely does anything on high rate of fire weapons, the same goes for the new hunter perk knock em down that also increases stability. The only stability perk that does seem to work well with everything is firmly planted.
With a precision bow with quick access sling mod.
I think that many year 1 exotics are still underperforming and are not worth it and there hasn't been any kind of pass to buff them in a long while.
Mine has rapid hit and multi kill clip, I put an icarus grip mod on it.
I want my hunter to get that cool poncho that [Uldren](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dfgne6RWkAAc5AF.jpg) has in his concept art.
All sidearms have that issue even though they increased aim assist across the board for sidearms. But yeah vestian dynasty always felt off. Try Lonesome instead.
Walls that can open like doors used to.
The funny thing about unlocking the revoker is that by the time you unlock it you are already used to whatever sniper you used to unlock it lol. I used the Supremacy and for the life of me dislike the Revoker so much compared to what I know and trust.
You can get it from the chest at the shuro chi checkpoint. Try with each character every week. That's 3 chances to get it each week.
Foetracer has been broken since Forsaken launched and for some reason most people don't seem to realize that. It doesn't even track half the time. Hell you can even see it happen in that Aztecross video at 2:43. We just need it fixed first and maybe as a buff make it so that whatever weapon you have equipped gets a passive range buff whenever you aim.
Yeah now it's better to only have one perk that is for range whether it's your barrel perk, extra perk or a masterwork stat. All other perks should focus more on stability now for the extra consistency.
I think it's from mmorpg games back in the day.
That was funny af. Thanks for bringing this to this sub.
Ah totally forgot about that one.
I used to do 10 push ups for every death in Dark Souls 1. When Dks2 came out I made it a habit to go to the gym and now I go 5-6 times a week for several years already. Nobody can guess I'm a nerdy 34yo gamer who looks like he's 25 😅.
That knife had your name on it.
Didn't expect that it would get such a big laugh out of me. Thanks for that.
Fuck yeah, fellow swole boys unite! 🦾
Finder perks just mean that there is a chance the enemy drops an extra glowing ammo brick. Scavenger perks give you more ammo when you pick up ammo bricks. Currently there is a bug in the game that lets ammo finder perks have a chance to drop an extra special brick if they also happen to drop a regular special brick.
I've successfully changed tires 3 times in my life and I still don't know how to change tires.
I don't know man, I already did it 3 times in my life. God will have pity on me by now.
From my own testing not too long ago I came to the conclusion that aim assist and its severity is tied to ping, but in an inverse way. The lower the ping is in a match the more aim assist there is. Makes no sense but if you saw my throwing knife video that I did with my brother on the same network you'll believe me. Also in any pvp match whoever is the host usually has the best aim assist but it's hard to know who that person is but much easier in rumble matches since there are a limited amount of players. It's one of those times when you win every engagement and all your shots connect like the stars aligned for just you. It's a terrible system.
Here you go: https://streamable.com/hm72w Notice the extreme aim assist. Couldn't get a body shot off no matter what I tried. We were on the same home network. I later asked a clan mate to join who lived far away and was easily able to score body shots. Should have included that too now that I think about it.
The curated one is better. For the barrels always go for either full choke or rifled barrel. Accurized and assault mag for the middle perk and slide shot and quickdraw for the two main perks. But quickdraw is definitely the best perk to have on this shotgun though.
Yup, that sounds a lot like my situation whenever I play with my brother as a fireteam. He's slightly below average and I'm a above average but when we play together we slay.
Kinda similar to the Heavy which makes it only better.
They said late January along with the Terminator event.
I switch around with Spare rations and Not forgotten while also sometimes using the curated Kindled Orchid for the two taps. I think consistency is the most important factor on handcannons on console. If Thorn wasn't so clunky it would be my go-to weapon for everything tbh, not enough people know that Thorn is also an amazing pve weapon. One thing that I noticed though is some people rocking Crimson and absolutely slaying with it but have no idea how they're doing it or if they figured out some secret about it because when I use it I feel like a potato.
lol this sounds a lot like console too. The main problem is that the maps were designed for 4v4 and are simply too small for 6v6. There are almost never 1v1 engagements. Even the reprised D1 maps are too small now because gameplay in D2 is far more fast paced than D1 ever was. There is only one map in D2 that is perfect in all ways and that's Eternity and that particular map almost never comes up....
Mesa will shit on everyone.
Good job, I hated that guy because he would always guard.
This got a good chuckle out of me.
I feel kinda bad because I played the hell out of this game and got the best gear and build I could get but only played the first dlc and it kinda ruined it for me because it basically invalidated all my old gear and I had to start over again basically and I knew it was going to happen again twice more. It's the one aspect of looter based games that I despise and it's the nr1 reason a game like Ghost recon breakpoint was a huge flop. I think this game will be the most enjoyable to start if you buy it a year later when all the dlc and patches are released but who the hell's gonna wait that long lol. It's gonna happen again in Nioh 2 but at least I'll have Cyberpunk 2077 just around the corner to look forward to.
It's a prequel.
I'm probably going to go with two single katanas in Nioh 2 simply because I hate having my character model being cluttered with all kinds of weapons on his back. I wish there was an option to hide equipped weapons that you're not using similar to hiding your helmet.
You can go even beyond that by simply going for 90 mobility with traction on your boots and Sixth Coyote for double dodges which effectively gives you a 4.5 seconds cooldown between dodges if you alternate and having double perpetuation mods on your capes can maybe decrease it by another second.
Too bad you can't *spot* him when he bench presses.
I don't have the shakes but lately for some reason I've started holding my breath whenever I get into engagements in rumble matches. It's starting to affect me negatively at this point and don't know how it started and why I'm unconsciously doing it.
I think most people figured it out at episode 4 when they saw the two kids at the party.
Lucifer caught me by surprise. Love that character, but then Ezra Miller!
It's probably like one extra frame because I never noticed any difference in parry timing tbh.
Yeah I was the one who made the video with the throwing knife getting long range crits while aiming at the feet. From my understanding the main problem is the way aim assist works in general. It's based on connection. The more people there are in a match the worse aim assist gets, you playing in a low ping environment? Everyone gets more aim assist. This is why private matches are unreliable for aim assist testings imo. I do think that both weighted knife and definitely HHSN are busted as hell but throwing knife at least is basically rng depending on connection whether it will give you a miracle kill or not which is a problem in its own right imo and no game should have such a system in place at all. I mean I had a ricochet kill once that was as if that player had killed my knife's family and the knife trained his whole life for revenge lol. Hate myself for forgetting to record that.
There is a sweetspot for aim assist that ties in with range. More range on a weapon means that the sweetspot is at longer ranges as well.
I think it's the same with circumcision. Back then it was progressive but in today's society where almost everyone has access to a shower it's not needed as much anymore. Then again you'd be surprised how many people are still highly unhygienic today...(really think the Japanese culture was on to something when they invented bowing instead of handshakes)
Yeah I guess everything's to be expected. People are monkeys after all...
You don't have to be invisible for this, you just need to smoke yourself so this even works with middle tree nightstalker. Best way to use it is with Monte Carlo so you keep getting your smoke back and a sniper in your other slot for those wallhack snipes which also give you invis and wallhacks when you run middle tree. Great synergy that way.
Who you gonna believe, me or your lying eyes?
In the end we all be like https://i.imgur.com/XHYmYhz.gif
I-I don't get it?
That bird saw the snake and still wen't back in....
Damn that is so cool. I can see it being a hybrid of both handcannon and slug shotgun that you can switch between.
The only buff autos and scouts need is a higher body shot damage imo. also the 180rpm scout rifles have the same ttk as 200rpm scout rifles which makes them inferior in every way except for no feelings with box breathing.
Gunning for Redrix only to never use it once you have it. Sounds like what this game is all about lol.
If I remember correctly it's a quest that you can get from Sloane on Titan.
Warframe.
Yeah happens immediately if you use the graceful spin emote.
Thanks man, always fun to try out new things and make them work. As for supers middle tree roaming is clearly the best. top tree Shadowshot is near useless in my opinion because it still activates too late even if you get a direct hit with it. Using it as a trap also doesn't work because it's so obvious to spot and it pings on the radar as well. Bottom tree super at least has some use as it can get multiple kills but sadly it has no tracking at all so I just use it when I'm really close.
It's a very forgiving weapon that is easy to use and the one you can buy from the Drifter has good rolls so many people still use that one.
lol I'm willing to bet a kidney that we won't get anything worthwhile for all that hard work. Maybe an emblem or one of the two secret triumph's.
aargh apparently he stopped selling it for a long while now lol. Haven't played gambit since I got Hush. But no matter you can still farm them from the Mars obelisk bounties that you can get from Mars or the Tower.
There is the correct way to do it and then there's the way this crazy woman is doing. It's all about the delivery baby 😜
You're gonna do it anyway with all the cool new games coming out in a couple of months.
It works brilliantly because it allows you to flank so easily and it promotes solo play away from your team without being a detriment.
In this video I used a pulse but since then I switched to a sniper but I noticed with the kind of build that it is I rarely use the sniper to begin with because I'm constantly on the move with Ratking.
Really hoped for more changes than this given how long we had to wait....
lol this reminds me of the African rebel videos where a guy pretending to be an African rebel with the accent scaring kids who mock him with their personal info. It's hilarious and here it is in case you didn't see it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JG9rDsHBYI4 The one where he calls the kid's mom is funny af too.
Well there goes that title...
Let's eat some gohan.
What's wrong with eating some food?
Tasting fear off these kids is not hilarious? Well damn...
I feel like I'm cursed and cannot for the life of me find any armor that emphasizes mobility+recovery.
Just found out that there is a ps2 game based on this movie called 7 Blades lol.
Or "wait for it" Star Citizen 😂😂😂😂😥
What could Khvostov do what other legendary autorifles, scout rifles and pulse rifles could not do?
A vacuum cleaner and an AK. He seems like a well rounded person that you can rely upon tbh. Just not too sure what to think about a Warlock with a "pyramid" shaped necklace.
[Oh valley of plenty oh valley of plenty oh valley of plenty](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bS4Q-WWyl3Q)
Didn't Ian McKellen cry on the set of The Hobbit for the same reason?
If my Doctor Stone is correct kneeling to tie your shoe laces will get you killed.
ayy fellow man of culture &lt;3
Thank you. The Japanese version is way better than those British voices lol.
Yeah perpetuation on hunters is definitely not the way to go imo. Especially if you're already a 100 mobility hunter. Distribution requires you to be near enemies. I personally get the most value from either Enhanced Bomber+Bomber or 2x Outreach.
Who you gonna believe? Me or your lying eyes?
I don't want to start this again but there is a common consensus that opening shot conflicts with anything that increases aim assist such as a targeting adjuster mod. It's because opening shot maxes out the aim assist for that first shot and things like targeting adjuster may or may not increase it past 100 aim assist but instead it resets the aim assist from zero. So don't wear helmet mods that increase its aim assist either and see how it works now. Anyway you should've put an icarus mod on it to begin with which will give you pinpoint accuracy when in the air.
If you already have opening shot you don't really need targeting adjuster anyway because opening shot maxes out the aim assist stat.
Make sure to take those mods off if you use a weapon with opening shot along with the targeting adjuster. You'll start to notice you're hitting your shots again after that.
Yeah there is zero evidence for it but there is also zero evidence against it. All I know is that lots of people are missing shots they're not supposed to when opening shot is combined with aim assist increasing stuff. The problem is that we don't know exactly how much aim assist makes a difference because it can't be properly tested by anyone. Only Bungie knows.
1) There are plenty of videos out there from top tier players that miss their shots and are all wtf about it. Way more on consoles due to bloom and such but also on pc players. 2) I recently made a video showcasing how messed up aim assist is on a private match with my brother who happens to be on the same home network and it turned out that in a low ping environment there is way more aim assist. So yeah tried it with a friend who lives on another continent and there was much less aim assist. The problem is definitely with the game's mechanics and netcode. This game can never be considered competitive when every engagement is basically a roll of the dice on who gets better hit registration unless there are some kind of dedicated servers.
Maybe the bowl is made out of a material that he has an allergy for or something? Just spitballing here.
Great man. Now wait for the next boss and the next and the next 😅 btw there is a shortcut right before the Onryoki boss. Hope you didn't missed that.
Looks like that place on Doctor Stone. Better stay away from it before that witch lady gets ya.
I'm Black Adapter.
Just a couple more colors and we can start our own little Adapter squad.
Well, you're aware of the problem and know what the cause is. You're already two steps ahead. I don't know your situation so I can only give general advice. Talk to your significant other about it, think about what you want out of the relationship and ask him/her what they want and figure it out together. Communication is key.
My first thought after reading this was you driving in circles all night long while asleep lol.
Robocop 2, when the badguy robot shows his robo dong to his gf.
Where is the nun with the bell?
Wow one week? I'm currently out of the country and can't play for two weeks. Guess I'm shit outta luck.... Thanks Ubi terrific work!
It's a phone app called pixaloop. Pretty easy to use.
It's an app called Pixaloop. Very easy to use and fun.
Telesto: "If I'm going down I'm taking you all with me."
I think if you get the gun from your collections it won't have the catalyst in it yet. Am not too sure about it though.
The funny thing in that picture is that Arnold is holding a cable with a button in his other hand to activate the laser. Back then they didn't have the means to use a "high powered" laser sight like that.
An apology won't do shit..
I'm pretty sure anything that resembles a staff of any kind(bo, naginata etc.), will most likely fall under the spears category. If we get new weapons then they'll be something completely different than what we already have, so kama's resemble the kusarigama's too much even though they don't have the chain and even then they also resemble the dual axes which we already have. Pistols I definitely see as a possibility since there are already enemies that use them. Sword and shield might be possible too I suppose, or claws/knuckleduster and hopefully reverse grip daggers/ninjato's of some kind.
Bloodborne but also kinda Ninja Gaiden 2 since that game basically had a scythe that switches when you take it out. Which leads me to believe that a new weapon could possibly be something like claws or nunchucks since those were also in Ninja Gaiden along with some weapons we already have which were all from Ninja Gaiden.
Been a while since I saw this meme. We need more of it everywhere.
Weird, whenever I have that balaclava with any headset equipped I can't see the microphone. Did they fix that with the patch?
Only way to use it for me at least is with a quick access sling mod so I can quickly switch to a primary handcannon for the cleanup. On console you won't find its unique perk helpful at all because of bloom. It's the only bow with opening shot so that's why I use it compared to subtle calamity.
Golem Cape now has magazine pouches that can't be colored. Please revert it to how it was.
I'm hoping it will have premade loadouts you can choose from before each match.
Back in the day people thought it had a hidden perk that was basically an icarus perk.
Not a native English speaker but I always use English subs for whatever I watch instead of my own language simply because I sometimes can't hear what they are exactly saying.
For some reason I read that as One-eyed Pimp.
July will bring Ghost of Tsushima. I'll join the protests if it delays, but I won't.
I'm guessing those are the crafted ones, they are not available to us yet.
This also speaks volumes on how recruitment to the police force is a joke. These people were given power and all they do is abuse it. Just like gun control there should also be cop control. People that are actually sane human beings should ever be allowed to have firearms and be able to be admitted to be a cop.
I just started playing Phantasy Star Online 2 now since it's free to play. It's a pretty good game if you can look past the huge amount of mechanics. I'm just biding my time until Ghost of Tsushima comes out and then shortly thereafter the Nioh 2 dlc.
Waiting. But then I found out that impatience is regulated by the prefrontal cortex in your brain and a child's brain hasn't fully developed yet which explains why I hated waiting. It's also the same reason why excessive use of coke is the reason why coke junks are very impatient because coke degenerates your prefrontal cortex.
He's getting better.
Double headed slice is the one you really need to get. It drops from Tokichiro. It does high damage and if you put an arcana skill like lightning on it it has a very fast status build-up. Also it looks cool af since it combines both your blades into a double bladed sword like Darth Maul's lightsaber.
I think both of them. But don't worry there is a trick to farming it easily. Just do the mission normally and make sure you rest at the last shrine, then go to the boss and fight him. If he doesn't drop the skill, don't finish the mission, instead go to the menu and from there go to the game's main menu and then continue to load back in the game and you'll be back at the last shrine because that's where the game saved last. Keep doing that until you get what you want. This works for pretty much anything in the game.
Yeah, once you beat the game, you will get way of the strong by pressing the square button in the chapter/area select screen, from there you can switch between both modes whenever you like on the map. Way of the strong has new rewards as well. When the dlc drops we'll get another harder mode that comes after way of the strong. The dojo missions are also harder and have better rewards in harder modes.
Hi Chris Hansen, I like you and I want you. Now we can do this the easy way or the hard way.
What about equality?
They're dying because they rather want 2d girls than 3d ones.
All I want is the same amount of cool stuff that women get lol. Males get 1/3rd of what females get. Yeah I know that more people play as females but still throw a bone to us male character players.
Dual blades, because it has everything. Low stance dodge can give you the strongest damage buff in the game, watersword to melt anything, double headed slice to both shred and apply statuses, you name it.
To be honest though, what reason could we possibly have now to ever use the Black talon aside from when this new caster type gets sunsetted? (ugh I so hate sunsetting, getting all this cool stuff knowing full well that it's going away at one point....)
Does the damage of your blasts scale with your stats?
Do katanas also have unique weapons like that?
That's cool. Any katana I should keep my eye on?
That's really too bad but thanks for the reply.
I was hoping this but I don't think this is the case. His wife was referring to his secret family name.
Honestly aside from the first episode it has all been kinda underwhelming, especially compared to the original Penny Dreadful.
Yeah the game deleted itself. Happened twice to me so far...
Yeah but it's still just another layer of artificial difficulty, enemies being higher level than you and doing more damage and such...
Reptile's fight theme!
Man....this word simp keeps showing a lot lately and after looking it up there are too many definitions for it......the fuck does it mean and how did it even came to be? Edit: nvm found out it's short for Sucker Idolizing Mediocre Pussy. Sounds about right.
It is. I looked it up on knowyourmeme. That's what it was derived from apparently.
