As long as valve doesn't do anything about it nothing will change. Even if a site is caught in a scandal they can just reopen a new one and promote it through pro teams or YouTubers and it'll be right up making shit tons of money again and again.
You lost me after " PC Kids". Do you think it would've been different if a PS4 or rxbone release date wasn't announced?
Can't help but feel like Sony pays shit tons of money to companies to delay the PC versions of games honestly, how many PC gamer's who also own a PS4 will now get it for both instead of just PC? Probably a few
I bought 16gb ddr4 Corsair Vengeance pro 2400mhz about 18 months ago for 70€ on Amazon, last time I checked that very kit was on Amazon for 145€, this is completely nuts.
He should really watercool the sticks and overclock them for some *massive* performance gain.
In many articles I read it was also AMD and that company that makes most mobile CPU's, though AMD denies it and Intel seems to be hit the hardest.
$400 is very little for a proper loop (GPU and CPU), there's so much stuff you don't consider until you sit there and assemble the loop, mine ended up being at roughly $800.
Could also be Nergigante
Guess it's still a suprise in some way, maybe it's just to hide the plot of what exactly the map is, like for example maybe a volcano that is frozen outside. Seeing this I'm pretty sure it's gonna be an interesting map.
Got to say, I always hated rain because it's just so noisy and gives me headaches, but damn I miss fog. :( Don't know why so many people left games when it were fog rounds, in my opinion they've always been the best.
We don't know, seems like it wasn't running that well on low end computers, but what could also be a reason is that at the beginning of fog/rain rounds you could see the playercount go -20 within a couple of seconds because a lot of people for whatever reason didn't wanna play fog/rain rounds.
Design wise the Brachydios is one of my favorite monsters, the colors alone are already fuckin badass.
Considering it's coming for the 3 biggest platforms I'd predict sales to be much higher than that in total. Guess we'll have to wait and see how it does in the west.
6 limbs in the form of 4 legs and 2 wings = Elder Dragon
Daaaaaaamn a table like that would be a fuckin dream..
You didn't quite understand how to bait people yet, can't be more obvious.
Thank god.. I mean I hope to get a retail version with 90% - 100% of the game on disks for PC anyways, but even if not, 16GB's seems reasonable, even for my bamboo 250kb/s download peak. Not like bethesda who slap 1 fuckin disk with 4GB into the retail version and let you download the other 40.
Just don't release "Monster Hunter World U" and let me pay another 60 bucks for G-Rank. Even if it's a $5-20 DLC I wouldn't mind, but make it so I can get it without having to buy the whole thing again, like in previous titles.
That's the same argument I always hear when it comes to anything like that. Nobody says that it would keep 100% of the chinese cheaters away from our servers, but it would prevent a shitload of people from playing here. Your ping from china to NA or Europe is pretty awful already, with a free VPN it's much worse and I think not too many players would really pay for a good VPN just to cheat here. It wouldn't 100% solve the problem, but it would certainly help the situation.
This is 100% true I bet. Considering all the rights sony seemingly has in all this, with them being the ones to hold the announcement and most trailers and info-pieces at big events, I wouldn't even be suprised if they enabled capcom to delay the PC version to get some more people to buy the PS4 version instead. They could've just outsourced the whole thing like nearly every other game studio does, there are tons of very experienced studios specialized to make PC ports, the fact they didn't go this route proves to me that this is pure bullshit to maximize profit. It's not suprising that we're given shit for speaking out about it while such behaviour is nothing new in the gaming world nowadays, people just don't like to accept that their idols who make their favorite game would do such a thing.
No idea what waifu2x is but may god bless your soul.
Wow what? Chargeblade is THAT popular? Couldn't recall seeing it "that" often actually, could've sworn longsword, greatsword or switch axe would be the most popular choice. I never gave the chargeblade a shot honestly, tried it in MH4 and after like 3 minutes I figured it's too complicated and I stick to my doot doot.
I don't know if people love or hate me for constantly applying buffs because the message covers so much space on the screen :(
Never really thought about exhaust damage, I just assumed monsters would get exhausted after a certain amount of damage. Good to know.
I really like the idea of having the vision obscured like in fog or night mode, just as long as I can still hear stuff properly.
I never understood why it's there anyways. Like they want you to buy crates in order to get stuff, but you can find the exact same clothing items lying around on the map, makes absolutely no sense to me.
I am subscribed to him so it's not like I don't like his stuff, but he, like most other tech channels, just never gets to the point. It's 70% talking about stuff I don't care about and 30% talking about what's actually in the title all the time.
That place is called canada, or germany, or Norway.. or basically any other european country.
I'm cool with it as long as it doesn't mean I get auto-kicked for every ping spike (normally up to like 400ms) I get, which happens every now and then for a couple of seconds with my wood internet. I mean they should make sure it actually is the normal ping before kicking you from the server, maybe if the ping's that high for 3 minutes or so.
What kind of random encounter is that supposed to be, got 336h right now and never saw it ;-;
I just recently heard on the german radio that Starwars Battlefront was pretty damn high up in the sale charts, so it seems like that didn't really work out too well last time.. I couldn't recall when I bought an EA or Ubisoft game the last time, sadly at this point I'd also love to add bethesda to the list by now. We're being scammed and don't really do anything about it, it's not gonna get better from here like that.
Even the new maps run on 150+ FPS (IN 5V5 MM) on every damn toaster. If you're playing on another potato on the other hand....
You probably just suck.
which is really fuckin sad if you think about it. Companies push preorders with tons of exclusive content more than ever before, and don't even give us the possibility to check (hopefully) objective reviews from persons we trust before launch.
Mate if you would've read my first comment you'd see that I say it's "fucking sad" because of how companies on one hand push for people to preorder their games while on the other hand not letting anyone make a review until 1 fuckin day before launch, when all the preorders already shipped. THAT is fuckin sad. There's no legit reason to give people that little time, the sole purpose of that is to hold off negative reviews and make people speculate on it being a good game to get their exclusive preorder bonus/dlc. I'm well aware that it isn't just Capcom doing that, still it's beyond scummy and anti customer.
Most pointless argumentation, with 0 valid content from your end, I've had this year, have a nice day mate.
People deemed Repentless bad 1 year before it was even released. I mean it was nowhere near their old albums but not even close to as awful as people make it out to be. I would've loved to see what they'd come up with if Gary joined in with the songwriting. Surely gonna see them, makes me really sad to see the band that got me into thrash call it quits.
I'm not even saying it's a particularly good record, but the fact that many people were already shitting on the album a year prior to it's release (when Implode was released), just because jeff and Dave weren't there anymore makes me kinda sad, just feels like nobody even gave it a chance.
There are literally 2 graphics cards.
Just bought a 500GB Ps4 for 274€ of amazon, think I'll regret this later on, but there's no way I'll make it until fall without playing it.. Hope the retail version's download isn't too big.
Oh damn, hope it won't be close to as much on the retail version.. I can download like 8-10 GB in one night so I hope, and think, it'll be less than 8gb.
Yeah I don't really mind that honestly. All I wanna do is play MH World for now (and probably the FF7 Remake if it ever comes) and my speaker setup also is just a normal stereo one. Just panicked a bit after seing I can't just normally plug my speakers in cause the benq xl2411 I'm using doesn't have speakers itself. Thanks for clarifying.
Thank god, I was already looking up for some funky expensive HDMI adapters before I realized my monitor actually has a 3.5 jack.
Should be, but in recent years it's become a trend to only slap 1 cd into the box and the rest has to be downloaded.
The box says I need about 14gb on the hard drive, is the bluray empty or are you talking about the download version?
I just said "fuck it" yesterday and ordered a PS4 and MHW off amazon.. I'm weak :(
was considering to try new ones, but so far I did 15 quests and a couple of explorations for the story and I did 14 with the hunting horn &amp; 1 with the LS ;-;
oh god please add this.. It's beyond me how that's not even possible as of now especially because your char even takes off the helmed in cutscenes.
1. Always keep the self-buffs &amp; buffs you consider to be important active, focus on the head as you you can knock-out monsters, your.. triangle+circle attack sends your teammates flying so be careful with that. 2. i played th entire game so far up to where I need to tier 7 quests, afterall it's not a "support role", you can still deal massive amounts of damage and it's not even as slow as you might think. In MHW it's hits have gotten quite a lot quicker and after applying the self-buff you run faster than with any other weapon. 3. Don't know what that means, you just check for which songs a horn can play before making or chosing it for a fight. Each horn has different buffs and from what I know you can't change those. 4. Absolutely
It actually is from Malina as the Youtube video description states. Also Leprous isn't going any direction, if anything you should know they try to be different on every album. While coal wasn't really heavy and had very few screams (except for 1 song with ihsahn), The Congregation was rather heavy , then Malina came out as their softest release. I don't get how people can think Malina is indicative of Leprous becoming a softer band.
Yeah I know, but you said you don't like the direction they're going, and with Malina they've gone from a rather heavy album straight to their softest. I'm just saying that that in itself is good proof that you can't predict what direction they're going in the future.
It's rewind and Slave, but overall the album has a heavier tone to it. Also I think on Coal there were no Einar screaming vocals at all.
I don't know, saving a whole year for a console with 2 games you want? The thing is, threre's most likely not gonna be more MH games for the 3ds considering they didn't even bother bringing the 3ds version of MHGenU to the west. From my perspective I'd say it's worth it, but if I had to save a whole year I'd probably not spend that money on a console that basically reached the end of it's lifespan. Have you considered getting a weekend job or something?
The coolest thing in MHGen, which was the first MH I played Multiplayer, was to join random lobbies and farm the same quest over and over again or progress through different quests as a team. Being thrown into the same lobby after each quest makes it so much easier to kinda find people to play with and to make friends, in MHW you are just thrown back into your empty town/hub and join a different party of randoms you'll never see again after the quest finished. Then again, I for one got no clue how to fix this, on one side I think the SOS Flare system is pretty cool, on the other hand it's the root of the problem stated above, hope they figure something out for the next title or even a future update.
With the Nintendo switch, and nintendo now also focusing on smartphone games the 3ds is slowly being ousted, though they obviously don't say it like that. MHGen Ultimate not coming to the 3ds, despite the version existing in Japan, is good proof of that. Who knows how the online activity will be in a year, but as of now I can tell you, there are hundrets of hours of fun in MH4G and MHGen. You got to know if it's worth it or not.
Lol with new tariffs on american goods you'll see people losing their jobs left and right if it's not worth to import american goods to the EU anymore - same goes for europe obviously. There's no winners here, just unnecessary destroying of the economy.
The announcement not being internationally but rather chinese only is a bad sign for the west. Especially considering they won't attend the e3, means they probably got no news for us.
People immediatly think leaks from 4chan are true because they're mentioned so often in gaming news, just most of the time the thousands of bullshit leaks they're hidden in aren't mentioned.
MSI has no quality control whatsoever. Just returned a 570€ monitor because it was ridiculously dim and randomly turning off until I unplug it and plug it back in, like once everY 3 minutes. The support answer was short, in broken German and completely missed the point.
My ping is all over the place on 128 tick servers as soon as anything else is being done on the internet.
Another reason is low bandwidth internet connections.
Can't find a match in central europe.
Are you talking about that one anonymous person writing about MH's E3 presentation on 4Chan or was there something else? Cause that guy is 100% full of shit.
Or get microsoft to play it and finally have something to announce for the PC crowd..
If they had any intentions of releasing the game to the west in the coming months they would've made the announcemen internationally, not chinese only. Who knows, maybe they leave it to Remedy who will attend the PC gaming-show E3 presentation to present their own new game, they're the ones who make the single player mode (or a singleplayer spinoff) for CF2.
Why not?
EA doesn't care about gamers, only about investors. Thus they take no risk in putting resources into big switch games as the console is still somewhat new.
Fallout 4 for the switch seems unlikely, would love to see it coming but I doubt it. I was told the game doesn't run very well on the Ps4 and Xbone, and even certain PC settings have been bugged for years now, I'd be suprised if they managed to make it enjoyable on the switch.
Can we just stop acting like everything people post anonymously on 4Chan is a fucking legit leak?.. That image, whatever, but why are we even talking about that one guy writing what's coming in the e3 presentation? He had 0 evidence and basically only wrote stuff we expect or wish for anyways, it's bullshit.
Just don't get your hopes up because of some randy on 4Chan, like seriously...
USA against everyone, sounds reasonable I mean what could possibly go wrong?
Running in smooth 8 FPS with a stunning 72p resolution
With starfield allegedly being in development for many years, and fo76 being pretty much finished, I doubt they had many resources working on tes vi, probably still gonna be a couple of years.
Yeah I know, read it in the trailers YouTube description. :(
Just go into it not with old fallouts in mind, but rather with a new experience. I'm also sceptical but I think it could be pretty cool if they make the right decisions on some critical things.
-Entirely online -You can play solo That's not conflicting, it's all online but you don't have to play with others, you can just run around alone, it'll still be online and you can still encounter other players which to me sounds fucking awesome.
They totally know but it seems like they're willing to take the feedback and make changes, in my eyes that's a good thing.
Then don't fucking preorder?.. Also you can get USB Optical drives for like 20 bucks.
Might give it a shot as there's close to no online games for the switch as of now.
I get the idea why they would force PvP, afterall it's fallout and it's supposed to be harsh and brutal, I may be the minority here but I think it would feel wrong to run across some other guy and not being able to fight him without him agreeing. Hope they find a way to make it right.
This could be to fallout what I hoped Teso would be to tes. I'm stoked, don't understand why everyone is so upset about having real players forming gangs you can encounter instead of encountering the same raiders around every corner.
That was all he ever wanted anyways, he never planned to nuke anyone. He just wanted to have something to debate about so he doesn't end like so many other dictators before.
Then you don't understand what a leak is.
I am not, you are mistaken because of calling something a leak that has never been one. If it's just some randy making things up on 4chan, that is just some randy making shit up. If there's Someone writing something about future games with evidence or who is known to have sources in the going industry - that's a leak. Saying that the "leak" isn't real after the fact doesn't make it more right. Smartass.
While I understand both sites, I'm stoked for the game. Exploring a gigantic world with the possibility of encountering real people, sounds great to me. Pete Hintes said in an interview that you can compare dying in fo76 to dying in fo4, you're just gonna respawn, won't lose your stuff and you can decide to encounter the guy again or just turn around and go. Seems like a fallout game with much more interesting fights and the actual feeling of "everything could happen".
I'll never understand why people expect games to be constantly updated (balancing, bug fixes and new content) but instantly flip their shit when micro transactions are in the game. In my eyes, as long as they're absolutely 100% only cosmetic - and the developers support the game for a very long time, I'm totally fine with it. Afterall they need to earn money to keep a team dedicated to support the game for years to come.
That took me a while
I still use a Xbox 360 controller and wanted to give the steam controller a shit when they lower the price a coming sale. Is it really as terrible to use as it looks? I wish they would've stuck to a more traditional concept and made it a bit cheaper than the Xbox controller so we sort of have a solid fairly priced "PC Controller".
* TES Oblivion * GTA IV/SA/V (If V can run, not so sure about that one) * Dishonored And just any realistic racing game be it a new Project cars or something.
Sir, you must be at the wrong address, we at valve don't make video games.
I'm hoping it will also include a damn browser and youtube.. They want me to pay for an online service on a console that I can't even use to browse the internet? Come on that can't go well..
I doubt they'd be making a full CF remake in the UE3 if CF2 was going well..
Remove the 's and I'm with you. Their cars are much more solid than people make them out to be on the internet.
Bullshit man, he's only held because he's feared to either flee or destroy evidence, this man will face no charges and all this will not hurt any of the companies involved. The German government is way too concerned about the jobs.
HAPPY 2018 EVERYBODY!
Best thing about it is that the annoying freeze when pausing is gone, though tabbing out and back in still takes ages. :(
Let's be real, you could have e the perfect service and it would be dead after a couple of weeks like all the others before.
The server browser and DemoUI were the 2 things I was most excited about, hope they'll do those later on.
I don't understand why on earth sony thinks to not allow crossplay with other oconsoles sworth it. Not only is it bad publicity for them, they also piss off a lot of their own customers and most importantly it's great promotion for their competitors. If they're so convinced that the PS4 is the best system to experience games, why bother to block crossplay?
Nah there's still quite a few missing, but it's still quite a lot.
Going the easy way to make money with the switch instead of doing something original, really sad. Even if I had solid internet, the idea of buying a game that doesn't even run on your console alone is something I'd never even consider.
Wtf are you even talking about? I meant that they just let us stream already existing games instead of specifically making new games for the switch. Also the idea of streaming games isn't new at all.
None, if I wanted to game on my phone I wouldn't have bought a 3ds and switch.
No but I don't always play games either? If I intend to play games (when on the plain or when I'm away for work) I take one with me obviously. I'm pretty sure there are tons of people who don't wanna play games on the phone and thus just don't do it, no matter what game it is.
Never got to see him live, shame. To me Dio is right up there with Judas Priest, Maiden and Black Sabbath. "*Holy Diver*", "*Rainbow in the dark*" and "*last in line*" are perfect in every sense. From the "later" albums I can recommend "*Killing the Dragon*", great track.
Capcom Made it very clear that it's not a service-gane, they probably got their plans and once they're done there won't be new additions anymore. From a list that turned out to be legit, there are 2 more returning monsters we get.
lol you shouldn't, seeing how our team played it would've been a 7:1 the other way around this time.
The exception proves the rule... ^^^^right?
Don't let your memes be dreams!
Even Monster Hunter has them, I don't get the point here honestly. Guess OP draws a line between those that just offer stuff like emotes/dances/cosmetics and those games that let you pay real money for ingame advantages. Edit: I'm just saying that there is a difference between games like GTAO/RDRO and games like MH:W or CS, I never said that I don't draw that line, I think every sane person does.
No I am absolutely not, I'm just saying that while we also got microtansactions OP is referencing that the ones present in MH don't influence the gameplay. Reading my comment I also don't understand how anyone could misunderstand this..
What exactly is the difference between the Aurora stuff, that was clearly labeled as "not for longtime use" and that new stuff many brands were releasing actually? I know that it was said to be fine for long time use, but I see so many posts about just the same clogging happening that I wonder if there's anything different at all. I'd just stay away from any of that stuff, no matter the looks. So many brands will promise you "No clogging" and that it's "Safe to use" while it will totally clog your stuff over time.
Yeah I'd really just stay away from them. It's totally not worth the hassle imo.
Which is understandable as the main storywriter and most other people involved in HL have left the studio long ago.
You can even hear the "Get me outta here" in the clip
Power Metal??
No analogue triggers, not even on the pro controller. Makes any sort of somewhat serious racing game completely unplayable for me.
What would be a useful feature in your opinion? Some people are never happy.
It's almost like there are people who disagree with you, and your opinion isn't the only right one. Get your head out of your ass dude.
That's something the trust factor could improve if it actually worked. Reading what you wrote it seems like your accounts are relatively old and have relatively many hours on them. So why do you have to play against smurfs, who from my experience usually have relatively new accounts with relatively little hours. Valve could do so much more to make sure people on certain ranks only face others who really, truly are at that rank, but they don't.
Top level Cs is played at 128 tick servers, people with very low bandwidth internet (such as me and many others on certain countries) get heavy ping spikes from playing on those. Meaning implementing 128 tick mm would split the community even more and turn it into "lagger mm" and "normal mm" which is a pretty bad idea. 128 tick mm would be an option everyone with good internet would choose over 64, not everyone with good internet could be bothered to use a 3rd party service though, by not offering it all they at least got the playing community not split up. For the normal players 64 tick is alright, no matter how competitive and serious some people take it.
Exactly. It's similar to people seeing what gear Pro's use and buy it to be just as good. People just see that they play on 128 tick 3rd party services and think they are being held back by the 64 tick servers. In the end we are all still "casual" gamers in some sense. If you think you need more and wanna be more serious about the game just go play on a 3rd party service.
First time I see someone that isn't me mentioning that the internet speed is an argument against 128 tick for mm. Sad barely anyone knows this and the argument of "people have better PCs by now" keeps popping up all the time. There are still many regions with ridiculously slow internet, like here in Germany, I get heavy ping spikes on 128hz servers while I got no problems on 64.
Your number 1. is my biggest fear that hopefully won't ever happen for normal MM. You'd love a good chunk of the playerbase as low bandwidth internet connections have their fair share of problems with 128hz servers. And the internet in many parts of the world, even europe as I know first hand, is really really awful still, 128 tick is a dumb idea for a normal game service.
Meanwhile the CSGO twitter guy *"I was just trying to interact more with our audience, there's no update, chill guys."*
Might sound stupid, but try setting fps_max 60 before loading the map. For some reason the FPS massively influence the time it takes to load a map for the first time in offline mode.
Make sure to have it all in stock then haha :D
https://i.imgur.com/pyFY72V.gif
Doubt there's gonna be an update on Thursday. They're just messing with us.
144hz is the most important factor to me. I spent 730€ just to have an ips, gsync wqhd monitor with 144hz. OP clearly doesn't have it set up right or has capped his FPS.
Of course I did, there was an option right in the OSD. :D
Right I forgot, the human eye can only see 24 FPS.
Just saw his name in the HL2 credits yesterday, he's been with valve for ages.
Just imagine all this teasing being for something like unranked 5v5. *"I mean yeah... I want that but... yeah well. Kinda expected something more exciting at this point :("* But valve never pulled something like this off, either it's just him making fun about how every word he says makes such high waves on reddit, or they got some exciting stuff to share with us. Could be nothing, but I wouldn't even be suprised if it's a new game (spinoff?) of some sorts at this point.
Yeah I seriously don't understand how people can tell me "it's not such a big difference" or even "it's almost only placebo" like WTF. Either there's some ridiculous difference in terms of quality, or those people never even tried it/don't have it set up correctly. I had a very good 60hz monitor before and the difference was enormous.
Glad to see you go, don't come back. Good riddance
The biggest problem with 128 tick servers are low bandwidth internet connections. There are still millions of people with awfully slow internet who get heavy ping spikes on 128 tick servers, like me. You'd essentially force a good chunk of the player ASE to just leave the game for good.
128hz servers would lose them a good chunk of their player base as players with wood internet, like me, get heavy lag spikes with 128 tick. There is a good reason for why they don't implement it. If you are really serious about the game, use a 3rd party service, for the average Cs player 64 tick is enough for in-game matchmaking. You can't compare the server setup and netcode from PUBG with cs.
CS on 128 tick servers takes much more bandwidth than PUBG for example, I lag on 128 tick servers, many of my friends that live in my area do too. You can't just compare games tickrates like that, there's much more behind the netcode. And it's still a very valid excuse today, just because you live in an are with fast internet doesn't mean everyone does. There are many countries that still have a very poor infrastructure, I got 250kb/s at peak, in the middle of Germany. E: downvoting but no argument, nice. Truth hurts, 128 tick is not beneficial for valve, they'd lose a lot of players.
I think with prime we won't see any change. See it like this, those new players who just wanna cheat won't spend the money and/or time to get prime, those who buy expensive cheats probably will, but those did the same thing when the game wasn't free. For them it's no difference really. What is kinda sad though, is the fact that you can no longer play only against accounts with verified phone numbers.. and the non prime mm will probably be quite a bad experience for new players. Overall I still think it's the right move to make to attract some new players.
ROE runs totally fine for the way it looks imo. Getting more FPS than in pubg and roe looks much better.
They worked on it (to some extend) for years, it's definitely here to stay. I'm kinda pissed about all the people, as always, just bashing the mode rather than providing constructive feedback. They tried something new with the BR mode, and I'm sure it can be great with some tweams
It is very annoying that the game won't start if 1 guy doesn't ready up. I found so many games that didn't start because of this, at some point I was at 6 minutes waiting and found about 5 games that all didn't start.
The CS community has a good part of people that cry about any change made instead of ignoring what they don't care about, or giving feedback if they care about it but don't like it.
Dude what? Why would there be more cheaters now? You got prime, meaning you only play against players who either bought prime (just the same as buying the game) or got a verified phone number and reached a certain level. Most cheaters couldn't be bothered to buy prime, those that pay for expensive cheats PROBABLY would, but those are the same that would buy the game just to cheat. I'd say there will be no difference for us prime players, everyone just overreacting instead of thinking it through.
ok
With so many countries still being so far behind in terms of internet infrastructure, that would just lose them tons of players who would get massive lag spikes on 128 tick servers in CS. 128hz for cs takes up quite a bit of bandwidth, me and my friend s who live nearby get ridiculous spikes to 400 all the time when playing on community servers with 128 tick, definitely not worth it for valve. For the built in Matchmaking, 64 tick is the best deal for everyone.
Of course they have the money, but it would be more expensive, and people with very bad internet who can play on 64 tick but lag on 128hz would be forced to leave. Why would they do this? It's just not a smart decision to make with the internet infrastructure still being in such awful shape in many countries.
The server cost isn't even an issue, the thing is that the higher the tickrate, the more bandwidth it takes for the players, you know there are many regions with awfully slow internet even in 2018 right? 64 tick is the best deal for everyone, if you are super serious about the game, play a 3rd party service. It's good the way it is with them not forcing people to quit or splitting the community even further.
The part of the community with low bandwidth internet connections certainly doesn, cause that's a good part of the playerbase that would essentially be forced to leave the game for good.
Me and my friends in my region got that internet, not in africa or south americe, but in germany. There is that kind of internet, and there are millions of people still stranded with it. It's not about it being unstable, but if the bandwidth is full your ping goes nuts. 64hz servers take much less bandwidth and I got no problem with it at all unless I'm downloading or streaming something at the same time. I know it's an argument many don't wanna accept of shrug off as bs because those people got fast internet, but believe me, in the villages in europe, and probable in general some poorer countries on the planet, there's still stuff even below 2mbit/s (250kb/s).
I'm kinda bummed the new MP5 skin can be put on the market. I mean it wouldn't be rare anyways, but in a couple of years it would've been cool to know that everyone who has it, has been around since "the days before it was f2p" I guess. If they make it, just make it so it can't be sold or traded.
I love the mode already, but I agree that there's a lot that can be improved, about the mode and the experience around it, the whole searching - warmup - choosing where to land cycle takes way too long for such how quick the matches actually are. Thinking about how it's gonna be in a couple of weeks/months when barely anyone plays it makes me think that that's gonna be the most important thing to improve in some way. Additionally, I think there should be more glocks/p2000 around and generally more ammo. I know it's probably designed to make us think about when and what to shoot instead of blindly spraying, but come on, most gun fights end up with one or both parties running out of ammo - is they already found shooting weapons that is. Seeing all the time and effort that was put into the update it makes me think that the team is very passionate about it and that they probably got some BR fans in the team, I'm sure they'll look for feedback and make changes to improve the experience.
I really don't know what to think about it. It's definitely a conscious decision to keep us from just plindly spraying at all the drones and people in the far distance, but man, I had so many fights ending with one or even both of us just switching to the knife/fists and try to knifefight. There should be more low power pistols and a little bit more ammo overall in my opinion.
dunno what it was like when you played, but during the day there were some server problems here in europe at least, might be connected to that. There were times when we didn't find anything for 10 minutes or couldn't even get into the same lobby, but normally when everything worked we found a game within 30 seconds all the time.
They should definitely focus on improving the mode first, there's a lot that can be tweaked to make it better.
Yeah how about throwing that prehistoric toaster out of the window and getting a PC? On one site everyone is like "OMG IT'S 2018 GIVE 128 TICK" on the other site tons of people are complaining about low FPS in a game that really isn't demanding by todays standards.
People in this community complain about everything new. Granted, the way valve implements stuff often is more than questionable, but at this point it feels like everyone just always wants to complain for the sake of it or for not getting whatever unrealistic hopes they had.
Or it makes you go for the good ol fist fight :D
If some more players would just offer criticism instead of crying about how shit it is, maybe they could more accurately shape it into something even better. If I was working at valve I'd be pretty disappointed in having to scroll through mountains of salty bullshit comments to find some actual feedback.
I know, I even said that in my comment. It wouldn't be rare, but it would be a thing to distinguish the "old" fromt he "new" players, thinking about another 5-10 years from now.
Yeah except, no. Fortnite and PUBG still got way too many players to say that in an objective manner. And why is it just seen as a "craze" or a phase? The CS mode has been copied many times and is still played decades after it's initial release. BR also is just a "new" mode.
I will never understand why so many people got that opinion of "if you paid for the game keep microtransactions out". If it's only cosmetic, and has 0 impact on the gameplay, I'm fine with it - as long as the game gets update support for years.
That's an understandable view. In my eyes they've done a lot to improve the experience in the core game mode over the past few years, I'm pretty damn sure they didn't have the entire team working on the DZ mode. Knowing how valve works there were probably a couple of devs that had a lot of fun with other BR games and started playing around with the idea of a CS Battle royale. I think the game needs some new stuff to attract new players and bring back some of those who left over the past few years. Wether or not this is it, I don't know, but it's an effort at least. We got all official valve maps revamped over the past few years, so I don't know what you mean there. And I agree that we should have some more MM options, especially unranked 5v5's so we don't have to play on community servers or in overfilled maps if we just wanna jump into a quick game without liabilities.
Possible, but I'm not that sure about that really.
Tell me what you didn't understand and I'll explain it to you :D
Man valve couldn't care less about server cost, it's not them just cheaping out, it's them trying to provide the best experience for as many people as possible. Upping the tickrate massively increases the bandwidth the game takes, from 64hz to 128hz you'll have a jump from around 30kb/s to about 75kb/s, which in many cases, like for me, results in lag spikes. There are still many regions with very poor download, and especially upload speeds, you'd force those to abandon the game for good or play 2nd class lagger MM. Splitting the community even further is not a good idea.
* Playerbase will increase * Non Prime MM increase in cheaters * Prime MM no difference really That's my opinion. Thing is, those who actually buy expensive cheats would probably also buy Prime to ruin our lives, but those are the same people that previously bought the game over and over again as well, you could buy it for 3 bucks in keystores. And the "free cheaters" probably don't really care about all that stuff and in most cases won't bother to buy prime or add a phone number just to ruin our lives. It's all blown out of proportion in my opinion. Sure you'll see tons of threads like *"Omg first prime game after the update and everyone was cheating, even me, thank you valve"*, but what's to expect... Just keep playing the way you always did and make an objective judgement over time.
It's not 80kbit/s it's 80kb/s. With mz 2mbit/s in Germany, my upload peaks at around 0,450mbit/s, which is like 56kb/s.
Need to earn 250xp in the new mode, bonus doesn't contribute to it.
I got around 200-250 most of the time and only experienced one drop down to 80 for a couple of seconds, other than that it was extremely stable tbh. Optimization seems fine in my opinion. If you think the driver update caused it, roll back to the previous one and check if the problem is solved.
Task manager displays about 1mbit/s for me while in game
I just got the normal page open sorted by network usage. Just did some quick Google search and I read similar numbers as mine all over the place. Around 70-80kb/s (not kbit/s) for 128 tick compared to roughly 25kb/s on 64 tick.
If you want me to read the wall of text, don't spread misinformation in the first sentence. I don't care why it does take more than double the bandwidth, because it simply does.
Dude you could previously get cs for 3 bucks in keystores, do you genuinely think that any of those "free players" would bother to buy prime or reach level 21 + verify the phone number just to ruin your day? You are not even playing against any f2p players. Virtually no cheater cared about re-buying the game again because it was so fucking cheap anyways. Why are so many people just jumping on the bandwagon of insulting valve and declaring CS dead because of this update? Did you not read the FAQ or are you just unable to think things through? If you really cared about the game, you wouldn't behave like that, you just see the surface, you see all the idiots who start crying about literally every change and jump on the bandwagon, good riddance.
The only reason is then wanting to get new people to play the game, barely anyone just buys such an old game, but now that it's free to play I'm sure there's a lot of new players giving it a shot. About your theory, why destroy the games reputation if they wanna announce a new one? You are essentially saying "they wanna lose fans to announce a new game" what? And I general, with all the theories and bullshit around, there's no need for any of that. We are talking about valve, they really don't need CS, Dota2 or any game, I'm pretty sure it's way less profitable than just selling other studios games in their shop.
My most realistic expection is Alatreon + his new stage and/or Oroshi Kirin. I don't think we will get G-rank any time soon.
I think it's not a flaw in the mode itself, as often we can play many complete matches without problems, but yeah something is really messed up, ruined multiple of my games already. Hope they can sort this out quickly.
Those negative reviews are from idiots jumping to conclusions without knowing anything about the new f2p/prime stuff. Of course it's worth trying out, there's a reason why so many people got thousands of play hours in it.
Same here, obviously everyone is just blindly jumping to conclusions declaring the game dead without even seeing an increase in cheaters.
It isn't that easy. You can tell someone to upgrade his PC, you can't tell someone to "Upgrade ur internet" if they live in a region with poor internet. 128 tick servers take about 3x the bandwidth of regular ones. Valve makes so much money just from steam, they don't have to cheap out on server cost, it's a conscious decision as it's the best deal for everyone.
People act like they had 100% of their resources on the mode for 2 years. It was probably a rather small division that worked on it ever now and then, considering the first files affiliated with the mode were sent out to us in 2016. Let those who care about it have fun, if you got criticism provide feedback, if you don't care about don't be a dick about it. Pretty simple.
Queueing for operation maps during operations kinda shows me that not many players were even bothering to play the new maps, could be the reason for why we haven't seen one in such a long time.
Funny thing, on one hand you have all those "It's 2018 everyone can run the game at 999 FPS gibe 128 tick now" people, on the other hand you see everyone complain about how every new map/update makes the game unplayable performance wise.. If there's something to complain about, the outcry always is enormous, even if, like in this case, one argument basically cancels the other out.
I don't understand how nobody at valve felt like doing this lol It would be the very first thing to come to my mind when thinking about what "knife" weapons to include. They just gotta add it. :(
We really don't deserve this guy. He's so damn right and reasonable about this and most things he says. I hope this makes some people rethink their behaviour.
Lol what? That's a great thing. I remember days when in 90% of overwatch cases there was no (100% obvious) cheater at all, nowadays in nearly every single one there is. That doesn't mean there's more cheaters, that means vacnet is filtering most legit players out which is making overwatch a much more efficient and important feature. You are just searching for things to cry about because that's the cool thing to do with every change. How about you just playing the game and objectively decide if something got worse instead of jumping on the bandwagon?
Dude it's been like this for many months already, has nothing to do with the update. The reason for that IS VacNet, how is it obsolete now? It's the reason for why you see cheaters in nearly every OW. VacNet analyzes the demos before sending them to the players for overwatch cases.
I think the only reason for it not being f2p has been the fear of cheaters, seems like they're very confident in the whole trustfactor, Vacnet and overwatch thing, and VAC I guess. It's really an attempt to make people go "well now that it's free I might give it a shot" which seemingly worked quite well considering the playercount of the last 2 days.
Seeing shrouds first round on this was a pretty accurate impression on how most of those people shitting on the mode probably approached it. Just going in with the mindset of it being shitty, playing 1-3 rounds and abandoning it again.
When playing prime MM I was often matched with very new accounts that no well on earth had a verified phone number, I suspect it wasn't really used anymore at all anyways. And you could previously get the game for literally 3 bucks in keystores, it now being free isn't a big deal at all. Why don't you just play and base your judgement on that instead of jumping to conclusions? I haven't met a single cheater in 2 days playing since the update.
Can you elaborate what those issues that need to be solved are? Also I assume it was probably a pretty small team of Devs working on it every now and then considering the development time of over 2 years. During that time we've seen plenty other updstes.
Their main focus is on AI, not vac anymore as its way too easy to bypass and players don't want intrusive anticheat software. They invested a lot in a server farm and development for vacnet.
Judging by your user name I am older than you my friend. Anyways, you pretty much nailed it on that comment actually. Your thoughts on this matter just don't make sense At all. There are about 600k players at most times, vacnet improved the efficiency of overwatch massively, you're not gonna run out of OW cases any time soon and thanks to AI you see a cheater in nearly any OE case. Explain to me how this has anything to do with the new update please. This only means that VacNet is working extremely accurately, you should be worried if you wouldn't see a cheater in nearly every OW case.
Yeah but the thing is, many cheaters are just casual players, even kids who got no clue anyways and wouldn't bother to even try bypassing the ban, Certainly it wouldn't make it impossible for cheaters to play again, but it would probably make some cheaters just abandon the game.
Not gonna watch it again, but from what I've seen one of the first things was "This is gonna be filled with cheaters" generally talking in a mocking tone and saying how weird this is every 10 seconds or so, just watch it yourself. He didn't take it serious at all and didn't even try to fully understand how it's meant to be played.
About #3, the only thing the turrets from dangerzone and from portal got in common is that they're turrets really. If anything they're closer to the HL2 Turrets, but I don't think they got anything in common, they're just turrets.
95% sure it's just gonna be a whole lot of numbers, a whole lot of how grateful they are for the awesome community and here's something new *Alatreon and Oroshi Kirin* **End** Thank god I was wrong! That's why you set the expectation low :D
*"Guys, we know what you've all been waiting for, craving for years... HERE IS THE FIRST FULL TRAILER OF THE UPCOMING MOVIE!!"*
I never said they can just create a budget out of thin air and start their own project, I said they can decide what project to work on. Valve makes so much money just from selling games, I don't think there's a lot of pressure on them to push certain kinds of updates. From all the info we have, they're given a lot of room for creativity. In the end you are the one making up claims of them only money grabbing, thus it's on you to prove it. The info publicly available all shows that working at valve isn't the same as working for any of EA's studios or something. Also, you didn't answer my question.
Probably an overwatch ban
You do realize I never even said anything that contradicts with what you are saying, right? Read again
Yeah he's been for a while
I can already hear the outcry of the community, but yeah I'd totally play that.
It's already on the front page of the subreddit
Been playing Dangerzone and random Aimservers a lot, didn't see a single cheater in since the update. You probably joined some server without VAC by the looks of it.
Join some community servers and see yourself, I haven't spotted a single cheater since the update. Most likely he joined a Vac-disabled hvh server for some karma.
It's like people are just looking for something to complain about. How many times has CS been declared dead by players massively overreacting? Why do they just spam negative reviews instead of actually waiting and seeing how the change impacts the game?
Every fucking potato can run csgo, what's with all you people complaining about performance on one site, and about how "it's 2018 give us 128 tick everyone has i9's and 2080ti's"? Seriously if you are having performance problems with this game, it's time to upgrade, that's not the job of the developer. Hitboxes are fine in my eyes, since you are unable to elaborate on that I guess you know that too somewhere deep down. And any sort of balancing to the game is subjective and does t require a huge Dev team to make. They should have more than enough staff able to work at some big project for the casuals (which are like 99.9% of players, including you and me) to keep the game fresh and interesting. Our beloved 5v5 isn't going anywhere, why are some people losing their shit when not every single Dev is fixing this game which isn't even broken?
Don't know how I feel about this, at first I also kinda missed it, especially because it actually gives you quite a good reason to stick somewhat close together, but I feel like it would kill the pacing of the mode.
Don't know how I feel about this, at first I also kinda missed it, especially because it actually gives you quite a good reason to stick somewhat close together, but I feel like it would kill the pacing of the mode.
Can you put it in the washer or will it break?
Man you could've really phrased this better, I think barely any CS players compare it to those games anyways. If anything, players from other BR games might look at it and think it's a cheap little version of PUBG. They put a lot of effort into making it original and keeping the CS feel, that's something most people who judge it after only looking at it or only playing 1-2 rounds might not realize.
Facebook must've paid some maaaaaaaad money if ESL just agreed to basically lose all their momentum just for a streaming deal.
Stop looking for any tips to give you more FPS, from my experience, nothing really works anyways. Your hardware runs the game as good as it can. Upgrading is the only real option.
You got to explain that to me
Right, Mr. Valve just has to hit that VacUpdate.exe and all the cheaters are gone. The game went for 3 bucks in keystores prior to it going f2p, no cheater was slever scared about having to buy it again.
I'm willing to bet my ass that those working on danger zone aren't the same people working on the anti-cheat stuff.
It's great the way it is imo. The drones giving away your position, and ammo being so scarce is all by design
Bro the game was 3 bucks in keystores. Nobody has ever feared being banned.
On that not, please give 128 tick, everyone can run the game at more than 128 FPS. Oh wait.. Well it's time for an upgrade my friend, your friend doesn't have a good computer if he's only getting 50 FPS. Even in danger zone I'm getting 200-350 depending on where I am and how many are alive.
That is weird with Intel/Nvidia I didn't notice a huge loss in performance compared to casual/community servers with similar playercounts.
You're missing out if you think to be able to make a fair judgement after only 1 game.
I have ab 8700k @5ghz and a 1080 and I get 3x your numbers. Multicore rendering enabled? Resolution/settings? Something is definitely not right there.
hmm that's weird. I get less FPS than normally in this mode as well, but not buy that much. Maybe 20% less. Well what do I know, I only tried 1 hardware configuration.
Make sure to check your temperatures, a throttling CPU could cause your problem. If everything is fine, maybe you measured those 200+ in 5v5's and the average of 67 against bots it on blacksite? I haven't noticed any performance loss over the past few years.
Why call every fucking suggestion a "Petition" now. Just suggest stuff and people will show how interested they are.
Sounds great and I'm glad they didn't do any drastic changes. Slightly more sec and primary weapons is what I was hoping for.
Right they just gotta hit that VacUpdate.exe and all the cheaters are gone.. They keep improving VAC and VACNet without you even noticing it, why would they announce it in any way?
I mean living in europe I got no clue what the reality there looks like. but I'm just gonna assume that there are some decent high tech hospitals at least the some of the giant cities. I doubt that he went to some """Doctor""" in some random favela backstreet.
Lets remember that the "GOAT" was banned for cheating by the ESL not too long ago..
Friendly reminder: The game was up for 3 bucks in certain keystores before it going F2P nobody ever cared about losing an account. Also if your account is affiliated with many banned accounts your trust factor is going to be really fucking low to the point that you basically only play HVH.
Yeah bro, 600-800 FPS on an empty map in low settings 800x600 maybe. Definitely not while playing. I'm getting like 350-550 in 5v5 comp with an i7 8700k @5ghz and a gtx 1080 @2024-2101mhz. Similar results with my old 4790k @4.8ghz, the source engine just doesn't give a fuck about your hardware after a certain point. You'll not get more than that no matter what.
Plus no players or bits are on the map.
That's probably all the dust covering your heatsinks mate.
Seeing the queue times for past operation maps kinda made it seem like barely anyone is playing those maps anyways. They got access to all the data and probably decided that it just wasn't working. We'll probably ably get maps entering and leaving the map pool just as biome and Subzero were added. That being said, give S E A S O N back. :(
I think the blacksite update would've been the perfect opportunity to implement a couple new weapons. I was sure the TAC would be added with the Br mode. It's probably dead by now.
Just jumped into a full DM server, getting 350-500 FPS constantly. No difference to before the update. i7 8700K 5ghz and a gtx 1080.
Not sure if that's what he means, but when choosing random map it always throws you into blacksite and if I select "no bots" bots spawn nonetheless.
How about actually understanding a topic before shitting on it?
Yeah because there was such a gigantic barrier previously right. Like paying $3 to some keystore.
And it was that much harder to get an account before? The game was thrown around for 3 bucks in certain keystores, seriously what's the deal. If you got banned accounts affiliated with yours, your trust factor is going to oblivion anyways and you're basically playing HVH only.
Yeah, no cheater wanted to lose the 3 bucks they paid to a keystore, that totally stopped people from cheating.. what the fuck dude nobody ever cared about having to re-buy the game.
Wouldn't that fuck someone over for living in the same house as a cheater? Like living in an apartment building with other families all using one router.
That's how it's always been
Anyone can, but who the fuck does? Most random cheaters don't even know what the hell trust factor is.
1440p 165/144hz is the best you can get in my opinion. The improvement of imagequality from 1440p to 4K is nowhere near as important as the difference between 60hz and 144/165hz. But a good high refresh 1440p monitor with gsync and an IPS panel costs you about 700€ right now.
Yeah so in most cases you pay even more taxes, cups get more expensive and most shops won't offer clean alternatives at a fair price anyways.
Fuck no
Right, CS hasn't received new content since it's release. Except for like, a battle royale mode, de_Biome, de_subzero, de_canals, a de_dust2 remake and a de_cbble overhaul, and if I'm not mistaken that was only 2018. Which is 6 years after it's release for a game that cost 13€ for the majority of time and now even is f2p.
Never played Fortnite, but PUBG doesn't have that regular CONTENT updates. What are you talking about? Do you want a new map/mode every fucking week? Go play some cheap koreashooter if you prefer quantity over quality.
You'll also change the world by being a serial killer or by just doing nothing meaningful at all
Looking at past games that went F2P, like Evolve or Quake Champions, there's a short spike in popularity but in those cases they both went down to normal (basically nothing) within a couple of weeks. I don't expect a big increase in playerbase long term to be honest.
Youtube really should stop with that bullshit about video length, all it does is reduce the quality of the content because it's all all bloated 90% blabla 10% what we came to hear. Could've easily been a 2-3 minute video. [Read the article](https://petapixel.com/2018/12/26/how-i-got-banned-from-photographing-the-band-arch-enemy/?utm_source=dlvr.it&amp;utm_medium=twitter), the video isn't worth your time.
Something I still really want is just 5v5 unranked.. has been requested so many times and I'm sure valve have some reason for not implementing it, but 5v5 unranked would make so much sence. 1. People would try out new maps which would give operations a purpose again. 2. The only way to play maps with the intended amount of players without obligations are community servers right now. 3. Would make for a more pleasant grind to reach the requirement for ranked 5v5 I'm well aware we're never gonna get it, but I think it would be a huge step into the right direction. CSGO is becoming so stale because nobody wants to try new maps in order not to lose their rank or because of the frustration when dying just because you didn't know the contact points/certain spots. With unranked 5v5 you could just join and leave at any point, get no rank reduction when losing and even if you're getting stomped by more skilled players, you can just leave at any time or try to compete without the frustration of facing smurfs or cheaters.
Had tons of mice from many different brands, in my opinion Steelseries (Had the Rival 300, 600 and Sensei) and logitech (G400, G402) are the best ones quality wise. I was really disappointed by Razer to be honest.
Then again, after the 3rd time, what cha gonna do? :D
Just started playing again a couple of days ago, within 15 tries or so I had exactly 0 sucessful ones. Every time I get some idiots with either way too little defense or just those that don't seem to understand how to avoid the meteor. It's a pain in the ass with randoms, I gave up.
Just a tip for researching stuff, if you wanna know anything about monster drops/weakness/stats, where to find certain items or really anything else, don't waste your time reading all this IGN or other "mainstream gaming site" nonsense, it's 90% blabla 10% info. Go right to https://mhworld.kiranico.com/ and search for it there.
The operation maps were barely played judging by the queue times. That might also be the reason for why they're now directly adding maps to the pool.
I don't get it, and no matter what system it is, there's a way to take screenshots.
It's relatively easy compared to earlier titles. The only thing making quests a challenge is that certain monsters HP don't scale with the playercount making it extremely hard to solo them, so you have to rely on teammates who regularly die. Edit: instead of all the downvoting, why don't you contribute to the discussion and tell me why you disagree? OP asked a question, I gave him my view of things.
So how is it incorrect? The only fights I was talking about are Kulve and behemoth. What I said is correct and it definitely IS something to take into account, like it or not. You can play as good as you want, if you're out there with 3 randoms it's nearly impossible to win the fight. I've tried Behemoth over 15 times in the past 2 days, cartet like 2-3 times myself in the beginning, still lost every single one of them. If you wanna farm Behemoth somewhat efficiently your only way is to get a team of people that know what they do.
Okay
Depends on how you value performance. I bought it again after having 200h on the PS4, was kinda annoying to restart from scratch, but playing at 1440p 165hz (getting like 90-110 fps with a 1080 on tweaked settings) is a great experience and totally worth the switch in my opinion.
You are objectively wrong lol New missions and events aren't content. New content to me means new CONTENT, not old content with new rules or stupid missions. That just wouldn't fit to CS, and CS already has way more modes than PUBG does, so what's the point? Just keep bitching dude, if you wanna be productive suggest what they should do in your opinion instead of just pointing the finger at totally different games saying that they're getting more stuff.
Iceborn is also coming later, the website says something like "pc date follows" Considering it was announced at Sony's E3 presentation, it's safe to assume there's an agreement. Sony obviously want as many people as possible to go for the PS4 version, and tons of PC gamers also own a console.
Like nirvana never stole any riffs from a certain german thrash band
Subzero and Biome are new. I agree that it's okay to want more, but then again the queue times for new maps were ridiculously long a few days after the operations dropped. Most people just don't wanna risk their precious rank and false pride by playing new maps. That's where unranked 5v5 would come in handy.. People could actually try new maps with the right amount of players but without obligations.
When people realize that source 2 won't just magically solve all problems (whatever those may be?) the obligatory "OMG VALVE NOBODY ASKED FOR THIS FINALLY UPDATE VAC AND GIVE 128 TICK" shitstorm would just start up again.
I don't think a new engine just automatically gives you more fps in every case. Surely the new engine would be more optimized for bigger core counts, modern cpu's, but generally every modern cpu (lets say 4th gen i3 onward) will deliver 100+ fps anyways if paired with a 750ti or above.
Wait what is a more balanced setup to you? From what I read, due to Source 2 being able to utilize more cores more efficiently, obviously your gpu usage will rise which results in making it seem more gpu heavy. We don't know how they'd implement it for CS, or what tricks they might have to make it run better, but in my eyes, given it's age and somewhat dated look CS already runs extremely well as it is now. Most people having problems are playing on extremely weak laptops that were never meant for gaming in the first place, while it might give some fps boost, it won't turn the game from "unplayable" to an enjoyable experience.
https://youtu.be/VRyKKmHAeVY?t=14 https://youtu.be/hTWKbfoikeg?t=8
Sorry if I sounded rude, just saying what I think about it. With all the people begging for Source 2 thinking it would magically erase all "problems" (whatever those may be) I try to be as sceptical as possible regarding what it would actually do.
Grohl even included the vocalist of Kreator in his "Probot" project and is a huge Voivod (other thrash band) fan himself, he definitely has heard the song and I wouldn't be suprised if that's where the inspiration came from. Pretty sure Kurt had no clue who they even are.
Farm and gathering quests jusst as others pointed out. Just recently revisited it myself and I got to say, pretty hard to go back after having played MHW for such a long time.
Do you really think this would make people who don't wanna talk become more cooperative? They'd occasionaly activate their push to talk and say nothing or even annoy you with some russian. This wouldn't change anything and it would punish those premade teams using TS/Discord.
Ehm the revolver takes much longer to shoot and is incredibly inaccurate in fast mode? Do you want it to do even less than a deagle?
You can see their badges, yeah it is.
You got 1 reason for it to be there? All everyone did was insult each other anyways, what's the point?
That's the perception you get when you only wanna see the downsites and massively exaggerate every point. The only point I give you is #7, while not a bad idea, I think it's totally unnecessary to give us all those spinbot demo's to review. I think Vacnet should be able to judge those with 100% accuracy on it's own, same for awfully obvious aimbots.
Definitely my Album of the year right there. Amazing record all around.
One thing MH World really falls behind in my opinion has got to be the music Not that it's bad, but it's a long shot from the amazing old music which just felt much more atmospheric.
Oh it's this thread again.. so many people begging for a chance to insult others really shows what the CS community has become.
It's so annoying. Why does Valve recommend only those awful bots instead of those who really put work into it? I pressed "ignore" on so many accounts but only more and more of them pop up. They may cancel the whole curator thing as well, it's just completely useless.
Didn't expect any 4th gen monster to make it, very happy we'll at least get one!
The new village is giving me some old Pokke vibes &lt;3
Imagine glavenus swimming though the ocean with his tiny T-Rex arms lol
I was just about to start my comment with the exact same sentence. We're trading functionality for design and make it more expensive in the process, it's ridiculous but seemingly exactly what the people are asking for..
Ultimately they're "asking for it" by buying those phones. Demand directs where things are going. But yeah, sadly phones are mainly fancy looking accessories and status symbols now.
Probably more correctly alligned than the real one hehe looks great :)
Knowing that the game will get bad review scores, knowing that the game is unfinished and pretty damn broken at launch, yet still selling it for $60 and now he's acting like we should be more understanding and forgiving? Fuck Bethesda.
I'd need over 1300h just to download 1TB lol viva germany
With Tigrex and Narga being in the game, and the DLC being Ice-themed I think it's very safe to assume that barrioth will also make it, since they share the same skeleton anyways.
This IS Crossfire 2. Remedy, the company making the singleplayer mode, had "Crossfire HD &amp; Crossfire 2" listed on their website as "projects they're working on", now it says "Crossfire HD and Crossfire X" CF HD is a remake of the original, designed for the chinese market and published by tencent, running on the older Unreal engine 3. CF X is running on the current Unreal engine 4 and basically is CF2.
Where the hell did they announce that? Literally the only thing said was "First on Xbox one", which is kinda obvious considering it was announced at Microsofts Xbox E3 presentation.
Yesterday in the E3 stream they said that the localization director insists on him being pronounced "Teagrex". #TeamTeagrex
You make 0 sense dude. Of course it will be on PC soon, I'm willing to bet that PC is the main focus, and that the game started as a PC-only title. The only reason it's coming to Xbox first, is because Microsoft has obtained the publishing rights for the west. "First on Xbox" can mean anything from a few days early access, or in the worst case a few months timely exclusivity. We'll have to wait and see. No way in hell would they neglect the main market for Free to play FPS games by "having no plans for a PC version" or waiting too long, no idea where the hell you got those infos from, but they're definitely wrong.
There's so much really important things that could really use donations this high.. Sadly those usually don't give as much publicity to the rich people/organizations. I don't see why christianity and it's monuments are held in such high regards here in europe, ultimately the christians destroyed nearly all older monestaries and monuments during the christianization, and now we're raising millions to rebuilt theirs.
A valve dev was giving a presentation about VacNet and the trust factor a while ago, he said something along the lines of "An account tied to many vac banned accounts is likely to cheat again", now I could imagine the fact that someone has multiple accounts playing CS and performing better than a normal "new player" would, could potentially already ruin your trust scores across the board. We can't know for sure, but the fact that they even take things such as multi-accounts into consideration could mean a lot of things.
Noone knows what they factor in and what they don't. This is just an idea. The guy in the presentation was specifically talking about accounts being tied to vac banned accounts, maybe it's just that.
Oh fuck.. poor guy, hope he recovers. Never been into Megadeth, but their last Album was pretty damn good.
"Beta" If it was a beta, it wouldn't be exclusive to one platform. This is a demo for $ony. E: If they wanted to make a proper beta, for game/performance/server releated issues, it would be across the board on all platforms. I'm saying this as a PS4 owner, it just smells like bullshit like most "beta's" nowadays.
Seeing Sony's involvement in nearly everything when it comes to announcing/promoting things with MHW + the fact that the PC version is being delayed yet again, I'd say pretty evil.
I don't even disagree with that, I'm saying that this isn't a proper beta test, it's basically a demo that sony most certainly paid a good sum for.
It's beyond me how a game series as big and popular as Pokemon can be treated like this..
Yeah and meanwhile here in germany they ban certain roads/areas for Diesel cars to save the world and keep the air clean.. Big companies can just buy their way around any sort of real consequences. Guess why jobs for renewable energy are being cut in favour of the brown coal industry.
Theyre all over Germany
What exactly does the FBI have to do with a Saudi journalist being murdered in a saudi embassy located in turkey?
I mean, I know it's a normal Christian symbol and all, but ultimately it displays a horrible way to torture and murder people. Wonder what Jesus would think about us hanging crosses everywhere.
Just banning cheaters and giving all new accounts they make an ultra low trust score seems the smartest way to go.
And it's the one we already have in place according to some valve dude's gdc conference last year. Pretty interesting watch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObhK8lUfIlc&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=692
It always tells me that my it shows me those screens because I've selected to be warned in my settings, when I go to those settings though, I disabled those screens. Steam at it's best.
I got 260€ on my account from getting rid of most of my cs skins, can't find anything interesting on the store no matter how long I look. There's so much junk and small indietitles being recommendet to me, it's very annoying.
What about the oil pressure and temperature gauge? Can those be trusted?
I felt like they are doing way too much to make the game easier and more accessable for quite a while now. Palico revives and the clutch claw are one more example for this.
I assume the number would drop because people with low bandwidth internet would be forced to abandon the game while definitely no new player will start playing the game because of 128 tick..
For good reason
Sometimes I'm happy for the strict regulations we have in germany
It always had, but in the beginning there was solo and squad games.
Wasn't the Parliament chanting "Death to america" just a few days ago?
Looking good, that's an estate/wagon right?
Did you get any trouble from the police/Tüv for the windshield banner ? Was thinking about getting one but I read online that it's not allowed because apparently it's fucking dangerous and could kill everyone around you or something..
Bro the PC version isn't even out yet (thanks for that capcom) of course spoilers are a thing for some people here.
Why not use 6th gear though? Please don't say "LSPI Bro" ...
I don't care about spoilers for MH personally, in my eyes it's all about the gameplay anyways, but there definitely are people still trying to avoid them for as long as they can.
They should just rename this subreddit at this point
Why bother? Epic won't get loyal costumers who genuinely like their terrible platform because of some free games. Just like rich people won't get real friends because they buy them shit, EGS won't get real costumers by giving away shit.
You definitely belong in this subreddit
I had this moment of realization when I totalled my old ST and it was put on a flatbed. Low enough for me lol.
That's exactly what $ony was trying to achieve
Isn't the 3ds region locked?
Ah alright, that makes much more sense than importing a region locked 3ds nowadays! :D
If only they would've used the extra time to properly test all the new features on PC..
Iceborn currently sits at 39% positive reviews on steam because of crashes, freezing and bad performance. With the version being this late compared to consoles, I would've thought they did some proper testing on multiple hardware configurations..
Seeing the amount or complaints and the fact that they released a list of known issues 4 minute after release tells me that they were well aware of the problems. Thing is, if you got a stable and we'll tested program, it should work well on the vast majority of systems, as seen with many other game releases. Don't make this look like an impossible task while it clearly isn't. They fucked up and deserve the criticism they receive.
They literally posted news on steam about the problems 4 minutes after release. They were absolutely aware of the problems and despite the release delay were not able to get it right.
I wouldn't wanna be this guy in Iran right now. If I remember correctly there even was his name written in the video lol.
I don't think that many people actually installed mods to begin with. Plus capcom acknowledged all these problems only a few minutes after the release, way before anyone (except for a few select people) would've been able to download and install the game.
Bro my first car was a 80hp Golf 5.. For a first car I'd always suggest a very cheap one to get comfortable with and gather experience. Something older that has been proven to be safe and reliable even at high mileage that you can just get rid of after 2-3 years to get something more exciting.
About $8.2 USD after converting from L and € to US gallon and USD.. There's loads of taxes and seriously even a tax on those taxes for gasoline in Germany, and now that we're all supposed to somehow go electric, they wanna tax it even more.
We've had 12°C where I live in germany a few days ago, as of now I haven't seen anything below -2°C this winter, and not really anything below 4°C during the day.
Wow what the hell? Those were "only" around 300-400 in FN a few years ago, what has happened? Just checked and it seems like most prices went up by a lot, damn mistakes were made..
I think you're right about the tail only being severed when it's glowing, been like that in MH Gen at least. I figured that it's much easier to cut tails (and K.O. monsters as well) when playing solo, might wanna give that a shot if you haven't already.
Where's the setting for DX12 anyways? I couldn't find it anywhere, then again maybe I shouldn't since the game runs perfectly fine for me, don't wanna risk that. :D
Just read that it's only there before loading a save, in the main menu. Gonna give it a shot tomorrow.
Same thing when I did a mission last week, felt like playing with a ping of about 250-350ms. The server I was playing on was in the "East Europe" region.
Oh that's great!! I mean it's not like we've been waiting for months already, only for capcom to release a pretty badly broken DLC..
Is it a display bug or did you actually get those points?
And that is what we've had the long delay for (at least that's the reason they give us), so why is it so damn broken on release? Also I'm pretty damn sure they have stuff who know their shit, and even if not, they could've outsourced it to a studio specialized in porting games to PC. For a AAA game all this bullshit is not acceptable.
Let's be real, the game was announced on the Sony e3 conference, all trailers of the base game were first posted by Sony and there's a history of these games having delayed PC versions. There's a whole bunch of people who would normally favor the PC version but went for the PS4 instead (or both) because of the delay, Sony paid for the PC version to come later. They could've easily outsourced it to a studio specialized in porting games to PC. Also I don't believe that the PC is that much of an unimportant platform for them, that they'd just delay it to focus on the consoles, the game is doing insanely well on PC being constantly at least in the steam top 10 for over a year now.
I was also considering a GTI or ST when I ended up buying my current car, went for the ST because A: It's cheaper while having a bit more power, and B: In germany fucking everyone drives a GTI, they're just everywhere. Ended up test driving a 2016 GTI Performance, 2015 Scirocco R and the ST and i couldn't be happier with the choice I made. Don't know about the prices in the US, but I got a 2017 ST Estate with 13000km for about 20k€, for a GTI with similar age and milage I would've been looking at around 30k€.
Well there's a Golf R wagon, Seat Leon Cupra Wagon and a Skoda Octavia RS in europe. Probably wouldn't really make the choice easier for you in the end. :D
The walking Flash Pod
Let's not forget about sitting in a lobby for an hour without anyone joining you for that one quest you really need to do.. Getting 3 random players ready has always been a pain in the ass.
251M generated, best case scenario they got around 30M from that (12%) but I imagine those exclusive deals could have special conditions. We know that they paid around 10.4M for Control, I imagine they paid quite a bit more for metro exodus and maybe even for RDR2. They also paid the discounts from their sale to the devs out of their own pockets, constantly offer new free games and keep investing in more and more exclusives, now I know that those are "investions" to establish the store, but if those numbers tell us one thing, it's that the store is nothing but a fucking money pit for Epic so far. All that's keeping them afloat is Fartnite.
I mean there'S DOOM Eternal, FF VII remake and HL Alyx being released around the time they were originally planning to release the game, I can live with having 1 less "Must Play" title in these months to be honest.
Why tho? The MK3 Estate literally weighs 24KG (about 50lb) more than the normal one and has the same wheelbase. I'm willing to bet most people wouldn't even notice the difference - and more space is always welcome.
Looking good. What's those two yellow circles on the left?
Why would you even buy a Focus without the Anti-Goat package.. that shit should have been your top priority.
Grüße zurück! Deutsche sind hier ein seltener Anblick.^ ^
Loved mine, but it had an accidental collision with the wall lately and died..
with loads of smoke from the exhaust...
Let's be real here, it's gotta be Plesioth, who the fuck else could they mean?
I mean come on, this guy is fucking perfect for the job. Also probably has NRA tattooed all over his ass.
Turns out, I'm fucking poor I guess.
My old ST was completely [fucked](https://i.imgur.com/sOZD359.jpg) in the front and no airbag deployed. Seems kinda fishy to me..
Maybe it's more sensitive to side impacts, the airbag on the steering wheel also didn't deploy. Maybe somehow the wheel was hit? If you look at the stance of the front wheels, they're completely off, both pointing outward if I'm seeing that correctly.
No he won't because the Senate will vote against it.
I got much more when it's -0°C or less, and I've been monitoring my coolant every couple of days and nothing changed. I'd say that's normal. If you look for videos on blown head gaskets or turbos you'll see that that shit usually is much more extrem.
Yeah though the vast majority uses every fucking loophole on earth to pay as little as possible, if any.
Just when I thought the curse was lifted.. *dum dum dum another one bites the dust*
The only correct color choice, hope you have a lot of fun with it.
What graphics card, resolution and framerate are you running? Could be right if you're pushing a lot of frames. I personally got a 8700K overclocked to 5ghz and a gtx 1080 playing at 1440p ultra with around 60 fps and my usage tends to be about 30-50% most of the time.
What the... why?
2017 with around 15k miles (24000km) and no problems.
I think in Europe they generally only have the ST badge, never seen a ST with the "Focus" badge here.
Yeah I also can't play online or open any steam pages like the MH Forum. Sucks, but thankfully it's a rather rare occurrence with steam.
I disassembled mine after it accidentally had a collision with the wall, and I can tell you it's very easy to replace anything on it IF you can get a hold of the parts.
I play on a controller, you can just hold R2 (I fix it into place with a ziptie) and it'll do the same thing. Only it repeats the same sequence instead of changing it up, which doesn't effect the outcome whatsoever though. I guess there's gotta be a key on the keyboard settings that does the same thing.
Bro I remember the indian CSGO servers being down for a couple of months a few years ago without Valve saying a word. You really expect official news after not even an hour?
Yeah so what? Same company, and again it was down for months without a word being said. And the last times steam was down for a couple of hours also nothing was ever said about it by valve. Just do something else with your life for a few hours.
Why are all the cool wheels I see here not available in Europe?..
What the hell is that wing on the black FiST?
I just got the feeling that they're gonna be so damn expensive that it again defeats the purpose for a true off-roader for most people. I mean if you pay 50k and upward for a car, it's not very easy for most "ordinary" people to really use it for off-roading.
Didn't he send the National guard to stop the white supremacists/extreme left or what ever the fuck they are?
You are actually aware that the iran used live ammunition, killing hundreds of protesters. The videos of peaceful protesters being shot with rubber bullets are extremely alarming of course, but comparing the US to Iran is a stretch, and most certainly they weren't given the order to ["crush protests"](https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2019/11/iran-more-than-100-protesters-believed-to-be-killed-as-top-officials-give-green-light-to-crush-protests/) by trump.
Boy will you love the puma st
Nissan is definitely a good choice. I'd also throw BMW in there. I love how the new 4 series looks (unpopular opinion I guess), but in general they seem to completely be out of touch with their costumers nowadays. The new 1 series is a horrible looking fwd 4 cylinder economy shitbox like any other, even something like a ford focus, hyundai i30 or mazda 3 look sharper and more upmarket. Similar thing goes for the new 2 series gran coupé.
Just compare the visuals of the 2 series gran coupé to the mercedes cla or the audi a3 sedan and you instantly know what's up. BMW's current design language doesn't work at all. I know people aren't too fond of the new 4 series either, but in my eyes it's a long overdue step to something new and fresh for a company that hasn't had brave designs in over a decade now.
How are people driving around fake Ferrari's and Lambo's with badges and all, but this illegal?
That's your opinion, I think it looks amazing. The License plate placement is pretty horrible though.
Congrats, posting bail for people who most certainly weren't peaceful protesters, but violent rioters, damaging property and looting stores of completely innocent americans.
Yeah I wanna see you watch those lunatics burn down your store, that you've built up and worked hard for for decades. If you seriously believe destroying property of people from the community is about sending a message to the police or government, you're a fool.
Same can be said about 3, 4 and 5 series. Most of them are x20d/x20i here in Germany. Those models still look good and expensive though.
I mean I can fit mine in the station wagon with both wheels attached and it worked with 1 wheel detached in my old golf 5 so I am 99% sure it'll fit in the st hatchback. There a shitload of space in hatchbacks if you move the passenger seat forward.
Yeah I mean sure, but the iran [isn't in the position to say that](https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2019/11/iran-more-than-100-protesters-believed-to-be-killed-as-top-officials-give-green-light-to-crush-protests/).
Agreed 100% I absolutely love how it looks and I hope they keep evolving this style in the future.
Probably because they can overcharge us massively. It's crazy how much we pay for cars, my focus st was roughly 34000€, that's $38000 usd. The old gti performance started at 38000€ or $42500 USD.
Damn I need a splitter like that for my focus as well, looks awesome on yours.
People like what they like
"protests"
Granted, a single unarmed old man in a wheelchair is pretty fucking intimidating for a big group armed riot units with a helmet. What the fuck is going on..
He looked it up while we were on the phone, he knows my car and he told me that the offical ford recommendation in their software is 5,4L (which is the correct amount, checked that, no worries) of 5W20. Online many people claim that their dealership told them the same and as I said before, people wrote emails to the ford support and were told 5W20 is correct, it seems to be legit, though very vague and confusing.
You can just pull the headliner back a bit and route the cables behind it along the windshield, down the a pillar and underneath the passenger floor mat or seat. That's what I did with my dashcam. There are small rubber lips along the door cell as well which can hide wires. That way you wouldn't have them come down the windshield all the way, but rather just a small part of the wire visible until it disappears in the roof.
It's not the techs, it's Ford. Today I called the dealership I bought it from, and they too confirmed that their database says 5W20. Just for comparison I looked up the euro mk7.5 gti performance, which also has a 2.0 turbo petrol with very similar horsepower (245hp) and it turns out vw uses 0w20 on all their 2.0 turbo engines. Seems to be in order to lower their fleet emissions since they'll have to pay fines in Europe of they are too high. Seems like it improves fuel economy by roughly 2.5%, yay. I'll change it myself I guess, I'm one lazy SOB though. What's fucking annoying is that there is no official public info on that, all the info we as owners have says 5w30, all the info dealerships have says 5w30.
Jesus man what size are those? 20/21 inch?
Wow they look much bigger on this picture somehow.
https://i.imgur.com/3nE5fk8.jpg [That fucker flew like a football](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjJ0lSuz4jU). RIP little guy E: how's that a controversial comment? There was absolutely nothing I could've done lol.
Wait are you saying there was absolutely no coolant in the system? Wow how does that happen.. Dealership or random car workshop?
Nextbase 422GW, Pretty expensive, but the quality is amazing and that can be critical if you need to capture license plates. My first Focus was[ totalled 2 days after picking it up exactly a year ago today](https://i.imgur.com/XMKOOF8.jpg) because some dickhead wanted that sweet insurance money and set me up for the rear-end collision trick. First thing I did when I got my new one was to install a dashcam.
yeah 13.500€ damage on my car, [virtually nothing](https://i.imgur.com/UbzXpL2.jpg) on their car but they somehow got 6500€ from my insurance. I mean look at that fucked license plate and tell me he hasn't been in "a crash" before.
Seems like replacing just the lens cover isn't a think for our cars, at least I couldn't find anything about it. I'd just get cheaper aftermarket ones, or even better, keep searching for another one without the problem. The OEM part is crazy expensive.
If I had a beautiful place like that I'd be working on my car all day every day. Actually, I'm lazy as fuck and still wouldn't do shit, nevermind.
There's no way that came out the factory like this. The owner must have done this to his car.
If you get the performance pack, the focus has anti lag and a function to shift without having to release the gas pedal which is pretty neat.
Oh for fucks sake....
Hands down the best YouTube channel out there. Crazy how they're not gaining any subs these days.
Good bot
People here just aren't too fond of ST badges on non ST cars
Every time I asked what "evidence" they have to support their theory, all I was told over and over again is that there was 5G at the market in Wuhan where the virus supposedly emerged from. Don't know if in those peoples minds there's more to it, but I doubt it. Just an endless echo chamber of discrediting reasonable voices and quoting "experts" who are talking out their asses.
In Germany all dealerships got 5w20 in their database for whatever fucking reason. My local dealership and the one I bought the car from both confirmed that. There is no official public information about the switch though, which is seriously stupid.
Yeah but the amount is actually correct. Both dealerships looked in their database to confirm it, Ford's official recommendation for the 2.0 Ecoboost in the Focus ST (in europe/germany at least) is 5W20. My fuel cap, manual and an article on the Ford website say otherwise though, basically saying it's certified and recommended for all petrol ford engines EXCEPT the ST, RS and Ka. https://i.imgur.com/5CBGch7.jpg Wouldn't be surprised if they made a mistake in the database and nobody noticed for years. I tell the dealership to use 5W30 or nothing.
Do ST models that are being sold in a state the requires a front license plate actually come with another bumper or how are they attached? Never seen one mounted there so far.
I personally like it. Finally a step in a new direction instead of just the same over and over again.
Not an american, but I'm pretty sure there's some sort of law that prohibits cars younger than 25 years or so from being imported. Why would these be different?
I'll never understand why games put word filters. Never leads to less insulting, people just write them differently. But whatever, at least we can disable it so no big deal.
Love them, what model are they? Btw you posted this 5 times, might wanna delete 4 of those. :D
Never had any complaints with mine. My old golf 5 and my current 2017 focus st both were perfectly fine in that regard.
&gt; My Internet connection is quite bad for the Moment Sry... Yeah of course it is, I'm in germany too, I know your pain. :D
Damn that's cool! Bought BFV and BF4, always wanted to try them out but couldn't be bothered to buy them on origin since I just tend to sell stuff on steam for new games. Still, bummer that EA, Ubisoft and the others nowadays require you to basically launch their launcher through steam in order to play their games.
Doubt it
You're just more directly involved in the driving. Also automatic transmissions tend to be more expensive when buying, more expensive to fix when stuff breaks, and to me it just doesn't make sense going for an automatic, when the alternative is cheaper, generally more reliable and more fun. I'll never understand why manuals are such a rare thing in the US. In Europe I'd say most cars are still manuals, probably mainly because it's cheaper and usually we learn on stick shift cars.
It's beyond me how americans are still glorifying and waving that flag. That's basically like germans and the Nazi's, for both countries it's history that their grandparent's might have fought for, in both cases it shouldn't be glorified. Germans understand that for the most part, american's don't.
Where were the threads when [CBS used pictures from an italian hospital claiming it's NY](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/cbs-news-italian-hospital/), twice?.. You guys are pretty selective when it comes to exposing the bullshit of the big news channels.
We both know there most certainly were a few that were downvoted to oblivion like my comment will be in a few hours, you know how it goes here on reddit. You can find a couple, none got more than 1000.
Is that so? If you ask me both is deceptive and purposeful to make things look more dramatic and exciting than they are. Especially considering they did it a 2nd time after apologizing.
People in Germany also aren't waving and glorifying the Nazi Hakenkreuz flag without consequences. "Heritage" or "History", in the end it shouldn't be put on a pedestal by people in the 21st century.
Yeah all cops are bastards because of some bad apples. Not to say there's not a problem, but you guys are lunatics.
Really? Same can be said about black people, white people, or literally every human being, if you wanna go with that dumb twisted logic. That doesn't make any sense whatsoever. Many cops became policemen to help people and to make America a better place, now they have to fear being attacked for doing their damn job because some angry lunatics can't think straight.
That's some waterproof math right there. Dude just stay reasonable. Fighting the cause and the problematic individuals is the way to go. At some point you might need help and they won't be there for you.
Reddit has really become a shithole full of lunatics nowadays. All these threads making the frontpage, or top comments with ACAB are so ridiculous. Good chunk of the policemen out there are good people who became cops to help and make america a better place. Generalizing groups of people is never good, if you think about it that's exactly what BLM is fighting against.
So how exactly does this make your friendly local policeman who never caused any trouble a bastard? Still not quite clear to me.
So in your words everything would be perfectly fine, fun and sunshine without the police? Yeah right, fool. You'll never realize how much we need them until they're gone, think about the looting and destruction in the streets x10 if there's no law enforcement. The was majority of policemen probably never even thought about any of the stuff you mentioned and are just doing their damn job of enforcing the law. I hope some cities in the US seriously disband their police force and go down in utter chaos, cause there's no way on earth that's gonna end well. You can see right now what happens when the police is attacked and overwhelmed with the situations. People getting beaten up or killed, shops getting looted, property being destroyed etc. But yeah, instead of actually making the politicians change things, lets shame each and every policeman for going to the police instead, makes fucking sense since america doesn't need them anyways.. jesus
thought so
Is that yellow rope attached to the grill? Anyways, looks great, damn I really didn't like them at first but the snowflakes have grown on me.
I'd assume you just always get the message if someone you reported gets a vac ban, even if your report had nothing to do with him getting caught.
Was the connection loose or something? Cause that could've been a problem. If it was connected properly I'd probably still get it checked out or just change the coil pack to be sure.
Well cars have gotten much more complex over the last decades and, you know, direct injection.
While it's extremely bizarre how a policeman could misjudge the situation like that, they were extremely polite, patient and friendly until he started kicking and hitting around to resist the rightful arrest, for driving drunk and falling asleep in the car, twice within minutes. He took the taser of one policeman ran and pointed it at one of them. Again, obviously doesn't justify shooting an unarmed man in the back while he's running, but how about accepting that you are in the wrong and just letting them arrest you for christ's sake.
Wait what the fuck? Nowadays, at least here in germany, german cars are much more expensive than in the US. When I was over there once I was stunned by how cheap you can get "base model" C-Class or 3-Series compared to us. Those base models are cheaper than out much weaker c180/318i base models.
Looks more like "There are so many people filming, you two white officers can't do shit to me" on the video. I mean he was able to do that stupid drug test and all, no way he was this drunk.
I only ever see others complain about it being a full on circlejerk, it's all memes, fun and jokes really.
It certainly is a very well known fact my dude.
Turns out, no matter the brand there can be problems. This kinda stuff usually is made by some company which distributes it to many car manufacturers. You often find the same shit in cars from different brands without knowing it.
Maybe a little bit. It's mainly about the boot space, both got the same wheelbase.
Not a fan personally
I read it 3 times and still don't get it
There is no a3 wagon, it's compact hatchback and sedan. The Golf will get a wagon later this year.
Could be a different turbo
NA Spec with german license plate? Never been a fan of race red on the ST, but damn with the black accents it looks incredible.
Not a fan of the exterior either. But it drives very well, had one as a rental car for work once. In terms of performance it definitely is worth it, with the performance pack you get some neat stuff like anti-lag and the option to shift without having to let off the gas pedal.
I checked some pictures and can't figure out what you mean. Do the US ST's not get leather door panel trim or do you mean something else? Cause mine has leather on the doors.
[This](https://i.imgur.com/kiRjz4w.jpg) is mine, 2017 Focus ST Estate. Got the Leather+Cloth seats which is the st2 pack in NA.
How on earth does that even happen? You got the full leather seats and armrest, but cloth door panels? What the...
No way in hell was it coincidental. It got people talking, loads of news outlets posted about it, and now those news outlets will post about it a 2nd time because it's been delayed. Pure marketing
Isn't it kind of stupid to protest against generalization of a race while at the same time generalizing millions of policemen?..
Best color Ford ever offered. Sucks that they no longer offer it. Love the Mondeo wagon.
There isn't gonna be a next round. Even Sweden was completely fine and never had any overwhelmed hospitals, without a lockdown. Even if there was a 2nd outbreak, which I doubt, it won't be as bad as the first one since we now know much more than we did back then. Even the Rober Koch Institute who release these numbers say they don't see a reason for concern. This is all about these few big outbreaks, not representative for germany overall.
"aleady happening" where?.. I check the official rki numbers every day and they're super low. The last few days were a bit higher due to an enormous outbreak at a slaughterhouse, still super low overall. Just today the rki said there's no reason for concern. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.stuttgarter-zeitung.de/inhalt.coronavirus-in-deutschland-r-wert-stark-gestiegen-robert-koch-institut-sieht-keinen-grund-zu-besorgnis.6ca9983b-8642-4aef-9514-1405a2656947._amp.html Even the leading virologist in Germany isn't so sure about a 2nd wave or the need for a lockdown in case of a 2nd wave anymore. https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.welt.de/wissenschaft/article208566881/Drosten-glaubt-so-langsam-an-keine-zweite-Corona-Welle-bis-Herbst.html But just keep living in your echchamber and label everyone who doesn't agree with your views a "fucking buffoon". Cheers.
Really do they? I read a lot about scientists starting to double down on that claim over the past few weeks here in Germany. And are you actually trying to tell me that colder temperatures hinder the spread of a virus? Sweden also has big cities just like us, how is population density of their land relevant at all? A crowded city in Germany is as crowded as one in Sweden. You can translate it, leading virologist no longer so sure about 2nd wave. That's the guy who invented the tests. https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.welt.de/wissenschaft/article208566881/Drosten-glaubt-so-langsam-an-keine-zweite-Corona-Welle-bis-Herbst.html
That's the thing, mini lockdowns. The approach is to quarantine those effected, not everyone in the country. That requires the ability to track the chain of infection which we now have more than ever with the new app and safety precautions in place. That's how Japan handle'd the situation and our experts say that we should follow their example. https://www.zeit.de/wissen/gesundheit/2020-05/covid-19-christian-drosten-corona-virus-pandemie-prognose-verbreitung
Damn that's a beautiful car and seems to be in great condition, congrats.
The euro Fiesta ST has a 1.5L 3-Cylinder 200hp engine, don't know how compact it is overall or if you can hook up whatever DSG you wanna use though.
Yeah that's what I mean, hence I didn't say "those infected", those effected are the ones that had contact with the confirmed cases. It's about stopping the chain of infection at it's root, not locking down the entire country because the numbers are high (which they still aren't) in 1 area. That's the new strategy in germany and we'll see how it goes. The big outbreak in the slaughterhouse is big in numbers and massively raises the R-Factor, but in reality those are all contractors from eastern europe who live in very crowded accommodations and don't have much contact with people outside, those are pretty easy to contain. As I said in other comments, even the Robert Koch Institut which releases those numbers say that as of now there's no need for concern despite the steep rise of the R-Factor. The infection numbers are so damn low overall that very punctual outbreak massively raise it for the entire country.
That's the ST Line, not the ST. Still good looking car, don't know what it is, but somehow the ST Line looks better than the actual ST this generation.
What the.. I got the previous gen ST wagon and I'm sitting at 8,2L/100km with a lot of short travelling (6km to work) and a lot of sporty driving. I thought the 3-Cylinders are super economical.
Well my old one was [totalled](https://imgur.com/a/ZwyrS3U) after some dickhead pulled the rear end collision trick on me. 13,500€ damage for an impact that didn't even lock up the seatbelts of trigger any airbag. Then [I hit a cat at 109km/h with my new one just last month](https://imgur.com/a/hgG7GvO), 2604€ in repairs. At the end of the day, the bumper is plastic on both ends, there's metal behind it. Not that different from other cars. After a certain impact speed they're all toast.
It still is under control.. Just yesterday the RKI said that there is no reason for concern, the huge increase comes from very punctual local hotspots. They still say that overall in the rest of the country infection numbers are very low. With numbers as incredibly low as they are, it doesn't take a lot for the R-Factor to increase drastically.
They actually do live very isolated in one location, that's the point. Those people are contractors from eastern europe, living all together in accommodations by the factory. So theoretically very easy to contain, and chances are they haven't had much contact with people outside their job. We'll have to see how it plays out.
As pointed out by many, local hotspots are the reason for the huge increase. The R-Factor is one of many factors to determine the path of the Pandemic, it's not the only one and doesn't necessarily offer an accurate picture of what's going on. Got this from another article about the 2.88 R-Factor: *In most federal states, the number of new infections remains low. In the state of Thüringen, which first lifted the contact restrictions about a week ago, the situation remains manageable. Three new cases have been reported to the authorities there in the past 24 hours. More than 140 counties have reported no new infections at all in the past seven days.* **Original:** *In den meisten Bundesländern ist die Zahl der Neuinfektionen weiterhin gering. Auch im Bundesland Thüringen, das vor etwa einer Woche als erstes die Kontaktbeschränkungen aufgehoben hat, bleibt die Lage überschaubar. In den vergangenen 24 Stunden wurden den Behörden dort drei neue Fälle gemeldet. Mehr als 140 Landkreise meldeten in den vergangenen sieben Tagen überhaupt keine Neuinfektionen.* Source: https://www.general-anzeiger-bonn.de/news/panorama/lokale-ausbrueche-erhoehen-bundesweite-corona-fallzahlen_aid-51759329
I'm telling you, these publishers massively underestimate our laziness. If it's a "must have" game for me, I'll probably buy it no matter where, but if it's one of those "yeah I might check that out" type of games, AND it's not on steam, I couldn't be bothered.
I'd say it does. Always a bit harder to judge if you don't hear it in person, but these engines sound super weird and almost Diesel-like especially when hot.
Braking from 100km/h down to about 20-30km/h to close the distance, then while in full acceleration performing a full emergency stop out of nowhere.
Even just facts can be misleading if the news outlet isn't truly unbiased. They can decide to just not report about certain things, or leave out context that might help explain the situation better.
My first car also was a golf 5 (1.4l 80hp) and it was awesome. Don't get me wrong, it was pretty slow obviously, but it was extremely solid. Drove it from 80000km to 150000km and had 0 issues despite being really relentless and basically going full throttle up to 3500-5000rpm all the time.
I'm at 28mpg (8,2l/100km) if the board computer is to be trusted.
I don't get it
Golf R Variant or the new Audi RS6.
Not really all that much.
One of the very few "Conspiracy theories" that make you look like a moron if you don't believe it.
Any problems bigger problems along the way? What about carbon buildup on the valves?
Seriously shows how quickly a completely harmless situation can turn really ugly if you behave like a complete moron.
Most people's grandmothers aren't this dumb, and actually accept the fine when they made a mistake instead of fleeing the police and kicking an officer. 😂😂😂
His job literally is to enforce the law, what do you expect when you flee the police and start kicking the officer when he's trying to arrest you. What is wrong here, is her stupid behavior.
I live in germany myself, but that's beyond the point. It's no happening because of a ticket, it's happening because she fled in her car and kicked the officer when he tried to arrest her. Signing that ticket only means you acknowledge that you received it. You can still object it in afterwards.
Thing is, most cases of Police violence we see, are because people don't do as they're told and behave stupid despite being at the wrong. The case of Rayshard Brooks is a perfect example. Of course the policemen made a gigantic mistake shooting a fleeing unarmed man in the back, there's no debating that it's their fault, but if he wouldn't have resisted, hit the officers, stolen a taser and pointed it back at them while runing away, the whole situation would've been much safer for everyone.
She is violently resisting an arrest, that's the point. You can't compare that to the way things are handled here. Was it 100% okay to taser her? Probably not. Was it deserved? Fuck yeah.
&gt;What is your point? * Thing is, most cases of Police violence we see, are because people don't do as they're told and behave stupid despite being at the wrong. &gt;shooting a man in his back is justifiable because he stole their taser? * Of course the policemen made a gigantic mistake shooting a fleeing unarmed man in the back, there's no debating that it's their fault Poor reading comprehension or are you trying to lay words into my mouth?..
Damn that thing looks awesome. But those "Exhaust tips" if they even are real ones, look horrible as always. When will manufacturers stop that nonsense..
