I'm very sorry this had that affect on you, but I want to thank you for pointing out your discomfort, so that I (and hopefully others) could rethink my support for the post. Initially I wrote it off as a moderately funny joke but I see now how it can be taken poorly by others. Thank you for that, and I promise I'll do my best to keep this from becoming a trend.
Apparently if the prosecutor had pursued a sexual battery charge, it would have likely been an open and shut case, but the rape charge was "a leap" because of how their stupid law is written.
He's sitting next to Hillary.
I mean, to be fair, 54% of them voted for djt...Of the ones who voted, anyway.
That would be Dan Quayle's wife, Marilyn.
Yikes @ u And fuck off with your transphobia, bigoted asshole.
I think your first questions are missing the point that the baby isn't created until it's born. Up to that point, it's a fetus. The man and woman create the embryo that turns into the fetus, and the woman rightly gets to choose whether she allows that fetus to remain in her body, but the man made the decision when he slept with her to accept the possibility that she may get pregnant and wish to allow the embryo to remain. If you don't want to have the possibility of having a child that you don't want, use protection and know your partners well enough to trust that they will have an abortion should it come to that. And if it does come to that and they decide not to have an abortion, sorry about your luck, but you still had a hand in creating the thing that turned into an actual living, breathing child, and you don't get to turn your back on it just because the mother made a decision you disagree with, because it isn't fair to the child.
Welp this got disappointing...
It's a fart, but you're sitting or laying in such a way that instead of exiting in the normal way, the air slides up or down your butt crack and enters your labia. Then you basically fart again but this time with your vagina.
They sell some at Davod's Mediterranean Market on the corner of 183 and Anderson Mill, but I can't attest to the quality because I've never tried it.
Tbf that isn't the point. While I think the point being made is shitty, it's that having daughters is supposed to make you realize that women are people too. Which you should do anyway, regardless of whether you have daughters, but...
Aww you tried, little peanut. Maybe next time!
Incorrect, but thanks for playing.
Technically not true, but I'm not sure if you're joking because I've had a few shots.
Ok but it has literally nothing to do with anything in this thread? But you keep on trying, maybe you'll get there someday.
I mean, pre-cum can carry sperm in certain circumstances.
Oh sure, because *we* came up with that word 🙄
But all the porn is gone :(
Except this happens a lot...
I know women who have been turned down for this reason, but that's not one of your options, so I'm not sure if it counts as valid evidence in your holy opinion...
And?
She didn't make the statement.
Decidedly yes. You can *see* the clit, mate!
The rare \#notallwomen? Must be your lucky night, OP!
Congrats!
I mean, if you think that you can feel the g spot easier than the clit, I may have some bad news for you.
It's natural, but it still hides/highlights features the way makeup can.
lol fuck off.
Sometimes people with pale skin just turn red, doesn't have to be a medical condition.
bUt YoU wOuLdN't AsK a FiSh HoW tO cAtCh FiSh!
Fucking amazing, tbh. I'd be just starting my second semester of college, which would open me up to a lot of opportunities, as long as I chose to change my major. I also looked my best about 10 years ago, and maybe if I have a sense of everything that happened in "the last 10 years/my dream" I'd work to continue on that path. Can this please, please happen?
What? The daughter says it's about drugs, then the dad says it's not about drugs, it's a dope song.
Again, you seem to be ignoring a lot of context from the OP. They aren't saying it's hard to express themselves, period; they're saying it's hard to do it *without others jumping in with misogynistic bullshit* and turning it into a shitshow. I agree with what you're saying, that it is difficult for anyone to express their feelings when they aren't used to expressing themselves, but I don't think that's the main point of the OP.
I looked it up and most places just don't find it worth it, because it's a hassle and not enough people would order it to make it worth carrying.
Blue is OP's sister, but grey is not OP. OP is a third party.
I got to Jennifer Garner and Juliette Lewis before I lost what remained of my faith in humanity.
Oh lawd he spewing bullshit
I love animals, and I don't know if I could have done what you did, but I can say it was the right thing to do. Rabbits are fairly sensitive and can easily have heart attacks when frightened. Combined with the serious injuries, there's almost no chance that you could have taken the rabbit anywhere for whatever help it may have been able to get. You lessened its suffering in the quickest, most humane way that you could. Thank you for helping, and I hope you can come to terms with what happened very soon.
That's not what people are upset about, it's about this sub not having the chance to participate in a charity drive because the mods were too petty to allow posts here about it. Thousands of dollars more could have been raised if these fucks cared about anything other than their egos.
How stupidly inappropriate of that guy! If there's anyone who works there above him, I suggest contacting them about his behavior. If he was so inappropriate with you during an interview, I wouldn't be surprised if they were able to establish a pattern of behavior toward employees. And at the very least, they can talk to him about appropriate behavior during an interview.
As a bisexual, this reasoning *kills* me! Just because I'm into men and women (and everyone in-between/outside of those designations if they're attractive to me!) doesn't mean I'm incapable of being in a fulfilling monogamous relationship any more than the next hetero. Using that as an excuse to justify biphobia is so tired. I don't mean to take my feelings on the matter out on you, btw. I get what you're saying and why, and I don't blame you for reaching for that justification nor do I think you're biphobic, I just needed to throw my two cents in.
Um biphobia does exist, though, and this seems likely to stem from that, if his problem is with the fact that he's worried that she might not be fulfilled in their relationship because she's bi. OP mentioned in a comment that the dude's brother is gay, so I'm leaning toward biphobia.
Thank you! It's gonna be my roller derby name if I ever get brave.
https://i.imgur.com/ps2hsYa.gifv
Take a trip to /new, it's already starting.
This is not gonna go well.
He was the runt, but he had already grown to be the biggest of the wolves before everyone left Winterfell in AGoT.
I mean, this is showerthoughts, not r/HP.
Yeah, I do get that, and as I said, nothing I was saying was really directed at you, because I understand where you're coming from; but, the argument is made often enough that I figured it wouldn't hurt for a few people who may need to hear it to maybe read the way that argument can sound to bisexuals. From my perspective, as a bisexual who has yet to have a relationship with a woman, if I fell in love with the "perfect" man tomorrow, as long as I have masturbation I'm no different from any other monogamous person in my ability or desire to remain monogamous.
lol
Expectations: Reinforced.
Yes because those are the only ways to get a felony conviction 🙄
Yeah, nothing like fresh, hot misogyny! That definitely hasn't been done to death.
Yep.
Oh fuck off with the TERF "logic" 🙄
Airplane
Theoretically, but you can also put too much pressure on the area just trying to hold it firmly. If one isn't sure how much pressure is too much, but they're familiar with the snake enough to know it's harmless, I'd rather they do what this girl did instead of risking injury to the snake.
You really said that in 2019, wow
If only I could get bi-themed ones :(
In the middle of the wrap, which was then cut in half... It's not that complicated.
But I'm bi, that's as gay as I can go!
Apparently it happens the first Saturday of every June!
\#NotAllChristians So helpeful.
1. Not everything is supposed to be funny. 2. Fuck off.
Since they're talking specifically there about "the suspected crime," they do indeed have to include "alleged" when speaking about potential victims of it.
&gt; “I want equality for everybody, except trans women because I don’t believe they’re women. They don’t fit my personal idea of what a woman is supposed to be.” What's infuriating is that they make this argument that supporting the idea of being transgender is supporting strict gender roles because "how can you not *feeeeeeeeeel* like something that's entirely socially constructed?!?!?!?!" and then try to make us out to sound like we're the problem for "rEiNfOrCiNg GeNdEr RoLeS". They're so stupid it hurts.
You're missing the point, bruh. People already do the booty-text at 2AM thing. This is advice to make your booty-text more appealing. Oh nevermind, I've seen your other comments. You're not getting booty anyway, so it doesn't matter if you're terminally stupid.
&gt; I'm not an incel, I'm a volcel Well thank the gods for small miracles. Maybe soon you can progress to volhermit and leave everyone alone.
Cool but you didn't say murderers, you said criminals. Also, murderers, manslaughterers, homicide perpetrators, etc. are still just people. People commit atrocities all the time, and one of the scariest things about them is that they're just regular people. Attempting to remove someone's humanity (especially if you hope for rehabilitation, which I'm guessing you may not) from them is counterproductive, alienating which contributes to repeat offenses, and minimizes the responsibility of humanity to look after itself. Also, out of curiosity, how does that logic extend to military members, police officers, and people who kill in legitimate acts of self defense? Are they not people either? Is it only when you kill with malice that your humanity is removed? Soldiers may have malicious thoughts against the enemy, police against life-threatening criminals. Or only when you kill and are prosecuted for it? Where do you draw the line?
&gt; Dude Corner: Why I’m Not Ready for a Female President, But Totally Stoked for a Woman to Rule Westeros That one didn't age well...
What the fuckity fuck even
But how do I get to keep abortionofjustice@sharklasers.com as my email address?
Though it is a real problem sometimes, just throwing that out there.
I've seen that full episode once, maybe twice because I'm a masochist, but somehow, and I have no idea how because I couldn't have described the opening to you if you hadn't already said it, but *somehow* I always recognize that episode immediately when it starts. And then I promptly change the channel.
But it's not *just* a men's issue. Women need to understand these things so they don't feel bad about themselves when a dude doesn't want to fuck, and so they don't exhibit harmful behavior in response to it. It's a women's issue for women to learn not to be toxic.
She's a TERF, so she's a professional asshole-who-tells-people-how-they-should-feel-about-their-own-bodies.
I've had that weird gap forever. It fucking sucks. There is *nothing* I can do to give myself cleavage :(
You can't really target areas for weight loss, you just have to lose weight and hope it comes from the areas you want, or do it until you've lost it everywhere.
Problem is, we haven't seen the eggs since season 1. She'd have had to take one way back then, and not get caught.
Both? If you can't see how it's harmful for women to feel lesser just because their partner happens to not be horny, I don't know how to help you.
Ah yes, I forgot about the recent switch to FART, how silly of me! These FARTs just keep changing willy-nilly with the wind, it's hard to keep track.
If TERF is now FART, can SWERFs be SHARTs? Sex-Helper Antagonist Reaching Turds or something much more clever than I'm capable of right now.
TERFs have absolutely nothing to do with lesbians. Some are one, some are both, but they are 100% unrelated. Don't try to drag lesbians down with your bullshit.
Finally found my flair!
Pirates of the Caribbean. The first one was great, and I even like 2 and 3 for the most part, but they were wholly unnecessary, and I won't even touch 4-6(?).
What's the average price difference, if you don't mind me asking?
And the Office has a prominent gay character. This guy is willfully ignorant or just plain ignorant.
God, right? This article is a fucking masterpiece!
America's Ass™ is the only thing I can remember.
They can be the first Daario.
Ah you right. Sorry, guess they didn't shove the gay far enough down my throat so I forgot that completely normal thing happened. But how dare it happen! 😡
Oh yeah, so many dudes crying over Brie Larson just being involved, and then some also crying over her not being involved enough because "what was the point of her character if all she did was save Tony and Nebula's lives and also fight in the major battle scene..." They're about as transparent as a window.
I bought a pee funnel for a roadtrip a couple years back, so worst case if I ever go camping again, I'll be able to use that instead of peeing all over myself or stripping.
Oh honey, dump that tool, he is doing you no favors and you can do so much better based off of nothing but this post. He's basically wearing a suit of red flags.
Yep, that makes much more sense ideologically, thanks!
Yes and no; most women (I believe; I can't remember the exact percentage, but I'll see if I can find the source I remember reading in a bit) who seek abortions already have children. I find this often stumps pro-birthers who argue from a "only evil baby haters have abortions!" perspective, because obviously if they chose to have (a) child(ren) *and then* choose to have an abortion, you can damn well bet they probably have a good reason, not that that should be necessary. ETA: &gt;Fifty-nine percent of abortions in 2014 were obtained by patients who had had at least one birth.6 From [The Guttmacher Institute] (https://www.guttmacher.org/fact-sheet/induced-abortion-united-states) of course.
No, you're misunderstanding. Every child should be wanted, ergo if you don't want a child you should have an abortion.
Yeah, you're lost on this one buddy...
Nope, complete bullshit, but thanks for playing, TERF.
Sorry you're ridiculously trying to claim that all lesbians are bigots just because you happen to be one.
That was probably about the Frost Bank; UT Tower was designed by a French dude from PA.
Get the fuck out of here with this racist bullshit.
&gt; "the careers women choose tend to pay more" *Think* you meant to say "pay less," here?
Seems insulting to all of those people to assume that they can't understand the very basic concept of cleaning things... My parents never had cast iron cookware, but when I was gifted some, I looked up how to clean it. It's just that some people, who tend to be men, completely neglect everything about cleaning anything and assume it either doesn't need to be done or that someone else will do it.
You should go back for the perfect loop.
I'm guessing they just play one on the internet.
You can never prevent 100% of unwanted pregnancies. Birth control, all of it, has the potential to fail. Even using two methods concurrently has that potential. Add in that people get raped (and plan b doesn't work for everyone), people are in abusive relationships where they are raped and prevented from using/accessing birth control. Imo there's no good reason for anyone else to have a say in whether someone has an abortion, other than their doctor (and that doctor's opinion should be limited to medical fact, not religious doctrine, which happens all too often). No one else can know the whole of their circumstances, and no one is in a better position to know whether that person is able to handle carrying a pregnancy to term and going through labor, delivery, and whatever nightmares might come along with being postpartum.
"Human rights" is a "hot topic"?
Nice racism
I hope they're paying you well. Actually, not really.
Are you assuming all birth control only costs $10/month for everyone, or are you suggesting the only method necessary is condoms?
Thanks gerrymandering!
We don't talk about Western Louisiana...
That's complete bullshit. 5 of our 6 major cities are blue, spread out from Houston to San Antonio to El Paso to Dallas. There's a voting district that stretches from East Austin (very liberal) to northern San Antonio (liberal) just so it can encompass several large conservative communities in-between. It's blatant and disgusting, don't make excuses for it.
Oh fuck off with that ignorance.
You could look into a bidet, I've heard they're basically miracle workers, and they're getting cheaper and easier to install by yourself.
Hi, I have a copper iud and if I were using regular tampons (like a teenage girl might feel she has to use because anything heavier-duty is often made fun of (Mean Girls anyone?)) I would easily burn through about that many during my week.
1. Where? 2. What kind of bc? 3. How many "girls" have you polled for this?
There were a bunch of people in the comments naming pro-LGBTQ stuff, so maybe he just wasn't satisfied with the response he was getting for some reason 🤷
Many lesbians are also biphobic :(
In Texas, they're more likely to have the Texas flag draped over the mantel.
I think the queer ladies tend to be on the fringier apps, like Her, Hinge, Bumble, etc. Better luck next time!
I mean, it's easy, it's just time consuming.
You're really good at making me feel less alone, so thanks for that!
Oh yeah, my friend and I are Hufflepuffs to the core and we're some of the biggest misanthropes around.
Sorry about the breakup, but I hope you have fun rediscovering parts of yourself that were pushed to the back by the relationship (not commenting on your specific situation, I just feel like that's a common occurrence in relationships!), and that the you who moves on is someone you can admire :)
Yeah :( Netflix seems to like cancelling its shows after 3 seasons, regardless of how they're doing.
Haha I've never used it, but that does sound frustrating! But you never know, shoot your shot with not!Bar, maybe you'll get lucky :)
I doubt it. They don't cancel every show after 3 (OITNB, The Ranch, Bojack, Grace and Frankie), but most of the "fringe" shows don't make it past 3. Allegedly, they like to cancel shows before they become too expensive.
I'm not assuming, I have RES tags for people like this because I don't like bigots. You're free to check their post history and make your own assessment.
I don't know how you could possibly think that's what I meant by my comment. I was commenting specifically on their use of "female," because TERFs/FARTs like to emphasize biological terms as dog whistles for their bigotry. Oh wait, time to add another RES tag for your bigoted ass.
Not really sure what you mean by that; I don't think either of those people are men, but transphobic women.
Alien Boy by Oliver Tree Across the Room by Odesza ft. Leon Bridges Addicted to Love by Skylar Grey
Yeah, they also don't include subs like GC which would be very helpful =\
Ooh girl I think he's into you!
It's their theory, nothing says it...
Why are we entertaining such irrational fears?
Keep an eye on it, ply her with feminist media, and hope she figures it out for herself before too long. Sadly, there are some things only experience can teach us =\
Are you Ron Burgundy?
You mean score, not soundtrack. Soundtrack would include songs like Florence's cover of Jenny of Oldstones. The score is the music written to play during the show.
&gt; Though I guess you could say she didn't fully embrace her feminine side either. I don't know about that. She was never specifically unfeminine in any way, her femininity just wasn't highlighted because it didn't matter to the story in the same way that Harry was never shown to be "masculine," he was just Harry. Molly fucking Weasley is another great example of a feminine heroine from that series, IMO.
Hmm could be, it's been a while since I read the books so I don't remember a lot of that. Mostly I remember Katniss seeing her as a little girl because she felt protective of her, but I could see how some feminine-coding may have crept into the "little girl" descriptors/imagery.
He didn't have a poor primary showing just because he lost. It was much closer than it was expected to be, and it helped several red counties turn blue.
Good point, and I'd also add Charmed!
I agree on those points, I just think it's unfair to call his initial Senate run a poor showing, since it went just about as well as it could have given the amount of issues with voting machines and registrations going missing and whatnot.
Gotcha, that makes more sense!
What does "being the best" even mean in the context of having relationships?!
Ok but like...women were the gatherers though. Edit: ITT everyone assuming I'm agreeing with cro magnon man in the OP. Not the case, but go off I guess.
This is generally a welcoming environment for all of our sisters (not just the cisters) :) The FARTs who hang out here are pretty easy to spot and not nearly as good at making jokes.
What a shit reason not to delete it tbh.
https://support.spotify.com/article/i-want-to-use-spotify-without-facebook/
I'm not? My point was literally just that women did the work of gathering, more than men. Apparently that's not a good thing to point out?
Sure, but I've also read that women had/have more advantages for gathering (fewer instances of color blindness, better ability to differentiate between similar colors, etc), which is pretty dope.
I don't really get how that is the interpretation when cooking =/= gathering, but ok. And yes, oversimplified, but as I mentioned in another comment, women tend to have some advantages in terms of gathering, which I find pretty cool. The original post made it sound like men were the hunters and gatherers, which isn't fair to the women who did both and excelled in particular at gathering.
What's your favorite thing about the work? What minute, seemingly insignificant part of the job/work do you think you excel at the most? For example, when I did graphic design, I was always really good at lining things up by eye without grid lines, which is a really redundant ability because of grid lines, but I always felt really proud of myself for being on or really close to the line when I turned them on; I think something like that could be a good way to showcase your sense of humor while still being about your ability to do the job well. Alternatively, what character traits do you have that you think will be a benefit to the team you'd be working or the company at large?
If it's like diarrhea cramps mixed with that feeling when you hit your funny bone, but turned up to 15, then yeah, I'd say pretty comparable.
Bro.
I don't think she was disagreeing with you feeling a certain way, just explaining the other side.
Username checks out?
Shaving your underarms has nothing to do with hygiene. It's just hair, you should wash it in the shower, but why would it be any less hygienic than any other body part that sweats?
That's unrelated to hygiene, and again, if you wash it in the shower, and use deodorant if necessary, it doesn't smell worse than any other part of you. Your pits get just as funky whether you have hair on them or not.
Idk I personally have a lot less underarm hair than head hair, and it's pretty fine. I don't get deodorant clumps, but I can't speak for everyone.
Natural body odors are a bit different from smoke odor, though. I promise, no one can smell whether or not you shave your armpits if you follow basic hygiene.
JFC first they came for High Brew, now Chameleon is tainted too?!
Sure, Jan.
Considering how many things are apparently stored in the balls, I'm starting to understand manspreading more.
Hey good news, you can call the cops in either situation instead of just ignoring it!
Yeah, I'm glad he seems to have stuck around (iirc) instead of being dumped so Miranda could make the same mistake again.
...I'm going to go with the area I live in is different from yours, because I'm pretty sure if I really wanted some weed, I know like 5 people I could ask because of how many people here smoke, not because I'm trashy. I hope.
Hahaha yeah, definitely different circumstances!
She's (the original commenter, not the one you just replied to) also a TERF, so "not so subtle judgments" are kinda her bag.
What a pretty kitty!
Fuck I knew I recognized that name. I really enjoyed his book "Peeps" when I was younger!
I believe lane splitting is technically legal in Texas, but I'm too lazy to look it up right now.
Technically, a thorough Life Skills camp could teach you cooking, cleaning, and with the use of those fake babies, how to care for children. I'm not a SAHanything, but I'm sure there are other areas you could touch on, like financial responsibility/budgeting.
Not sure if this is common knowledge, but some books include a synopsis or summary on the copyright page, [like so.](https://i.imgur.com/cPsCC9s.png) If there's no back blurb, I always check there before giving up on the book.
Made a useless and unnecessary comment
Unless you don't have insurance or can't afford to take off work to get a prescription for Zyrtec.
Can we not with claims of superiority?
Fucked up trash apple?
Not you, boo, the OP of the parent comment of this chain :)
Or do vampires look like it?
I don't buy Zyrtec, it was just the name that came to mind.
Why do you asume that people against infringing on women's right to bodily autonomy in California aren't also against FGM? Why do you asume women are only fighting the fights *you* pay attention to in your own state/country? And for that matter, what are you doing? The "issue in Alabama" is a calculated move to further strip women in America at large of our bodily autonomy, our ability to make medical decisions for ourselves, by getting their crackpot laws picked up for review by the Supreme Court. If you don't think that's an important issue, that's on you, bub.
I've tried, but I can't find the exit. I've driven for hours and hours in every direction, but alas, found only more Texas.
Hahaha I love that it interpreted Polish as polish. Refinement dirigible is the best thing I've read all day 🤣
Yeah, that drive through takes at least 20 minutes!
It is considered a "developing country," which is a more relevant grouping than the third world. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Developing_country#Country_lists
Sadly, regression seems to be a global trend :(
Ughgghghgh how frustrating that with so few changes, they could have made such a better season.
The boinging after it sticks is so satisfying. Makes me want to plant one on my desk to use as a stress reliever.
Nothing does too, depending on who you ask.
Shakespeare certainly thought so.
Alamo does kid-friendly showings on some mornings, where they're more lenient about the no talking rules.
Civil disobedience isn't the same thing as traitorous behavior, though.
&gt; Apparently if you're straight you also support traitors to the country, which confederates most certainly were. That also explains the Trump flag, then.
Damn, you're playing 4D chess over there with that answer. Good job!
It's not an Alabama flag, it's a Confederate flag. Similar, but more treasonous!
Why wouldn't it? The humor is in the setup, not in the fact that a woman killed a man. Ever hear, "I like my coffee like I like my women...ground up and in the freezer!" because I have and I don't give a shit if someone makes jokes like that because the humor is supposed to be in the subverted expectation, not because "hurr durr violence against people is funny". But Idk maybe that's just me and my sick sense of humor. I also love a good dead baby joke.
Sure. I mean, I've also heard the joke said by women about men too, so I don't think it's inherently misogynist, but I can see how you'd feel that way. For me, that joke is so tired and I've heard so many different variations on it, that if they're not creatively telling me how they like their dead people, I'm kinda over it. Maybe I should seek help...
Tourists.
Hey bruh, go your own way already. Also, that's not even close to written the same way as this joke, so you can say it because literally who gives a shit, but if you were trying to make something comparable, you completely missed the mark.
The man is opting into potentially impregnating someone by choosing to ejaculate into a vagina; he doesn't get to opt out of the consequences after the fact. It's simple.
The line between a fetus and a baby is birth.
There's a Chicken Express on 620.
Ok but I would 100% wear those on my weekends if they were in fun colors instead of dad colors.
&gt; Stretch marks on the back of my legs This fucked me up nice and early. I was wearing shorts in fourth grade, and someone pointed mine out and asked what they were. It was like, a decade at least before I wore shorts in public again after that 🙃
Why not just set them free? Then they're not slaves, they're freedmen.
/s?
Yeah, I'm just really fed up with all of these terrible combinations!
Hanging out with a friend and having a conversation is fine regardless of gender. This tweet is addressing people who take advantage of friends who aren't able to set boundaries in regard to how much emotional labor they're expected to do for that person. You'll notice, the tweet says nothing about the people who are taking advantage of these women, though I do agree that it applies equally to men who perform those behaviors.
Does she charge her patients?
Apparently I cackled at this, so thanks for that!
FYI you're not supposed to post direct links to other subs here.
I just think it's naive to think that censoring nudity will have any effect on whether teens are having sex. Throwing fuel on the fire won't affect the fire at this point because it's already raging. Do agree that we need better sex ed and access to reproductive healthcare, though.
Username checks out.
Out of control
lol no, allies are great but they can have a seat.
I love the lgbtasdljsjgsasdghsa community so much!
'Gals' is always thrown around as an alternative, but I feel like a Golden Girl when I say it.
Time to eat the rich instead.
&gt; IDK it seems like an arbitrary line to me, because a newborn will also die if left unattended A newborn will *eventually* die if left unattended, but it's not actively using another person's body to stay alive until that point.
But these people often don't give a shit about children who have already been born and their health, happiness, education, etc. Why do they only care about the unborn?
Well, it's not a directive in that it says "Hey, you, hate these people," but it's a signal that it's ok to discriminate against this group of people. The government is leading by example here, more than "directing" others to follow them, but it's all the same thing. "Don't ask, don't tell" was ended, but Trump's administration is trying to ban trans people specifically from serving: https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2019/06/19/house-votes-block-ban-transgender-military-service/1497285001/
If not mad, I'd say disappointed or at best confused.
Technically they are; the blue arm, the purple on her top, and then the red top.
Idk it is for me.
Yet, the death penalty. And if they don't care what happens to the children who are born, if they know that a lot of these children will be abused or neglected or hungry or ill and untreated or killed, then they should know that abortion is the far lesser of the two evils. Why is "murder" such a horrendous crime compared with forcing thousands of children to endure much worse than never having had an existence of any kind. Aborted embryos and fetuses don't suffer, but these children do, and it's a bullshit cop-out to say you care only about the ones that don't suffer because mUrDeR (which happens all the time everywhere but somehow only matters in the context of abortion...convenient) iS lIkE sUpeR bAd.
Oh thank fucking Satan. I knew something like this had to exist, but I was too lazy to look for it. Thank you for throwing this directly into my eyeholes so that I could do no work whatsoever!
Special needs people who have been born are not the same as fetuses and embryos, but I can see from your appeals to emotion that you're not really interested in a debate, so I'm off to have another abortion now, you take care!
Bro, mess with the unhinged people, but not with Texas.
No
&gt; kneed
Counterpoint: Fuck off.
&gt;e x e m p t FTFY
That's why it's listed under **Classic Tropes**...
Sure, but a lot of salaried people are mistakenly under the impression that they can be forced to work however many hours is demanded of them without OT so I like to correct that whenever I see it.
Ok, and? You're not every child. Did you have these opinions as nuanced and fleshed out when you were 11 as you do now? Arguably, I'd say 11 is older than the target audience for most Disney movies as well.
Saw MiB: International the other night because it seemed like it would be #bigoals. It was not great. Or memorable. I wish it had been made by Taika Waititi, but then I wish pretty much everything was made by him. Good Omens, which is also #bigoals tbh, is fantastic though. Tennant and Sheen are fucking magical together &lt;3
I mean, they literally made progress, so yeah, it's progressive. They're late, but it's better than regression or stagnation.
This happened to me once when I was like 6...but in reverse. Had already been throwing up into the toilet for a while when my mom came to check on me and noticed a, for lack of a better word, puddle forming behind me. Freaked her the fuck out at first because she didn't immediately realize what it was. Sorry mom, and thanks for mopping up my runny poop.
They didn't spoil anything?
But instead maybe stay and watch it because it's fantastic.
The Good Place is a pretty good comparison, but Good Omens is a good bit darker.
Fewert*
Will this be protected by religious freedom? Asking for a friend...
&gt; Spiderman releasing a week or two after the re release Package Endgame and Homecoming as a double feature, easy win.
3D tickets cost more, and it was specifically marketed as a 3D spectacle, so I'm sure it sold more 3D tickets than Endgame.
&gt; She's keeping you from saving baby's. Literally no one is convinced by these loonies, and the majority of women they harass aren't even going to PP for abortion services, but yeah sure these BRavE hErOES are SaVing baBIEs 🙄
&gt; If abortion is murder, it's murder even if the woman was raped and even if the pregnancy can't be carried to term for medical reasons. Your reasoning is bullshit and you should feel bad.
&gt; Paul McCartney seems like a good dude, though. He still puts on a hell of a show, too, even if you're not the biggest Beatles/Wings fan.
All very true. The only thing this person mentioned was the murder aspect, but I also didn't engage with them for very long so I'm sure more of those fundamentals would have shown themselves eventually if I'd stuck around.
Fuck TERFs, they are pieces of shit. However, sadly, it isn't necessarily mostly TERFs who are biphobic. I know many lesbians who are far from TERFy who still have really gross opinions on bi women (it's only for the attention, they'll always leave you for a man, they'll always cheat on you with a man, etc.) and men (any man who says he's bi is really just gay and in denial 🙄).
Hence LGBTQ+. Get with the times, grandperson.
Ace people aren't the only ones who fall under the Queer umbrella, but go off with your exclusivity and bigotry I guess.
lol asexual for one, you fuck. Enbies, bigender people, aros. Just stop trying to exclude people, how is that hard for you?
You clearly lack an understanding of everything here, and again, being part of the community doesn't preclude you from bigotry, so stop pulling that card out like it's a "Get out of jail free" card.
🙄 but they love Aubrey Plaza, which I'm sure is very different for uh reasons...
Yeah, TERFs. They can fuck off too.
Have you always had pain or is this a newer development? If it's newer, it's possible that it's a bad yeast infection, which I wouldn't recommend waiting out until September.
I'd word it as "They keep introducing these objectionable bills in order to divide our attention and bog us down again and again with these issues so that we can't proceed to the next important issue." Trans rights are 100% an important thing, and I totally get that you're not implying otherwise, but I've seen/heard the argument framed this way a lot and it always seems unintentionally hand-wavy toward Trans rights to say that it keeps us from focusing on the important topics.
Yep, 100% agree there. They're designed to make society uninhabitable for trans people, there is literally no other purpose, and it's fucking disgusting.
Hahaha y'all should update that last one to Windows Vista - I'd certainly prefer 95!
You sound like a dick.
If it's an American company, mentioning the state attorney general may or may not also be a good way to have them stop bothering you, if asking to be removed from the call list doesn't work... Supposedly.
Y'all, no. Stop supporting these posts made by people trying to make us look bad.
lol no thanks, won't matter after the primary anyway :)
That's not Austin, it's Travis County.
Yes, OP is at fault for posting this and trying to paint us negatively, I'm not disputing that at all, but the people who upvoted, perhaps without examining the broader consequences of doing so, can also learn something from it. We are responsible for the upkeep of this place because we frequent the sub; OP basically set a bag of flaming shit on our porch and rang the doorbell, but we were the ones who stomped on it. I'm just trying to prevent shitty shoes in the future. The metaphor kinda fell apart.
You say compassionate, yet are a TERF...
Yeah, I thought it was pretty clear that the good side orchestrated the bomb drop and everything about it, including that it would hit Prim to set off Katniss. Coin definitely wanted Katniss at her most irrationally emotional so she would end up dead and Coin could lead unhindered.
Wait 'til we tell them about aces!
Plus he can't define himself anymore, so we shouldn't speculate.
**The** alternative, if there can be only one, is not locking children up in cages, probably.
... Step 3: profit!
We were talking about one specific course of action versus another. I don't know what more effective means of protest there may be available, I just know that doing the work anyway doesn't seem to be doing enough.
&gt; A well-thought-out, informed and profound theological criticism of any religion is always acceptable. Uninformed, prejudiced spreading of hate and xenophobia is not. Exactly. If your "criticism" consists entirely of "mUslimS HatE gaYS AND woMeN", you don't deserve to be taken seriously.
&gt; **If you can afford it**, America offers among the best care in the world. As an American, big oof.
Why not? It's an extra person to get someone/be pregnant. I don't think in a "must repopulate the world to save humanity" situation, monogamy is going to be nearly as important as it is today.
Or Apple.
Ugh as if she hasn't been through enough.
&gt; pithags lol how pathetic do you have to be to make up and use words like this?
Having been in a relationship with a car guy, I envy you. Most times I didn't mind helping, if I was actually helping, but just standing around outside in the heat and occasionally moving tools around gets real old. Sleeping in is so much better.
I'll give you an example from my life: One time when I was about 7-8, I got upset about something that's upsetting to a 7-8 year old and started crying. I went to my room, but the house was small so my parents could hear me from the living room (and, in turn, I could hear them from my room). I heard my dad say "What the hell is she crying about now?!" He sounded really angry that I was crying, so to 7-8 year old me, that meant I could never cry in front of my dad again, or he'd get angry with me. Fast forward a few months to my siblings and I fucking around at home one day, one thing leads to another and I end up falling hard on my arm onto the kitchen floor, which cracked my collar bone. The first of my parents to come home was dad. I sat in the living room stone-faced, not saying a word about my injury, as he came inside and then got ready to mow the lawn. I waited somewhere around 2 hours until my mom got home to tell her what happened and finally go to the hospital. I love my dad, but even comments like that can really stay with someone. I still find it incredibly uncomfortable to cry in front of other people, even in situations when it's perfectly normal to (funerals, within relationships, etc.) and I have such a deep feeling of shame if I ever let it happen. Ultimately, I think if you treat your kids with basic respect and do your best to listen to their problems, however trivial they may seem to you, you're doing the best that you can for them. It's gotta be hard work to constantly police your language and tip-toe around your kids and make sure you don't say anything that they may misconstrue and I can't necessarily recommend that level of "kid gloves" handling, but if you listen and sympathize and let them express themselves in the ways they know how to, without judgement, they should be alright in the end.
It's literally the next sentence she wrote: &gt; I would message them about the fish, ask where they got it and the story behind it and honestly more often than not the response would be "I don't fish, im only holding this for my profile"
lol you tried, bless your heart.
Does the Swoosh not go on the outside normally? Seems like it should, but I'm a poor person who's never owned Nikes so 🤷‍♀️.
I keep finding really cute places that are a better deal than my current one (like, duplexes and houses vs. a 1-bedroom apartment, for like $150-200 cheaper per month) but then I think about all the expenses and other stresses related to moving and I just can't make the leap.
&gt; but based on the reaction from the straight people in the convo they probably felt this person was directly speaking to them. Why assume it was because of how they were being treated rather than how they were acting? If someone makes a general statement that applies to a group to which I belong, but not to me specifically, I don't tend to take offense (unless it's a really dumb stereotype or outright bigotry ofc).
People will absolutely pay you to bring back treasure for them.
Yep, this for me too.
Idk Schwarzenegger doesn't tend to have a beard, you gonna call him unmanly?
&gt; millions that were tortured and murdered in Vietnam thanks to his actions. What are you referring to here?
The only relevant part of that article: &gt;Mr. Carter's support of the war was one of the most prolonged and persistent of any major political figure. He attempted to dissuade fellow governors from condemning American involvement in the conflict and told journalists as late as 1974 that he favored continued Administration requests for more appropriations for the war. If anyone else was wondering.
I think I'd rather help those most in need of rescue who would definitely have unhappy endings otherwise. Having to deal with a few unhappy endings is a fair trade for preventing many more.
That's the weirdest bong I've ever seen.
I don't think it was technically directed toward the OP, just at guys in general as they can now make their own magnifier. Still shitty, though.
Ah I see what you mean now. Seems to be a design choice by Nike, as [these cut in on the inside and outside in the same way.](https://smile.amazon.com/NIKE-Womens-Flex-2017-RN/dp/B01K2I6GQG/ref=sr_1_6?crid=3BL4DGYF51AKU&amp;keywords=nike+shoes+women&amp;qid=1561750186&amp;s=gateway&amp;sprefix=nike%2Caps%2C209&amp;sr=8-6)
There are some things one should not joke about (ever, but especially) when one is the president of a country, and one of those things is **murdering the citizens you're supposed to be representing.**
&gt; **(unless it's a really dumb stereotype or outright bigotry ofc).**
&gt; I still feel like you innocently repeated statistical facts about straight people but are instead venting your frustration with straight people at a straight person. I don't even know what this is supposed to mean? Are you confusing me with someone else?
I wrote a poem kinda like this in high school, but it was about playing the guitar. Ostensibly. Realistically, it was a thinly (read: not at all) veiled poem about having sex. Specifically, iirc, mostly about the female orgasm. I was a dick of a high schooler.
r/im12andthisisedgy
*[Bisexuality has entered the chat]*
I mean, what else can there realistically be? Besides their freedom, black people in this country have been robbed of the family historical records that most others have.
I honestly don't see the connection. It doesn't seem like anyone is trying to connect that shooting with Trump, they're just stating the fact that it's the anniversary of it, because it's a matter of interest when reporting about a story wherein the president says he wants to "get rid of" journalists.
It just feels wrong to ever blame the clit for anything.
What fucks.
lol fuck off mate.
You sound like you come from 1807. Flag burning in the US is "just new?" Like, since before 1989 when it was declared protected speech by the Supreme Court? Since Vietnam War protests in the 60's? Since the Civil War when Confederates burned the American flag because they were salty? How new do you consider to be new?
Fuck that, I think we found Trump's reddit account! &gt;many very smart people have said That's classic Trump.
I dislike you for being an idiot, not for being a guy. Don't care enough to hate you one way or another.
You simply don't understand how articles are written. Ta!
They're finally trying to step up to Flix Brewhouse's level, nice.
It's a bit of a drive, though a pretty one, but there's a fairly large Longhorn ranch off of [Loop 165](https://www.google.com/maps/place/30%C2%B010'47.7%22N+98%C2%B013'31.3%22W/@30.179911,-98.227555,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m14!1m7!3m6!1s0x865b3f87a07d6b29:0x152d629137da9c6b!2sDripping+Springs,+TX!3b1!8m2!3d30.1902067!4d-98.0866781!3m5!1s0x0:0x0!7e2!8m2!3d30.1799108!4d-98.2253605) near-ish Dripping Springs.
Are we gonna pretend like I'm the only one who read "my mutants" instead of "my mutuals?" Really? Ok then...
I mean, how many women and men are abused annually by overly aggressive men? It surely doesn't surprise me that so many dogs would be victims too. Shit, living in the south I can tell you that they don't necessarily even have to be abusive toward their partners to have a complete disregard for animals because they're "lesser" beings. Some people just have no empathy for anything outside themself/their family, and some just have none for animal life. It's fucked.
SAY IT LOUDER FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK! Oh wait, he meant this *negatively?!*
OP said she asked the girl who her mom was, and after the mom was identified, OP called to her to watch the kid. The girl went back to her mom, but quickly started bothering OP again.
Because they make terrible "lesbian" porn that appeals only to straight guys. If there was quality lesbian porn being made that actually resembled real lesbian sex, I bet more lesbians would watch it.
You should pee after sex, maybe she's just being efficient.
Do you have any stats on this? I've tried to see how the percentages compare, but haven't been able to find anything yet.
Alright, I believe you're talking about Shawn from Boy Meets World. His dad becomes the janitor at their high school, and Shawn (and Cory) dress up like girls in one episode. The episode is called "Chick Like Me" and Shawn wears this outfit: https://i.imgur.com/zLTxO9s.jpg Here's a better picture of him as a girl: https://i.imgur.com/mvAfjHd.jpg And later in the series, Eric and Jack dress like girls, which may be mixing with your memory, so here's them: https://i.imgur.com/a0oPcb8.jpg
You have to reply directly to the person who solved it :)
This story was originally a parable told to discourage young girls/kids in general from "lollygagging", not following directions, and following strangers into the woods and being raped. Red got distracted by picking flowers on her way to grandma's, despite her mother directing her to go straight there and quickly, which is how the "wolf" (i.e. rapist) saw her and followed her to grandma's. Not sure if that helps or not, but there you go.
Like, why not just say "...the mother still looks the same" unless you just wanted to misgender the guy?
I'm not the one who felt the need to "clarify" that 'she' meant a woman, not a man.
Why is that, when women who haven't experienced it can?
I was replying to the person I replied to... He said men who haven't experienced these situations can't relate, which I find odd, because as a woman who's never been harassed or assaulted or stalked, I can still listen to women who have and believe and support them.
&gt; If you take away the stigma that men can go in without question Annnnd that's how we know you're a TERF. Fuck off with that bullshit.
Sorry I don't speak TERF, can you try something less bigoted?
Aw it thinks its bigoted opinion matters
Funner fact: there is no one Texan accent; people from Beaumont sound completely different than people from Fort Worth, who sound completely different than people from San Antonio.
In that you are a bigot. Next question.
\*It hurt itself in its confusion*
Tax dollars already don't fund abortions, please educate yourself.
Your stupidity isn't everyone else's problem.
It's actually a triple slash if you want the shoulders to show up. Double slash gets you this guy: ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
It's highly context dependent; most of the default subs probably will give you shit for it, but a lot of other subs don't give a shit if you're not over-using them/being obnoxious with them.
&gt; a modern war would only take a few days. Idk that doesn't sound like it would be profitable enough, you sure they wouldn't drag it out so Lockheed Martin execs can purchase their third mega yachts?
Why would you publicly display this level of stupidity? Shouldn't you be hiding this shamefully?
Get him into Demolition Ranch on YT, at least you'll have some eyecandy (ymmv but I personally find Matt stupidly attractive, potentially aided by his Vet Ranch videos...)!
Watch The Great British Baking Show, you will learn terms like this and lots of other useless things as you sit on the couch eating chips instead of putting your knowledge to use and actually producing something worthwhile yourself. I may buy premade cookies, cakes and bread but by god I know the dangers of over and under proving, how to avoid turning custard into scrambled eggs, and what it means for your creme pat to split.
Clearly you don't know anything about a lot of things, hence all your comments here.
There aren't any credible ones, but here's a pretty good breakdown of why it can't be real: https://skeptoid.com/episodes/4541
The sentence "That's a biased fact that came from a lesbian scientist who has false opinions" should clear that up for you.
&gt; "if your feminism is only about straight *cis* white women, fuck you" too
https://lmgtfy.com/?q=rhetorical
You don't refer to gender neutral beings as "it," you use them/they.
Ah it's a case of terminal stupidity. You hate to see it 😕
That's kind of the point of abortion, yes. Glad you're capable of learning at least something. Now run along, the adults are talking.
&gt; Been here for ~5 years and nothing has changed (apart from the comments on how much it’s changed!!1!). Honestly, those have been around for quite a while, too. That's why TrollXFunny was created and it's 3 years old now. These people are either oblivious or infrequent visitors to the sub who think they get to dictate its content without ever even contributing their own posts.
lol that's not what mutually exclusive means you dingus. And you know I can see your other comments, right? You're not fooling anyone, cupcake. Also, you used that semicolon incorrectly in your desperate attempt to appear intelligent.
Always happy to out bigots like you.
Oh, ableist too. Throw another one on the pile. I wasn't calling you all of those things dear, I was listing types of bigots. You've checked two boxes already, but it only takes one to be a bigot. Have fun being associated with all of the rest of them!
I mean, I'm not saying it's enough, but it literally is medical marijuana. But also because we already have it technically, it hopefully wouldn't take much to expand it, compared to establishing it.
I swear I've read that sentence or one very similar before (having never read this book, thankfully), but I can't figure out if it was legitimate writing or satire.
This settles it: I need to take up cross-stitching.
Are you taking into consideration what's romantic to your wife vs what this lady found romantic? Maybe that can make up the difference :)
3edgy7me
The way he says "nice boobs" kills me every time.
I kinda feel like The Holiday might qualify for this? If not, watch it anyway because it's fantastic!
Fuck out of here with that TERF bullshit, no one wants you here.
I finally get to say with sincerity that I am 100% that bitch.
Google translate offers some synonyms when you translate a word. Maybe you can find something here? https://translate.google.com/#view=home&amp;op=translate&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=la&amp;text=free https://translate.google.com/#view=home&amp;op=translate&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=la&amp;text=released
I want you to read back this comment and fully understand how goddamn stupid you sound, but sadly I doubt you ever will.
Who's Evan and why should we be talking about him instead of abortion?
Allowing people to die because they don't have enough money to survive in your capitalistic hellhole of a country is essentially the same thing, but I'm not surprised you fail to see the logic. Also, you ignored the part about how they love killing people in other countries, including children and unborn fetuses. But I guess that's ok too because they're not within our borders.
Is it illegal to carry hairspray and a lighter? You know, for fixing your hair and smoking......
Clearly you haven't been to that sub; it's been overrun by men telling women that their experiences aren't valid because men never have the same experiences.
How sad, the life of the internet troll.
Yikes. I like to think that because they've never seen me with makeup on I just look normal but I guess not =\
He was negging you.
Sounds more like a "see you next Tuesday" type of father...
They call the cops or security.
Did you know you can see nipples on the internet for free 24/7 instead of being a fucking creep?
Having an identity other than straight cis white guy is not a political statement.
Arf arf arf ⚽
It's been a while, but I feel like the majority of ants in A Bug's Life were male, outside the queen and the two princesses. I could definitely be wrong though.
Miracle Workers. That description only fits season 1, though, as far as I can tell based on last night's premier of season 2.
At this point I'm not sure if this is a joke, but that's Elijah Wood.
Be better.
r/egg_irl?
I hope you can yeet the peen soon, sis.
If you choose any of the options you can edit them in the text box that pops up.
Ah, sorry to assume. Whatever makes you happiest, I hope you can achieve it as soon as you're ready to :)
The FBI.
&gt; and how the protesters had "nearly penetrated the bulletproof glass" by throwing objects. That just sounds like incentive to find heavier objects next time...
&gt; Any time a cop ACTUALLY messes up, a trial is held. Fucking LOL you are loving the taste of those boots, eh?
You don't think the two other cops kneeling on his back and legs should be held accountable? Correct me if I'm wrong, but on the other side of one's back tends to be one's lungs, right? Putting pressure on someone's lungs tends to make it difficult for them to breathe. All 4 of those officers were on the scene, meaning George was in their custody. You can't absolve Thing 1 and Thing 2 and Lookout Larry, who 100% knew that George was being killed, heard his pleas and those of the crowd around them, and not only ignored them but continued to contribute to his death either through direct action or through inaction. That's absurd.
&gt; non-lethal rounds Less lethal. They can and do still kill.
It looks like someone got out of another car and was trying to get into this car, but the cops tackled them, then the driver of this car started filming it and that's apparently a fucking crime now.
Hey it's ok, I donated to like 4 places today, one of them is for you ❤️ take care of yourself.
I got into a huge argument with my bf last night because someone else said to get rid of tear gas and my position was that if it's a literal war crime to use it on enemy soldiers, it's absurd that it's allowed to be used on the country's own civilian citizens. He argued that bean bags and rubber bullets tend to do more damage, so they need to be gotten rid of instead. But I mean, if the options are bullet-bullets or bean bags/rubber bullets, I think the LESS LETHAL option is better to keep around. But there's literally never any justification for using chemical warfare against anyone, let alone your own goddamn citizens. This turned into him trying to say that I was for shooting people with any of these things rather than that I was against using tear gas 🤦🏻‍♀️
Except for Koala Bears, which are in fact not bears.
They were told by the police to bring him to them. And then they were fired upon by the police for doing so.
Except they would probably investigate all of the people from "suspicious" (i.e. where minorities/Dem voters live) districts even if everyone did apply.
How is what I said at all negative? I think it's important that people do the work of educating themselves, especially because one person's thoughts on something may not reflect everything about the case.
In the words of the woman leading the group: "I had my hands in the air, I begged for them to help, they said 'bring him over here.' I told them that his head injury was too severe, he was convulsing and unable to move, that I needed their help. 'You're going to need to bring him here.'" https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10158789553861614&amp;id=655351613
Thank you, that's all anyone can hope for. Blessed be ✌️
&gt; But, as far as I know, in that case the police stuck around and **afterwards announced themselves**. Yeah I'm sure that was of great comfort to the little boy whose aunt had just been murdered in front of him. At least he knew she'd been killed by the cops...
Having to message John Cornyn and Real-Life Human™ Ted Cruz is so demoralizing.
You mean subjective....
Copied this list from Facebook: What have these protests accomplished so far? • 5/26 - 4 officers fired for murdering George Floyd 5/28 Univ of Minn cancels contract with police 5/28 3rd precinct police station neutralized by protesters 5/28 ATU Local 1005 refuses to bring police officers to protests, or transport arrested protesters 5/29 Activists commander hotel to provide shelter to homeless 5/29 Officer Chauvin who killed Floyd arrested 5/29 Louisville Mayor suspends “no-knock” warrants in response to polices 3/12 5/30 US Embassies across Africa condemn police murder of Floyd 5/30 MN AG Ellison takes over prosecution of the murdering officer 5/30 TWU Local 100 bus operators refuse to transport arrests protesters 5/31 2 abusive officers fired for pulling a couple out of car and tasing them 6/1 Minn public schools end contract with police 6/1 Confederate Monument removed - Birmingham, AL 6/1 CA prosecutors launch campaign to stop DA’s from accepting police union money 6/1 Tulsa Mayor Bynum agrees to not renew Live PD contract 6/1 Louisville police chief fired after shooting of David McAtee at BBQ joint 6/1 Dems and Reps begin push to shut down a Pentagon program that transfers military weaponry to cancels contract with police 6/2 Minn AFL-CIO calls for the resignation of Bob Kroll, the president of the Minn police union (Bob Kroll is a vocal white supremacist) 6/2 ATU Local 85 announces refusal to transport police officers or arrest protesters 6/2 Racist Ex-Mayor Rizzo statue removed 6/2 6 abusive officers charged for violence against residents and protesters - Atlanta, GA 6/2 Confederate soldier statue removed - Alexandria, VA 6/2 Robert Lee statue removed 6/2 Civil Rights investigation of Minn Police Dept launched 6/2 Resolution to prevent law enforcement from hiring officers with history of misconduct announced by San Fran DA Boudin and Supervisor Walton 6/2 Survey indicating 64% of polled sympathetic to protesters, and 47% disapprove of police handling + 54% think burning down of precinct fully or partially justified 6/2 NJ AG announces policing reforms 6/2 Minn City Council members publicly call for disbanding the police and replace safety and outreach capacity 6/3 1 officer fired for tweets promoting violence against protesters - Denver, Co 6/3 Minn Institute of Art, First Avenue, Walker Art Center end use of MPD for events 6/3 Officer Chauvin charged and taken into custody 6/3 Officer Chauvin charges upgraded to 2nd Murder, ad remaining 3 officers also charged and taken into custody 6/3 VA Gov announces removal of Robert E Lee statue 6/3 Richmond VA Mayor Stoney announces RPD reform measures: establish "Marcus" alert for folks experiencing mental health crisis, establish independent Citizen Review Board, an ordinance to remove Confederate monuments, and implement racial equity study 6/3 County commissioners deny proposal for $23 million expansion of Fulton County jail 6/3 Minn Parks and Rec cut ties with the Minn Police Dep. 6/3 US Army tells soldiers to disobey any orders to attack peaceful protesters - nationwide 6/3 LA Announces $100-150 million cut from LAPD budget, Reinvested into communities, moratorium on gang database, sharper discipline against abusive cops, in effect immediately 6/3 Seattle changes mind and withdraws request to end federal oversight/consent decree of police department 6/4 Breonna Taylor case reopened? 6/4 Portland schools superintendent 'discontinues' presence of armed police officers in schools 6/4 MBTA (Metro Boston) board orders that buses wont transport police to protests, or protesters to police 6/4 King County Labor Federation issue ultimatum to police unions, to admit to and address racism in Seattle PD, or be removed
I'm just wondering which queen they mean, because QEII's birthday was 4/21...
&gt; I don't know, I could be wrong. You are wrong, here's why: Cops can remove their uniforms, they can choose a different career. They chose to become police officers when they were adults, they went through the training (supposedly). In short, they knew what they were signing up for, and in most cases they have fallen short of their duty to **protect and serve**. Jewish people can't remove their Jewishness; even if they weren't practicing Judaism, Hitler still saw them as Jewish because you can be culturally/ethnically Jewish. Many of them were practicing Judaism from birth, and their families had been for centuries, but all they signed up for was to practice their religion, not to "protect and serve" or anything else. They had no out, they were persecuted solely for who they were or how they worshiped, not for a career choice they made and a uniform they willingly wore.
Technically, jkr made a stink about an article referring to menstruators, which would include trans men and enbies more than trans women. But she has in the past also shit on trans women, so it's still understandable he focused on them, though it would have been better if he'd been more inclusive of all of them.
&gt; I was lucky to grow up without the characteristic Texas accent and when I was little some people asked of I was British. Every day I thank my lucky stars (which are big and bright 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻) that I didn't grow up in east Texas.
I still maintain he deserved better.
Aw come on, you don't think in the middle of a fucking mall is a romantic enough place for a proposal?! /s of course.
🤣 that is beautiful
29!
My theory is that the US doesn't have as long a history as many other nations (and they're sure as shit not going to teach us about the natives because then the stories about how the white people came and saved them all with Christianity and the Measles might make some people ask questions like "did they really need 'saving' and death blankets?"), so instead curricula glorify the history we do have, which pretty much centers around us gaining independence from Britain and then erm fighting a war that was totally about states rights and uh passing laws to make it easier for more ^^^white people to vote and then um oh we killed the Nazis and um oh look at that, the semester's over! Repeat ad nauseam for about 12 years and voila, you have a country full of nationalist fucks who jerk off to the thought of exercising their second amendment rights against those who want to exercise almost any other rights.
Gross. You're now trying to capitalize on BLM protests for your karma farming bullshit pandering posts?
OP posts obviously pandering shit all the time so she can win imaginary internet points. This time she's using BLM by invoking "the protests" to try to curry favor, which I find absolutely disgusting. She's also a TERF so...
Dick all, but OP thought it would get her more karma if she tried to associate it with BLM.
Gender = real Gender roles = made up
&gt; That guy had a gun That guy is the store owner, and he reported to 911 that he was holding the robber at gunpoint, which is perfectly fucking legal. When the police arrived, he laid the gun on the counter, so he no longer had a gun when the fuck decided to deck him.
I mean, it's hard to out-badass Ms. Zazie Beetz 😍
FART: Feminism-Appropriating Reactionary Transphobes.
Oh fuck off
Depends on who we vote for in Congress.
There's a difference between could have had and can have.
I was blown away by that one this weekend. So beautiful!
lol what money? She painted her own wall.
Ask them why they insist on doing something they *know* at least *some* women don't like? Some people may like being slapped in the face, that doesn't mean they should go around slapping everyone they see on the off chance that someone *may* like it. Or, try framing it as: is it worth it to make 9 women uncomfortable just to "compliment" 1 woman who likes it? If so, why don't they care about how those 9 women feel? Why are their attempts at being friendly more important to them than whether they make 9 women feel physically unsafe? If they don't get it after that, reconsider whether you should continue hanging out with them.
Surely this also sets the ground for same-sex parent adoptions?
&gt;Boys' Toilets: A disgusting, messy bathroom with pee all over the floor cause they can't aim for shit &gt;Girls' Toilets : A glorious, [disgusting, messy bathroom with pee all over the ~~floor~~ seat cause they can't aim for shit and] social hub and place of rest where we are freed from rules and can replenish our tampons and pads.
The ones who feel the need to squat over the seat should learn to.
Also, some women do!
I think most people, like myself, were confused as to what you meant.
As a former teenage grill, I'd throw in chests and arms as well.
Why wouldn't these artists be paid for doing their job of creating art?
I would add: 1a - Freedom of the Press: several members of the press, foreign and domestic, have been arrested or assaulted for simply doing their job of reporting on the protests.
Oh yeah, "several" was definitely understating it. Thanks for putting an actual number on it.
&gt; any amount of facial hair pulls down my mask with any jaw movement Technically, you're supposed to be clean shaven to ensure a proper seal.
&gt; I don't know how they sleep there, it's sooo loud It's ~~funny~~ horrifying what you can get used to when you have literally no other choices.
I didn't say those were more important than housing, but you can't succeed with only one and not the others.
&gt;Taking no action and allowing residents here to continue to be subjected to the scenes around the city is not an option. Honestly this viewpoint is so gross to me. You get to go home and comfortably forget about what you saw as you drove your car past a homeless camp, until the next time you choose to leave your house and travel somewhere else. You're not "subjected" to anything. Also, I said better solutions *in place* which means having already been implemented. Until those solutions *are* implemented, the least we can do is let people live with some modicum of comfort, safety and privacy. They're human beings, not animals, and they deserve whatever basic comforts we can afford them until the government actually implements policies that will change things.
No one is tearing down teenage boys here, though. It's a comment on how people assume teenage girls will be more trouble than teenage boys, when in fact, teenagers of all gender identities are going through shit that makes them irrational and emotional, and there's no basis for assuming that teenage boys will be less trouble than anyone else.
/u/redhandsblackfuture reading comprehension bad
I hope that any homeless people who wish to set up residence in front of my home are able to do so in the relative comfort and safety of a tent, until such time as our government does get its shit together and make positive changes. You were literally bitching about having to see homeless people in your city, that is disgusting and classist regardless of how that makes you feel.
You cannot be "bigoted" against pro-life people, get the fuck out of here.
There's an article floating around about how "The Only Moral Abortion is Mine" or something, where people who are "pro-life" are ok with making exceptions when they get pregnant and don't want it, or when their teenage daughter gets pregnant, or their mistress. The pro-life movement is fraught with hypocrisy, go figure.
Then don't have an abortion unless your life is on the line, but fuck out of everyone else's business.
Pill-induced abortions are about as painful as passing a clot during your period.
You can only have a medication abortion up to about 11 weeks of gestation. At that point, the fetus is about the size of a prune, or a large clot. The cramping may be worse than normal, but it's definitely not the same as a surgical abortion, which can be a lot more painful. My point was that not all abortion is "unpleasant" or even painful.
They already quit the force.
My insertion was relatively easy and painless, and may or may not be able to be attributed to any one or a combination of the following: 1. I was on my period (recommended by my gyn). 2. I took a high dose Ibuprofen the morning of my insertion. 3. I also took a misoprostol (a pill that causes thinning of the cervix) I think the night before. 4. I was given a shot of...I wanna say Lidocaine? Something for numbing that also made my heart beat kinda fast for a little bit, but nothing too crazy. I think it was Lidocaine but I could be mistaken. If your doctor hasn't recommended any of these, you might run them by them to see if any are viable options for you. Good luck!
Wow dude, get a life.
From a quick Google, it appears to be Russell Simmons.
Idk what would give you that impression?
This is my favorite part: &gt;Then there's the story that many men have claimed that their wives or sweethearts were the model for the original Goddess, including her face. The historical record doesn't show any *woman* who actually claimed that, however.
Oh, I don't frequent Twitter, I just saw that he had an accusation against him from a writer and people were upset that he was included on a panel about BLM.
If you loudly expel air in a weird pattern (like if you're faking having trouble breathing, or just making weird noises because you're bored) my cat will come running up to you *very* concerned and put her paw on you to check if you're ok. I love her more than life itself.
How about we do not find out by voting him the fuck out this year.
No, they're a TERF, they mean their bigotry.
Hi, sorry to be rude, but kindly fuck off with that rhetoric. It's 100% unhelpful.
Found Leslie Knope's reddit account.
If you didn't watch it live, it was probably adjusted after the fact. The first airing was garbage.
Go fuck yourself.
I hope I'm not out of place with this suggestion, but I recently said "fuck it" to trying to keep all the junk in my trunk (which I 100% understand is a completely different situation) contained with just the swimsuit brief bottoms and opted for some actual swim shorts that I wear with a one-piece. They're not designed like trunks that men wear, and they cover a whole hell of a lot more than standard women's swimsuits, and I actually feel comfortable in public wearing swimming gear for the first time in...like almost 20 years. [These](https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B006V76F2I/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o03_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;th=1&amp;psc=1) are the actual ones I bought, and they come in lots of colors and sizes, and also have a drawstring so you could potentially order up a size without risking them falling off your waist. Plus they have a pocket!
lol you can't be bigoted against idiots, mate. That's just called having common sense.
Wish they'd done a clean sweep and gotten rid of the /...dropthet shits too. But this is certainly a victory!
Sorry sweetie, you must have gotten lost trying what I'm sure was your very hardest to follow the conversation. We were talking about the people who are against the protests, aka racist fucks who want "the coloreds" to pipe down about being murdered by the police.
Yeah, for sure. Throw them all in the fire.
The one I saw most was a play on reddit (if you interpret that as "read it"), and I don't want to actively promote it because it seems like a place that will be crawling with hate.
Burn baby burn 🔥🔥🔥
&gt; They’re not even anti trans. They don’t give a shit what a man chooses to do Fuck the very farthest off that you are capable of fucking, transphobe.
Username definitely checks out on this one. Fuck off, transphobe.
&gt; unique challenges that come with being a biological woman This part, though, is bullshit. There are no "unique challenges" that 100% of "biological" women face. There are infertile women, women born without female reproductive organs, women born with a Y chromosome, women who naturally produce more testosterone than the standard. How does excluding a marginalized group of women that is arguably much more vulnerable than the average cis woman do anything to help women as a whole?
Peak irony. If you bothered to do any amount of research on those topics yourself you would see that science proves trans people are valid, but instead you'd rather continue to be ignorant and bigoted. Sad.
That poor woman =\ I hope she's capable of leaving when the time comes.
Yeah. What gets me is they removed ldroptheg, but not any of the dropthet subs. Seems weird since they're all the same hate heaps.
You could definitely fuck off forever though.
Ceddit says the comment was removed by mods, but I'm not sure if they were banned too. Love ya mod team! 😘
Oh shit I know a lot of women without uteruses who are going to be *devastated* to learn that they're now men. But yeah, I'm the one who's an idiot 🙄 Fuck off, transphobe.
Oh honey, everything you say makes it more clear how fucking stupid you truly are. I am so sorry for engaging in what I thought would be an intellectual debate with you; clearly you're not on that level yet.
&gt; I think how you're treated growing up can change your self-esteem/self-perception, and I would agree that growing up as a girl in society is a different experience than growing up as a boy in society Yeah, but as a counter-but-not-really-counter-point, growing up trans is a whole other can of worms. It's not like trans girls being treated like boys in their childhood weren't suffering in similar, or dissimilar but sometimes worse, ways. There's as much difference in growing up as a boy or a girl as there is in growing up cis vs. trans. I get that you're not advocating for the exclusion of trans women, and I'm not disagreeing with the message behind your comment, but I find arguments like these about differing experiences to be kind of...weird. Like, even identical twins can have different experiences from each other growing up; so why does it matter so much to some people how much oppression *they* perceive someone else had while growing up?
I am not defined by my genitals, but thanks for playing.
&gt; I think she was actually saying trans women are men She said that after the fact, but her initial tweet was in response to an article that referred to people who menstruate, including women, NBs and trans men. She quoted the people who menstruate line and made a "joke" about how the word for that is "women".
If you want a non-trash wlw sub, r/actuallesbians.
Ugh yeah. On one hand, good because they didn't have to come here (though a lot still did, unfortunately), but on the other hand, totally missing the point of the spirit of the troll community.
By that logic, wouldn't the involvement of cars be equally silly? You're losing the thread, man.
People volunteer. We need to reduce the number of reasons they have for volunteering (affordable college, healthcare and housing, education reform, etc.) but there's a difference between that and the inability to consent at all.
Ew. You're awful.
Yes because there's no difference between wild animals acting naturally and humans forcing animals to do their dirty work. Good job with that critical thinking.
Well yeah, there's also hints of misogyny in homophobia, because men are putting themselves in the position of \*shudder* women by letting other men have sex at them. Bigots aren't anyone's friend, and if one label fits them, it's likely that others will as well.
Hey sis, using gendered language that you claim isn't gendered can cause dysphoria in our trans sibs; if you're not bothered by it, great, but that doesn't mean you get to dictate whether someone can/should be.
But my kitty is my cuddle buddy :(
&gt; Green baby shit is relatively odor free and while gross looking, not really that bad. As someone who changed the diapers of a baby on soy formula, that is definitely not always the case. I'm still haunted by those smells \*shudder*
&gt; There was so much TwoX brigading that TrollX had to be created. Actually, TrollX was created before TwoX became a default. TwoX was getting restrictive with its content (images only on this day, no memes, etc) so TrollX was created as the less serious sister sub where you could shitpost to your heart's content. Then when TwoX became a default, a lot of people jumped ship and came to TrollX, which is why you see much more serious discussions happening here since then.
They are transphobic, btw. https://www.reddit.com/r/TrollXChromosomes/comments/hild9a/just_found_this_on_twitter/fwhjsxq/
To me, it seems more like the difference between police reform and police abolition. Reforming police (changing a flawed system) would have some benefits for sure but abolishing the police (building from the ground up) would force us to look at all the roles police were inadequately filling and figure out who can replace the police in those roles (e.g. police are expected to respond to mental health crises -&gt; mental healthcare workers are trained and equipped to respond to mental health crises instead; if your neighbor's door is open in the middle of the night you call the cops for a welfare check -&gt; neighborhoods organize a neighborhood watch and keep an eye on their neighbor instead of inviting the police who might "accidentally" shoot their neighbor for standing in their own living room). That would have to include things like education reform, healthcare reform, prison reform, etc.
Yeah, I'm not sure why, but it's still showing on their profile.
Yeah, it's more like the original TwoX nowadays rather than the less serious sibling it used to be. I wish trollxfunny was more active, but I'm also part of the problem in that I always find myself coming here instead of going there =\
According to a 2-second Google, people seem to like them? [This](https://www.thekitchn.com/why-you-should-freeze-caramelized-onions-and-3-ways-to-do-it-tips-from-the-kitchn-81485) sounds like the pan method is the way to go, unless you're cooking something like soup that you can add them to early on in the process.
I may or may not have literally done this with tortillas before...
Fuck off, transphobe.
Are you, by chance: 1. Straight 1. White 1. Cisgender 1. Not a religious minority 1. A man 1. All of the above Because then yeah, I get where you're coming from, but maybe you can understand that not everyone had/has your experience with Texas, even if they might encounter the same "polite and genuine" people you do?
