Oh goddamn. Is nothing real any more?
I can't remember something like this happening to Nancy Regan, Barbara Bush, or Lara Bush. Something seems different.
Yeah it was weird, he broke almost every bone and screws and bolts came flying through his skin out of no where. He was more in pain from that than actually what broke his bones.
What did they put to replace what I think is the ACL?
What is dead may never die.
I am all for drug research like this, but these people can often come off weird sometimes. There's definitely good science here, don't get me wrong, but the way he ended this lecture was weird. He claimed his friend that wears a hearing aid could hear the foot steps of ants. He heard clicking every so often. At that decibel level, you'd be hearing a lot more than ants, my friend. You'd also be bombarded by more than just clicking here and there, but a damn tidal wave of clicking since each one of those fuckers has 6 legs and there's more than just a few around. This is the kind of stuff that just makes them seem like loonies eventhough most are not.
Thanks.
It's a little more complicated than that. They do go through the exchanges through Obamacare, but they use [SHOP](https://dchealthlink.com/), which the federal government provides a subsidy equivalent to 72 percent of the premiums. That, I assume, is a lot cheaper than what a bartender in NYC can get.
Not exactly, the FEHB was prior to Obamacare and member of congress and they made a provision that allowed them to use DC Health Link where the government provides the equivalent of 72% of the premium cost.
Raise taxes on the wealthy 1% who currently own more than 80% of the wealth.
No it never was the case. They go through health cRe exchanges BUT it is subsidized by 72% by the government.
Or not have your healthcare tied to your employer? Which is the whole point of Medicare for all...
Because they're not paying their fair share to the country that got them wealthy. The wealthiest reap all the benefits of the US government and give back nothing. They should pay for more than healthcare when they own that much more wealth than everyone else.
So you'd rather pay what you pay to private insurance when public healthcare works for ever other country.
Why do you think that is? Is Obamacare the cause? Is giving more people healthcare the cause of rising healthcare costs? Should healthcare be given to everyone like it is in many other countries?
So at a certain population, public healthcare doesn't work? Is that what you're saying?
So they "create jobs" but shouldn't pay taxes?
So access to healthcare is based on how hard you work?
Should they have different access to healthcare though?
I think here are more effective ways to protest than putting your own health at risk.
Which is no communism and no one here is pushing for it. Just Medicare for all. I don't remember Karl Marx saying that.
Her point is that healthcare should not change in cost based on the job you have.
Firstly, I don't understand why so many come here and want to defend the worst distribution of wealth in America. You are clearly not among the wealthiest if you're coming to this subreddit and arguing about tax codes, so why would you defend something so egregious? You have every right to come and have this debate because we're all about free speech, but I just don't get why you're on this side of the fence. Getting back to your point, if it was the case that they are paying their fair share and giving back, then how in the world do the wealthiest 1% control the most wealth since the Great Depression? In 2015, the top 1% of Americans made 26.3 times as much income as the bottom 99 percent — an increase from 2013, when they earned 25.3 times as much. How the hell is this worth defending? The problem gets worse year after year and you're telling me that everything is fine and we can't possibly get them to pay back to country that made them as rich and prosperous? And at the same time we spend more on our military than education and healthcare combined. The greatest theft of our generation is the wealthiest [corporations paying no taxes](http://fortune.com/2018/01/18/apple-bonuses-money-us-350-billion-taxes-trump/)
This is all about the melanin content in our skin. Imagine if we treated skin color as we do eye color. When we put people in artificial categories, we see differences easier than we do similarities.
The ssssssymbolism
Did he get back up yet?
Globalist is another dog whistle.
Penis wobbler
I'll fix your bridge.
I just don't trust them green eyed folk. Same eye color as snakes!
Agreed. In the lexicon of the alt-right, some words aren't just interchangeable 1 for 1, but everyone gets the message loud and clear.
Have a nice flight!
Instanbul used to be Constantinople.
A little bit of both.
You need a haircut.
I'm just so confused as what would motivate her to do that. Is she getting paid off by the police or something?
Hey Jude, don't make a mistake.
Real MVP and all that.
Ok!
Get me a nitrogen blanket.
We had silos of resin numbered sequentially except for one. There is no solo 22. There's a total of 25 silos but number 22 was torn down but we didn't change the numbering. We would have new engineers inspect all the silos and take readings. It would keep them busy for the day, that's for sure.
I would love to be standing and hear the Doppler effect of that.
Useless? That's what they said about Penicillin!
Oh so this a LPT for people that have no problem getting up anyway. Got it.
I have wacky finger motion too. I thought it was normal until I read you post. I will be working minimizing this from now on. Thanks.
Your car is now evil. Time to get rid of it before Cthulu takes over.
Thanks man, I went through his tutorial and it's definitely something I'm adding to my practice/warmup routine!
IS MAYONNAISE A COUNTRY
T
This is the talking point of the NRA an Fox News. Yes they have rights but just like blind people can't get a drivers license, mentally ill people cannot get a gun.
EA and promises are not things I would invest too much in.
That could be read as "NOW they're taking your guns "too.
This makes him a fishdick
Contrary to popular belief, no one looks like they are Muslim or any other religion for that matter.
And then he claims asylum in Moscow
I came here for this. Thanks.
Can you please point me in the direction of said PLEX?
Rex is actually a smart guy and he was just shat out of the White House. I didn't agree with how he handled the State Dept but they really disrespected him at the end. I don't get how Trump and the admin just chew people up and spit them out for their own ambitions ruining people's careers, but there's a line of people begging to be apart of this shit show.
I would have loved if it did play something and recorded it back on Mars.
Marky Marks greatest achievement.
"I'm sorry, I cannot find your penis. " "That's so sad. Alexa, play despacito. "
Or he’s not curious enough to find out. Nothing can be drawn from this
You know, that guy is probably making a r/brutishproblems post about some twat that asked if he was in Elf n Safety.
The Tea Party movement was originally about being taxed too much, but it should have been about WHO was being taxed too much or not enough. The Tea Party was overtaken by corporate interests to stifle that last part. It did actually start as a grass roots initiative, but was astro-turfed by the Koch Bros. Steve Scalise and Bill Cassidy are products of that astro turfing by telling people they were taxed too much, when the people should have shouted back and say YOU are not taxed ENOUGH!
No, a baby explosion
Just another reason to love Steven Dubner more. Didn't think it was possible, but here we are.
Basically Australian Trump. Same real estate strategy, take out a mortgage, use the previous asset as security for the next property and so on. Then blame the recession for all your problems. It's almost a mirror into the Trumps, but they developed in a parallel time period. Proves there are more Trumps out there and we need some type of reform. The family is bizarre and there is no line between truth and lie. The "lawyer" daughter is just as terrible at lying as her mother. I just wish someone would do the same with Donald Trump, shove the legal documents that say he's a fraud and call him out on this nonsense.
He and his parent companies went bankrupt several times before the recession. He claimed a loss of almost a billion dollars in 1994 and he sold his casinos to Carl Icann while just licensing his name. He went bankrupt in the easiest industry to make money in. It's really impossible to tell what assets he actually owns in the last few years because he hasn't released his tax return. And don't go spouting off the SEC filings, please.
You're right about the first part but she also didn't pay her mortgages and foreclosed on properties. That's not the best real estate strategy and that's where it gets Trumpy. And maybe also selling your assets to a possible deceased mother. I feel like that should be investigated a bit.
By the look of it, seems like his whole outfit is cum stained.
&gt;However, you can't discover something that doesn't exist. So deep.
Babe, I'm meeting my friends that work at the jail, I'm just going about in a very indirect way!
I can't say I reacted much differently when I got my N64
As a fellow mother, can you buy me gold for this comment?
Allen Dershowitz. Conservative pundit and Trump apologist who is a long time professor at the school.
Oh I saw that posted in another sub. This was fucking eye opening. However I think ending all exceptions is a bit extreme, they do have their reasons when used when monitoring the return on investment. They do absolutely need to be reformed.
We are not the highest effective rate which is what really matters. Our corporate tax rates were highest but no company pays that. How many years has Apple payed effectively no taxes while operating in the US? So many loop holes make the actual set tax rate a imaginary number.
Did we watch the same video?
That was my qtip. Sorry about that.
You say you're missing a pinky, but how do you know the last finger isn't a pinky and you're actually missing or of the other fingers?
Shhhh, the code word is: Globalist
Then why isn't the ISS distorted? A fish eye lens would distort the entire image and not just bottom part of it.
Black mirror was not an instruction manual.
So then why even debate the fish eye lens? Both arguments are equally ridiculous.
Or indict him.
He's already doing a preemptive comb over. Who parts their hair at the side of their head ?
How do people notice this stuff? Is there some sort of script that is run on these kinds of accounts that tests for this?
I hear laurel
Let's do the time loop again.
Racism breeds violence.
I think they're all outraged equally at everything because people were stepping before the racial slurs. It's more of an "ah hah, she's racist that explains it ". Racism breeds violence.
It's more imposed than defended.
ITT : people confuse Saudi Arabia with any other middle eastern county.
We To Slo
Well that buffalo was too slo. Get it?!??!
Where is that large automobile? And you may tell yourself This is not my beautiful house! And you may tell yourself This is not my beautiful wife
The ol wet pet
The ole crank the pump
Yeah I guess that works if you could dig up crude oil from the ground, refine it and make a polyethylene bag to keep your kindling dry back in 1860.
That doesn't rhyme. I'm not doing it.
The dude worked on the Mars rover. Clearly his genius is being put to better use.
Possibly suffered shock or concussed.
The ole poppin with Poseidon.
*Felony pee pee face poo poo head
It's a code word for Jews. Same as globalist in the altright white supremacy lexicon.
Agreed. I have played this game since it was a mod for Quake engine. Simple game play that has changed very little. I still play this regularly. So much fun.
What an appropriate metaphor.
BOOOOMMM! It's naked time everybody!!!
And shoots them in the dick.
I don't fucking get it. I'm an early adopter of new technology and I will never have any of these things in my house. Not until privacy and mass encryption is figured out which may be never in the US. I have missed out on some cool stuff by not having it because it can control many cool things but my privacy is way more important to me. Never will I get one of these stupid things.
What do you mean by expand the House?
Can you post it? Sounds like an interesting bit of history.
I'll take "Concepts that have absolutely no need to be animated" for $100, Alex.
Here we go boys!
You people should have a support group and have a meeting on the edge of a cliff.
Was there really any difference? The anonymous nytimes oped says they were preventing worse things but horrible policies were getting passed by EO anyway.
iPhone 6s 9.1 iOS here. We are a dying breed my friend.
And I'm waiting for it to be over soon.
A walking Amber Alert.
I feel like if you watched all these "how to fake playing the piano" videos you'd actually be good at piano.
*10,000
Cmon give him the benefit of the doubt!
What is bear may never bull.
I pee in two streams.
A "43 year old Brit conspiracy theorist". You should have stopped there, mate, that's the best roast of all.
But Jimmy, you're the only ginger in this house. I think it's you Jimmy: Fuck you.
The "orange man bad" / NPC is the best meme to come out of T_D because they all follow it mindlessly like NPCs
I really don't like the new version of the Annoying Orange.
Birds and snakes and aeroplanes
Yes he would reject it if it didn't.
R/Sweden , whatever is going on here is unhealthy. And silly. Stop it immediately.
Oh I just love hearing someone smacking and talking while eating. It’s my favorite.
Meowt in tarnation?
Was the Miata ok?
Can you elaborate on that reputation?
But why is it that particular caliber?
American here. No Manitowoc WI is pretty far from the boarder. There’s Michigan between Canada and Wisconsin. Their accent is more of their own and is a mystery to us as well. It doesn’t sound Canadian at all to me. I know people from Green Bay which is not too far from Manitowoc and they don’t have that accent. Maybe it’s a product of living in the middle of no where.
Oh it's very possible. In the late 1700s and early 1800s German was the most spoken language in America. It was almost our first language.
He used to do pranks that didn’t really affect or hurt anyone but peeing in a sink next to someone in a salon? Seriously?
You think kids that were beaten while being raised are as calm as Hindu cows? I’ve got news for you. Violence begets violence.
Well look at the big brain on brad! Yup, you are a denier. You misinterpret the expert evidence and DENY the conclusions made by those experts where their entire career in life is to study climate and yours is video games and posting on /r/the_donald.
Violence is violence. There’s no splitting hairs here. People that were hit or beaten as a kid doesn’t make them perfectly adjusted people.
Good retort and excellent counter point. But I insist, since you are such a gentleman, you go first. Edit, haha for the record, your original comment was just “oh fuck off”. You are adorable. Maybe you should learn to control your emotions before commenting.
What makes you think you’re not joining a cult of Oil corporations? Your cult sure isn’t based on science...just like every other cult. Enjoy!
SELL THEIR HOUSES TO WHO, BEN?
Yes please stay there where no one can downvote your pretty little posts and they tell you how awesome you are. It’s a nice safe space for you. You won’t have to deal with redditors like me that call you out on bullshit. They can tell you are a super intellectual skeptic that don’t need no scientist to tell them anything. You stay in your safe space.
Well well you’re one to talk about degenerate. Did your parents hit you on your head a few times?
My source is the entire Mueller report. The report thoroughly outlines how Wikileaks was used as the conduit for Russian hacking. The hacking that was done was systematic and came from the Kremlin. If you haven’t read the report, you’re doing yourself a great disservice and is part of your civic duty as an American. Right I’m a democratic shill, dude. You figured it all out. Redditor for several years and now my one post on r/Green Party is my paid attempt to shill for them. Yeah ok.
I read the report. The investigation that Mueller conducted is the source. The report outlines the many contacts that the trump campaign had with the GRU, IRA, Don Jr, Corsi, and all the other little cronies had with Wikileaks. More importantly, since you seem to be an expert on internet trolls, did you read the report?
Beep boop I AM A BOT beep beep YOU FIGURED IT OUT. boop boop! CURSE YOU HUMANS! *sad beep* SELF DESTRUCT SEQUENCE ACTIVATED
Is this the prepared question you use every time someone challenges whether Russians hacked the servers of the DNC? It is the one weakness in the whole argument and your prepared response proves all the intelligence agencies that investigated this election, it proves them all wrong! Because you know the real truth. You’re the real investigator. The answer to the question unlocks the truth which was that the DNC actually hacked itself and Podesta released his own emails in an attempt to sabotage the Clinton campaign. Holy shit dude you are a genius!!
Why don’t you just tell me the answer? What agency did the DNC use to inspection their servers or whatever. You built up all the suspense. I’m dying to hear about this revelation about the DNC. This better be good. I hope that as you type the response you get so much gratification in owning me, a Dem shill. I hope its everything you waited for.
Dude you just linked that Wikipedia article again! Well that’s it boys, that’s my kryptonite. Packing my bags tonight because genius here just figured me out. Bye bye now!
I starting to feel like anyone that criticizes your precious Green Party is a troll to you. Did you ever consider that maybe you’re the troll? You follow some of the definitions in the Wikipedia article you keep linking.
Wow that looks terrible. What happened there?
Did you just learn what an ad hominem is? Is that why you keep using it? Incorrectly at that. Saying you need medication isn’t an ad hominem. It’s just a fact, my dude.
No, your life is willfully ignorant *and* boring.
Not really. I just edited it after you saw it and possibly while you were writing your response. I saw some mistakes after I posted it. Doesn’t really change the message.
Why do you reply twice? Also you didn’t answer my question about the DNC inspection company thing. I cannot wait. Maybe you’re feverishly typing your award winning response the whole time.
I like you.
I hope I flatter you though. You are a genius. You are about to prove the DNC hacked itself and it will be the revelation of the millennia. I await your response.
I think this is a real concern. I believe there are cases in other counties where stuff like this has happened. Either way, it will be better than a president acting above law.
I’m not disagreeing with you but challenging you. What about the fact that impeachment has always been very damaging to the party doing the impeaching. What if Trump is impeached in the house and it dies in the Senate? Dems may become really unpopular because it’s a failure and Trump can say he’s even more exonerated.
Happy cake day, turdpussy.
MY answer to YOU is I don’t know. I googled it and didn’t find anything. Why are you expecting an answer from me? You clearly know the answer. Let’s let everyone know because it’s gonna blow the lid off whole thing. Maybe we’ll find out who Pepe Silvia is too. No one hacked the DNC. Really? They just gave everyone their campaign emails to damage themselves? And systematically at that, following the access Hollywood recording of trump? Within 5 hours of the video airing they posted Podesta emails to Russian outlets? And then several days following? Does that sound ridiculous to you? Is that your hypothesis right now? And then they lost the election. Was their whole plan to fake a hacking scandal in an election they were favored to win so that everyone would feel sorry for them? Or maybe it was a systematic foreign adversary’s doing like Russia that had motivation to ruin Clinton’s chances to become president and favor Trump. Their involvement in our elections has been ongoing and well documented because theyre so blatant about it. They are doing it in broad daylight ever since 2016 and earlier with other counties democratic elections. Read the Mueller report and maybe get another side of the story. It’s very interesting. Edit: grammar Edit: [here’s the full text of the redacted Mueller report for your reading pleasure](https://www.justice.gov/storage/report.pdf) It’s available on Audible for $FREE dollars. I listened to it on my commute to and from work. Took about a week. Edit: I’m also a Mueller paid shill. It’s a great job. Edit: [Politifact says you’re wrong. The DNC did coordinate with FBI. ](https://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/jul/11/donald-trump/did-john-podesta-deny-cia-and-fbi-access-dnc-serve/)
Oh that is an interesting and recent case. Thanks for sharing.
No it’s not “tsk”. It’s your condescending attitude in responses. You don’t come to discussions in good faith. I don’t think it says much about your own reading comprehension.
Don’t forget to blur out the license plates
It’s your love center. Men can’t resist it. It’s actually what’s in a bottle of Axe.
I made it up. Sorry.
Aliens. That’s the one exception.
Well they kinda have to.
This has gone on for at least two generations. The parents of kids that used to sag in the 90s have kids that sag today. It’s not going away for some reason despite the fact the generation before is criticizing the kids now for it.
Wow good call on the My Bloody Valentine. They must have been an influence on them or vice versa because they were both around the same time.
Man the Dutch are weird. In a good way.
Do you have have any idea how good you would taste? You’re so selfish.
I would loved to see this in the third person. And in real life.
Who are you assuming did the vandalism?
So we have to assume a different race than white did the vandalism, is that correct? It’s not possible that a white person did the vandalism? What evidence other than the demographics support this?
Or that any race other than white will commit vandalism.
But you have to assume they are a different race for it to be racial, right? That’s just by definition. You do realize you make a lot of assumptions about people and situations you have no idea about.
Because you make assumptions based on race with no other evidence.
No using gentrification demographics to justify the notion that the vandalism is a racist act. You have use the assumption that the person doing the vandalism is of a different race than the people it is targeting. And you assume the target is white. This is all racist because you have no idea of either side of the circumstance.
You don’t have to say anything explicitly about the race. This is simple logic. You have to make assumptions to go along with the narrative. From the responses you’re getting in this thread from others, we see through your nonsense. This is not difficult.
Ok that’s a fair point in some respects. I have thought more about that comment and the incident further after posting and I thank you for pointing out. I should have used some more discretion. I don’t know what the right answer was in that situation you linked as I think it’s much more complicated given the context. It was very racially charged and pretty disgusting. I don’t think we should not allow assumptions entirely as the solution. The comment originally made that this was a racially charged event by prescription is just completely wrong. On the scale of how an incident should be categorized whether it’s racially charged based on the level of evidence, I think to assume the graffiti is done by different races is far and away different than assuming someone is a racist by brandishing a gun to scare away people that are black.
I wasn’t there and I seent him
And is filled with diamonds?
No makeup. I find it way sexier. I don’t know why women use it really. We know your eye lids aren’t blue and your lips aren’t that red. Your face has imperfections, it looks amazing.
Daniel &gt; Dan &gt; Dan
Around what time was this?
Am engineer. Struggle with doing arithmetic in public settings on the spot. By myself I’m fine.
Chicago [fucktard](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/bxxg0s/everyone_thank_the_democrats_in_illinois_for/eqaczmx/) here. Firstly, thanks for coming over and wanting a conversation. It seems you've come in good faith. Personally, I haven't heard of the Democrats being the party of poor people. I think, more importantly, we are the party "inclusivity" and "Big Tent", but maybe some people call it the party of the poor. Republicans definitely don't cater to the poor, so I guess we get that defacto title, deserving or undeserving. Either way, it's completely subjective depending how you look at the party and who you ask. It's based on no data and only perception. Ok, so I'm very familiar with the taxes and fees you mention here. The gas tax is really to pay for our dilapidated infrastructure. This is a remnant from our previous governorship, Rauner, who blocked attempts at passing a state budget for his entire term and it made the state spending very inefficient therefore taxes went up to pay our bills. [Mind you, we also had an income tax increase under the Republican governor.](https://www.illinoispolicy.org/failure-on-the-anniversary-of-illinois-2017-tax-hike/) Someone had to pay for running the state and wealthy people didn't want to. Most poor people in the state of Illinois live in Chicago and take public transit. Not to say there aren't poor people in the surrounding area that drive to work, but it doesn't have the effect you appear to think it does. I don't agree this is the best way, taxing the top marginal income would be the best way. This is why a carbon tax will work better than any of these types of fees. The electric vehicle tax is due to the fact that they don't buy gasoline, so they aren't paying the indirect taxes for using the public roads they use every day. They're effectively riding for free while everyone else has to pay for repairs they are causing just s much as a gas powered car. It's one way to solve the inequality problem, but there are others, I don't think this is the best way. This one doesn't affect any poor people that I know of that can afford an EV. Most EVs are out of reach of lower incomes right now, but EVs will come down in price in the future when manufacturing costs are lower due to innovations. We're more than likely going to have majority EVs on the road in the near future, so we don't want to be caught with our pants down not able to pay for our roads because no one is buying gasoline any more. Smoking tax is an incentive to live healthier and it lowers health care costs for everyone in the same system. To me, if you're doing things to harm your body and we're having to pay for it, then it makes sense to incentivize stopping it. It's a good strategy in the long run for everyone. Yes, smoking is tough to quit, buy why should I have to pay for someone else's problem they created themselves? Smoking rates are dropping every year (12% to 4% in the last 10 years), so the amount affected by this is lower and lower, so the state doesn't get as much money from it anymore. Regressive taxes affect poor people, more but it takes just as much effort for a poor person to quit than a rich person. Just quit harming your body! The license plate renewal was originally proposed by the Republican governor (previous admin) and it was actually going to be over $200 and this was also pay for the budget he didn't pass. JB Pritzker lowered it from the original increase. It's still getting increased which sucks, but hey at least it's less than originally proposed. The Trump administration has been stagnant on infrastructure plans for the states, so the money to fix things has to come from somewhere. I don't think either party hasn't raised taxes at some point or any party deserves the title of raising or lowering taxes because it depends on a lot of things. Equal amount of presidential administrations have raised or lowered taxes federally, so it's all a wash to me. I don't think Republicans or Democrats deserve their titles in this respect. But I think a more important question is **WHOSE taxes we are raising or lowering**. In the US, we don't pay a flat rate tax on our income or earnings, we have a marginal system where you can raise or lower taxes in brackets. So, many of the Democratic figures like AOC, Warren, Bernie and many others have been calling for a marginal tax increase to pay back our national debt and close the federal deficit, which was just made larger by our current administration. With over 90% of the yearly wealth generated every year going to the top fraction of a percent, we could easily pay back our extraordinary debt and close the deficit while also investing in our infrastructure. Since, the Trump administration has increased the federal debt burden on everyone, the poor are going to be paying for it. They will lose the government benefit programs that subsidize living and other expenses and that will hit them the hardest. Republicans have been making repeated cuts to Medicare and Medicaid and that is affecting the most vulnerable. Effectively, if you lower taxes on the top wages, you're actually raising taxes on the lower incomes because now you have to cut programs because your federal income is lower. Those cuts in programs are the indirect tax to pay for the subsidizing of the wealthy.
&gt;And if the goal is a better environment, why are they punishing owners of electric vehicles? Personally I believe they should give tax cuts for owners of electric vehicles and subsidize the electric vehicle industry to allow for cheaper low carbon vehicles. But that's just me Man, if you want better tax incentives for EVs, then[ Republicans aren't your party, I hope.](https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/3559)
&gt;They claim all the time to be the party of the poor. That's why they go on and on about progressive tax rates. Who is "they?" &gt;Republicans are the only ones actively not attacking businesses at the moment. The left keeps wanting to raise their expenses and drive them out of the country. At least Republicans are trying tk give companies insentives to actually raise wages and create more jobs. Businesses are not people, I thought we are talking about people. If Republicans have given all these incentives to raise wages, then why are wages[ slow on growth when compared to the top 1% of earners?](https://www.epi.org/publication/americas-slow-motion-wage-crisis-four-decades-of-slow-and-unequal-growth-2/) That hasn't trickled down to me. This administration with the GOP lead house and senate passed the tax bill 10 months ago, the only thing it's lead to is stock buy backs and corporate bonuses for executives. Stock buybacks by publicly traded companies [continue to set records](https://www.reuters.com/article/usa-stocks-buybacks/sp-500-buybacks-set-another-quarterly-record-sp-dow-jones-idUSL2N1XS009). They neared $200 billion in the third quarter for S&amp;P 500 companies. Total amount of buybacks across the economy will top $1 trillion for the full year. Wow, great, who does that benefit? No me. When the GOP controlled all branches of government, this Tax Reform bill should be showing its benefits they promised by now. Are you not outraged by that? All it has done is made the [deficit gap even wider and debt even higher.](https://www.cbo.gov/system/files?file=2019-01/54918-Outlook.pdf). That burden per capita is even higher [now at $22 trilllion](https://www.cnbc.com/2019/02/13/that-22-trillion-national-debt-number-is-huge-but-heres-what-it-really-means.html). 'Member when Republicans said they were the party of fiscal responsibility? I 'member. &gt;But it really doesn't. Ideally it would but in reality nicotine addiction is really hard to kick. So people would still be buying them. Maybe at a less rage but those who are stuck in the habit are fucked. You're also fucked if you ruin your lungs and get cancer. Which would you prefer? Crying about having a an addiction or not being able to breath? It's hard to quit but not impossible. People do it all the time. Stop hurting yourself and making other people pay for it. Simple as that. I don't get why you're sticking up for people that can't quit a bad habit. Why do you defend this point in every response on this post? What's your solution to this problem then? &gt;And thee is my argument against universal Healthcare. Uh, last I checked, we don't have Universal Healthcare. It's a private payer system, if the people on your private insurance plan are sick and incur more fees, the health people have to pay more in premiums. So if you have more smokers on your insurance plan and they get cancer, everyone else's premiums go up to offset the costs. And no, a BMI tax is a horrible idea. &gt;Which was really a very democratic policy for a right winger. Also, the reason it passed was the democrats. They voted 57-10 while Republicans voted 15-45 in the house. So again the root goes down to him cooperating with the democrats to get this passed. If Republicans controlled the state house the hike wouldn't have passed. Wait, I thought Dems were the ones raising taxes according to your original thesis? It's democratic now to raise taxes? Well, I haven't heard this one before. &gt;I'm noticing a pattern. Rauner seems to have more in common with the dems than Republicans. Because like with the previous tax hike most Republicans were against it. Right, so Rauner wasn't a real Republican despite him running as one. He was really a Dem in disguise? Are you really apologizing for this fool? Wow. &gt;If you raise taxes on top wages you are raising expenses for the poor. If you raise marginal taxes on the top wage earners, that money can be put the greater use rather than what historically is being done by lowering taxes on top wage earners, which is keeping it for themselves. The vast majority of wealth keeps going to a fraction of a percent we keep saying that taxing them will hurt the economy. Right... &gt;not this authoritarian oligarchy we have now. Well who's been in control to give us this oligarchy we have now? Lowering taxes for the wealthy certainly has the effect of building said oligarchy. So what's your thesis then? Democrats are the party of increasing taxes except for when Republicans do it, then it's democracy? Republicans are actually the party of the poor because they don't tax the rich? Maybe you read a different version of Robin Hood than I did.
&gt;Oh boy. Can we apply this problem to obesity as well? I see people, especially on the left, defending obesity and saying that all body sizes are healthy and beautiful. I defend this point because I believe in personal freedom. A solution would be stopping a lot of the attacks on ecigs. They have been going hard on them. Really making it expensive. Alright then, watch your premiums go up. You want to make cigarettes more accessible, I guess that's your solution. More sick people means higher health care costs, then higher insurance premiums. &gt;No shit. That's why I states it was an argument against it. That's one of the Democrat talking points right there. I was just bringing it up Then why did you bring it up? Had nothing to do with the conversation. &gt;Well why is it? Shouldn't it be an insentive for people to lose weight? It should also lower insurance premiums. I don't know why you keep bringing this one up. It's not a good idea and these two are not in the same category. Cigarettes and obesity, while both preventable, are completely different. You can stop smoking right now even if you are addicted. It's not easy, but a lot of things aren't easy. It is impossible to stop being obese right now. You can stop eating, but it takes months to lose weight. We are not going to be the state of national weigh ins, I'm sorry, but no. BMI is also a terrible indicator because it does not consider muscle mass, it's just not good measurement. Food sources in low income areas are not conducive to losing weight and it would regressively affect low income people. So no, not the same thing and the taxes wouldn't pay for roads, there are tax provisioning laws. As a Libertarian, I thought you'd be for less government and no taxes whatsoever. But hey, if this is your idea and you feel strongly about it, then go for it. I have no idea why this is the hill you want to die on. &gt;Rauner ran under republican but isn't a conservative. What made him not a conservative? Was it the raising taxes? But I thought raising taxes was OK if you do it democratically and if most Republicans oppose it but it still passes. Are you aware that when Democrats raise or lower taxes, they also do it through a system of voting democratically? Does that make it OK then? &gt;And if you raise the taxes it will all go to an offshore account. So the federal government is going to keep money in foreign accounts....for what? And why? So it avoids...taxing itself? Do you think this actually happens? &gt;Bernie is running for the democratic party but he isn't a liberal. I'm not touching this one, wow. &gt;Yet they still donate millions to charity, pay millions of employees, pay millions of bills, spend millions of dollars, effectively putting that back into the economy. And what happens when you take a large chunk? They leave. That means jobs lost, products not bought, and our money moving to another country. Spending millions individually and setting up charities (for tax havens mostly) do not compare to the size and organization of government programs. You wouldn't need these charities if federal money could be used to strengthen schools and other institutions through federal income. If they leave then they leave. Corporate taxes are still the lowest in any other country, they'll keep their businesses here, but they may expatriot to another country if they don't want to give back to the country that got them to where they are. . Besides, most of the time you hear about large corporations announcing huge layoff, so I don't know where this "job creator" title comes from.
This is definitely enforced by chicagoans. Midwesterners know how to use passive aggression as a weapon to guilt you into giving up your seat.
You do???? I’ve waited 8 long years for this moment. You like me, you really like me!
I never said quitting smoking is easy. I recognized that early. I also recognize that smokers created the problem themselves. What about people like me that never took up smoking? I have to pay for inability to control your instincts while I control mine just fine? I’m happy that you’re on a diet but let’s say your BMI is over the limit now and you have months before you can lose the wait and not get taxed? Your obesity is not “cured” as you put it. Because you still have the weight. Yes you’re making efforts to stop your obesity, as defined by some law, but you still have to pay the BMI tax while the smoker could just stop buying cigarettes. That’s the difference, my friend. I do not want to live in that world you created there. I don’t understand why a libertarian would support that. Aren’t you for less government? &gt;Well you see with that, a doctor can have input. If someone is clearly morbidly obese you can tell that most of their weight comes from fat. It's an easy work around. Yeah no, I have muscle mass that puts me a little over the obesity threshold. So we’re going to have doctors look at people and subjectively assess whether someone has more muscle than fat? I’m not doing that. Again, not very libertarian of you. &gt;But wait. Don't leftists also implement sugar taxes? Don't those negatively affect the poor community? Why would this be wrong but not a sugar tax? I’m for it to an extent because just like cigarettes, you can stop eating and drinking the things that cause you to gain weight. I am totally against the whole BMI thing you proposed. &gt;If someone wants to kill themselves with unhealthy life decisions let them. Their life not mine. Yeah but you’re paying for them to be unhealthy! You’re ok with that? &gt; I'm a minarchist. Yes we know, this is the third time you mentioned it. &gt;Democracy is pretty much responsible for a lot of genocides. Majority decides they hate the minority so they kill them all. Now I’ve heard everything. So if democracy isn’t the answer, then what’s the answer, dictatorships? Go ask China what they’re doing with the [Uighuys](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-china-45474279). It’s a real majority minority thing there. &gt;Actually, in Obama days we had one of the largest corporate tax rates in the world. After trumps tax cuts, he dropped to to be like one percent below the world average. So it is kind of either ignorant or dishonest to say we are the lowest. Hell some countries don't even have corporate tax rates. We have a higher corporate tax rate than the fucking UK. So yeha I would suggest not getting your news from Vox. And are you serious? Not giving back to the country? They literally are giving back. Hence the corporate tax. Not to mention the services and products they make. This is all completely inaccurate. Corporate taxes under the Obama admin were the same before and after. So to categorize it as the “Obama years” , to be consistent, you should also include GHWB, Clinton, and GWB years. [Source](https://images.app.goo.gl/jFBrYrG4AoccP6WF8). Also those taxes were about as low as when they were in 1942, so you should include the administrations between there as well. Furthermore, we have had one of the highest corporate taxes in the world on paper, but, i hate to break it to you, no one paid that rate. You’d be an idiot to do so. There are tons of loopholes that corporations have an entire an department for just taxes and how not to pay them. What you really need to look is Effective Tax Rate, the average rate of what everyone is really paying in taxes. [This is where we are one of the lowest. ](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ae/Effective_Corporate_Tax_Rate_OECD_Countries%2C_2000-2005_Average.jpg) . The graph I linked isn’t updated for after the effect of the tax reform bill and the rate is actually around 10%. Great right. I suppose you’re going to tell me that’s where it should be. Corporations that use way more resources than you and me every day pay a lower rate of taxes. Yup totally fair. if they’re giving back so much [why are even with the effective rate paying zero to almost nothing in taxes?](https://itep.org/60-fortune-500-companies-avoided-all-federal-income-tax-in-2018-under-new-tax-law/). With that, the majority of wealth goes to the top fraction of a percent. &gt; Most of the time that is in areas that increase taxes or minimum wage. Source please. When Verizon laid off 44,000 people, post Tax Reform, was that because of minimum wage and tax increases? It cannot be tax increases that caused layoffs, so let's say you're right about layoffs caused by minimum wage increases (which you're not), let's walk through that. Minimum wages have not kept up with inflation to the point that you are under the poverty line even if you are working full time. Effectively, you're taking a pay cut every year min. wage isn't increased with inflation. That's insane. So even if you laid people off because you supposedly can't afford the increase in minimum (the lowest possible wage we are legally allowed to pay our workers), then should you really be in business? Seriously, if you can't pay your workers so they don't need government programs to get by every day, then that's not giving back to the country that makes you profitable. You pay almost no taxes and you pay your workers the lowest possible wage and then you lay them off. That's not working.
OP was running from the cops.
Well I just checked it now and it's totally back to normal after sitting another 30 min. Stereo sounds fine again, everything is good. Do you think I still have a problem?
Is it to late to do anything that will improve your background and advance your career? Nope. Either way you’re going to turn 34 years old. You can decide today if you want to be that age with or without an engineering degree.
Do you want to be BPT verified or something? Why do you even care?
How are you being discriminated if you don't even want it?
I agree with you but can’t explain why it’s no longer doing it. Been driving around since then, hasn’t been reproduced.
Yeah maybe you’re right. I like finding the root cause to things but this is just a little frustrating. Thanks for your help.
We’re kinda already there. He would mention 13 angry democrats in his tweets all the time. Right around the time QAnon become popular, he changed it to 17 angry democrats. Q is the 17th letter of the alphabet. I doubt Trump even knows what QAnon is or what it means. 4chan folks even claim it’s a nod to those that follow QAnon. We’re already there, my guy.
Right, talking about a dead guy in the present tense totally means you think they are dead.
How many sodas for just the regular amount of fucked up?
On what grounds are you any better than a bag of dirt?
Aliens
Confirmed. Chicago is haunted.
No. You’re awesome.
Farts and balls.
Asking the real questions.
No, this is an insanely aggressive response.
I’m a bleeting heart liberal and I will say denying science is not inherent of conservatives to deny science and reality. This is the era of Trump hijacked conservatism.
Saving the environment should not be political. It’s just good policy. Nixon creating the EPA was just a good idea (mind you, the history of its creation isn’t what it became in the 90s and 00s.). Whether CO2 is going to raise sea levels is not up to whether you’re liberal or conservative. No Im not naïve enough to think it will all go away like Trump was a bad dream. I don’t mean to say that brand of conservatism started with Trump. The brand has gotten drastically worse and includes horrible racism and the adoption of nazis and white nationalists. One could argue that this started with Ginrich and his “wedge issues”. Agree that Fox News and Sinclair are causes for the problem, but not the underlying cause. Us Americans have to take a good hard look at ourselves and what kind of nation we want to be. Morals aren’t changed by television.
For clarification, who is “they” you mention.
Almost 40. I hate the people controlling their donations and bribes more but yeah, I also hate republicans.
Wow putting it all in one sub like that just magnified the criminal nature of these people. Absolutely appalling.
I just want to have Trump sit in a room and someone says “ok tell me everything you know about _____, GO”. I’d just like to know what he understands fully because we get bits and pieces at a time. That would get mightily rewarded by our press.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch?
He doesn’t speak to all of America. Only his 38% base that will not budge on their support no matter what. People criticize us for him not “being our president”. That’s right he’s not our president, he’s YOUR president and only your president. He’s an embarrassment with everything he says and does. Helsinki with Putin was just a disgrace and with every time he is abroad and representing our country he is disgraceful. Charlottesville is another example of his true colors, he does support horrible people. He plays footsie with white supremacists, supports them and gives signals to them and then after brow beating, only then denounced them. Why not just denounce them everyone? It’s because they support him he supports them. Policies he’s supporting are detrimental to our society and support for the middle and lower class. We don’t say “orange man bad” blindly as there are many reasons we do not support this man just as I am sure there are reasons you feel are rational on why you may support him. Trump lies and makes false claims and that gives us more evidence that he does not support Americans outside that 38% impenetrable barrier. He does not represent our values and he is not in our best interest as a country. So I get the feeling you think have an irrational hate for this person that is our president but I don’t speak for everyone and I will say from his campaign to be president to today, he has not given me reason to support him.
Fuck shit stack.
Who attended and didn't attend the testimony?
Oh Jim Fuckin Jordan. Of course he didn’t attend.
I started /r/asktrumpsupporters2 but didn’t really take off.
No. You make a lot of sense.
Benefit of the doubt here. Similar situation has happened to me and I avoided the accident successfully. The dark car may have thought the light car wasn’t going to pull out all the way. More of like popping out too far and dark car was going to go around light car while taking up some of true oncoming lane to get around. Sure enough light car went out too far and dark car had no time to react. This worked in my situation because the car pulling out stopped and saw me at the last second.
I text all the time and my wheels never fall off.
🎶 *Highwaaaay to the AutoZone*🎶
Coalition for Better Ads sounds like a way to make better garbage. Kinda Orwellian.
I understand that but that doesn’t mean I have to like advertisements. I don’t want to be sold something every five minutes, and I don’t like we put time and resources into something that no one likes. I fully get people need to get paid and ads are one of methods. Doesn’t mean I’m not going to make efforts to watch the ads.
Why can’t it be both?
Who said we should get rid of them?
Nope I never said get of them nor am I implying that. You are inferring way too much from very little information. There’s a need for people to get paid for what they produce and for other people to advertise their products to sell them. It’s not at all extreme to reference 1984 when it comes to a an organization whose goal is to make better advertisements. I’m sorry you took up a lot of your time trying to prove something that isn’t there.
I’ll bet you’re great at parties.
I appreciate the reflection. You are presuming way too much from so little information. You have no idea what I think should happen with ads. I didn’t make any proposals. I take no responsibility for you misinterpreting my words. That’s on you and I find it highly ridiculous to assign accountability to me for your own interpretation. Maybe consider the ratio of words of your replies to the original text. Not saying this isn’t the only way to decide whether you’re presuming too much but it’s a likely indicator. I know when I write a wall of text, half way through, I look back at the original comment and I end up taking out half what I typed. Just some unsolicited advice for you, the best kind of advice.
You all should know the song played in the background is Jimi Hendrix’s finest performance. Educate yourself by checking it out. https://youtu.be/LyqC6_TgLOo Jimi Hendrix at Filmore East New York.
Could you also use some Bondo to smooth out the plastron. Blemishes like that might it lose value if he wanted to sell it in a few years.
No, *you’re* perfect.
My all perfect?
What does the sink outside have to do with this? It knows what it did.
God I’m glad I’m not the only one. I know porn should not be used to any kind of comparison but I thought there was something wrong with my balls because I would see women in porn suck on the balls and the guy would love it and I sure didn’t like it. Light fondling ok, but just stick with the shaft and we are golden.
Good to know. Fingering intensity definitely depends on the person.
We must evacuate all of New York. She’s too toxic.
It’s funny, when I was in Amsterdam, I kept telling my friend to stop walking in the bike lane. He is so self unaware. Sure enough, a biker “mistakenly” got too close and he got a Dutch elbow to the back and was cursed at. He was much more aware of where he was walking after that.
You do realize Sputnik is Russian state run media.
No, you’ve been a thing for years.
Another good one. http://www.all-guitar-chords.com/ Great site, multiple uses.
So C# minor is the chromatic scale? I don’t get it, there must be more to this.
What intersection is this? I feel like it’s near Vondelpark
Ah I was way off lol. I recognized Satch and I guess there’s more than location of those.
I’m calling the police.
Are you Buzz Lightyear?
But he talks like a gentleman like you imagined
There’s this Dutch pilot for KLM that explains all kids of things about air travel. His explanation of turbulence put me at ease after I had a stein of really bad turbulent flights. https://youtu.be/p4DoiUXGDro
Swague muffins
FYI, it's available for free on Audible in its entirety.
Because war is always the answer.
Clean your anus because you are naughty and there is concentrated evil coming out the back of you.
No you’re a super crisp modern font.
Would you fuck me? I’d fuck me. I’d fuck me hard.
Senator Sanders, how will you convince the Obama-Trump voters of 2016 to vote for you or the Democratic candidate of 2020?
I thought you included a glass of Malort. I hesitated for a second but then I still was on board.
They were just too dumb and incompetent to commit conspiracy with the Russians. Their interference helped them but their incompetence actually saved them from being prosecuted. It’s actually amazing.
Why do you think he came all this way?
I asked the same question after the infographic was written on the article of the text messages.
Hi
And and your dad likes penis now.
And you’re adopted, were getting a divorce.
I think the bad designs and poor hardware were inevitable. You already gained this perceived notoriety that you’re the best most innovative company. There were problems with Apple components and hardware during his tenure too. When you’re at the figurative top, you have no one really to compete with. I think the current direction that Apple has gone would not look much different with Jobs at the wheel really. It’s all about perception.
But he has the most interesting story. He will be the Burger King.
Why don’t they start their own publication that opens everything to the public?
People lie on the internet?
I got it too fam. Been gettin it since the 90s, kid.
You’re right. It’s actually a Barn Pie.
What do you mean live steam engines? Like a actually running on a boiler? I need more information. I have questions!
I didn’t know it was done at HO either. Awesome! Thanks for sharing!
candy is dandy.
r/thomasthetankengine_irl
You did watch the video.
What hole? I need a red circle to identify said hole.
I thought I’d never be the old guy and say “they don’t make em like that any more” but I definitely was while watching this video. I had one just like that one and it was metal. Today, it’s all injection molded plastic. I thought about the workers that made those, each part has to be stamped out, bent to shape, and riveted while starting out with just thin sheet metal. Someone had to come up with the procedures to make the truck and train all the employees. Manufacturing has come a long way and interesting to think about the techniques required to make that toy. Today it’s just someone operating an injection molder, maybe not even pushing a button, some are totally automated. Plastics have changed so much in a short amount of time.
Well I stand corrected. I made the incorrect assumption they would have just converted it all to ABS. Googling a few minutes, it looks as if very little has changed on this model. Thanks for letting me know.
I can vouch for him. I was wrong only once too.
Is the procedure covered by insurance?
Sorry, I removed the brain, boss
It’s rocket surgery.
Yeezy
I think the people saying it’s too small or hard to read have yet to try using it. Just trying to give true benefit of the doubt. You don’t know anything unless you try it. Maybe it will be hard to read but first but let’s not stifle creativity here.
It's basically a loot box, but you get no loot and there is no box.
[To the manufacturers out there, you’ve been warned](https://youtu.be/xvveP8Y4LjU)
Anyone know what happened? Did they have a race with only 4 cars then?
I was just going to ask this. Would it be beyond the effort of spaying?
Please elaborate.
How many marijuanas tho
Found the factorio player.
Am I the dipshit?
And how much karma I get
SPOILER: He done it.
Have you played goldeneye?
Then poked
I’m glad to just be a part of this and your dreams.
The second options don’t always mean they’re the worst option.
Why do aliens get to lay on the bathroom floor?
More than 5 meters. Maybe more than 6
I wouldn’t go that far. I think we can only safely say it’s less than the distance to the moon.
[phteven ](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/mobile/000/014/409/phteven.jpg)
*THE(tm)
Is it authentic?
No you’re outstanding.
Hasn’t gone too well for them.
Set the bar lower again.
What was the purpose of the air scoop at the bottom of the P51?
Fix It Again, Tony
The starcaster is a criminally underrated guitar.
I hope they played Eruption by Van Halen as they walked down the aisle. That’s the only appropriate song here.
Now that’s a reference I get because I’m old.
High five, my friend.
Well I came.
The ones at the entrance to my base are eaten up by random biters.
Hmm. That’s interesting. I may consider it. Thanks for letting me know.
Reading you post, I thought of another idea. A few solar arrays and accumulators can support pump jacks pretty well. Not sure about mining though.
This is happening to me in a desert. Strange.
TIL WHEN PASTING SOMETHING HIT SHIF MOUSE SCROLL WHEEL. IT WILL CHANGE YOUR FUCKING LIFE.
Is this peaceful mode?
There actually a guy running for Congress now with a video on pornhub of himself drinking his own pee. I would link it if I could search porn on my phone right now.
Yeah I wrestle with putting them in when I start a new base. Like I find them just annoying but I also like them as an incentive to research military stuff. Otherwise you’re just trying to launch a rocket. I hope there will be some more interesting dynamics with the biters in the future.
How do you get water to your boilers? Train?
Santa?
I always have shenanigans turned on.
Nee Nieuwe Oude Straat. Oude Oude was so 2008
Samsies. Voted for Bernie in 2016 but Warren this year and I’m ok if Bernie or really any other Democrat gets the nomination.
Acid washed jeans were popular well into the 90s as well. These guys were living 10 years in the future
In my eyes indisposed
This is really what I want someone to do. Get trump in a room and just say “ok tell me everything you know about X, 30 min, GO!” I think we will hear some interesting stuff.
I’ll call Ja Rule.
Calendars? Bout it.
I hear about these cases a lot. I have so many questions for people that do this.
Poop
Those weren’t hamburgers?
You call them steamed hams despite the fact they are rolled
It’s all jacked up on Mountain Dew.
Don’t tell me what to do.
Can someone fill me in on what LTN is?
Oh cool. Thanks.
Driving in the car with my friend and his girlfriend of 1 month. He farted something awful and I claimed it. I got you bro.
Seriously, If I ate one, what would happen?
According to PornHub, they will join you in your nakedness.
I’m calling the police!
Tanks for nothin!
Right, it’s literally BillyBob down the street with a pointed stick and a pitbull
Even though they weren’t so great.
Wait, hold up. People lie on the internet now?
And right after that, they blamed the public. We’re not the cause.
I think the engineer is just following what would happen in a real factory. Lots of Lean Waste here!
Yes, let the marinara flow through you.
What if Obama did this?
Wait, she is criminally liable here right? I mean there are cases where you can be criminally neglectful of children, doesn’t this fall under that and didn’t she just confess to this crime?
And that’s such an engineer response. Very detailed and only recounting what he/she knows and can verify happened. No stupid speculation. Classic engineer dude. Source: am engineer.
https://youtu.be/SBDRwiSZSBg I’m calling Bill Cosby.
I swear the most annoying thing in this game is making a large bus elbow.
And I only buy organic non GMO locos.
That’s the joke.
That’s the whole point.
Depends on what you consider the course. You can be off course and still arrive at the same destination.
Wook at da wittle Choo choo
Just strap it down so it doesn’t fly away and get duplicated.
QED: System Fault
I really want to understand this but I’m stupid. Thank you.
Balls of steel.
I call them the woosher tubes
NYTimes Daily Podcast today has a segment about it. So there are a lot of listeners of the podcast. It is true that there is a culture in the government about you have to be exactly perfect or you lose the power you have. That part is unique to China and much of the Asian world as well.
Unattractive, still had a threesome. Fuck yeah, my dude.
LPT: If someone mentions the fire in the kitchen, tell them it’s the Aurora Borealis
Did you mean the first amendment? I’m confused what you’re insinuating by invoking the right to bear arms and the news media.
Lotto, I don’t fit you!
Woman: yiff.
🖐 🎤
If you got the money honey, we got your disease. (I was going to make a parody of the lyrics, but this actually fits. )
Mom?
I think the cat is dead too.
[I will name him George](https://youtu.be/ArNz8U7tgU4)
Thats good and all but it’s sure is some spotty data.
That’s still not political.
The height of the boat as a function of its length.
Are you from Hawaii?
I supported Warren in the primary and I’m definitely voting for Joe in November. Joe is running on the most progressive platform than any democratic candidate ever. It will remain to be seen whether he carries out that platform but he has definitely been making progressive moves and speaking the language. Pretty good for an olde fart 😊
Please don’t ever think that Melania isn’t a partner in crime here. She’s pretty much on par with Trump. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2019/dec/07/melania-trump-no-caped-crusader-for-womens-rights-still-donalds-fig-leaf?CMP=Share_iOSApp_Other
It’s such stupid logic the AllLivesMatter bullshit. They said the same thing in the 60s civil rights movement. This is designed to delegitimize the need for equality. If I say I like pistachio ice cream it doesn’t mean I hate all the other flavors.
Also, if I say I like pistachio ice cream, it doesn’t mean I hate all the other flavors.
Give it a try again. I played saxophone as a kid and it was pretty easy to read sheet music because there were no chords so it was like just pushing buttons. Guitar has a lot of technique and in my opinion, one of the hardest instruments to pick up initially. I started guitar with tab but I’ve been switching back and forth actually. Sheet music has more dense information about the music that’s transcribed.
Thanks for linking it
It’s that damn c shape chord!
Turn it around
Was the message with this “defund the police” to totally defund them or just partially? I totally agree with your message and think that removing police entirely is throwing the baby out with the bath water. Police are still needed.
Your message is very well thought out and either side has to not go to extremes to attempt to solve a problem. You just get more problems. Think about this with a sober mind and read the studies. There are tons and tons of studies of how to de escalate situations and militarization of police does not work and neither does doing away with police. There’s a whole area in the middle that can have a solution.
Milk doesn’t even age much in 24 hours!
This really belongs in r/quitmybullshit
I really didn’t even know it was a sub before I posted it.
BLACK LIVES MATTER
Are you asking or stating this?
Good chord changes but need to work on rhythm and strumming pattern. Learn and use more interesting patterns
Way to go ya fuckhead. Now you’ve opened the portal to the Xen world from Half life. As if we didn’t have enough problems already.
I think it’s really fewer people are voting republican.
Tucker is married to the heiress of the Swanson foods enterprise. He is the elite.
Only on Tegridy Farms.
Yes you can. It only dents the shit out of the cars next to it or just set cones on adjacent spots.
Steven? Yes?
Because cheap labor in undeveloped countries and some countries can just produce it better or cheaper. Most economies move to a service industry type economy. You don’t have to produce product to contribute to GDP.
Cadbury doesn’t support the Oxford comma? Well fuck em.
I didn’t know Tom Morello was into art.
Buckle up buckaroothhs!
Now that’s a moire
I had this too. I remember reading somewhere it’s call the Alice in wonderland effect.
ITS FUCKING RAAAWWW! YOU DONKEY
I love Utrecht!
I love you more.
Whats the certification called?
Hey remember that Obama parade? Yeah neither do I.
Right and we’re they really in a hurry that it was necessary to ram into pedestrians, but they had time arrest the guy?
Well he can’t drink water normally.
Aren’t all drinks water based?
Oh those purple boys
Come see the violence inherent in the system!
Do you watch the show Ramy?
It’s a show about an American Muslim with immigrant parents from Egypt.
Actually a comedy.
Have you at least tried it?
Am I really the first person to say it?? Damn look at that Buick in the background. No one is going to comment on it really?
The one that smelt it.
What thread size was your finger nail?
And a three star review of the warning.
It is known.
I believe that person may have supplied it.
Album cover
Bart
You could say the same about the pants you’re wearing now and your old pants.
Fuck trump, but don’t say you’re going to cough on someone. That went a bit too far.
No you are the cool one.
At this time of year? Localized entirely in your ass?
This has got to be Russia.
Yeah but it was some of the same documentaries put on a loop. What they should have done was improve those documentaries kinda like Netflix has been doing.
My grandmother could not solve this
It’s because she’s dead.
Pretty much 75% of the listings I see today are in that category and some crazy wide angle, almost fish eye lens. Are people still fooled by cartoony, over saturated photos?
Maybe true, but cameras can do a ton of after processing that was previously done in photoshop, so it’s almost like saying nothing. Just because you don’t do it with software after the photo is taken doesn’t mean it isn’t done.
Holy fuck can that thing chooch
NL?
Amplitube!!
Hey boys
Too soon.
r/unpopularopinion should be removed.
Why did you do this.
Is anyone going to ask why he dug in his toilet?
Goddammit, everyone guy I know keeps quoting that dude. On everything. What a damn cult of personality. It’s as if they have no thoughts of their own.
You should say this to his face and record it.
This is literally a political ad. Doesn’t this violate the sub guidelines?
Jokes on you, I actually want to attract mosquitos.
So do you.
Absolutely. And they should have used mice first. Hairstylist mice are hard to find and train but it’s for science.
Call local newspapers. I have no idea if you’re full of shit but journalists will try to corroborate your story.
This guys is just commenting hurtful stuff that isn’t very nice.
&gt; This guy is trying to sound smart but has no idea what he is talking about this is mean as hell
You’re trying to sound smart but you have no idea what you’re talking about.
Is that a Greg Bennett?
Good one!! Mom jokes are always a sign of comedic genius! Keep it up, friend.
Again, comedic genius.
Der takin er jerbs!
This incident feels like we’ve gone 40 years back in time but the response is definitely a step forward for NASCAR.
This is mine now.
I’m a dude and not a very emotional person. Cried when she got the puck.
No you fix that shit!
So his twitter account became r/actualpublicfreakouts
I had a bmw
E92 328. Great car but glad I’m done paying for the maintenance.
Chicago
Got a job working from home and didn’t need it.
Sign that kid up for the GOP.
COVID19 is for little tough boys like you.
How do I stop getting kidney stones
It is a good thing. Also, the fact that no one committed a hate crime and the entire organization rallied around someone that they thought had been the victim of said hate crime. A problem that might happen is if someone does commit something hateful and race related might be taken less seriously.
Check out the original Quake Team Fortress and see how far that game has come. I’m an old gamer and been playing this since then. Thus game really is timeless and many many other games should credit it for its influence.
Thanks Kenneth Copeland. Praise virus fighting Jesus.
This is the same thing used since Rodney King. Even before that.
Was this an old PC game??
Holy shit I remember this!!!
Was 17 in 97 lol. I’ve gotta find this game to bring back the nostalgia.
Awesome. I know what I’m doing this weekend.
Doesn’t this reflect who has been getting out to vote over the last 20 years? Most people vote who they relate to most and that still means today that old people actually get out and vote. If you don’t vote, you can’t look at this and say you’re not part of the problem.
HDR? If it is, very subtle and tasteful.
Damn I remember playing this game. Was way ahead of its time.
I am pro coco
I am pro coco
American here. Don’t do what we’re doing. It’s not going well. Wear a little piece of fabric on your face for part of the day and we will do better to prevent deaths.
EINS.
Was there a parachute on the bike rack?
You’re a good dad.
DREI
