Es ist eine von den Siegermächten verbreitete Fehlinformation, dass man als Mitarbeiter der Deutschland GmbH überhaupt arbeitslos sein kann. Im schlimmsten Falle erlaubt die Betriebsordnung temporäre Unterbeschäftigung, weshalb man aber in jedem Fall sein Grundgehalt (Hartz 4) erhält. Glückwunsch, du wirst Kanzler!
Aber das Geschäftsjahr beginnt doch iwo im April. ~.~
Am EU nationalist, and fully agree. We need a synthesis of European and national identity, not an "either or".
Hear hear!
*Achdugrüneneunedasistabernochmalgutgegangenheit.*
Still better than Welsh.
&gt;If. *Epigg Spartans :DD*
Wir könnten uns tatsächlich besser organisieren. Vielleicht jeden Sonntag an einem Platz in der Mitte vom Dorf ...
This I need to hear. Why is it "natural" and why should one support it?
I'd rather have Poland - or anyone else not yet included - stay outside the EZ for now as well. More members will complicate an already difficult reform/integration process.
This man colonises.
Federal EU with strong centralisation of [high politics](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_politics), oversight over inter-EU commerce, common currency, federal research funds and space program (ESA integrated into the EU), and the rest up to the member states. I would not mind a constitution less focused on universalist principles - no wiggle room on rule of law/democracy however - and more on allowing member states to determine their own societies. --------------------------- The reason for having such an EU is this: every nation should have the ability to decide their own society. However, the decision of one nation affects more than just that nation. This gives rise to conflicts of interests. The EU provides a framework which a) restricts its member states' possible decisions to assure a coherent Union while being mimimally invasive [the constitution] b) uses the Union to manage conflicts of interests in a European legal system Furthermore, the Union assures that c) nobody from outside the Union unwarrantly influences the decisions of member states or the resolution of conflicts of interests between them. All in all, the Union goes beyond mere peace-keeping between member states. Instead, it should serve as a means to allow "self-realisation of each European nation", by establishing a clear legal structure for decisions involving more than one member state, representing all member states and a common interest formed through a common political structure to the outside world. Latter is necessary for the Union to protect member states from hostile external influence on member states' self-realisation.
On mobile, so only a short answer. First, the poll you have in mind did not ask for support of a federal Europe, but of a USE as Schulz proposed it. Those two are very different beasts, as many federalists oppose his ideas. Secondly, to implicitly label federalists as people who seek to ignore voter concerns is dishonest. We do not, and if *centralists* do so it does not mean we do. In fact, I'd reckon most federalists only want a federal EU if the majority of Europeans agree. Thirdly, if we take the most recent Eurobarometer as guidance, Europeans wish stronger EU action in areas such as security and defense - but not only. Even if federalism has been conflated with centralism, the distinct desire for European level government is existant within the population.
I agree with you on the problematic way the EU has been pursuing integration. It is not my intention to push away all guilt from federalists, yet I still reject the idea that it is federalists who prevent the EU from developing democratically. Two core demands are a functioning parliament and a constitution ratified by all member states. We want an honest and open debate about a federal Europe because we believe we can win it! National governments wish to suppress such a debate, because it could spell the end of their *uniquely* national power structure. From our point of view, the problem lies in the dishonesty of national governments towards their electorate. National governments seek the benefits of *some* EU membership, of benefits at the costs of other member states, and of course the ability to decide much behind closed doors in the EU Council while pushing responsibility away from themselves. If national governments actually had to defend their European position honestly and in public, it is not clear that they would remain in power. However, it need not lead to dissolution of the EU. People might actually begin to realise that what often is deemed to be the EU's fault is in fact the doing of their national governments. No wonder then that integration is pursued without public debate; it bestows benefits without losing the ability to transfer responsibility.
I arrived today in Schipol from North America. The first thing I did was drink the tap water - and I'm Mountain-Dutch. Still, it tasted like ~~home~~ oppressive socialist dystopia. All in all, I agree with /u/ConnorXfor about the Dutch way of travelling.
&gt;[...] which was by the way caused by? Napoleon, because that fucker laid the groundwork for a unified German state by abolishing the HRE, re-organising plenty of fiefdoms and creating a common enemy for Germans to rally against! All in all, we should blame the Achaeans for having destroyed Troy thus causing Rome, therefore France.
&gt; European culture is pretty unified and it is hardly "diverse". Bold thesis.
&gt;Great story telling Thank you! &gt;[..] it was by fact the most impactful event in all of European history. Debatable, as many historians would see WWI as a more profound event to the point of causing WWII (in a non-trivial manner, that is). In any case, the entire discussion was started due to a migrant crisis originating in the Middle East/North Africa. If we are dealing blame, let's not look at either Germany or America and instead focus on the two imperial powers who managed to divide up the MENA region in this perfectly unsuitable fashion.
Which is hardly a strong move away from the claim that there is a unified culture. I am neither contesting nor supporting it, I merely find it refreshing to be faced with an insistence that there are next to no differences between Europeans for once. Usually, it is the other way around.
&gt;Hungary is prepared to increase its contribution to the European Union to 1.2% of gross national income (GNI) &gt;Member statesʼ contributions to the EU budget now stand at about 1% of GNI. Hungaryʼs contribution to the budget was 0.89% of GNI in 2015, EU data show. All in all, an increase of 0.31% cmpr. to 2015. I am too lazy to find a better source, but [here](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8036097.stm#start) is a BBC article summarising the GNI payments of each member state in 2007. I am sure Eurostat will have more recent statistics available, considering we got one from 2015 for Hungary.
Well, there are now posters of Die Linke at my university tellling me about the threat of German re-militarisation and a new world war.
It was an event similar to [this one](http://www.wsws.org/de/articles/2017/01/06/iyse-j06.html) organised by IYSSE. Here a wonderfully neutral [blog](https://www.fit4russland.com/widerstand/767-die-rueckkehr-des-deutschen-militarismus-und-die-faelschung-der-geschichte) describing a similar event at Humboldt University. I should apologise to Die Linke, however. It seems that they have ceased to be sufficiently left-wing for the organisers. From the first link: &gt;Die Rechtswende wäre nicht möglich, wenn sie nicht von den nominell „linken“ Parteien mitgetragen würde, betonte Stern. Er belegte mit zahlreichen Zitaten, wie die Grünen und die Linkspartei die Kriegspolitik und die Staatsaufrüstung unterstützen. Viele Vertreter der Linkspartei und anderer pseudolinker Organisationen verteidigten mittlerweile sogar Trump, sagte Stern und führte Aussagen von Sahra Wagenknecht, Bernie Sanders und der Politikwissenschaftlerin Chantal Mouffe an.
Pretty much.
Und deshalb hab ich kein Auto.
Das ist zweitrangig, ich kann jederzeit reich werden indem ich Bitcoins kaufe.
BGH, fick ja.
You can model defense R&amp;D on it, for example to build better tanks facing Russia. Just saying.
Dafür kann für Männer die Wehrpflicht wiederhergestellt werden. Also nicht rumflennen! Edit: Ich korrigiere - sie gilt immernoch, ist jedoch nur auf den "Spannungs- und Verteidigungsfall" beschränkt. Kriegt also lieber Töchter, meine Kerle.
[Hier](https://twitter.com/noahbarkin/status/951737514532003840) eine relevante Seite Europa-Politik aus dem Sondierungspapier von der vieles im Spiegel nicht erwähnt wird. Dort finde ich wurde ein guter Kompromiss ein-, und auf Frankreich zugegangen. Sollte die GroKo zustande kommen würden Frankreich und Deutschland vermutlich einen parlamentarisch kontrollierten EMF als Stabilitätsgarant und Investitionsfond unterstützen. Wenn der EMF das tun soll was im Sondierungspapier steht ist dieser so nah an "Europäischem Finanzminister" wie man sein kann ohne die Stellung offiziell zu vergeben: &gt;Wir wollen fiskalische Kontrolle, wirtschaftliche Koordinierung in der EU und der Eurozone [...] &gt;Den ESM wollen wir zu einem parlamentarisch kontrollierten EWF weiterentwickeln, der im Unionsrecht verankert ist. Das würde bedeuten, dass der EMF (=EWF) stark genug sein soll um wirklich relevant zu sein, und - hoffentlich - vom EU Parlament kontrolliert. Wenn dem EU Parlament dann noch gelingt de fakto zu entscheiden wer den EMF führen darf könnte man diese Person "EU Finanzminister" nennen, auch wenn es das Amt nicht offiziell geben wird. PS: Weiß jemand mehr über den angeblichen EU Mindestlohn der im Sondierungspapier steht? Edit: Die Seite ist auch in so fern interessant, als das Deutschland bereit ist mehr in den EU Haushalt zu bezahlen und die EU generell finanziell zu stärken. Andere interessante Dinge sind z.B. die Überzeugung, dass die EU eine gemeinsame Aussenpolitik braucht. Wer sich über die SPD beschwert könnte evntl. hier glücklich werden.
Noch schöner! :D
Das Papier aus einer EU-Perspektive: &gt; Die globalen Kräfteverhältnisse haben sich in den letzten Jahren grundlegend verändert - politisch, wirtschaftlich und militärisch. Neue Schwerpunktsetzungen der USA, das Erstarken Chinas und die Politik Russlands machen deutlich: Europa muss sein Schicksal mehr als bisher in die eigenen Hände nehmen. Nur gemeinsam hat die EU eine Chance, sich in dieser Welt zu behaupten und ihre gemeinsamen Interessen durchzusetzen. Nur gemeinsam können wir unsere Werte und unser solidarisches Gesellschaftsmodell, das sich mit der Sozialen Marktwirtschaft verbindet, verteidigen. Deshalb braucht die EU eine Erneuerung und einen neuen Aufbruch. Prinzipiell ist die Lage also angekommen. Ein paar Beispielforderungen, die so schon in der letzten Legislaturperiode zum Schluss immer öfter aufkamen: - &gt; Die gemeinsame europäische Außen- und Sicherheitspolitik muss im Sinne einer Friedensmacht Europa gestärkt werden. Sie muss dem Prinzip eines Vorrangs des Politischen vor dem Militärischen folgen und auf Friedenssicheung, Entspannung und zivile Krisenprävention ausgerichtet sein. Wir wollen die Zusammenarbeit bei der Sicherheits- und Verteidigungspolitik (PESCO) stärken und mit Leben füllen. - &gt; Wir wollen mit einer kohärenten Afrika-Strategie die Zusammenarbeit mit Afrika auf allen Ebenen ausbauen - &gt; Die EU braucht auch eine gemeinsame Außen- und Menschenrechtspolitik Für Europa-Interessierte empfehle ich weiterhin Seite 5 und die vorgeschlagenen Eurozonen-Reformen zu lesen. Der ESM soll zu einem EWF erweitert werden welcher sowohl den Euro gegen globale Krisen schützt wie auch fiskalische Kontrolle und Koordinierung der EU/Eurozonen-Wirtschaft ermöglicht. Des Weiteren soll der EWF parlamentarischer Kontrolle unterliegen (dem EU Parlament, vermute ich) und im Unionsrecht verankert sein. Interessant ist außerdem Seite 6, wo beschrieben wird wie der Fachkräftemangel unter anderem durch "innereuropäisches Potential" begegnet werden soll. Weiterhin wird von einem Gesetz gesprochen, was die Immigration von Fachkräften nach Deutschland besser regeln/attraktiver machen soll. Das könnte ein Weg sein die Arbeitsmärkte in der EU besser zu integrieren. Die hohe Arbeitslosigkeit in den südlichen Mitgliedsstaaten könnte verstärkt dadurch abgebaut werden, dass diese EU Bürger nach Deutschland ziehen. &gt; Im Rahmen eines Bürokratieabbaugesetzes III [...] *Deutschland.jpg*
Das kommt darauf an, wie tiefgreifend der Europäische Wirtschaftsfond aufgestellt wird. Je tiefer, desto mehr Richtung SPD-Vorschlag. In diesem Fall würde ich schon davon sprechen, dass die SPD sich hier durchgesetzt hat - insbesondere da noch Schäuble den EWF außerhalb des EU-Rechts/ohne parlamentarische Kontrolle haben wollte.
As an SPD voter, I would agree. I am rather confused by the complete hatred at all of this. I understand the disappointment at a lack of strong social policies within Germany, but the European part of the agenda seems SPD-dominated when compared to what the CSU wanted and CDU usually puts forth. As somebody who voted SPD for this exact reason, I am satisfied.
Until the EZ tanks and the German economy along with it. But I get the general idea that people don't care so much about it. *However*, much of the SPD Hype on /r/de was about its pro-EU stance.
*Wenn du nicht Nazi sein kannst, was wirst du dann?* *Hier kommt der nette Salafist von nebenan!* *Drum Kinder machet euch den Bart und schnallt euch an!* **Folge 72 - Jungfrauen in Nöten.**
Was mich eher wundert ist, warum niemand mal in die Familie schaut und guckt warum ein 12-Jähriger meint Bomben basteln zu müssen. Der Staat bzw. die Gesellschaft kann sich mit mehr als nur harten Strafen zur Wehr setzen. Im Notfall müsste man Kinder aus so einem Umfeld entfernen können um sie vor Radikalisierung zu schützen. Das ist meiner Ansicht nach auch kein "ideologisches" Problem, da wir hier nicht auf Umerziehung abzielen sondern dem Kind beibringen wollen keine Mitmenschen umzubringen. Wenn es mit einem Messer durch die Straße gerannt wäre müsste man doch ebenso handeln, auch wenn das Messer sich als stumpf herausstellte. Edit: Kind wegnehmen ist natürlich die Notlösung. Wenn die Familie sich als vernünftig herausstellt kann man ja mit ihr arbeiten, und pyschologische Hilfe mit einbeziehen. Das Hauptargument dagegen ist natürlich wie immer das Geld. Eine Gesellschaft die sich um die Individuen kümmert ist natürlich zuwieder. Kein Wunder das Religion das Kümmervakuum vereinnahmt, dafür wurd's ja erfunden.
Danke! Hört sich also an wie eine Radikalisierung der Identität wegen. Das ist immer der gleiche Mist. :/
Considering the first ambassador to the Netherlands was John Adams, it surely is embarassing to have such a dimwit walk in his footsteps.
There's a reason you start as the US for your first game in Victoria ...
Since American soldiers are in my country, could *they* pack *their* bags instead? Surely, nobody would want to defend an ungrateful bastard such as myself.
&gt;For Liam is the boy at the heart of ‘Monkeygate’. ... &gt;**‘Monkeygate’.** *Nein.*
&gt;“We have an acting government which can act and must continue to work,” Achim Post, deputy leader for the SPD in parliament, told Reuters. **He said the coalition blueprint clinched on Friday would pave the way for a “paradigm shift” on Europe away from austerity and towards more investment and jobs.** Aside from his rather interesting interpretation of what an acting government's role is, the fact that Schäuble is no longer finance minister while the FDP failed to obtain his position, there is a real chance this particular member of the SPD is telling the truth.
Correct. I merely emphasised their inability to obtain the finance ministry over their inability to obtain *any* ministry.
Why not both? The EMF is supposed to be under parlimentary control. Depending on how strong it is, this will grant the EuroParl some important new powers.
I am not arguing about the way we elect the Commission President, even though Juncker himself will not be running next year. I am pointing out that the latest push for EZ reform will include an EMF that is controlled by parliament. This is as democratic as you can be in a representative democracy, assuming you are satisfied with the way the EuroParl is formed. Of course, you pointed out the possibility of direct democracy within the EU. I have nothing to contribute there. My first instinct would be to reject it based on practical matters - does direct democracy work with such a diverse electorate, even *if* it considers itself the citizenry of some grand European confederation? I don't know. Hence I restrict myself to pointing out that economic and political reform, at least within representative democracy, can occur at the same time.
I understand your concerns regarding the EU parliament, but I believe before we can abandon country-based proportions we must first form a European public sphere and electorate. In light of this, it is the most democratic *common* control mechanism we have at this time. Perplexingly, we might first require a sufficiently strong EU parliament before people start to take it seriously and demand democratising reforms along the lines of your complaint. Everything else you mentioned would fall under "The devil is in the details", and again I agree. We would have to see how the EMF should be set-up in particular. It is perfectly possible to stay within Maastricht regulations and still invest in the economy at a grand scale. What you cannot do is throw money aimlessly at a problem and hope that settles it. Regarding perception, I believe this is why France, as a warm-up to Eurozone reform negotiations, has started to reduce its spending. The aim is to satisfy the Maastricht criteria, and show Germany and Germans that Eurozone reforms will not be a transfer of wealth but a means of investing in a common European economy.
Which might in fact become the desperate option in case EZ reform is blocked.
&gt; I see your point regarding the EU parliament, but I just dislike the fact that it is so unproportional. So it is to me, yet I'm afraid that some reforms only make sense if you have the right preconditions. In the future, we should absolutely strive towards a proportional EP similar to the Bundestag. Right now, it is impossible to have such a reform, but the only alternative would be to keep the EMF outside of citizens' control altogether. As an aside, "control" will not mean "full control". You will not have the EP dictating what the EMF does without the national governments having a say. As such, you could argue that maybe Germans' formal lack of voice in the EP will be made up by the German govt.'s stronger position in the EMF decision-chain. &gt;This is really just one issue I see with the entire EMF. Overall I get the feeling that this is basically all just disadvantageous for the german people. There just seems to be nothing in it for the germans. A veritable first advantage is that the EMF will do a lot to keep the EZ together and growing, and hence also the EU economy as a whole. From this, Germany profits immensely, maybe more so than others. In fact, it is akin to asking how a city wall profits a city - you might not even need it for immediate economic growth, but you sure want it in case the next attacker (financial crisis) hits. The alternative could very well be another Eurozone crisis, or worse. Secondly, investment schemes will most likely be aimed to profit not one nation alone but a region of nations at the very least. The difference to the structural fund is that the investments should be aimed to re-start a struggling economy, so will most likely be far more focused (and hence fewer, but bigger). In all reasonable areas, from green energy to heavy engineering, German companies play a central role. As investment opportunities in Germany are limited, this is a great way for German companies to get contracts.
Die Erderwärmung wird ebenso sicher verhinder, wie die Rente sicher ist. Das Gute: wer mit 63 an Überhitzung stirbt muss nicht bis 70 arbeiten! Das Traurige: die Verantwortlichen liegen alle bereits unter der Erde, bis es uns trifft.
Keine Plastiktaschen, kein Auto, *versuche* weniger Fleisch zu essen und falls doch dann kein Rind, bin bei keinem Ölkonzern angestellt, mein Strom ist 100% erneuerbar und ich heize elektrisch. Generell auch der Versuch, nicht so viel zu konsumieren. Was mich am ehesten ärgert ist, dass man innerhalb Europas kaum Züge benutzen kann um gut von A nach B zu fahren. Eigentlich braucht man immer ein Flugzeug, und das ist natürlich alles andere als umweltfreundlich. Hier wird zwar ausgebaut, aber mMn noch viel zu wenig.
Ich hatte angenommen, dass Fleisch problematisch für die Umwelt sei da die massenhafte Verbreitung und Haltung von Nutztieren problematisch sei. Käse erfordert selbiges, daher dachte ich, es sei ebenso problematisch.
Hehe, nee. Ich mag Käse nur so gerne, und könnte meine Position durchaus als "ABER DA IST KEIN KÄSE DRIN!!11" bezeichnen.
Ich finde es bereits hilfreich, sich nicht auf irgendeine eindimensionale "Die Muslime sind die Judenhasser, wir sind das nicht mehr vs. Aber auch Deutsche machen es"-Diskussion einzulassen. (Ja, ich weiß auch Muslime können Deutsche sein. Chill, Brudi.) Judenhass gibt es in der Gesellschaft, hat aber in unterschiedlichen Bevölkerungsgruppen unterschiedliche Gründe. Ich rede nicht von abstrakten Konzepten, sondern wer was wie finanziert und welches Narrativ warum propagiert. "Das Kind beim Namen zu nennen" wäre es daher meiner Ansicht nach - ich bin jedoch nicht der OP - endlich mal die geopolitische Seite der ganzen Misere zu betrachten. Genauso wie das 'neue' Rechtsaussen, mitsamt dem Judenhass, von den AfD-unterstützenden Spießbürger bis Russland finanziert wird gibt es ein Problem. Solange Saudi Arabien seinen Extremismus mit Milliarden an Petrodollar exportiert und die Bundesregierung den Mund hält gibt es ein Problem. Solange Israel die Gleichung "Jude = Israeli" aufstellt und sich freut wenn die Feinde Israels dasselbe tun gibt es ein Problem.
&gt;Finanzierung spielt sicherlich eine Rolle aber Antisemitismus nur auf die Frage der verfügbaren Geldmittel zurück zu führen ist auch nicht richtig. Will ich auch nicht. Ich möchte klarstellen, dass Antisemitismus gezielt verwendet wird, von mehreren unterschiedlichen Staaten/Organisationen mit einer Menge Geld um ihre jeweiligen Ideologien durchzudrücken. Wenn wir uns dem Irrtum hingeben, Antisemitismus sei eine Erscheinung die nun einmal in unserer Gesellschaft auftritt aber die man mit etwas Bildung "wegaufklären" kann übersieht man die massiven materiellen Aufwendungen von verschiedenen Akteuren, hier Ideologien zu verbreiten die Antisemitismus im Kern benutzen. Ebenso ist es falsch und gefährlich sich auf Deutschland zu beschränken. Das ist wie der Versuch eine Grippeepidemie zu heilen, ohne Betrachtung der globalen Zusammenhänge. Die Quellen des Antisemitismus in Deutschland sind nicht ausschließlich in Deutschland zu finden, und erst recht nicht nur hier finanziert. Das unsere Gesellschaft nährreicher Boden für diese Ideologien ist kann hier teilweise bekämpft werden, aber dadurch gewinnen wir nicht den Krieg. &gt;Es geht darum klar zu machen, dass Antisemitismus immer noch ein gesamtgesellschaftliches Problem ist. Dementsprechend gehe ich noch weiter. Das ganze Problem übersteigt die deutsche Gesellschaft. Da die wichtigen Akteure Iran/Saudi Arabien/Israel im MO zu finden sind, müssen wir mindestens von Europa + MENA + Russland sprechen.
Nicht verzagen, bis zum letztem Atemzug kämpfen. Vielleicht schaffen wir es noch durch andere Mittel zu überleben. Auch wenn unsere Welt untergeht, wir müssen nur genug Menschen zur anderen Seite durchbringen damit es danach weitergeht. Z.B. extremes Geoengineering, oder doch eine Mondkolonie. Wer weiß?
Aren't most prostitutes in Italy illegal immigrants, in particular Africans?
&gt; Ich würde sagen wir sind durchaus mitverantwortlich. Ich sehe meine Generation da nicht maßgeblich positiver als jene vor uns. Was genau haben "wir" denn für die Umwelt getan, dass wir weniger Schuld sind. Sehe ich nicht so. Warum? Weil Klimaschutz zwar auf individueller Ebene unterstützt werden kann, im großen allerdings auf Gesetzen und Wirtschaftslenkung basiert - und zwar im globalen, radikalen Stil. Wie schwerwiegend die Eingriffe sind, oder ob sogar alles mit privaten Konzernen stattfinden soll sei dahingestellt. Weiterhin entfaltet sich die Wirksamkeit dieser Gesetze erst nach einigen Jahren, stellenweise nach mehr als 10-20. Was hätte passieren müssen ist eine komplette Umwandlung unseres Wirtschaftssystems, bereits vor Jahrzehnten angesetzt. Der Unterschied dürfte wohlmöglich ebenso oder dramatischer ausfallen als der Unterschied zwischen Feudal- und Industriegesellschaft. Die Veränderung der individuellen Konsumentscheidung spielt lediglich darauf Teile zu ändern, kann jedoch niemals am Kern des ganzen kratzen. Man müsste massenhaft aufhören in der modernen Gesellschaft zu leben damit das funktioniert. Wer nun Mitte 20 ist, der hätte also als Kleinkind die politischen Entscheidungen im Land, bzw. das globale Wirtschaftssystem radikal beeinflussen müssen. Wir sind auf einem Schiff das einer Klippe entgegenfährt, und werden in 10-20 Jahren vielleicht mal am Ruder sitzen. Bis dahin ist das Schiff bis kurz vor die Klippe gefahren, und dann fragt man uns freundlich alles noch zu schaukeln. Das wird natürlich nicht passieren. Unsere Generation wird es sein, die das Kentern zu managen hat, in der Hoffnung noch genügend Leute in genügend Rettungsschiffe bringen zu können.
TFW even Norway is on your negotiating team. What's next, Switzerland telling Britain the four freedoms are indivisible?
Sag ich nichts gegen.
Und ich erzähl auch überall rum, wo manche meiner Urgroßeltern herkommen. Bin dennoch weder Italiener noch Franzose oder tu so als ob ich's wäre, obwohl mein Französisch sogar brauchbar ist und ich zwangs Hobby oft Barockstücke singe (die wurden meistens auf Italienisch geschrieben, egal von wem und woher. Sowas wie Englisch und Popmusik heutzutage.)
Ich wollte nur mein Beileid bzgl. der Witze hier aussprechen. Sowas geht ungarnicht.
Wie jeder weiß, zogen vor allem gut situierte, wohlhabende Familien mit Adelsverbindungen in die anti-royalistische Kolonie am Arsch der Welt um all ihr Hab und Gut zu verlieren und als Gleichgestellte neu anfangen zu dürfen!
Und, wie schmeckt Nazimuschi jetzt?
I don't get why it's on loan only. It's important for Lithuania, why can't we spare it?
I see, thank you.
&gt;The United States is a democracy. A "republic" is a type of democratic system. A "direct democracy" is not synonymous with "democratic governance." I saw this and had to respond. Not because I am going to argue any point, but to hint at something a political scientist might look into. If not for yourself, maybe for a colleague. I'm a European federalist and often discuss my position with people IRL and /r/europe. A common criticism is that the EU is undemocratic. Whatever the merits or faults of that position, during my conversation with people most of the time the criticism "The EU is undemocratic" morphs into "The EU is not a direct democracy/the majority does not get to dictate its policies". In my own experience, the idea that (extreme) direct democracy presents the only valid type of democratic governance is something I did not encounter up until a few years ago. Somehow, somewhere that trope spread - and not only in the US. I am careful to point fingers, but the demographic commonly presenting me with the above view is deeply embedded within a circle of ideas pushed by Russian misinformation. One idea alone I would ignore, but they always tend to come in certain packages and pre-set views on particular political issues: international governance &amp; institutions/EU/NATO/Migration/Brexit/Crimea/Catalonia/"Mainstream politics". I would best summarise them as a distinct disdain for rule-based governance and policy formation, with the implicit criticism that the system behind forming those rules is corrupt/always be corrupt and hence the only valid political power must spring from the people without any corrupting layers in-between.
Aber meine Pfirsiche!
Ich frage mich, wann Selbsterkenntnis eintritt und das Land sich eine neue Verfassung gibt.
&gt;[...] als wäre er von einem kantigen Zehntalterigem geschrieben worden. Kennt deutsches Recht nicht sogar etwas, dass man umgangsprachlich als "mentales Alter" bezeichnen könnte?
&gt;State Police klingt natürlich gleich viel furchteinflößender. Hier die offizielle Losung der *Frankfurter Flughafenstatepolice*. --- &gt;**Frankfurter Flugehafenstatepolice - Motivational Hymn:** 1) &gt;Wir marschieren seit 5 Uhr heut' morgen, &gt;Mallorca darf sich wieder sorgen, &gt;den "Bund" haben wir abgelegt, &gt;das Alte wird nun weggefegt! 2) &gt;Habt ihr zuviel Kosmetik in Taschen? &gt;Wir nehmen euch alles ihr Flaschen! &gt;Und ist auch nur ein Ohr im Papier, &gt;gibt's für euch kein Pretzel &amp; Beer. 3) &gt;Drum zittert ihr niederen Knechte, &gt;nur wir haben hier jetzt noch Rechte, &gt;beim Leder schreist du vielleicht "Gross!", &gt;doch auch das ist hier künftig Boss.
&gt; Schleswig-Holstein würde Fanta-Korn mitbringen und den ganzen Abend nur über Forst und Milchpreise reden. Kenne ein paar Personen daher. Trifft erstaunlich genau zu.
Für sowas hat der Mann von Welt Alkohol &amp; einen Gagball bereit.
Ich auch so .. hä, watt?
Dein Deutsch ist klasse, leider spricht das in der Schweiz niemand.
&gt;2.) Als weiße Frau nirgendwo unterdrückt wird. Ich ~~zitiere~~ zittere wortwörtlich.
I feel I should add to the discussion.
He's merely opting to opt out of an /s.
No vote yet.
Ich empfehle Duolingo. Ist gar nicht mal so schlecht.
Nee, is für mich gemeint.
&gt; 4.) EU - Staaten die dagegen sind bekommen ein Finanzierungsproblem ... Ich lachte laut.
Ich hab sogar etwas besseres als eine Idee - ich habe einen Bundestag mit Internetpräsenz! [Bitte sehr](http://dip21.bundestag.de/dip21/btd/19/004/1900440.pdf).
Eher händereibend. Ich bin schließlich ein fieser Globalist mit Hakennase.
Warum? Die Basis kann immernoch einen Koalitionsvertrag abweisen. Das Votum heute gibt der SPD nur die Möglichkeit, zu verhandeln - nicht zu regieren. Dahingehend hat die laute Kritik am Sondierungspapier wohlmöglich der SPD sogar eine stärkere Verhandlungsposition geliefert. Die CSU kann spinnen wie sie will, die CDU weiß, dass es ohne Zustimmung der SPD Basis keine GroKo geben wird.
Lekker!
&gt;In meiner spekulativen Lesart der Ereignisse spielt die SPD-Führung der Union nichts zu, sondern lässt sich von ihr beim Überzeugen der eigenen Basis helfen. Also hat die SPD Führung die Motivation, eine Regierung zu stellen. Warum will die SPD Führung eine weitere GroKo, wenn es offensichtlich der SPD schadet?
The criticism that Italy's economy *as a whole* has structural problems is not unwarranted. While this ignores stark regional differences, Italy's growth rate has indeed been lacking since before the 1990s compared to the other big economies UK/France/Germany. However, it hardly has anything to do with people stopping for a coffee. That, quite rightfully, is ridiculous and should be ridiculed as such. If one had to point at a singular cause, it obviously would be the Italian obsession with inefficient [red tri-wheeled transporters](https://worldismycuttlefish.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/italy-june-2011-089.jpg) tumbling into Fabricio's fruit stand or yet another ancient monument to lost Roman glory every single time you attempt to turn a corner. As anyone who ever visited an Italian city knows, there are *a lot* of corners and Fabricios. Economist estimate this alone shaves 0.7% of yearly real GDP growth off the Italian economy. Personally, I would advise the new Italian government to immediately seek ESM funds to restructure and diversify their fruit vendor name-base, and upgrade their logistic fleet to a robust four-wheeled standard within the next 2-3 years.
Schäkeln ist gut, Schekel sind besser!
Eben. Außerdem kann die SPD sagen, sie habe es versucht. Der gemeinsame Faktor in beiden Koalitiontsverhandlungen war CDU/CSU. Beide mal verkackt. Tja.
Im Prinzip schon, aber so wie die CDU/CSU sich aufführt wird es keine GroKo geben. Kann die SPD auch nichts für, wenn die anderen nicht raffen, dass die Parteibasis zufrieden gestellt werden muss.
&gt;Hab gestern noch ein phoenix Interview mit einer Politikwissenschaftlerin, zur Situation der SPD gesehen, die gesantwortet hat, dass die innerparteilichen Konflikte der SPD Druck auf die CDU ausüben und diese mehr Zugeständnisse machen muss, damit die GroKo nicht an der Parteibasis scheitert. Grundsätzlich würde man das erwarten. Dann wiederrum hast du die CSU, und deren Interesse ist gerade der Wahlkampf in Bayern ...
But we are! Just look at our hair.
Bei allem SPD-Bashing, auch mit 15% kann man die Partei noch wiederbeleben. Ich habe mich nur tangential mit dem ganzen beschäftigt, aber bei den JuSos scheint es doch Willen und Konzepte dafür zu geben. Man muss sich aber auch in den Kopf rufen, dass gegenwärtig die deutsche Gesellschaft keine große Konsensgesellschaft ist. Mir ist es daher lieber, wenn es mehrere Parteien gibt die in den 15-25% liegen und die Meinungen korrekt wiedergeben, als amerikanische Verhältnisse. Man wird halt anfangen müssen, damit umgehen zu können.
My gf tells me the most badass person in the picture is the old man next to the president.
I hope so too! Upon asking in another thread as to why we didn't just give it away, I was told that we have laws against this. However, we might "loan it indefinitely" after the current period expires.
&gt; persönliche Fitnesstrainerin einstellen &gt;den ganzen Tag auf Lases und dem Vierkanal lauern Brudi. :/
&gt;Natürlich, aber im Endeffekt forderst du halt von der CDU/CSU, dass sie sich selbst schadet, um eine politischen Gegner zu helfen. Nein. Ich fordere das die CDU/CSU, unter der Annahme *jetzt* eine Regierung bilden zu wollen wie Merkel das immer behauptet, realisiert, dass es eine Regierung ohne der Zustimmung der SPD Basis nicht geben wird. Das ist keine hohe Philosophie, dass ist jetzt ganz pragmatisch so. Die Mitglieder werden abstimmen und mit sehr hoher Wahrscheinlichkeit geht das ohne ein paar Konzessionen schief. Wenn die CDU/CSU hinter Merkels Behauptungen steht wird das mit einbezogen werden müssen. Falls sie es nicht wollen ist es ihnen eben doch nicht so ernst mit dem "Jetzt". Die CDU/CSU muss sich an ihrem eigenen Wunsch, ohne Neuwahlen eine Regierung bilden zu wollen messen. Das sie deshalb Konzessionen an die SPD abtreten muss ist nur eine Konsequenz die sich ergeben hat.
Schon, aber ich fahre nicht *nach* Köln ich muss *durch* Köln.
&gt;Es ist doch nicht Aufgabe der Union Ergebnisse zu erzeugen, die die SPD-Führung ihrer Basis verkaufen kann. Wenn sie ohne Neuwahlen oder Minderheitenregierung regieren wollen eben doch. Genau das ist gerade die gemeinsame Aufgabe. Wie gesagt, alles hängt davon ab ob man sich darauf festbeißt ohne Neuwahlen regieren zu wollen. Wenn man sowohl Merkels "Keine Neuwahlen" und "Keine Minderheitenregierung" wieder vergisst es ist natürlich eine andere Sache.
Nein, aber ich glaube es war mal ein Dorf was irgendwann von der umgebenden Stadt vereinnahmt wurde.
Why would I care if I was as long as she sleeps with me? I bet the guard would be a great friend to go hunting with too. No need to drag him into a relationship conflict.
Ich benutze den regelmässig Freitag und Montag. Freitag ist 30min Verspätung recht normal, Montag meistens nur 15min. Außer natürlich an Karnevalstagen, da steht der Zug auch mal eine Stunde weil Leute die Türen aufhalten.
&gt; BEHÖRDE Oh Gott, erbarmen.
Du bon pain blanc, ouais. Pour [vous, mes amis.](https://np.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/7ry7ce/why_does_it_cost_32093_just_to_give_birth_in/dt0yfta/)
Let me introduce you to [a beautiful French concept](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M%C3%A9nage_%C3%A0_trois).
[Tout de suite.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e7/Steuben_-_Bataille_de_Poitiers.png/1280px-Steuben_-_Bataille_de_Poitiers.png)
On the other hand, the first train of thought gives you a technologically advanced society, including weapons, while the second needs you to import said technology. This can go well for countries with natural resources such as Saudi Arabia. As soon as that easy source of money dries up however, you're fucked.
Le fin.
&gt;The Nazi is immunized against all dangers: one may call him a scoundrel, parasite, swindler, profiteer, it all runs off him like water off a raincoat. But call him a Nazi and you will be astonished at how he recoils, how injured he is, how he suddenly shrinks back: “I’ve been found out.”
Nee, det war französisch für "Die Flosse". Das spielt man immer am Ende von kulturellen Filmen.
Was, kein 16 Std. Wagner Epos? **DEGENERIERT.**
A very pragmatic question: can start-ups pay their employees wages to rent and live in Paris? If not, how will these start-ups find employees?
Mal ehrlich: diese verfickt elitären Trinkhipster gehen mir vollkommen auf den Sack. "Schau her!", schreit ihr Minimalist Lifestyle, "Ich brauch nichtmal ein Zelt". Als ob die was besseres wären. Und dann reden die immer in ihrer gelallten Szenensprache, normales Deutsch nimmer gut genug für die feinen Herren oder was? Früher hatten wir noch Kegelvereine, jetzt sucht sich jeder Volldepp seine Hipsterszene. Edit: Oh, und der 'modische' 2nd Hand look. C&amp;A zu billig oder wie?
Woll'n wa zusamm reiten?
Danke! Kommt drauf an: welche Sauce?
&gt;Geheimnisse, die man ins Internet schreibt, sind keine. *Beispieltemplate No. 3411.* Hallo Reddit, Wegwerfacc. aus offensichtlichen Gründen. Ich bin [erste identifizierende Merkmale], die in [weitere identifizierende Merkmale] und [jetzt kannse schon gedoxxst werden]. Mein Problem: [extrem spezifisches Beziehungsproblem womit man durch Facebook-Rasterfahndung wahrscheinlich schon nah dran kommt] und jetzt wollt ich wissen - hab ich Krebs?
Ja, aber wehe du furzt rein.
Ein weiterer Tag wo ich eine EU Föderation mit geeinter Aussenpolitik vermisse.
Weswegen ich eine EU Föderation will. Auf Augenhöhe mit China zu verhandeln zu können geht nur zusammen. Hat auch den Vorteil, dass wir uns nicht mehr von den USA abhängig machen müssen.
I would assume so too, but my point stands: why would an *internet* start-up decide to settle in Paris if the living costs are crushing for the employees? I am not claiming they are, but as internet start-ups in particular are less restricted by geography, there are plenty of other European cities which seems cheaper while still being sufficiently capable of holding enterpreneurs. The only 'real' reason I could think of is a situation where everyone goes to Paris because everyone goes to Paris. That however requires the process to start at some point, and in this case Paris cannot just pull off the same shenanigans it did within France itself.
GET VON NOTRE LAWN, KURWA.
Der absolute Mettmann.
*Holt eine Landkarte raus.* Deshalb.
Ah, thank you - that's what I was missing. I was comparing Paris to London, but you're right of course. The friends I know also lived in those suburbs, and they made an average salary too. I figure the famous Paris metro (or rather its extension which is underway) should connect all of them to Paris proper as well.
Meta Antwort: nach /r/de ist das Mittelmeer ein Teil des Atlantiks. Griechenland ist schließlich auch in der NATO. Richtige Antwort: Das Atlantik in NATO ist vollkommen irrelevant, außer für die Schönheit des Akronyms. Was wichtig ist, dass die Türkei geographisch-strategisch gesehen absolute Bestlage ist. Nicht damit es den Leuten dort oder in der Umgebung gut geht, aber um die Umgebung zu kontrollieren. Zum einen kann man das schwarze Meer mit völliger Leichtigkeit blockieren. Damit &amp; Gibraltar müsste man durch Suez um im Mittelmeer aktiv zu werden. Im Kriegsfall ein absolut untragbarer Weg für z.B. Russland, aber auch so stark Einschränkend für deren Operationen da sie gleich 2-mal durch NATO kontrolliertes Gebiet durchmüssen. Zum anderen sticht die Osttürkei wie ein Dolch in gleich drei wichtige geographische Gebiete - einmal der Kaukasus, einmal Iran, einmal in den Levant. Diese Gebiete sind unheimlich relevant nicht nur wegen des Öls, sondern auch weil dort seit dem 19ten Jhd. Stellvertreterkonflikte zwischen den jeweiligen Mächten der Welt ausgetragen werden. Allen voran natürlich wieder Russland, wobei Russland selbst durch den Kaukasus angreifbar wird. Wenn ich also NATO General bin und mir überlege wie ich militärische Macht in der Region projezieren soll - d.h. ganz praktisch, was schlussendlich Bedeutet, dass ich Material, Truppen und Güter von A nach B bringen muss - so ist die Türkei die perfekte Autobahn in gleich 3 Gegenden die ich kontrollieren möchte, und dazu noch 1 von 2 Teilen um das Mittelmeer komplett zu kontrollieren und Russland jegliche Marineaktivität außerhalb des Pazifiks zu untersagen (Baltikum kann auch schnell geschlossen werden).
Auch, aber ich empfehle Europa Universalis/Victoria/Hearts of Iron.
Victoria vielleicht, HOI niemals. Stellaris könnte noch was sein.
Thanks!
Yes, I agree. I'm still mad they overwrote Archimedes tho. :P
Doch, da unser Handeln mit China nicht bei Handelsverträgen aufhört. Schau dir z.B. an wie China bereits durch "Infrasfrukturförderung" in Osteuropa Gesetze in der EU beeinflusst. Wir haben ohne gemeinsamen Standpunkt auch kaum Chance, die selben Rechte im chinesischen Markt zu haben wie China hier. Das führt dann unter anderem dazu, dass deutsche Unternehmen mit strategischer Bedeutung aufgekauft werden und wir unser R&amp;D nach China liefern, während auf EU Ebene gemeinsame Gesetze dagegen von den China-Profiteuren geblockt werden.
Und meine Ideologie ist .. ? Ich denke, du hast rein garkeine Ahnung warum ich eine EF unterstütze. Edit: Jup, keine Antwort aber Downvote. Wie ich mir dachte.
Sobald im nächsten Update das Kriegssystem etwas spannender werden soll schau ich es mir auch nochmal an.
&gt;Once this legislative initiative has been approved by the full House, **it will be put to the European Council (EU Heads of state or governments) for a unanimous decision**, and then returned to Parliament for a final yes/no vote. The plenary vote is scheduled for the February session in Strasbourg. At least we get one more example of the Council's hypocrisy for when individual nations cry about the democratic deficit.
Hab's ausgeschaltet, war mir zu viel Hetze.
Sach ma wie's lief, ich dachte ich kann bei -8/9 gar nicht mehr lasern. Mittlerweile sollte mein Augenwachstum zu Ende sein, könnte ich also auch mal in Angriff nehmen.
I'll give it a shot: to begin with, in my country the govt. can decide to conscript men but not women. Conscription is only suspended since ~2010. For me, this meant I entered the workforce a year late and lost out on average life earnings. In addition, several of our states prohibit men from entering certain government positions ("Gleichstellungsbeauftragte") even though they deal with men and womens' issues. I'd be interested to see a statistic on German family court rulings as well. The usual positive discrimination exists too, naturally.
[Junge, Junge.](http://1.1.1.4/bmi/www.dr-karl-schuhmann.de/verbrennungszentren-d.jpg)
If it happens in a regional express in Germany, thank the Deutsche Bahn for their shit interior design. There is no way a tall person can sit on the inner seat without bashing their knee against the trash-bin the entirety of the ride. Dutch trains are better.
Don't worry, we're still building good stuff - we can sell it, after all! You're still a pacifist if somebody else kills with your weapons.
Ist es nicht illegal, Personen ohne deren Erlaubnis zu photographieren?
Vor allem welche, mit strategischen Technologien.
Was sind rechtlich gesehen Twitter Posts von einem Journalisten? Finde das schon öffentlich.
Err .. LEVAE!
Der Gewinner bei alledem? Airbus.
They learned the hard way.
Because plenty of commerce is regulated on an EU level, which would include laws concerning take-overs. If Germany just adopted its own laws, it might infringe on other EU members' rights to conduct free business in Germany.
Noble, but it will be blocked by those countries already receiving heavy investment from China. The latest attempt was already watered down this way. Or, to paraphrase Orban, we must protect European civilisation but if you cannot give us more money dear EU we'll turn to China!
Adding to this, how well-trained is a Turkish tank crew? A modern military tool does not only come with instructions on how to use it, but when and under what circumstances to do so, together with what other tools, how to maintain it properly, etc. It's a whole philosophy. Edit: They used them as artillery without infantry support. I rest my case.
Member state whose votes are influenced by China are, however.
It is wise to pursue a multispeed Europe under these circumstances as well.
But does he accept that Greeks Invented Everything?
&gt;That's why even Arab Muslims drink even after prayers (especially myself). See, this is why Catholicism is superior. We drink *during* prayer.
Ah yes, the age old racist, xeno- and islamophobic desire for safety.
But do they use gold-plated cups made of mammoth ivory?
Gab ein großes Freiluftlabor ...
&gt; What have the Greek ever done for us? Interest payment!
You can always join [certain ambitious PESCO initivatives](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EUFOR_Crisis_Response_Operation_Core). Just sayin'. Congratulations to Niinistö, from his English interviews he seemed like a good choice. IIRC he was sceptical towards NATO but in favour of stronger EU co-operation on defense. Edit: [Here](https://www.euractiv.com/section/defence-policy/interview/niinisto-what-is-a-union-that-cannot-provide-security-for-its-citizens/) is the article I was thinking about. His quote: &gt;**What is Finland’s position concerning the plans of the French President Emmanuel Macron, who wants to deepen European integration?** &gt;When it comes to security and defense policy, we support it in its entirety. I think Poland has a similar stance. I also spoke with [Polish] President Andrzej Duda and he was very interested in security issues, especially in the Baltic Sea region. What is a union that cannot provide security for its citizens? This is a crucial issue.
Geometry! (Euclidian, that is.)
Let's put grand phrases or mottos aside. I disagree that you cannot have a capable federation that is linguistically and culturally diverse. The 'only' thing we need is a political system, accepted by a vast majority of Europeans, capable of forming common positions and acting on them. This is certainly possible even with huge internal differences between member states. However, it does require convergence - or unity, if you will - in matters of high politics. I believe this can be achieved, and we are seeing this progress happening at this very time. In fact, the EU played a great role in changing the national interests so that high politics are naturally aligned, e.g. Germany and France seeing themselves as natural allies instead of natural rivals. Nevertheless, it will require some more pain in the form of external shocks for people to truly feel that there is a need for a united Europe. Both China and the US have ceased their quiet approach for some time now. This will help.
I agree. I believe the correct course of action would be to pursue identities which synthesise (one or more) national and 'Europeanness', in order to make use of the strong national identities as building blocks of a European one. &gt;People won't unite until suffering brings them together and forces them to recognise each other as fellow humans, or at least fellow Euros rather than Czech vs German, Brit vs French, etc. It was the same with Germans, or Swiss. Human nature, I'm afraid.
Got any sources on the two-tonguedness, or are you making this up? I'm in favour of this new EU law, but I haven't once commented on Trump doing the same in the US. In fact, I would rather see the US as reasonable when it comes to protection of strategic industries.
Upon asking for sources, you can only link to the entire forum. *Are* you making it up?
&gt;**Notably, both studies found populations who urgently want to be European, not "multicultural."** That's a big difference: As historian Rita Chin observes in her book The Crisis of Multiculturalism in Europe, multiculturalism has largely been opposed by Europe's minorities because of its "surprisingly undemocratic effects" – they've seen it as a barrier to integration; as a result, she writes, we now see "former colonials, guest workers, refugees and their descendants … woven into virtually every aspect of European public life." Interesting, they argue just as I - a 'native' - would. I want them to become mostly like us, which sets-off the problem of social incohesion as well.
Still no sources.
Bin Atheist aus katholischer Familie mit hebräischem Vornamen. Da keiner meiner Vorfahren in Dland ins KZ gekommen ist bin ich wohl nicht von jüdischer Abstammung. Ab sofort verlange ich dennoch Eintritt in die Schekelgemeinschaft!
Sehr gut! Wir müssten schauen wie welches Bundesland es macht, und das alles noch mehr fördern.
Jup, vermutlich irgendwelche Nicht-Linke die die GroKo scheitern sehen wollen.
Sicher. Das ist genau die Art von Aktion die sich kantige Leute im Internet ausdenken.
&gt;IMO it's gullible to believe it won't. It never happened during any other immigration wave, the SPD will not be the major party in any ruling coalition for the next 1-2 legislative periods at least, the CDU still opposes dual nationality for non-EU citizens and it is unconstitutional to vote in federal elections without being a German citizen. It won't happen here, unless you magically conjure up a 2/3 majority to change our Basic Law.
As long as there is an upper limit, the SPD won't be able to sell this to their electorate. Not that I expected an upper limit - even an ineffectual one - to be revised. The CSU needs it too much for its own campaign.
Innovationsstandort Deutschland!
Macron muss Mutti zügeln. Die machen das schon.
Let's engage in the daily "Is Germany Nazi again?"-Test. . . . Are you ready? Here we go! I disagree with my (the German) government's actions at the height of the migrant crisis, EU migrant quotas, and our general migration policy ignoring needs of other member states. Furthermore, I want a EU-level, restrictive and point-based immigration policy which aims to safeguard refugees outside of the EU's territory as much as possible. Incidentally, I have been supporting the above for years, both IRL and on the internet. Somehow I manage to avoid the Rainbow-Gestapo at each and every turn. Maybe I should just adovcate genocide and get 10%+ in a federal election.
The Sondierungspapier's stated 180k-220k (IIRC) maximum amount of refugees per year. It appeared to me that GroKo's opponents within the SPD were pointing to this as one of their main criticisms.
Call it that, then. The impression I had at the Sonderparteitag was that the Jusos viewed any aim as highly problematic already. Of course, this does not imply that SPD members agree to this. From a polemic point of view, one can attack the SPD's broken promise of "No upper limit!" with an aim of 180k-220k as well.
Natürlich, sowas geht auch nur an der PC Hochburg. Wunderbar.
Die Englischlehrer schon.
Diesmal aber für die Briten.
You could put a huge (artificial) cone of ice in front of the ship as a shield. /u/MomoTheFarmer, maybe inspiration for some later time/different species?
Deshalb ja - wenn man irgendeine Religion partout als Opfer und frei von Kritik hochchstilisiert kann man auch die Fundamentalisten nicht mehr angreifen, aus Sorge es könne irgendwie alle betreffen. Im VK haben sich auch an manchen Unis die "Feministinnen" mit den Islamisten gegen eine atheistische Kommunistin verbündet. Musste erstmal drauf kommen!
Ich hatte gehofft das der kommt, anders als die Informatiker.
Oh dear, sorry about that.
Will Tria be representing Italy in the Eurogroup? If yes, what's his stance on Eurozone reform?
Geschlafen wie ein Baby - ich liebe Stürme!
They're cute.
Man muss sich eben eins von zwei Dingen aussuchen: entweder man entwickelt seine eigenen strategischen Kapazitäten und bezahlt dafür wohl möglich mehr (bzw. entwickelt um), oder man akzeptiert den Verlust solcher Kapazitäten um (kurzfristig) günstigere Preise zu haben. Letzteres ist der einfachere Weg, und bei den Budgetbehinderungen in Sachen Militär oberflächlich attraktiv. Das Problem dabei ist jedoch, dass man sich strategisch auf mittlere Sicht von einem Drittstaat abhängig macht. Das kann gut gehen, oder eben auch nicht - je nachdem wie Amerika wählt. Wir werden jedoch nichts entscheiden können. In Zeiten wie diesen kann es am Ende weitaus teurer werden als von Anfang an unabhängig gewesen zu sein, sei es weil sich die USA entscheidet ihre Monopolstellung auszunutzen oder weil man aufgrund Abhängigkeiten im Sicherheitsbereich negative Konsequenzen der US-Politik einfach schlucken muss. CIA Blacksites, NSA Affäre ohne Konsequenzen, Interventionen im mittleren Osten wo wir die Flüchtlinge aufnehmen und die USA fast niemanden ...
[Na denn!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2flpdqGfAsw)
[Fuck off.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2flpdqGfAsw)
False: Texas is the Bavaria of the US!
*Sehnsucht*. Rechts holt sich den Hass, Links die Melancholie. Emotiokratie, Kinners. =D
We sure regret them stealing it, too.
Is this our daily "architecture died in the 2nd half of the 20th century" post? I approve.
You already have, and you will continue to. The EU consensus is to be strict on migration; it's pissing into the wind denying this.
You just made an enemy for *life*!
So are all other founding members. What's the point?
This *Deus Vulted* quickly.
Ha. Ha.
1. Form the European Federation. 2. Elect a Spanish President. 3. Supercarrier groups *Pizzaro* and *Cortés* are established. 4. ??? 5. New Spanish Empire formed. Don't think we're not onto you!
Lets wait another year and see how much progress we made/haven't made on Eurozone reform, implementation of PESCO/France's interventionist force, controlling migration.
I wish my govt. were just an iota as competent as ppl. like yourself tell me they are.
Ach verdammt, deiner auch.
Why is everybody overlooking the possibility of a Shadowrun grand strategy game? Don't tell me you never wanted to play as a Dragon. A CK-style game mechanic is perfect for this. If you are *really* brave (or stupid) you can try and add a TW-inspired "battle mode" below the strategic map for essential runs.
No, he's just Belgian. I do have to admit however, he would make a remarkable Englishman as well.
Here's what I wrote to all German MEPs, using SaveYourInternet. I found their original E-Mails to wallow between weak and whiney. --- Title: Gegen Artikel 11. und 13. Sehr geehrte Damen und Herren, am 20. Juni wird der Rechtsausschuss des Europäischen Parlaments über ein Gesetz zur Internetzensur abstimmen. Viele europäische Bürger, unter anderem ich selbst, sehen darin einen dramatischen und unbegründeten Einschnitt in die kreative, wissenschaftliche und ökonomische Freiheit des Einzelnen. Insbesondere sehen wir Artikel 11. und 13. als unvereinbar mit dem europäischen Verständnis der Freiheit an. Wir bitten Sie daher Ihre Position als Mitglied des Europäischen Parlaments zu verwenden, um am 20. Juni eine Ablehnung zu erwirken. Des Weiteren sollten Sie Verständnis dafür aufbringen können, dass die Europäische Union gerade jetzt von einer positiven Aussendarstellung profitiert. Dies ist unter jungen Bürgern gerade dann der Fall, wenn Maßnahmen zum Schutze des Internets und der Bürgerrechte unternommen werden, z.B. die DSGVO. Sollte der Rechtsausschuss am 20. Juni dem Gesetz zustimmen wird die Europäische Union dagegen abermals als Gegner des europäischen Bürgerwillens angesehen - diesmal zu Recht. Mit diesen Methoden untergraben Sie Ihren Rückhalt selbst unter den stärksten Verfechtern Europas in der jungen Generation. Mit freundlichen Grüßen, [Name] Quellen: https://www.create.ac.uk/policy-responses/eu-copyright-reform/ https://www.liberties.eu/en/news/delete-article-thirteen-open-letter/13194 https://sparceurope.org/copyrightreform/ --- DeepL Translation (with slight changes by myself): To whom it may concern, the European Parliament's Committee on Legal Affairs will vote on a law on Internet censorship on June 20th. Many European citizens, including myself, see this as a dramatic and unfounded blow to the creative, scientific and economic freedom of the individual. In particular, we regard Articles 11 and 13 as incompatible with the European understanding of freedom. We therefore ask you to use your position as a Member of the European Parliament to reject the proposal come June 20th. Furthermore, you should understand that the European Union is benefiting from a positive external image right now. This is especially the case among young citizens whenever measures are taken to protect the Internet and civil rights, e.g. the GDPR. If the Committee on Legal Affairs approves the law on 20 June however, the European Union will once again be seen as an opponent of the European citizenry's will - and rightly so. These methods undermine your support even among Europe's strongest supporters in the younger generation.
Thank you. I used your links in my E-Mails to the MEPs, can't harm to have some expert back-up.
Quite obviously, it was because imperialist Europeans wanted to ensure the free passage of their slave ships and rip off Burkas for fun.
*The usefulness of visual methods in forming a political narrative, 2nd edition.*
It originally sounded like my satirical imitation of how a British imperialist would talk to his brown subjects upon explaining the world to them. They even add baby language to their condescending tone. Truly, it's the American man's burden to educate the savages of this world.
Noch lachst du, aber wenn der Stellator erstmal richtig angeht &amp; abgeht, wir unendlich viel Energie haben - wer lacht *dann*?! Schachmatt, Katholiken.
Especially because they do allow for all opinions.
&gt;Instead they attribute the changes in IQ scores over time (both positive and negative) to changing environmental factors within families *So I can at least still blame feminism and the destruction of the core family?* /s
&gt;Over recent months, Berlin has been the main proponent of a peace deal with the U.S. president, much to the chagrin of France and the European Commission, which have been calling for a tough response to Washington’s tariff threats. &gt;In part, Germany’s fears about a trade war spilling over into its talismanic car sector have inspired Berlin’s conciliatory stance toward Trump. But this push for détente also has deep historical foundations. Chancellor Angela Merkel and her Economy Minister Peter Altmaier hail from the transatlanticist wing of the Christian Democrats that views the relationship with Washington as the basis of the nation’s geopolitical identity. &gt;**It is, therefore, a seismic political shift when even Merkel and Altmaier accept that the EU will have to close ranks and hit back hard against Trump, as the French insisted from the outset.** Realizing that high new car tariffs are in the cards, even the German peaceniks are signalling that it’s time to retaliate.
&gt;Over recent months, Berlin has been the main proponent of a peace deal with the U.S. president, much to the chagrin of France and the European Commission, which have been calling for a tough response to Washington’s tariff threats. &gt;In part, Germany’s fears about a trade war spilling over into its talismanic car sector have inspired Berlin’s conciliatory stance toward Trump. But this push for détente also has deep historical foundations. Chancellor Angela Merkel and her Economy Minister Peter Altmaier hail from the transatlanticist wing of the Christian Democrats that views the relationship with Washington as the basis of the nation’s geopolitical identity. &gt;**It is, therefore, a seismic political shift when even Merkel and Altmaier accept that the EU will have to close ranks and hit back hard against Trump, as the French insisted from the outset.** Realizing that high new car tariffs are in the cards, even the German peaceniks are signalling that it’s time to retaliate.
Yes, that sounds perfect.
Liberal nationalism *is* an enlightenment idea.
Oh, don't fucking remind me. Now I have no hope for 2021 again.
NSII is a mistake, I agree. However, the development I pointed out happened within the past week. The break has been coming for some time, but it was finalised only at the G7. NSII is far older than that, and a readjustment of German policies will take place over years, not within a few days. As an aside, the CDU/CSU isn't entirely on board with NSII either - it's the old guard of the SPD which is.
Best part of the entire article is its header imagine. *M'regulation.*
.. of brandy.
Oi m8, I 'eard you were 'aving a giggle. Better show me your laffin' license, subject!
𝕬𝖇 𝖘𝖔𝖋𝖔𝖗𝖙 𝖜𝖎𝖗𝖉 𝖆𝖚𝖋 /𝖑/𝖜𝖊𝖑𝖙𝖓𝖊𝖚𝖎𝖌𝖐𝖊𝖎𝖙𝖊𝖓 𝖓𝖚𝖗 𝖓𝖔𝖈𝖍 𝖘𝖔 𝖌𝖊𝖘𝖈𝖍𝖗𝖎𝖊𝖇𝖊𝖓.
Is Conte still in Berlin? As this was posted yesterday, it is interesting in any case. Obviously, migration would have been a hot topic. Aside from this however, Macron and Merkel are supposed to put their signature under a Eurozone reform compromise between France and Germany today. As the Netherlands and Italy are the two main countries to convince later on, with Italy still being the more agreeable of the two, it would make sense to obtain Italy's support before the announcement today. Conte also talked with Macron about the Eurozone last week, which fits into this. Edit: German media is reporting talks regarding a) migration and b) youth unemployment. Nothing about the Eurozone for now. We will most likely see what happens once France and Germany step forward today.
&gt; That was comical and weird. And necessary. Not everything that is traditional is useless; often, such traditions exist for a reason. In this case, it is a 'standard greeting form' which allows states to prevent any (real or perceived) insult. Of course this greeting form is somewhat arbitrary, but that is not the point. The point is that *some* standard diplomatic greeting exists. It could be with pink hats and blow-up giraffes, it would still serve the same purpose if people accepted it the same way. You *do* have to greet people somehow. By standardising the procedure, everyone involves knows what to expect and what to do. This way, you normalise it and nobody can be upset about anything in particular as long as you keep to the formula - entirely independent of culture! This makes it easier to move through to the actual relevant diplomacy without risking a diplomatic incident every time you greet some foreign dignitaries.
The form itself is irrelevant to its usefulness. What makes it useful is that an agreed form exists. For historical reasons, this form happens to be 19th century style. We have plenty of formalised social interactions in interpersonal life which are useful for the same reason, but are also ancient. This analogy goes further than human interaction as well. We are using lots of "ancient" protocols to communicate digitally, which nobody would write the way they are written if we would start from scratch again today. But we do not, because you cannot just replace all the forms in an already working system.
Naturally, a federation of states united in a common purpose is an impossibility and will surely be crushed forthwith by George IV!
&gt; European leaders want to set their own agenda apart from American policy **WHY WON'T YOU STAY OUR VASSALS REEE**
Or, you know, the possibility of crashing the Eurozone killing the German economy along with it.
&gt;The crisis of the last few years is a one-off event, [..] Not a chance in hell. Africa's population is set to double until 2050 to 2bn people, with most living in Central Africa. Even worse, the regions which will be hit hardest by climate change will be the most populous and urbanised in Africa. Nigeria alone will have ~500 million people by 2050, more than the EU currently has. We should be thankful for the past few years. It is the vaccination we required to wake up to the realities facing our continent. But don't for one second believe that the flow of people is about to stop. We can only hope that these past years will have set in motion a deep political shift equipping us with the tools to control/stop migration flow over the next few decades. The key to all of this will be to control the [Sahel](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1a/Map_sahel_2.svg/1024px-Map_sahel_2.svg.png). France's new "European intervention force" will be tailor-made for exactly this. The epochal consequences for Europe and size of the problem is why we cannot any longer see this as a national task. No member state alone has sufficient resources to control that massive stretch of land - comparable to the length of Russia! - by themselves, yet if we don't the consequences will hit all of us, whether we live in peripheral states or not. Edit: Added a picture of the Sahel for visual effect.
The eurozone can be killed by Italy's government doing stupid things, and Italy's government will do stupid things unless they get support on migration. It's not that hard, and not speaking against the Eurozone either.
&gt; Its a dumb idea for anyone who considers the economic and political consequences in deepth. Luckily, we have a technocratic, pragmatic and not short-fused Italian go- *oh!*
This is in preparation of the EU summit later this month. With France and Germany presenting the two different sides of the financial divide, this compromise is a big step towards a Eurozone-wide one. The two countries to watch next are NL and IT. Edit: [Why to watch these two.](https://old.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/8s9y01/merkel_macron_agree_euro_zone_budget_in_new/e0z3bgk/)
**The Netherlands:** NL are the highest net payers into the EU budget right now and are fiscally conservative, even a bit more than Germany. They have recently become the de facto leader of the fiscal hawks as Germany began to adopt the role of the middle man. As such, if the Dutch agree the fiscal hawks are most likely convinced as a group. The Dutch neither wish to pay more than they already do, nor create a transfer union. With this, they are in line with most of the CDU/CSU electorate in Germany. On the other hand, the NL would loose the most from a crashing Eurozone as much of Europe's trade flows through their cities and ports. Rutte has begun extra-conservative on these issues and gradually reduced his rhetoric on the matter. He is still on the level of the CDU/CSU, so do not expect him to agree to the Eurozone budget as it stands now. While the Dutch are opposed to unjustified spending, they are not complete dogmatists. I believe a good case can still be made to convince them of the merit of a Eurozone budget. That being said, FR/DE left open the size of the EZ budget. Common wisdom holds this is because of unresolved differences between France and Germany, but I believe it is because here the greatest adjustment towards a compromise with the Dutch can be made. For the Dutch to agree, I believe we must have a budget which is a) limited in size, b) is investment focused, c) subject to strong control mechanisms and d) financed in ways not putting extra burden on Dutch taxpayers. The first three already shone through yesterday, but of course the details are unknown. The last one might be the most difficult point to achieve, yet Germany already showed readiness to pay more to protect its deep economic interests - a long-term successful, stable Eurozone. Edit: I should mention one additional development - *America*. At least since Iraq, the US have entered a slow fall from grace for them in the eyes of its European allies. The Iraq debacle, NSA scandals, now Trump's general behaviour culminating in his crumbling commitment to NATO/G7; all of which have made European allies wary of disintegrating US support. I cannot faithfully gauge the Dutch reaction to this, but the German reaction has been one of absolute terror. Let's be frank: as of last week, our transatlanticists are no more. This is relevant because they dominated our entire government policy since the FRG's establishment, even putting the German-US alliance above common European interests. As Merkel put it, our loyalty is now first towards Germany, second towards Europe. Before Trump, this still was "1. Germany, 2. America, 3. The rest". The Dutch are dependent on a world order assuring the free flow of goods across the oceans. Without it, there is no Dutch economy. If they feel that the Americans are no longer willing to uphold such an order, then the Dutch have no other option that to integrate themselves fully into a European structure *and make sure it has the ability to defend open seas globally*. The size of this task implies a federal EU. Thus, if the past two weeks have finalised America's fall from grace in the Netherlands as it did in Germany, the Dutch reluctance to stronger European co-operation might have evaporated in the light of crumbling American hegemony. ---------- **Italy:** I know less about Italy than the Netherlands, simply because I know less about both the government and their voters. I have an idea what drives the latter in certain issues, but I am not entirely sure. In effect, what we have in Italy is the complete opposite of the Dutch in many areas - with the explicit exception of net payment. While the Italians are not the highest net payers, they still are net payers and a G7 economy. You can see Italy's position as "More French than the French" when it comes to a Eurozone budget. If Italy had its wish *during past governments*, we'd have a Eurozone budget three weeks ago with a huge % of the EZ's GDP behind it. The issue is, they do not have a government as they did in the past. Most recent talks with the French nevertheless suggested a similar stance as before. The main difference however is the Italian's willingness to compromise. During past governments, I would have had no doubt that whatever deal could be struck with the Dutch, the Italians would agree to on the basis of "Something is better than nothing". With the populist government, I am not so sure. They may wish to tank the Euro and find *something* to dislike as justification to block a deal, which you can always do if you look closely enough. They may feel insulted at the little concessions the North gives them. They may feel an honest, pragmatic need for deeper integration than what is being suggested. I simply do not know, but it is for this reason that we must take special care to observe the Italians' reactions. They are the wild card, but at the same time it is far from clear that they will automatically block a reform as many external observers would claim. For all we know, Italy's support was already gained on Monday when Merkel assured the Italians of her support in all matters regarding migration. Such a deal is very much in the spirit of Italy, even if it is rather un-German. The economic necessity and shifting political landscape might have forced Merkel to support Italy in many topics, ranging from migration and youth unemployment as declared on Monday when Conte visited Berlin, in order to gain Italy's support for Eurozone reforms. In the end, let's not forget that even populists might understand that something is indeed better than nothing. Whatever the Eurozone's budget size, Italy *will* profit since the budget's main intention is to assure long-term convergence of economic performance across the bloc with Italy lagging behind since the financial crisis.
Ah, I see - a "one/off" in terms of political reaction. Yes, I certainly would hope so.
Germany rolled over on Monday on migration when Conte visited Berlin, and opened the possibility of additional help for Italy on youth unemployment. My hope is that this will secure Italian support for a Eurozone deal, as Italy already talked to France on the matter and supported them.
This might in fact be what they will be doing. In the press conference at least, the statement to reduce the number of Commissioners was followed by the statement that that bigger states will have to be the first to act on this and, paraphrasing Merkel, "Leave the Commissioners to the smaller ones".
I think Bulgaria will have the chance to enter post-reform. Nobody wants Bulgaria in as long as we haven't reformed yet, it adds another vote you need to convince. On the other hand, once we *have* reformed, adding another member is the best way to prove that the Eurozone is a srong &amp; stable currency union who don't need no QE.
[Are you doing your part?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3ywBX1OGeE)
Ich persönlich präferiere "Haargegeelte Flipchartbauern mit Dickrandbrille im Anzug".
Wie genau funktioniert das jetzt? Bei keiner Partei addiert sich das auf 100%. Ist der Rest "Keine Angabe"? Ist "Keine Angabe" in Wirklichkeit ein "Ja, aber ich sag das doch nicht Öffentlich bin ich denn blöd?". In meinem Kopf ist es jetzt letzteres, und die Grünen ganz schön antisemitisch - aber dafür eben mit Köpfchen.
There was a *little something* from 1939-1945. Jokes aside, a deep alliance with the US was quite simply required for the continued survival and prosperity of West Germany until the end of the Cold War. After that, it was easier to outsource geopolitical concerns to the Americans than deal with it yourself. In short: first survival, then prosperity, then convenience.
Ganz nach dem Motto: bist du mit ihnen befreundet, zersetzen sie dich als letzte!
Ja, aber das ist langweilig und daher kann ich damit nicht arbeiten.
Which will not be a problem any longer if it is a Franco-German project, or even a European one.
&gt;France and Germany also agreed on Tuesday that Germany would take the lead in a joint project to develop a new battle tank with a first phase of the program to be launched by mid-2019. The aim is for the tank to be operational in 2035. &gt;The two countries also signed agreements for a joint future artillery system and plans to launch a Franco-German military satellite. [MFW.](https://spectatorblogs.imgix.net/files/2014/04/335393-97385381fb71eb041abef559ce3ad873.jpg?auto=compress,enhance,format&amp;crop=faces,entropy,edges&amp;fit=crop&amp;w=620&amp;h=345)
The details are also relevant: who leads which project, for example.
Gib ihm halt mal eine Landkarte über "Kulturen in Europa" von vor 1910. Der gelernte Kartenleser wird merken, dass da alle drunter und drüber liegen. Die klar getrennten Kulturen von heute sind Machwerk des Nationalismus im 20. Jhd. Wir müssen nicht "erst" sondern "wieder" Europäer werden. Das schließt im übrigen das heiß geliebte Kaiserreich mit ein.
Warnung: folgender Austausch vereinfacht komplizierte politische Prozesse. Falls dies den Leser erzürnt wird darum gebeten, hier mit dem Lesen aufzuhören. --- &gt;*Es ist Frühling 2007, eine steife Briese weht aus Libyen über das Mittelmeer.* &gt;IT: Ich habe jedes Jahr mehr Schwatte, langsam wirds aber komisch. &gt;GR: Ich hab', ich hab', ich hab', ich hab' Style und das Geld .. &gt;ES: *Ich* habe Nato-Stacheldraht. --------------------- &gt;*Mittlerweile ist es 2011, noch ist die Welt in Ordnung.* &gt;DE: Wir brauchen eine gemeinsame, solidarische europäische Lösung. &gt;FR: Vor allem für unsere Banken, mon chérie. &gt;GR: Klasse. &gt;IT: Nachdem wir Griechenland aufgeteilt haben, könnten wir vielleicht kurz über die Migration aus Afrika reden? &gt;ES: Nato-Stacheldraht ist gerade im Angebot. &gt;DE: Dublin-II, Italien. So schwer ist das nicht, und du hättest auch die Suchfunktion verwenden können. &gt;*Weit entfernt kracht es in Syrien.* &gt;FR: Wie passend, ich hatte noch ein paar Raketen von Neujahr rumliegen. &gt;UK: Au ja, ich liebe europäische Gemeinschaftsaktivitäten! &gt;IT: Passt aber bitte auf, wohin ihr dami- &gt;LBY: *Stirbt.* &gt;FR: Désole, die waren wohl Mangelware. &gt;IT: Klasse. ------------ &gt;*Die Welt und der menschliche Fortschritt schreiten unaufhaltsam voran - willkommen in der Zukunft, im fernen Jahre 2014!* &gt;GR: It took all the strength I had not to fall apart, kept trying hard to mend the pieces of my broken heart ... &gt;IT: Germania! Wir müssen reden! &gt;DE: 'SCHLAND! &gt;IT: Echt jetzt, das geht so nicht weiter! Seitdem Ghaddafi weg ist kommen immer mehr Afrikaner hier an. In Griechenland ist es nicht besser, der singt sogar schon Negerlieder. &gt;DE: 'SCHLAND? &gt;IT: Wir. Brauchen. Einen. Gemeinsamen. Grenzschutz. Vor allem wenn jetzt noch Syrier kommen, dann bricht Dublin komplett zusammen. &gt;DE: 'SCHLAND. &gt;FR: Italien, du hast Recht. &gt;ES: Dem pflichte ich bei. &gt;FR: Hier, da hast du Dublin-III. ----- &gt;*Die Ruhe vor dem Sturm. Noch wähnt sich Schrebergartenbesitzer Ottmar in Sicherheit, doch dies wird sich bald ändern mit Ankunft der Muselmänner auf europäischem Boden. Es ist Sommer 2015.* &gt;IT: 'Erst vor der eigenen Haustür kehren', 'Man ist für sich selbst verantwortlich', 'Wir können nicht alles bezahlten', Haufen undankbarer Arschlöcher ... &gt;GR: Ob es Sinn macht, aus dem Euro auszutreten und dafür Flüchtlinge als Währung zu verwenden? &gt;IT: ... ja, wer hat den Mare Nostrum gemacht? Ja, wer bezahlt den den Hauptteil von Triton? Und wo sollen die dann alle hin? Zu mir wollen die ja nicht! Die wollen nach Norden! &gt;GR: **Heureka!** &gt;IT: Prego? &gt;GR: Ich habe Euros in Griechenland, die deutsch sind aber griechisch sein sollten. Keiner versteht das, aber niemand stört sich daran. Genauso kann ich dafür sorgen, dass meine griechischen Flüchtlinge deutsch werden! Albanien!? &gt;AL: Ja, bitte? &gt;GR: Guck' mal kurz weg. &gt;AL: Warum? &gt;GR: Mach einfach! &gt;AL: ... okehhhhwasistdashierdaskribbelt!!11 &gt;GR: Humanitäre Hilfeleistung. Es ist einfach nur schrecklich hier bei mir, das würdest du niemandem antun wollen. Schick sie einfach nach Norden, das bisschen Flüchtlingsstrom regelt sich von allene. &gt;IT: Das ist gar nicht mal so blöd. &gt;GR: Fast so als ob ich Übung im philosophieren hätte. &gt;FR: Heh, was wird das denn hier!? &gt;IT: Ups. /shrug &gt;DE: ALARM. ALARM. EU-SUPERSONDERSITZUNGSGIPFELTREFFEN WEGEN MASSIVER RIESENFLÜCHTLINGSKATASTROPHENKRISE IN BAYERN. &gt;BE: Bei dir oder bei mir? &gt;DE: Es ist wichtig, daher Berlin. &gt;IT &amp; GR: Klasse! ----------- &gt;*Wir machen einen Sprung, da der Kaffee des Autors sich zum Ende neigt. Es ist 2018, und die Flüchtlingskrise hat Europa bis zum äußersten gespalten. Jedes Land ist dabei, absolute Alleingänge zu fahren.* &gt;DE: Wir brauchen eine gemeinsame, solidarische europäische Lösung. &gt;FR: ... &gt;DE: Wir brauchen eine gemeinsame, *solidarische* **europäische** Lösung. &gt;FR: Du, Liebes. Ich und die anderen haben sich da zusammengesetzt. Es ist so. &gt;IT: Wenn du's nicht machst, mach' ich es. &gt;DE: Ach Italien, von euch Nazis muss ich mir nichts sagen lassen. Wir sind nämlich keine Nazi mehr! &gt;SE: Wir auch nicht! &gt;FR: Wie gesagt, es ist so .. &gt;DK: Wir wollen die Grenzen zu machen. Vollkommen. &gt;AT: Komplett zu. &gt;HUN: Mit Nato-Stacheldraht. &gt;ES: Nato-Stacheldraht ist böse! &gt;DE: Aber Grenzen kann man nicht zu machen! &gt;IT: Meine libyschen Warlords machen das seit mehr als einem Jahr. &gt;DE: Aber da sterben Menschen ... &gt;GR: Erzähle mir mehr. &gt;IT: Wie hieß es im antiken Rom: was du in Yemen kannst, kannst du auch woanders? &gt;DE: ... also vor laufender Kamera. Was soll ich denn dem Wahlvieh erzählen? &gt;IT: Ich sag' den mittlerweile immer: Jungens, wir schieben alle ab! &gt;FR: Ich zitiere lieber einen obskuren Philosophen und mache es einfach. &gt;AT: Wir sind uns alle recht einig, von den Quoten mal abgesehen. &gt;HUN: Keine Migranten, keine Quoten. &gt;DK: In jedem Fall, wir machen das jetzt. &gt;DE: Oh, welch' Qual! Es geht ein Riss durch Europa! Niemand mehr will eine gemeinsame, solidarische europäische Lösung.
Da werden die ganz großen Probleme angegangen.
&gt; And why we are the bad guys when our dumb racist premier get to power thank s to other countries policies?? You are not. The other Schengen member states failed you, simple as that.
&gt; The US has something far more effective than immigration policy - high economic inequality and a sink or swim system. Plus the two best neighbours a country can have: the Atlantic and the Pacific.
Keep it up. You are right, they are wrong.
&gt;Financial crisis, migration crisis, security threats Ich schlafe gemütlich. &gt;Tariffs on ~~German~~ European cars. [**Es braust ein Sturm wie Donnerhall, wie Schwertgeklirr und Wogenprall!**](https://www.euractiv.com/section/defence-policy/news/germanys-maas-unveils-vision-for-post-atlantic-europe/)
Alter.
AAAALLLTEEEEEEEERRRRR
I have still hope you make it along with us.
Has anyone else besides me read the letter of intent? News articles did not seem to link it. Maybe I am seriously misjudging what I read, but I cannot see how the EI2 is in any way an intervention force. At best, it will be a way to form a common strategic culture and doctrine. No doubt this is necessary for military integration and highly complementary to PESCO, which doesn't have a similar project focusing on C3. However, I do not see how this is in any way an intervention force. There is no command structure. There is no personnel or equipment earmarked. In fact, the letter explicitly states nothing of the sort will occur. For an intervention force, I would still rather look at the CRC (even though I do not know the details there, it too might be something entirely different). Edit: I should try and point out EI2's usefulness. I believe it could be the great-grandfather of a European military command, definitely of its planning staff. Right now, it has zero executive powers. However, its purpose will be to create "a forum" (whatever that is) to a) figure out explicit areas/tasks for countries to co-operate in/on, b) formulate explicit mission objectives for these, c) create a taxonomy of all the forces of all member states to fulfil said objectives, d) and agree on a coherent, common strategy using these foces to fulfil said objectives. While none of the above will be legally binding, I do believe countries' national interests will pressure them into co-operating regardless. This is why only chosen countries were invited. As you can see, the tasks themselves are not so different from what an actual military planning staff would engage in. Where EI2 differs is of course that there is no legal mechanism to force compliance, even no unified army to command/plan for. However, seen from an operational perspective EI2 will fulfill one vital part of what a military command does, namely the planning stage. By EI2's very definition, this will create a common strategic doctrine of the countries involved. At some point, when necessity enforces reform, there is a chance this will butterfly into an actual command since the planning competences are already present in the "forum" that is to be created. You want to have short lines of communications between those with the info (those who plan) and those who need to act on it (from a high level point of view), so putting them all together in one institution will be natural once they communicate on a regular basis.
&gt; If the worst were to come we'd be crushed by this alliance, we couldn't change sides last minute as we did in the past, we'd be the main enemy... If worst comes to worst, you'd be joining any such alliance in a heartbeat. Not only are we all still part of NATO, the Lisbon treaty demands member states to help each other in defensive scenarios. Add to this, our arms industries are increasingly integrating. All of this would have to revert before armed conflict is realistic.
[I don't think it is.](https://old.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/8tr5uu/nine_eu_states_sign_off_on_joint_european/e1azju2/) However, the whole purpose of the military co-operation that *will* occur, and which will be facilitated by the initiative, is to control the Sahel. Doing so is central to controlling northern Africa, which in turn is essential to control the resources and migrant flows present there. NATO is useless for this purpose, because control of the Sahel is outside NATO's mandate &amp; scope of operation. France cannot do it alone, but all of Europe's security and prosperity is dependent on it. So France is looking for help in a structure outside of NATO. I believe Mali is a blueprint of how operations will look like.
HMMM.
Wenn das so weitergeht kommt der EU Rat vielleicht noch auf so dumme Ideen wie die gemeinsame Sicherheits- und Aussenpolitik über QMV zu entscheiden.
Bolish Bro, best Bro.
Sweden earned this. Glad for you!
I am in favour of a national service, but one which actually helps teach young people usefull skills. I am not sure this can happen in a ~4 months period unless it is *extremely* intense. Hence I don't see the point in this watered-down approach, but maybe somebody who knows the details can explain why it's useful.
Exactly.
Apparently there is agreement on migration, everyone is happy. I on the other hand have no idea what was agreed upon, it all seems far too vague.
As so often: we invented it, you perfected it.
Das ist eine Möglichkeit. Ich würde es bei einer experimentier-lastigen Wissenschaft als plausibel erachten, da dort die Veröffentlichungen des Professors von der Arbeit der (Post)-Docs abhängen. Das ist nicht überall so. In meinem Gebiet habe ich gegenteilige Erfahrungen gemacht, aber da kenne ich ehrlich gesagt auch niemanden der freiwillig 9-5 arbeitet. Der Druck kommt weniger von Professoren, als von einem selbst. Man weiß eben, dass man bei 9-5 einen Doktor kriegt - aber auch nicht viel mehr.
Wir können auch mal damit anfangen, dass Signifikanz rein gar nicht bedeutet, [dass ein Effekt wahrscheinlich existiert](https://www.spektrum.de/magazin/statistik-was-der-signifikanztest-nicht-verraet/1301223). Aber das weißt du, ist eher für andere.
Kann sein, ich kenne auch niemanden. Aber ich wollte jetzt nicht einen auf Investmentbänker machen und so tun als ob man meinen Job nur machen kann wenn man Koksschnupfend 90 Std.-Wochen einlegt und alles drunter ist für Muschis.
*Kaffee ist eine [islamisierende Droge](https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaffee#Osmanisches_Reich) - Finger weg, [Teutone](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CXaFKwgWEAEK5qE.png)!*
&gt;Let's see what this fat budget surplus will look like after that... It's already impossible to retain a budget surplus *now*. Whether the US leaves or not is irrelevant. I'd rather have a deficit and functioning military than the other way around. &gt;Maybe will it need to build its own nuclear deterrent or to share the French one, as well? The main issue we face are political, in partiuclar Germans' reluctance to accept the necessity of a deterrent. However, once we do I am certain we'd rather share the French one than spend mountains of money on our own. We're cheap cunts, after all.
Let us dream for 5 minutes, man.
*After WWIII ends* Yep, this is a tide ad.
&gt; This slight egotistical behaviour was what we saw with Nord stream vs South stream. From an insider's perspective, I'd like to challenge this notion. I do not believe we are any more egoistical than other nations. However, I do believe that WWII+decades of the cold war and American protection have made German *public* political debate void of foreign affairs and geopolitical discourse. You can guess the issue, namely the implication that our actions matter - highly uncomfortable to many Germans. Hence the issue is ignored, and our politicians can fuck over allies left, right and centre because the people are safe in the knowledge that some vague protective power will deal with the big issues. This is the same reason why our public debate is highly moral, because we can talk in hypotheticals without needing to worry about practical issues and a muddy reality. Whether that is better or worse, I do not know. In recent years, reality has been creeping back into our debates. It will take some more years and a generational shift for Germany to become comfortable with hard power as a tool again.
Warum konnte Merz der Mutti eigtl. nicht einen seiner Mittelklassejets leihen?
Mit den Grünen im Rücken könnte dies entzücken.
Das erklärt einiges.
Don't kid yourself, you're just a cheap copy of Italy without the bunga-bunga that makes it all family friendly.
*Face, meet palm.*
Does it matter what "it" is if Italy perfected it?
*Screams in German*
Sry konnt nicht musste letzte Folge gucken danke
You're all assuming OP spoke from the Police's PoV. Maybe he just kinky?
Die waren zu offensichtlich iwo, gut das direkt zurückgeschosse wird.
&gt;**The opinion, which is not binding on the court,** comes just a week after the case was heard at the ECJ following a referral from Scotland's highest civil court, the Court of Session. &gt;A judgment by the court will take place at a later date.
They do not. Unless you get the SPD out of government, in particular if it's in charge of the foreign affairs ministry, expect Germany's stance to be axiomatically appeasing/pro-Russian whenever it can get away with it.
Possible, even if I would be wary to extrapolate from past events considering Brexit's unique nature. Aside from this, I posted the quotes because news headlines are already claiming the UK has gained the legal ability to revoke Art. 50 unilaterally. This is factually wrong and thus misinformation, regardless of whether or not it may be correct in the near future.
I posted two sources because the Euractiv one usually is more sober than others. (cmpr. headlines, for example).
Actions &gt; Words. The SPD has pulling this shit since long before Schröder.
&gt; Merkel or her potentional successors have more or less the same approach towards NS2, so I would not really expect that only by not having SPD in government, the stance would change. You should, it was part of the nearly agreed coalition agreement under Jamaica.
Merkel &amp; CDU leadership candidates are neutral, but both CDU/FDP have a historically strong transatlanticist wing. These are usually the same people who are more hawkish in foreign policy matters, and align with US policy (hence their name). The Transatlanticists are fighting with those in their parties who believe primarily in business above everything else, and ofc. the CSU who love to tango with autocrats. The fig leave behind which everyone could hide is still the SPD - once they get out, it won't be so easy for others to keep the lid on party infighting. The Greens are a mix of environmentalism and genuine pro-EU policy. How that translates to actions once they are in power we will have to see, but at least their statements during the coalition talks were based on energy security concerns. They see Russia as more than a geopolitical threat, but as a true ideological opponent to their vision of Germany and Europe. This is why I believe their opposition is honest. Edit: In a just world where the FDP takes its ideological foundations seriously, they too would oppose Russia based on ideological grounds. That, however, is something I am fairly sceptical of seeing.
Najo ich bin ja auch als Deutscher in Dland geboren und da bleib ich erstmal. Danke an Mutti (die biologische).
None of my statements implies that the SPD is the only party with links to Russia. Others clearly include AfD, and ofc. the CSU with their 'Bavarian foreign policy' in which they somehow end up with Orban &amp; friends. This shold explain the first link. Regarding the second, subtitle of header: &gt;Angela Merkel "furious" after reports that her foreign policy expert attended Gerhard Schroeder's birthday party with Vladimir Putin The CDU has plenty of nihilistic business advocates who do not see the ideological threat Russia presents. This is in stark contrast to the Greens. Merkel has merely been neutral or (very) softly critical. Neither of this is on the level of the SPD's historical tendency to appease Russia, however.
So what are they waiting for? How hard can it be, eh?
Es ist kein Eroberungsfeldzug wenn es eigentlich dir gehört. *Tippt sich an die Schläfe*
It is rather irritating how people assume self-defense rights to be toothless in Germany. Depending on the city and who you are/how you speak, the police won't really care too much either if you happen to do their job for them.
Or [this](https://www.welt.de/vermischtes/weltgeschehen/article13696319/Gericht-spricht-Rocker-nach-Polizisten-Toetung-frei.html) one, in which a Hell's Angel member fatally wounded a police officer because he expected a rival gang to murder him when the police barged into his flat. No punishment.
&gt; Sich über die Deutschheit [...] aufregen und dabei [...] Humor [...] nicht verstehen, [...] so deutsch
At which point can the French security services use this as a pretext to arrest ppl.? I assume the dividing line is whether a group calls for the peaceful//violent removal of a representative body.
Don't gloat Britain, you know how it goes. First comes the revolution, then the Napoleon. Or maybe it was the other way around this time, I can't tell.
Es ist am passieren dran, geradewegs.
Du erwartest im englischsprachigen Reddit vernünftige Antworten, Brudi? Ich stimme dir bei deiner Meinung vollkommen zu, unsere Kultur ist aber auch meilenweit von der (mMn stellenhaft krankhaft individualistischen) in den USA entfernt. Edit: Präventive Klarstellung. Das 'krankhafte' ist für mich nicht, keine Kinder zu wollen - sondern Leuten, die eben nicht beinhart individualistisch eingestellt sind, eine Psychose zu unterstellen.
11/10 translation points.
ZAUBER
Manche Leute haben echt zuviel Zeit.
Diese Zeitlinie, meine Lieben, diese Zeitlinie.
Ich dachte, das Besondere an den GJs sei ihre dezentralisierte Organisation. Wie sind die Räpresentanten und die Forderungen zustande gekommen?
- Wie kann der Bund den Mittelbau in der deutschen Forschung stärken? (I) - Wie will der Bund den Braindrain von Forschern ins Ausland stoppen? (II) - Ist Ihnen bewusst, dass Ignorieren von (I) direkt zu (II) führt? Damit kann man die dt. Wirtschaft auf mittelfristige Sicht auch abschreiben.
Tag/Monat/Jahr? Ich *vermute* Monat, da sich Jahr mit der Forderung nach 1.300 Euro Mindestlohn kreuzt. Tag wäre zu großzügig.
Ich weiß ehrlich gesagt rein gar nicht, was tatsächlich gefordert wird. Viele Dinge sind schwammig genug, dass man es widersprüchlich auslegen kann wenn man denn so möchte. Ein anderes Problem ist die Umsetzbarkeit. Genauso wie beim geforderten Schutz gegen Auslagerung ins Ausland fallen mir beim 15k Mindeslohn/Monat eine Vielzahl an Schlupf~~löchern~~tälern ein.
Hinweis: ich versuche die Forderungen zu entschüsseln, ich selbst will natürlich bitte 1 Million pro Stunde für meine unglaubliche Leistungsstärke im synergetischen Kompetenzwettkampf der gesellschaftlichen Performancemittelständer.
I was plenty fearful the first time watching without knowing the added details. At least to me, the atmosphere is incredibly tense. There is nothing fun about this, even if they're trying their best. Terror is one false move away.
Erinnert mich an [dies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UFqEqwAa3A).
*Now* it's official. What a welcome surprise.
I believe his 'logic' was that since Britain can now unilaterally engage in an action, clearly the EU has undermined democracy and state sovereignty by not preventing Britain to do it.
I am fearful for the protestors because the police look scary to me and I am wanking to my 'authoritarian fetish'?
It will fully depend on how serious their bluff is taken. Maybe it'll devolve into a situation where nobody ever threatens to leave because it's a laughing matter at that point.
Ah, no worries then. I'm just very concerned about the potential for violence in the video/elsewhere.
Just chiming in for a clarification (may interest /u/_fancy_pancy) too. A PhD program in North America will usually be 4-5 years, with the first 1-2 years + qualifying exams similar to what in Europe is a separate degree (the MS). In Europe, a PhD is 3 years, and a MS one or two. All in all, you get 4-5 years on both sides of the pond but separated into two different degrees in Europe.
I don't see why most Dr degrees are 5 years. Never experienced that, but maybe it's a special case of my field. Otherwise correct, but the sloppy translation I used is "Dr &lt;-&gt; PhD" and I believe this is what most unis use when advertising abroad (may be wrong though). If we're going proper German names, we can start with differentiating types of Dr ...
&gt; Apart from professionalism, it could just be that HAF pilots have that extra passion for their work and a desire to do a good job, he added. "My driving passion is 'Not becoming Turkish'."
Let's not include Germany in this, then. A peaceful transition of power within one party is hardly "going bananas". The entire process was a yawn-fest: even if AKK had lost, it would hardly have be an upset.
They may have that fear, but in this case it's the same old trajectory with voters split between Greens/AfD - just more so. Everyone sees the AfD, no one cares about the several % points stronger Greens who are rallying the (left-)centrists. The CDU/CSU still has a role to play there, in particular because the Greens can attract and work with conservatives (BW &amp; Bavaria). The FDP still matters in this scenario as well, because they can attract liberal-conservative voters that shy away from xenophobia.
As most polls have a 3% confidence intervall, oscillating between 19-22% is pretty much what you would expect. The AfD is doing the same at around 14-15%. Both parties usually gets spikes before elections, probably due to added exposure. Right now, the CDU/CSU was exposed in the national media hence it gets some more points. All of this merely shows me that our representative democracy is indeed representative and manages to co-opt new opinions in party-format. What would be far worse than a declining SPD is a sclerotic party managing to hold onto power due to systemic failures, even if people started to disagree with the party. What would be far worse than an AfD at 15% is a country in which these people had no party to vote for, because *that* is how real violence starts/how mainstream parties get undermined from the extremes. Our way is to quarantine it semi-democratically to the fringes, and with a proportional re-action on its way (in this case, Greens) because the system is open enough to allow relatively quick adaption of party stances/testing grounds in form of state elections.
Yes, we invaded Iraq and opened up all borders from Greece to Hungary to Czechia.
The Republicans/Tories are a good example; maybe even Labour nowadays. You are ofc. right that proportional representation is not unique to Germany, but our combination of a) proportional representation b) federalism c) 5% rule may be. All contribute to creating a stable *and* dynamic system. A (relatively) weak head of government and focus on party politics could be another issue. We'd have to ask a political scientist!
Oh nice, I wasn't aware Germany continues the war by killing Brits through heart disease.
ABER DIE PSANIER
I agree, but luckily there are still some options: (sadly) AfD, but (hopefully) Die Linke if they ever get their shit together. On the other hand, it's not impossible that Greens are represented in rural areas either. It resonated mostly with wealth, and we do have some wealthy rural areas.
More Hungarian immigrants, I figure.
&gt;The eurosceptics came up with no plan in all their years of bitching, and looking to the likes of Boris and Gove for one is useless; they are opportunists hitching their wagon to the cause at the eleventh hour for personal gain. It's not only this. Britain had legitimate clout within the EU. There was a reason De Gaulle vetoed Britain's accession two times. Without Britain, Germany's primary focus is France and France's primary focus is Germany. With Britain, there enters a massive 'Kingmaker' and coalition-leader of its own right. Even worse/better (depending on who you ask), in the same league as Germany and France. If history is any guide, the results are this: what Britain wants from the EU, Britain gets. What Britain doesn't want to happen in the EU, doesn't happen. The *one* defeat in this respect may have been German reunification and the French demand of introducing a common currency. The latter however follows directly from the historic US insistence on German reunification. It's hardly a dishonourable defeat if you acquiesce to the remaining superpower that just won the cold war, bend on re-organising the world as it sees fit. Counting wins, we have: structural fonds, re-routing trade to the continent and kickstarting the ailing British economy, the single market, preventing Delor's social pillars as part of the single market, making defense integration outside of NATO a de facto impossibility for decades, eastern expansion (Yes! Britain drove this one!). The list goes on. Britain was the obvious matchmaker for quite a while. To leave the EU is the single most moronic geopolitical move in the history of Britain. Even if Britain remains, Brexit killed its most potent international leverage outside its nuclear arsenal. In fact, I'd say it killed its *most* potent one because you can't throw nukes around to impose your regulatory standards; EU negotiators on the other hand do this on the daily.
EPP: *Still fine.*
Integration = Stundenlohn. Muss man wissen! Es kommen schließlich keine Menschen, sondern Excel-Tabellen-Einträge.
&gt;You are not mature enough to tell it like it is. Even that burden you leave to us children. &gt;We have not come here to beg world leaders to care. You have ignored us in the past, and you will ignore us again. We have run out of excuses, and we are running out of time. We have come here to let you know that change is coming, whether you like it or not. DFW ein schwedischer Teenager staatsmännischer vorträgt als der ganze Sauhaufen die letzten 40 Jahre.
Don't bother. Sit back, preserve your nerves and watch the show. No amount of arguing will help, this one simply needs to happen so we can all learn from first hand experience.
Au ja, eine meiner Lieblingsverschwörungen. Es fehlt noch das Hitler-Zitat zum Bild einer betenden Waffen-SS Truppe aus dem Balkan.
Scheiße Brudi, schreib mal an den Reichsgerichtshof. Da können wir doch was machen.
This is beautiful. I've been sniggering all morning. Can't wait to show this to everyone.
Die ganz alte Frage, Großdeutschland oder *wirklich großes* Deutschland. Schwierig, schwierig. Ich weiß nicht, ich bin bloß Bauer. Wir brauchen für solche Entscheidungen jemanden mit mehr Inzest in der Familie.
Dazu wird die Weste angenehmer, je ungemütlicher es wird.
The whole point of /u/thelordofthepings comment was that our Gastarbeiter *did not* simply return to Turkey. This is why we have a large Turkish minority. I'm quite certain Japan will differ rather starkly from Germany here. Even if integration was opposed for decades and still has a long way to go, we have Germans with Turkish roots in our government. We have them as leading figures of political parties, in leading positions in parliament and possibly soon a central figure in our internal security services with Turkish roots. Your ignorant attempt to equate Germany and Japan here is entirely unwarranted.
No, no, it's the one that made me work until now since this morning. *Again*. Like the entire past 2 months.
no u &lt;3
Fraternising with the enemy since the day I was born.
&gt;Marcellesi was far from jubilant however, saying the deal is still insufficient to comply with the Paris Agreement’s goal of limiting global warming to “well below 2°C”. &gt;Still, the new electricity market design for the first time places a limit on coal subsidies by introducing a CO2 emissions performance standard of 550g per kilowatt hour on all new power plants. &gt;**The 550 rule is the cornerstone of the agreement, and effectively rules out state aid for coal.** The standard will start applying for all new power stations as soon as the regulation enters into force, and as of 1 July 2025 for existing generation facilities.
&gt;EU negotiators signed off on measures that include bans on single-use plastic plates, cutlery, expanded polystyrene food containers, beverage cups, balloons, straws and cotton bud sticks. &gt;The provisional agreement also means that manufacturers will have to pay for waste management and clean-up of single-use items, most notably cigarette butts. I find the second paragraph particularly interesting. Internalising costs producers could ignore up to now is certainly the quickest way to reduce waste and create technologies to efficiently clean up after ourselves.
&gt;The idea of a creating a budget specifically for the eurozone was formally acknowledged by the 19 heads of state and governments of the euro area at the European summit, which concluded in Brussels on 14 December. &gt;This approval by leaders is a first. Moreover, it is a good deal for the French president, who put forward the idea of a eurozone budget and managed to convince Angela Merkel, who was naturally cautious on the matter, over the course of several months. &gt;“This European Council has been one with results on several matters where we had been making proposals for months, notably on the eurozone,” Macron said at a press conference at the end of the summit. “A year ago, everyone thought this was impossible.” --- It is clear that any budget itself will be far less than what France and other member states such as Spain and Italy had hoped for. However, this was always going to be the case since the Eurozone does not only comprise of France, Spain and Italy. To be honest, I still have not quite figured out what the relationships between the ESM, the backstop and a supposed Eurozone budget should be. By this, I do not mean the legal relationships (although they will be relevant) but the competences. What can a Eurozone budget do that an ESM (+ new investment/protection mechanisms) cannot? It is obvious that Macron wants it for his political agenda, if only to prove that he can reform the Eurozone as promised. Without thinking of other mechanisms, there is of course need for *a* Eurozone budget. What I am asking is what *this* Eurozone budget can do that we cannot do otherwise.
&gt;The idea of a creating a budget specifically for the eurozone was formally acknowledged by the 19 heads of state and governments of the euro area at the European summit, which concluded in Brussels on 14 December. &gt;This approval by leaders is a first. Moreover, it is a good deal for the French president, who put forward the idea of a eurozone budget and managed to convince Angela Merkel, who was naturally cautious on the matter, over the course of several months. &gt;“This European Council has been one with results on several matters where we had been making proposals for months, notably on the eurozone,” Macron said at a press conference at the end of the summit. “A year ago, everyone thought this was impossible.” --- It is clear that any budget itself will be far less than what France and other member states such as Spain and Italy had hoped for. However, this was always going to be the case since the Eurozone does not only comprise of France, Spain and Italy. To be honest, I still have not quite figured out what the relationships between the ESM, the backstop and a supposed Eurozone budget should be. By this, I do not mean the legal relationships (although they will be relevant) but the competences. What can a Eurozone budget do that an ESM (+ new investment/protection mechanisms) cannot? It is obvious that Macron wants it for his political agenda, if only to prove that he can reform the Eurozone as promised. Without thinking of other mechanisms, there is of course need for *a* Eurozone budget. What I am asking is what *this* Eurozone budget can do that we cannot do otherwise.
Das war die erste Überschrift in Jahren wo ich stocken musste. Bitte wie?
&gt; And to think just a few miles away the EU scumbags are signing under these very people's legal "right" to invade us. Saw that a few times now, how does the UN migration pact allow this? Furthermore, how *can* it allow this considering plenty of EU member states haven't signed it and there isn't one EU migration policy?
&gt; With the police in France being ordered to become even more aggressive (despite their already attrocious actions recorded ad infinitum), they've now taken the deal and cannot say "non". Why is that? They can say anything they damn well please until *enough* police officers agree to return to work.
big if true
Was ein Schwachsinn. Wo bleibt mein Sprudel mit extra-für-den-Mann Kohlensäure?
Wer so homogen und undemokratisch wie die Schweiz ist, sollte man lieber nicht die Diversifizierten Demokratischen Staaten Amerikas kritisieren!11
Is ok. Bin Deutscher und wie man merkt ist mein OP auch vollkommen zerhackt. Das passiert wenn man nur den Satz vorm Komma verändert. Das wahre Erkennungsmerkmals eines Muttersprachlers ist es ja, seine Sprache im Alltag nur bis zum Notwendigen und niemals weiter zu verwenden.
Diesch, insb. in Verbindung mit der Schweiz; heterogen/homogen &amp; Waffengesetze.
One tiny addition that always seems to be overlooked: *necessity is the mother of invention*. If Germany needs means to store and distribute energy gained from renewables efficiently, not using nuclear will drive investment into such technologies. Together with miniaturisation, this will be beneficial to other industries that are in need of 'electrification' and where nuclear energy is obviously not a solution. I'm particularly excited about this since the EU adopted its 'citizen energy community' laws this week. We may see far more decentralised energy systems/storage in the future. This is useful not only to drive change towards a suistainable economy, but also makes our energy system more robust against external shocks.
Sozialismus ist, wenn das Militär keine 16 Atomflugzeugträger hat.
We'hel to natives.
Diesel allerdings nicht, da geht man auf die Barrikaden!
Muss ich dir ja nicht erklären, aber für andere: *darum* brauchen wir eine starke EU, eine viel stärkere als jetzt. Nur dann können wir uns gegen Mächte wie China behaupten.
999
This is correct
The 75% is Euro-Area only anyways. I agree that it will be interesting to see how close Euro-Area/All EU approval ratings get should the UK leave.
Baby steps. Recent agreements aren't much but more than nothing. We'll see more next year.
&gt;“How do I maintain authority over my security force after the event?” And, how do you? Classical feudalism worked because of organised religion, enforcement by external powers, and ofc. feudal lords often being nothing but legitimised warlords who derived legitimacy from the representatives of organised religion and their own ability to protect said religious order/project hard power. For the first generation in a closed-off bunker system, you can drop the first two. Unless you can somehow indoctrinate them, I'd be interested to know how you'd get armed men to follow you once state power erodes completely and your money becomes worthless.
That was my only thought as well. Just "holding food/water" in your hands is not enough if you can be easily killed in your sleep/poisoned without consequence. I guess this is why many people actually had elective monarchies (franchise ofc. being constricted to 'people who can kill other people').
Funny, I'd say the same about my own country (Germany).
kann ich nicht beantworten, habe das Produkt nicht gekauft - gez Siegfried M.
Wie man sieht arbeiten sich die Verteidiger des Abendlandes am größten Satan der gegenwärtigen Zeit ab - den eigenen Kindern. *Deus Vult* oder so.
.. and I think that's beautiful!
We are not more civilised, we just keep up appearances better.
Pretty sure many also believe she's responsible for reforms she voted against, e.g. gay marriage.
They must have horrible family.
Das ändert sich noch, wenn er erwachsen wird und selbst verdient.
Ich mein, als Jugendlicher geht das noch in Ordnung aber irgendwann muss man sich eingestehen, dass die Fussballträume dann doch eher Träume sind. Also immer mal den Ball flach halten. Vielleicht kann er ja zu einem Onkel in die Werkstatt.
~~Ja~~ Nein.
Alexa, google "Hütte im Wald ohne Stromanschluss was letzte Preis?".
Dem Volk herablassend, arrogant und eingeschnappt entgegezukommen ist immer eine sinnvolle Option.
I use Nativist.
The fucking EU
The EU is indeed *put into force* by the member states - after which you conveniently ignore everything else. The establishment of the EU is precisely what takes away sovereignty of member states in a formalised manner onto the EU's level - it is merely the act of deciding to establish the framework (=EU) that takes away which is fully sovereign. Any act that follows is one which occurs within said new framework and is bound to laws and decisions which are not in the hand of any single member state. It's entirely accepted, both in the EU's own legal framework (see exclusive/shared/national competences in Lisbon treaty) and academic publications, that the EU has established, *upon entering into being*, shared sovereignty. This means it established a common sovereignty that, while not exclusively supersedes member states' sovereignty *in all areas equally*, does so in the areas where it has exclusive or shared competences (see [source](http://ec.europa.eu/citizens-initiative/public/competences/faq#q3)). In practise, common sovereignty nowadays even includes matters which are still exclusively member state competences on the surface. Here, border control is the primary candidate. By now, Frontex operates in a way that accepts a trade-off between member state sovereigny and the common good. Roughly, the procedure functions as follows: 1) Member states must protect their part of the border (a common external EU border exists). 2) If the member state fails to do so, the EU can decide to ask them to accept Frontex assistance. 3) The member state can accept such assistance, or deny it. 4) If it denies it, the EU - in form of the EU Council - can decide to impose internal border controls until the member state in question either accepts Frontex assistance or manages to control its own border appropriately. Thus your argument that the EU having no sovereignty falls apart completely even in highly relevant areas such as border control. Here, we can see a facet of how the EU operates: full sovereignty is required upon creating a process, but that process is then taken out of any single member states' hands and *can* infringe on a member states' ability to decide freely since it needs to account for potential community sanctions. Hence, if you wish to take the stance that the only sovereignty which matters is the one that initially establishes a framework you are free to do so. Such a stance however has exactly nothing to do with the reality of why and how the EU operates, its capabilities or its future development. **In the same manner as a member of a football team has full sovereignty on the playing field since it was their decision to enter said team, a member state has full sovereignty and the EU has none.** The difference is that in the real world, we cannot leave the playing field, as nations always play whether they want to or not.
Hahahahaha
Indeed - your username applies!
The EDA article linked 20 days ago on this subreddit did not include Germany. The updated article does. We were all confused why the original one didn't, so maybe our bitching worked. PS: /u/sn0r
Jup. Darauf läuft es gerade hinaus.
Köln hat dann Strand, jo. :D
Mensch, Andi.
*A European was born.*
If the EU cannot move into Ukraine ...
Do we know if the retraction has to occur before 0:00 GMT or GMT+1?
A No Deal by accident it is!
The current US strategy towards Europe remained unchanged between Democratic and Republican administrations for a while now. I cannot speak for their domestic issues, but for Europe much of the difference between a Democratic or Republican administration lies in the attitude demands are presented, not the demands themselves.
&gt; The US could still single handedly cripple any nations economy Which is exactly why we're in a trade bloc.
Don't worry, we'll still be around when you can. :)
I don't know about all of the IMF's proposals, but what is currently discussed - and already difficult to agree on - in the Eurogroup does, at worst, require 'treaty revision' of the stability mechanism (that's the party line^TM ). Is that possible? It is not *im*possible, and treaty revision as a package was the only area ministers made progress on last Friday. A valid criticism would be that this only extends/reforms parts of the ESM, and does not achieve fundamental reform. I do not agree with this, because some important if technical changes are being made ([Example](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-eu-reform-debt/eu-plans-easier-restructuring-of-euro-zone-bonds-from-2022-draft-idUSKCN1TE2HF)). Other issues, such as the Eurozone budget (baptised BICC in Eurosprech) and the Banking Union, are only making progress measurable by geologists. On the Eurozone budget, our dear leaders are currently thinking about its structure before thinking about its financing or size. The latter is simply far harder tpo agree on than the former. On the Banking Union, IIRC it's been gridlocked for at least 1-2 years now. None of these two major issues require more treaty change than what is included in the revision, and would be necessary for securing the Eurozone, also on a more fundamental level. In summary: impossible treaty change is not necessary for creating a better functioning Eurozone. The problem is that even the pragmatic solutions we are discussing are contentious. It may very well be that they will only be agreed upon once a recession hits.
Das wird man ja wohl noch erschießen dürfen!
Ich sehe eher hier das Problem: &gt;Die Regelungen soll sich auch auf andere Symbole der EU beziehen, etwa die Europahymne, wie die Zeitung weiter berichtete. Hintergrund des Vorstoßes sei die Tatsache, dass es bereits einen Strafrechtsparagrafen gegen die Zerstörung von Fahnen ausländischer Flaggen und Hoheitszeichen gibt. Für die EU, die kein Staat ist, gelte dieser nicht. Keine Flagge sollte heilig sein, das ist doch Quatsch.
Versuche, böshafter/ogerhafter auszusehen. Mich fragt keiner mehr als einmal, warum ich nicht trinke. : ^ ) (Mit Ausnahme der /r/de-Lauchs die das jetzt in die Kommentare schreiben. Sehr kreativ.)
If her health isn't up to par anymore, she should do the sensible thing and call for reelections.
Fitting username.
Please combine &gt;If her health isn't up to par anymore with &gt;the liabilities of a chancellor
&gt;We'd have to have REALLY bad luck for the blast radius to encapsulate more than a few thousand people. Don't jinx it.
Do you know what "If" means?
Kann ich aus meiner Lehrerfahrung bestätigen. Ich weiß nicht wie es in anderen Fächern oder anderen Universitäten aussieht, aber Lehrämtler der Mathematik sind in der Regel dem Stoff nicht gewachsen. Das hat meines Erachtens nach weniger mit allgemeiner Intelligenz, als mit Prioritätensetzung/Fachentscheidung zu tun. 1) Prioritätensetzung: Mathematik lernt man von der Pike auf an der Universität vor allem, in dem man es die ersten 1-2 Jahre sehr intensiv betreibt. Das tut ein Lehrämtler normalerweise viel weniger als ein Hauptfachstudent. Leider tut der Hauptfachstudent das nicht, weil er kein Leben haben will, sondern weil es vom Fach tatsächlich benötigt wird. Ich habe im Studium erfahren, wie die feinen Unterschiede zwischen bereits intelligenten Menschen aussehen. Bei allen benötigten die Grundlagen eine hohe Zeitinvestition - sei es intensiv über 1-2 Jahre oder weniger intensiv über mehrere Jahre (einige haben bereits vor der Universität angefangen). D.h. wir haben ein durchschnittliches Lern-Zeitpensum welches ein Student erfüllen sollte, um erwarten zu können, dass die Grundlagen beherrscht sind. Aus Interessensgründen/Prioritätensetzung/Studiumsstruktur wird dies bei Lehrämtlern meistens nicht geschehen. 2) Fachentscheidung: Mathematik mögen die wenigsten, daher kann man mit Mathematik viel wahrscheinlicher eine Verbeamtung ergattern. Gerade heutzutage sehr wichtig! Entsprechend zieht es Leute mit wenig Interesse am Fach an sich an, was Punkt 1) dramatisch verstärkt. Edit: Aus dem Interview ein passendes Zitat. &gt;Mathematik baut aufeinander auf: Wenn mein Verständnis bei den Grundlagen instabil ist, wird es nach oben hin immer wackeliger, vor allem wenn ich immer mehr Unverstandenes auswendig zu lernen versuche. [...] Genau das passiert mMn bei den Lehrämtlern (und ausscheidenden Studenten im Hauptfach). Es wird nicht genug Zeit in die Grundlagen investiert, und dann scheitert man zwangsläufig mit der Zeit. Wir nannten es im Studium 'auf der Welle reiten', mit dem Versuch nicht unterzugehen.
Ich finde es sehr schön, dass Herr Krauthausen (so wie ich) Mathe im Gymnasium gehasst und es dennoch studiert hat. :)
Wir haben ja Zeit, kein Stress. *Famose letzte Worte.*
Ich habe erst ein anderes Studium angefangen. Beim lernen der mathematischen Methoden (bei einem sehr guten Professor) ist mir aufgefallen, dass ich a) die Sachen sehr gerne lerne, b) es viel tiefer verstehen möchte und c) in den eigentlichen Fachvorlesungen gar nicht mehr zuhöre sondern über Mathematik nachdenke. Nach sehr guten Prüfungsergebnissen in den mathematischen Methoden habe ich dann, nach einem Semester bisheriger Studienzeit, entschieden zu wechseln.
Alles im Rahmen des "End of History"-Classic-Liberalism-Gewichse gehört auf den Scheiterhaufen. Die OECD hat sich in Bildungssachen ja ziemlich stark diesem Prinzip verschrieben.
Because the refugees *you* create end up *here*, pudding face.
But what about all the jobs in the mercenary industry? Surely a long-term phase-out is more reasonable.
Whatever could go wrong!
Die Meinungen von Nischen- und Ein-Thema-Parteien spielen für uns doch keine Rolle.
Do it.
It *is* working - nobody ever said for whom.
Nein, dafür ist mein Toilettengehilfe Friedrich zuständig.
Beautiful. I hope this informs national policy as well.
Beautiful! Love the casual dice hand.
How is the wage development?
Ein Sieg für die Gleichberechtigung!
Thanks!
Ich jedenfalls bin am Punkt, wo ich nur noch lachen kann.
Bin nicht der Typ für Selbstmord.
[Hm.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eg3_kUaYFJA)
Agreed.
Now see them being too conflicted to get QMV in the core areas. Oh wait, we already fail at that under Lisbon.
&gt;[...] etwa flache Hierarchien "Chef, darf ich das?" "Nein! ... mein Digga."
Shit, guess I *am* getting my PhD after all.
Ich unterstütze meine lieben Kollegen aus Griechenland.
Stell dir vor, du seist Faschist, kannst aber nur andere Kulturen imitieren.
Du lachst, aber ich bin mir sicher, dass Ur-Ur-Ur-..-Urgroßvater Sigelmund meine Samsung Handysucht besser versteht als z.B. ein komischer Kerl aus Korea.
*folds hands* We need ... *looks neutrally into your eyes* ... European solidarity.
We are doing everything in our power. *Nods calmly.* Please be calm; I am very rational.
*Habsburg intensifies.*
Protip: look at other markets. SPY currently falling a bit in Europe, wait and see until your market has corrected by tomorrow at least. (Yes, we can trade SPY. We only have Martin Luther day, Hurensohn)
Gute Nacht, Menschheit.
I wanted to call you names risking me getting my licence confiscated by UK police, but then I realised I actually don't know how this shit gets traded. Take the S&amp;P. Is the one traded in Frankfurt fundamentally different than the one traded at Wall Street (aside from Forex issues)? From my limited observation, it seems that whatever happens in non-US market directly translates to the US and vice versa.
rude tbqh
That's why 100 dollars on the sidewalk are just nature's way to fuck with finance majors.
It's not my problem if you haven't yet enslaved a horde of failed semi-professional South Korean Star Craft players to micro the lag to your advantage.
? It's just fancy for 'they affect each other', don't be so salty.
*ae-aehm* *ae-ae-ae-aehm* JEMAND
Imagine somebody trying to tell French ppl. they have to speak English in France.
Of course, that's why all the signs in Paris are in English. (Not mad at France here, made me learn some French.)
He should've gone to south Germany, north Germany is short of words.
And others are responding. What's your point?
&gt; Germans pacified hundreds of villages in Soviet Union Let's call it murder. I hate these euphemisms.
It better have or I'm voting AfD.
Berlin being inefficient? That's not news, which was my point.
Excluded from the JTF, but what about EIB financing?
JTF will only be a minor part of the money. The European Investment Bank (EIB) will most certainly give the bulk of the money to states via loans for particular projects. Others responded to my question about EIB investment that they at least still fund nuclear.
They may still get EU funding, [see](https://old.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/esaulq/nuclear_excluded_from_eus_new_just_transition_fund/ffbj600/).
Meine Erwartungen sind minimal, und sie werden dennoch untertroffen werden.
Irgendwoher muss das Geld für das Merchandise ja herkommen!
Es muss GRITTY und GEMEIN und FIES sein, sonst ist es FÜR KINDER. t.boomey
I understand the sentiment, in particular for its time. However, it does not reflect my reality *because* I am an ardent European federalist. I see Europe as my top level community, with my national and regional ones below that. It wouldn't just be disingenous to pretend I feel just as strange in France as, say, in India or Japan. I actively feel at home in the places I visited in France as I do at home. Thus to me, being European *extends* the places I *do not* feel strange rather than give me access to more strangeness. It extends my home, rather than turning me homeless.
He's going to transport the voting mass away from LREM, optimally.
Let me offer you some money so we can forget about me offering money to you.
Let me be the first to point out that beer with a moderate % of alcohol is a great storage of both water and nutrients in general, as well as during infrastructure break-down in particular. There's a reason our livers can deal with it splendidly, after all.
Another excellent point of beer is its barter value.
Drink it for the nutrients, keep it for the precious metals.
Don't get cocky again just yet. Asian market reaction overnight is important for this week, and mainland Chinese stock exchanges open up again next Monday. If you can turn a profit and don't want to YOLO, realise it before market closure on Friday and then GTFO this sub.
It's called PR.
Short DAX instead, Germany is absolutely overexposed to disruptions in the global supply chain (particularly to EAsia) and reduction in global demand.
Es ist nicht meine Schuld, wenn der Markt ist wie er ist es ist nur meine Schuld, wenn er so bleibt.
They're having massive R&amp;D investment to play catch-up in an area they should've lead in. Typical teutonic twattery, but what are you gonna do - we'll never learn.
Bewerbung ist raus! .. ob die Wachsstiftdokumente annehmen?
Pour! ... mais je suis allemand.
[Des plans, tu dis?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5OdCqUWRyo)
&gt; Du coup tu vends quel Lander? Tu ne peux pas l'acheter, [mais tu peux le gagner](https://www.tagesspiegel.de/images/erster-weltkrieg-waffenstillstand-1918/23618394/3-format6001.jpg?inIsFirst=true)
Hat sie nicht. Sie hat für ihre Doktorarbeit Theorie für eine andere Problemklasse entwickelt, und konnte Werkzeuge die dafür verwendet wurden auch auf den Conway-Knoten anwenden (edit: Im Quanta Magazine Artikel wird es besser beschrieben. Die von ihr verwendeten Werkzeuge wurden wohl von anderen im Gebiet unterschätzt). Das Anwenden hat eine Woche gedauert, ein Großteil der Arbeit geschah davor - nicht vom Beweis, aber um diese unterschätzen Werkzeuge zu verstehen/verbessern. Das macht es nicht schlechter, im Gegenteil. Jedoch ist ihre Arbeit kein Fall von 'Neuling guckt sich ohne Kontext Problem an und löst es auf magische Weise'. Hier gibt es keine Magie, die Dame hat mit Knochenarbeit ~~die bis dato nicht vorhandene Theorie~~ das bis dato nicht vorhandene Verständis spezifischer Werkzeuge zum Lösen entwickelt - auch wenn sie lange Zeit nicht wusste, dass diese so anwendbar waren. Zum Vergleich: wenn ein neuer Boxer einen Champion umhaut geschieht das nicht, weil der neue Boxer gestern entschieden hat, mal Boxen zu lernen. Ich reite darauf rum, weil die Idee das Wissenschaft und insb. Mathematik 'Magisch' sei eine der größten Hürden ist, um es selbst zu lernen und daran teil zu haben. Edit: [Quanta Artikel](https://www.quantamagazine.org/graduate-student-solves-decades-old-conway-knot-problem-20200519/) ist besser.
It's complex, because it certainly isn't positive.
PSIKE
Schau dir die eigentlichen Proteste mal an - es ist ein Kult, kein Protest. Die sind da, um sich in evangelikal-ähnelnden Ritualen zu reinigen. Selbst die Stimmlage/Rhetorik wird aus Amerika importiert. Hier geht's schließlich um die neue Erbsünde. Dabei helfen, soziale Mobilität in Deutschland zu schaffen ist dagegen weniger spektakulär und hat auch nicht die Seelenreinigungswirkung. Was mich traurig stimmt ist, dass angeblich US-kritische Linke das übernehmen.
Wird noch spannend.
The first step is to sever ourselves politically from the US. In time, a European government and European public provide the garden in which European cultures may flourish freely.
Because that's the only way breaking up monopolies can work.
Everybody likes a a strong horse.
Unaccceptably *low*. Let them all go!
Let's call it what it is - a power play. It's a cynical attempt to leverage a real issue to gain personal power by making yourself and yourself only the 'offical' spokesperson on the matter. Thereby the person becomes the representative of the community, whether the community wants it or not. Quite often, this seems to go hand in hand. The next step is to consolidate power, shut down any internal opposition from the community you supposedly represent and become a useful endorser of politicians. None of this has anything to do with human rights, it's a pure grasp at political power. I hope Danes see it for what it is.
I believe there's the auditor's office, but I'm not quite sure if they have enough authority to do anything. This isn't exactly true for the EPPO either (national govts. have to agree to arrest anyone), but at least they're focused on financial crimes involving the EU budget.
We're not stupid, we're just stupid enough to make your accusations of our stupidity believable!
The goal is not humiliation, it's power over others.
They discovered our magic powers! **[ZAP!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKdxd718WXg)**
Wouldn't be the first time countries did stupid shit.
That's where the backroom dealing has to take over. It's equally impossible to have any deal without frugal consent, hence strong accountability is something they can try to enforce. They speak the truth if they claim it *has* to be accountable, otherwise it cannot pass at home.
Decolonise your heads from American cultural imports.
**He hath been chosen by the [manne with the grande hatte](https://media.newyorker.com/photos/590951be6552fa0be682be97/master/pass/pope-boro-post.jpg)!**
Why didn't we think of this particular 'Get out of Genocide'-jail card?
You're proving his point.
Not every country's politics operates on American principles. If you adopt their all-encompassing either for or against us rhetoric, you can only win if you secure majority support. You can try, but my bet's on the Murdoch machine jiu-jutsung your approach into hard-right Tory dominance for the next generation. For historical examples, note the civil rights movement in the US was followed by a reactionary revolution in the anglosphere that has made socialist policies entirely inoperable. All of this will be used against you, and you better have a plan to avoid that.
I certainly love to sing some Irish folk while showering!
To the Americans: he's dissing you, and you don't even see it. Learn your own history and read about the relevance of the olive branch petition. While a common metaphor, Andrew is being quite specific &amp; cheeky here.
&gt;[..] promote 18th century visions of a common future. If it's [Kant](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perpetual_Peace:_A_Philosophical_Sketch) ..
When will they learn?
It's not arbitrary, it's political. Those are two very different things. It can hardly be held against us wanting to decide for ourselves who to consider as part of our group and who not, i.e. a political body acting politically.
&gt;So it's arbitrary It's not. It's an explicit choice of decision making process. There is nothing arbitrary about creating a process which, according to the realities of member state politics, will exclude MENA countries, Russia and the Caucasus. This is not an unforseen consequence, it is by design.
Lisbon
It's rather standard for German civil servants of that level to at least speak English and French as well. Just switch it up if you get bored of one particular language.
Ach, man darf sich das aussuchen? Gut zu wissen!
