I'm AskJeevessexual
You're pretty good
Felt like a very weird selling point for a 24 year old...
Really?! What's your age range set to?
But acts 10 years younger than that
100% this. It's amazing how many first-year chefs I've met that make a poor bechamel or espangnole but because they passed that one culinary school exam with an 80 they never bothered getting good at it. It's what separates a career line cook and a chef
For anyone wondering, the show on the left is called Better Off Ted. It's fantastically dry humor. Definitely worth a look.
Pretty sure it's/u/sourpastelfox Her Snapchat is pretty great too. It's sourpastelxxx
The sock that got lost in her laundry machine is probably worth more than I am
THAT YOU HAD A BOYFRIEND
Yeah. That character is named Felix which is literally just a joke character that I think is supposed to be a satire of traps in anime. That or they just got lazy and threw him in because fuck it, neko-trap
Wait, how?
Who cares. Record it so we can cringe at it or it's not worth mentioning
For real, that core strength is ridiculous
Remember that edible paper? That shit was weird
Confirming, also living in Texas. E'ryone is most definitely a thing, even in Dallas. There's lots of east Texas people with the really stereotypical accent that say that, and fixin', and y'all'd've, and shit
It is
The problem with stuff like that in time travel is that by owning or even really heavily investing in something like Apple or Microsoft you're changing the future. If suddenly at the start of his career Steve Jobs was way more funded maybe he'd try something really out there because he could and it would end up being a massive flop and never would have been such a success. By doing something meaningless like buying 1000 bitcoins for only 8 cents a pop in July of 2010 then that doesn't change very much if anything but you still get your massive payout
The hell are you on about?
It was a musical first. It's called Dogfight and it's really good
I feel like /r/crazygirls would already be a thing
Probably nothing if they're still valve employees. Valve seems keen on just not making a new game ever unfortunately.
Yeah but then they'd actually have to pay designers, voice actors, testers, writers, etc. Its easier and safer just to take a cut from everything sold on steam and just chill. Not like we're going to leave steam anytime soon. What're we gonna do, go to Origin? I'd rather be Amish
Artifact isn't a real game, it's just hearth stone for dota. It falls under the same category of dota being not actually a valve original title, just something valve bought and are bankrolling. They're producers not developers
Depends on what you read. Really badly written books can be amazing when getting drunk with someone and taking turns reading in dramatic voices.
Nope, 5'9. Just very thin
Its a bee keeper. They probably do more for the environment every day than you ever will complaining about it on the internet
To be fair, Jotaro back in the day could probably have whooped it's ass pretty easily, but he was like 30 by then and probably didn't do much stand shenanigans since Dio.
And even then Jotaro was like "but wait dio, did you forget that Star Platinum is *complete* bullshit?! \*time stop sound*
Except you don't actually know what you're talking about because we're talking vegetable oil as a whole VS used vegetable oil used as biodiesel. Educate yourself before trying to be pompous because you linked the wrong epa article. [Try this one where they wholeheartedly promote it.](https://www3.epa.gov/region9/waste/biodiesel/questions.html) please don't be so misinformed.
Actually by then he was more like "..." because, you know, he was still dead for a bit.
Not with that attitude they're not. Its 2018 purpldevl, anyone can be a princess if they want to be.
Revolver "Revolver Ocelot" Ocelot
DOGGOS ON AN OPEN FIELD NED
\*Hand gesture*
Explain.
There's a difference between airborne flour in a mill and using flour to smother a grease fire. Someone's never worked in a kitchen
Peanut butter and pickle sandwich. It's amazing. I use butter pickles and smooth peanut butter because I think they work the best but it's your life, do whatever.
It's wrong either way since it can't be infinitely longer either since there's always going to be a finite amount of names and people. Eventually it has to stop. But keep telling us what's ironic.
A man only drinks that much when he's going to murder someone or ask a girl out
TETSUUUUOOOOOOO
Depending on the year he said that it could be really good or really bad. Like, if he said it during Mean Girls era Lohan then I'd buy some in a heartbeat.
5 months late but idgaf. Lafayette was the tits in that song. Shit was amazing. I also really liked King George's songs, I just love thinking of the most powerful dude in the world by far being a petty little manchild is great
Just tell less, smile more
Stay inside, lock you windows, don't use the toaster, avoid airducts
Ay man, he just asked how to avoid trees and the snakes that fly from them. I can't solve all your problems for you.
It was implied. If it wasn't, I'm still going to give that advice because it's good advice.
Even more accurate then
Take it way further and try to be Black Panther rich. He's the riches human in any comic ever.
Neither of those are worth as much as T'challa.
Someone has a fetish for literally anythiing you can think about and a ton of stuff you can't. If there's one thing that can't surprise me anymore it's what people get turned on by
Yeah but they also had 400 years to style on people, Nazis had like 15 years. Imagine how much cooler they could have looked down the line
As am I. It was a good show.
What? No, they're black. He's got an 8ball fracture (hyphema) due to two different car accidents, both caused by Murdoc.
That might have been an old fan theory. Like, old old, before a canon was established. One of those theories that was so widely held that people considered it not even a theory but the truth. But officially he has hyphema
Of course
That could be the tagline of Persona as a series.
You don't have to buy a single one. I've never smoked cigarettes in my life and have never bought a single pack (for myself at least). You can just go to their website and sign up. I'd post the exact link but I'm on mobile and a bit drunk at the bar soooo......yeah
Pretty much everything is weirdly innocent. Except Teachers random perversions and Professor Bitch in general
I mean, Hideoyoshi from Baka and Test is kind of ambiguous. It claims to be a guy but nobody else agrees. Plus they have a specific Hideyoshi bathroom so maybe it has it's own gender? It's 2018 now so identifying as Hideyoshi gender isn't *that* weird by comparison I guess
Because god forbid you have a friendship with someone outside your gender, right? Man, fuck off with that incel shit and develop a personality lol
We'd all rather talk in person but most of us have jobs and stuff that pulls us away so we can't always hang out. Do you not have a group chat that you talk shit with your friends and send each other shit memes and jokes?
&gt;Texting bitches that use you to get their attention meter filled. My god, how many fedoras do you own? How is platonic friendship with a woman that foreign to you? You know women have personalities and can be enjoyable without wanting to fuck them, yeah?
Nah, it doesn't look very one-sided. *pun intended*
I'm pretty sure you're trolling at this point but on the off chance you're not and you really can't find value in platonic relationships and equate it to work, seek help. That's some really sad shit.
Delta Sierra at 12 o'clock!
Nobody can ever really claim riot didn't put some work into their jokes and references.
You gotta get one of those going man, they're super fun
Or just call her Squirrel Girl and make a fun comic about her.
Absolutely this. Sometimes you have to step on people to get ahead in business. That's literally why the expression "it's just business" exists. It's not like he's malicious about it, he just wants his life's work to be successful and the only reason these guys are salty about it is because they don't have the drive to do it themselves so they'll never get ahead.
So talking to someone through text a few times a day is being someone's bitch? Are you my bitch since you keep replying to me? Is acknowledging friendship as something of value the same as a purpose in life? Your views are sad and you will be a virgin forever and I'm sorry for that. I will not reply anymore because even if this is a troll it echos some deep issues that you should have looked at. Good luck my dude.
Because the billionaire CEO like Bill Gates was the one who designed the product, manufactured the original, came up with literally every single idea that had anything to do with said product and put it out the world. Risked everything he had to make the product a success. The worker on the other hand just, what, sells it or puts it together? That billionaire earned their paycheck, the worker hasn't. Are you really saying that Bill Gates hasn't earned the money he's made? What, so you want him to divide up his money so that some random worker gets 100k a year for doing basically nothing? Fuck that communistic shit.
He also directed Chef which was awesome.
My ex-girlfriends?
Labor doesn't mean money and nor should it. Any jackass without so much as a GED and the thought power of a 12 year old can do labor all day and night, that doesn't mean they deserve tons of money. What Gates did was revolutionize the world and the way we use computers through ideas and that's worth every penny he's made. There's no reason the flow of money should stop when the risk stops, that idea is ludicrous, the risk he took was everything he had. He dropped out of Harvard and put every penny he had and a lot he didn't into his passion and brilliant and deserves the money he has.
Or yes
Oh you'll see.
Ah, I see you're well versed in foreplay.
I keep finding some at the bottom of shot glasses but I seem to misplace it after a little while.
Technically no. They're not advertising anything. It's just their account posting. They never mention anything about their brand other than the word pizza which means nothing.
Lol, you sound like the pro-communist shits that think they'll have high status jobs instead of working the fields (or rather trying to, in your case) like everyone else. Keep kidding yourself
Yo, have you had Dragons Milk by New Holland? Probably my favorite stout.
It's 100% worth the money though. You'll enjoy the fuck out of it
To be fair, cringeanarchy does the exact same but with the opposing side
Communism isn't liberal but some fucks disagree. If extreme lefts become """communist""" then extreme rights become """anarchists"""
Escaped..... garbage bins?
The only reason breast cancer awareness is a bigger deal than any other cancer awareness is because Susan G Komen makes so much money off of that scam so they promote the fuck out of it and get other companies to do the same for a take of the profits
The company you're thinking of is the Susan G Komen foundation.
CHEESE FOR EVERYONE!
Mount Fuji tipped with snow, It leans against the sky, It makes our dreams align
That's weird, I dont remember saying Killmongers plan was bad. His plans were fine, his methods were bad. He forced a challenge for the throne well after the window to do that was closed, he turned Wakandans against each other because that's what he was trained to do during his time in Spec Ops. It would have been easy for him to show up, go for the throne when the time was right, put tchalla down, then do his plan of helping black people all over the world. Not by arming ever person darker than Rashida Jones with a handheld laser cannon and letting them go wild, but doing real good. Like opening Wakanda to the rest of Africans, or doing actual humanitarian work. Shit, if he really wanted to fuck white people over he could have completely decentralized western economy by making a vibranium based currency that would make the American dollar look like a Zimbabwe dollar. I think people get too hyped up about his overall wants and goals to see how his methods are shit. The man had all the opportunity in the world and fucked it up
Except it is?
I've been doing that for decades! Smooth peanut butter, butter pickles, on potato bread is my favorite
Normally I'd completely agree with you but with a PB&amp;P sandwich smooth just works better imo
I completely agree. But I also inder ssed tend why they made the change for the movie because for the average person that plotline would be pretty out there so the balance thing was much easier to digest
Is this why it takes so long for my package to ship?! If so, I'll wait. They got better things to do. Just send me the videos
https://www.marthastewart.com/917415/make-souffled-potatoes-only-three-ingredients Do this
OP is Tormund
Obama was constantly called the antichrist, a dictator, a traitor, hell his very birth was question for years and still is to this day (pioneered by Trump himself, ironically enough) Trump himself was on Fox often to talk shit about Obama's with people like Glenn Beck. People actively called for his impeachment through his entire presidency. Dont act like this is a new thing
Honestly I think the debate never was healthy and it's completely due to our two party system. All it does is entrench people into their views so deep that they can't see anything else and they can't see their fellow Americans as people just because their shirt is the wrong color. Or even the wrong *shade* of the right color, whether it be far rights hating the center rights for being too soft or far lefts hating center lefts for being too complacent. Its just insanity.
I'm sorry, what?! Fox is undoubtedly the highest rated news network, hands down. In fact, is has been for 15 consecutive years. Not to mention WSJ and The Sun. It's definitely not hard to find that media. Though I'll agree that there are definitely more liberal outlets, that's inarguable, but to say the most viewed news station in America is low budget or you have to go out of your way to find it is absolutely ridiculous.
Not a movie, but James Van Der Beek playing himself in Don't Trust The B In Apt 23. Amazing role and an amazing show
Got a source on that or is that speculation?
Oh get off that super patriotic bullshit. Yes, he served his country and did very well, but that doesn't not make him a primadonna asshole who is complaining that he isn't getting special treatment. Rules are rules, he doesn't just get to skip ahead 4 years because he claims (seemingly falsely by word of his team) that he killed Bin Laden
Fuck off spambot
Because people dont care about a video that has nothing to do with the sub their in. Quit spamming, it doesn't make you gain views, it just makes people not like you
I'm more interested in what is it smelling.
*[Sonic Music Intensifies]*
Soldiers also have a very high suicide rate, should they not be allowed in the military either?
Nope, the opening is in German and sung by japanese people so it's not all exact. Its been a bit of a trend lately and I'm not sure why. The head villains theme in Kill La Kill was also in German. I'm pretty sure it's just because it sounds cool and menacing
*Active* being an opportune word. Vets have double the suicide rate of a person who has never served. The number still isn't nearly as high as transgender people, but their suicide rates are heavily influenced by laws that exclude and alienate them from things like being in the military. Suicidal tendencies and being transgender dont have a direct correlation, but the fact that transgender people are seen as lower people and treated as such by many means that suicide rates are going to skyrocket. If you want to make the argument about not wanting suicidal people around guns then we'd have to have a massive gun control lockdown across America as well, would we not?
Real question: if he has tenure can they actually do anything to him? I'm not actually sure how tenure works other than 'if you work there for x years you cant be fired unless it's something really major'
Do you just mail then back to yourself or can you actually go through customs with stuff like this?
Shes incredibly sweet too. Shes very genuine as well. Granted this is all from interviews and stuff but unless shes really really good at faking it then shes actually like that. Look up some of her stuff with another actress from GoT (Sophie Turner), they do a lot of stuff together and its adorable.
His cooled younger and really really high brother.
You cant spare one square?!?!
People talking about a small country in Africa
A homeboy is your friend. Its similar to saying buddy or pal but in a more ghetto way. For instance "Me and my homeboy -DotDotDot went and picked up some snacks for the show tonight."
It's *the* Christmas movie.
Like Australia. I only know that because of Wentworth
No you didn't
OREOREOREOREOREORE^^^O
The only paladin spell. #⚡D I V I N E S M I T E⚡
Of course they did. They're criminals, not monsters
Goat goat goat goat!
Goldfinger does a great cover of it too!
That man can hold everyone's liquor
That's probably why you get bad results. Stuff from Gamestop rewards were always cheap pieces of trash and unfortunately most of ThinkGeeks stuff these days is the same pr way overpriced. You can find pretty good ones online for like $25 that give similar results to the one in the picture
Hes also completley wrong in the naming system being stupid. A *tall* cup of coffee is a standard way of ordering a cup of coffee. Grande is a large cup of coffee. Venti is a *20*oz cup, which is why its named that. Same for the iced trenta size as it is 30oz.
I grew up super poor but would find change here and there and bought myself a pack of gum. People kept asking for some in middle school but I told them no because I knew it was the only pack I'd be able to get for a bit and I love gum. After a while of people pestering me I'd say they can have a piece for a quarter and to my surprise they said okay. I'd get the orbit Wintermint which has 14 pieces in it, I only needed to sell 8 pieces to recoup my money and the rest was profit. Eventually I got the dual packs which meant I only needed to sell 6 pieces per pack to make a profit since dual packs are cheaper. I did this until i had enough money to get my dad a really cool star trek plaque from my local nerdy shop for fathers day. It took a couple of months but it was worth it
The super"hero" you're thinking of is Spawn
If I had a group of the most feared and deadly soldiers on earth on retainer I'd have no plans of getting rid of them either
Vincenza Adultwoman
Imagine being such a fuck-up state that your government doesn't trust you to pump your own gas. You guys are like high schoolers with velcro shoes scoffing at people with laces.
Like a functional adult? Okay bud lol. Do they not like you have anything but safety scissors too?
Lol, sure. Keep telling yourself that
You've got a friend in *WRRRYYYY*
Pitter patter
Oh thanks, I needed some hard anxiety today!
For real. My girlfriend makes 3x more than I do and she pays for most things because she likes to. I try to most times but she either refuses or pays without me knowing. It used to make me really uncomfortable because I want to be able to pay for things too (which I do sometimes because I want to contribute too) but I also recognize that she knows how much of a disposable income gap there is between us and it's a way of her showing affection by "taking care of her baby" I'm still decently uncomfortable with it, but I accept it as love more now.
"I have more credentials then that" Bitch my last sous chef got his masters degree in nuclear engineering while in the navy and worked on a nuclear sub for years but the dude just really really likes cooking so that's what he does. You got better credentials then that?
There's a massive difference between seeing an attractive girl and just taking a secret picture of a girls ass in public because you're a pervert.
I feel like you're one of those guys who is really into 4chan and not talking to women. I'm sorry for your upbringing. Please feel free to repeat another 4chan tagline. I suggest something involving snowflake. It adds extra bite as its summer and it implies I might melt
Then keep the memory and don't take a picture like a pervert. That's the point. I get it though, reading comprehension must be hard with all that memory you have. Such a burden
Limes are also citrus. As is a grapefruit. You are a moron.
Wait, who's Jah?
No? That's literally what upvotes and downvotes are for. This doesn't contribute to the subreddit so it gets a downvote.
He actually asked for a discount for *more* than his petrol cost! The listing is for 100, he offered 70 because it'll cost him 25 to get there which means he's also asking for a fiver because fuck it
That's still 11.63 in freedom dollars. Well above US minimum wage
Same. The $17.70 above is in New Zealand dollars but that still comes out to $11.63 in USD so that's pretty fucking good
Why even compare it to a grilled cheese? It has none of the same properties other than being sandwiches. And even that might be a stretch. The thing actually looks delicious and I'd totally wat that (probably will make it in the near future) but why put it up against grilled cheese? It just makes it look worse
No wendys?! So you guys have never dipped your fries (or chips, rather) in a frosty? I'm so sorry.
I'm American so I had to look it up on Google maps, but fucking A that's only an hour trip if you're going there and back. That's $10 (£9ish) max
It's a thing they sell at Wendy's. It's like a really thick chocolate shake that's closer to soft serve than anything. It's really good and Americans dip their fries in it sometimes because the salty/sweet combo is fantastic
The economic boom was only for America because we weren't part of the battlefield at all. The only time we got hit was Pearl Harbor which was in Hawaii which nobody cares about anyways. If we got hit somewhere that matters we'd end up like Britain which went from the rulers of the world to nothing and no one
Oh fuck yeah baconator. It's just so American to have that much greasy, calorie fill, heart attack inducing joy in a single sandwich. And all for like 7 bucks. 11 with a large fries and frosty. God bless 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
And it's so good
Your citizenship card is in the mail. Welcome, brother.
I feel like you're saying good things but your tone reads as negative. I'm very confused
We don't dip things in milkshakes or ice cream, but frostys are different. I can't really explain how, but they are.
Thicker. Like, you CAN use a straw, but you'd need the sucking power of a 10 year veteran escort whose mother was a shop vac. Other than that you eat it with a spoon
That legit scared me lol
Never said 7 what though.
None of those actually float under their own power. Planes, helicopters, and drones gather great amounts of life through propulsion and fly, balloons and blimps (that also use large amounts of propulsion) get their ability to fly from either hot air or a gas that's much lighter than air, both are also forms of propulsion. This is the only material that is solid but can float indefinitely
Damn, that's some really subtile Death Stranding advertisement. You've done it again, Kojima!
Thanks man, I appreciate it. I honestly feel like I've wanted to do this for a while but always felt....weird about it. I got a history of stuff like this in my family and a big fear has always been going to a therapist and being told I'm going crazy or something so I never did it. My girlfriend is really the one who gave me the push. She made me feel like I deserve to be better and I think she deserves a better me. Its little bits at a time but progress is progress. Thank you for the advice and kind words
Oh that's much better than I thought. I feel like on TV they always charge like $180 an hour as a standard or something. I'll have to look into places around me but luckily I have some good insurance that I'm pretty sure would cover a good amount of it. I'm very glad to hear you're doing better. I know how hard it is taking the dive (working my way up there now) but it makes me feel much more at ease hearing how much its helped you
I forget where I heard it but someone once said that you don't truly know something if you can't explain it in a way your grandmother could understand
She went from dom to sub real fast
That was season 1 because I know exactly what you're talking about. It was the fight with Jason when Kanake (or however you spell that) finally snaps and goes all white haired bad bitch and smacks him down. That's the best scene in the whole show imo
Hes going to tell "ITS FUCKING EMBARRASSING" then kick a trashcan
I'd bet a lot of money that this person has never seen combat and a good amount of money that they never served to begin with
Its sarcasm you crusty unhooked sprinkler
And here we have the token edgy 13 year old
I'd rather be black than a gypsy Romanian lol
Probably didn't make it through bootcamp
It may not be *in your opinion* but the general consensus is that they are being a choosing beggar. Also the cut text were almost undoubtedly "CB: Hi, is &lt;blank&gt; still available? OP: Yes it is!" And that's all. If you can't be bothered to read an ad and then disregard the boundaries when they're told to you after lowballing then you are absolutely being a choosing beggar and a dick.
Then why cite rule 7? That's literally what it says
I know what the slash means, but you cited rule 7 as a reason this shouldn't be here, I disagree by saying rule 7 specifically states that being entitled *is* the same and valid on this sub.
I approve of this image.
Spirit Dick. The Yu Yu Hakusho porn parody
First year?
That's wild, because 8 months ago you said you were [in school and wanting to become a chef](http://imgur.com/gallery/qDWcNaQ) so you're either lying or you've actually put 14 years of work at 100% and have gotten nothing out of it. I'm inclined to believe the former.
Figure it out
Yeah, keeping up with all your lies must be difficult. Best of luck to you in your second year.
&gt;unappealing to both 5’8 line cooks I didn't expect to be specifically called out but yeah, I agree.
I'd rather Felt then Emilia. Obviously Rem Rem bestgirl but Emilia is definitely worstgirl
Imagine getting into any sort of accident with this thing. It would crumble faster than my self esteem at any social gathering.
Looks like it might be 8th and 41st to me. That building in the back looks like the times building. Across from the port authority
You're either here for the story or the plot
*locally sourced, fair trade, authentic vintage throw rug
Absolutely nothing.
Let's be real, Gendry called *her* daddy.
There was a root beer beer (not the Not Your Fathers Rootbeer, a local thing before those) that a friend of mine actually bought because he thought it was normal rootbeer and he likes mixing vodka and rootbeer. We each had one to see how it was and it was absolutely fantastic. I don't drink soda because it's so sweet and syrupy that it hurts but this was a really good mix. Plus it was like 7% but just tasted like a less sweet A&amp;W rootbeer which was pretty great
If it means a great deal, explain.
That has literally nothing to do with NBGO
Then explain. Because right it seems like you're either lost or a really shitty troll
Well if someone doesn't like you because you're short then they're probably not going to be what you're looking for anyways so its whatever. Move on and stop being salty
Unfortunately I don't. But it doesn't really matter because they stopped making them years ago apparently according to my buddy who would usually get those. It was some small local thing in the Dallas area.
&gt;Rule 2 - Provide a **trusted source**, **evidence**, and **effort** in your theories. Low-effort theories/posts will be removed. Glad to know the mods don't follow their own rules. Is this what "moderating" is?
The people not posting random nonsense that isn't even trying to be a theory for starters...
God do I know it. Have you heard of/been to a Raising Canes? It's a fried chicken place in the south that has iced tea so sweet that most people (even southerners who *loooove* their tea extra sweet) always advice only doing 20% sweet tea and 80% unsweetened otherwise your teeth will hurt from all that sugar
I love looking at 1 star Yelp reviews for places I like or have worked at because of this reason. It's always really dumb shit or flat out lies. I worked in a bistro before that I helped open and a couple months in they got a review saying that the soup was over salted and flavorless which the manager tasted and said he agreed and that they were mad that the resturuant changed into a bistro and changed the name. The issues being that 1) at that time the place had never served soup. 2) the manager (who was clearly a woman but they insisted otherwise in the review) would never, by law, taste a persons food at their table. 3) it's the only restaurant that had ever been in that space and had the same name since its inception. I'm 99% the person went to the wrong restaurant and was too embarrassed to say anything so they left a bad review instead.
So you make up rules on a whim and then post nonsense because you can? You're not a mod you're a child on a power trip. I'm not twisting words if I'm quoting the actual rules rather than what you decide to make up. Get over yourself. I'm done talking to someone who doesn't understand how moderating works.
I'm more surprised that they're still making spongebob episodes. Good for them.
For real. This guy is SS in medicine and MB could really use that, why is Kaz being so bitchy about it?!
There is no beat, no melody
Is there a subreddit about paint mixing? I'd absolutely love that
*you've been asleep for....nine years.*
They're sloths, they probably have pretty loose buttholes. Not a lot of stress in the sloth community. Probably at least
Its rhetorical though?
Qui
I live in Texas so they're pretty cheap. I also work in a restuaunt where we increased the price of avacado based stuff but more because of how insanely popular they are
I mean, I agree, but if I told you monkeys like bananas then it doesn't really matter if I'm talking about baboons and not gorillas though, right?
Can I be your bridesmaid? I'm a dude with a beard, but I'd look pretty as fuck in a dress with flowers in my beard
I feel like you're focusing way too hard on semantics
A buck 20 is still not bad depending on the size. How many are you really going to buy at once? 3-4? And that's like 4 lunches with some bread
Then use the whole avocado and some seasoning? Maybe two half of avocado on two different slices of bread? I'm not here to solve all your lunch related issues
As someone born and raised in Long Island, fuck yaself. Mainly because you're 100% correct.
Chronologically it goes MGS3&gt;MGS Peace Walker&gt;MGS5 (Including Ground Zeroes)&gt;MG1&gt;MG2&gt;MGS1&gt;MGS2&gt;MGS4 If it were a conversation about my penis I fear that it would be a too short of a conversation to last all night. Not a bad conversation, just short, sweet, and to the point. Though not as fulfilling as Metal Gear.
That is what happened but the user above was saying that nobody questioned it when Geralt *said* he killed him
Legally it is classified as one...
If they don't deliver it should be a permaban
Do you know which generation the poster is or are you just being an ass?
Which there are hundreds of. Technically any flash game counts as a game so you could play one of the millions out there.
I be you've never had a negative encounter with a cop but you just want to see #woke.
They start thinking that its unlimited money and buy absurd things that they can't keep and start throwing money out at people like it's going out of style.
Can confirm, I make bacon jam specifically to put on burgers at home
I *AM* THE BIG BANG
Is this knockoff Konosuba or something I dont remember
Actually it is
This is literally how mafias get started.
It's kind of both actually. Police forces were made by ruling classes that needed law and order enforced (starting with knights and such) and mafias started when government corruption and/or police negligence became too much for the people so they had their own "police" to protect their community. Didn't go great in the end, but still.
Dr. John S Quake.
Savory brownies it is!
But you know damn well that if you don't do it they'll just tell the FOH manager/chef that they need it on the fly and they'll tell you to do it. Fuckin FOH will always forget to ring shit in and expect you to cover them for it
Oh fuck that noise. There's only a couple of servers I've ever worked with that get shit "on the sly" only because I know they wouldn't be asking unless it was a big deal and they've always been great to BoH. It's amazing what a little respect and civility will get FoH if they actually tried it. Where I used to work there was one dude who always asked before making a really shitty ticket, was always very respectful to the kitchen (including the dishy, that's a big one for me), and owned up to their shit so I let most anything slide for him because he earned it but every now and again a shithead FoH would demand the same thing and I always told them "when you stop being a cunt you can get the same treatment"
How much money you have doesn't suddenly make you not liable for your actions. If a homeless man breaks someone's window hes not just going to walk around free like nothing happened. You don't know shit about law
Or $8.70 for those playing in America.
&gt;Glad I don't work in an "US" vs "them" place. Everybody fucks up.. Everyone works hard to cover for each other, regardless of department. That sounds like some FoH BS. How is FoH covering for a line cook who's in the weeds?
But I don't think Booker was as impactful as Joel or Ocelot
I believe that movie was called Small Soldiers and it was dope as fuck
That is my mistake, I was doing conversions wrong. Regardless of that the price in USD is still correct.
While true, uber eats has a way better app to navigate when drunk which is when I'm going to be ordering delivery 95% of the time
I dont know about that, I grew up in NY and lived there up until a little over 10 years ago and only saw the old blue and whites. My sister has those plates and shes only 27
Good on you man, keep up the fine work!
Its yellow gatorade or nothing for me. Also, who calls it by their actual names? Are you a cop or something?
That one is also S class
Well they certainly handle more privates than any drill sergeant
Wait, was that really a soundboard? I thought kaya was joking about that
So it really was a soundboard then?
Mega Milk
YES ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀YES ⠀⠀YES #⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀YES
I fuckin love almond milk. When I'm working as a line cook or bartender I always make a double espresso on ice with almond milk and simple syrup. It really gets me through the day without making me feel weighed down like real milk does
That's exactly why I made my paladin a half orc. All it takes is one nat 20 on the lich boss and I take out a city block with one boop
Anabel Porter has been talking about that. She says it's the hottest new craze
Don't forget that as a half orc the nat 20 is three times the damage dice, not two.
Who/what is alinity?
Look at mr big shot with a 10% success rate
Yuuuuuuuup So that means against an undead BBEG at level three I'm doing 1d8+8+3d8x2x3 If all goes well I can do a maximum of 240 damage to a single target in one action and I stun them if they happen to survive. AT LEVEL 3 My DM made a mistake allowing me to do this.
Such a great show. Is it still on the air? I remember forgetting about it for a year or two to find out more episodes came out but that was a while ago
Almost like there are 6500 languages on earth and just as many dialects for English alone that have different idioms!
That's not what a joke is.
Oh awesome! I've been looking for a new show for my girlfriend and I to get high and fall asleep to after a long shift and I think American dad would be perfect
We can always tweak the rules a bit
How wholesome! A civil discussion over snacks is always a delight!
What is this thing and why do I keep seeing cats go nuts for it? It seems like it would be uncomfortable
Glass at a nascar event? That seems like a bad idea. Even if it was a glass, Budweiser isnt clear
Emphasis on bro
Why? The bible is a book about a lich. Jesus rose himself from the dead to live eternally and did magic. Sounds pretty lich-y to me. If anything the bible might give him some tips
My girlfriend is asleep and I want her to wake up to memes that make her go "awwwww" so help me out
And a Miss GnomeBear is when you play DnD against a Wearbear gnome but roll low on a hit
Sounds to me like people got spoiled on their company trips since (afaik) spirit doesn't offer first class or business class
Morgz has 11 million subscribers, /r/youngpeopleyoutube has less than 600k members. That math doesn't add up chief
I am not. I am 5'9"
You're right, it's not like Burger King if you're investing all that time an effort. It's worse on you because if you had all that time to plan ahead and make arrangements but didnt take the 2 minutes to see what kind of flight you were getting, even though Spirit is well known for being the cheap option, then you're just being dumb.
Companies should also pay workers proper wages with benefits, but they're not shelling out money for that either. Why complain about flying for free? That's some real pampered nonsense lol
So is literally every job. You think a janitor is there because he likes cleaning up after people? You think people work 3 jobs because they want to? And you're complaining that you don't get to be in a first class seat but still get to fly for free because "its taking out of my personal life!" That's so petty lol
But being petty enough go turn your nose up at free transportation provided by your work because you demand better seatings absolutely is asking to be treated like royalty. Especially when it's not *your* time. You're on company time.
Actually that would be bringing a totally separate conversation into this one as we have never touched on the people who operate Spirit. If we are talking about the topic at hand then you still haven't replied to my comment about being dumb enough to not know what you're booking but still complaing about what you get for cheap.
K
Smol boi doing a big surprise!
Heard
I wouldn't be surprised if Doom played Doom on openning night
Shes like 60 and still brought more heat than you, you EZ bake oven of a person
Bots I assume
This is actually pretty demotivational
Chiral Ice!
Actually [this is his blue stake](http://imgur.com/gallery/mjVickJ) Edit: the guy above me fixed his typo but I will remain.
Season 1 is "bad" only when compared to the rest. Can't wait for his mind and soul to be blown by season 2
Its.....literally a blue stake tho
When does Gail get mentioned in Deadpool? I can't remember that scene
Did Em make a *faster* song? I haven't heard the new stuff
Either you're being a pedantic dick or you're in middle school.
Check out The Lighthouse. Its great and really shows him off.
I mean...
I assume he can't reach it
You've Got Mail came out in 1998 tho
The Humanity video is a perfect example since his eyes were white and he was acting super weird until he fell at the end and his eyes changed back and he didn't know how to rollerblade anymore (fuck this lore is weird lol)
You've made me look like evil Mr. Clean. I like it. Thanks for giving me a six pack though.
I actually kinda love this. Theres really good flow, the energy is contagious, the visuals are insane in a fun way. No fuckin clue what he(?) Is saying, but I fuck with it
This definitely proves he's a complete incel neckbeard who owns an awful barbershop that employs a huge racist bartender that was on camera punching a women in the face 5 times, but that doesn't prove the my little pony fanfic thing
Ah, Schrodinger's pedantry
Because people in stuff like /r/personalfinance *totally* know what they're talking about 100% of the time. Just like /r/LegalAdvice is *definitely* only answered by actual lawyers or even people that actually know laws.
Well that's a stupid take because theres lots of videos of people literally standing on their own porch filming for a while (since a fucking APC is going down american residential streets) and a riot police officer starts shooting at those who are filming from well within their own property. You're not supposed to deep throat the boot.
So Erzsébet? Gotta get that big titty goth bp
I love the fact that you start out feeling bad because you kind of get why shes doing these things, then it spirals down into "fuck her, she needs to go down" and back up to wanting her redemption. Such brilliant writing.
Such an amazing show that really makes you feel good about yourself. The amount of representation in this show is astounding and it never feels like it's their entire identity. Theres lots of LGBT people who are complex individuals who happen to be that sexuality. Something that I never see people talking about is the fact that we see plots from both sides of war and theres many times where there will be a major event on one side that the others cant possibly know about and they DON'T. So many shows make their characters almost omnipotent when it comes to huge changes but in She-Ra people continue talking on the other side as if that change never happened because for them it hasnt yet. It's such a small detail that so many shows mess up on.
Do you have a link to that? Your previous one didn't say anything about that
When I watched Whiplash for the first time I got about halfway through before I was 100% certain that it was going to end in a murder-suicide. Such an amazing movie.
Why not? They had Geralt go to Monster Hunter and soul caliber. I see no reason they couldn't have her pop up for a couple seconds in a side mission of their own IP
You guys have fire?!
CD Projekt Red actually owns the rights to Witcher in video game format actually. Sapkowski said in a 2017 interview that he sold them the rights for a lump sum and when he was offered a percentage of profits he said no because he didnt think there would be any profits. He regretted that but in that same interview they discussed that their agreement has been reassessed and he's much better off now. That being said, it seems they can absolutely add Ciri in for a quick cameo if they wanted and don't even have to consult Sapkowski (though we know they 100% would) Link: https://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2019-12-21-cd-projekt-and-the-witcher-author-andrzej-sapkowski-ink-new-ip-rights-deal
I would say *especially* if you're a devout Christian.
I don't imagine Sapkowski was very particular in the rights he was giving to CDPR since he was 100% certain that it would never take off, especially when he specifically said that he thought video games were "stupid" and he only sold the rights "for a big bag of money", but nobody really knows. If I remember correctly the part where they say Ciri wouldn't be in Cyberpunk 2077 wasn't an official stance, it was Adam Badowski saying he was against it a while back where as Marcin Iwiński said he disagreed and hoped Badowski would change his mind and he said he might. It definitely seemed that they absolutely *could* put her in Cyberpunk, Badowski just didnt want to but it's not entirely his decision so we'll have to see.
Please elaborate.
Kanna isn't a witch tho, shes a dragon.
I feel like this is a very clear cut thing. Unlike real life their age doesn't actually matter, ir just depends on if they look like an adult. You can say this 8 year old is actually a 500 year old witch and you can say this girl who is 5 foot 7 with F cups is 14, but only the latter is okay to jerk off to (if your into that, no judgement)
That beginning bass line is so crunchy, it always gets me hyped
"You will always remember this as the day you almost caught Tai-sa Nobushi"
They definitely are. Being sentient just means being able to feel and recognize emotions including joy, fear, pain, etc. Many also form platonic bonds which is a good indication.
Yeah man, sentience is wild. Technically a TON of plants are sentient because they feel pain but that's up for debate.
But you actually need to cut their treats sometimes so they don't choke. Pugs have some of the worst inbreeding of any dog and it comes with massive respiratory problems (as well as numerous others be we'll be here all day if we start talking about that) so they can easily choke on treats for other dogs of their same size especially with their stunted snout. I know I'm taking this entirely too seriously but I had a pug for a long time that I found on the side of the road and he was amazing but had so many problems that people ignore.
Woah my dude, pump the breaks, it's an old copypasta. Seems like you got a whole italian meal there
Ayy no worries my guy. Its almost impossible to tell sarcasm on here, especially if it's a laugh at a copypasta
Hell, I'm not a terribly cultured american but even I know Monet and Renoir and stuff. Water Lilies are my shit.
And undercover cops as that would defeat the purpose
While true, he also said "There should never be any case where an officer can act anonymously on their job" to which the user above pointed out when they out another cop for breaking the law and I also put in the undercover cops. Which technically is a uniform and definitely on duty
I hope not. I like having toes. I hope we lose the toe nails though, those things are useless.
I dont know why you're being downvoted. You're probably right, they're definitely taking the piss. Still cringey as fuck and someone should probably call the authorities, but still.
Dont get me wrong, it's still cringe as fuck, but for different reasons than many people are making it out to be
You stole it to my dude chill lol
Well this is rather yonic....
Spoilers obviously &gt;!Korra gets completely broken by Zaheer mentally and physically as shes wheelchair bound for a while.!&lt;
Honestly I think you got an optimal experience with it then. It would have been good to know the characters from the original beforehand, but a lot of people say they really didn't like Korra and I think its because they're seeing it as Avatar The Sequel rather than it's own show that also follows an Avatar who has to go through completely different things than Aang did.
Wait there's a series in between them?!
He did though.... it's well known that he had sex with Stromy Daniels. You don't pay someone $130,000 in hush money for something that didnt happen
It's a drawing bruh. She looks adult and that's all that matters.
Because you believe he didn't despite evidence? Edit: Nah nevermind, this boy thinks trump is the best president and The Proud Boys aren't racist. No need to comment further on this neanderthal.
I always hear it as portal catra. It's just such a good hey adora
*I ain't get no justice cuz of y'all, y'all ain't get no sleep cuz of me*
Yeah but....they got jet skis. I'd take covid if they gave me a jet ski too. Pot too would be cool, but I can bring my own as it's legal here.
OP said their barbarian stood infront of them to protect the ritual
That honestly bothers me so much
I used to work at a starbucks in a target when I was 18 and there was this little old korean lady who was sweet as all hell but came in every night around 7:30 and ordered 7 shots of espresso over ice. No milk, no sugar, just espresso and ice. She must have been in her late 50s. No idea how she did it
Generically racist stuff about George
I dont think that means it passed as funny back then, you were just 12. Same stuff like that from this year get posted every day by 12 year olds.
And Inuit for the water tribe.
Hes definitely indian, but Buddhists also believe heavily in chakra and reincarnation. It makes sense as they're close to each other
Actually I believe all the dalai lamas after the first take the name gyatso
There was likely some influence since it was part of China for a couple thousand years
I think its because Rhett is usually more positive about things and Link can be kind of a downer since he hates pretty much all food except cat food Edit: so my opinion on what OP asked just gets downvoted? Lol ok
That one is really up for debate. The three kingdoms of korea were considered their own separate entities but still under china. It's kind of like the US has a lot of states and have individual rules for certain things and identiies but they're still part of the US. There was also a lot of complication through the millennia with china as there were so many regime changes in both countries it was hard to say who was with who at the time.
Shin Chan was pretty popular back in the day and shows that kids dick probably once an episode.
&gt;A straw man (or strawman) is a form of argument and an informal fallacy based on giving the impression of refuting an opponent's argument, while actually refuting an argument that was not presented by that opponent. How was it not a strawman if the person is arguing a point of people shouldn't be calling this incel when nobody actually said that?
No surprise she didn't get the spicy.
For fucks sake please do. Your government may be shit but ours makes you guys look like a god damn utopia
I have an old steel kettle that has been in my family for about 100 years, it makes the best damn tea I've ever had. It's not even nice or anything, its just one that my great grandpa had and his son kept it when he came to america, and my dad loved it because he grew up with it and making tea every morning for 40 years after he got out of the military and now I have it since he gave it to me last year. Maybe it's the material it's made out of, maybe it's a weird rust that I like for nostalgia, I don't know. All I know is I'll never get another kettle
I just imagined that Rogelio, Kyle, and Lonnie got "drafted" into the Horde after they were born and named. We certainly know Shadow Weaver is totally down with child soldiers. They probably just wipe out the adults of any given town and take the kids in for training. It would be too much of a hassle to rename them at that point
Literally nobody asked.
God forbid anyone not be a part of the echo chamber of hate and would like to understand why its hated. If you say anything good about Lawbro (or just not negative) in this post you get downvoted, if you say anything bad or not positive about Hito you get downvoted. So much salt
But it's also an instakill. I feel like if it's an instakill it should be something that is difficult to pull off otherwise its busted as hell.
Yeah it looks pretty shit. I like the fact that we can't see his face. It makes him more intimidating as a character. It's the same reason we should never see Lawbringer or Conqs face. Plus the rest of the armor just looks....flat. it has no personality. I get that it's more historically accurate or whatever, but I'm playing a game where a samurai is fighting a highlander while his crusader buddy is taunting with lightning hitting him. I'm here for the dope looks, not accuracy.
Fireflask isn't an instakill. And spear storm is absolute bullshit, but that's not what we're talking about. We're talking about the change made to Hito which definitely isn't impossible but is quite difficult to do. Which, again, it's an instakill so if you do pull it off you just win which if it was easy would be extremely broken.
Erzebet is the big titty goth gf and Hulda is her mother that makes wildly inappropriate passes at her daughter's boyfriend that may or may not actually be a joke
I completely agree. Showing their face makes them much less interesting. It also helps to assume they have no gender other than war.
I don't want to talk about it.
Honestly same. It's just kind of meh. It's not *bad* but it's not terribly good either. You have to add so many modifications that are off menu for it to be alright.
Eh, who cares. Let them have their bland burger and praise it lol
Yeah he does, the man has a Porsche 911 Carrera 4s. Ain't nothing to scoff at
Not all stainless steel is the same and if the knife you're buying doesn't specify what grade they use then its probably one that has low carbon which means it's going to be soft and shitty like 420J steel or AUS 6. What you want is something like S30V or, if you're willing to shell out some really cash, S90V. A friend if mine, who is a oldschool redneck from east Texas, loves pocket knives and got a Benchmade 940-1 that uses S90V and god damn is it one of the most consistently sharp pocket knives I've ever held. I've seen straight razors that are more dull. It costs like $240 and takes incredibly patience to sharpen, but once you sharpen the thing it *stays* sharp for ages. That aside, the aluminum handle is bad for a couple of reasons. It's profile is that of a full tang knife which would give it balance, durability, and weight, but since the handle is hollow it gets none of those benefits. That also means the blade is probably affixed on their with (hopefully) welding or (hopefully not) gluing which means it could snap off or even pop off easily. The handle itself looks uncomfortable to use for any extended period of time too. Seems like it would give you blisters if you were to use it in any actual survival environment (which it markets itself as something to use like that) within about 30 minutes
From what I understand it's a lot like other talent based job like singing, acting, or making youtube videos. It varies wildly depending on how good you are, if you serve a niche others aren't (or at least aren't doing as well), and most importantly how much exposure you have. It doesn't matter if you look like Scarlett Johansson doing some of the sexiest things on the internet if nobody knows you're doing it.
Thats....actually more gross to me than if it were glued on. Gluing on the blade shows me you don't really care and are going for profits over quality. They took the time and effort to make the threading, perfectly line it up on both sides, bolt it on, file the bolt down so its decently tucked away, only to make an extremely shitty knife. They put *effort* into deliberately making trash. It would have been so much easier to make a full tang knife and glue a compass to the bottom of the hilt and it would have been a much better knife.
I definitely wouldn't call a rotary engine obsolete or a failure in anything except commercial sales. It's a beautiful engine that works perfectly and can out perform pistons
It is true what they say women are from omicron persei 7 men are from omicron persei 9
This dude is clearly making satire, the fuck is wrong with you people?
I feel like parrying should be hard as balls, if it was easy nobody would even attack with anything other than unparryable weapons. It just makes a turtle meta that isnt fun for anyone
For sure the netcode has always been absolute trash
Hey man don't kink shame
And, correct me if I'm wrong, but if a person with very dark skin has a kid with an albino that kid is likely to still be very dark because if the albino comes from a dark family its still in their genetic code, the code their body runs off just got a little messed up.
...I'm aware of what albinism IS but, after some research on it to educate myself better, its caused by melanocytes mutating in the body. Melanocytes are protein cells that produce melanin, which is what gives skin pigment as well as eye colors, and several genes give instructions to those melanocytes to give pigment based on what your parents had and their parents and so on. With that being said, we can conclude that the genes still carry the instructions your parents had to make you a certain pigment, but your melanocytes don't know how to do it, which means when that person has a kid they pass on the same instructions in their DNA but most likely won't pass on the mutation in their melanocytes thus making the baby whatever color it would be if one of their parents didn't have albinism. Thank you for coming to my TED talk.
I'm on the mission you fight him right now as much first storymode playthrough. I'm on realistic and it's a pain in the ass lol
I'm currently going through the campaign for the first time and since I've been playing For Honor on and off since beta I figured I'd throw it on realistic for the rewards. I'm on the last Viking mission and fuck is this stressful. Not the enemies, but unlearning the updates and relearning old stuff. I think Holdens mission took me the longest because I've played LB so much that the old one just doesn't register in my brain anymore.
That game was a beautiful mix of weird/stupid, and fun/interesting. We won't see another like it
That prognosis was about as grounded the fucking ISS. Foh
Because I don't act like every 15 year old on tumblr who just diagnoses people without any actual knowledge of the person or medical training? Shit pal, I guess so then.
So anyone who doesn't agree with you and calls you out on being a tumblr kid is angry? Mkay lol
Okay buddy lol
I thought a lefthand salute was a huge no-no in the military unless you're missing your right arm. And maybe its because I've never served, but does that uniform look really off to anyone else?
Wait, why is it a higher charge to rob somewhere at night?
It's never worth the risk, but I'd say getting a very solid chance at a highly valuable firearm is much more worth the risk than possibly getting a hundred bucks in cash. Not only can it fence for quite a bit but you now have a free gun that you can do whatever you want with and not have any consequences if you toss it somewhere.
Oh shit I'm just dumb. Ignore me lol
This is some tasty pasta
For real, this kid is going places.
Both? Sea Hawk dating Sea Hawk sounds *exactly* like something Sea Hawk would do. God they'd burn so many ships together. There would never be another navy.
It's super important.
Breeding is fine, but certain breeding is not. As much as I love pugs, they should have never been bred to their current form. They have horrible genetic disabilities that kind of make their existence suffering at times. That being said, responsible breeding is important to keeping a species going. That's also why its import to spay and neuter your pets, it keeps overpopulation from happening as well as ensures that responsible breeding is the majority of breeding done.
Shes not a bad actress either.
He's allowed to not be in prison?!?!
no u
Yes.....yes it should. If you openly admit to doing shit like this you're a piece of shit. Don't support pedophiles. It's not like it's a different dude that had that THIRTEEN YEAR OLD blow him. The chris brown that beat the shit out of Rihanna and the chris brown that makes shit music is the same dude too. Get your head out of your ass.
I understand why those exist because it's supposed to be a "look at how easy it is to fix the hole in this furniture using cheap materials! It's like new!" And that's pretty cool I guess, but this is fucked
Because its rad as fuck?
Theres definitely stupid ones now, but I was more answering the question of why they exist in the first place
#LOS TIBURON RIDES AGAIN
Man you are so salty at reddit. It's not a reddit opinion that you shouldn't support a pedophile. It's not a reddit opinion that he had a 13 year old blow him. It's not a reddit opinion that chris brown beat the shit out of Rihanna several times. If you support them you're encouraging their behavior by saying theres no consequence to their actions. It's no different than saying "oh man, I really hate this politician because he's done horrible things, but I'll still vote for him". I never said its the same morality, you're just throwing up strawman after strawman because you don't have an argument other than "Fucking childish redditors I'm better than other people who use reddit!!!!1!1!!!" And again, you really should get your head out of your ass. Maybe then you could educate yourself on anything. I'll take another angry downvote thank you ;) But hey, you're 16, I'm sure you'll look back at some point and realize you're wrong. Hopefully.
How much? I got feet too
For real. If you're challenger you're almost guaranteed lots of views on twitch. If you're even somewhat interesting you can make *BANK*
AND Circa!
That one would be fun. The muscle memory alone would mess you up until you figure it out
That sounds pretty rad. Why the tent?
This is almost exclusively what I do when camping. I also bring my trust cast iron skillet for breakfast eggs and such, but I *LOVE* a good campfire burger. And some campfire potatoes with onions and garlic. So fuckin good.
Same. Especially if I'm focused on something else and it's a bit cold I look like I have a very large clit. My girlfriend likes to poke it like a button when its like that. That usually gets at least a semi chub so her fun is short lived in that respect.
He wasn't really being an asshole. He was just saying "who cares if it's stupid, its fun" because that's why we're on this sub, to learn useless talents and/or to watch other people do things for no other reason than out entertainment. Maybe don't take it too seriously? Not everything requires retaliation.
Some people just want to be angry. That's no way to live
I've heard them called several things. Whatever you call them I want them!
Yes several! First off, make sure you season your cast iron well. Like, really season that bitch. In one day of seasoning I went from a shitty cast iron that every stuck to and about a half inch of carbon buildup on the sides to a beautiful smooth cast iron that eggs slide around in even without oil (though you should definitely use oil) No matter where you're cooking it, make sure you have the right material for your tools. Plastic is great, but my go-to is a flat top wooden spoon (sometimes called a wooden turner) for my eggs because it's amazing for making scrambled eggs and since its wood it'll never get hot until it's on fire. And if you season your cast iron well you'll never need a spatula for your eggs unless you want them over easy. If that's your bag bring a spatula. If you've never put tahin on eggs you're missing out. It's amazing. Butter us waaaaay better than oil when you're cooking eggs too. It gives them a nice rich, nutty flavor. If you're also cooking bacon, cook them together or at least cook the bacon then the eggs, the bacon fat is great for the eggs and even better for the cast iron! If you need help seasoning your cast iron well, theres a great walkthrough in the sidebar of /r/CastIron that is perfect. And if you're cast iron is really bad and you need to nearly strip it, SOS pads are your friend. If it can't be cleaned by an SOS pad and lots of elbow grease then it was not meant to be clean
Those videos made by the manufacturer never work, definitely check out the guide on the subreddit, it works beautifully and will make a world of difference in a day that'll last a decade
If I were gay I'd finally be brave enough to wear the outfits I want to wear but don't think I could pull off. Some day.
Most don't have half of these
Unfortunately the real reform for police and the surrounding corruption is going to take quite some time to lay out because it's a really delicate situation. The drink part probably was something easy throw out to help people who are already doing it not lose their liquor license. With the 15x overcharge, that same exact logic could be applied to any bar. It's more of a matter of you're also paying for the rest of the ingredients of the cocktail and the ability to have a cocktail with a rarely used, but very tasty, liqueur that you don't want to have a bottle forever for. Plus someone else makes it for you. I mean, nobody is stopping you from doing it yourself to begin with.
Nope, it has to be super fresh and perfectly ripe. Even then theres so many variables with pomegranates that theres no real right way to do it. A fun fact for your troubles: We get the word Grenade from the french word for pomegranate which is also spelled grenade (but pronounced gre-nahd). Its called that because originally grenades were just metal balls with dozens of ball bearings in them which resembled a pomegranate and its seeds!
Or you could have acted like an adult and looked it up in the first place... Or hell, you could have even asked for a source. Or done anything at all.
&gt;What makes you think that some group of friends can not get a good laugh from filling their friends room with balloons? I don't understand what you mean here, I was literally advocating this exact thing as a good prank that everyone could enjoy...
So you don't think its disrespectful to say someone is completely wrong about something you don't know about because you'd rather do that then actually look it up yourself? Okay buddy. It's also exactly how people interact, you're just doing it wrong. Theres plenty of times where a thing is posted, someone says "what's this from?" And like two minutes later someone replies with a source. It's not that hard.
Lol, how is it a meme? I'm clearly not taking the internet seriously, I'm just making fun of you for being upset and acting like you're 14 lol
It was probably Angella naming her Glimma but due to her accent everyone assumed she said Glimmer and she's been too embarrassed to say anything
And for Bakugo that's a pretty tame insult.
That's how science works though. You make a statement with the evidence you have that seems conclusive, then you find something solid that contradicts or alters that first statement so you revise what you said. Probably do that 3-4 times until you get it right. Or you could do it the normal American political way and make a statement without evidence and plug your ears and scream until the people saying it's not true go away
I dunno, it seemed like if you were a middle class white man in your 30s-50s then the 50s were an amazing time in america.
Not yet technically but we did see the future in which they are and since it's a tv show that has ended we have to assume their present is at least the point where they're married
God that was such a fucking good show.
It could very well be, but I assume because of the reality fuckery that was going on at the time we saw the future of Adora and Catra. Either way that's definitely where it was headed even if it wasn't that exact scene. Man, all I want is adora and catra to be happy. Those fucking characters got me so invested that I just want the best for them.
I lived in a cold environment my whole life and feel confident in a hoodie. Also it has additional pockets which are always useful even if I never use them.
Pyke too stronk lol
How so? A fanbase can't ruin a show. Unless of course you only like things that seem cool to like.
Its them gott damn chem trails I tell you hwat
Boomerang always comes back!
I respectfully disagree. Its cheese, bread, and butter. Nothing wrong here. A quesadilla is just Mexican grilled cheese.
It's completely useless because by the time you've found all those gems you're likely to have tons of money and top tier gear.
While I agree in theory, these seems way too short work work like an old fashioned pizzeria cutter as well as those kinds of cutters usually have either a straight handle or curved upwards, this one curves down which would really mess up the pressure you up on one side
This doesn't belong here at all
This has been bothering me all night. I think it might have started with a P but I can't be sure.
God damn it, that's it. My girlfriend and I are a little drunk and she's been ranting for like 20 minutes about this material she couldn't remember and I didn't even think to ask if it was fiberglass because it's so common lol. Thank you
Who is this?
Its definitely not racist. Someone's hair color is much much much different than skin color. Definitely a dick move though
I'll check her out, thanks!
Those headers actually look pretty nice too. Very clean
Huh. I never noticed neither Aang nor Korra used lightning. Could have really helped Korra quite a few times I think
And a certain kind of assertiveness Aang didnt have!
I loved Voltron! I was disappointed with the last season though. They really shat the bed with the LGBTQ+ community. The representation in Dragon Prince is amazing. General Amaya is my favorite. I've been learning sign language recently with the help of my girlfriend who knows it really well and it's been fun being able to kind of understand what she says sometimes without Gren. I had to google a couple that Gren didn't translate though lol I just love that never once does her being deaf be seen as an impairment. Shes a bad bitch who will fuck you up and everyone knows it and respects her. I also love that she can have a purely platonic love for Gren and he platonically loves her too. I'm just sick of shows always pushing two characters into a relationship because they show each other basic kindness and affection. Between She-Ra and Dragon Prince it's so fucking refreshing to see proper LGBTQ+ representation. Nobodys character is that they're gay, or trans, or anything. Nobodys sexual identity is even mentioned because it doesn't matter. Any mention of anything queer is passed off casually in the same way every other show talks about straight relationships. Nobody even made a thing about Double Troubles pronouns! It was understood that it was they/them and everyone just went with it, even Shadow Weaver.
God that future seems beautiful. I feel like we're moving towards that at an exponentially increasing speed but we still have a ways to go. I think we'll get there in my lifetime and I'm so fucking excited for it. Rome was gay as fuck. Sexual identity in ancient rome didn't really exist. You'd have your wife, but you'd also fuck other dudes casually because why not it's fun. Many higher ups in society at the time would almost exclusively fuck other dudes for political reasons and only have sex with their wives for procreation. The bible is also pretty gay. I'm just saying, Jesus spent like a decade walking around with 12 other guys and a prostitute. They definitely had some cold nights where the warmth of another man was reeeeeeaaally inviting.
I think they did meet when DT was captured for a bit. Even if they didn't I know for a fact that Shadow Weaver talked about them and used the correct pronouns. I'm less surprised about Hordak. He's a dick but not, like, evil evil.
And the index finger. Who doesn't start with the middle finger?!
Wrong Hordak started as a good guy though. Or at the least a neutral guy since his connection was severed when we met him. Right Hordak didn't have much of a redemption arc but he still had one.
Shes beautiful!
Please ignore this guy. He's a desperate downvote farmer.
Or at least not so soon in the call. It's a pretty bold openning even for Michael tbh
I can almost only see WW as Warwick so I was really confused at what you said for a minute lol
Elderwood Ornn is still coming out though. Why not both?
It would be such a waste of the strongest beard in the league though! Zil might have a longer beard, but that doesn't make it better
I'd say more like for every 1 lunatic theres probably a dozen fine people. I have a few friends that do art commissions on the side as a hobby and at one time or another they've all had furries commission some art from them (some nsfw stuff but mostly sfw) and they all say they're the best customers. They never try to haggle, always extremely understanding of a delay for whatever reason, either very specific in a helpful way in what they want or give enough info that a "do what you think would be good" isn't a headache, and they recommend friends.
Well of course that's all you see. If you're on cringe subreddits and not furry subreddits there would be no reason for you to see the average furry. Most are pretty alright. I know a few people that do art commissions for some side cash and they tell me furries are their favorite kind of customer. They don't haggle and try to underpay you, they understand art takes time, and they usually leave good feedback and recommend artists they like to others.
Because riot hasnt hired me yet
Same with cooking. I've ran kitchens for years now and I've had so many people who love cooking at home try to make a career out of it. It's usually a house wife/husband or a young person who went to culinary school (some bs like LCB) because they didn't know what else to do. If I need bodies and it's the slow season I'll give them a shot on garde manger because it's easy and they can get trained up. 9 times out of 10 they realize that cooking at home is fun and easy and chill whereas kitchens can be incredibly stressful and fast and frustrating. I got a couple of pretty good cooks out of it and one that was my star. She was a mid 40s housewife from the Philippines who just needed something to get out of the house. She struggled hard at first but picked up quick and ended up being one of the best cooks I ever had. Always very upbeat, did her job so well and on time that I never even looked at her station, was always willing to help other stations that would struggle with prep, and never touched drugs (except the occasional blunt) and drank only rarely. We'd all go out to a nearby bar after a real shit shift and she'd usually tag along but would just get soda or tea to hang out unless we were celebrating or it was once in a blue moon. I don't think I'll ever find another like her.
It's a love-hate thing tbh. I've been working in kitchens since I was 16 and I absolutely love cooking, even professionally, but I also hate it because of how stressed it makes me on a daily basis. Though at this point I have no other skills other than cooking and sarcasm so I'm pretty much stuck here for life lol Certainly not bad though, I've worked with lots of big names (two of which have their own episodes on Chefs Table on netflix) that have taught me some insane shit. I'm 95% sure it's why my girlfriend puts up with my shit even though she's waaaaaaaaay out of my league.
Let me know when its posted
Definitely stick your dick in crazy, it's the most fun, just don't keep your dick in crazy. Also never let them know where you live. Or real name if possible.
Soooooo it's a threeway I guess? I'll bring the lube if you want to bring the music. I prefer Barry Manilow
I've always wanted a living fire like that. It would be so convenient and its basically just recycling!
So Food Wars?
Ah, a fellow ramen connoisseur
Bet. Show your work.
I would 100% report this to the police. This is seriously fucked and this person should have their dog taken away and be blacklisted at adoption agencies (both animal and human tbh)
I've done it, I would not recommend it.
Ah Launch, the reason I love crazy girls.
Will 900 trillion in your bank account you could probably buy every country on earth and have enough to buy the moon while you're at it. I'd 1000% do this to become king of earth.
Just because he's scared as shit doesn't mean he didn't want to do it. Nobody is forcing him to do it, he's doing it because it's something he wants to accomplish. The dude is brave as fuck.
A few times
Interesting that you say that for someone who calls people on the left and BLM supporters in general the equivalent of Nazis and almost exclusively post on r/conservative and r/donaldtrump But sure buddy, you dont seem to have a bias at all.
Yeah, that wasn't jokes. But keep dickriding him I guess. But I'll warn you, he doesn't seem to be into people older than 12
Still crazy that he didn't even attempt to validate the claim of 5 mil followers. That just sounds like a made up number. Really depends on the business though. I've worked in chains and standalone restaurants. This place is a chain owned by Darden (who own olive garden, red lobster, seasons 52, etc) so they probably don't give a fuck but if it was a single own place they'd probably just say no and walk away. I remember when vine was a thing and I was part time bartending and a lady comes in and asked if she could get a free drink because she had 200k followers or something and I said no so she demanded to speak to the manager and he just told her no and we she threw a fit he just told her to fuck off and leave. God I miss that place.
Oh my god I forgot that abortion of a movie existed lol
&gt;I'm so desuuuu I'm so is? The fuck is that supposed to mean?
Why the fuck not? I usually get the cheapest hotel possible (within reason, still gotta be clean) so I can spend more money on the vacation itself. All I need is the bed to sleep in anyways
That's less likely than someone getting injured by a long shot. They have cameras that could prove his innocence and a team of lawyers. The video exposing her lying would make the rounds faster because of the drama fueled part of the internet. At the end of the day liability is king and he fucked up. Imagine how many little shits are going to go into their restuaunt and try to do a backflip for free food. If it's even just 1% of her supposed total then that's still 50,000 kids trying it. You think they all know how to do a backflip?
I have an issue with your first point as a lawsuit is equily likely in either event but only one leaves you legally at fault and its not the one where you let a tiktok person backflip on your property. I completely agree with your second point though. That's definitely a happy medium in an ideal world but much harder to actually do on the spot. Especially since if I were that manager I'd think "well if I let this nobody get a free meal then a bunch of kids will do the same because of tiktok" Although we may disagree on the right coarse of action I think we can both agree that it's a real shit situation to be in as the manager. There's no "right" answer to shitty people like this, just more right in certain perspectives.
Historically, yes, white people colonized everything. Your response with "it's like calling random mexican criminals and illegal" is horribly stupid and very racist as one is a historic fact that is the entire reason America and Canada exist and one is a narrow minded view of people based on racism. Get your "All Lives Matter" head out of your ass
It would be in his best interest honestly. Just completely throw trump under the bus and try to exonerate yourself by putting all the blame on him.
I'm sorry but I don't think I know this phrase. What does "carrying water for" mean?
Ah, thank you!
Gender critical was a subreddit about radical feminism (the "all men should be shot" and they mean it kind) that was banned for hate speech and TERF stands for trans-exclusionary radical feminist. Basically feminists that firmly believe that the gender you were born with is who you are no matter what. They're the kind of people that scream for women to be treated seriously but if you've transitioned from a man to a woman you don't get to be taken seriously because you're not a woman but if you transition from a woman to a man you *ALSO* can't be taken seriously because you're apparently a traitor?
My dad actually just had colon cancer last month. Luckily they caught it pretty early and they just cut it out. He said the worst part was waiting for the surgery because it was nerve wracking, the surgery itself happened in a blink and suddenly he was in another room hooked up to some stuff and he had jello and morphine so everything was pretty nice. I on the other hand had a mental breakdown for a couple of days at the thought of losing my dad. I'm 27 but that's still too soon. It scared the shit out of me.
Fuck I *wish* that was the current year. Shit was so much more simple then
My cat I've had for 18 years had to be down last week, my last remaining grandparents died of covid last month, I still haven't gotten my unemployment I filed over 2 months ago, my city is still shut down so I can't find work, my internet is fucked and won't be fixed until the 8th so I'm on 11 days without wifi, and I just found out my sister is a hardcore trump supporter and thinks covid is a liberal hoax. Nah man, I'm pretty fucking far from having an okay year.
Coke pan still knows how to do everything Regular Pam does but with 20x the energy
Wow $1.50 for tickets? That's crazy
You know, I've been saying that every couple of days for the last month or two and I've been wrong since
Current chef here, no we are not. If I'm in my whites I am a robot that lives off of coffee, alcohol, and tylenol for the resulting headaches from both. Outside of that I'm basically just alcohol, weed, and sleep in that order.
And I'm ooooon myyyyyy kneeeees looking for my sharpie
