First, again, we tried "heal the nation" and it didn't do a lick of good for America: unless you've been living in some other United States I don't know of, there is less unity now than *ever before* between these two groups, not just because of Russian interference, but by design from our own conservative media, because they find it beneficial to keep us divided. Nothing is going to solve that without change from within the system. Second, there is a big difference between interstate warmongering and holding fucking criminals accountable. If half the nation thinks it's "unfair" to pursue justice because politics has turned into a fucking wrestling match, then quite frankly, we don't deserve to be a superpower.
\*The worst year of his life *so far*
Fox news beats a drum against Democrats 24-7 anyway. I'd rather see justice done than attempt to appeal to people who don't think of me as human.
Can't give consent *Taps forehead* If you're perpetually wasted
You asshole, your kid is the reason I spent *two hours* on a crumbly-ass lily pad trying to nab some stupid red coins! I probably developed a heart condition because that level was so goddamn frustrating! Next time you tell him the truth and stop *fucking up my vacation!*
Really? I thought Camp Camp was pretty good.
And, let's not forget, [all sorts of dating advice on Johnny Bravo.](https://youtu.be/TBH9faeqRwU)
BONUS SODA
You know what's fucked up? Captain Planet isn't real, but his enemies are.
Stockpiling Dinki-Di as we speak.
I'd do it for a bite of a Klondike bar.
Papa Franku
I feel like the world's greatest detective^TM would have enough sense not to constantly brood on top of his alter ego's goddamn mansion.
"The what?"
Low level covfefe criminals
[You know what I think?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-M2mqUjgplo)
I think the bigger problem is, a good deal of Americans are incredibly resistant to the idea of receiving money or benefits for free, as evidenced by the general distaste conservatives have for the concept of welfare without some sort of alternative packaging, like Medicare. This resistance, I believe, stems from two facts: A) right-wing media has been poisoning the well on welfare by driving an association with the myth of "welfare queens" who "spend food stamps on steak and lobster" (and other, less socially acceptable associations that nonetheless are propagated in darker circles,) and B) the pervasive and deep-seated belief of the protestant work ethic, that god helps those that help themselves, that wealth naturally follows hard work and honest living, and that those who are down on their luck living in poverty, either choose to be destitute of their own accord, or deserve to be because they are lazy, shiftless, and have poor moral character (again, pointing back towards the welfare queen fable) A combination of these two ideas lends itself to a narrative that giving money to the poor is the least effective way to lift them out of poverty because, well, pick your poison: "They'll just spend it on drugs!" "Why would they work if they can get money for free?" "They want to be homeless!" Now, I could spend all day pointing at charts and statistics that show that less than 1% of SNAP benefits are fraudulently used, that it costs more to drug test recipients than the system gets back in rescinded benefits, that people who have received these kind of cash payments in the past continue to work, and so on, but it does no good to make these arguments with facts and figures to a group that has an *emotional* stake in resisting basic income: if we're going to seed the idea that you can live without having to work, we have to make people feel good about it when a big part of their worldview denounces the idea of cash handouts. I think the first step is reimagining the concept. Don't call it Universal Basic Income or Welfare, or anything that makes it seem like it'll be a "program." I think a far better idea would be to call it "Negative Taxation" and introduce it as a bracket where all adult citizens receive a lump sum that isn't counted as income. Couch it in quotable soundbites, "Stop paying taxes!" "Guaranteed tax return for earners under $XX," things like that, that hopefully will make it a lot easier to sell than saying welfare to people who believe they hate welfare.
Just walk farther away from whoever you're talking to.
Suggestion: [Trapdoor - Eagle Eyed Tiger](https://youtu.be/BBvB-EWKx4w)
Animal Crossing: Fyre Festival
Not one fucking person should support that ass-clown in the first place, he's an illegitimate president elected with foreign interference supported by a party that hasn't served Americans since the age of Nixon. We are just as terrified, angry and tired as the rest of the world.
Killing people working in a kitchen is also highly likely to contaminate food.
Still looks better than 76
"Oh, gee fuckin' thanks."
WHY AREN'T YOU‽
Even if it were, they can kiss my T1D ass.
It's also the dumbest fucking policy in the world because it essentially kills any motivation for hustle, and when that happens your two possible outcomes are "it gets done in time" or "it's late," and if you're stretching a job the latter of those two becomes far more likely. You bet your ass if somebody were working for me and they got their shit done early I'd let them lock up and go home. Even if it meant paying for a full shift, I'd still save money on electricity and heat compared to stretching work out.
I started learning Unity. My resolution is to make a game by the end of the year.
Can confirm, drinking beer, shit's hilarious.
"Like they don't fuckin' know already."
Ah, let's not pretend it wasn't at least partly because he was irritated with the kid. The entire theme of the Incredibles is to show the human side of superheroes, that's undermined if we try to rationalize Bob's flaws.
[I mean, they're already more athletic than me...](https://youtu.be/qG1LG1gADog)
/r/theydidthemath
"Oh no! I have no more Pepsi! What will I do?" "PEPSIMAAAAAAN!"
That would require approximately half of America to realize that killing brown people and putting children in cages is the *opposite* of what Jesus would do. Not happening while Sinclair has a chokehold on what they see and hear on the "news."
How do I delete someone else?
Hello /u/Ihavepills. I've invited your parents to this intervention. Let's have a look at your internet search history, shall we?
That's only half true: [the USPS would also turn a small profit were it not required to pre-fund pensions and health benefits for retirees.](https://about.usps.com/news/national-releases/2018/pr18_093.htm)
The internet.
I bet he's on Backflip.
[It's also literally the only government organization with that requirement because of legislation introduced in 2006.](https://about.usps.com/who-we-are/financials/annual-reports/fy2010/ar2010_4_002.htm) Because of that alone, I don't think it passes the smell test; it sounds more like something conservatives cooked up to fudge the numbers and make it look as though USPS is struggling.
It's fun until you get cold or have to work. Then it becomes, and I quote, "Four billion tons of white bullshit."
There's a theoretical maximum DC of 102, which is ridiculous. Shouldn't there be a limit to the number of charges you can expend in a single use?
Translation: If it gets out that this administration is the *least* fiscally responsible ever, it tanks Republican chances of keeping the WH and Senate.
Cat: "Yeah, I didn't get you anything. Feed me."
If you use religion to justify racism, it doesn't make racism better, it makes religion worse.
That's just the last one on repeat for an hour.
"Sir, I don't think we have the manpower-" "WHAT IS A MAN?" *crash* "A MISERABLE PILE OF SLACKING!" "...I'll tell them to work overtime."
Yeah, that's a shame, because with a little more work I bet it *could* be affordable, but ultimately at $15, if it *is* worth using on a single dish, you probably already had someone asking about allergens for catered events and the like.
So, on this morning show, Gino has cooked macaroni and cheese, and the lady says it would be like a British carbonara if it had ham in it. She doesn't mean anything by it, but the thing is, the recipe that they're teaching is Mac &amp; Cheese, so for the first thing she says after tasting it to be "if it were like this it would be something else," is so fucking inane that it just kind of takes him back. It's like if somebody knitted you a sweater, and you got it, and the first thing you said was, "If this had a hood, it would be a hoodie." While not untrue, it's utterly pointless, and arguably kind of offensive. So, Gino, being the professional Italian chef that he is, snaps back with "If my Grandmother had wheels, she would have been a bike." Which is essentially saying, "Yeah, that's true, in the sense that if you add anything to anything, it becomes something else, *what's your fucking point?*"
&gt;“Let’s be clear — if there was evidence of imminent attacks on four embassies, the Administration would have said so at our Wednesday briefing,” he tweeted. “They didn’t. So either Fox News gets higher level briefings than Congress ... or ... wait for it... there was no such imminent threat.” I mean... given everything that's happened, that doesn't sound outside the realm of possibility.
Possibly, but given the original context, I doubt he meant it that way. I've also heard it phrased as "If my aunt had balls she'd be my uncle."
Oh yeah, and it's total BS for sure, but still.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKpxKg0Bs-s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYmadb9t1ag
I'll be straight with you, I saw the NSFW tag and had serious concerns about you, your daughter, and your cat before I clicked.
Waiting to see the headline "Bar disbars Barr"
Thanks, I needed that.
You say that as though Walmart gives its employees anything more than the bare minimum right now. The vast majority of minimum wage employees already work part-time hours with no benefits and shitty quality of life all around: the only thing they can possibly do is cut hours and/or lay off employees, but that's incredibly unlikely, given that an increase in the minimum wage would almost certainly lead to a near-proportionate increase in consumer spending, which means more people shopping at Walmart, which means more employees are needed for longer hours. You misperceive the problem: Labor hours and wages are driven overwhelmingly by demand, not supply. This is the reason Trickle-Down economics is complete horseshit; the only way to create jobs is to create consumer demand, and the best way to do that is to give people with high MPC more money. Historically, the people with the highest MPC are those at the bottom of the socioeconomic ladder, and especially in a debt-driven economy like ours, as soon as they get that money, it's already spent on necessities. As for "just pulling yourself up by your bootstraps and getting a better job," about one of the only ways to do that is to get secondary education or training in a specialized field: that doesn't happen unless people have the money to spend on it, and poor people don't. [Nearly four-fifths of jobs in the U.S. are in the service sector.](https://www.statista.com/statistics/270072/distribution-of-the-workforce-across-economic-sectors-in-the-united-states/) Not all of them are minimum wage, but I'd estimate at least 80% of *those* are the typical retail clerk or fast-food employee. There simply aren't a lot of those industrial or factory jobs with OJT that translates into learning, skills training, and eventually a wage high enough to sustain a family, and there's certainly not nearly as many as there were in the heyday of the U.S.'s economic boom. Not everybody can be a C.E.O., and not all minimum wagers are teenagers that live with their parents. "Good Jobs at Good Wages" doesn't exist in the U.S. anymore. What I don't understand is, you said as much yourself: &gt;The fact is as soon as companies have to pay more to their employees, they find ways to pay them less. This isn't theory or wisecracking, I have lived this life. and &gt;I have confidence in me (and everybody) and I think that I can find a job that I can excel at and thus make good money at. Unless you're thinking everybody is going to self-employ (which overwhelmingly doesn't happen because few people have the kind of capital that allows them to start their own business,) You argue against yourself. How are people going to find jobs they excel at and make good money if employers are constantly looking to cut costs (and you're absolutely right about that: most businesses have a habit of increasing workload and reducing pay for newer members of their team compared to senior employees, and when they begin to think even that's too expensive, they outsource to India.) The fact is, the minimum wage needs to be higher because as it is, it's not possible to support yourself working 40 hours a week, let alone a family. And yeah, I do think "burger-flippers" should be able to support a family working 40 hours a week, because to do otherwise is to say "I don't value the services you provide to society enough for you to be able to afford to live."
Jerks.
I don't suppose you have the data to back that up? Because as far as I can tell, the opposite is true: [Oregon's been hiking their minimum wage for the last couple of years, yet employment appears to be growing, including in accomodation and food services.](https://www.qualityinfo.org/ed-ceest/?at=1&amp;t1=4101000000~3~0~00000000~2019~or) Despite the fact that most of these are low-wage jobs, [unemployment is at 3.9% and has held pretty steady around 4% for the last couple of years.](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/ORUR) Additionally, I'm seeing that the average salary (*average*, not median) for Restaurants and food services jumped from [about $19K in 2016 to $25K in 2018,](https://datausa.io/profile/geo/oregon) so that would strongly suggest to me that they are, in fact, making more money.
Which is why you *raise* the bottom. Those jobs aren't going anywhere. People are going to want to eat just as many hamburgers in five years as they do today, and somebody has to serve them until the day robots take everybody's jobs, and that's an entirely different discussion.
Ain't that a bitch.
"What do you mean, 'It's gone?'"
Simple. You throw so much scandal at people that it just becomes normalized. Each misstep is outdone by the next, so the only thing people remember is what *just* happened, and not the clusterfuck accumulation that's been happening for the last 3 years.
"Nasty-ass vacuum fuckers" is probably the second-greatest line in WKUK history. [Right behind...](https://youtu.be/QJBdi1jia_0?t=62)
Vwooo ^^Fuck Vwooo ^^Fuck Vwooo
On behalf of Joe Six-Packs and Wino Willys everywhere, from the bottom of my heart, I salute you, pizza man.
The narrative I'm hearing these days is they don't care because "Democrats did it too, and they did it worse, so that makes it okay."
If you're not willing to jump through hoops and bend over backwards to get the job, they don't want you, they want someone who conforms.
The boy ain't ready, I tell ya hwat.
Wind's howling.
"Momentarily?" Lucky bastards.
To say nothing of the fact that it saves even more money because, for example, if you're not afraid of the bill for seeing a doctor about a cough that won't go away, you can get it treated *before* it turns into something that they have to put you under and cut you open to fix, which is exponentially more expensive.
HSAs are a fucking joke too. "Oh, so you mean in addition to paying for shitty insurance that doesn't cover anything when I need it, I get to pay "myself" for what the insurance doesn't cover, which, when you look at how ridiculously overinflated healthcare costs are, is basically all of it and then some? Sounds great!"
Jesus, compared to all that, [Being happily responsible for the longest government shutdown in American history, 35 days,](https://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-congress-trump-shutdown-20181211-story.html) and [permanently costing the US an estimated 3 billion in GDP,](https://www.forbes.com/sites/niallmccarthy/2019/01/30/the-government-shutdown-cost-the-u-s-economy-11-billion-infographic/#1f09997b260e) seems comaratively tame. I bet you forgot about that because of all the rest of this bullshit.
The DM in question https://m.imgur.com/gallery/iLeiyT0 Fucking *yikes.* Edit: it's gone. I'll try to find the text. Edit 2: &gt;im now banned from aita and good fucking riddance, her dad just called me to cuss me the fuck out, can you believe ive ben trying not to FUCKING cuss so i dont get banned so i can atleast defend myself then banned for no reason. I live in the real world where when people are angry they yell, they save money where they can and they dont fucking run away and block you. fuck this fuck . it . all and fuck emma for believing strangers on the internet over her fiancee of 2 fucking years.
Should literally be the textbook example of doublethink.
Much obliged. If that's the kind of shit you have to deal with regularly, I'm so sorry.
They desire children because it ticks off a box on their "life fulfillment" list. Then they realize "oh shit, this is way more difficult than I thought it would be," and they either give the kid up or resent it until the day it's socially acceptable to push it out the door.
...pation.
I think you misunderstand what being transgender means. "Allowing" it is meaningless because nobody chooses to be transgender, in the same way they don't choose to be gay, or straight, or what have you. Transgender is not simply "I was born male/female and want to be a female/male," or "I was born male/female and always wondered what it felt like to be another gender." It might appear that way, and some people might play it up that way for the camera, but it's not really a 'choice' or a 'want.' Transgender is "I am a male/female that was born in a female/male body and it is so excruciatingly uncomfortable, dysphoric, and in some cases *painful* to exist the way I do that I am willing to undergo hormone therapy and surgery in order to get some semblance of what it means to be in a body that feels like it's mine." The people who aren't really sure, the ones that you're talking about, they'll experiment with partners, they'll crossdress, they may even try to pass, but they don't undergo treatments and surgery on a "maybe." Transgender people are desperately trying to be comfortable with themselves and their bodies because to keep going on as they are is tantamount to a slow, painful, miserable death. And yeah, there will be plenty of kids who think "maybe" they wish they were different; I can't remember a time in my childhood that I was really satisfied with who I was, even though it didn't have much, if anything, to do with gender: part of growing up is feeling out who you really want to be, and learning to either change the things you don't like about yourself or accepting them, and yourself. But how many times did your parents tell you "It's just a phase, you'll grow out of it" only to be decidedly wrong about you when you grew into adulthood? Because if the answer is higher than "never," then you know why it's important that kids be allowed to make those decisions about themselves. And, granted, there will be kids with bad judgement: hell, there are plenty of adults with bad judgement too. But I think it's better for them to be able to make the decision and know for themselves whether they were right or wrong than to deny them the opportunity and make them feel like they never got a chance at being a whole person. The issue is, as you may already know, hormone treatments tend not to be nearly as effective after puberty, and after that window has passed, you have a lot less opportunity to make the transition well enough to find peace and comfort. I do think it's important, though, that kids who are seriously considering it understand, and be stressed upon the permanence of those changes, that it's more akin to getting a limb removed than to getting a tattoo (even though I think that might be a bit graphic,) and that they should only go through with it if they're prepared to live with the consequences.
You can't tell me those kids don't know what's up.
You say that, but I've spent literal hours standing in front of that guard and Alduin never showed up.
Yew don't know what you're talking about.
Durian.
No, I already know people call me a cheap bastard.
I mean, it's not like they don't immediately fix themselves when you leave the room, so what's the big deal?
Change it for a roll of quarters, superglue quarters to busy sidewalks.
I want you to understand something: every piece of fiction that deals with romance, with almost no exceptions, is selling you on the idea that you have a soulmate, out there somewhere, waiting for you to find them, and that they will complete you. Some may add a corollary that it's a fool's errand to find Mr. or Mrs. Right, and that you should settle for good enough because it beats dying alone. I want you to reject that concept. Imagine yourself whole. Intimacy is nice, and certainly there are economic and physiological benefits to having someone else in your life, but there is nobody out there that's going to make you more "you." Anybody who tells you otherwise has an agenda that involves you buying or believing something. You are complete without needing anybody else. Not *perfect*, mind, there's always room for improvement, but you should never think of yourself as needing to be somebody else's 'better half,' as it were. You are a whole person without needing anybody else.
&gt;i’ve just been unable to work due to them cutting my arm off &gt;after 90 days it doesn’t matter what happened to you... cancer, dismemberment ; they can cancel any contract they want &gt;kind of hoping I get to keep my job. They promised to buy me a truck right after it happened but never did. &gt;they also didn’t invite me to this years Christmas party because I wasn’t there for the busy season &gt;then I heard they took new hires This is what unregulated capitalism looks like.
Who fucking likes *their plan* over "If you get cancer you *don't* go bankrupt."
Jesus crossdressing Christ, how many Missouri drag queens are there reading books to children in libraries that Baker feels compelled to make a law about it? Is he going to suggest next that Muslims not be allowed to go to Roller Derbies on Fridays? Or that left-handed Alzheimer's patients not be allowed to watch animated films?
We need more than one, it's going to take generations to fix this shit.
Nah, that's only in film-reviewing situations.
I'm sure France has higher food standards and regulations than the states. [This is about what the typical primary-middle school lunch looks like in public schools.](https://i.imgur.com/XKewx2A.jpg) Granted, there are sometimes fruit/veg options available, and I remember having a lot more healthy options in HS, but it's still very carbohydrate heavy.
&gt;*all out of turds.* &gt;Trump I find that highly unlikely.
Well for fuck's sake, did you help the man‽
It essentially is one: [Sodexo, Aramark, and Trinity service prisons as well as schools. They are paid a certain amount per person and their incentive is to fulfill meal requirements as cheaply as possible.](https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2017/12/prison-food-sickness-america/549179/)
I could never really get into it, and it's weird, but I think I'd have liked the game a lot more if it didn't carry the LoZ "brand" with it. Like, it's a great game, don't get me wrong, but it's not what I come to expect when I see Zelda on the box, and that really just kind of throws it for me.
Actually, ["Tom Skerritt"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Skerritt)
Everybody who argues against this is going to point to the stock market and low unemployment. The counter to these arguments is that half of the U.S. has zero investment in the stock market and that despite nearly 0% unemployment, 75% of America is still living paycheck to paycheck. Rich people are doing great, everybody else is still in a recession.
Are we seriously going to talk about metal bands with shticks and *not* mention [Okily Dokily?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BEvh6HSQc0)
Not that I think it's *feasible* but I wonder if you could put transmitters or something in the reflective lane dividers every X feet to mitigate the problem in bad weather?
I might be misreading which part of that question your response is aimed at, but if you're suggesting that YouTube remove anything that lots of people want removed, I should probably remind you that lots of people want YouTube to remove videos about Gay Marriage, the Holocaust, etc. So that's an incredibly poor basis on which to screen content.
Not good.
I didn't know purpose needed refrigeration.
-Jeff Bezos when he sees his bank account.
Yeah, that doesn't look particularly difficult to parse. "Dee-DRAY Men-ga-DOH"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYtXuBN1Hvc
Then they call me ugly *and* poor. Edit: Legitimately did not see the bottom half of that image. I'm keeping it.
I did but it was almost immediately after I posted. They call it a ninja edit because it doesn't show as edited.
&gt;If you live on the coast, it can probably be considered ~~self-defense~~ death by natural causes.
Gonna cry?
Well, I'm not calling him a liar but... ...but I can't think of a way to finish that sentence.
Not gonna lie, definitely thought this was an alignment chart. Well, I suppose it is but there's only one alignment.
"Oop, look at that, wallet's empty. Time to go home."
It's for a church honey, NEXT!!!
*President Madigascar:* "What took you so long?"
[Egg.](https://youtu.be/Lr-WPu1pADE)
"But why should I go looking when it's all fake news I don't like? Fox tells me what I want to hear so it must be true."
Talk is cheap, and so is Bloomberg. I wouldn't take his word for it if he told me the sky was blue.
I'm tired of hearing this argument, let's turn it on its head: What would *you* suggest people do after they're dismissed from both their jobs for taking time off to go protest? Unemployment might be low but that doesn't mean the local Starbucks can't find anybody else to work a counter, and negative feedback from your employer is a death sentence when competing against everybody else in the labor pool churning out 50+ applications a day. Here's the thing: on a scale of collectivism vs indivisualism, literally every other country in the world ranks above the U.S. We are so uninclined to help our fellow man that we won't implement policies that help our impoverished *even if they end up saving everyone money.* A lot of us live in a world where our parents pointed towards the door and said "you're on your own" once we turned 18. Everywhere else in the world there's a better safety net, either explicitly with laws and regulations, or implicitly with a family unit that will support you should you need to take up a cause. A lot of people are already *renting* their last fucking leg. I'm a type 1 diabetic, I require regular injections of insulin to live. Even with insurance, my prescription runs me $2-300 for a 90 day supply: without insurance, that cost can be measured in thousands. I did the math, and I can reasonably say that if I were to lose my job tomorrow and couldn't find a job with decent insurance, I could be dead in as little as 18 months, and that's *with* a decent nest egg. There are lots of diabetics who aren't nearly as fortunate as I am, who have already died because they couldn't afford synthetic insulin, because they didn't go viral on GoFundMe, and had to buy the cheap shit from WalMart. Sure, there *might* be programs to help me get the medication I need to live. The way things are going, I'm not counting on them to be there when I need them. I'm lucky enough to be part of the 1/4 of America that doesn't live paycheck to paycheck, but that doesn't mean I can afford to jeopardize that for even one day of protest, because my job can easily go up in smoke in an At-Will state. So I keep my head down, and continue to be able to afford to live. If you've got a suggestion that can keep me alive if I get spotted downtown, believe me when I say, I'm all ears. Until then, my choices are suck or die.
Fuck, somebody in the US is confirmed infected already.
Actually, minus they hyperbole, that doesn't sound all that far-fetched. I can see a guy pulling a wad of ones out of his wallet with a shit-eating grin.
&gt;You're assuming nobody is clean. Correct. &gt;You're assuming they are all doing illegal shit. Incorrect. &gt;Why would we plant that seed that would lead someone to buying into the right's false equivalency and bothsides arguments? Why would we, without any evidence, just toss that out there to validate the baseless attacks of the right? Because if we take the complete opposite stance and say "Democrats are squeaky fucking clean" we're going to immediately be proven wrong by any number of anecdotes where "Al Franken pretended to grope a woman" or "Bill Clinton was getting BJs in the oval office." Pretending that scandal doesn't exist in the Democratic party is a suicidal argument, especially for a party that falls in and out of love with candidates at the drop of a hat. *Everybody* has skeletons in their closet. Democrats' might not be as big and bad as other parties, but they exist all the same, and Republican media has mastered the art of dragging them out and creating scandal where none exists. The narrative you need to be taking is not that Democrats are perfect, but that whatever scandal anybody else can drag up is outweighed by the fact that Republicans *as a group* are corrupt to the core.
Okay: https://www.commondreams.org/news/2020/01/21/while-establishment-erupts-over-anti-corruption-expert-pointing-out-bidens-troubling https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/evjkwj/how-democrats-became-the-party-of-monopoly-and-corruption https://www.salon.com/2019/09/22/doomed-delusional-divided-and-corrupt-how-the-democratic-party-became-a-haunted-house/ https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2019/oct/11/hunter-biden-democrats-joe-biden-ukraine-trump Wasn't even particularly hard to find, really, I just googled 'Democratic party corrupt.' And the thing is, it doesn't particularly *matter* how truthful these stories are, or how little journalistic integrity these rags have, because defending "Democrats are squeaky fucking clean" is a damn near impossible row to hoe no matter how you slice it. Anything that calls that statement into question (and just about anything *can* call it into question) immediately undermines your credibility and forces you to defend your stance or admit that you're wrong and that Democrats sometimes have scandals. Again, your stance should not be that Democrats are clean, but that anything in their closets individually is far outweighed by the fact that Republicans as a whole either condone the corruption in the party implicitly via mouthpieces like McConnell, or that they are corrupt themselves, because it's part and parcel of being a Republican.
The hard-righters certainly don't care. The third-way democrats, the undecideds and the old-guard conservatives, *those* are the ones you're trying to convince, and it works a hell of a lot better if you accentuate the negative and show them systemic Republican corruption.
Somehow I simultaneously can and can't believe there's more than one dent removal video featuring a big black dildo.
[And your doctor would have some questions in the meantime.](https://youtu.be/QJBdi1jia_0)
Which begs the question, "Who the fuck is taking their kids to see a movie about a cartoon that is *explicitly* for adults? If they know anything about South Park, they should know it's not for kids, and if they don't know anything, THEN WHY THE FUCK ARE THEY GOING TO SEE IT?
You can't die from coronavirus if *it* dies from cancer first.
The problem is, you're expected to be hyperproductive five days a week because most businesses are just shy of being short-staffed at any given time. Because bus factor is kept as close to 1 as possible, if somebody calls in sick (or quits, or gets fired, or dies) any absence is painful.
Atheist playing devil's advocate here (pun intended,) it's possible that, religious trappings notwithstanding, this is actually a good and healthy thing to do. It's basically an exercise in gratitude, acknowledging the things that are good in our life, and being thankful and humble that they are there. Even if that thanks is misdirected, it's still a reminder to accentuate the positive, to be aware and mindful, and to express gratitude wherever and whenever we can. Studies have shown that expressing gratitude can help people avoid and mitigate negative feelings, and so taking the time to do so should be viewed as a good thing, I think. Certainly you don't need religion to do all that, but it's the framework that a lot of people have built their lives around.
Well I guess it's not much of an ass-bot at all, if it won't do mine.
Not yet we're not.
"Who the hell are you people?" It really doesn't matter what they say, I'm single.
I find this humorous and thus distracting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JQHQ5DxwGg
*Claims wife is the only person that starts shit* *Starts some shit with a fridge drawing* I'm not saying I don't believe you but... ...but I can't think of a way to finish that sentence.
Why is the FBI agent wearing Billy's poorly-cropped face?
Quick interjection, although sometimes T2 Diabetes, also known as insulin resistant diabetes, can be a product of poor diet and sedentary lifestyle, the one for which affordable insulin is critical, T1, is an auto immune condition that we have no control over, and insulin dependent diabetics like myself will die in a matter of days, if not hours, if we do not take injections regularly.
^Hullo
It's clean, you know what they say about cleanliness. I say we keep him.
I'll allow it. But watch yourself counsellor...
I actually got into an argument with a libertarian who proclaimed that anything the government did, private enterprise could do better. I asked if he'd be okay with Nestle charging $100 a gallon after draining all the public water sources dry. His response was literally "well then we just get our guns and kill the Nestle execs." These fuckin' people.
Gimme ape tit for $4000.
If I'm being honest, my biggest weakness is that I avoid confrontation. On the surface, it doesn't seem like a problem; it means I get along with just about everybody and nobody thinks of me as a contrarian when presenting new ideas and solutions. But it becomes detrimental when somebody's obviously doing something incorrectly, and outside of making them aware when it's causing problems in real time (which they're mostly aware of anyway,) I don't have the guts to inform them that what they're doing is causing problems further down the line. It actually caused issues when I quit at my old job and a person who had been fucking up big time got caught because I wasn't double checking her work; it ended up costing in the neighborhood of $10,000. Of course, the guy I worked for was a pretty shit boss who I'm told was planning to fire me anyway, so it was a nice bit of Schadenfreude to hear that my absence was noticed.
What if I double again and double one more time?
Imagine trying to argue that the economy is good while barely being able to make ends meet. Stock market =\= Economy, especially since half of America has zero in the market.
I too have mimosa all over my keyboard.
It's not a liquid! It's a great many pieces of solid matter that form a hard floor-like surface!
Well, I had a binder but ultimately everything got shoved in there with little rhyme or reason, so it was essentially this. I make $50K a year and I feel like I'm doing well. My desk today is just as bad as my backpack used to be, but I get a pass because I'm nice and have essential knowledge that nobody else wants to be bothered with. Oddly enough, I'm also responsible for documentation and it's far more organized virtually than physically.
"Yes."
"You *are* a Gellical cat." "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!"
I imagined it. It was very fluffy.
I would ask why he didn't maybe speak out while he was there, but I've had idiot bosses too. Still doesn't make him any less of a scumbag.
I think that's being a little melodramatic. Mitch wouldn't let coal miners anywhere near his office, let alone on his desk.
Really? I think a dick pic would look out of place next to a fish.
Don't forget to stale your bread overnight, helps it stay intact after soaking up egg.
"All hail great P'eywol, to be honored with a donation of $2.99, or to wait 12 hours!"
Try 40%.
I'd love to playtest, if you're willing. I'll offer the perspective of a chronic illness that requires expensive medication to live.
That's because outside of Portland/Seattle and larger urban areas, Washington and Oregon are *deep* red. Like, more guns than people and "don't stray off the I-5 corridor if you're not fishbelly white" kind of red.
You got it. My humalog and lantus would probably be $1000+ out of pocket for a 30 day if I didn't have insurance. As it is it's still about $100 a month with a 90 day.
You must be pretty cheap.
He's on edge because the DNC machine promised him it was his turn and yet, based on the polls, his chances of winning the nomination are dropping by the second, to the point where it's quickly becoming a toss-up leaning in Bernie's favor. You know, I find it somehow both hard and easy to believe that this is the same man who called Donald Trump "Painfully Uninformed" yet refuses to pivot on an issue as important as climate change.
In his defense, he was probably high AF.
"*WOOKIE NIPPLE PINCHY HO HO HO*"
Clearly you're hanging with the wrong crowd, my friends and I regularly joke about an early grave.
Now I'm confused.
This. I happen to like what I do, and I'm good at it, but every company I've ever worked for expects its employees to be passionate and enthusiastic about whatever it is they sell. You know what my passion is? Not getting bankrupted by the cost of insulin.
Jesus, it feels like it's been decades.
And why not? Clearly the Senate has no concerns about checking executive power, so let's have a king who actually cares about us for once.
The body has ways of shutting that down if it's *legitimate* breathing.
Nah, just means they *are* shit, and they were already.
It's not "extra legroom," it's the minimum width required to be considered a fire exit. So the people in the exit rows are good to exit, but what about all those other poor fuckers with their legs pressed into the seat in front of them? Plane's taking on a hundred gallons a second but I'm sure they'll be able to get their belts off and scramble to an exit, right?
"Mom, Dad, you have to help me, the other guy/girl is a voodoo priest and switched our bodies." And then three random facts she's told you about them to prove it's 'you.' At that point they'll probably be back from the bathroom, so you sit and smile like nothing happened.
It's not that we're willing: it's that we've got no other viable choice. I have to fly semi regularly and the "alternative" is that I get on a bus or drive myself wherever, and when you consider resting/eating, etc. every other option takes multiple days and costs more, and business in America is all about who can do it the fastest and cheapest. I get that flying is expensive. Renting terminal space at airports is expensive. Building planes is expensive. AvGas is expensive. I'm not saying flying should be luxurious, but when I'm shoulder to shoulder with the two people on either side of me and my knees are rubbing up against the seat in front, I would rather pay the extra $50 for an economy+ seat for the additional legroom. Problem is, even on the bigger craft, there are only like a dozen of those seats, and they go quick. Then your only option is $500 extra for first, and nobody has that kind of money.
Yeah, it's almost as if being poorer than the previous generation forces you to put off major life decisions like getting married, buying a house, and having kids.
&gt;Mader was then fired for not shooting the man. In case anybody still had questions on whether the cruelty is or is not the point.
By design. Murdoch and SBG have a vested interest in keeping conservatives in power.
[Sinclair broadcast group.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sinclair_Broadcast_Group) These people are responsible for local news channels' cookie cutter segments. See: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGIYU2Xznb4
I don't think so, it's kind of hard to get beer at a hospital.
You say that like there can't be conservative Democrats; the "Third Way" is half the reason we haven't seen any real progress in this country over the last few decades. I'm all for exposing *anybody* in that black book because the end result is (hopefully) a less corrupt government.
I prefer a president that can accept new information and changing circumstances and react accordingly to one who insists on maintaining a poor position in the face of overwhelming evidence to the contrary. Conviction is only as good as the information that drives it.
Don't forget to take your insulin. ER visits are expensive and I don't have a whole lot to spare right now.
Fuck me I had just gotten that image out of my head in time for the new paper mario. I can't believe you've done this.
Gonna be a killer on the rook islands one day.
I love asking artists to draw that, I always get such unique interpretations.
who are you listening to?
God, I miss the days when "Race War" made me think of [the WKUK skit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYy77IGsBFc) and not, well, all of this.
Hell, "cryogenically suspended for 200 years while the nukes drop, only to emerge into the wasteland alone and afraid" sounds pretty good right now.
Practice your diction and elocution, talk to yourself and play around with how your words sound and flow together. Your tone and pacing are a major part of your rhetoric, and polishing your pronunciation never hurts. Look your conversational partner in the eye. If you're talking *to* them and not to the side of them, you're a lot more likely to be heard and understood. Avoid snap responses; unless you're in a debate, whoever you're talking to will understand you're gathering your thoughts. Depending on your audience, you may need to change up your vocabulary. Formal conversations require formal expressions. If you're trying to make a complex topic understood, and your audience is small enough, asking if they follow so far is a great way to measure how clearly and thoroughly you're getting the point across.
Except he's incredibly bad at holding onto money, at one point he was three billion in debt and daddy wasn't around to bail his ass out. Cue Russia trading favors via Deutsche Bank and it becomes obvious why Trump is, for example, trying to get Putin at the G7: they've got him on a fucking leash, along with Moscow Mitch and God knows how much more of the GOP.
"accidentally"
This is extremely dangerous to our democracy.
The same thing as any other business: Absolutely nothing.
It's astounding, he looks exactly like a kid that's been told to clean his room or he's grounded.
"Thought about"
Me either, but it's at least a little comforting to know these people have an iota of shame.
Those who do not learn history are doomed to repeat it.
Well it would if you'd just stop buying iPhones and Avocado toast!
JFC he could have an easy out if he said he did it at the recommendation of the Secret Service. It's like a character that rolls deception and just sets the d20 on 1, he literally uses the worst possible excuse every time he lies.
Where are you right now?
https://youtu.be/aFdE__2OKc8
Point of contention, but surprisingly, Andrew has stated explicitly that he's not a chef, he's had very little formal training and has not worked as a chef in a kitchen, iirc the closest he's come to chef is pastry decorator. He classifies himself as an enthusiastic/hobbyist home cook specifically because he wants to encourage other people to learn to cook and not be intimidated by a lack of formal training or experience.
"The party told you to reject the evidence of your eyes and ears. It was their final, most essential command." Republicans have been fighting a war on truth for decades. Honest folk need to start fighting back.
Well, how'd it go?
He's on a mission from God.
It's beautiful, you watch her eyes just light up.
NGL I was hoping wife mode would also have a robotic voice saying "Wow you really suck at golf."
Well we would, but it's all sold out right now, so the rich will have to do.
"How come Brok's blue and you're not?" "*BOI?!*" I didn't think it was possible for the God of War to sound taken aback, but they managed to nail that line.
"I'VE FOUGHT MUDCRABS THAT WERE TOUGHER THAN YOU!"
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TalkingToHimself
Squidward thicc
OOOOHHHHH MY GOOOODDUUU
Remember, licking doorknobs on other planets is illegal.
Oh thank God, this shit was getting exhausting.
"Hi, I'm Tom."
T1D and really off the grid don't seem particularly compatible.
It's like putting police in charge of /r/blacklivesmatter
Because the bachelor life suits me. Intimacy is nice, but for me, nothing beats not having to deal with anyone else's bullshit after five o clock.
Same thing goes for humans. Carrots have a preposterous amount of sugar in them, there's a reason they call it carrot cake and not carrot bread.
Cyanide and Durian
If that's the way they feel, then never come in late and never stay late. After 5 it's no longer your problem.
https://youtu.be/FKiF2ZA7OA0
I can't help but notice a lot of these "less-than-lethal" shots are aimed directly at the eyes.
Joseph Bologna? Really?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3B1IQYD4Uew
If people start to starve, I guarantee you we'll see rioting a lot worse than what we're seeing right now. It's become quite apparent that people will not take injustice lying down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUlf1F05gTA
Not bad, but buildings being an all-or-nothing deal makes it kind of hard to manage idle resource generation without outright deleting buildings, *especially* since some upgrades drastically alter consumption rates, and there's no reason (that I've seen, anyway) that pure producers would ever need to be turned off. If you could add a function on consumers to choose how many are working at a time, up to your maximum, that would be nice.
Things are getting serious Kip.
No Hoosker Doos, Hoosker *Don'ts*?
Good. I love it when a system fixes itself.
Well, fuck.
Fuck, even Martin Shkreli got perp walked in a hoodie.
Granted, it's a little difficult to gather enough to deep fry anything because most people don't cook enough beef to make that much, but if you reserve the rendered fat any time you cook ground beef or steak, you can store it in the fridge or freezer for a few months to a year.
Conservative news is a hell of a drug. I talked to my parents for the first time in a month about a week ago, they told me (after having not voted in 2016) that they were voting for trump because they didn't want "77 year old child rapist Biden" in the white house.
I *live* in America and it feels more like an outhouse made of angry wasps.
I *knew* the floating biotope planter in AC was missing something.
Liter is French for "Gimme some fucking cola before I BREAK VOUS FUCKING LIPS!"
Rather generous of you to assume they consider us "people."
I'm pretty sure Trump bingo is the most efficient way to give yourself cirrhosis.
At least they got bronze. Would have been a heartache and a half to lose to leftover pizza.
I'm trying to imagine 'Sheets washed in Bold' being a bold scent, and I'm drawing parallels to Lacroix's 'Hint of hint of lime.'
I'd think they'd be trying to hide knowing what it is?
You keep misinterpreting that book. I don't think it means what you think it means.
To add onto this, whenever your work or community has a food drive, a lot of people will be bringing in canned soups and vegetables from their pantry, high in sodium and not a lot of nutritional value. If you were going to buy canned food, donate the money instead, food banks can use that to purchase deeply discounted fresh produce because of their nonprofit status and connections with farms and retailers.
It says 'Romans go home!'
Please pet doggo
I love seeing different interpretations of it.
For sure, as long as they're polite about it. I've handed food out to a guy who straight up told me "fuck this, I need money" when his sign said "anything helps God bless." Of course, for that one guy I've got about two dozen other stories where people were grateful for a burger and some kind words.
Like IT, but for humans.
It ends. Thank fucking God.
Sir, you are going to *have* to slow down, I cannot understand you!
If ever there was a poster child for "They had us in the first half, not gonna lie," this would be it.
It's like a choose your own adventure but every time you turn a page you get kicked in the crotch and you're stuck in a self-referencing loop.
And you haven't got a roll, a towel, or even a magazine...
Not sure if you're still here but if you haven't unlocked the landscaping tools yet, wait to place bridges and inclines until after you've cleaned up your rivers and cliffs a bit, it's expensive to relocate them.
"Go back, you don't want this."
One thing you have to understand about racists and the far right: they *never* speak in euphemisms or hyperbole among their own. When they say "the only good Democrat is a dead Democrat," they don't mean politically or metaphorically, and they're not joking, no matter what they tell the general public. They say exactly what they mean, and anyone who gives them the benefit of the doubt is putting themselves and their communities in danger.
I'm sure he was making tremendous messes at that age. Shame he never stopped.
On the plus side, Greg now has the cleanest colon in the world.
"Don't open it."
Hardly spoke to folks around him, didn't have too much to say.
"But we *are* the police." "Yeah. Fuck us."
Poor Jeb.
"KIRYU-CHAN!"
It sounds good, but maybe a bit too in your comfort zone? Try something wild, see what sticks?
That's what I'm talking about!
Awww yeah, love me some Aquatic Ambiance.
To think Rare accomplished this with only 16 bit sound.
There's a couple of them, I think.
It dawns on me that if this were an actual mine, OSHA would have a goddamn field day with how unsafe this whole thing is.
I mean, look at that, how is anybody supposed to navigate a cart across that?
Really just anything where there are hazards in the water where you need to be. I blame Snaccker.
That was 83 seconds. You lied to us.
It's okay, as long as you washed your hands.
Another bangin' track, too. God, we did not give Rare's sound design team enough credit.
RE2 or REmake2?
Claire or Real Police Dude?
One more %
Word to the warning, the first game they put out tries to recapture Banjo-Kazooie, and it's... okay.
Impossible lair is better, and it's a 2D platformer style like DKC. It's better.
Honestly? I can absolutely see how Trump thinks this is fake; his handlers probably feed him bullshit all day to keep him happy, so whenever he catches CNN giving real news while flipping between Fox and OANN, of course he's going to think it's libelous.
Not just that, but the fact that not only is the universe continuing to expand, it appears to be accelerating in its expansion. If we're not alone, it gets harder and harder to know that for sure with every second that passes.
Gotta go at a moderate pace.
Honestly NASCAR doesn't need fans that insist on having the confederate flag.
Also, pet da kitty.
Hey now, be fair. Sometimes they crash.
"NASCAR would have been great if it weren't for you meddling kids!!!"
I agree. If NASCAR's roots are so deeply intertwined with racism, then maybe NASCAR as a whole is not worth keeping around.
Nice.
It makes me sad that they did such a good job with this and then REmake3 ended up flopping.
For what it is, it's not a bad game, but yeah, it's short. Not worth full price.
I'd believe that. I did hear a rumor that most of the REmake2 team got put on 4 immediately.
I tried playing it again recently, I've gotten too soft with not-tank controls.
"What the-" Really Leon? You're still shocked? You've been doing this for hours, I think the initial surprise has worn off a bit.
Like, every time he says that line I get "THEY GOT ALEX" vibes from the division.
Like seriously, there must be a graveyard full of 'Alex's in the new one.
Zed is more fun.
Ahh, somebody's about to get the mag upgrade.
Anybody else like to call RE2 "Real Police Dude: Origins?"
Knock Knock
Casually walks by the hulking abomination
You're better than this Real Police Dude!
Famous last words, Real Police Dude
She saves Real Police Dude a couple times too.
Lovin it.
But we all know Mr. X is best girl.
Anybody else drinking tonight?
Also, I question the existence of a "visitor" level access pass, NEST doesn't seem like the kind of place that accepts visitors.
I'm rocking a poor man
Poor man's old fashioned.
A visitor at an underground bioweapons facility. Makes perfect sense.
FOR BIZZARO WORLD
It's either eggs or hashbrowns, I think.
Speedrunners on this game do ridiculous stuff with the knives. Like, they can end bosses in half a minute.
Isn't it obvious Real Police Dude?
Yeah, he got flamethrowered by Real Police Dude.
FUSF
Nice nade.
How else would they power the firewall?
I'm sure they make anvils too, they're just unrecognizable because they're ambulatory with big glowing yellow eyes.
u/coffeebarbellhappy that's highly debatable; even Rare has regrets with the sheer number of collectibles in this game.
Personally I'd want the former; weed smoke smell goes away after a while, skunk spray lingers.
Sibalance, sibalance
Yeah, this took me like 20 moves. Supposedly you can do it in 12?
We did something that wasn't the boston bomber.
You know what I can't wait to do when the lockdown is over? I've had the longest craving for some cheapo pancakes. Like denny's or Ihop.
Be 6PM west coast
I have been to WaHo on a business trip, interestingly enough. I had a waffle, which was okay, but the staff really made the experience, they were slinging jokes at each other the whole time.
"You're supposed to smoke crack after your shift!"
At least, I hope they were joking.
Pancakes. Crepes are good, but a nice fluffy pancake can't be beat.
Dependent on skill level and difficulty, of course.
Truth.
Aww, I don't want to be a monster! I use butter instead, is that okay?
It's Umbrella. You have to be evil to join.
It's literally a job requirement. "Must be a complete monster, also, must make monsters."
Nah, Real Police Dude is the best. Doesn't need ziplines to zipline, doesn't need jetskis to jetski.
Ehhh, not in human poop. Humans have incredibly efficient metabolisms.
Anybody else excited for VTMB2?
Wouldn't be an RE game without a self-destruct sequence.
It's okay, that's only like 300 points of damage.
So what's everyone's favorite kind of eggs? Since I can't seem to get off of breakfast, I love mine over medium, just enough of that yolky goodness without it being all over the place. Plus if you fry them in butter on high heat, the edges get nic...
God I wish we had White Castle in WA.
For a state that's legalized weed, we seem to be lacking in good stoner fast food places.
Yo your game audio is muted.
It's good now.
Gotta love that mag.
One of the most dissapointing things about RE7 is that there's so little Mag ammo.
Vampire - The Masquerade: Bloodlines 2
But yeah, it needs the unofficial patch.
But do get the patch.
Double tap.
Real Police Dude and Ada: Best love story.
NICE ORIGINAL ENDING CAPCOM
I suppose that's not true for REmake3, they give you the finger instead.
Oh dude, you need to play. Narrative game of the year, you get to be a disaster cop, it's the best.
No, you get it. The writers *don't.* That's why it sucks.
Who needs eyes or lungs anyway?
"Room for one more?"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7teSHq-NHQ
What about Abby Normal?
That sucks, I'm sorry she had to go through that.
*Millennials are killing Applebee's!* No, home microwaves are killing Applebee's.
so cute, I love it!
What's "retirement?"
we believe in you!
steady now, haste makes waste.
Snaaake?!
Don't try and trig me, I know all the angles.
It's so cheap I've been buying premium just to see how it feels to drive like a king. Turns out kings drive pretty much the same as everybody else.
Considering every one of them is wearing and driving a camera, to say nothing of the devices nearly everybody else is carrying, it seems unlikely that foul play would go completely undetected, and even if you can escape scrutiny once or twice, bad behavior makes a pattern pretty quickly. Not that I'd wish a hostile work environment on anybody, but anonymous tips followed by thorough and competent investigations would go a long way towards cops keeping each other honest, and I'd much rather they be tempted to rat on each other than punish and ostracize the good cops, a la Serpico.
Not the guy you're replying to, but even in the most ideal situations I can see bad cops still existing, and even good cops making poor choices in tense situations. I think the idea is that you get a certain number of incidents that you can call honest mistakes, after which point it's coming out of your pocket.
"**WHY HAVE YOU SUMMONED ME?**" "Here's your controller, no items, Fox only, final destination."
"Not my size."
To his credit, he's not wearing hockey pads.
I've flown first class exactly once, I can say with relative certainty that not everybody flying first class has access to the airline's lounge. Plus, I got to drink for free while everybody else was shoving oversized bags in the storage compartments, instead of waiting behind them to get to my open-face triplex coffin, so that was nice.
My Costco is still having visitors and employees wear masks. Considering we're starting to see that recovered people are having nasty health problems as a result of infection, you'd think people would be a little more careful.
Based on how frequently Trump claimed the election was rigged to give Hillary the popular vote and the sheer blatancy of projection that comes from this administration, I would not be surprised if an investigation turned up that Dominion Voting Systems and/or its subsidiaries have been rigging elections for years. I don't think it's a coincidence that Georgia implemented them statewide in 2019.
It's weird, maybe it's because I'm indoorsy, but I've never actually seen a tick in Washington.
He's one of the two explicitly trustworthy people in the game, the other being Beckett. He has access to special firearms that he'll sell to you at certain points in the game, particularly ones that cause aggravated damage, so saving him is almost always the better option. To be fair, I've never sold him out to LaCroix so I don't know what the reward is for *not* protecting him.
I remember after 2016 that exit polls disagreed spectacularly with actual votes. At the time it was attributed to voters embarrassed to admit they'd picked Trump, but now I'm convinced it was actual vote manipulation.
I mean, when your dream is "become financially stable enough that you don't live paycheck to paycheck" and it looks like it's never going to happen, that kind of puts a damper on lots of other possible goals.
She *did* get burnt at the stake. Remember that time she [stumbled into a van after a 9/11 ceremony?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5wWZIFZraw) The media was *all over* that for weeks, lambasting her lack of transparency about her health. Fat Joffrey has had clear signs of Frontotemporal Dementia for years, and now is showing signs of a recent stroke, and you don't hear a fucking peep about it, yet people are all over Biden being 77 and 'too old to be president' despite obviously being in far better health than Trump ever was.
While also somehow claiming that she worked with China and Russia to release it on US citizens.
In case anyone wants the soundtrack, [It's the windows 95 startup sound slowed down 4000%.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnoX3E2WFcc)
Because now it's a survival guide instead of a sci-fi novel.
The cat called it first, you'll have to wait your turn.
Dementia Depot
So *that's* how conservatives create jobs.
It's plausible, but in either case, the average American's standard of living has fallen modestly below that of the rest of the developed world. We work longer hours for less money, we eat more poorly, our educational systems are lagging behind the rest of the world, our infrastructure is crumbling, our public transportation is poorly developed, our healthcare is a fucking joke, poverty is so widespread that 4 out of 5 people live paycheck to paycheck and a large portion of that group is accruing debt on credit cards just to afford necessities, especially now that unemployment has skyrocketed and our tightrope economy is crumbling. And keep in mind, this wasn't by accident: A lot of these 'failures' have been built into the system by the 1% to ensure that those with means can take advantage of those without: - If you do not own or have access to a car in rural or suburban areas where it's relatively cheap to live, you are effectively stranded, and most businesses won't even consider you for hire if you don't have your own transportation. - Conservatives in power have been slashing education budgets for decades because they want to defund public schools entirely so that America's children get funneled into private (and often Christian) schools where they can both indoctrinate the young into religious dogma and prevent them from learning critical thinking skills so that they're more susceptible to propaganda. - By strangling unions and keeping healthcare tied to employment, the 1% keeps the majority of America chained to jobs that work people too hard and pay them too little. Protests like the ones we're seeing are rare simply because nobody can afford not to be working. Anybody who's been paying attention for the last few decades knows this country has been walking a razor-thin line of proto-fascism and plutocracy for a while now. We'd like to believe the American flag represents "the land of the free and the home of the brave," but in truth it's a jingoistic hypercapitalist meat grinder that treats people like resources and serves no god but Money.
I can't wait to have a president who actually cares about America again.
I don't even want to think about how much it cost America to not only have Fat Joffrey's name printed on every check, but to then have a letter sent to each recipient telling them "I made this happen, give me credit and votes please." Ironically, I got the letter two weeks before the check.
[Every time I move my arm, it costs the Cartoon Network 42 bucks, MUAHAHAHAHA!](https://twitter.com/risefallnick/status/1117675117939699714?lang=en)
Please tell me this investigation lasted longer than .2 seconds.
Just get a large Farva.
"If you could just stand right on top of that 'X' there..."
**PREGANANANT‽**
I'm glad to see you never gave Reddit up, Mr. Astley. Thanks for the memories.
I mean, all of Vegas would collectively shit a brick if open containers became illegal.
I've been on 6 for twenty years now. I probably have an 18-pack.
No thanks, as a Millennial, I am apparently entitled to too much as it is.
&gt;Unprecedented Yeah, no, I know exactly why it's happening and I don't buy the bullshit they're selling. Don't ever forget that these fuckers let him run rampant for four years because he helped them pack the courts. Now they're trying to walk back their support because his stupid bible photo op suddenly makes him ever so slightly more toxic to the Republican brand than Christian conservatives can stomach, so they're trying to pretend the rest of this tire fire of partisan hackery never happened. **FUCK THAT NOISE** - They'd like to believe he's not one of them, but Trump is a Republican through and through, with all the trappings of a party that despises democracy. Grabbing at every opportunity to increase his own wealth at the expense of everyone else's, undermining the foundations of freedom and democracy, disparaging the honest press, pushing propaganda and suppressing votes, and treating women and minorities as second and third class citizens. Let's be crystal fucking clear here: the only thing that separates Trump and every other Republican is that Trump's brain is too melted to be as nuanced in his hatred of America as the rest of them. Do not be fooled even one more time by these corrupt pieces of shit. Vote all of them out, every year, every election, no exceptions.
"Potion seller. I am going into battle and I need your strongest potions."
To be able to create good fakes, you have to know how to spot them first. Conservatism doesn't lend itself to critical thinking.
&gt;The GOP look at movies like Robocop and think ~~OCP~~ the rapists are the heroes of the story.
I don't understand why half of America thinks Jeff Bezos becoming the first trillionaire is a good thing; the only thing it would mean is that America is good at systemically concentrating all of the wealth in the hands of one person. He's not an icon of entrepreneurship anymore, he's quite literally the reason we can't have nice things.
That's part of the reason I'm going childfree. Fuck this country. If America has no interest in creating a nation where children can be raised, then they shouldn't be shocked when nobody here wants to have kids.
I'm glad I'm not the only one
For me it's when the syrup gets into the cracks of really crispy crunchy fried chicken and trickles down onto the waffle, the flavor and texture contrast is really nice.
A little late to the conversation, but ultimately, you want players to feel a definite sense of progression, where each time they prestige, old milestones get easier and easier to achieve, paving the way to new mechanics. Take a look at how cookie clicker does this. It's a billion cookies to your first heavenly chip, and therefore your first prestige. Not *too* difficult to achieve, but it'll definitely keep you playing for an hour or so to get there; more likely than not, you'll click a few golden cookies and you'll trigger the grandmapocalypse en route. Note that, at the end of your first prestige, you get to keep all the achievements you've unlocked, which lets you keep the effectiveness of kittens between playthroughs, and Cookie Clicker also keeps track of all golden cookies clicked, meaning you can get all the golden upgrades you've unlocked the first time you click a golden cookie in a prestige. One of the first unlockables you get with heavenly chips is making research 10x as fast, meaning the next time you get through grandmapocalypse will be quite a bit faster. All of these things enable you to reach mid- to late-game content much more quickly than your first playthrough, and it compounds as you unlock more prestige upgrades. This is what keeps players engaged: a constant sense of progression and unfolding of new mechanics. It doesn't have to be particularly big, either; most prestiges in that game only allow you to unlock a handful of available upgrades, but people still keep coming back. Of course, it also helps that the UI is slick as shit; nothing turns people off of incrementals faster than an unpolished interface. Keep in mind, that doesn't have to mean impressive visuals; paperclip game is very simple on the surface, but it's also very polished.
[Meta] Should be called "Daddy Day."
It's where they make the same love story five million times over with different B-list celebrities and backdrops. Somehow my grandma can name every single one and, I'm not gonna lie, it scares me a little.
"So I can't help but notice we've deployed half of the armada to 'Eliminate the Soggies.' Care to explain?"
But not in the White House. Then all they can talk about is what mustard he eats and the color of his suit. God, you remember having a president so clean-cut that conservatives have to invent things to be angry about? I miss those days.
"IT'S CALLED HENTAI, AND IT'S ART."
I haven't seen regular me in five years.
I give it ten minutes.
Ah yes, the laffer curve, the magical unscrutinized line that ensures that giving people with money more money guarantees greater economic benefit, the same way late night TV infomercials promise you that if you buy more, you *save* more. Is it just me, or does anyone else smell bullshit when Republicans talk economics?
Narrator: "*They Did.*"
Granted, Whiskey has that effect on people.
Not true, for a very brief period before civilization collapses, a very few people at the top will make more money than they could hope to spend in several lifetimes. I'm sure they'll argue it was worth it from the relative safety of their heat-resistant bunkers.
pat the cat.
born at -2, legendary.
Sick guitar dude, I got chills.
the internet is a series of tubes
I'm glad I'm not the only one
Don't I know it.
I am, yeah, that guy that didn't understand how the internet works.
You got it l.
That's probably for the best.
Seriously, it makes me a little upset at the sport in general that there was such a huge backlash when they banned the confederate flag. If NASCAR can't survive without the patronage of explicitly racist people, then it has no business existing at all in the 21st century.
Shit, consider yourself lucky. My group project was three people standing in the doorway talking about what they were doing over the weekend while I did all the heavy lifting. I wouldn't have put up with it but I'd just failed out of engineering and the whole project was easier for me to finish than one week of fluid dynamics homework.
Topple statue? You right to jail. Mock glorious leader? Right to jail, right away. Undercook well-done steak? Believe it or not, jail.
As someone who donated to Bernie, I can tell you right now, as much as I like him and his policies, he didn't get shafted, the Democratic party as a whole just isn't as uncompromisingly progressive as he is. Biden wasn't my first choice, but he's a hell of a coalition builder, and we need that right now if we're going to win in November. It's worth noting that Bernie's efforts to ramp up progressivism have not gone unrewarded: over the last six months, Biden's campaign planks have become noticeably more progressive; he knows he can't take the white house without the Progressive Democratic arm.
His gracious gift of my tax dollars that I'm going to have to make up for with interest when we get a competent government again? How dare I be so thoughtless?
And sends a letter begging for praise that arrives two weeks before the actual check shows up.
Dismantling public education is a cornerstone of Republican politics for a reason.
Well the airlines should be accommodating him well, considering he killed fitty men.
"Are you ready to hate me more than you ever hated anyone in your life?" "I already do!" "Then we're halfway there!"
Not directly, but that stimulus creates a deficit and *somebody* has to pay it back.
Famous last words. We've made a lot of assumptions about our political system that were dependent on it not being run by a criminal conspiracy, and look where we are.
Never before have I seen such a well articulated argument about Superman's semen literally blowing Lois' head off.
It drives me nuts because I hear the double standard all the time, where the masks are too much but somehow shutting down non-essential businesses was useless because everybody still goes out for Memorial day. It's like, "FFS, whose responsibility do you think it is to follow rules and make it work? Inslee's not going to come down and put your mask on for you."
People can change. Biden's platform has shifted significantly towards progressivism since the start of his campaign, because he knows he needs the support of the progressive arm of the Democratic party to win the election.
The last four years have had the feel of a SNL parody.
Fox News hasn't had 20 years to set up and feed a hate machine aimed at the Biden familly.
No, he makes $1 a year to copy and paste stuff, and $124,999 a year for knowing how to do it in a way that makes code work.
I've done a little codework myself, not nearly enough to be making that kind of money, and yeah, a *lot* of mine was copy/pasted from stackoverflow from someone who was trying to do something very similar. The rest, I added and cleaned up purely through trial and error. It took me a week to write a program that writes 90% of a catalogue by reading a csv file and making a properly formatted entry for each line, including images that it pulls from a file using individual filepaths and scales to fit a 100x150px box. To do that, I had to have a general understanding of all the functions I could use to pull and interpret the data sequentially and add spacers and formatting based on content type. It's super inefficient and incredibly fragile, to the point that I wouldn't trust it outside of a debug environment, but it does work, and it cut document creation time from several weeks to *maybe* a day. I make $55K and that's not even one of my primary job duties. Someone who knows how to use full libraries and can code stuff like that on a daily basis, and make it work efficiently *and* idiot-proof it (more or less,) is worth a *lot* more than $125K a year.
what do you have to talk about?
Hmm, don't know much personally, but do you have an idea of what could be asked?
If you have copies of your previous exams, you might be able to put together a study guide?
No no no, you definitely want soft-boiled eggs, the jelly-like consistency of the yolk is what you're looking for!
There's a place in uptown Portland that makes a killer shoyu. They have this pork belly that just melts in your mouth.
The Portland ramen place is Akasaru Ramen, on Alberta. They have really good potstickers too, no meal is complete without them.
You're also forgetting he's solely responsible for gutting unions in America. Had Reagan not been president, we might be enjoying 32 or even 24-hour workweeks right now.
Okay Blathers.
There's definitely some consistency issues with US BK, because I've had fries from a couple different locations, some were golden brown but super salty, and some were appropriately salted but fishbelly white and just barely unfrozen. Of course, McDonald's around me are no better, more often than not I get fries that have *maybe* had the concept of hot oil explained to them before getting chucked in the bag.
It's a shame Conservatives have been chipping away at our public education system for decades.
I'll believe it after the election's over. Until then, I'm stuck on "Fight like hell."
Stars upon thars, etc.
I think it should be implemented everywhere. A lot of people don't care one way or the other, and I think a lot more lives could be saved and improved because people were uninformed or too lazy to bother opting out.
Fuck, I remember when people were keying Teslas just because they were Teslas.
Ten mil to have sex with someone who spends all day on the internet and gets references. So, basically, me. I mean, I guess I'm probably not the worst lay.
On a big pile of Russian-donated campaign funds, most likely.
Ahh, the blue box special. haven't had that in years.
Stuffed crust yes or no?
Show us your Kirpan.
Stuffed crust, yes or no?
That's the right answer. Life's too short not to get stuffed crust.
And you can take that philosophy to the bank.
Aww, I don't want to abuse you!
Nah, male Karens are kyles.
West coast America. Get an anpan from somewhere!
"...It was a big rock..."
An owl's eyes are actually shaped like tubes instead of spheres, which is why they have to turn their whole head to look at things.
I admire its purity in the club.
Translation: "HEY YOU! JOIN THE NAVY!"
whokilledhannibal.jpg
People rag on Jobs for being a fucking psycho, and rightfully so, but he would have fired the asshole who cooked this up, because not only is it the opposite of innovation, it's so blatantly offensive to the consumer that it invites disruption and derision. It continues to be mocked well after its debut and has become a poster child for Apple's stigma as the brand for people with more money than sense. Between the 'grand stand' and killing the 3.5mm jack, Apple is well into its gilded age; they might not be hurting right now, but if they don't turn it around, someone else with a better product and good marketing that treats its customers right could be eating their lunch in a decade.
This isn't an advocation for arson, or any other crime, for that matter, but god damn if I don't feel the same way. We've got one shot to prove the system isn't completely broken in November, if we don't get him out by a wide margin *and* take the Senate, America is toast. We couldn't handle the first four years of a Russian puppet in the white house, let alone a second term. It's literally been the nightmare scenario that conservatives have been projecting on liberals for the last thirty years.
I have my doubts. I think a lot of it is environmental; conservatives as a group tend to be far more insular simply because long-distance travel is a luxury that most can't afford, which means nearly all of the experiences you're subject to are dependent on where you live. On the coasts and in big cities, you're exposed to far more cultures and ideas than in a small rural town. Add in the positive feedback loop that's created when people raise families in these environments, and you have a perfect explanation for conservative xenophobia and intolerance.
"This is hard to dance to."
&gt;"You have to keep great people around you," Trump said. "You have to motivate them. You always have to be on top of them. And you have to be smarter than they are. I hear so many times, 'Oh, I want my people to be smarter than I am.' It's a lot of crap. You want to be smarter than your people, if possible." - Fat Joffrey, CNBC 2007 Given how unfathomably stupid he is, that's quite possibly the world's hardest game of intellect limbo.
Duff beer for me Duff beer for you I'll have a Duff You have one too
Then they can mark a ballot with a vote of no confidence. Because if it's not laziness, then certainly they can get to the polls to express their right not to have their voice heard.
And guess which party has consistently fought to erode the public education system in favor of private religious schools? It's a feature, not a bug.
So here's my question: Russia was putting bounties on U.S. soldiers, which plainly makes Russia an enemy of the United States. Trump verifiably knew that Russia was doing this, and still provided COVID-19 relief funds, which makes Trump a traitor in the strictest definition of the term, and therefore an enemy of the United States. If, after having committed this treason, Trump seeks the aid of Republicans, and they give it knowing or having reasonable suspicion that he has aided enemies of the United States, are they too committing treason?
I have been *in* the car crash for four years and I would like the jaws of life to cut me out please thank you.
I don't know who this Goddammit guy is but I'm 100% voting for him over Trump.
If all the humans are dead from catastrophic weather caused by climate change, I imagine the planet will be very peaceful indeed.
Jive-ass dude ain't got no brains anyhow.
Let's be honest here, you're on Reddit, you have nothing *but* time for tangents that go nowhere.
Occam's razor tells me they're all traitors.
