MMO = Massively multiplayer online Destiny 2 would not count as massively, it goes by how many people can be in one instance at the same time.
I'm willing to live in Minsk for the greater good lads. Support my application to WG and together we'll make arty a lot stronger again!
The Switch had supply issues for months in many locations, so the sales could be even higher than they are right now.
The problem I have is that all benchmarks I see are for top notch new CPUs. Has anyone done before and after tests for older ones like 4670? I'd like to see the performance drop for those.
All consoles are outdated
How is this a "little known app"?
Remove megas, remove z-moves and remove ultra beasts.
MHW targets people new to the franchise instead of vets and attempts to grab newcomers and be very easy to get into, so yes, this would be the perfect entry.
*GDQs have become a joke. It's a completely sterile corporate event at this point. No fun is allowed, in fact nothing is allowed anymore, just be as safe as possible, every word you say could potentially offend someone, better not risk that. But the death of the atmosphere and "speedrunner culture" around it isn't all, tons of "runs" being shown at this point aren't even speed runs, they are badly done let's plays. It's an insult. I for one am done with them.
People are already watching much better events such as ESA, but thanks.
Universal law says any community or event becomes worse the larger it becomes, so this is a good thing. If it was much larger it would turn to shit like GDQ.
Sounds like Emilia Clarke. Next time you watch something with her, pay attention to the eyebrows.
That explains why she turned into gutter trash I guess, only Miley topped her
&gt;Current Year's AGDQ is always the worst AGDQ ever. Doesn't seem far off. GDQs *have* steadily gotten worse year after year. Sure it'll sound like the same old same old when people bring it up in 2019, but that's just how it is. Just like how the Simpsons have only gotten worse for ages now, you know?
This game is SO good, I implore each and every one of you to strongly consider buying this, it's fantastic. You will not regret it, I guarantee it.
He's a clown. Have you seen him play SMO? He even failed to do the simple "keep running around in a circle" moon. And people are supposed to take this guy seriously?
Anything for tier 8's so they don't get stuck in tier 10 games all the time?
Couple issues I had with your video. 1. You need to realize that not a lot of people owned a WiiU. The Switch is about to eclipse its *total sales* in the upcoming weeks and isn't even a year old yet. Thus most of these games such as DKCTF or Bayonetta 2 etc. never got into the hands of many people to begin with, it'll be completely fresh for most. I don't think Nintendo sees this as something they want people to "double dip" on, it's simply there for people who (perhaps rightfully) skipped the WiiU. I personally own a WiiU and am not mad about this at all, if anything I'm just happy that more people will get to play some of those amazing games because they deserve more exposure. If I want to buy them a second time over that's on me, I could always go back to the WiiU and play DKCTF there. 2. I doubt Nintendo is the only who said "Skyrim on the Switch has to be 60 bucks". Dark Souls Remastered was announced for all platforms just now and is 40 on all of them, including the Switch. So you'll have to take this up with Bethesda. 3. You said that you will never ever support any microtransactions whatsoever for any Nintendo title. That seems like a rather absolute and harsh stance, dlc/microtransactions are not inherently bad. MK8 on the WiiU was a great example of DLC done right. It brought in a ton of new content including characters and plenty of tracks among multiple cups for a very fair price. DLC is only "bad" because most publishers release bad or overpriced DLC, but it's not a problem with DLC itself. After all, all that it means is "downloadable content" - it might very well be the exact same as an expansion pack, the only difference being the ability to download it.
Really? "This is sickening"? How thin skinned are you to cry for mod help like this? Just use the report button, jesus christ. It's like this is your first day on the internet. Never seen a more triggered person on Reddit. For the record, I don't agree with the guy, but you come across as even more annoying here.
I mean, I do understand where people are coming from. The "aoe clear two screens with one click while running around at 150mph" meta is a bit... well, not everyone likes it. But it sure is efficient and makes you vastly, *vastly* more xp, money and really everything than anything else.
Are they? Still waiting on a master's rework. Decreasing the XP you need to get to them 8 a bit doesn't count or make them any more fun.
Completely redo the entirety of masters. Having to get them to 8 every league is simply not a thing I care to do anymore, it sucks and rotations suck even more ass.
But people here want *more* decisions, not less. Right now you are forced to use bandaid fix treshold jewels to make many skills usable.
Won't happen, MHW is supposed to be an entry game for new players in the West. Hence why they reduced the difficulty across the board.
Coupled with the weekly "WAAAAH ARTIES". A great mix.
The only one that seems like a salty manchild is SirFoch here to be honest.
Disagree. Multiplayer makes hunts so easy because the monsters are constantly falling over and can't fight back at all. Makes the game a joke, really. 2 players is the max you should ever do until you just don't care about any semblance of challenge.
3U girl best girl
What if you lose your password manager?
Removed to comply with the rules.
If someone finds the game difficult despite it being easy, then the only conclusion can be that they are not very good at the game. How is this not true?
Was about to post the same but then I saw your comment. Seems silly indeed, why even have them if it's just x2.
That doesn't make any sense, there are 24/7 stores on every corner in Japan.
I mean... that's exactly what Capcom went for when they westernized the game? The western audience is who they are going for now, since they are dropping a lot of sales in Japan by not having it on any handheld device. I don't see why you are shocked or surprised, Capcom made MHW to appeal to westerners who never played MH before and this is the result - a lot of people getting into MH in the West who never cared about it before. Makes sense to me.
People like the Panther now?
No offense to anyone who enjoys this, but it just looks like a poor man's League of Legends, which I find to already be a poor choice compared to Dota 2, but okay.
I didn't say it was. Doesn't change what this looks like.
Already own MHW on the PS4 but I still want more Monster Hunter, always more. So give us MH on the Switch in the west as well, thanks. And Super Mario Maker! That game needs to be on the Switch. Make it Deluxe or a sequel with more level themes such as ice/winter and desert/sand and bam.
Professor Moo
How will the events of today, if at all, affect the whole catalonian independence movement?
It's actually not *that* surprisingm This seems to be for only one of the multiple "floor spaces" Nintendo has, most likely the smaller upper right one. If Smash is there, it would no doubt be at the main floor instead of this side one.
That sounds like so much effort for GGG but also really cool. Some time rift into a mech and robot controlled future.
So there are two different wasteland sets now? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRMcPxBJCYg The old one and this new one from the box? Why not give this one a different name to avoid confusion. Also holy hell the Automaton and Apocalypse sets are cool.
Is the Atzoatl Atziri 100% the same fight as the normal one? How does the zone level affect her? Does she still have the reflect, which is the deadliest part of her for many builds?
Thank you based Tencent!
Can confirm, spectre builds are not only hurting for enough gem sockets but also hotbar slots
Nothing about all the unique mobs and bosses using old skills that now deal broken tier damage somehow?
Add essences and divination cards. Basically a trading post that has all the items that are always the same and can't have "rolls" would already help so much.
Maybe the next big patch will be the Cold Patch? Ice Trap Vortex Ice Spear Glacial Hammer Arctic Breath
No point in blaming either buyers or sellers alone, the trading system in itself is the issue.
I'm the opposite. I think Kojima is an overrated hack who hasn't done anything good in a decade and people just cream themselves over his name at this point, no matter what he creates. I think he'd be better off making B movies in Hollywood.
I think we can all agree that MHGU is our only hope now.
Not a big fan of the idea that Alva can only show up when vaaling maps. I think she should stay as is right now, except only have a 5% chance to spawn initially, but if she does, she appears in every following zone/map until you did the temple
I once gently grazed a single blade of grass while driving in my A-44 at 5km/h and my engine exploded, true story. It really can be a frustrating tank.
No. Not a good idea, keep it as is instead.
You are rich, travel the world and eat all over the globe, have a daughter of 11 years, how do you end up with suicide? Impossible.
Please tell me how we are supposed to get anything done at the WC given our performance in all recent international games This is just sad.
No, but I don't think this "TURNIERMANNSCHAFT!" thing is a good defense, you just know Löw is actually trying this time.
We haven't had a series this bad in a long, long time.
"D-don't worry our recent streak of "amazing" performances at internationals are the norm, we only perform just when we need to in the actual cup" -deluded people on r/soccer right now You cannot excuse this sad display.
No, not at all. You couldn't be more wrong. WW HD looks vastly better to the upscaled original, just look at the HUD.
I love the "not sure" option. Made me laugh for some reason.
"We're including a setting that lets you disable all customizations" would be great
Most immersive, huh? Announce an option to disable customizations already.
The only people asking for Royale are people who aren't Battlefield vets nor care about the franchise.
Yes, that doesn't mean I want it in Battlefield.
Ok? I didn't say it was my decision. Buying it or not is my decision though.
Let me try: Everyone who likes this is just a dumb teenager who drools over everything BR. Wow, I can do it too!
Show me someone that said "I demand we'll be able to wield golden katanas or double prosthetic arms with nail bats in an upcoming WW2 BF game"
He is right and you are wrong. Gameplay is something else entirely and people have always known and accepted that the game takes its liberties in that regard, it obviously has to. However past Battlefield games often had a pretty authentic and immersive atmosphere and setting, something BFV won't have.
I assume pretty much all of them will come to the PC as well and some of them will end up getting cancelled again.
You are right, but as someone who doesn't have an Xbox (yet?) I have to say that I'm very disappointed in the upcoming PS4 exclusives we know of right now and with the One X being stronger (fps/resolution) than the PS4 Pro in basically every multiplat and gamepass actually looking like a good deal... I don't know, Xbox actually seems pretty good right about now.
Man I want to play this. But I refuse to install Windows 10 malware. Guess it's time to buy an Xbox after all.
People are well aware they don't have to buy it. However, there is no other WW2 Battlefield game that does what it does in the same way. Besides, people have a right to criticize something and feel negative towards a game they had hopes for.
You mean the early access e-celeb shills? Ah yes, their opinion is probably very unbiased. Time to buy some loot boxes oops I meant airlifts to get myself golden katanas!
Well I'm not denying it was a snarky jab at GGG concerning the current state of the "trade experience", which to be frank is absolute ass.
I don't know. The latest trailer failed to give me the vibe, mood and atmosphere that the one 5 years ago brought. It feels less dark now and more modern era punk-y if that makes sense. Feels a bit more slightly futuristic GTA rather than what I felt Cyberpunk 2077 was going to be.
I hope they announce FF7R has been cancelled. There is no way they would do it justice.
A bit late isn't it, days before they shut down the servers
Wish they'd just say it was cancelled. No way they'll do FF7 justice with this given their recent track record of core FF games.
I think they would have shown the Switch logo during the trailers if the games were also coming to the Switch.
Oh wow, thanks. Appreciate it
If you pay attention you'll notice I haven't spoken of or defended BF1 anywhere
A guy asked about which customizations looked out of place. I named an example. No need to get all bitchy about it just because I called you out on referring to BF1 when that was never the topic at hand.
Well, yes. You did see cyberpunk there just now ;)
Fantastic name for a game. And it looks really, well, satisfying. I'll definitely keep an eye out for this.
I thought the driving improved since Crew 1? Did it not? That's bad news.
Does it look like a nazi squad to you?
Ten years? Go see what top rigs people had 10 years ago and ask yourself if you know anyone using those to play now.
Hahaha, yes. Very true.
&gt;Sony killed it as usual. Hahaha, are you kiddding. That was an insanely weak conference. You disgust me OP.
I hate people like you. You blindly praise anything Kojima just because of his name. You are the absolute worst and poison on this industry.
He gives no reason for it being good other than "Kojima". That's pathetic.
Hell no it was awful. Horrible conference setup, intermissions, wasted time. Not many interesting games either and mostly ones we knew about already. I admit Ghost of Tsushima looked great though.
There obviously are. For starters, Inklings.
MS had all the cool stuff, Sony had nothing but Tsushima.
I think EA is drunk. They don't even seem to understand what people are mad about. PROTIP: It's not the existence of women.
How about golden katanas?
That's nice. Too bad the one we saw was nowhere near Japan nor were there any Japanese anywhere. It was in the middle of Europe.
It's okay if you like games I don't like. The world won't end.
Xbox UK twitter is actually making fun of it https://twitter.com/xboxuk/status/1006605714620665858
Tencent should introduce a thing where you can vendor any 5 linked item for a few fuses.
I would play it with buddies online, so that wouldn't happen.
DICE must really care a lot about keeping those golden katanas in the game if they are so adamant about it being integral to the BFV experience.
A simple setting to turn off customizations would do the trick and I'd be onboard.
A man who's going through with a stupid decision. The decision to rewrite and alter history and also fuck with the setting of a hugely popular video game just for the sake of not having to educate his fortnite-playing daughter about ww2 And that's not even all. I doubt the daughter said "Why can't I use a golden katana in BFV daddy?" yet they still put that in. For what reason?
It reminds me of the thing the makers of the recent Ghostbusters movie did. See how that turned out.
Octopath is the only one. Then MHGU. That's it. Can't deny 2018 is extremely weak for the Switch.
I forgot about Smash because it might as well be 2019 with how late it appears, but the rest I'll definitely pass on. By the way, I already named Octopath. Pokémon let's GO is absolutely awful.
Forgot about Smash yeah since it releases so close to 2019, but the other two are definite passes. No online in Mario Party once again and Pokémon Let's GO is a complete joke of a Pokémon game.
So why berate me for mine? You can be excited for it all you want, but to me it's junk and thus 2018 is pretty damn disappointing for my Switch. If it wasn't for MHGU and Smash near the end of it it'd be a disaster.
I really don't know why WG went this far in trashing the 430 II They overdid it hard.
England will do something hilarious and everyone will make fun of it
It's pretty far up left on my TV
I got bored of it within an hour. It's insanely stale. It's like playing a knock-off Rocket League that is 500 times less fun. Doesn't help how shitty the physics are. Absolutely zero chance of me playing this multiple times every day, hell naw.
If the online was the exactly same and full experience, she would have simply said that. There wouldn't be any need to explain that it is limited to the minigames with a leaderboard.
If this is the Treehouse gameplay with Chiko playing the game, then don't worry about it. She's so bad at games she makes all of them look much worse than they are.
Simon Belmont
This so much. I use gloom herald atm because it is the closest there is to not having your mtx look ruined by constant herald hands
Amazing, came into this thread to post exactly this. Bonus points if you use the ugly as sin magma orb mtx
Sure, at this point BFV is a fantasy game ala Fortnite anyway so let us ride dinosaurs, fly UFOs and shoot lasers
Sounds like something a casual would say
Oh so this match is what football looks like. You wouldn't know based on all previous wc18 games.
Why doesn't Chris just give every employee a million
The important news here is that they plan on having WoW Classic be the **1.12** patch of vanilla WoW. (post naxx, introduced cross realm battlegrounds) Whether you think that's good or not I'll leave up to you.
It's funny that you even call Detroit a video game. Well, to each his own.
Fire Emblem, new Mario Party (which looks great), Daemon x Machina a new AC mecha game
What exactly does it do?
Messi should retire while people still think he's great, because you can already tell his peak was a long time ago and he's on a hard decline. Sorry but it's true.
Uh, remember when Valve cared about how far you could go with cosmetics?
Are you South American or Iberian?
People have posted tons of constructive criticism. And DICE/EA did their best to dismiss all of it with generic "all of you are sexist alt-right nazis, deal with it" answers. What do you want people to do now?
/s?
Personally I'd probably go with 2 or 3. Doesn't seem like an amount so big that it would matter extremely much, but it would make the remaining time much better to have a 1 or 1.5 million dollars.
It's over, Mexico. We traditionally win all our first games at cups.
Mexico looking pretty solid, good team they got there I think.
If we play like this all tournament long I think round of 16 might be where we have to pack the bags. We definitely need to get better.
God this team is bad right now, really sad. The same fucking situation in our back time after time.
"Don't worry, friendlies mean nothing, we'll be amazing at the cup"
Isn't it odd how they didn't just give out new themes with games you buy? As in you buy BotW, you get a BotW theme, you buy Splatoon you get a Splatoon them etc. Would've been such a cool little bonus. They could have also given them out for those gold or platinum coins which are otherwise entirely useless anyhow.
No, it affects me too because I have to see it, lessening my experience.
Wait until you reach the next stage: Hating the game so much yet being a slave to it that you start PLAYING arty yourself only to bring misery upon all others
Did Neymar try to get the worst haircut imaginable on purpose?
It's a sign. Iceland is going to win this, blowing out England 8-1 in the final.
Alright! https://i.imgur.com/i5QbWac.jpg
That's nice and all but I kind of wish Nintendo would also up their game when it comes to their online services. They're still ancient in regards to that.
The eternal dark horse
Belgium: The eternal dark horse
Panama has the passion.
So this is the power of the Kingdom of Belgium
England absolutlely bottling it
The most important one is obviously Le Toucan
What, seriously? Cars can't touch each other? So every race is basically just racing time ghosts and everyone can always drive the ideal line?
They are the two big racing franchises for Xbox and Sony. However in GT's case what made the old games so great in my eyes was the career mode. Without that it's just no good to me.
Okay, Gran Turismo is on an indefinite hiatus. You happy now?
Russia is the best team at the world cup right now Damn...
You guys had the chance to bet your entire live savings on Russia winning the WC like me. You didn't. And soon you'll pay the ultimate price: Watching me drive by in my new lambo.
Why didn't you just look it up on poe.trade? You can determine the price of most things quickly. Jewels can be a bit tricky I admit
Yeah I get that but how do they enforce said law here
It's shit because of people like OP and others who make it more of a hassle than it needs to be. I've lost count of how often I had to whisper dozens of people just to get an item because the others were unwilling to sell for all kinds of reasons, be it the "pretending to be afk but actually not, just too lazy to briefly stop mapping to sell this 2c item" or "just wanted to see if people want it right away so I can adjust its price upwards" or price fixers or... etc. And don't get me wrong, it's not sellers alone. I've also had people whisper me to buy an item and even though I ported out right away and invited them they sent back a "nvm" because someone else replied a second faster. They didn't even wait the fraction of a moment, they just spam-whispered 20 people at once hoping one will end up selling the item. And I can almost understand them. All of those contribute to trading being an ass experience. Trading, at its **best**, has minimal discussion and is over in seconds with both sides barely saying anything other than a quick macro'd "ty ss". And if trading is at its best when the interaction is held to a minimum, then you can conclude that this whole bartering trading idea is bad.
I hate Ramos so much.
Spain getting embarrassed
But our characters are aware that they are in a video game with multiple story acts?
Yeah I'm thinking we'll trash France easily this year
Of course Argentina would be the one to ruin my large combo bet. Fucking hell.
Nah TLJ is awful and I'm very happy to see that the criticism of it has not gone down since. Disney and Rian need to learn their lesson and to that end people should never stop talking about bad it was. Disney is ruining Star Wars and I couldn't be happier that so many people agree.
Why should I give Disney any more of my money? Until they show they learned and are ready to improve by firing Rian and cancelling his trilogy, I have no interest.
I'm downloading it right now but was really hoping the driving would be improved compared to the first one. You're saying it isn't, eh? I'll still check it out for myself but that does sound disappointing. Edit: Well after trying it I'm definitely not going to grab the game, the physics are still laughably bad and the driving itself feels very poor, which is a rather paramount aspect of a racing game.
Man Brazil is looking weak as hell. Now I'm sad we won't be meeting them since they might not even get 1st in their group while we will probably get 2nd. We would obliterate them once more.
That's not exactly true. The Switch outsold the PS4 in the US comparing its first year to that of the PS4. Consoles often end up selling better later on when they have a more expansive library.
You'd have a point if MHW was as good as multiple MHs coming before it. It isn't.
I am asking them to make their game fun. It's the opposite of fun in almost all aspects right now. Boats and planes are pretty worthless. Car physics and handling is still wack and wasn't improved from Crew 1. And instead of going all the way with their over the top arcadey racing and at least making it fun to jump over things, that's the *one* time they decide "no, let's make the car drop down instantly instead of giving it some air time". What sense does that make? To me it really feels like every single time they had to decide on something in this game, they picked the wrong one. Very disappointed in the open beta but glad it exists so I can avoid a preorder or purchase. Yet a shame because I do like the concept and idea behind the game, just not the execution.
Germany is angry now. Sweden will be punished severely.
We have at least one or two of these major fuckups from defensive players every match lately. This is not acceptable.
Nah didn't even touch him tbh
lol Swedes wasting time this hard already
They are weak minded. Sweden needs to be eliminated.
How about being salty at your own NT for wasting time and trying to park the bus to make it stay at 1-1 As Ronald would say: Weak mind.
On an unrelated note, Durmaz has announced he's about to move to a really nice lodge in the Bavarian alps. A nice BMW or Mercedes of his choice will be provided as well, at no cost.
Was it another truck of peace? ^^^dark ^^^joke
Oh no not at all, they only moved in slow motion for the last 20 mins whenever the ball was out of play
Nintendo here. I'll put Daemon x Machina, Metroid Prime 4 and Bayonetta 3 on your console if you give us Forza Horizon 4, Crackdown 3 and Banjo + Master Chief for Smash. Deal?
Hmmm, I see. Think I could get one for 399 somewhere?
Why not?
You hate canals. You don't like chicken-based meals. You are still angry over them being a tax haven for many corporations.
So?
He just wants the best.
Why, because teams like Panama wouldn't be good enough to qualify? What a loss.
I call them macrotransactions
PCF and Uyama are 100% shady. Might as well burn your money.
Nah you're wrong. I watched lots of GDQs but world cup definitely had priority and I watch every match I can, not only the.big ones.
Sweden played in slow motion wasting time like mad. They also *still* parked the bus despite being 11 to 10. I would have mocked them too.
Supporting Iran for the funny upset. Sorry Ronaldo. GO IRAN!
So glad Ronaldo isn't above the rules.
I can only hope the other groups will be just as entertaining. Well other than Germany's. I hope that one will be clear as heck advance for us by blowing out Korea 4-0 or something.
They stopped doing it. Instead they'll have the armor sets from the new boxes be on sale in a few weeks, making you wait even longer. Basically just punishing people who didn't manage to get a full set from the boxes even more, because you'll now have to wait extremely long just to get that last piece. I stopped buying boxes altogether, they have completely lost it with how greedy they've became and since Tencent came in I stopped feeling like "at least I'm helping this little david dev stand up to goliath" anyhow.
It's drugs. 100%.
&gt;Windows 10 store Yuck. Xbox it is.
I wonder how this will affect Switch sales. This game is huge in China, but do Chinese people buy Switches?
Do you get anything for hitting certain gamerscore thresholds?
I think a wombat would be really fun and cute as a pet. So that.
It is scientifically proven that stegosaur nuggets are superior to all other nuggies, because not only do they look cool, but the back plates create more surface area to get crispy.
He's just a sad person.
Germany, yep. Is that offer still out there?
I was hoping we'd lead by 1 at this point. We have a real issue with sensing where other players on our team will be or what they have in mind. Passes going into nothingness because players don't understand what the other guy was planning...
True. I hope you'll still be as good when playing an actual team though... can't wait for Belgium-England.
"Maybe I'll try Özil and Khedira one more time, surely that'll do the trick..." - Löw, master tactician
Mexico and South Korea
Ok we need a pen. Ref please, help us out here.
If you don't give us a free goal now I'll stop buying your TVs and android phones. You hear me?
Löw just needs to be fired. He has become blinded by routine (betriebsblind) and sticks to the same old horses like Özil and Khedira. It's time for a change and for rebuilding. I do *not* want to enter the 2020 euros with Löw.
Because it's not over yet. VAR will retroactively disallow Korea's 2nd goal and award the first one to us.
Well who wouldn't be? Why the hell does someone like Khedira even get to play for the NT anymore? He has no energy nor does he care.
I mean, I *am* upset over how badly we played for all these past months, including the entire group stage. "Just wait". "Turniermannschaft". "Wir experimentieren noch". No it's clear we have severe issues and we really do need to rebuild and rethink our strategy from scratch. I don't think we can afford to bring players like Özil or Khedira along anymore, they simply do not seem motivated enough to give 100%.
I expected Brazil to look stronger in this match. But then again a lot of my expectations have been off in this WC.
I was told there is no more ramming whatsoever in Horizon 4? Is that true? You just drive right through every other car in multiplayer at all times? Feels weird.
Has this sub's craze for icons gone too far?
No. While I agree with others in that we don't really deserve to advance if we play like this anyway, what fun would a world or euro cup on /soccer be without some banter?
Well see, I pretty much never undock mine.
That's a bonus to me, I think VR is a meme still and will be for another 5+ years minimum.
Short tldw: "We had to make new expansions so there always had to be something even more powerful than the last big baddie you just killed. When we can't think of anything we just go back to Burning Legion stuff"
I got a year of live for half the price on g2a than it would be on the MS store. That's a lot more than a tenner.
I'll take anyone other than Brazil and Portugal tbh. Hate those.
Sorry to my French neighbours but I'd like to see Argentina advance for a chance of Messi vs Ronaldo. Would be pretty fun.
That was a pretty good FK, close!
Pre-emptive hello r/all What an absolute beauty of a goal, look at that slow motion of it.
Uh ho, Mbappe on the loose.
I predict a lot of cards. Especially Portugal is extremely dirty, might as well give Pepe a preemptive red.
Betting on a penalty happening in this game is free money guys. Thank me later.
Really hope the match goes to pens, love me some pens and want to see Ronaldo miss one.
Is everything a banger to this sub now? Cause this goal sure as hell ain't a banger.
Other people don't think it's that good would be my guess.
Smash and Betrayal will be out on the same day, that'll be my problem
I mean, not really. I'd definitely rather play a new league than look at some 2 second long tumblr gif.
I'm glad it's not another portal, I have too many of those already
#2handchads represent Our time to shine has come. We'll show these puny dualwielders who the boss is.
Oh yeah? What about Kiribati?
Lol two of these guys don't even know who Mathil is. What's the point of them being there?
Nah thanks I'll point out dumb things when I see them, and Ezekiel III being there is one such thing. Pointless in every way.
Actually it's a perfect analogy, and yes I think everyone watching this is entitled to the people asking the questions having at least the most basic knowledge of the topic at hand. You sure seem upset over me not sugarcoating it though.
Not really for BV though, still great.
3 mins past midnight and can't get in yet... what is going on? Wasn't it gonna unlock at midnight?
It also deserved that award imo. The single player really is fantastic.
They'll announce quite a bunch of things tonight Metroid Prime Trilogy for Switch New Harry Potter game DC Heroes: World's Finest Alien: Blackout Square Enix' Avengers Dragon Age Trailer Rage 2 trailer DMC V gameplay
What the hell? Who saw this one coming? Is Persona 5 even coming to the Switch?
So... uh.. are we getting Persona on the Switch, then, or... this is odd
I'm sorry
I guess I might as well come clean now, I'm the infamous 4chan (you'll have heard of me on the news). I can now confirm that the 4 other characters will be Doomguy, Banjo &amp; Kazooie, Crash Bandicoot and Master Chief.
Can you imagine the stage that comes with Doom Guy and more importantly the music? We need it.
Did they seriously not put iceberg in a possible tileset despite people asking for it every single time a hideout thread popped up the past months? Really?
I just wish we could get Nintendo to realize they need to fix the Smash Ultimate online matchmaking. Even if we could just get a "We heard you and will work on it", that'd be fantastic. But I doubt it'll ever happen. Like you said, Nintendo doesn't engage with their customer base and once a game is out that's usually it, they're not gonna change anything about it.
Both are true. The SP is fantastic, the MP **needs** drastic changes done to the way matchmaking works and also the netcode like right now. People want to play 1v1 with no items and constantly get into big party brawls with items on, all the time.
The biggest issue is the extreme visual clutter and everything being varying shades of green
Nice. One new classic monster per year, at this rate World will have caught up in just a few decades.
Found the guy that is incapable of understanding the difference in taking liberties when it comes to gameplay (respawn, jump into/out of vehicle and just appear magically in the air etc.) and not getting the atmosphere right. And no I'm not talking about "REEE women", although their screams are way overdone and you'll truly *constantly* hear them in BFV, I'm talking playing as a black woman with a golden katana for Nazi Germany.
Please don't forget the 1 color recipe, that one also can't be gotten
Yeah nah. People have to go out of their way to enter the gathering hub to see each other, a place which also happens to be behind a load screen and that lacks critical services. SoS is an awful idea and removes the need for people to socialize at all, just shoot a flare and pretend the people coming in to help you are AI controlled NPCs. They might as well be, because no one ever talks to each other or sticks around. In previous games you'd get people staying in the same lobby for hours on end making buddies taking turns posting quests. This happens *extremely* rarely now. Oh and lest I forget it, there's even less incentive to play with others because of the way monster health scales now (and there no longer being a true village/guild split), making solo more efficient more often than not.
If they would just let you "lock in" some of your settings and make them non-negotiable that would help a lot. Just add a little warning that it might add to your queue time, but on the upside you'd now at least be able to say lock in 1v1 and no items while leaving stage select and such with some freedom.
If BFV was aimed at BF veterans they would have given it the same kind of proper WW2 atmosphere that 1942 had. It's not aimed at veterans at all.
tfw you know retail is beyond salvation so you just pray for classic
A lot of stuff in retail WoW hasn't looked "very WoW" for a while now.
&gt; something that is actually respectable And you say this despite gigantic cringe moments like sonicfox's speech? You want to make games and esports presentable to people and literally have a dude come up to stage in a damn fursuit and call that respectable? I'd put a fursuit on one level with bringing an anime waifu body pillow with you up on stage. Please.
No, dungeon finder was the beginning of the end
I assume it's unlocked for you for any future league now as well, right?
Judging by private server people and what I've been reading on the sub I'll already be leveling in an "unusual" way by not following a speed leveling guide nor using some addon that shows you exactly where to go to level efficiently and what quests to do right now with big arrows I'll just play just like how I just played back then. Including doing incredibly inefficient quests or zones.
I'd be very interested to hear from anyone currently playing one confirming this. Is that true? Did they finally fix it?
&gt;EDIT: DO NOT DO IT ON YOUR MAIN! WHOEVER YOU GROUPED UP WITH WILL BE THE ONLY PEOPLE THAT CAN RIDE THE MOUNT WITH YOU. HOWEVER, IF YOU HOP ON AN ALT, ANYONE CAN JOIN Can't imagine that staying this way. Either they'll lift the restriction for the main too, or they'll take away the ability to freely do it on all your alts.
Don't bother, reddit fucking LOVES Skyrim. And I totally agree, the game was barely worth playing when it came out already.
Ah, yeah. "I'll definitely need this one day and be glad I have it".
Yeah I think it looks great but at the same time the font might be a tad too wild and having the chat in the center top is awkward
Oh boy oh boy new packs... Let's see the true power of Tencent money. I think GGG will have gone all out on these.
Fargo season 1 is such a masterpiece, I absolutely love it. It's such a joy to watch Billy Bob Thornton and Martin Freeman in this.
And that's only for the iceberg hideout or any?
&gt; but they are plenty good at their jobs Hell no they aren't. Ark is one of the worst programmed games I've ever seen. It's an absolute atrocity in terms of how it runs.
I meant "low" in terms of it literally just being a titstream This is more or less every stream of hers https://i.ytimg.com/vi/zygxv2jku9w/maxresdefault.jpg
Finde ich sehr interessant. Hast du dich auf Systemintegration spezialisiert weil es "nicht nur" programmieren ist? Vielleicht dämlich gefragt, im Grunde frage ich nur ob Systemintegration in deinen Augen mehr Spaß macht als die anderen Fachrichtungen.
My favorite part of it all is the one where the trailer has absolutely nothing to do with the actual game. Some fun videos on yt about that too like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzDTdBsW1GU
Sure but I also don't like using a lot of tabs just for my delve stuff Plus I apprciate the easy "dump and go" functionality of special tabs, no manual sorting needed
BF3 was the last good Battlefield. 4 turned kind of decent after a long time.
I cringe when someone talks about Monster Hunter and says "It's like Dark Souls but..."
Nothing says Atlus can't get a big section during the next Nintendo direct to announce it coming to the Switch
I would have loved to be able to buy some SNES classics I love like Secret of Evermore, Terranigma, the Secret of Evermore games (we still haven't gotten 3 in English btw...) on my Switch. Unfortunately I doubt that'll happen.
The kind of music that gets played in clubs? No.
You could probably cancel and change it to the special one? I'm not sure.
"Premier" League.
I just hope the upload limit isn't too small. I hope it's bigger than 100 courses per person.
Hey, that was my idea! Plus the clear condition is "collect 10 coins" but after going through all pipes and reaching the end people would realize there's only 9 coins in total and 1 is back at the start in an invisible block.
Prepared to probably be disappointed. Not really feeling it so far. I don't particularly like any of the three new starters and the visuals of the game are especially poor and lacking with the cheap "realistic" water and the trees consisting of 10 pixels total.
I'm sorry but this is just looking dumb. It's just pokémon but scaled up. Who cares?
Not a big fan. Feels less creative and interesting than megas or even z moves. It's... just pokémon but scaled up to a bigger size. Is that the best idea they had when brainstorming for a new "gimmick"? I do like the idea of multiplayer raids though.
Reading that really is painful
I don't want GO to have anything to do with mainline Pokemonm. I wish there was zero interaction between the two.
Agree completely. Give me a hard mode **FROM THE START** and go back to good ol Pokemon before megas, z-moves and dynomax and I'd be totally happy.
The biggest complaint by far is the lame dynamax system though?
And this is why I keep saying that keyless entry is something I don't want and care about. As far as I am concerned its minimal extra quality of life is nowhere near worth the downsides it brings.
Those are different methods of theft. If I can avoid having my car stolen in 3 seconds by some dude with a signal repeater, I'll go for that. But you do you. Just don't come posting on r/cars when this happens to you in the future, alright?
Yeah games everyone already played or assorted indie junk.
Well, to be fair, we *should* keep asking for online play with friends because I think if we do there's a good chance Nintendo might actually patch it in.
You going axes or swords?
The more I think about it the more I hope this game has clear and distinct tagging for levels intended for singleplayer and levels made to accomodate multiplayer. So many things in "normal" singleplayer stages would break or not work in multiplayer.
Please don't be a lame cinematic experience type of game with a short story and that's it. This is the only EA title I have any hope for.
I'd say it looks okay. Not great, not bad, just okay. Which is more than can probably be said for any of the other games coming up for EA.
What is... wrong with Feeney? Can she even do basic jumps?
Oh thank God. I didn't understand how she could suddenly unlearn how to do basic jumps.
Some of the games are like obviously they bought double fine and PSO2 seems to be xbox/pc only too in the west
One thing I want devs to know is that I'd rather have 1080p 60fps than 8k 30fps. Please just make sure your game hits 60fps, no drops, before seeing how far you can upgrade the graphics.
Given that both TES6 and Starfield are confirmed (by Todd himself) to not show up at this E3, my hype is pretty low. Obviously there'll be lots of DOOM, but that's kinda it. Maybe some updates on their mobile game and some sad attempts at trying to salvage the Fallout 76 situation, but what else is there?
Todd himself said it https://www.pcgamer.com/no-elder-scrolls-6-or-starfield-at-e3-todd-howard-confirms/
At this point the audience is just making me laugh. I actually can't stop laughing at those absolutely over the top WOOOOOOOOOOs and YEAHHHHs. It's surreal.
That combat is a real hype killer for sure. I don't want some KH2 with bits of XV action combat.
"Oh no my life got ruined because I was told not be a douche"
The majority of people would rather find out what's coming while watching the conference/show/direct instead of having some clown leak it on Twitter. Deal with it.
Sure, when that person is doing something detrimental to the majority of people. Leakers suck. More of them should be prohibited from ruining any kind of presentation.
Just because you seemingly don't enjoy watching live reveals during E3 doesn't mean that goes for everyone. Plenty of people enjoy that and who are you to ruin it for them, especially a mere day before it's happening?
If only Planet Zoo actually had a good management side to it. Unfortunately all their management games focus solely on the creative side of it. I really miss playing those tycoon games of old where you actually had to try to keep your park etc. afloat and manage your finances and all.
I wouldn't count on it. Bet you 10 bucks it'll be completely focused on the visuals and just watching the animals and building nice looking enclosures for them instead of the management side of it, like all their games.
&gt; I'm saying they updated her look to fit modern conventions That's just a fancy and indirect way of saying "yes, she was censored". https://i.imgur.com/8c0FGWI.png
Well that's why I said mainline, to me that would exclude the MMOs. So I was mostly referring to XIII, XIII-2, LR, XV.
No, I just want people to stop denying it wasn't done to censor her. There is no other reason to give her spats underneath the skirt or the black undershirt. They do nothing aesthetically, their sole purpose is censoring. I like how she looks now, she looks great with the realistic proportions. I just want people to stop trying to bullshit their way around it with some weird formulations like "updated to modern conventions". Yes, she was toned down and got censored. And yes, she also looks good.
I suppose you have a point. It's just that given Sony recently it seemed all too likely that they were to blame for trying to meddle with it, but maybe they didn't and it was just the result of Square Enix themselves trying to make her look alright in a 2020 video game. That said, the undershirt just doesn't look very good imo. Maybe there'll be some DLC Advent Children outfit or something for her.
For those seeing my comment right now, they are showing off gameplay of Animal Crossing on Treehouse **right now** at twitch.tv/nintendo
No More Heroes 3? Seiken Densetsu 3?
So can I take the sports bra off? If not, what difference does it make?
How many people have hacked their Switch vs how many hacked DS, 3DS etc. are out there?
They are literally playing the game right now on Treehouse and it looks amazing. No way it's getting delayed, it looks super finished.
I didn't even like megas in the first place (but was able to stomach them). Imagine how I felt about Z moves and dynamax, the worst of all three. This franchise is taking a turn...
I expected nothing and I am still let down
Is everything fixed or just the recent bug? As in, do characters still occasionally stop after cycloning when trying to move?
Yeah, I really think the fact that you just *can't* get many old Pokémon at all is the bigger issue than losing whatever old Pokémon you had lying around. Sure it would suck for people to lose their beloved first starter they brought over into every new game, or for people to lose all their pentaperfect+ bred pokémon or their shiny collection - but at least the latter two of those can be gotten back by putting more time into it. Just outright not having many Pokémon in the new game however is just a full stop end to everything, can't do anything about it. But even then, maybe that'll change with updates to the game or the second Switch Pokémon game, maybe they'll even change their mind and find a solution to this after the uproar, I don't know. I just don't feel like the world is going under right now, I'll just play the game completely fresh and try out new Pokémon. As lame as dynamaxing is, I really do like the new Pokémon designs and I've already seen more than one that I'd love to catch and use on my team.
The moment you start to try and argue with the crazy people on Resetera, you already lost. You will *never* make them happy, just ignore them and move on. Would be my advice to CDPR.
For anyone on the fence, here's an extended look at gameplay (although the people playing it aren't all that good): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNHwgEsJCKs It looked super good imo. The music alone is orgasmic and it's a real pleasure to look at as well, fantastic sprites on the enemies and bosses and all.
Frankly, knowing about Gamefreak's incompetence when it comes to programming (500 Lillies etc.), I wish Nintendo would just buy out GameFreak, fire everyone and give the Pokémon IP to one of their own inhouse teams who should be able to do a better job at developing new Pokémon games. Sounds really extreme and all, but I think it might be for the better. GameFreak is neither talented enough nor do they care enough to give these games the quality they should be at.
Same and for the same reason, subconsciously I suppose. #teagrex
Why are there so many more problems with the game this league?
I never really liked megas. I also didn't like Z moves. However I like dynamax the least of them all and if it were my choice I'd much rather have megas (with additional new megas) than dynamax.
I mean, I mainly just wanted FF7 with modern graphics. I didn't ask for any changes to the story, or for episodic releases, or for having to wait 20 years before I can buy the "whole thing", or for them to alter the combat system or for them to add optional this and that to stretch out sections of the game.
Got mine today as well. Did however also order a third party generic precision capacitive stylus just in case this one was gonna be low quality. Either way I should be more than set now!
Can you imagine? What a nightmare.
What is this idiocy?
I don't think we yet know what exactly a boo does, right?
Not gonna lie, one of my least favorite pokémon ever made. But someone would probably feel the same way about some of the pokémon I love, so hey.
You can use any capacitive Stylus. It doesn't need to be a Switch-exclusive stylus.
Criticism is always good and opinions are allowed. I just personally think they're making mountains out of some mole hills. Does anyone really care enough about the lack of rare alternate death sounds or easteregg letter interactions on the title screen to even bother bringing it up as a "negative" of the game? Feels desperate to stretch your list of complaints.
Yeah that's pretty awkward. I start my level by picking a style and theme. That's the very first thing I do.
You made one grave mistake. You gave "soupy" to a style other than NSMBU when that's the obvious choice.
Lol at first I thought you were being cheeky and linking to Aurateur haha.
Something people forget to mention is that these companies, especially Riot, pay streamers to exclusively stream TFT (and actually forbid them from talking about Underlords).
I think she looks good in the redesign, I'm just not a big fan of the black undershirt visually speaking. Keep the boobs as they are, just get rid of the shirt. But since I'll wait for the PC version anyway I believe modders will just mod that one out and then it'll be all good.
Are they not? Cloud having spiky hair, Barret having a prosthetic arm and so on. Every character's got some things. For the record, I'm okay with Tifa's redesign (although I'd lose the black undershirt and the thighhigh socks).
Lately while watching a lot of Ryukahr and DGR (both lots of fun) I've started to feel like I want to give it a shot myself. It seems like there would still be enough room for another person making super expert no skip runs. Although I wonder jow important the whole "reactions" part of it is to viewers. Would people enjoy watching these runs as much if the person playing was mostly calm?
Well I guess it varies wildly on your place. My apartment got up to 29C despite all attempts at cooling it.
I'm just telling you the difference and how MK8D to MK8 isn't the same. Hell, MK8D is explicitly a deluxe verison while SMM2 is a proper sequel.
No Blueglass = NO WATCH
I don't see how going to 3D means they have to sell it across multiple episodes over the span of 10+ years. Nor how it forces them to add "Watchers of Fate" or day 1 VIP edition exclusive summons.
I've yet to see a reason to use GOG. The new one, too. Why should I even install it?
Yeah this is pretty cringe to be honest.
It would be lame if it was possible to skip endlessly. There should be some kind of middle ground. Maybe you have x skips and you replenish them by actually finishing a stage or something.
A bit dramatic, but yes, endless mario is basically "skip until you get an actually doable stage" for anyone who's trying to go high on the leaderboard. I think skip = lose 1 life would've been a great idea to balance it, oh well.
Ihr hardcore-Ökofritzen seid nerviger als alle Veganer. Wenn du in einer Hippiekommune im Wald leben möchtest, tu das. Aber erwarte nicht, dass jetzt alle Leute auf Fernreisen in die USA oder nach Asien verzichten. Bevor man den Leuten jetzt die lang geplante Reise verbietet, sollte man erst Mal da ansetzen, wo sehr viel bewegt werden kann ohne dass jemand auf etwas verzichten muss. Z.b. könnten sehr viele Business-Meetings per Fernschalte stattfinden. Schon müssten unzählige Menschen nicht mehr für ein einstündiges Meeting von Barcelona nach London jetten.
SMM2 has so much more than SMM1 even if you remove all the multiplayer stuff, so...
Still think "no skip" runs are more interesting though. Should be separate leaderboards for skip and noskip
Extremely excited for this game. Will most likely be my GOTY and something I'll sink over a thousand hours into. There's just infinite fun to be had and on the building side I've already got a list of dozens of stage concepts I want to make reality.
Das war vielleicht vor zwei Jahrzehnten zutreffend.
So what you're saying is that the common taste of gamers in 2019 sucks, given how many people prefer the black undershirt and black socks. I agree. Back then people had better taste.
I play standalone and have definitely had more crashes this league.
Tolles Argument. Wir sind dann hier wohl fertig.
I usually like them, generally speaking, but I don't think they look very good on Tifa.
Eh. This isn't very unanimous. For example, I'm somewhat okay with this. Makes it *much* harder for people to plagiarize.
Well... duh. You can say that for **every single** Switch game. Mario Kart 8 Deluxe comes the closest but is probably at around 40% atm.
Yep. Undock to make, dock to play. Although now that I think about it that seems a bit annoying when playtesting your stage and making small changes to it constantly.
Wonderful 101 though!
That's really bad news. Nintendo needs to increase this to at about 100.
Ok, but the post above said "most of r/Games I'd reckon", so he was talking about this sub specifically.
Nintendo literally *just* listened to us concerning the online with friends. No reason they can't listen again. People just need to raise a big enough stink about 32 being the hard cap. Even 64 would be much better.
You realize you can just remove older stages and upload new ones, yeah?
I never said I like the idea. I just corrected the guy.
There is a slim chance this is temporary to limit the amount of "month 1 trash" made by people who stop playing very soon that'll forever haunt the coursebot and endless mario mode. I really hope so at least. But yes eventually this should at the minimum go up to 64, if not triple digits. Just to be sure though it probably doesn't hurt if we make our voices heard and contact Nintendo about this in every way we can.
Yeah, the game literally just came out... I'm still in story mode, didn't get to finish it yet cause of work.
Boos are tricky. You don't want groups, trolls or kids who just hate kaizo to have the power to kill stages like that.
I assume it's a combination of * previous experience from SMM1 * story mode showing people good stuff and giving them neat ideas * yamamura's dojo lesson tutorials * hot trash stages getting buried by boos All of those combined might have quite an effect.
They already made future-proof models with a very high polygon count for Sun &amp; Moon. Why couldn't they just have brought all those over? I don't get it.
For moving around? If you hold Y you move faster
Was literally thinking exactly that just now while making a new course. That the right stick could be put to use.
I'm not sure I can make this work for my own courses. I already have my own uploaded courses saved... but I don't see the the difficulty in the coursebot.
Take note, Sony. When even **Nintendo**, as the family friendly company out there doesn't censor as hard as you, something went wrong for you.
Uhhh Xenoblade 2 for starters?
They left it as is, when if it had been on the WiiU they would have definitely censored many of the character designs.
There should be more tags in general * kaizo * technical/precision * unique/gimmick
Jimny wins again. Jeep owners left in shambles worldwide. Who can stop the Jimny?
**Edit: new code, had to fix some cheese** **113-0JS-KMG** A geometry-focused stage. Yeah, that sounds odd, doesn't it... It's easy and pretty short, check it out and make your fire balls bounce just right!
The prequels are vastly better than the Disney NuWars trilogy at the end of the day. Disney completely mutilated characters we know, especially Johnson.
But Reddit told me traveling is evil and "raping the planet" due to emissions?
Or we can point out when something (AV's implementation) has broken the state of the game.
They do, but you only win AV as Alliance in premades. Especially with the legion client glitch being present and giving Horde super easy access to the Alliance base.
Horde is the more popular faction in general. That said, I picked a balanced server on purpose - because I like the balance. But no, queues had to be cross realm. Now my once balanced server is a shitshow. Zero alliance out in the world cause they can just do instant AV.
&gt;What cars do you just know are driven by an enthusiast? Definitely does not apply to the miata.
We'd need them though. Sword and Shield are atrocious and an insult to the franchise and its core games. The sooner we get to forget about them and get an actually proper good core game again the better.
&gt; Was willst Du jemandem sagen, der aus ökologischen Gründen einen sehr sparsamen Lebensstil hat (kein Auto, keine Flugreisen, kleine Etagenwohnung, wenig Fleisch, kaum Konsum), und der zuschauen muss, wie die Klimakatastrophe sich beschleunigt, weil "die Leute" Änderungen des jeweiligen Lebensstils nur dann akzeptieren, wenn es in Richtung noch größerem Ressourcenverbrauch geht (größere Autos, mehr und weitere Flüge, Konsum steigt an)? Ich finde es toll, wenn du so leben kannst, aber auf Urlaubsreisen und Fleisch werde ich nie verzichten - möchte ich auch nicht, auch wenn ich beim Fleisch schon um einiges zurückgegangen bin und oft auch rein vegetarische speise. Aber komplett verzichten? Nein.
Literally their way of admitting that they royally f* up by not having all Pokémon playable. But they also want to make some extra cash out of it.
&gt; admitting you would never be satisfied no matter what. It's funny because people would have actually been satisfied with "Just another Pokémon game, but on the Switch". But no, they were too incompetent to do that.
&gt;and have just no idea how any of this works Strange considering it's all been proven months ago, but ok. &gt;You have no idea what you want. Sure I do. A normal Pokémon game on the Switch. But I guess that's not something GameFreak can manage to do. Instead they decided it would be a good time to cut out tons of Pokémon.
Ah yes, everything that has bad reviews on metacritic but that *I like* was just "reviewbombed"
Klar, weil gut erzogene Kinder haben ja auch im Laufe des gesamten Lebens eine CO2-Bilanz von null. Laut der Studie von Wynes spart der Verzicht auf ein Kind 58,6 Tonnen CO2 pro Jahr. Vergleich: Bei einem Leben ohne Auto kommt die Studie auf ein Einsparpotenzial von 2,4 Tonnen pro Jahr. Der Verzicht aufs Fliegen spart 1,6 Tonnen im Jahr und das Umstellen auf pflanzenbasierte Ernährung sogar nur 0,8 Tonnen jährlich.
Sword and Shield have sold a lot of copies fast, but by far have not sold the most copies of any entry at all.
Haha yeah right, asking for games to be complete and just be on par with previous titles is "being uptight"
They didn't have the time to... do what? Can you explain? Work on models and animations? They are **the old** animations and models. There is no work involved. They straight up lied about them being newly made. This was proven ages ago already.
Es sollte ziemlich offensichtlich sein, dass es da um Mittelwerte geht.
&gt; Some Porsche design language Which makes this one mediocre looking, just like all the Porsche SUVs. Macan and Cayenne are eyesores.
I eat less meat than I used to, but there is no chance I'll ever give up on meat entirely, I like it way too much to do that - hundreds upon hundreds of meals out there that can't really exist without.
Everyone is assuming it'll be the NE and fittingly be electric, right?
Why doesn't someone just make a car with the inside and parts of a Toyota or Honda but the exterior of an Aston Martin or Jaguar?
You what. It's somehow a bannable offense to do Dire Maul tributes?
Did it 6 years ago. No issue, nothing I miss.
Maybe because like 99% of all people are normal.
It's funny how it's called millionairemakers yet the amount given out to someone is usually just like 2k-4k or so.
Security issues
Yeah, makes it very easy for people. Some camera footage out there showing these kind of thefts shows the whole event being over in under 20 seconds.
I think the exterior still looks good.
Imagine buying a car that can refuse to start up because you didn't download the latest patch.
Keine Ahnung warum die Boston heißt, ist aber eine der besten Pizzen wenn du was bei Dominos holst. Entweder Boston, Dutchman (beide sehr ähnlich) oder Conchita.
Probably isn't too far from reality though in terms of who actually shows up to vote.
Mate, try the Bentley and Aston Martin configurators. Holy moly SO MANY PAINT COLORS. SO MANY!
&gt;honestly what got me through was strangers on Reddit telling me I could make it Really? Kind of surprising. I usually view random "You can do it guy I don't know!" messages the way I see those "thoughts and prayers to all the victims and their families" comments. Kind of useless. But hey if it helped you maybe I am wrong.
This is why Trump won btw. Because Clinton manages to be even less likable, that's how bad she is.
She (the Clintons in general, really) benefit from the status quo. Anything but Bernie going after the top rich people.
The actually hilarious take from this is "Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg rises to 10% nationally, leading former Mayor Pete Buttigieg by 2 points" How?
Imagine saying "big fucking deal, so what if he just called some dude a pedo for zero reason" and thinking that's some kind of defense. Laughable.
It's pretty scary to imagine that half of all voting Americans think "Yeah I like what I've seen of Trump the past 4 years and will vote for him again". Just let that sink in.
&gt;Some changes minor changes are/were needed Classic wasn't "vanilla as it used to be" from the getgo. Much larger population caps, layering, spell batching... Stop pretending. If anything, Classic is a worse version of Vanilla. And with the changes Blizz is doing now it's only becoming even worse.
I've previously played Azur Lane, E7, King's Raid and AFK Arena. Looking for something that is * somewhat fresh and alive (not already super old and barren playerbase) * if there is rerolling, it's an easy process and doesn't make your tear your hair out over days * preferrably turn/atb based and not live action where you have to move around with a "joystick" thumb control.
Sounds and looks worse though.
So you're saying you don't get killed by Horde every 5 meters moving through Gorge or Burning Steppes?
Can we please just make it so BGs aren't the optimal way of getting honor? Because that way, Alliance 60s would return to the open world, whereas right now in any 50+ zone it's 95% Horde because they are the only ones with enough time inbetween queue pops to look for extra honor. Seriously Blizz needs to do something. I play on a (previously) balanced server with about even numbers both sides, yet AV has ruined said balance and now you get nothing but Horde people ganking every 5 steps out in the open world. Meanwhile Alliance pvpers all sit in town doing one BG after the other.
Nice smugness and all but people told Blizz some of their ideas were bad from minute 1, back when the first people got to playtest Classic.
The fusing orb vendor recipe. I should've made use of it a long time ago already, it's so handy. Especially early on and while leveling.
&gt;Removing the opportunity cost of managing your stash is an enormous change to ask for. I'm sorry but you lost me here. There is no possible argument one could make in good faith about it being annoying to sort your stash and how that is a positive. That's some "well it's GOOD that you get 19 afk traders for every one who replies" tier shit.
Ebenso. Ich verstehe einfach nicht wie sich Leute sowas hier zum Beispiel: https://youtu.be/abfoRM9H79c anhören können. Ist mir schlicht unbegreiflich.
Ja... """"Musik""""' https://youtu.be/abfoRM9H79c
Why is Delirium going core? The cluster jewels, sure, but who asked for Delirium to stay? I don't know anyone.
I get SF, ZG and Ony every week on my hunter and except for one time it's pretty much always been easy to do.
Yep, Fargo. At least Season 1, the best one.
Anything that came out somewhat recently and isn't years old already and good fun? I'm kinda feeling done with Azur Lane. Something a bit more turn based RPG style would be great, bonus points for fair f2p system and nice cute graphics.
And it's a useless tumblr gif
You can be against needless killing with no purpose but still be okay with animals being killed for food.
&gt;Looking at MTF trans in women's sports I argued about this quite some time ago and was instantly banned from insanepeoplefacebook. I'm sorry, but this is an issue that cannot be ignored. It is simply biologically unfair for female born athletes to have to compete against trans athletes.
This might not be a cool car anyone looks at in the US, but in Europe you don't see V8s everywhere, nor do you constantly see Mustangs, Corvettes, Challengers, Camaros and whatnot, so even this will definitely turn a head or two. Plenty of power for those EU roads anyway.
And let's not forget the part where 90% of all wagons are ugly.
Are you incapable of writing "you" and "your"?
So I assume this means AQ will actually go live middle of July. Probably July 14th/15th reset. Gonna be a gigantic mess the opening event. Fun ahead!
Most popular servers are locked so you don't get new players. That's the issue.
Whatever results in the Viper coming back
What's the best and most up-to-date overall guide for new players? I feel so overwhelmed by the 27462 different mechanics, layers, features and things this game has. Unsure what to do or not use (save) with all these currencies and so on.
Vanilla didn't have layers or crazy spellbatching either. What now?
Aber nur, wenn du jedes Tier "Brudi" nennst.
Please fix the wind buffeting Toyota.
Nice jacket! Also r/13or30
It's common knowledge in the industry. If you want to *drive* a Ferrari, don't work for Ferrari but instead for Honda or Toyota or w/e.
Lmao this is Blizz's answer to flying wallhacking bots destroying the economy? What a pathetic company they have become. It's clear they have absolutely no clue how to actually stop *botting*.
Who cares about the leveling process though? It's about what is good at 70+
I vote for a nice yellow option.
I see the mica blue very rarely compared to the other ones
Imagine if GameFreak actually have 20% of the shit that Bamco does with this game (or Pokken). The main games could look so good if they just put in any effort at all.
If you're on a phone, yeah. If you're on a 27+ inch monitor, hell no.
They didn't ban 74k bots today. That's just what they claimed they banned within the past x months. The effect is negligible.
Just about nailed it. This looks incredibly "generic big sedan".
Try a Mitsubishi 3000GT vr4 if you want to hate your life
War immer ein riesiger Gummiball drin. Der wurde dann brutal durch die Halle gekickt
lmao
I've been playing for a long time and still find it complicated when you couple it with trying to set up your farm in the most efficient way.
I'd pay a hundred bucks for the superpower that lets me forever blindly plug in any USB-style connector first try without even looking. Wouldn't pay a thousand though.
I understand she's a major voice when it comes to climate change and all, but what does she have to do with BLM and why would anyone ask or interview her about it?
How many more final final ultimate extreme most efficient versions will we get? I don't feel like rebuilding my garden every few hours. Might just wait a few days and see what the latest ultimate super layout is then.
I'm in a weird spot where I didn't really like Delirium (absolut shit performance aside even) but I'm also not really sold on Harvest.
May I introduce you to the Tempest league?
I'd rather ride the bus than go in a fucking Golf. Some of the ugliest cars out there. Hate them.
The only people who shout about muh guns are funnily enough the same ones who are racist as shit and support a president who is actively making a mockery of the constitution.
Sorry, this is an actual matter of importance so you won't get anything. If you had posted some silly meme you could have gotten a 2 second tumblr gif reply, but alas.
&gt; Grand Theft Auto Star Wars? Man, can you imagine? Maybe just a section of Naboo, Coruscant and Tatooine. Holy shit it could be amazing.
What covid 19 lockdown? It's pretty much over almost everywhere.
I don't even blame Chris for no longer giving a shit. He's so rich now it's kind of whatever.
&gt; There should be posts about sick crafts, crafting strategy, garden optimization... but instead we get this Wow it's almost like people complain because they have a valid reason to do so. The league is lackluster and GGG going back on what they said re: paid tabs is disappointing. These are obviously big topics right now. No one cares about "check my craft" post #3927849
Is there any more efficient method to turning skystone into bookmarks than the 50 bookmarks + 400 stigma pack for 950 each?
I wish it meant Chrysler and Dodge would officially come to Europe, but it won't.
The Urus looks much sportier from the side
Instead of a new i8 you could buy an AMG GT-R, or an Acura NSX or GT-R Nismo. Imagine saying "Nah, I'll get an i8 instead".
Agree. That nardo grey style. Absolute eyesore.
Tja, bei über 30 Grad ist es halt sehr unangenehm ne Maske stundenlang drauf zu haben. Da will man zwischendurch wenigstens mal ein bisschen atmen.
Yeah. This will be the most dead ghosttown league ever a month from now. So many already left.
Not really. I can take my pet through all of BWL without it dying. And yes I want kings, might and motw on it.
Ich rede ja auch vom Job und nicht von 10 Minuten im Rewe.
If you want a nice grey look at something like the Mercedes Selenite Grey Magno... just please not that flat primer.
If the table closest to the kitchen isn't repurposed as the kids' homework study place I ain't eatin' there.
No one uses IF anymore, everyone is in SW
The same car with the same look and same wing but just a little bit of extra interior comfort and less "look at us removing x thing to save half a kg" would be perfect to me. Watched Doug's vid on this and I feel like they went overboard with unneeded weight saving measurements when really most of what they removed has barely any impact on weight, it just looks like it does while sacrificing interior quality and comfort.
So it bothered you that some people actually posted *unpopular* opinions? Lmao
I would rather walk than ever drive this absolute piece of ugly crap. Goddamn is it bad.
People won't like it, but on average, men are at an inherent advantage due to faster reaction times.
I will never be a fan of names that are like "K5", "CX3", "330", "SC-5" or whatnot. I prefer actual names. Oh well, I guess the Optima name didn't go over too well and I'm sure they did their research on it.
Never, RF or nothing!
cringe
