&gt; the tax reform 14.99 for normal people. 4.99 if you can prove you own a corporation, plus free extra cheese.
The only problem is that we haven't yet invented shots that restore you to perfect health and eliminate all radiation for 100 bottle caps yet. Without those, Fallout survival mode becomes a lot less fun to experience sadly. Let's invent that before we destroy our only planet plz.
Yes. It's not possible to know how much every individual made out of it, but there's many people who made dozens of millions and a handful who made over 100M. If you got in early and stayed in late, it was obviously hyper profitable. It's obviously all based on speculation rather than providing value to society, but what isn't nowadays?
I thought it was very good personally. Liz was badass, the mood and the tension and the shots were solid, it really established Liz's new personality and she's much more interesting than before. Plus it was more personal than 'generic police procedural'. Obviously there's no accounting for taste though.
The only way Joffrey was 6/6/6 was if you count the base +3 and his advisors's skill bonuses :p
Yes. Too many individual unit movements being tracked and too many tags in general, especially pulled into wars simultaneously, will do that. Long lags at key moments and general sluggishness.
Talk about it to your friends with Netflix. The odds of season 3 are largely going to depend on how much its watched on Netflix in the next couple months.
I suppose in a culture where assassination appears to be a fast track to promotion, a really paranoid emperor might want to keep their identity secret, ruling through proxies or giving orders strictly through a screen. Otherwise their name would be known, especially to their enemies.
Evil empires always have the best uniforms.
Well it's pretty obvious, duh. Only 5 MIL.
They were tightly packed against their will on overcrowded ships and had no say in what their destinations would be. It was never 'eh, go away we don't care how far'. The plan was to ensure they would be spread apart far and wide against their will; those who ended up in there were lucky, because a trip that short wasn't lethal. A substantial amount of those sent to far-flung colonies by force died en-route, so being assigned to New-England was essentially as good as it got for them :/
Faut aussi voir la valeur de revente la dedans, ces 6m carrés (intérieurs) montent de prix beaucoup plus rapide que l'ensemble du marché immobilier. Tout dépends de l'endroit, mais de ce que je vois dernièrement des les nouveaux projets pas trop mals situés, a 20K tu es dehors et personne en veut. A l'intérieur c'est 60 et on se les arrache.
I used to think 'political dynasties' were the worst thing the USA came up with, those were the days! HA! Compared to 'celebrity politics' it was quite manageable :p
Pas de pot sauf si tu es proprietaire! ;)
En fait un téléphone prépayé acheté cash c'est effectivement 'comme dans les films'. C'est encore vendu et dans les systèmes des compagnies de télécom c'est identifié par numéros plutôt que noms de clients. Les moins chers chez BestBuy sont 50$ avec une carte de 10$ dessus. Pour ce prix, toi aussi tu peux dramatiquement cassez un flip en deux sans raison et le jeter aux vidanges après un seul appel.
&gt; (sometimes minutes) Try nanoseconds even. Most transactions are automated by scripts based on programmed thresholds now, and in the Game of Stocks competition is so fierce that trading is down to nanoseconds rather than milliseconds. Real estate near major indexes has become priceless because major traders want every edge to cut down on exchange latency. Blue chip stocks change hands at dizzying speeds to the extent it would be a technical challenge to even compile a full list of who owned these shares since, nevermind reverse the trades. But yes, you're right. No way to turn back the clock. Only realistic option is to fine or charge someone suspected of insider trading or securities fraud.
C'est pour ça que j'ai pris le temps de tenter d'expliquer la logique derrière le terme, mais je comprends. C'est définitivement pas le meilleur mot a utiliser. Historiquement on disait "Unrequited Love" pis tout les gens comprenaient le sens sans que ce soit passif-aggressif.
Oh you do. Stawp hearing about it, play it haha!
It's a very interesting read, and though I've never set foot in North Korea and likely never will, the fact that smartphone was locked down so tightly reminds me of an experiment we ran at work for fun in our downtime. In between tech calls, we installed the North Korean 'Red Star' Linux distro on an old paperweight desktop, and we put it behind a another one that was configured to effectively act as a router with thorough logging. None of us spoke Korean so we couldn't navigate much of the GUI but the console obviously worked as usual. The exercise was meant to infirm or confirm something we read online that proved to be true; as soon as it has an internet connection, the OS calls home with some of the most through logs about user activity I've seen in my life. Red Star is essentially a huge spyware disguised as an OS. This is extra odd because domestically, extremely few North Koreans, the intended target audience for the OS, have any access to the internet at all. The only logical conclusion is that when Red Star was developed, they expected it to be used abroad, perhaps mainly in South Korea? Obviously outside of little tests like ours, almost nobody outside North Korea ever used it. Its currently seeded by a handful of people on major torrent trackers, almost certainly just for fun. None of the TBP seeds have NK-based IP classes.
&gt;medievil Perfect, whether it was intended or just a typo.
Ah yes the famous War for the Reconquest of Brescia and the oinking of Crete.
Generally the best use of alcohol ;)
A friend of mine worked there for 4 years. Extremely well paid job and very comfortable if you are an educated MALE white westerner. Bonus points cause he faked interest in maybe converting to Islam which made him an immediate hero and got him huge raises after the first year. Gotta hand it to the guy, he knows how to play any system. He's full on atheist.
Karaman can form the sultanate of Rum if left unchecked here. It has several of the things that make the Ottos strong, especially it's unique government form that yields above average rulers. Obviously still not as big a threat as 1444 Ottomans though.
It wouldn't be the worse idea to pick Exploration as Aragon and help colonize and steer Castille towards the New World by filling up Ivory Coast asap. Then again I almost always colonize. I know it's not everyone's favorite.
With the last major DLC, CoC; it was after all about Islam. There's a wiki about Rum if you wish. It's idea set is excellent, comparable to the Ottos. I haven't yet seen the AI pull it off but it could in theory.
It's a long shot still to even guess they'll get to the good place at all. But if they do, I'm sure the writers will have tricks up their sleeves to keep it fresh.
Concessions to ridiculous and one sided demands is a mistake. Congress has to ratify abandoning NAFTA and they won't unless we kindly provide them with a better deal. If we simply call the bluff, Trump will threaten to pull out, but he won't have the votes in the Senate even though his party has a majority.
Iberia has long been overdue for review, I really expected them to have a turn before going back to France/perfidious Albion, but we'll just have to wait. Paradox does map changes in small batches only. HRE definitely has too many tags still using generic ideas and the HRE mechanics, especially regarding revoked privileges and vassal feeding, really are full of room for improvement.
Yes and the Dutch. Basically Paradox felt the English Channel trade node needed a buff ;)
Yeah, Spain will get it's day in the sun but it should have been prioritized imo.
Yup, if someone could teach their AI to also colonize towards the interior or basically always prioritize their CN provinces, that'd be great.
It's based on earning potential. If you have Bill Gates baby you can ask for many millions a month.
Très joli!
I like Junimos huts too but that clearly complicates things huh?
Same patch of course. If you use complex mods they'll probably need to be updated again though so just one thing to keep in mind.
Even 9 or 8 were pretty bad imo ;) I didn't remember him being adverse to technology before though. Guess 'daddy' is getting old!
I mean we all call our parliamentary procedures the Westminster system. There may be reasons why there are some similarities ;)
Musk's underwater mansion is pretty amazing though.
Yeah. Also why on Earth would she send him his dinosaur bones after that? Having "killed" his only leverage as far as she knows, Papa Pope should be in a dark hole being fed nothing but the crushed dinosaur bones baked in stale bread, no?
Hell at that point it's even legal. Can't be accused of collusion if you own the whole market :p
That would be weird given it's supposed to heal all wounds, lift the burden of sins and, in some legends, grant immortal life.
If I can mod back a few key repeatable missions alongside this, I will. Taking our repeatables altogether isn't great.
The repeatable missions are getting cut and it's fair to point out that even though tag specific missions are more flavourful and important, most missions we had through the game were the generic ones. From conquest to colonial to religious, Imperial missions, economic missions, trade missions, east Asia outposts missions, conversion missions.. it seems like a lot of stuff to gut out. A few may be given to individual trees but many will just be lost.
Adulthood is at 15 years in EU4. Why would the king waste 3 perfectly good, prime wife years like that? :p
Mes petits pois en cacanne ne gouteront plus jamais comme avant :/
Bon jour du gateau redalastor et Jeannaimard!
They had paper Mana to burn so they bought ADM64 early for this.
Imagine how big we'll be able to write ULM across Eurasia now!
Suggestion about the theme of the sub, could the 'upvote sword' be brighter/constrast more? Its difficult to know for sure whether youve upvoted someone without squinting or turning off the theme hehe.
If someone is dying in front of you of blood loss and you must pick which to use with zero information I guess it makes the gamble less random..
Yep. Even if it wasn't made with love, the fact it was made at all guarantees the fight won't last.
Especially since it's a felony to buy it for another person and put your name on the papers.
&gt; "believed to be Putin's Daughter" &gt; Uh is that cause she looks like Putin in a wig? For security reasons, they never confirmed they were father and daughter. She lived outside Russia most of her life. But its pretty much an opens secret.
I didnt see it that way. She saw something redeemable in her at that moment. You dont let someone die for nothing if theres hope for them yet.
By the Age of Enlightenment? Indeed I havent. Because theres not enough open land left, if any ;)
Promouvoir le Français, voir limiter l'immigration pour mieux l'intégrer je veux bien. Mais si il reste des stratèges au PQ qui ne regrettent pas la Charte, je mange mes bas. C'était une gaffe monumentale et extrêmement divisive. On peut pas sérieusement en demander une deuxième assiette.
In most fiction whenever humanity has a world government it ends up in Switzerland, often Geneva. Neutral ground I guess plus a lot of major working languages.
Stan doesn't ask for a beer. He just opens your fridge. :)
&gt; mothball your navies Well not the light ships, especially for Portugal. They are the main way to gain a larger share of the trade node than Castille/Spain. Having lots of light ships at full maintenance makes quite a difference. Give your trade fleet an admiral with good Maneuver score. Another suggestion would be to look at the provinces in north Morocco that are part of the Seville trade node. You want to conquer these OP, for more trade power. Building marketplaces will help as well. For sure Castille will reap a little more for a long time unless you attack them, but I wouldn't advise that to a beginner. Portugal is shielded from the wars of Europe thanks to them.
In general when creating a client state or a new colonial nation, I like to gift them a little money so they don't debt spiral off early expenses.
There's no winner in a trade war. We are definitely taking a GDP growth hit, as will the US. Might we suffer less than others? Maybe, but that shouldnt be anyone's definition of a win.
The reason I didn't cry at the train scene is basically because we know the future. Though P and E will never be able to safely go to any country with extradition to the US, Henry and Paige (after lengthy interrogation) will be in the clear. 5 years after the finale they'll be adults with passports perfectly allowed to visit Moscow or dozens of decent non extradition countries where they can see their parents again. Paige and Stan will be there to help Henry with his questions in the meantime. 5 years from now they'll all meet again, hell soon they could have McDonalds in Moscow. This finale would have been dark as hell if it actually aired in 1987. But 30 years later if you know your history, it's a far happier ending than any of the characters could have known or portrayed. Its part of why it's great.
Yeah they did. Also once it's safe in 92 post collapse P&amp;E would probably reach out to them themselves, you can make a phone call from Moscow after all. The odds of them seeing each other in a no-US-extradition country are actually excellent.
I suspect Grigor will fake going along with it, but really will stay team Axe because they have a relationship now. I do not expect Axe to take this lightly. I guess they're headed for a full break, possibly with legal drama about who the algorithm belongs to. Axe canned that team but Taylor used Axe Cap work product as the basis for continuing development.
Its entirely likely this was very late game and all of the world's empty provinces were filled up. At that point youre smart to drop Exploration and so Spain would be left with only it's Ideas colonist.
Correct. When you buy them it also shows at the top which color chicken you rolled when you're picking its Coop, so you can cancel and try again until you get the colors you want.
Its not about how it feels, its about looking good while you're doing it ;)
They give white eggs always. So if youre min maxing, you could choose to avoid brown chicken and only get white and blue chicken for optimal stackability.
I'll grudingly accept 6 millions to wear their narrow shoes. Don't expect me to play though. That's just to wear the damn shoes. Maybe a photo shoot.
That's very unlikely she's a sweet girl. Thing is, if she ever gets the flame (and that seems likely) then she'll have the memories of all past commanders, that can probably change you a lot. What was your excuse, Octavia?
My understanding was that it's every memory, the flame is basically a drive that stores perfectly the contents of every commander's life. But they havent dwelt on the mechanics very long they could change how it works I guess.
Its one of several little hints of character growth from her. I think on some level she realizes Gilead went too far in the wrong direction, I suspect she'll eventually admit she regrets part of it, things like Fred refusing to let the best doctor tend to a baby are piling up and eating away at her. After all babies were her main motivation.
Assuming Gilead was to collapse completely.. Unless there's evidence of early terrorism involvement, she could easily argue that despite her old ideas she was pushed out of the whole thing very early on by men. Only a partial truth, but who would be in the mood to execute women without hard evidence of the highest crimes?
As long as it only slightly delays the richest getting all the wealth, UBI has a chance to actually exist I suppose :p Any system that can *prevent* that can likely only ever be implemented through violent revolution.
I would probably have added a Krieger looking stormtrooper who manages to flee the battle to mess with the audience hehe
Yup and this isn't even his final form haha, can't wait to see him in the finale
Physically yeah I can see that. I'm not sure yet whether she's impressed me enough to be a series' lead but I think it's the character's personality rather than acting skill I'm unsure about.
Her magic seems pretty decent already clearly they've taught her tricks beyond lighting candles.
J'en doute. Ce qu'il a proposé c'est de baisser le prix minimum mais aucun fabriquant n'a annoncé qu'il en profiterait pour revenir a 1$. C'est très peu probable que ce soit viable économiquement maintenant comme point-prix.
.. probably won't happen. Lowering the minimum price doesn't mean that it's still viable to make 1$ beer. Production costs have increased since. That was 10 years ago.
Et maintenant en plus de tariffs, il dit explorer l'idée d'envoyer Pence au G7 à la place, pour pas avoir à voir Trudeau ni aller au Canada...
C'est quand même spécifiquement parceque Trudeau aurait été trop cinglant fasse aux tariffs et pas assez aplatventriste dans le dossier du libre échange qu'il veut pas le voir selon le WP. Il a peut être aussi peur d'etre seul avec 6 leaders fâchés, tous beaucoup plus brillants que lui. Ce serait son genre.
En effet, mais c'est bien qu'il l'ait souligné. Quand l'executif de l'union européenne dit 'plus qu'une province' c'est vraiment pas un mauvais signe du tout. DeGaulle lui même n'avait pas mesuré la portée de ses paroles, selon lui, son gouvernement et sa biographie. Selon lui, ce n'était pas un appel ou un appui a l'indépendence en soi, juste une phrase utilisée souvent a l'époque pour célébrer les peuples occidentaux qui ne vivaient plus opprimés par les fascistes ni les communistes. J'ai quand même l'impression qu'il a été moins surpris de la portée de la phrase qu'il a bien voulu avouer.
Maybe it was but I'll take a finale that ties up everything neatly over some crazy cliffhanger that just makes you go ugghhh.
C'est une interprétation. Mais comme le dit l'article, puisqu'ils ont reconnu un méfait avant d'avoir eus leur citoyenneté, ils sont, sauf la mère, sujet à déportation. Si les procédures en ce sens sont entamées, la recommandation de la couronne à un sens. En effet si il y avait eu prison, ce n'est qu'une fois les peines complétées qu'ils auraient pu examiner cette option. Pourquoi payer pour la réhabilitation d'une famille si on veut la déporter?
Apparently the whole season finished airing elsewhere according to Wikipedia and yet no trace of its existence online. Its a bit weird after all this was a high budget show. So far I've only seen the first 2 seasons.
What about karma?
You were.. not wrong. (Ok it's not Skyrim but still. ES mobile game this fall)
Oh of course, the place where you find the first Cook :) I named it 'Xaurip island' in my new game on your behalf haha.
They're making him into a real part of the family, either because he gets to be happy with Rebekah in the end, or to make his dramatic death all the more emotional. Could go either way. Plec killed Stephan at the end of TVD so nobodys safe.
Then again Hope is essentially the only character we know for sure must survive all this, so that lessens the tension a little!
Pour un taux d'emprunt complèt compétitif, on peux t'aider a financer ton or.
Let the pound crash, buy all memes!
&gt; If you go to the forge and talk to Captain Lomond you can create a diversion which enables you to fight Benweth 1 on 1. After killing him you should be able to sneak out again. I did this but with a few variations. I avoided getting caught, explored the fortress, freed Lorne's crew and killed the dock workers.. but before ringing the bell in snuck in near Benweth, manage to pickpocket all his loot including 5 black pearls and other decent stuff, then he caught me but I used diplomacy to talk him into paying me off (1000 gp or reputation, guards become friendly) - at this point you can recruit Mirke - then I still went and rang that bell, triggering the outside cutscene where he freaks out. Killed him. He had all the loot on him over again (different map). Then I simply butchered everyone else in the entire keep, save of course for those sailors who stole the ship and I also spared the Cook I think. Thats probably the slow way but you get to see all the quests and get all the loot, some twice over. Also its been reported you get nothing for letting him live so.
You're right and yet it's too easy for it to spread accidentally anyway, perhaps the enemy gets a good relations event or improves relations with you and you don't notice etc. So definely mark my neighbors rival/hostile when I have a secret institution I want to keep to myself.
Haha yes, before I was really scratching my head trying to figure out how she had those Sydney Bristow level moves... then it all made sense haha.
On the plus side airing it three episodes at a time will be much more fun. My Saturday mornings are booked for the next month :)
When plot armor fails, there's always plot videogame regeneration.
Think they meant that they're back to 2043 now so they'll encounter old Deacon, who wasn't exactly housebroken. He's a savage warlord/Scav King back then.. Of course ours likely survived in the future too, angry sure, but he'd know there was little they could do.
Her plan didn't seem too well thought out either way this episode. I'm not seeing yet the bigger picture of how she expects this all to work out. But I have faith.
Why were you ever, out of curiosity?
I love the pacing this season, these 3 episodes were packed with stuff, revelations, better understanding of what's going on. Its likely because it's the last season and they're condensing a little, but it feels good compared to some parts of the prior seasons where they progressed slowler.
Id say its best for tablets and phablets. The biggest issue doesnt seem to be size (zoom works fine) but rather getting used to play without mouse and keyboard. Its significantly more hassle to play IMO, but mobility is nice sometimes. If youre at home I'd stick to PC.
What would you say are the best classes for those who DONT like micro management? :)
Maybe the fact it still happens means the /r/outside is a pretty bad game experience and could use a few patches.
They use it for ammo and drugs. I guess they use metric for the things they love, at least :p
They were stealth nerfed with 1.24 no documentation in the notes. On the forums the lead dev even dared pretend it's actually a buff because you get money now. Maybe if you're Navarra or something, but for a typical player sized empire, the permanent country modifiers of yore were way better. Especially if you found Saguenay.
Nice try, 1.2 nerf team ;)
When China pulls a solid achievement such as massively expanding its subway networks at speeds unheard of in the west "well they're really capitalists now that's why" but the rest of the time its "lol commies they have ghost towns and will implode soon reckt"
Yes, also that. France was considered to have the world's best army in the interwar years. It did the heavy lifting in defeating the central powers and it's defensive doctrines were considered excellent.
I'm not sure the baby storyline is that wrapped up, after all Joan can get one elsewhere. Hopefully she changes her mind though, a baby around wouldn't add much to the show. One thing they did seem to finally wrap up is the concussion story, glad to be done with that myself tbh.
Beyond requiring reasonable maintenance, a navy more than pays for itself if the bulk of it is light ships used to protect your trade. In Castilles case, a navy will allow you to retain way more trade power that would otherwise flow to Genoa.
Damn I thought I was good, but I still can't do this trick where she looks at a disconnected USB drive and guess exactly whats on it. Teach me your magic, Raven. ;)
Eder F/R, Xoti Priest, I'm a F/Wiz, Serafen (Cipher), Pell Paladin/Chanter. I think I'll replace Serafan with Maia, maybe on and off. I personally like Xoti but hey, nobody likes them all.
[Completely OP - plz nerf.](https://orig00.deviantart.net/788a/f/2007/151/f/0/mean_babar_by_gunrando.jpg) ;)
This season is really mostly about setting things up for Hope's show it seems.
Probably. "Hey we could use Nazi vampires to remind everyone it's important to think about social justice and diversity!"
Might have been "Any work you can throw my way?" "Sure the Originals" "Oh yeah! Great I'll be like a powerful vampire?" "Actually.. you'll be Matt."
Either that or a magical solution, I mean astral projection takes just a few moments too, depending on the distance to the cemetery it might beat vamp speed even.
I liked it. Basically saying he wouldn't mind her witching him to near death on the regular, knowing she can't kill him. Can't be worse than the torture dagger thing, he's pretty much fine with physical pain.
I think it's a choice yes. A poor one at that, you don't give up a chance to be immortal if the consequences are reasonable. Seeing someone you love grow old and eventually dying - big deal. You get to stay young forever, and survive lethal wounds, you take it. And whatever magic can do it can undo. There's ways to break these connections, kill yourself, if you change your mind one day..
Also if you live a thousand years looking this pretty, you probably have a list near the triple digits lol
Seems possible although I'd like the originals to survive and if one must go, it probably shouldn't be Elijah. Klaus is a wreck without him.
I avoided killing to get the good ending but I dislike how they tied combat difficulty to story that much. I don't play games for how hard they are, at least not this kind, so linking XP to endings eeh. Still fun time overall.
Yeah I don't know the whole plan but they're not going to live happily ever after in "Portland"
&gt; Balancing isn't over right? Lol not a chance. Obsidian nerfs hard and often, the dev in charge of it believes in whacking moles as long as he has to. 3 years after Pillars 1 he finally ran out of the things to nerf after going after sabers I think. Dont worry its gonna get harder, but also don't get too attached to any strategy or synergy that works particularly well.
Its way more fun to fight two but yeah you need a very strong team. I like to do things the hard way whenever possible still. I like it when devs make sure it's acknowledged even if only in minor ways. Like a mention on Shadowland.
True. But mind you thanks to the tomes, the difference between races is minimal. 18 to 19 STR can be huge but 19 to 20 isnt too broken. At least not any more than a 19 STR 20 Dex Elf.
Haha more or less; they're about vampire purity and superiority over 'lesser' supernaturals and have use some Nazi insignia so it's pretty fair to call them so but they haven't called themselves so. But they're intended to portray the vampire equivalent for sure. Why are you reading spoilers if you're not watching yet? ;)
I can't tell you! The Witness would know, don't drink the tea!!
I was as happy as Jennifer, but I probably forgot something, why was the wink convinced her so completely? And more importantly if he's on their side and has the weapon, why do they need to go to WW2 next to try and get it first?
This guy is really great. Most valued unlikely reoccuring ally.
Very well sung. However not something she really should have risked singing in front of Nazi leadership really, a useless risk. Many of the leadership spoke fluent English and would have considered the lyrics outrageous, possibly to the extent of shooting her on the spot (as they did for having the wrong piece of newspaper in the intro). She'd have been wiser to sing one of her prior French signer career hit pieces. After all they are in early defeated France and some Nazis were at least interested in discovering French culture in general.
Gee even the coup people are still at it. Meet the plot of season 2, same as the plot of season 1 but with nukes. ;)
Raven was about to destroy the only tool that could save dozens of lives though. Maybe for Abby it was mostly about the pills at that point, but objectively it was better to stop her before she wrecked a medical tool..
By the time you get to Deadfire at this pace, all the DLCs and patches will be out ;) Enjoy, Pillars 1 is great!
Definitely the better move. Mind you, you can absolutely win the Surrender war instead but it's much easier to do it on your own terms a little bit later than in 1445.
I've experienced a problem with 2.5 that prevents party selection shortcuts from working altogether, even with rebound keys, but it didn't affect BG2 only Bg1 and Dragonspear. It was still annoying enough that I set it aside to finish Deadfire first, by then surely 2.5 will be released.
Infinity Engine has a curse. Everytime you stomp a bug two appears. Originally they wanted this out in April but the curse takes its toll ;)
Oh come on. There are extremely few 'primary' sources of the era, and they're all from texts roughly as reliable as the Bible. Let's not ask for the moon, it's already great people tried to dig what they can for you. Hellenism wouldn't make sense in 1066, but the devs were right to guess it was plausible enough in Charlemagne to give them a small footprint. The full truth is practically lost to history.
Lui ont demander d'arrêter de boire sa caisse de bière dans le métro. Maudits méchants policiers.
Oh it's easy. I married them all one by one, had kids with each of them, always divorcing them and turning our kids into birds and magically wiping their minds of all memories after a year using the witch's shrine. By year 7 after birding Maru's babies I decided my favorites were Leah and Abigail. So after some thought I married Abigail again, and unless I change my mind our new toddlers will stay humanoids.
Its OK I'll make you another one.
C'est pas une justification ou une excuse par contre; c'est l'accusation de la procureure. C'est dommage que la position de la défense soit essentiellement absente de l'article..
Ca sousentend "si il avait été fait fort il aurait survécu à la journée dans l'auto" un peu, hors contexte.
C'est pas donner de l'aloes, si vous distribuez ça à la canisse aux grands brûlés gratuitement, je suis prèt à dire une couple d'affaires monstrueusement ignorantes pour en avoir aussi ;)
C'est l'ADQ rebrandee qui a perdu beaucoup de ses candidats qualifiés. Plus à droite économiquement et socialement que le PLQ. Si c'est ce que les gens veulent, ok go, mais faut savoir ce que vous achetez à l'intérieur du sac mystère.
You're not wrong. You're not making things easier on you disclosing any mental issue more than you must. For example sure you might need to disclose it on taxes for medical expenses, they won't share. But don't go disclose it when your renew your driver liscense otherwise oops you need extra tests to drive and doctor forms, there's a special code on your liscence, and cops start asking you about what meds youre on during traffic stops... what's that, anxiety pills? DUI.
Tas des bons contacts qui te font ça pas cher alors c'est sûr. Le monde qui achètent sais-pas-trop-quoi à Émilie Gamelin eux par contre vont avoir une garantie que le produit est safe et au même prix a peu près en boutique. Pis ils vont avoir des produits comme de l'huile que le dealer aura peut être pas. On est nombreux qui vont trouver ça attrayant.
Its lying. 'delete' doesn't even work sadly. Lying bot, WE ARE HUMANS, you hear that?! ;)
Tbh people hate it everywhere. Until the day that goddamn mandatory helmet saves their life obviously.
They do. Its still rather rare outside US cities, but there geez. In New York there are plots you can buy for half a million or go for a scheme where you only pay 100k but your heirs have to pay a sum yearly for *eternity* and if they ever fail to, they dig you up and put the spot for auction. Not quite eternal rest.
"For peace in the middle East there must be a new crusade, because there can be no peace without Jesus" Said unironically by a ultra Catholic aunt of mine about the situation a few years ago... I said it's consistent with her faith and my gameplay. She didn't realize it was a burn.
Right. Frankly given the dark places the game is willing to go on every other topic, and for historical reasons when this was much more common, 12-15 year olds should have a chance to have kids now and then, if only by event.
C'est absolument inévitable. Ils leur offrent des conditions de misère comparées à celles de la SAQ, les employés ne vont pas se laisser faire dans un monopole d'état appelé à devenir de plus en plus rentable.
Unlike Jones I understand her motives less and less tbh. I can sort of see the appeal of a romanticized 'end of time' red forest where you can be forever with those you love without worry or loss, but what the hell does she want to do there? There's no one she loves, what a lame eternity would that be! Not worth destroying space-time over 0/10.
Anyone decent would jump at the chance of giving their kid a shot at a few years of normal life before the world goes to hell. From a time traveling perspective it has no drawback as long as the mission still gets completed.
Kakariko village. Zelda! Hahaha
For sure, chest shots would have been more merciful but they probably didn't think the audience would dwell too long on gunshot treatment in the 15th.
But neither can you call an Uber, Jenn.
That's a far bigger twist than who is mother was. Now he either has to erase himself from existence or lock himself outside our time, perhaps in a mini red forest created by Titan? There's no real "it resets to 2014 and he lives an happy normal life like this never happened" option for him anymore.
Yeah big deal. They're actually only 15 years apart and who cares really, a grown woman can decide who she loves.
I think them ending up in some red forest outside time, but without destroying space time, could fix Cole 'being the Demon's by removing him from time. Cassie may now also carry the plague, if so that would save her life. Titan is already 'outside time' now... I'm thinking however they get there there's a good chance they stop the witness and the timestream but then end up in a red forest / wherever Titan is now after. This could also save Jones.
Wow. Playboy once banned nudity?!
C'est quoi tu comprends pas avec tes onions? Steak, blé d'Inde, patates.
Faut arrêter de marier le pâté chinois avec autre chose que le ketchup. Ils ont une relation fermée.
What it's spent on doesn't change the amount one cent, it's based on GDP. Quebec has better social programs because it taxes more and spends more, which anyone can do. Quebec would get the same amount if the priority was providing guns to baby seals. It's just part of any functional federation, and frankly Quebec is far from the bottom of the pole when it comes to GDP in Canada. Focusing on their larger population is basically.. hating it for having more people than the poorer Atlantic provinces.
Well, mandate penalty is based on the development of any neighbors that don't submit to tribute. If you've been blobbing and/or aggressively developing you have massive development by then. You merely need to neighbor them (threaten war on a neighboring province works) and because a multi-thousand dev empire refuses to submit their mandate will slowly drain. Basically just need to plan a couple decades ahead of time you want to go to war with them.
Interesting. What kind of crazy though? I guess I should read them.
There are performance issues in very long games and since after a few centuries I'm an hegemon usually, I don't really need more time. Plus 1066 is the best balanced scenario and I like starting with higher Legalism and other stuff. For these reasons I usually prefer 1066 still, sometimes even latet. 400 years is enough for me. But yes, I realize I'm in minority there.
Maybe scaling the bonus to learning could be an organic way of showing that as you age, you get the book better and benefit more. It would allow learned adults to get a possibly better bonus than what exists now too, as even an adult with no mind for textbooks won't benefit as much as a scholar. Just an idea though, an age barrier still works.
Yeah. The best of both worlds if you look at attempts abroad is to tax foreign purchases enough to discourage most, but not ban them entirely. I think the big mistake was to wait so long to enact a foreign buyer tax in Vancouver and Toronto, but that the tax itself was probably the best move and the right level. Now we're making the same mistake here by waiting too much again. Montreal needs a 25% tax too now. Condo prices increased 22% so far this year, that doesn't happen without foreign demand.
C'est assez décevant. Je veux encourager les avenues légales mais c'est vraiment peu attrayant. Je vais me reprendre quand ça aura plus d'allure, d'ici là je comprends tout à fait la survie du marché noir.
Well next time call your MP and ask them not to fight it tooth and nail. In my opinion, Meech would have been better than separation and would have satisfied most with no risk and very little cost - hell of a missed opportunity. Also this clusterfuck essentially broke Canada's constitutional process. Now that unanimity is a requirement to amend, it'll never happen even once we direly need it. The bar was set way too high.
Eh, they know the RN won't fire on a EU country in peacetime just for a song.
Je suis pas complètement d'accord, on veut projeter un certain sérieux. Quand des dirigeants étrangers voient l'AssNat faut qu'ils aient l'impression de voir des chefs d'état d'envergure soucieux de leur image un petit peu, ça inspire confiance. Donc sans être contre l'idée d'assouplir légèrement, je trouves qu'il y a un minimum.
Dans la mesure où elle n'a pas été approuvée pas le peuple et de la nuit des longs couteaux, c'est hautement débattable. Ce n'est pas le débat le plus important pour moi, mais connaissant l'histoire, je comprends très bien pourquoi bien du monde ici croient au contraire que c'est l'existance de la charte qui est profondément anti-démocratique.
Critical mass and expectations matters. He's lowered them so much that at this point, I can't fathom what could possibly impeach him. And the damage may be lasting when it comes to your democracy, unfortunately, lowered standards tend to stay low.. :( Wish I had more positive and constructive ideas to offer but at this point it's getting non-trivial.
All those potential PUs definitely make LIT a tag to try. Furthermore instead of being stuck with Electoral monarchy, I believe LIT can still tag switch and become the Tsardom, right? On paper we could be talking about a Lithuanian 'Russia' with western borders that rival the cold war in the 16th century.
I got Community flashbacks instead of thinking about water.
That's a.. normal sex thing, so no point loss.
Yeah that would have ruined some of the fun. Elanore pretending to be Jason was amazing and wouldn't have worked quite as well. I like how there even was tiny acting cues that it wasn't really Jason, like she tried doing an impression of Jason that wasn't quite as good as before with some Elanore mixed in but just a bit? Serious skill.
No, they kinda can't since other DLCs already changed those. They could have at least made it so if you buy this DLC you get those unlocked even if you didn't have the others but eh.
It's almost exactly historical borders, 90 years early hmm.
Dont fight please. I'll drink both.
It's a historical canal, highly useful for French navigation and trade. I wouldn't quite say this makes Iberia qualify for island status IRL though.
Wish all it took to convince the GOP to do good was 200k, that'd be a total no brainer at this point :p
"inadequately treated" can cover everything from incompetence to willful attempts to deny treatment, it's too broad. Its almost always used as a euphemism to make fucked up shit pass as mild innatention though.
China's style in confrontational politics is a bit.. immature for an emerging great power. Reminds me of the Saudi threats too. When serious countries want something, the threats are private, publicly it's just indignation. This works better, it gives your diplomats more tools to work with and you don't look like a fool if you don't end up getting your way.
Court mandated AA is mainly if not only a US thing afaik. It still has shitty success rates in Canada.. but hey, I think those trying for themselves are better off without people who don't wanna be there in the room.
People still think so? I swear just by playing normally, and making the odd small sacrifices in events, I get a pretty good value of Innovativeness without rushing tech more than I did before (I always did rush ideas). Inno ends up maxed eventually though it sure takes most of the game. But then that's 10% on all power costs which is nice.. Totally up for everyone to believe it's still crap but it's probably become my favorite RB feature whenever I'm not playing in that region.
Well that's just silly. They can't possibly consider this working as designed.
This happens a lot. I think they know what they're doing but would rather not admit to nerfs so they phrase it differently or fail to document when it's not too obvious. The new TC trade goods efficiency will lower income from TCs, they went to great lengths to avoid saying it like that. Just like when they called removing without documentation the permanent country modifiers from 7 cities of gold a buff because it gives a handful of ducats once now. Don't they think we play the game? :p
I'm happy enough with Iberia myself too. The only thing that strikes me as odd is as many provinces in the Baleares than Sicily. I know they had to stop somewhere but given its Aragonese, I'd have taken a look at Sicily. Could have used at least another province. That's a pretty small nitpick overall, I'm happy with the work.
Yummy. Russian food is delicious.
Well OP is using the term differently. Normally in this game's informal terminology, hugbox means a strong MP alliance that denies everyone else access to a large region and carve it up among themselves. In the big game in Poland, most of Asia was a giant hugbox for example. Term doesn't really work in SP.
OP since you can obviously do the math, would "artillery_power = 0.1" (RUS) be better late game, even though this is clearly better early game? If so, is the breakpoint mil tech 24 based on your table below, or am I misunderstanding the math / not taking shock phase into account, assuming ART even does something during shock phase? Thanks a lot.
That has not happened yet, two provinces banned it. There's speculation that if an (expensive, protracted) legal suit was brought forth by a private citizen that the courts might side with them either on charter rights or paramountcy. I feel the latter is a bit of a stretch, especially given how the federal bill is worded, but such a ruling would be binding and final. If it's instead struck down on charter grounds (easier to win in court) Manitoba would probably accept it. Quebec would throw a party before invoking the notwithstanding clause, because here it gives the ruling party a guaranteed popularity bump every time they do it. :p
Non, mais ça n'a aucune importance. C'est un crime haineux peu importe sa réponse.
It has the potential to be, sure. But if they start cooperating for the future, they need to sell the motivations really well. This is akin to First Contact, the political echelons around the world would be deeply wary of foreign hi tech travelers that can kill remotely. I think I'll be watching this all night :D
That's why I rewatched season 2 yesterday. I remember season 1 better somehow. Refresher was useful, though it delayed my season 3.
Yeah, even with overwhelming numbers and tactical superiority, soldiers aren't usually so willing to die for no reason by providing the enemy clear lines of sight haha.
As long as you don't have to pledge eternal service to some dark force in the afterlife, that's the kind of bargain that's too good to pass on to save the life of your child. I'd be freaked but I'd take it.
Pretty much. Reminds me a bit of Sally Langston on *Scandal* too.
Yeah custody is about what's best for the kid. If you forget that because you're mad at your ex, youre losing sight of responsibilities as a parent.
Im sure they'll preserve their independence, the FBI are allies of convenience to them, not a real authority. That's the director, and he lives by protocol 1. Plus rejecting authority and doing things your way is a popular tv trope that audiences like. :)
I'm still around, but not working in IT anymore. I really don't feel much need to vent and rant about work anymore, which is great for me, but bad for my post karma ;) Still I had lots of fun writing these stories and who knows, maybe someday there'll be more.
The outlined plan seems solid, although I'm surprised their 2019 update plans seem to include only one free patch and the huge European expansion "near the end of the year". I'm not complaining as I've been wishing for a European/HRE overhaul for awhile and their scope seems larger than usual (and who doesn't want more QoL and less tech debt) but that means development is slowing down quite a bit. Guess we can't expect the next expansion before fall 2019. It makes sense, they're probably planning on moving much of their focus to newer titles, but given how much they brag about how well their DLC sells, it's also a tad surprising.
They did say there would be one free patch before the big DLC. Hopefully some of the fixes and QoL improvements could come there. May not meet your definition of 'quickly' though.
I agree! Its a surprisingly big change of pace, but it's probably the right move. As long as they keep a team roughly the same size working on it, it should pay off.
1) is the thing that annoys me a bit in this list. Why not add an alert when you only have a few months left before it expires?
Je me souviens plus si c'était a Vicky1 ou 2 mais moment donné le Québec de 1836 était 50% de POPs anglophones. J'ai souligner l'erreur le plus poliment possible dans les circonstances. :p
Historians would say no, there's a dozen people who would be more likely to alter the timeline for good and their deaths ensure Hitler doesn't get anywhere. He was an unknown nobody until wealthy, powerful, popular veterans and resentful men like Goering and Ludendorff sided with him in the 20s. He wasn't getting anywhere alone. Kill him early and the more traditional Prussian junta or the Communists take over after the Depression. Kill him later and the SS or Goering does. If the Director had to pick one man to die to try to stave off the rise of Nazi Germany, it would weirdly enough not be Hitler.
Maybe they can find a new twist on it. Definitely don't want the AI to be evil. Morally ambiguous could be fine, but it has to mesh with events so far. And it's hard to see its actions as malevolent. Perhaps it might refuse to stand down after the grand plan is over, insisting that humanity left to its own devices will make the same mistakes or something of the sort.
Yeah someone else guessed the same and I thought it was potentially genius for it all to be an elaborate cover-up. Except then Philip would not be clueless at the end, thanks to his historical updates he'd know. Unless.. the historical updates are intentionally partially misleading. He breached protocol 2H today. Maybe he was deemed dont-need-to-know. It would be brilliant. But sadly I think the seemingly way overkill memory wipe over a happy ending was just a way to add mystery to the episode.
Protecting miners seemed like such a sweet deal back then hahah. Good times.
As long as you credit me as author, and agree I retain commercial rights to my material (just in case), I have no issue with anyone making their copies or showing friends. I wrote them for everyone to see :)
I loved this one myself. Was satisfying from start to finish. Would recommend.
J'ai acheté plusieurs DLC mais moment donné la cupidité va trop loin. Maintenant j'ai hissé le Jolly Rogers.
Yeah. Some of his past behavior may legitimately give them doubts though. It's hard to gain back trust once it's damaged.
I suspect it will be renewed yeah. Would be hell of a waste otherwise.
Yes I know. I find her story tragic, but I'm not diminishing how she inspired the nation nor her legacy. Of course she deserves honour.
Ehh, things are a bit sticky down there.
Well future climate is ruined, so they have to be self contained ecosystems. This requires a certain size for sustainability. Then again we also know life isn't great at all in these domes so clearly even with all the tech they're far from perfect.
Yeah, Netflix taking a show over usually mean a budget increase, not decrease. They are swimming in billions. I have to agree with OP that it doesn't seem like they invested too massively in this season though. But I still like it.
It was definitely a possibility, and might still be, but I'm glad this seems to have bought him more time for now. If they overwrite his personality they have to change the character substantially to sell it, and I like 0115 a fair bit. His old man's wisdom in a young mans body and all. I'd rather keep him.
No advanced technology tho and prison food is really shitty now. Plus the US with its private prisons basically has slave labor built in now.
Imagine throwing up an eye not knowing how it got in your stomach. It's enough to want to throw up the stomach too.
Yep, a beautiful love story.
The AI sees things we don't. Perhaps it's just a matter of allocation of resources but it could also be because he knows what happens to Marcy if he dies, and doesn't want to alter whatever happens next in her life.
Well if they say they haven't made a renewal decision, that implies they have ideas on how to move forward if the decision is yes. It would probably be a bit of a series reboot if they continue. No more faction, experiences from the first attempt still in Mac's mind. Some cast changes perhaps. But they also finished this season in a manner that would be bearable if there's no follow up.
Realistically they won't kill Grant, he's the biggest star here. He will be the new 0001, or perhaps they'll use 0000. He would be the first traveler of the new timeline. Perhaps v2 starts with preventing or mitigating 9/11 (they picked sept 2001 for a reason surely) and travellers start arriving in the early 2000s? Perhaps an offscreen timeskip, suggesting the new program has been working for some time is possible too.
I interpreted "outside of time" as meaning "computers don't age, you'll live in me forever". Certainly not in some pocket of frozen spacetime from which he can see all nor some sort of "red forest". Otherwise archivists would serve no purpose, either, and the effects of travelers' actions would be known ahead of them taking action about anything. This AI would be godlike then.
It's honestly the best way to play it if you aren't guaranteed renewal. Sucks when they end seasons on cliffhangers expecting renewal, that's how you end up with Dark Matter's ending and the like.
They still be there but yes the timeline would be different is Mac gets a messenger. He's just in time to prevent 9/11 for example...
Or everyone knows but you, perhaps? ;) See link, 57% drop in viewership week 1 compared to its 2nd season. https://screenrant.com/daredevil-season-3-ratings-viewers-down-season-2/
He's also the most known/paid actor on the show, the star essentially, so I can't see him dying if there's a S4. However I'm wondering why he isn't just pulling the fire alarms or something, he could mitigate 9/11 with a partial evacuation instead of admiring the view.
Frankly if there's a s04 anything can happen, the events of the first seasons will matter only peripherally (Mac's memories). They could change many hosts/cast or find reasons to reuse the same bodies, it's all wide open, except for Mac.
While 'Director is evil' could be a future plotline (it's open to interpretation) I'm glad they went with the far more plausible and less cliche 'This AI can make mistakes'. As far as we know, it tried all along to improve things. But it might have agendas we can't guess yet sure.
I liked his reaction to Marcy's sacrifice. "Well this is mildly annoying, now I have to wait" XD
I think if we get a S4 at least the faction won't exist without 001. He really masterminded the whole thing in a way that can't quite be duplicated. And it wasn't the best element of the show, plus seeing v2 timeline being slightly less shitty than v1 would be nice.
Yeah. 9/11 had terrible consequences way beyond the initial loss of life tho and those probably still happen if you save a couple hundred more. It's the outrage over the attack and political decisions that lead to 2 wars, the patriot act, widespread hatred of Islam, trillions wasted, political radicalisation of the US rightwing, etc. The attacks would probably need to be prevented completely to spare the world all that. He doesn't have time for that.
Depends on how you want to play. Sure Portugal can be played aggressively, but when I pick it it's usually to focus on colonization and trade, same with the Dutch. If we do everything every time, it can get boring/repetitive.
How could we forget one of the greatest forum ragefests in Paradoxian history.
Yeah, it was highly sought after, and this was clearly a guy who liked prestigious symbols. He built a strategically useless castle in an old style popular in the time of Arthurian legends in aged stone, near Tintagel, and he got that land by trading more valuable ones at a loss too. That's like a rich cosplayer who builds an entire court to play king Arthur. Definitely the kind of guy who wakes up one morning and say "You know what would be nice? Being the Holy Roman Emperor."
Creepy was not my take on it to be honest.. it's love, with deceit. You could say he considers his relationship with her important regardless of any protocols. Not to the extent of jeopardizing the mission, but enough that we can't pretend it's about protocol 5.
It does depend on how quickly OP can restore prestige, but really 1-2 years is very optimistic. In these situations the old ruler usually becomes just like Lizzie and refuses to die for decades while their heir slowly sinks into depression and alcoholism. ;)
Alternatively you can have minimalist decorations, like a wreath and a tiny pre-decorated tree, maybe a few lights on the balcony. Box and unbox in 6 minutes. It's enough unless you have kids to please.
Yeah. Also if the AI was able to plan breaking RMs and being hesitant to commit because of stab loss, then any AI with full diplomatic (which waives the loss) would behave differently. It doesn't because it can't plan this stuff.
Yeah I like how it's not luck based not reliant on hard to pull off alliances or other random factors. He's essentially telling us "lol you can solo them in 1445 with good micro and a few loans" and then even smashes Crimea in the process. It's beautiful.
I'd say a willingness to learn is highly appreciated. My French at least as good as my English so it's never been an issue to me, but honestly, it's possible to live entirely in English in most of Montreal. It's just less pleasant an experience than if you enjoy both. I can't speak to the exact numbers in the rental market without research, but I can say properties remain cheap and construction is strong all around the greater area, so lots of professionals are buying, freeing up rental units too. Ultimately there will always be market fluctuations in any area, but the fundamentally affordable rents will always keep property prices more affordable. It's not impossible that the 'fear of the French' has also helped keep foreign demand more reasonable here. Though it's very real in the high end luxury property market, which is why I think a tax like Toronto's and Vancouver's on foreign buyers would be smart.
No way, if they're not already a vassal they're diplovassalizable. Don't feed the food!
Holy hell, your empire would probably actually collapse from mismanagement and bankruptcy and a vast coalition would form to defeat it as it tries to rebuild. Revolutionary Roman Empire haha. Pretty rare in game to spiral so!
She did have a better option on the table than just pleading guilty, taking the deal Chuck suggested. She wouldn't have needed to pretend to be a performance coach, the sentence would have been far shorter and sealed soon after. It was the smartest option. But hey, I don't hate her for deciding to be honest, it just feels like a waste and slightly inconsistent with how far she was willing to go in the last episodes to make this go away.
Yes, it gets filled up, though the longer explanation is that it may also affect body shape (in totally imperceptible ways). It's a smaller organ than the average dimensions may lead us to believe. The average uterus is only 60 grams, it's not much.
Yeah it's bull, around here they won't let anyone has any sort of permanent birth control (vasectomy etc) before 30, apparently before that you're too young and will regret it. They said there were too many people changing their minds/having regrets when they allowed it at 25... I feel the bar is quite arbitrary though.
He shows enough remorse to be sympathetic but he'd also be considered beyond redemption by many for the things he's done. The fact Witcher throws morally grey at us all the time probably makes it easier to give him a chance. But I didn't feel overly bad the time my actions led to his death.
Mod tools are coming and should make things a lot better for the mod scene, but I don't think they'll allow significant additions to content, though I might be wrong. I was expecting support on par with say, Witcher 3 mods, rather than the ability to add quests or the like.
Started for me after getting a bath and my clothes washed haha. Right before they were asking me if I was okay and how terrible I looked.
I do tend to wait now myself. I'll get it before the first DLC comes out or so.
&gt; matrilineal marriage Its incredibly handy but its horribly OP too. Historically daughters had much less value than in game. Paradox admitted they added this largely so you dont game over if playing a female character with a small dynasty. IMO they should enable it only for 1. player character females 2. queens and empresses marrying below their rank 3. realms with gender equality laws only. It would be a big nerf to females but it would be a lot more realistic. Maybe extend the concept to bride price outside republics too.
Eh, recessions are cyclical and nearly unavoidable under this economic system. What almost nobody predicts right is the exact timing and the severity/depth of the plunge. But we mostly know we're nearing the end of a cycle right now.
Well it's kind of the point, and sure it's not for everyone. But right now to play modern titles at decent FPS on high settings you need decent hardware. With this instead of investing in gaming grade cpu/GPU/etc you basically just need a monitor or TV and a good internet connection, the game's calculations are being made on a server elsewhere, you stream the results. Google plans to launch it free with paid 4K, I mean, the potential for this kind of service is fairly huge in the long run. But yes many will always prefer traditional ways to play.
Absolutely of course. This wouldn't be suited for FPS games as a result. But for RPGs and such as long as everything works as it should, eh should be barely noticeable. Google wouldn't have gone ahead with it if it wasn't going to work.
Don't see why you need to worry about privacy particularly, it's just game streaming. Theyll make you pay for the service and the newer games that's where their income will come from.
Yup :( Btw Baldur's Gate 3 is announced by Larian (Divinity OS) and will not be Stadia only. Gore warning on the announcement trailer. You see a guy turning into a mindflayer.
Yeah, but Stadia is new and from what I heard they're going to launch with relatively few titles then expect to grow the library very fast. Surely they know the success of their subscription plan will depend on keeping it competitive post launch.
There was a ton of changes from each edition. I don't know about a summary, but I've found the edition FR books to be fun to read even when I wasn't playing, for anyone who wants to see all the changes edition per edition.
Real time with pause feels like the best of both worlds, PoE/Obsidian proved it works well in modern games too. But yeah Larian's niche is turn based so I guess they'll stick with that. And yes it might end up feeling a little like DOS3 set in FR more than BG3 I guess, combat wise.
Damn you're right. Now the Greeks can demand British reparations too, brillant. /s
I think it's fully possible that the virtual sex was that good without it being actually an unavoewed sexual orientation or love connection issue. Experiencing sex as the other gender believeably would probably be an amazing experience for a ton of humans who aren't gay and aren't trans. Sure there are also social conventions that were getting in the way here, but basically if we had this tech I believe there'd be many who would be mostly or -only- be interested in this kind of sex.
Yeah and they clearly agreed to a night off their marriage once a month, it's a limited form of open relationship that some couples are more comfortable with.
I thought it was once a month, but either way, I don't see much of an unfair issue. Its a limited open relationship, that night they can do whatever. He's probably happier than that arrangement than she is, tbh.
Perhaps a mod could be made to increase its size?
Room to expand the workforce easily I guess, plus it might give a positive impression to visitors perhaps. Realistically they just picked the more accommodating set they had to film haha.
I was recently studying effective progressive and regressive taxation patterns around the developed world, and Gibraltar genuinely stunned me with it's bellcurve taxation scheme. The very poor pay less so far so good, the middle class and the moderately comfortable pay the highest rates, but then as you start parking massive sums there, your tax rate drops and keeps dropping until it's one of the best places to park several millions in personal wealth with no questions asked even if you never set foot there. And it's all clear and legal once you want to repatriate these funds, unlike some shadier tax havens.
Oh come on, obviously it's GDP *per capita* that matters most for individual quality of life. Norway's is among the highest in the world, 3rd place, far beating China at 67th. Sure inequality could also warp that formula, but you cant honestly compare GDP straight up between two countries with such extremely different population levels.
It's essentially threatening not to pay the bill for prior services already rendered and being presently rendered. Nobody civilized behaves this way. But hey Trump ran his businesses that way (shafted hard working people all the time paying fractions) and still got elected POTUS, maybe Johnson is emulating the master :p
Cutscene outfit damn. I'm too lazy to switch between full armor and my sneaking around outfit so I use a patchwork of ugly but somewhat decent, low noise low visibility armor. :p My henry looks like a grey thief in orange nuthouse padding but it gets the job done haha
Of course. I don't get as hyped as I used to until I have the final product, but it'll be fun to see for sure.
Unlimited saves is updated, the More Perks mod as well (though it doesn't have bow perks so maybe not the same one).
For goods yes, that's the important part. But the largely open border exists because it has free movement with the EU, which the UK doesn't want. It won't just be goods checks given a hard Brexit, it would be a real border, like with Turkey or Ukraine. That's a violation of the good Friday accords and at that point the most reasonable play for the UK would be to back a sea border, putting North Ireland in the customs and movement zone of Ireland. Which they will refuse to do because of internal politics. Referenda in Scotland and North Ireland will be needed to decide where this goes, but I expect unilaterally shattering the good Friday deal to lead to renewed violence for no good reason.
Yeah youll have better luck looking at the "past two weeks" section or even (if you want to be super thorough) the "recently updated" all the way to patch day. There are also some mods that just don't require updates, so the comments section is really helpful to figure out what works. Finally because of the lack of mod tools some mods modifying the same files are incompatible unless merged manually, so there's that to look out for if you want to play with many.
That is currently only possible because the UK does have free movement with the EU anyway, a core tenet of membership. The UK wants to end it. This will prevent their current arrangement with Ireland from continuing as you cannot have free movement in only part of your borders. The Irish have an obligation to protect the external borders of the EU as well. I guarantee you, this border will exist in case of no deal, and though they may try to downplay it at first, if and when violence flares up over shattering Good Friday unilaterally, it'll only get worse border wise and a lot of good will be undone.
CAQ backbenchers afraid for their new seats being cut who haven't earned their 2 term pensions yet forced Legault to push a 2022 referendum, essentially. They dropped the plan to do it outright on the basis it was a major platform promise and got majority support. They're letting us digest the news slowly, they won't announce it for awhile, but it's essentially an open secret for anyone active politically here. Along with the vote next election, Quebec is getting a referendum on this issue.
I believe that it will pass yes, even though it failed elsewhere. Support for it is uniquely high here, and if you look at historical plebiscite trends, Quebec did vote differently than Canada fairly consistently (on prohibition, conscription for example). Also turnout is less of an issue as it will be held on the 2022 electoral ballot, not as a separate vote. The referendum does ensure the change will only take effect in 2026 however. Quite a few backbenchers are likely to hold their seats for two terms as a result, just long enough for lifelong pensions. Guess who really pushed for a referendum? :/
I'm so bad at predicting TV twists that even if I read perfect guesses and analyses I'm still not able to tell them apart from shitty guesses from people barely paying attention, so it doesn't ruin it too much for me :D
Yeah the Grigor storyline was pretty much wrapped up, they had no reason to do this. It would be fun if Bobby is forced to go to Russia in a couple season and Grigor suddenly returns to make good on his threat. But making him the true motivation behind every new character would be way too much.
Not with Axe, he hates him too much now I think. Her telling him she cuckolded him with some random bar stranger and he's just going to deal with it during a BDSM session - quite possibly.
Time for sure. But it would realistically be a short sentence in minimum security, maybe even home detention. They only go so hard after prosecutors... But in the show, it's possible they'll give him something tougher than what would be realistic IRL. Either way his career is finished.
Haha, nice product placement.
That is good. I only managed to come up with Axedy haha but I'm using yours from own on.
That is so ridiculous. Reusing bags for trash is just common sense and taking that option away would greatly annoy me. Thankfully I've never had to deal with that.
Stainless steel straws are quite nice and rather cheap considering it's a one time expense. I believe I paid like 7$ for 6 when they were on sale.
Lasombra would be fun, as they could get real creative with Obtenebration, it can be a pretty spectacular discipline. But yeah they may well stick to 7, depends on how long they plan to add content. Hopefully awhile! Bloodlines succeeded despite a lack of official support and a lot of cut corners and content because of time constraints. Without these handicaps it would have been legendary.
Well I'm not saying they have a stellar record, but they need an excuse to repeal a law like that without sounding "weak on crime", which is the opposite of what they're usually selling.
Funny, the mission expanded mod (which frankly goes too far too often) did double the width of the mission window to make room for their hundreds of missions haha.
Yeah but they need to stretch these for months, the DLC is still awhile away. We'll get there, probably before the great Swedish vacations.
Daughters by this event always have average claims, also true for most events that give female heirs except Women in History events. However normal RNG daughters don't get a heir claim penalty. At some point they might want to make the whole system a bit more consistent.
The amount of culture shifts required would make this unenjoyable for me. I can do one culture shift in a game and that's about it. But yeah the potential cheese is amazing sure.
I'd have tried to use the biggest trees in game (GB for example) as the baseline to aim for and add equivalent missions for as many tags as possible instead of crazy big trees like your HREs. Also permanent country modifiers are rather OP especially when you give multiple permanent mission rewards to a single tag.
It's not impossible but they'll still occupy English continental possessions and the wargoal will be on the continent, which should balance out the occupation of Scotland in this case. But basically it could make the recovery of continental England slower rather than faster if that happens.
An article I read refering the gameplay footage said (the journalist) didn't actually play but it was "played for him" by someone working on it. Basically he got to pick the discipline, some dialog choices, and that's about it. It makes sense because otherwise they couldn't have found this quickly where to go, this felt like someone who knew the path through. But yeah, possibly bad at controls or combat.
I really like open world games when they are properly made personally.. but let's not kid ourselves it takes 5 maybe 10 times more ressources on content design to do it well. It's too much for a small studio. So yeah hubs it is.
7 for free, 4 for 20$ IIRC.
Your question is the answer to the parent's; essentially the 1/4th who don't support it lack information on the topic. There's very few reasons to be against it. It's just saying warranties will still apply if you repair it and that the design shouldn't make it impossible on purpose for no explainable reason. The only arguments against are based on the fear of higher prices or Apple and it's kind pulling out of the Canadian market altogether. But it's clear that some are purposely increasing their costs to make their devices harder to repair, and there's no actual risk of mass pullout as the EU just did it and now 'right to repair' is too big to boycott. We should just ride the Euro wave on this one.
It's already the case but these videos are some of the most useful content on YouTube. We should definitely side with the common good rather than corporate greed on this one. The arguments against are incredibly weak.
Sans blagues, c'est presque surprenant qu'il y ait pas de plans de financement pour le haut de gamme rendu a ces prix haha
If they thought enjoyment was based on taste alone but ignored texture and perhaps smell, you could use the success of products like Almost Meat as an example. They're heavily focusing on reproducing meat like texture and smell right. Taste alone wasn't enough to get people to buy meat replacement products.
Part of planning a retirement or an early retirement even may include the choice not to have kids. They're not cheap either in time nor money. But for those who want them, they may well be worth the extra years working.
It takes me about 25mg, which is less than some but more than others. I think 10mg is too little too though. I buy 150mg and split it six ways, it's cheaper. I guarantee 15 government units will cost way more.
Il y'a jamais eu autant d'attention portée a l'utilisation régulière de cette procédure sous les majorités libérales. C'est simplement une technicalité parlementaire pour clore le débat, n'importe quel gouvernement doit y avoir recours au besoin sinon la majorité sera toujours prise en otage par l'opposition.
It looks a bit like the snake/dragon was added later. Very cool building anyhow.
La plateforme est pas mauvaise (même si y'a des éléments qui semblent un peu irréalistes) mais le parti passeras pas cette année c'est certain. Même les verts sont devants. C'est facile de promettre la lune quand on sait qu'on aura pas a la livrer.
Je dirais qu'il manque une métrique importante au tableau; le comportement de l'opposition. Le recours au baillon peut devenir techniquement néccessaire pour gouverner car sans cette mesure, l'opposition a essentiellement un droit de véto sur tous les projets de la majorité. Ils peuvent en parler jusqu'a la fin de la session, sans que le projet de loi puisse être adopté. Quand l'opposition est véhémente, et c'était particulièrement le cas durant les 5 ans de Bouchard car il y'avait des craintes Libérales d'un 3eme référendum, ils s'opposent plus, plus longtemps. Cela oblige la majorité a passer outre plus fréquemment. Mais c'est très difficile a quantifier. J'estime qu'on est a nouveau dans une période où deux des 3 oppositions sont particulièrement véhémentes et que la CAQ devra recourrir au baillon plus que la moyenne, a moins de changer les règles procédurales.
Many claim that porn will damage your own enjoyment around here, there are subreddits dedicated to using no pornography and not masturbating and they all suggest it'll increase personal pleasure or sex drive and amount of sex etc. While I don't think they're generally right, it seems even less likely that porn damage their partners' enjoyment unless taken to extreme levels.
These Ottomans managed to do quite well despite what I assume was the classic NoCB on Byz opener.
I was slightly furious at her for not running in 2016, even before knowing we'd end up with Trump. That's how much I respect her ability and ideas.
[Reality had some bordergore too](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kleinstaaterei#/media/File%3AMap_of_the_Holy_Roman_Empire%2C_1789_en.png)
It's quite unfortunate they kept Austria united. The "problems" in dividing it historically (with PUs) are essentially just dipslots and early imperial income, and could have been solved with a creative temporary modifier until unification (perhaps something about the silver mines). Military wise the union of the three would be plenty strong, and the worries about it breaking could be mitigated by a LD reduction based around the Habsburgs wanting to keep their domain united. This could have been much more interesting and historical with a little work. Also it wouldn't actually need to be for 50 years, the way the game works, just by backdating the beginning of the PUs they could allow for significantly faster unification to keep this historical.
They previously suggested a significant rework of Catholicism so it would make sense for that to affect the Papacy significantly. Switzerland as it exists is a generous abstraction, it was more decentralized, perhaps they want a way to show that. Bohemia had the earliest hussite/protestant problems, perhaps they want to give that more of a role?
To be fair, it happened in the 19th for a reason. Their comparative edge in military and technology had become insane. In most of Eu4s timeframe colonizers were realistically limited to coastal outposts, and tropical disease kept large segments off limits. States such as Morocco would have been way more difficult to subdue than the game suggests too. But hey, it's cool to overrun Kongo and build an empire in central Africa in 1550 as Navarra. :p For bonus points expel all those Africans to your Hudson bay colonies!
It's probably going to make the Surrender of Maine nearly impossible to win for England. Too many vassal troops. Best now to build strength in Ireland and Scotland and only tackle the PU war on France a bit later. Maybe even let them integrate some.
True but that wasn't the historical situation by 1444. France was winning, merely quite decentralized. And France is quite strong still, so LD from vassal development should remain in the manageable range... unless those secret special mechanics change the equation.
Yeah I know that trick, bit cheesy for my tastes. Since right now, England can win that war, I prefer to get the PU of France out of the way right at the start if I'm playing as England. I won't with that vassal swarm hehe
[Your map is very good, but they also now posted the whole thing without any black spots](https://forumcontent.paradoxplaza.com/public/480076/dd_europe.jpg)
That's unclear for now, the dev diary speaks of a new unique, unrevealed mechanic for them to handle their new vassal horde. Maybe they wont take regular slots. This being said, Surrender of Maine happens fast enough that France hasn't always had time to find proper allies right now.
It takes time and a bit of luck but you can take on the cumans right in the middle of Run! when they first attack. It basically boils down to managing to hit them in the face with arrows, and it requires some preparation before the attack, but it's quite satisfying to kill at least the one running after you and those molesting Theresa.
They probably took some artistic lisence and make him seem a little older than 15. He speaks about wanting to be recognized as an adult by the archbishop to inherit his domains in the early game, though, and back then that would indeed have around 15 or 16 realistically.
Yeah I killed them all even, up to the point where you have bleeding (then actually run). But I did prepare a lot, knocked a guard for basic armor/weapons, spent forever picking flowers to level str, jumping for bit, spent forever in the small arena doing my combos wrong for str/ago/bit/sword. Ultimately only vit and agi mattered, as the most effective strategy is shooting them by far, ideally in the face. You do end up having to fight multiples at one it will take multiple reloads. But it's doable. And not worth it haha
Thankfully my charisma was already high when I started cheating on her every couple days. :p
Dead homies walking though, figured nobody would miss it ;) I silently knocked out quite a few homies in search for loot, in addition to stealth shooting all the livestock to train archery and stealth. Figured it's essentially just scorched earth tactics haha why leave food for the cumans? I was definitely caught once or twice because my reputation with the homies is at 55 (starts at 100), but that doesn't affect anything so eh. :) My Henry continued to be very dastardly afterwards in the shadows but got much better at keeping his petty crimes secret.
It's cool they added those but they're obviously all low impact, none of the weapons will be of use by the time you get a 8-coin, and there's one literally before the castle. Helmets won't be of use much longer. I'm curious whether there's any codes with substantial impact, so far I only know of NIGHTMARE that unlocks that difficulty mode. If there's any Luck mode or NG+ only codes I guess we'll find out soon!
I'm not even sure if mine is patched or not, but as soon as I heard about this I disabled auto updates. I'll just patch when I'm ready for my NG+
So how do they balance NG+ then? If you keep basically everything, even if monsters are significantly harder, difficulty must vary wildly depending on how much time you spent optimizing in the first run no?
I wasted over an hour yesterday haha, stupid stupid I just forgot to save, I was right next to it. Also always carry the item that warps you back to safety. It's only 100gp. You don't wanna be stuck between two difficult screens with only a few HP left. Going home is cheaper than the potions then, also.
I should not have looked at the bosses names hahah. Thanks though great info.
I was wondering how exactly Ng+ was going to be any challenge to a properly optimized character.. it might just not be haha
True arrow is very good but I don't think it qualifies as broken. I eventually ditched it in favor of INT based directional shards (Inferno Breath to melt bosses and the autoaimed lightning shard for general use). I do still have a STR preset with true arrow, but it hasn't seen much use.. The broken abilities are those that you'll never want to replace and generally part of their power is an oversight of some sorts.
I haven't run into any serious issue. I play on PC which was 1.02 from the start. Pretty good for a game launch.
That is a pretty long, the odds of stumbling into that without reading guides and spoilers is pretty damn low.
Hey if it works but the halo is invisible, you won't see me trying to fix that. That halo can be a little visually intrusive after awhile, should probably only appear when there's something secret close. But I still very much like the effect overall, it's nice not to miss anything.
Yeah you got the bad ending. If you played SOTN, it's equivalent to killing Richter without the glasses. Don't want to spoil the story for you, but it's the wrong bad guy. Look elsewhere :)
If only we were bees haha, without the concept of money, free homes like that would be amazing.
This is the most reasonable explanation, although I understand EA more than earned mistrust.
Yeah, though they nerfed the 7 cities' ultimate ends into the ground (removing the nice permanent country modifiers they used to grant), these are always fun to find. I have found the real fountain of youth at least once, maybe twice, and the flavor text certainly suggests something supernatural.
I thought CNs not converting was essentially intended, to create a cultural patchwork of sorts especially if you rely on expel minorities a lot?
You could try playing outside Europe until then, considering this next update is Euro centric, your experience away from it won't be that different. Perhaps try Oda or Ethiopia or Inca if you haven't, these were some of my favorite games.
Italy and Germany will definitely get their mission trees at last with this update, so don't be too hasty to count them out of the China games yet ;)
Yeah, for the Ultimate ends each of the seven had a permanent modifier, and the good endings had a weaker, temporary one. The best was the ultimate for Saguenay, where you discovered in Canada a rich Vinland settlement. 10% trade efficiency and 10% trade power for the game. I got that as Russia out of all unlikely colonizers. It was nice.
Well you do lose the prestige.
Ah you meant religion, makes sense, I was thinking culture. Yeah I agree that's weird. At least pagans should be converted.
Hmm, they sold us "off the grid" as a new feature but it was there all along!! :D
Huh, I have an extended family of vampires, I mean like three clubs worth of people all descending from the oldest.. and I can't for the life of me remember how the patriarch became a vampire at all. I don't remember Vlad being involved though.
Besides, in all but name he's already adding Castlevania cameos as optional bosses, and that's free. No I think he's better off developing his new franchise further.
I googled it, there's multiple recipes it's a real thing. Not only for the sauce, but also in some recipes with whole berries served on the dish as well, same way that some people like to add baby tomatoes. Sounds yummy to me.
First past the post is terrible at allocating seats fairly in a four way tie, and there would be tons of three man races that are too close to call etc. The results in seats would be guaranteed to stray far from the popular vote too. This is why people constantly ponder electoral reform, but it's proven an uphill battle. Elections this year would likely be a good example of what's broken about it.
I thought it was "Arise, my servant, my shadow!" but my ear isn't perfect. Either way we've all heard it way too many times haha.
Worthy question, because XP grinding at the high end is largely superfluous; you'll be very close to 99 by natural means just by farming for all the good stuff, maxing all the key/useful shards. A NG+ on top of that will get you there. Since NG+ isn't especially challenging even if you increase difficulty, I don't think extensive XP grinding is worth it. But hey might be fun to grab a few levels this way just for the hell of it.
I started that way, but soon I wanted to play with my downloaded houses a bit, or sometimes just base houses. Add a basement, move a few walls, bigger rooms, roofing new balconies.. until the original creation is barely recognizable. Then eventually after doing this a dozen times I just bought an open lot and I already knew how to do everything.
The unpleasant odors in such places have more to do with poor hygiene; those who can't handle their own care get one bath a week with minimal maintenance in between, density of residents is too high, staff too overworked. If you go to a nursing home for the very wealthy with excessively thorough individual care, plenty of space, gardens, library, gym, and such, you'll notice the death smell is nowhere to be found, even if the patient are equally close to deaths door.
It's too soon to tell, this is early research and an interesting proof of concept. It could translate later to new interesting data storage options, and the ability to write through a clear surface probably has many other potential industrial uses.. but it could also have little practical short-medium term applications. For now it's about demonstrating it's possible.
*Vampiric entrance*
Yeah the HP on that boss was ridiculous. Wasn't much to do but power through though.
Gebel's Glasses are a practical option I suppose at this point, many of us here already have every shard.
Relevant username.
Pas avec raison non, c'est du gaspillage inutile. J'ai déjà manger du roadkill frais légalement et c'était excellent et ça dérange personne. La réglementation Ontarienne est beaucoup moins niaiseuse (certes pas une phrase que j'écris souvent) et j'ai jamais constaté d'abus. https://www.ontario.ca/page/keep-dead-wild-animal Honnêtement si par accident je tuais un animal comestible au Québec, je préfèrerais briser la loi en toute connaissance de cause que de gaspiller la bête, par principe.
Ce n'est plus vraiment une option pour l'année fiscale 2019, ils ont cessé d'accepter les paiements uniques (ex. 5000$ d'un coup) en Novembre, et la CSN en décembre, a cause des limites de leurs programmes. On peut toujours s'inscrire pour les prélèvements automatiques mais ça permet seulement de cotiser Janvier et Février (max 832$). En général c'est effectivement un placement que je recommande a ceux qui veulent des REER et qui bénéficient de la déduction d'impôt additionnelle.
200? Damn casuals.
There are, others posted the full map with the fog cheat. Most of these mountains are hollow.
That surely works, but I've never tried it. You'd put stone everywhere?
Have you tried putting the old outdated mod back just the way it was (maybe it won't work mod wise but it may not break anything) then reloading either your save or an autosave? The autosaves in particular (if they haven't changed since) have no idea yet you tried to alter the mod list.
I didn't know about the allergy to magic. That sounds inconvenient for a sorceress.
Nah, dans ce cas çi c'est toxique au complet, y'a pas toujours besoin de faire des nuances quand aucune n'est nécessaire. Si on veut de la justice il faut défendre les gens et leurs réputations quand ils sont attaqués par lettres anonymes de salissage et laisser à la seule instance légitime, les tribunaux, le soin de passer jugement contre les criminels. Le droit a la présomption d'innocence est fondamental.
The root issue discussed is that computerization has come with what's essentially DRMs on vehicules that prevent maintaining them. That has relatively little to do with improvements to fuel efficiency and exhaust. It would be possible to make fairly basic hardware that is repair friendly while still passing EPA standards. Admittedly this would be a slightly more complicated machine than a plain 80s tractor, but it would not piss off farmers at all. There's definitely a market for it, but businesses are deeply invested in after sales revenue too. Which is the problem.
Ok, yeah I'd hit that. .. is it still okay if I want to leave with the horn? :p
It's a fair question, developed nations generally shut down flights at the drop of a hat if there are risks. Weather or security related. That is not however common practice everywhere. Beyond the economic costs, the fact risks seem low enough unless there's all out war and other factors like what is deemed an acceptable risk or misplaced trust in military competence make grounding aircraft rare. If we're being extremely cynical, civilian traffic would also slightly complicate the job of would be USAF attackers if they sought to minimize civilian casualties while still attacking many targets in a very short time window with maximum surprise. Not grounding flights can cause a ( fairly minimal) hindrance to a shock &amp; awe bombing campaign.
They did all they had to do, move their troops out. They're not there to save a few Iraqi barracks. They can decide to further escalate later if they really want to (let's hope not), but either way that's much easier than trying to shoot down missiles at short notice.
You won't manage to sell a 700k tax politically, because middle class folks are taking on 35 years mortgages to pay normal 1M homes strangling them to the throat financially in those cities. They're asking for subsidies not taxes. Luxury homes are 2M+. The point is market price control more than generating new revenue.
I love your use of 'holy hand grenades', well done. And for the job as well ;)
Yeah we can't change it back. They do use the S300 around Teheran as I mentioned but they only have so many. When you are expecting US fighters to come after your "cultural sites" it's all hands on deck, which means pulling out of storage everything you had before your latest toys too. There ain't such a thing as too much air defense, it's a lesson learned in WW2; quantity matters. It would explain more plausibly why they had SAR deployed that might not have cared about IFF.
Je crois que Bernard Landry mérite toujours la distinction, il a fait de l'excellent travail. Mais ça date pas d'hier.
Je vois pas de problème a embrasser sa famille brièvement sur les lèvres, personellement. Tant que y'a pas langue ça passe haha.
L'Iran a fait le minimum absolu dans sa réplique, c'était vraiment le moins qu'ils pouvaient faire après l'assassinat d'un très haut dirigeant. Ils ont prévenu l'Irak d'avance pour que ce soit évacuer, et ils ont viser des points safe. Les missiles étaient pas au payload maximum non plus. Ils étaient clairement pas intéressés a donner a Trump une excuse pour une guerre en tuant quiquonque, mais il fallait un geste minimum pour l'audience domestique. Là Justin aussi fait son geste de condamnation minimum requis, tout en sachant très bien qu'ils ont rien fait de mal dans les circonstances. Ehh la politique internationale...
Sans surprise je suis d'accord. Il y'a trois piliers importants pour renverser l'écrasante surconcentration de la richesse; - imposer les gains de capitaux au mêmes niveaux et selon les mêmes modalités que les revenus - la lutte aux paradis fiscaux, pour vrai, pas que superficiellement - une taxe modeste sur la richesse accumulée pour les grandes fortunes
Une alternative raisonnable puisque tu demandes, serait probablement de permettre au père de renoncer unilatéralement a sa paternité, avec tous ses privilèges et obligations, avant la naissance en cas de conception accidentelle. Tout comme une femme a l'option de mettre fin unilatéralement a la grossesse, ce serait juste qu'il y'ait un droit de désaveu. Personne devrait se sentir prit a assumer une aussi grosse responsabilité sans la vouloir a cause d'un accident. Ça mène a des situations franchement malsaines.
Yeah that would have been quite a turn towards gritty. Honestly Fallout isn't meant to be super dark like this, but it's cool to have the option with mods. I prefer to mod with a lighter touch admittedly. (He said, with a 252 esp load order)
Mettons que le dire poliment risque toujours de mieux passer, pis t'as moins de chance de te faire stiffer sul tip si tu fais pas trop chier ton client réchauffé. J'ajouterais que si c'était moi j'offrirais deux grands verres d'eau a mon client avec la mauvaise nouvelle, il en a besoin.
C'est la bonne charge a utiliser en effet. L'intention compte énormément. Quand on tue sans vouloir et qu'on a essentiellement pas de chance de récidiver, c'est grave mais vraiment pas au même degré que celui qui l'a fait volontairement et regrette rien.
Jamais eu de problèmes avec Vault-Tec, produits hautement recommandés!
Yeah that's nothing new (dates back to EU3), timing is really everything with using this event. You can sometimes use it to crush the Ottomans, but at the very least the Mamelukes. Personally I'd probably make the numbers a bit more reasonable but make it last 25-30 years or something, sucks when random luck and truces makes it effectively useless.
Je peux pas deviner la fin de sa phrase, mais le gouvernement des États-Unis a été assez horrible envers la grande vague migratoire au début du 20eme de Canadiens français voulant travailler en Nouvelle-Angleterre. C'était un cheap labor énorme pour eux, donc bienvenue côté business. Mais le français était pas bienvenue et leur catholicisme était demoniser comme un complot papiste pour contaminer la région. Ils ont été mal traités et assimilés sans merci très rapidement. L'assimilation Canadienne outre Québec était lente et gentille en comparaison. Aujourd'hui, les arrière petits enfants de ces émigrants francophones qui pensaient être bien accueillis en Nouvelle Angleterre sont essentiellement tous anglophones bien sûr, mais cette descendance est aussi évaluée a un nombre qui acotte la population de langue maternelle francophone au Québec. C'est un sujet intéressant pour les gens qui s'intéressent a l'histoire.
Aille tabarnak mon p'tit baveux d'viarge, spa dé fotes oké, s'jusse l'dialecte qui pogne la flaveur d'icitte! ;)
It's a tragedy but it's also an accident. Every Canadian who died was also Iranian by birth, Iran didn't mean them any harm. This has happened before too; to the Russians, to the Americans and others. There's nothing to do or punish when it's an accident, and if anything I'm mildly impressed they're not still denying.
And this is why the US is trying to pressure 5-eyes countries on 5G, largely. They want us to buy their hardware and tech (despite China having an edge this time) and they want to preserve their monopoly on total digital surveillance.
That would probably be bad design as it would weaken their economy/manpower. They have to prioritize other things.
I'm hoping it stays, I like it. But yeah that's my biggest issue with the change, I want the ability to convert and still create trade companies. Since the game tracks each province original religion on top of current religion (easy to see in save files), perhaps a better change would be to allow TC in provinces where either original religion group or current religion group is different. I certainly hope they won't make this change hardcoded otherwise.
There's slow and there's slow. Vicky 2 like CK2 becomes incredibly slow late game because it has to track all the POPs (for CK it's the characters). Even if these games run fine early, it can get terribly slow later, unplayable even.
Tout à fait. Parfois je garde les croûtes de pizza pour le dessert aussi! Après avoir mangé mes pointes, a peu près n'importe quoi de sucré est bon sur les croûtes. Nutella, miel, sirop d'érable, gâtez vous.
Tout dans l'absolu peut être un véhicule de livraison de fromage fondu vers ma bouche. Vive le fromage libre!
C'est arrivé avec Québec solidaire ici qui a divisé le vote souverainiste de plus en plus pendant 4 elections; c'est sûr que personne aime voir son vote divisé sous FPTP. Mais bon, le centre-gauche est divisé aussi au fédéral ne l'oublions pas. Aussi, le parti conservateur tel que mentionné était sensé avoir une aile red Tory après la fusion et force est de constater qu'elle est très mince que c'est largement dominé par les bleus. Un Charest viserait probablement ceux qui ont une idéologie progressive-conservatrie pour vendre ses cartes, et c'est peu probable que ça cause un grand exode, ils veulent étendre leur base pour gagner aussi. La question de savoir si Bernier prendra des plumes graduellement ou non au fil des années est largement parallèle. C'est possible que oui. Mais ce sera probablement pas parce-que Charest est incapable de concilier les ailes de son hypothétique parti.
The law is built to avoid giving loopholes to anyone who clearly intended to break it, whether they did it or not. It's really just not about smuggling. You can get a drunk driving charge for sleeping it off in the back of your car and a ton of other bullshit too. Besides airports have a special designation, once you're in the preclearance area you are in international space and you've already more than met the legal definition for smuggling. But basically, you don't always have to follow through to get charged.
Yeah cost of living increases for average workers is way outpacing raises and inflation. It's a trend since the beginning of globalization. It seriously weakened labor's position in general, allowed for vast concentration of wealth, and we are on pace for this to continue for a long time.
Haha, no. Have their customs agents always treated you like a human being or something? :/
I won't elaborate much but no I don't use commercial software; their techs could know about any widespread solutions. Anyone can make partitions on a rooted phone and install two copies of Android, but I've figured out a way to make it extremely difficult to discover through normal methods (volume sizes seem normal, phone appears unrooted). The fact it's largely a personal hack makes it unlikely to be discovered but if I start sharing details, it loses its security-through-obscurity factor.
Its good to plan ahead a little for emergencies. Hell, there's no storm here but due to the cold I don't plan to go outside until Wednesday. I did prepare for the cold front a couple days ago, though, I'm fully stocked.
There should be a "switch babies" plot available haha.
We kinda care in Canada haha, we're expected to shell millions for their future "security" even though they won't be part of the royal family. There's no way the gov't will take the risk of letting them live with normal security either though.
What would bug me about playing that game is that there's a good chance that Prussia never forms on its own. I imagine having to surround all the the area and giving them thousands in gifts to make sure they have no competition consolidating it over a century just to make sure they eventually have 100K guys to kill ugh. Not my kind of fun.
And the Dutch!
The real shit gets stolen and night in 24/7 grocery stores around here because we forbid alcohol sales at night, likely because of bar owner's lobbies. It's kinda hard to do anything about it, because the profile of the person who will steal extracts at night at the grocery store is rough. It's alcoholics who are shaking from withdrawals and the like, and acute withdrawal can be lethal. The bottles of extract are basically to stay alive until convenience stores are allowed to sell strong beer at 7am. Some nighttime grocery employees refuse to act on those small scale thefts as a result, or call for ambulances instead of cops despite instructions.
Seems really lovely for unexplainable reasons haha, but keep doing what you doing :D
Haha c'est cool. Je l'avais fini. J'ai appris plus tard que c'était une source importante d'appels de clients frustrés et que le service technique et le service a la clientèle avaient dans le temps un soluce dans leurs scripts pour aider les clients vu le volume d'appels hahah.
Sans être un fin connaisseur j'aime les bières un peu moins sucrées. Je me dis toujours que ça n'a pas de sens dans ce monde où tous se préoccupent de leur nutrition que les alcools soient exemptés de l'obligation d'information nutritionnelle. Les bières sucrées sont plus caloriques c'est évident. Si c'était écrit dessus comme il se doit, les bières secs gagneraient des adeptes. Je vois pas pourquoi l'étiquetage est difficile.
Hey, if you're telling people this policy will lead to 8$/hr hookers, it's going to make it more popular than you want it to be haha.
It matters a bit - if and only if - there are still significant amounts of swing voters who could be disgusted enough to vote against him in November because of this specifically. I'm sitting here with a PolSci masters on my wall and I'm honestly not sure whether it's the case. Political polarization is fascinating to study but not good news for democracy. The group of undecided that may swing both ways is shrinking as a percentage of the electorate and their reasons for doing so are both more unpredictable and further away from what we'd hope them to be. Long gone are the days when informed moderate centrists were a large part of the deciding voice.
It's not really a betrayal if you only *threaten* war, is it? ;)
This is incredible work to do by memory wow. Amazing. One tiny detail is that Port-Royal in Acadie was seized by perfidious Albion in 1710 and renamed Annapolis after they stole most of what would become Nova Scotia at Utretch. In 1752 unfortunately it was British and they were about the exile and lightly genocide the French settlers there.
This will work fine, but just in case you didn't know you can look ahead of time who will turn down a reform in the tooltip when enacting it. If a Prince refuses, normally Id just Influence/Gift/Bestow Grace/Ally them and let my IA tick up a little higher. They eventually all fall in line. But having to fight just one is not a huge deal either.
Ils pourraient se spécialiser dans leur branche la plus rentable. Mettre toutes leur énergie dans la recherche de subventions. :p
I researched it briefly, people working on AWS have a known pay range of 65k to 180k, based on experience, skills and location. It's much better than working on the retail shipping line obviously, but they're also clearly still trying not to break than bank here. Competition pays somewhat better.
Wouldn't that make more sense if you were paid by the page? Nobody will pay for blank lines ;)
We don't know, such status is confidential. But there was speculation that Meghan obtained permanent residency while working on Suits. If that's true, she'd be sponsoring Harry under family reunification. But nobody will confirm or infirm any of that.
If a custom pick can break most locks, quite frankly it's good to talk about it. That should theoretically lead to better locks. A neighbor recently called a locksmith after losing her keys, the guy instantly opened her door with "the appropriate master key". There's clearly some security problems with this concept.
I mean, yeah I'm willing to consider all reasonable options at this point :p
You would not be wrong about that. Telecom is where I've witnessed the most egregious failures personally but I know even banking fails as hard. We are not secure.
You definitely need to increase taxes yes. Any sort of UBI only checks out mathematically with wealth taxes and an effective war on fiscal havens, just raising income tax brackets doesn't suffice.
Moins, en fait, la température maximale recommandée est 84F/29C. Plus que ça, c'est pas comfortable et ça devient un risque de santé même dans le cas des piscines publiques; trop de bactéries et de formation d'algues. Pour le simple comfort humain, le plus plaisant est entre 26 et 28C.
I remember that in one of my playthroughs I managed to miss her completely because while exploring I stumbled on something meant to be discovered later which made me miss out on her sequence. Sorry if that's a bit vague an answer, it's been too long, but the same might have happened to you, dunno. I remember googling it and reading others complain as well about missing out on her part of the main quest.
This isn't some ancient black death plague about to swoop the world and cull the herd, it's a relatively mild contagion that is rarely lethal to people in good health. Most people who are infected don't even realize it or think they have a cold. You don't shut down international travel for something like that. It makes sensational headlines and warrants taking some precautions, but hysteric overreactions would be counterproductive.
Hey, you leave Dwight out of this!
Geralt pretty much does after B&amp;W.
Yeah I mean wtf. Why not also nuke Toronto from space, it has been tainted by the plague! Whaaa... Come on. This is medically milder than SARS and has relatively low lethality so far. Some precautions are still very advisable but this is not a weaponized strain of the Black Death folks.
Yeah plenty of old people still celebrate Three Kings day or whatever it's called in English, and they'd never take down decorations before then. It was long the normal end of the holidays for religious people, though plenty of people just think of it as Xmas+New Years now. I don't think it's odd seeing a Xmas tree before mid January. Otoh I'll admit I silently judge people who put up their holiday decorations while taking the Halloween stuff down. Including the stores haha.
Yeah many of those (responsibility for costs/maintenance) are also true if you buy an apartment. Otoh condos like mine are extraordinarily well soundproofed so that takes care of noise. And even if they have a bad rep, condo boards are nowhere as bad as landlords.
Un rigatoni bien gratiné avec une bonne sauce c'est quand même délicieux. Mais ça c'est une aberration.
It's a reasonable fear and many people like you are wary of weakening the universal veto in any way, but to assuage the fear of 4 big countries dictating every rule, I did mention the proposal isn't only 80% of delegates voting to override, but 80% of member states agreeing as well. If anything such a structure to override vetos may be more likely to be used against a major country than against a small one. But it's a price some are willing to risk to make the union more manageable. It's food for thought at least, I don't expect it to happen soon.
Well hey, even sanguine is meh; transhumanist is better once you've fully upgraded your pawns. :D
Some person ran that math for me maybe a year ago, and concluded that for land combat after MIL25, artillery_power = 0.1 was better. But later another poster refuted that under most circumstances +1 artillery fire would remain better, I've never been positive who was right, it's potentially situational. This being said, yes, the OPness of the Spanish bonus partially fades as you tech up, even if it remains quite good.
I'm sure that'll still be a valid scenario. It doesn't really need to be the only one though!
Le scénario me parait un peu extrème; c'est jamais néccessaire d'aller si loin. Sans me prononcer sur les risques car c'est pas mon expertise; juste déclarer une manifestation illégale et entourer le peu de gens qui restent quand même a toujours suffi a disperser une foule même durant les pires jours des manifs étudiantes.
Ultimately the high seal population is preventing Atlantic fisheries from replenishing at an ideal pace, too. There's basically too many seals, hence why they are considered pests. If anything if we were being perfectly logical about it we should encourage higher depletion of seals in the interests of the overall ecosystem.
Provence here! Great idea tree with many PUs, can take Sicily cores early, crusade and turn into Jerusalem after getting Aragon, France and Hungary PUs, then become France once you're finished with that tree to get the new one. While getting elected HRE at some point and toying with both the new Imperial and papal stuff of course (also in a good position to get Burgundian inheritance).
Probablement pas de tout, juste parce-que Bloodlines est comparativement une petite franchise, d'un petit studio sans budget monstrueux. Pas le même niveau de hype. Bref ils s'attaquent au plus visible.
Well that seems silly, are Crimeans supposed to never travel abroad again? It's not the little guy's fault who issues their passport. Seems just designed to make it them have to lie about their place of residence.
Si on permet aux villes de s'endetter, ça devient un ajout déguisé a la dette provinciale, et ultimement leurs gestes auraient un effet du la côte de crédit du Québec car il serait assumé qu'on s'en porte garant. Ça implique aussi un troisième fardeau de service de dette. J'imagine qu'une Valérie Plante pourrait ne pas y aller de main morte avec un tel pouvoir. Si Montréal a besoin de fonds de relance ils peuvent demander un soutien d'urgence, peut être même que Justin et son chéquier magique voudrait donner un coup de pouce. Mais s'endetter en nom propre, c'est probablement une fausse bonne idée.
It was always kind of weird how south Africa, which has a desirable and basically California-like climate, was restricted to a few huge provinces. Meanwhile central Africa, which was basically a hellish tropical disease-trap until the 19th century, has been very detailed and an easy location to establish a strong empire without serious competition, for multiple DLCs. Glad to see Africa getting a tad more realistic.
They had coastal holdings, but moving inland should indeed have serious penalties. I'm not sure how to best reflect that in EU4, but Vicky2 was more realistic in this regard. Perhaps there could be techgroup based permanent terraincognita for non Africans in inland Africa.. while still allowing Africans to build inland empires. Kind of heavy handed though.
But.. isn't that communism?! :p
If it's unknown, the main theory would likely be that he finally gave orders so unacceptable that the US apparatus, either intelligence or defense, decided to take him out as the easiest way to avoid an executive crisis. Wouldn't prevent his entire base from blaming the left and calling for blood, though.
As Ive aged I started to have small back pains and the like occasionally, and it's really damn hard to tell which is better long run for me. I have access to a bunch of high end chairs, office, gaming, executive leather, you name it. In the short term, the most comfortable defies common advice and is the most heavily padded one (executive leather chair worth a few Ks), but I have a nagging feeling that it's not helping long term and that I should use a semi uncomfortable, more rigid but still high end ergonomic office chair instead. But since I don't really know how my body will evolve... I'm pretty much just using the comfortable thing.
Have you ever considered that anti-US sentiment in the West might be well deserved and grounded into real reasons we shouldn't even be trying to deny? At this point it's gotten so bad that the entire anglosphere gets a bad for its close association with the US - and it's perfectly understandable.
People do that all the time on Reddit. Some people have so much time on their hands they discovered manually that the comment history only displays the most recent *thousand* comments :p
Now they tell me. Based on everyone freaking out about it I've always refused to take anyone with that trait in even if they were otherwise great and my base is all stone. I'll reconsider next time.
If you attack my people to steal and enslave, like all raiders, well I think it's perfectly moral and normal to kill them. At that point, what you do with the bodies is more a question of not wasting ressources on a difficult and harsh world. Survival could depend on using the skin and meat, maybe organs. They're dead anyway, they won't miss it. I guess I have a broad interpretation of morality :p
Par curiosité il a arrêté a quelle saison?
I can cautiously agree, as long as you don't mean 'lock everyone with mental health issues up'. Those who need help should get it yes. But OTOH the majority of people with mental health issues are not a threat to others and quite rarely to themselves. Obviously, a case by case analysis is required for best treatment.
I'd think it would be fairly safe to seat single individuals and those living at the same address indoors with every table two meters or more apart, with some special precautions for service at tables, wouldn't it? Hopefully that will follow.
If you're doing it in Montreal, I'm afraid you're taking a chance. Since they tightened up enforcement of the minutae of that rule, they are generally religious about the "designated area" part as well as having it to be part of a meal. That means people did get tickets for making their own meal spaces in parks. I wish they hadn't pushed it that far, but they have - quite a bit in 18 and 19, surprised you didn't hear about it. No idea how they'll act this year, with the virus and all they probably have other priorities.
It seemed deeply realistic to me. I have seen waayy too much waste in office work to believe there was any way some players were still in the black, but the market helps some companies succeed for a long time even when they try to fail.
The only good kind is group insurance they're forced to keep giving you even if you use it at the same rate as everyone else. Even if you never need it, you never feels as screwed as with personal insurance.
Yeah I feel fairly safe from any Confederate takeovers, as a Canadian :p
Interesting. You read the formula somewhere online, or it's actually from moddable game files? Cool either way!
Lux Stella has been there forever - introduced in Divine Wind (EU3) but it's far less common than Talented Daughter.
Diversity is good, but sometimes you just wanna snuggle with a comfortable, sweet old classic. Like Pam's mom.
It's true..
This guy maths, but the joke was still funny to us Kevins.
Nah, c'était des prostitués jeunes adultes, pas des gens sous l'âge du consentement. Reste que, combiné a la drogue et a un penchant masochiste assez intense au point de risquer une vie, disons qu'il y'avait largement cause pour terminer hâtivement son mandat. On a pas fait bonne impression, c'est clair.
Le taux de mortalité réel beaucoup plus faible qu'on le craignait au début est un des points positifs qui peut encourager a choisir des mesures différentes, par example. Mais ils vont pas exactement spécifier les mesures des mois d'avance, ils ont besoin de marge de manœuvre selon la gravité et ils veulent pas encourager les mauvais comportements.
Considering it would likely be fixed the next night it seems like a proper way to deal with it. Blood healing could heal it faster of course.
Why are you the way that you are? Honestly, every time I try to do something fun or exciting, you make it not that way. I hate so much about the things that you choose to be!
Dammit, that was a pretty well known one too. Guess I'll hold off still on starting a campaign.
A simple RM is enough to get the CB, and yes dev confirmed it as intended in the forum thread. But the AI will do it less often now.
Sure thing, we'll send two more patrols to help them.
It's actually back to practically-never-join, really. In most games its likely its to happen only by incidents. Severely threatened border countries that want imperial protection with great imperial opinion is a fairly niche scenario, very rarely happened in prior patches and they're back to that logic.
Do we know of any defines or other moddable line where we could tweak the AI's willingness to borrow a bit, or is it hardcoded? I know theres a few defines about tweaking their eagerness to repay loans, but nothing that I know of about tweaking their willingness to go deep in red ink in the first place.
It's OP on purpose basically haha, the claims of it's ruler in 1444 were really broad. I first played Provence last year using a mod that mimic'd 1.30 map and mission changes, and it was still my first run in actual 1.30. It's actually easier now because Naples is almost never under Aragon in 1.30. Provence &gt; take Naples &gt; Enforce PUs on Aragon and Hungary and maybe Burgundy through RM &gt; Take Holy land &amp; become Jerusalem and use starting dynasty to PU France and become Emperor in any order &gt; integrate PUs &amp; complete tree, become France with it's new big tree, then possibly integrate HRE later on for it's own tree as well... hell of a game :)
I expect one more hotfix before remaining issues are pushed to 1.31, so OP's question seems fair. It's true that it won't fix everything.
Somehow I feel the mission count would be more useful if it counted shared missions minus the utterly generic trees. For example GB/England has a great tree and it really doesn't matter that a couple tags share it. Being able to compare its size at a glance with Russia's and Spain's or Japan's is more important than knowing how many missions are utterly unique.
Great campaign! Provence is so much fun in 1.30, and it's great to be able to play with so many trees and PUs.
One time I got two 'ultimate' ends and one 'good' end in one playthrough but yeah that was exceptional. Usually doesn't work out all that well, it's really RNG at work.
I'm not sure whether that helps any - having multiple conquistadors going at it. If I'm not mistaken, it hastens results but doesn't multiply your chances of finding a city before the new world is fully explored. If I'm mistaken please correct.me, I'd definitely use at least two conquistadors if it actually helps!
Missionaries.
Yeah, everything's fine for me (no worse than 1.29) but I keep reading that people have performance issues, so something surely changed somewhere.
I've seeded the Office for the last 6 years. And I might keep doing it until it's frigging public domain haha.
Technically advisor cost wise the policy is wasted given your current setup. You have 100% cost reduction but it caps out at 90%. Reduced AE is still quite nice, obviously.
That's an excellent start, though since you get cores on Naples, usually annexing it is better than PUing but hey. You'll integrate it for free at least!
Mutually ensured destruction calls for more damage than that. Don't need to kill to the last man no, but you need to be able destroy all semblance of capabilities, destroy their society AND kill the *vast* majority of the enemy population or else the enemy might feel the losses are still worth it to win. They didn't build so many thousands of extra nukes for fun, it was because neither side felt they finally had so many that it just didn't matter. Both doubted until the end that the destruction they could bring was sufficient to fully deter the enemy, even with warhead counts around 5 digits.
J'aime bien le NPD d'un point de vue idéologique habituellement, même si ça ne vole plus aussi haut qu'à une autre époque. J'ai quand même vraiment peu de respect pour ce genre de sorties, dire un truc pareil en chambre pour un désaccord sur un point de procédure, c'est au minimum un gros manque de jugement. Bref, oui il y'a moyen de perdre des points politiques même pour le NPD sur ce genre de dossier. Même si en général leur base lui en voudra pas.
Man, that is not even remotely a problem. I could totally eat 7000, I can draw up my meal plan off hand it's all good. It'd be great. Problem is, I am far too lazy to spend 7000 calories, so I don't :(
I doubt he'll go to jail even if there's evidence he ate babies. The US doesn't want to prosecute its former presidents even when it's the right thing to do. I could always be wrong, but for now I'd expect a pardon or the evidence vanishing mysteriously.
At this point they need new trees to provide as many opportunities as those that came before so some powerflation seems unavoidable. The trees of GBR, RUS, Poland and Spain for example were all very, very strong. There are some quite absurd in Asia too. So it's unsurprising that new ones have to be competitive by being largely as OP. Granted they could have gone for a more Napoleonic approach to continental domination rather than colonial, but it would be even stronger.
Yeah the professionalism cost is insanely high. I'm okay with it, but I think the debt spiral because of AI overuse of Mercs is just a single facet of the problem caused by their overuse. There's also this, obviously. Until they make the AI more reluctant to spam Mercs, the player gets a huuuge advantage through what's essentially a monopoly on professionalism.
There's one valid use case I can think of for SP. If you're a monarchy that plans to become a Republic later. Perfect use case would be Holland planning on going Dutch Republic. Since republics can't be emperor - not even with Eberkaisum in 1.30 - they can never have the vassal swarm. But if you push the decentralization path while you're still a monarchy then turn, well at least you'll have more beneficial reforms affecting you and no risk of having to fight off a future privilegia war. It's not much, but it's one reason to go there. There should be more reasons to want to pick that path though.
Wait you can still use expand the HRE CB once privilegia is revoked? And they insta vassal? Damn that is strong, I assumed we had to grow it before privilegia
Wait really? I thought the new system was more punishing/limiting than the old States system. Youre saying if you build the right buildings everywhere, you can do a all in-state WC? That would mean the new system is possibly better for wide play? That's amazing, really. So far there WC screenshots I've seen showed people at about 16000 used and only about 4000 capacity. It IS possible they didnt bother to build the buildings, sure, but still seems like a big gap
Well it basically is, sure. But it has the virtue of also being a bug report of sorts, the devs will quickly hotfix the exploit, no doubt. While there are ways to cheat ironmode and achievements with external cheats, they seem to try to make sure at least the base game doesn't suffer from any for too long.
That pretty much happened to a small group I used to work with. Not only did their macros get shared around, they ended up merging their entire job description with another, busier one. So not only they ended up having to work many times as hard, but even man phones as thanks for automating their job and not being discreet enough about how much time it saved them.
Not really - when he's revealed as a Nazi at the end, all but one of the flashbacks are new footage; there's no way to guess ahead of time. Might have been funner had there been more clues.
