TBH that comment makes no sense. Like you said, you don't even look disproportionately muscular. You just look like a normal dude that keeps in shape. Don't succumb to the trolls because that all they have. Just keep doing your thing brotha
Cam isn’t an mediocre qb and KB is unmotivated and overweight
Cam is completing almost 70% of his passes this season and has 24 td passes this season. Hes doing all this with a throwing shoulder injury. Objectively, he is having a much better throwing season than Stafford. Watkins hasn’t been consistent on any team hes been on. KB only had one good year. He cant separate and stopped running routes over the middle bc he didnt want to get hit. We already have a better big body reciver in Kenny. We should focus our resources on finding smaller, quicker recievers to replace the hole that Tate left.
As long as you RE RACK YOUR SHIT
Of all the bad ideas, this is the worst bad idea
Rlake Griffin actually
He had the same problem at NCSU. No one knew what the fuck position he played but he’s definitely not a TE.
Weird flex but ok
Really sucks that we are wasting a top-10 talent like this. Would be great to get someone like Beal to go with Dre and Blake.
This will go on your PERMANENT (reddit) RECORD
Im just gonna say it,CMC is fucking sexy on and off the field.
Add that to the list of bullshit that adults fed you when you were a child lol Also hey! phone twins!
PAW-L
hE DidN't cOmE 2 pLAy sChOOl Bachelor's, master's, and first round draft pick. Thats how you fucking do it kids. Great job!
Cam is clearly not healthy. Time to shut him down and take th Ls
Im so done with that guy. Wrong routes, can’t catch.
Damn both you guys are looking good
Ebron is the worst. He's been a bitch since High school.
I feel like the Tax credit is gonna be extended as more of the big players are buying into EVs as the future. Hey, I guess its better than just bailing them out again. Atleast the consumer gets a benefit with the tax credit and not the stockholders.
At this point, I would just shut them both down. Shift the focus to establishing Moton as our LT and getting Daryl healthy for 2019. That will give us 3 great pieces in Moton, Williams, and Turner. We could invest in a center in round 2/3 and a solid LG in later rounds. Build a Oline that can grow together. As much as I appreciate Ryan, time to move on from the Kalil brothers.
Yes 100%. It was honestly stupid as hell for the cardinals to hire a guy that has only been a coordinator for one year
&gt; 20yo PG with an enormous frame I like the idea of what Casey can do with him
You most definitely need to take Step 1 before Step 2.
Drink is a big part of recruiting our loaded QB room. Losing Ledford really sucks becuase we could have easily promoted him to OC.
Ya any interest in coming back with a pay raise?? Pls
WHERE IS HE NOW
College football is the epitome of the good ole boys network.
We are the same height/body type. You are what I wanna look like as far as gains. Keep it up my fellow bruh-let!
So is this child abuse or what
Woahhh thats wild. Which charles johnson? Panthers?
Oh lol nevermind
They were gonna bring a Ikea to my town(Raleigh/Cary) but backed out last minute :((((
Dude, get the LL Bean Rug sack. Its awesome
Last week I scored 170+ and blew out my opponnt. This week I will be lucky to break 60 depending on how Kamara does. What a fucking shit show
Fuck this guy is gonna go to UNC and be Mack's next Vince Young, isn't he?
Nah dude hes just an upper body passer
Ew
Uhh ok just sayin that hes been looking to flip to a NC school. Its a good pick up for Mack But just be a dick thats cool too 34-28
A win is a win is a win
I snort C4 as my pre workout
Not a huge fan of the hood but thats a beautiful car/colour
Move McCaffery to WR or RB Worked out pretty well for everyone else!
Yezzir! CMC keeps the bed thoughts away this season
Is this what its like to have a bench??? Damn
Unless your doctor has done a bone scan, he can't definitely tell you that you aren't gonna grow anymore.
With the news of Rivera most likely returning in 2019, I think its worth bringing Wilks back as DC. I would love to see Washington be retained as Dline coach as well. I think hes a great coach but just wasn't ready for the role of DC.
Try 2 out of 10 Google is your friend
fuck
Rich Cho was our GM for a long time. He was supposed to be the next Daryl Morey but he wasnt
Uhhh what the fuck
To be fair, usually the bottom pic is the after pic so its a bit confusing
Ayeee Bangladesh!!! Where does this show take place?
RIP Family med physicians Dr. WebMD strikes again
Ya I got that much. Where in Dhaka?
Damn if only we still had CJ Anderson, we could run that wildcat like we did back in the day with DeAngelo and JStew. QB can’t be hurt if you have no QB *taps forehead*
Just so Tepp can fuck with Goodell and Trump. I like it
Wow you couldnt have taken hux???
Hux is a fine recruiter but an awful defensive play caller. We need a co-DC that can actually game plan for WAKE FUCKING FOREST
Year of the car??
To be honest thats too many red flags to pay ~8k considering the mileage and the year. 115k isn’t necessarily a lot of miles for a lexus/toyota engine but you don’t know how he drove those 115k miles. Couple that with the concerning engine and it sounds like a lot of repair might have to go into the car over the next 50k miles. If I were you, I wouldn’t pay more than 6k for it.
You can say this about any team thats winning? They said the same shit about Lebrons miami team
If they didnt take him off tv for biting a lady then they probably aren’t gonna take him off tv for calling people the wrong name
After my morning beer
Well if its a high fiber, high protein, low carb then it might actually work
Once when I was shadowing this happened: Doc: how much soda are you drinking? Patient: I drink about 2 64-ounce-cups of diet sodas per day. Doc: think you can switch one of those sodas to water? Patient: NOPE I DONT LIKE WATER Doc: well atleast your drinking diet soda thats really great!
Actually like 2 bullshit charges away
BRING BACK P-WALL
fwiw Fournette is pretty good when he is healthy
TBF James Conner isn't you average backup. Dude was the best running back in college football before he got hurt and was diagnosed with cancer.
Add this to the list of shit ill never do
How much was the cost for the matte?
All signs point to Rivera being safe
Ya I think Ron deserves another year to right the ship and I think thats what 70% of the fans on our fans feel that way. 30% want to move on. Rons biggest flaw is that hes too loyal to his guys. We got rid of Shula 3 years after we should have and stuck with Washington as our DC for wayyyy too long. Washington wasnt ready to be a DC in the first place so we should have gotten an outside hire. That being said, I think fans would be ecstatic if we brought back Wilks as our DC. Things might be complicated if Cam needs Andrew Luck time to get his shoulder right.
Didnt we draft like a hundred LBs in the last draft?
IN TEPPER WE TRUST
Remember this is still Turner's first year at OC. I think that will come with Turner continuing to build on what he did in year 1.
BRING ALL THE STEFANSKIS TO DETROIT
I would rather see Moss do it tbh But not a bad idea Ocho!
I'd like to see us go out and sign a strong veteran to take over that big WR spot. Honestly Dez might not be a bad option when he gets healthy. Also another great way to stick it to the Saints(fuck'em)
I would love to bring in Brissett but I am admittedly a biased NC State fan. However, I don’t think we bring in a veteran. I think our staff really like both Taylor Heinicke and Kyle Allen. I really like what Allen showed before he got murdered by our Oline.
Saints better stay the FUCK AWAY
Except TD was again one of our best defenders this season. I would totally be cool with Shaq and Luke being the starters and TD coming in as a backup
This is what I dont get. Pepp and TD were not the problem.... both were rated above average defenders. So good performers on the field, good locker room presence to bring along young talent, both willing to take less money at reduced roles. What exactly is the problem here???
Donte Jackson was awesome. DJ Moore was awesome too but disappeared at times and made some crucial mistakes. Ian Thomas showed a ton of promis. Jury is still out on Gaulden. Didn’t play enough but we knew he was very raw on draft day. No one else made an impact and probably won’t be in the teams future plans.
Getting younger and keeping these two guys are mutually exclusive. Theres 51 other spots on the roster lol
Well the numbers say its Unlikely
But mooooooooooooooom
found the dad
Would you like to use that $50 and become your own #bossbitch ?!?
If he actually works on his game then hell yea I would love it. Look at Brook Lopez - expanded his game and add a consistent 3 pointer
His credit score isnt really that impressive. Def not enough to bring it up and try to flex like that lol
Im a big fan of this brand. Love the patterns and the fit. Very versatile as well. I can wear them to the office or out for date night
I'm really concerned that one of those guys is Nic Batum. Worst contract in the NBA
Cam Johnson is exclusively a wing.
Pitt NC State
Dammit thought we had a good shot at him
:(
I hate HATE how the media portrays Kawhi. Dude isn't strange hes just a quiet dude that works hard to be one of the best. period.
I hope we take lecque in the second. Didn't get a chance to root for him at NC State but I think hes got some skill. He reminds me a lot of Westbrook
His jumpshot needs a ton of work. Like almost Markell Fultz work
I think its beyond stupid that he didn't go to college for 1-2 years. Hes likely gonna rot in the Gleague whereas he could have refined his skills in college
I think Brogdon was another example of this
Lol KK whines the least of all the coaches in the triangle and his player development is proven since his days at Hargrave
Hes also kind of injury prone. I watched a lot of games where he left and came back.
Whats the carbs to protein ratio on these bad boys?
Nope
I still believe
From what I have seen, residents don't get much love in the OR either. You gotta get attending status to send people to the shadow realm
You aren't gonna get as much poon as you think you are. Not by a long shot And fucking study dumbshit
Im not an MLM i’m a B U S I N E S S B I T C H
Go to New Bern Ave and get back to us
I dont think anyone believed that
Theres been a lot of new throwing motion hype from different quarterbacks throughout the years. I feel like they just go back to their baseline when it comes to live action games 🤷🏽‍♂️
bad decision but Nurse is anything but stupid...
I think its called walmart/target/any other store lol
Bench Stafford for Chad Henne
Yep, its to blatantly obvious. Same shit happened to McNabb, McNair, and Vick.
I believe Russell is half white
As a Wolfpack fan, thanks for Jacoby!
I'm sure Norv has a nephew or a cousin he can hire to do just that.
Got a feeling we are going after Coby White
I’m intrigued - good size, playmaker, good shooter. Hes got all the tools to be a really good point guard. Miles Bridges, Malik Monk, Coby White are three nice pieces to start rebuulding around if Kemba leaves
First name that came to my head too. Fucking loved Mint.
Im more excited than anything. Moore and Samuel have to be our dynamic playmakers. Wright, Smith, Hogan are great vets. Olsen and Thomas are great too
Tepp gives me Golden State Warriors vibes. Not afraid to try new things that work.
oh man, I totally forgot about that guy. This is why I love this sub.
YES
Board man gets laid
The common denominator is always drafting. Raptors drafting is amazing and our drafting is absolute dog shit. Siakam, VanVleet, Powell, Anunoby. Hell, the Kawhi trade wouldn't have happeened without Poltl and Demar
on their website.
No sir. You display that erection with pride.
Probably a lot of it had to do with playing around with the cap to be able to sign McCoy
Says reddit.deals is a scam website. Buyer beware
Which muji pens did you buy?
I can't even imagine what its like to have sex with andrew luck
I want no part of Andre Drummond. He only does one things welll. Would LOVE to get my hands on Aaron Gordon
I wish the best for Jalen Lecque but I feel like its gonna be a big jump from Prep school to the pros. He doesn't really have a hard skill he can rely on like shooting/handle/passing. Someone is gonna take a flyer in he 2nd round on him and we are never gonna hear from him again. Whereas he could have come to college and really developed his skill and been a 1st rounder next year. Just my opinion, I know people are gonna say its sour grapes
Please don't tell me he got a ring too
Or maybe hes just taking ownership of it like the N-word. Thats OUR animal
&gt; Fuckin' 2012 draft coming back to fuck us once again. Fuck the NBA. They always hook up NO and the Cavs and fuck us over.
Fuck da nba
Pshhh yall scrubs Thank you Jesus for Joe Dumars
Surprised people are so excited about this guy on this sub. Rest of the league seems to be pretty down on him.
Ya I agree. I'm pretty neutral about Langford. Wouldn't be overly excited or overly upset(Assuming we don't pass over a obvious talent like say Coby White or Hunter falls). Hes got some talent but theres a lot of players like him that just don't pan out in the league
dang thats dark
&gt; you did not "hack" your brain. FFS. No one actually thinks you are hacking. Its just an expression ffs
UNC used to do this as well. I remember my cousin had a mental breakdown because of it
Nice
Adjusted LPT: Don't be surprised if you hate your new residency for the first 2 years, even if its a great residency.
Yea, we sort of had a soft rebuild these last 2-3 seasons. Really wish Pepp gave us one more year :(
Nope, We are very high on Bridges.
Isn't he ineligible to go to college anyway since he played professionally ?
I think its a good strategy to draft and develop shooters like Monk and Herro
Its like Lance but better player and less stupidity
Brogdon is like the perfect third piece lol
Its not natural at all to die at 26 lol
I can't believe Jake was here for only 6 years. I would have guessed he was our starter for much longer
If Woj said something about Kawhi going to the Lakers then Lakers fan would have a very different outlook lmao
"Stafford but Lion's season in jeopardy by playing with a broken back. Does not care about winning"
You can't talk about an inept front office and then give an unrealistic scenario lmao wtf
I think I recall he has some psychological issues? Hope hes safe and they find him soon
Thats really shitty and really dumb. Youre super pretty On another term, “adult acne” is a really stupid marketing term. Acne is acne...
So You guys should really trade for Blake
Blake might actually murder CP3 if he comes here
Honestly, NC States biggest problem is that we expect to compete with Duke and UNC overnight. Thats the root problem of why we have been stuck in mediocrity for the last 20 years. We expect the same recruits, the same wins, and the same exposure. When we should really be looking at UVa/UMich/Gonzaga. No one wants to put in the 5-6 seasons it takes to build a infrastructure for a program. KK already on the hot seat? GTFO
Get this ICesspool bullshit out of here
I like take both!! Josh Jackson had a shit ton of potential
I would take this deal in a fucking heart beat
Honestly, If i could go back I would probably start at Wake Tech and basically go to school for free
Imagine if SA said this for Duncan or Milwaukee said this for Brogden. Cam has a few shortcomings but age shouldn’t be the reason you dont draft him
One group of fans act like they have a good chance of going to the superbowl next February one group of fans act like they already won the superbowl in june
Do you like fish sticks?
You THICC bois are always so damn lucky
Thats the right attitude!
wOJ hAs nO sOuRcEs iN La
Its funny because you Lakers fans get so butthurt
Well you also have Pelinka and Linda Rambis running the show so I doubt things will work out lmao
Drummond shouldn't be untouchable. I would trade him in a heartbeat to get back TJ Warren + Josh Jackson
That would be an absolute steal for us. I doubt they do it...though they aren't too keen on Josh Jackson right now. They need a pg so maybe we could working something around Reggie Jackson? edit: Also looks like salaries don't match
Hopefully its Blake. I love the guy but his talents are being wasted in Detroit. He needs to go somewhere where he can compete now and we need to accept that we need to rebuild.
are you trying to make me cry? I don't need this in my life right now
I'd take that in a heartbeat but I doubt Phoenix would do that Plus salaried definitely wouldn't match
Lmaoo imagine hating on maybe the greatest NBA journalist of all time because he doesnt praise your franchise 24/7
ESPN would shit their pants if this happened. They would literally talk nonstop about how they were aau teammates
Ya but Milwaukee usually wins :(
Remember, even the fugliest nba players are swimming in more pussy than everyone on this sub combined
15: Keldon Johnson 30: Darius Bazley Reggie + pick 45 for Josh Jackson, TJ Warren Lets cut the win-now shit and go full player development mode.
Probably unlikely. Gore is too focused on big names but it would be a really idea to get some developmental pieces. Josh Jackson + TJ Warren for Reggie + 45th pick
Would be interesting to see if Dwayne Casey can get his head right. Plus being back in Michigan and close to his mom might be good for him
mA great score bro. Props to you for fasting and taking such a beast of a test.
Is he? Drummond is still on the roster
imo we should have gotten our hands on Dennis Smith Jr when he had the chance from Dallas
I bet memphis is laughing at some of the offers like ja ja ja ja
Bitch i might be
Hes gonna get the Lakers pick wrong tho
They dont have a point guard and Reggie is pretty serviceable and on the last year of his deal
How should i feel?
Why he drop then? Just curious
Hopefully it works out but i wish we took a chance of some of these late first rounders
Damn his team really fucked him. If there were concerns he shouldnt have come to the green room
They make you famous duh
Damn now i wanna know what it was
Lmao you shouldnt have edited
I’m probably missing something here. What about the people that legally purchase the tree and take it home?
Oh man, I definitely misread that. Words are hard sometimes.
I, for one, am super ready to get Bone'd
I used OMG OMT last year and it was pretty dope
No, we mu$t protect the O$teopathic profe$$ion -NBOME
Tell me more about him!
Zion is from South Carolina and played at Duke.. Fuck the pelicans. They took our team. They took AD. and now they get Zion. FUCK THEM and FUCK the rigged NBA draft process
FUCK ALL NO TEAMS
Ya that shit gets boggy af
"I'm back bitches"
Yes, lets blackball all players from the 3 programs that consistently get the best recruits out of high school. Great plan bro
Its not looking good
Feels bad man
THICC BOIS win again
Kevin Porter Jr has clear anger problems. Ed has said he wants to bring in high character guys. KPJ doesn’t fit that mold Theres a reason why Bol Bol dropped. His medical records are a fucking mess and hes injury prone. Theres like clear reasons why we didn’t draft those guys. I trust Ed and his group
P O T E N T I A L
I was a huge skeptic but Ed is really doing a great job thus far. These are the types of moves I like. Will it work out? Eh who knows? Most likely no. but its a low risk high rewards move
I mean as much as it sucks, I'm glad he went to a very likeable team with a guy that a lot of us panthers fans/NC State fans root for in Philip Rivers. Would of hurt so much more if he went to the Saints/Falcons/Bucs
And why dont we call him Thonos?
Langston for Tatum who says no
Iirc Baynes got traded on draft night
No better place to eat that than on a bridge with a monk
I loved Torin. He was a great leader for the Pack. Wish nothing but the best for him. That being said, he isn't an NBA player. Below average shoot and is a below average defender. Like most NC State player, hes gonna have a nice overseas basketball career (lol kill me)
Give us Giannis or Tony gets it.
Sounds a lot like what Toronto has been doing for the last 5-6 years. I love it
The moment I went from kinda disliking Gott to straight up hating that dude. It was pretty satisfying then KK went in there the next year and beat them
Ted :(
Now its just a way for hospitals to exploit young doctors and pay them half what a physician assistant/nurse practitioner makes for twice the hours
Fuck these networks. No one is gonna pay for their stupid bullshit streaming services.
Umm look up a resident salary...
Most PAs in the hospital make well above 100k
Where exactly did i say starting salary? Stop nitpicking dude.
The only team I want to join the ACC is USC(Gamecocks). They are original members and Already have established rivarlies. Baby come back!
Commish/coaches would never let us lose Tech. Atl is too important of a market/recruiting ground fo ACC schools
This is the most frustrating part about Hunt. I hate the random senior citizens taking a tour and talking loud as shit in the silent study area.
MD or DO. Gotta give love to resident Osteopaths
holy shit, whats gonna happen to the residents? Thats their main teaching hospital, no?
OOTL-ception
C'mon man, thats just not true. People were saying the same thing about the Panthers. Honestly, I think Tepper is invested in Charlotte and I wouldn't be surprised if he ended up buying the Hornets.
He would still be effective. Look at Ray Allen
The panthers looked pretty inept at one point too. All it takes is one player to turn your franchise around. NBA franchises are much easier to turn around because its just based on 1-2 core pieces to build around. I know people are upset now but this team is more exciting than people think.
&gt; Hurney gave out worse contracts I place more of the blame on Jerry Richardson than Hurney. Jerry mettled too much and then blamed Hurney
We could have drafted Winslow ha ha ha Cho was so fucking inept
Yea, I just love my boy Hurn. More specifically I like Hurn 2.0 lol But ya completely agree
Yea you're right. I was thinking the more obvious blunder at the time because he was right there for the taking. I'm not super sold on Booker. He is a pure scorer and absolute horseshit on defense. Myles Turner is really good though
We could just be like Lakers fan and completely turn on Woj because of the perception that he doesn't like our team
Listen Tony, you have you for 3 years here before we have to ship you to Indiana or Cleveland so lets make the most of it. ok?
&gt; electric cars and unsafe for pedestrians. As someone that drives a Tesla, I can tell you its absolutely unsafe but its also really stupid imo. Electric cars should just have sensors that can detect pedestrians and emit a warning noise.
The annoying part is most of you guys will still be on this sub. When we turn shit around you guys are gonna act like you never gave up on this team.
I have no problem bashing the FO and Jordan. They deserve to be bashed. I would gladly see someone like Tepper buy the team. I'm talking about all the people that are saying if Kemba leaves I'm out or if we drafted player xyz I'm done with this team. I know those same people will be back here when we are good again talking about how they've supported this team through thick and thin when we are a playoff team again. I know this because I saw it pre-Cliff/Pre-Kemba
Booker is nothing more than a volume shooter. Awful defender and low bball iq. Beal is a perennial Allstar player. Big fuck up there
Don’t forget about Brown and Thomas. I think both of those dudes can really develop into quality players. King may also be a player to watch for
Im all for teading Drummond but I think he is much more valuable
His stats reads as someone that should be getting half that
Oh God yes
That is fucking insane
Hay
For sure, havent been this excited in a minute
This girl on an interview started asking questions maternity leave because she is planning on gaving kids during her 2nd year and then again during her chief year.(which she already decided she was getting) Then another during fellowship and then the last one after fellowship.
Im a lions and a panthers fan. I truly beleived Matt Partricia was the one coach that would make it on his own. He been with BB since the beginning of his career and coached on both sides of the ball. Oh and hes a fucking aerospace engineer. Moral of the story: its all BB. I dont want any part of anyone from his coaching tree
Is that Monk in the hoodie?
Ya she was awful. She literally just asked questions just so she could talk about herself. Didnt give a shit about how you responded to her question
Yo fuck Thom tho
Ron :’)
Lol we arent getting hunter. If we do then Ed Stefanski is a fucking genius
[Woj] After a 24hr cocaine binge, Tom Gores has a change of heart and has decided to keep Andre Drummond and acquire Andrew Wiggins and Terry Rozier in an attempt to get the 6th seed in the playoffs.
The latest ep is from December 24 from what im seeing
Inconsistency is Markells form. He was horrid today
Absolutely! With the caveat that Chase Young in off the board.
I feel like Matt Patricia would butt heads with a lot of these dudes like Marvin Lewis. Not enough autonomy there imo. As a Panthers fan, I can tell you that there were a lot of question marks about Wilks when he was a DC for the Panthers. He benefitted from Sean McDermott + Ron Rivera establishing a strong defensive culture
I have a bad taste in my mouth from when his players carried him off our field.
Brady takes one look at our OLine and retires or calls up Bill and says sorry
Just keep in mind that you can never outwork a bad diet. Don’t diet but start making good choices: high fiber, whole grain carbs, high protein, unsaturated plant fats, etc.
He bed boi
So hes a bad boy?
Fuck the NYG mentality.
Thom Baby isnt coming here
Just a note from a lions/panthers fan. Stafford was having an darkhorse mvp season before he got hurt. When he was healthy our offense was very good. In general, offense was solid this year but defense was absolute shit. Kenny Galloday quietly let the nfl in td passes playing with absolute trash at qb
Stafford was having a mvp caliber season. He also made absolute trash QBs look atleast serviceable after Staff went down.
How skinny are skinny jeans compared to 484s?
PANTHERS RHULE (fuck the )SAINTS DROOL
These sarcastic twitter posts are getting so old lmao
Rapaport is not trustworthy when it comes to the Panthers imo
I think its more important to find a big possession reciever that can be a end zone target for Cam
No not Kelvin Benjamin.
Im an NC State fan and have been following DSjr since high school. Hes got all the talent in the world but he never developed fundamentals and his ego is out of proportion to talent. If he wants to put it all together one day, he needs a hard ass coach to really break him down and build him back up. Maybe Casey is that guy? Not sure..
Hmm wonder what happened with Sean Ryan? I like Joe Brady but he is very young.
Come join your coach!!
Seems like a common problem for Wiley’s D-ends
Looked like zero effort from our team lead by our senior Markell “idgaf” Johnson
KK gets 5 years no questions asked. But ya, this is very disappointing for year 3.
It makes very little sense to me that KK’s offense is built around 3s but he recruits a bunch of dudes that are average at best shooters
Hall is the only dude that is starting caliber next season. Possibly Hayes but we will have to see how he can adjust at the college level. He is a good shooter though. Allen should be able to start right away. Dereon is pretty raw too. Moore, Ebenezer, and Farrar are all projects. I dont think this class will make that big of a difference in year 1.
Bc we are engineering bros
Bc we are already down to 7 players. We dont have the bodies for that. Not sure how you motivate a kid that was on the brink of getting drafted and told by nba scouts to come back and have a big year to go to the nba
Coombs will be my baby daddy in a few years dont @ me
DD and Fundedburk played 1 year oh college ball. Brax was at osu for like a month. This whole argument is a stretch. You can possibly make that argument for grad transfers but not traditional guys. Lots of coaches have built championship teams from tranfers.
Yup lol the Wine and cheesers
I mean a lot of their brand is hype and its probably overpriced. But they have some nice staples that will last a long time.
I consider NCSU, VT, and GT to be its own group. I don't allow Clemson in for obvious reasons.
There also is such a thing as having too much success too early. We see it a lot in coaching. Look at freddie kitchens in Cleveland or Wilks in Arizona. Sometimes you just bite more than you can chew
fudge packers
He was doubted when he went to the nfl. The narrative was that Saban had already run him into the ground during his last two years of college. Also he didnt have any moves he was just a downhill runner.
Henry was a 2nd round pick
Most doubted is definitely a stretch but he was definitely questioned a lot coming out of college. The narrative was that Saban had run him into the ground and he didnt have any moves outside just being a downhill runner. Turns out a 6’3 250lbs running back doesnt need moves lol
bc american history
Ya i think so. You see it a lot in nyc. The nikes, reeboks, and air jordans from the 90s
NC State is gonna be a bubble team this year. Probably .500 in conference with some good wins when MJ is on and bad losses when MJ is off. We need CJ back so bad
This coaching squad looks great on paper but you gotta wonder if we will need a year for them to get adjusted. Honestly hope they bring in an integral guy with nfl experience
Hmmm What would he coach tho? We already hired a D-line coach
Seems like Coughlin is doing it in an unofficial role. I was speaking more as an official role as someone on the coaching staff
This guy NC States.
Ya but to what end? Cam will probably be past his prime by the time Rhule get everything going. Makes me wonder if its better to get a top qb prospect and try to build around him while hes on a low salary. A la RW, Dak, etc
Yeeet
It also helps to be rich af
Ya i agree im gonna get downvoted to shit. I love Cam but just trying to think this out long term. I say Tepper just gives cincy a Bil for Burrow. I mean we would if he really wants to win. We could also just tank a year for TLaw
You know what would be kinda cool? What if we started making a “generational statue” for a few all time panthers. For instance, 2010s generation statue I would put Luke, TD, Cam, Greg, JStew, Gross, Kalil, Turner(?), KK(?) Our 2000s statue would have Jake, Smitty, Pepp, Hoover, Kasay, Rucker(?), Minter(?), Dan Morgan(?)
What if a program isnt your number 1 but you really liked it? What do you do then?
Sean Payton + Drew Brees have a lot to do with Michael Thomas’ success. It was a right place with a perfect fit. I dont think he would put up the numbers in Detroit and probably would be similar to Kenny G’s numbers. Henry i think would have been awesome in Detroit. We need a battering ram like him
He lost that privilege imo
Oh no baby Cam what u doin
FUCK ME
Number** lol Thomas has 149 receptions
Lol Aaron Curry was a “generational lber” that couldn’t rush the passer
That dude does not look 30
LEAVE US ALONE PLEASE This guy is going to have some td record against us if he doesnt already
Did you just write Davis Newsomes new post?
I like Thad Moss a lot. Even when he was at NC State, I knew he was gonna be a stud. The problem was that DD doesn't know how to use TEs. Cam really did well early in his career with 2 TE sets. I think he would benefit from that OR a new QB would also benefits. Ian Thomas and Thad Moss would be a nice combo.
Randy Moss lives in Charlotte! A lot of ESPN is based in Charlotte so that might be a reason why hes here
Well, we don't have a Linebacker Coach yet...
&gt; Drink Pee UNC? I like it
Bruh thats long gone. At this point you guys just gotta preserve Roy's winning season streak
Therein lies the hypocrisy of independence of PA/NP/NDs I once read in Missouri you can practice under a MD/DO as a Assistant Physician
Hope Bates is ok! Having CJ back makes a big difference for us. He is clearly our senior leader and we need him to be 100%. Markell looks better
We are getting wrecked by nagging injuries this year
This is awesome! Thank you so much! Ps: I cant believe someone got upset that you called it protein instead of meat lmao
Uhhh
I like that hes saying but lets see what he does on the field. I’ve been burned too many times buying into what people say at their opening press conferences lol. But I am definitely optimistic! Keep Pounding!!!
I don’t get the Norv hate. He was a pretty good OC for us and did a lot of interesting things when Cam was healthy. I think even the best Offensive coaches in football would have trouble with Allen and Grier and our Oline.
Uhh is that the citadel? I have no idea lol
Retire 89, 90, 59, and 58 asap please
Yes.
You guys are in the small majority. Ya he left but he came back and balled out. Couple that with all the work he has done in Roberson County and I think we can all overlook that he left and embrace him as our own
Keep going im almost there
I was reading the other day that the manufacturing cost of hydroflasks are 4$
Ya its ridiculous how much value we create in our heads
How so?
None of those are reasons to burn a bridge to a franchise legend lol
Damn i never realized that the smug ass reporter didn’t even know the player’s name. Makes this even better lmaoooo
Wow we are taking some stupid shots
Don't let this distract you from the fact that UNC is in sole possession of last place in the ACC
Black dont crack
I hate when he runs point. He is a walking turnover with the ball in his hands
But they will make a comeback. NC State will make sure of that
Whos the old black dude on our bench?
Seems like they are alternating
WHAT BULLSHIT
Daniels doesn't give a FUCK about ball protection
They would just kick out Dixon
Is Markell not playing either? feels like it
10 mins without scoring JFC
Against NC State ya
Our best player got fucked on ticky tack fouls and a Phantom tech
You expect better bball iq from a 5th year senior...
How the fuck is Markell a 59% FT shooter?
Literally everyone on the floor except Brax is ass at FTs
Oh God
NC State gives me heart disease
Our 3 lead guards(1 5th year and 2 4th year players) can't hit fucking free throws. JFC you guys should be better...
We suck...a little less..
Evidence?
I think hes pretty unbiased. Hes just bluntly honest about the bullshit in CBB
I like Bilas. He is honest about the bullshit in CBB
Don't be that guy
lmao ok bud
Woah didn't know that... A nice route for Luke to get into defensive coaching as a assistant LB coach and then move up from there?
damn not a good look for DJ
We need fucking picks. Kuzma is overrated af imo. Give me the chicago or orlando deal
For sure
He was one of the best players on the team. He should definitely know his name dude. Taurean isn’t that bad
It was a pretty good draft for us. - CMC is obviously a God - Curtis has been a solid reciever. Still waiting for him to take the next step. - Moton looks like an absolute unit at RT Biggest Bust for us is Daeshon Hall. Drafter him in the 4th and he did absolutely nothing for us We also drafted Harrison Butker in the 7th but Gano beat him out and went on to shit the bed as a kicker
DRose?
Ya agreed, hes never had a chance to mesh with Cam. He and Cam trade off being injured
Man, for a State with so many great programs, we really suck at keeping our bball talent in-state.
Im gonna be very harsh but honest. You don’t seem to be giving a ton of effort. Its just excuse after excuse. You should stop going to your parents place for every meal. Learn to start cooking for yourself. Go to the city, 45 mins is not that long. Pick a few activities that you enjoy and look for people getting together and doing those things in the city. Stop being so picky with women. Jfc not “all good women are taken” at their late 20s, early 30s. So what if they are a single mom? Youre a 30+ year old virgin so get the fuck over it. Everyone has their shit so stop compartmentalizing people.
Matt Blanchard! Edit: Ya I totally cheated..
who the hell is admitting 25-30 patients?
Bruh thats nicce
Anti fertility???
Hes mean to him bc he likes him
Good. Hes 19 and he can’t have shit handed to him. Make his earn every step!
Damn no love for Josh Hall or is he not eligible because hes doing a prep year?
Billionaires don’t become billionaires by caring about others. This is just business as usual for Tepper and co. I dont think the media is gonna make as big of a deal about this as you think. Especially since theres so many good feelings around the team right now. If you were dealing with the Browns ownership then maybe this would be a different story lol. You should get back to them and ask for the market value of the seats. If you can do that then maybe they will give you more than the 125%.
We should really consider Jameis as a backup on a 2year deal. I think he could really benefit from a year of no pressure and focus on becoming a better passer. He is also a nice insurance plan incase Cam gets hurt again
Ya its probably viral - MS4
You better go out at get Henry then
Ohhh just wait til 4th year
Sounds like a narcissist who doesnt have much to be narcissistic about lol Girls will laugh at his jokes but they will eventually lose interest bc you cant grow a personality overnight
hehehe
aw luv u too
Against powerhouses like Pitt, Clem's son, and GT too
8-10
Clem is a motherfucker and so is his kid
&gt; Brunson and a 2nd from Dallas How would that work with salaries? Brunson + Jackson + THjr + 2nd would work
Might be nitpicky but are you cleaning your outer ears? people sometimes use soap on their entire body except head and neck and facewash to wash face but neglect their outer ears.
Ok freud
Silvio: bitch better have mah money!!
Kween
Braxton has been so bad this season.
I remember his freshman year/beginning of sophomore year he was a very good 3-point shooter. Seems like this year he just cant get into a good rhythm or something..
Big yikes
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
We don't give a FUCK about ball protection
Avocado just has our number for some reason
RIP to the goat. Glad we were part of his history with 04
Because there are a lot of shit people out there
They should have cancelled all the games today. This was a bad move by the nba imo
Put yourself in their shoes. They had a rough day too. Lets be kind to each other damn
Trevor Lawrence probably
Adrian Peterson probably could. He was a pretty freak athlete
Positional coaches change positions all the time. Often even from defense to offense. This isn't that big of a jump. I'm guessing Brady will be the main coach for any QB regardless.
Didnt this guy get his baby high or some shit?
No free shipping kills this for me
Ok gotcha thanks for the clarification
our cumulative bball iq is in the toilet. Hellems is pretty smart
Why does the stadium seem so quiet? Is it hust me?
Our senior guards play the same way
I feel like they look very similar. Brice still gives me nightmares
Both Kell and Bryce are playing like boneheads
So frustrating
KELL BRYCE WAKE THE FUCK UP
Hes an assistant coach for the pistons lol
Both Cj and Kell check out when shits not going their way.
I just hope we are a bubble team this year. We just recruit the wrong dudes. Kell and Bryce are fucking seniors that look like they are checked out
I knew Vandy at state and he is the fucking man. Most underrated player at nc state. 100% team dude
FUCKING LOOK FOR THE BALL WHY IS EVERYONE FUCKING BLIND
Lets go 24
ya lol like stfu
this game has too many fucking commercials
what defense?
Roy didn’t do shit. Our senior guards play with the fucking IQ of walkon freshman. Kell and CJ are so fucking disappointing
No liability ha ha ha ha
I know a lot of the teams in the league say this but man we have so many connections to him
Dope
Damn we were teally lucky to see such a great era of basketball
God I hate Medfluencers
They restrict the hours but the work is still compacted into the time frame.
Only if we trade next years 2nd too
Shit I was hoping for stupid and timid
This is a good hire. Shula was an awful OC but a very good Qb coach or Cam
Ya this seems like a weird thing to get upset about
And this is why you google every attending you work with
Those are pretty standard colours for a bmw i8. I feel like the Rarri is most likely CMC’s
Maybe its a regional thing. Growing up i. The south its very common for older ladies to introduce themselves as Ms.X. Never thought of it as a ego thing
ya thats annoyong lmao
Hmmm interesting. I think its smart for the Panthers to get as much info as possible behind closed doors. We are in a very period for qb evaluations. We can trade/release cam or keep him with or without extension. We could sign a veteran qb or draft a qb in 1st. Lots of options that first start with first understanding where Cam is.
[After we release him and he goes to NE] He can be an All-Pro.
Wouldnt it be great if you were capped at like say 6-8 interviews. This way Gunners wouldnt go on like multiple “safety” interviews and programs would have to look at more than board scores.
I really hate that Joe gets in your face when he talks lol.
I meant the drink he made. This is mostly a joke
Very strange. Makes me think that Greg still wants to play
Wait til you see whos next
Lulz jk luv u Cam
Being the Steelers, Pats, Ravens in the nfl is pretty hard. You gotta make tough decisions on players due to financial reasons.
Fine DRose/Reggie Jackson for Embiid
Most of you Charlotte Mothafuckas don't even do this
Maybe head of scouting?
what a fake laugh lmao
Nope, just CK. lvl2 PE is equivalent to CS
Boston would be a great fit. DRose would be a good mentor for their young team and help them contend
None of their Point guards are on the level of DRose. It aint even close
Ok fine its a little close
God what a great game. It felt so good to finally beating the Seahawks after losing so many close ones to them
Me too man, I remember how pissed I was because it started to look like we were gonna lose to them AGAIN
TMZ is actually pretty good at what they do lol
Maybe youre thinking about him because hes from Eastern NC and went to UNC
Dont forget the 30 linebackers we drafted in the late rounds a few years back
Nah Dorsey brings in too many questionable characters
Pat Mac was a lil bitch
But also like....what about the virus?
Dont justify the bullshit ReopenNC were trying to pull. They really tried to protest a fucking virus lmao
All youre telling me is that you are as dumb as them lol
It is, hence my original comment
No one likes their property being destroyed but I’m sure they have insurance to cover this. Could be for attention but what motivation do they have? They could have stayed silent and repaired the damage
I found a quizlet online that was good but honestly the ethics and law questions are absolute horseshit.
Any oh fmfers remember Metamphetamine ? He would post in this exact format
Another white male that is slightly inconvenienced so everybody has to hear about it
Wow Dan says one thing on the air and another thing to the media! CANCEL DAN PATRICK!!!
Its like these people dont look at the fucking news
Fuck it im in
Heres the cock and balls. Can everyone appreciate the cock and balls here?
Cooper is the last of his kind: Moderate Southern democrat
Theres a laundry list of drugs that cause long qt syndrome. Is it a concern? Sure but usually its such a low instance that the risk doesn’t outweigh the benefit.
Unfortunately, Viruses dont see colour. Except Covid. You racist fuck
$tudent$ mu$t $how competency in o$teopathic medicine
They may have asked not to be quoted for job security. Students have much less liability than employees when they speak against a university
TIMES UP DICK wonder if Betty is aware of his activities
