&gt; washed That's a bit much. He's shown signs this past season of getting back to form. I'm looking forward to seeing how he does next year after a proper off/pre-season.
&gt; Boston won't have drama after Kyrie leaves because they'll be irrelevant. We almost made the finals without him last year lmao
&gt; Lonzo The PG that can't shoot or even make free throws?
When being 'edgy' and craving attention goes wrong. Love it.
Kyle Lowry || Welcome to Manchester United || 2019/2020
Wasn't there a story on there like a year or two ago where some guy who works for a company who was a sleeve sponsor of United like Kohler or something said they were signing someone huge lol? I'm sure I remember something like that.
Still Golden State. A Raps win tonight probably just accelerates KD's return and I don't think any team is capable of beating GSW with KD.
Cousins sold it but the contact is the exact same as the one Gasol got on Cousins. Clear slap on the elbow.
No. It was a blatant foul though and literally identical to the one at the other end involving cousins and gasol
The second unit becomes almost irrelevant if the game gets out of reach early on.
Kawhi should just barrell into the paint every time. They give him the call 9 times out of 10.
JVG full on hater mode tonight lol
I think it's to protect his ankles. He had a lot of ankle issues early in his career.
Lmao they're just giving the Raps FTs whenever they miss.
Siakam should get FMVP if the Raptors win it. Obviously Kawhi is getting it no matter what but Siakam has been huge.
HOW THE FUCK DO YOU MISS THAT
OMFG a foul on Kawhi? What is this sorcery?!
It's crazy that they can't look at missed goal tends and add the points on later like they do with 3 pointers that they're unsure of.
Looked like his foot was on the line rather than being inside it. No idea what the rule is on that? Probably counts as being inside I'd imagine.
Lowry snitching on Draymond fishing for a tech lol
That might be the worst fast break I've ever seen. The fuck was that pass from Draymond
These refs are fucking woeful
What's new lol?
* Finals record with KD: 8-1 * Finals record without KD: 8-8 He'll absolutely be the reason if they win.
Except in all those games/series KD was clearly the outstanding player and won FMVP x2. You're going out of your way to act like KD isn't the reason they're "over the top".
I think you're exaggerating how much you're the underdog here. Lowry is better than Iggy and Cousins as of right now.
Yes and he isn't good enough for Barca either which makes me doubt it even more. I know they pull out some mental transfers from time to time but surely they'd be looking at better than Rashford?
What about when he was screaming at the Bucks bench after you eliminated them and the dude that sits next to him was having to calm him down? Just banter too?
Kawhi is getting the Harden treatment. Whenever he charges into the lane they're calling a foul. The media hyping him up as being the best in the world etc has clearly impacted the refs because they're treating him differently from every other player now.
Recency bias and media hype. AD is incredible.
&gt; You haven’t even made an argument to the contrary. How can I? I can't tell you anything about AD that you won't already know. It's just my opinion that he isn't "significantly inferior" to Kawhi. He's an absolutely dominant player in his own right. For what it's worth, I don't see how you can use this postseasons statistics to make your case for Kawhi then also say he's a better scorer than AD when he averages a lot less points and things like being a better passer are part and parcel of being a ball dominant small forward in comparison to a big man like AD but even then Kawhi averages 2.4 assists for his career compared to AD's 2.1 so the difference in terms of output is minimal. Realistically 2.4 assists per game is extremely poor when you consider his position and level of ability. Even someone like KD who is much more of a scorer than Kawhi ever could be averages 6. edit: And it's hard to quantify who is a better defender too. Kawhi is a better perimeter defender and AD is a better rim protector. They're both elite defensively and excel at certain things that the other doesn't due to size and position.
Sorry, I didn't realise we were only using a month or so's worth of basketball to determine it.
Do we think Kawhi will take over or under 15 fts this game?
Yeah it would turn into a free throw fest with the refs sending certain players to the line all game. Oh, wait...
What a fucking rebound
You're not suggesting that Kawhi foul on Draymond was clean lmao come on...
His arm hits Draymonds arm on the way up before theres even any contact on the ball from Kawhi.
Kawhi fakes more than prime D Wade and they keep biting lol
Imagine how much flopping there would be in Houston if they still had Lowry?!
Lowry again...
Iggy: Wide open dunk? Nah let me just air ball a 3 instead...
You've seen all the calls Kawhi and Lowry have gotten this series right? Refs have been absolute trash the entire finals but it isnt one sided.
Why is Kerr running this lineup? Iggy, Livingston, Looney and Green all out there lmao.
After this shit can we finally dispel the myth that Curry is better than KD?
Problem is when he kicks it out no one else can take or make a shot. Draymond, Iggy, Livingston etc... just not good enough. Draymond should spend all summer working on his shooting. When the Raptors kick it out to Gasol, Siakam, Ibaka, FVV etc you know they're getting a shot up.
The idea that you guys were ever better without him was so laughable. Hes by far your best player. I know you all love Curry but KD is miles ahead.
Such a cheap shot regardless of where it got him.
They'll probably still win now even if KD returns anyway. It's gonna be hard for KD to return from a while out right in the middle of a finals and still perform as always. Probably needs time to get up to speed.
Depends. He might've been asked "if KD returns and is only at 50% how will that help you guys" or some other hypothetical.
Babel has nudes of Koeman, right?
Most Barca fans dont want Sergi either lmao
Dumfries lmao
Portugal but not by too much. They just look more threatening offensively. Netherlands final ball is lacking.
LMAO Seb wow
Lmao seb cant be arsed and the Mercedes girl just blasted him with the champagne
Stop using common sense and get with the conspiracy narrative!
It's still KD. It isn't controversial to say he's still a top 8 player even if he's rusty. He's that good. Kawhi can barely run up the court (he's had some kind of injury since the Bucks series) but he's still fucking amazing.
You're getting downvoted but you're right. As it stands right now the Raps can double team and run traps on Curry and Klay all night long because when they kick it out it's guys like Draymond and Iggy they're leaving wide open knowing they won't even take the shot let alone be able to make it. With KD there it forces you into different schemes. I never thought I'd see the day where someone saying "having Kevin Durant opens up the floor" is controversial but I guess this sub is so anti-KD/Warriors that anything goes lol
&gt; So much for de Ligt hype de Ligt is still an amazing talent wtf are you talking about?
The new rule is a shambles and will lead to loads of penalties IMO so yeah. Jorginho could actually be worth being a 4th/5th mid if he's on pens now Hazard is gone.
On first viewing that looks like a terrible decision.
I love AD but he clearly doesn't want to be here. He, his agent and their media chums have done everything they possibly can to let us know that as well as force him to LA but still there'll be people on here telling us how we need to give up our whole future for one year of AD. Crazy.
Wasn't that a blatant travel from Kawhi a minute ago?
Kawhi has mastered the head snap
"Looks like he took a hard shot" lmao
One of the trailing defenders touched his shoulder
It's the warriors so of course they are. It was so fucking blatant too lmao.
Warriors in 5.
Classy crowd.
Greens refusal to shoot wide open 3s kills the Warriors.
It's hilarious that Raptors fans think the refs are pro Warriors.
It was cunty then and it's cunty now
Bell ball watching there, awful.
Iggys jumper is even worse than Draymond lmao how is that possible
Good basket. It only looks bad from the angle behind the rim which of course is gonna look different
The best way to overcome referee shenanigans... just drain clutch shots
We'll find out how big a dumbass Draymond Green is in game 6. One tech away from a suspension... it would be so typical for him to do some stupid shit, Warriors win and he misses G7.
I'm just so gutted at this. He's my joint favourite player ever and I just love watching him play ball. Fuck!!!
I think the Raps have been favoured by the refs all series but yeah, this call was blatant. I prefer that they call it even if it's late in the game. A foul is a foul. Why should the player on the receiving end of the foul be at a disadvantage just because of the myth that refs must swallow their whistles in the last couple of minutes?
If you know anything about KD you know how much he loves basketball. I would think he was pressuring the Warriors to return as much as they were pressuring him.
So unnecessary from Sharpe. Really poor.
Why is there no VAR at this level of football?
LeBron will be 35 before the end of this year and you're talking about 3peats lmao
Doesnt mean *their* usage of it is racist or in any way related to the alt right.
I don't really see why a GM talking to his star player in this instance is considered a "violation' or a no-no".
Nah he was just the GM of the team... hes allowed to talk to AD ffs. Paul is being overly dramatic here but that's no real surprise given who his overlord is.
I think they just bottled it by playing shite tbh. Anfields atmosphere is obviously excellent and played a part but it's not like they weren't creating chances. Alba, Coutinho and Suarez all missed sitters. Alba was one on one at one point and turned back to pass to Messi who had a defender on top of him lmao
&gt; What is Rich Paul doing that is wrong? For AD? Nothing. But his comments have a big impact on the Pelicans because it significantly drives the price down and hampers what they can get in trade talks. The cynic in me would suggest that's so LeBron doesn't need to give up as many assets in return.
As one of the C's fans who was against trading for AD because of this exact scenario, I'm glad they've finally come out and admitted it. Now we can move on and hopefully put it to bed so our young guys aren't second guessing where they'll be in a few months, how much we want them etc etc. Move on and focus on the guys who want to be here.
To be honest, I think Paul is so desperate to get AD to LA now that he probably reached out to us. If AD doesn't get to LA this summer then LeBron will just about be 36 by the time they do team up. I reckon that is weighing heavily on his mind.
Who's your daddy?
Correct me if I'm wrong, but if they took the deal back then, they probably wouldn't have gotten Zion and would also not be getting the 4th pick to go along with him? In hindsight NOLA played it perfectly.
&gt; Better than Rogic imo Come on.
What did she say that came across as her viewing him as a "property"? She's a Spurs fan and was just venting saying the same stuff a lot of them were at the time.
The guy literally refused to turn up and support them in the playoffs but was pictured at the same time at baseball games in LA. He deserved to catch heat for that.
&gt; When LeBron had those full body cramps in the finals vs the Spurs, she said she was going to give him some midol out of her purse. Medication that women use to control period pain. That sounds like a joke to me??
Yeah, let's give up Tatum, Brown and other assets for a guy who has already said he'll leave in a year. FFS. The only good news with this it makes me think Kyrie is staying. If he was leaving then there's no way we would still be going after AD. I know there were reports saying we would but I think that was just hot air. No way we'd watch Kyrie leave, trade everything for AD, watch him leave in a year and be left at rock bottom. Surely?!
I think that's definitely the case. I guess it means we're all in on next season trying to do what Toronto have done this year.
Windy with the scoop here.
I remember a while ago seeing people debate over on r/nba about the Lakers and one of the pro's for going to the Lakers was "instagram models" lmao. That's how far off the Lakers fell.
Green laces, bag and overbearing green trees in the picture with the caption "the signs are clear"... this is either confirmation he stays or she would be the greatest 'niece' ever on r/nba
AB = Aron Baynes He just opted in today.
Lakers fans are bitching about this because they don't wanna give up both. They thought a point guard that can't shoot or make free throws was enough for a generational talent like AD lmao.
&gt; because they are hurt somebody wants their cornerstone player I think they're hurt at the blatant tampering rather than you guys wanting their player. We want him too and I never see them shit on us.
Klay stay
Surely if you're United it's Dybala or no one if Juve are willing to give up a player in the deal?
No one ever denies athletes these rights but some of you conveniently forget that they're under contract too. This whole 'we're people, not property' narrative that is growing (while fundamentally correct and understandable) is gonna get messy eventually.
It's because it's never happened.
Never.
&gt; then he's a race baiter again. Like you're being right now?
Another scoop from Windy.
I think you know what my point was hence you deleting your comment.
Well it's been removed so must've been a mod because you were race-baiting.
Meh. I've been in the camp that Tatum could be a bona fide superstar anyway. Give him the keys.
Let him walk surely? A Kyrie-D'Lo backcourt would be awful defensively.
Nice of him to drop all this while the AD saga is going on. Just allows LA to lower their offer now. Probably a personal favour called in from the queen.
Here's how his uncle described the situation: &gt; “They didn’t believe Kawhi couldn’t play and that caused a lack of trust in us and then us not believing in them. Any time a player says he’s not capable of playing, you should believe him. Why would Kawhi just stop playing all of a sudden? He’s a competitor. Sometimes you get these team doctors telling you what you can and cannot do, and Kawhi was just in too much pain to get out there. This was a serious issue. They didn’t believe him, and after that, the relationship couldn’t recover and we decided we had to move on.” He was also cleared by the Spurs' medical staff. Safe to say they felt he could play.
Me. I'm gonna enjoy watching Tatum and Brown develop into stars and I'm anticipating Hayward having a good year too. I'd be far more devastated at losing Tatum than Kyrie.
You're being hysterical. I take it Kyrie was your favourite player?
Overall it's 5% higher and his FT shooting is 22% higher. It's hardly controversial to say Brown is a better shooter.
Tatum averages more points than Ingram, more rebounds, has a higher FG%, 3PT%, FT% (by a long way), higher PER and WS, and has already performed well in the playoffs. So how is it a wash?
Huh? You're in agreement that it isn't controversial yet you reacted negatively when someone made the point initially? wtf lol
&gt; Sixers is still better even if they lose those two I'm not sure. We match up well with them. Horford owns Embiid and Simmons is still a liability with his refusal to shoot. We also have the much better coach too. People are acting like Tatum and Brown won't improve this coming season too. Like every other team is getting better and progressing but our guys will be stuck in the mud? If Tatum is the main man on this team he's going to have a great season and his potential is already sky high.
From what I've seen previously I think they have the tools too. Tatum especially. And an increased responsibility can accelerate it.
I was going by career numbers which if anything should be a benefit for BI considering he's been in the league longer.
Pretty much because I don't give a fuck about Rozier and his salty ass. Tatum, Brown, Horford, Hayward and Smart is not some kind of mediocre team on a par with this years Phoenix Suns ffs (as has been mentioned tonight)
I'm glad I don't like hockey lol
No, I always use career numbers when comparing players of a similar age because once again I think multiple years of data gives you more information than one year of data does. Furthermore, I think using a single season when comparing guys is stupid and totally misleading. If you focus on that then you're gonna come to the conclusion that Giannis or Harden are the best players in the league. They're not. The guy on your team is. Statistically Tatum is better than Ingram despite having less experience and playing at a higher level (the playoffs). That's me pushing a narrative now.
There's been some top notch fuckery with VAR lately. In the USA ladies game there were two stonewall penalties on them denied even after VAR checks.
We the norther
The disrespect towards Harden too.
Damn you couldn't even give us Maria Menounos? Cold blooded.
Damn, we're getting trolled by a team that signed LeBron and still didn't make the playoffs. We fell the fuck off lmao
The quality of the PL is largely due to foreign players.
In order to win the CL you need to have a great squad. Tell me one team who won it where you couldn't point out numerous quality players? Like Ronaldo is amazing, but he had Modric, Ramos, Kroos etc. Kaka was great but he had Pirlo, Nesta and so on. Salah? Great but what about Mane, van Dijk, Trent et al? The only thing that is "telling" is that one man can't win the CL on his own and the teams that do win it will have quality throughout the entire squad.
The talking heads have been spewing so much bullshit since this happened.
Quantity wise. Quality wise it all depends on what NOLA's vision is moving forward and who they're higher on. It's pretty hard to quantify these things. I'm praying we dont give up our assets for a one year rental anyway so hopefully you guys do blow us out of the water.
There's a better chance of KD playing tonight than that happening.
It should also be what happens when guys like Klay clearly get hacked on 3 pointers... but alas, here we are.
I like Kuzma but he isn't good enough that you jeopardise a year of AD-LeBron in a season where there's no KD. Just bite the bullet and get it done.
He hasn't aggravated the injury though? It's simply that it's gonna hurt and he'll need to play through it.
Please god no. Kyrie is gone, AD will be gone in a year and we'll have traded the Jays for that rental. Fuck that timeline. Accept that he doesn't wanna be here and move on.
I wonder if this is why Ainge is seemingly undeterred by the AD reports. Get AD in and hope that it convinces Kyrie to stay?
Why will we have 0 all stars? Is Tatum, Brown or any other potential player not allowed to progress and develop in Boston in this timeline you're living in? I don't think we'll win a title in the next 3 or 4 years but I didn't think we'd win one with Kyrie either. I'm just looking forward to seeing how guys like Tatum develop in a situation where he'll probably be the main man.
&gt; Kyrie did as much (if not more) to indicate that he wants to be a Celtic as AD has done to indicate he wants to be a Laker In what universe? AD had his dad phoning ESPN to say he doesn't want his son playing here lmao AD's pursuit to get to LA has been relentless.
&gt; I'm not including Karl Malone because I consider him the best player never to win a championship I would say Elgin Baylor
None of them.
Are they not allowed to appreciate the sacrifice he made for the cause?
&gt; I'm one of the smart ones. I think we should just let Kyrie walk, either convince Terry Rozier to return or sign IT4. &gt; I'm one of the smart ones &gt; I think we should let Kyrie walk and sign Terry Rozier &gt; I'm one of the smart ones &gt; I think we should let Kyrie walk and sign Isaiah Thomas Dental plan. Lisa needs braces
I'm positive he'll have a great season next year. If Kyrie is gone then Gordon is gonna have the ball in his hands a lot more and that's where he's at his best. A proper summer and pre-season will also do him the world of good.
I honestly don't think it's enough to get out of the East. Milwaukee and Toronto (assuming Kawhi stays) are still gonna be a lot better than Brooklyn IMO. Philly won't be far off either.
Kawhi 30 (22 FT's)
I think Butler will leave but even if he does I think you'll still be the 3rd seed. Milwaukee and Toronto 1 &amp; 2 with Brooklyn, Boston, Indiana and maybe Chicago battling behind that.
They pretty much go hand in hand at this stage.
Toronto has 3.
Why are they talking like they gave Draymond a 3? They only added 2.
Damn if that went in
Holy fuck Iggy jumped out the building
How was that not a push off by Siakam?
The warriors bite on every fake
Lowry going for mvp
Didnt get it last game when Lowry fouled Klay on the 3
No and Kyle Lowry was pathetic for crying to the refs about it
So stupid from looney
Why do players complain when they know we're gonna see replays of it lol
KLAY IS A BETTER SHOOTER THAN CURRY
Its not dirty from Green but this is why I hate contesting dunks when the guy is already in the air. Let it go
Lmao at him coming back out on some WWE shit
What a stupid rule though that you cant come back if you cant shoot. The team that gets the injury gets penalised further...
So stupid from Curry
Curry has the most dumb turnovers you'll ever see
Wont count
What's the benefit in faking an injury?
Jerebko in. Congrats on the title Toronto!
Fuck Klay is out
KD being out was already the biggest factor anyway
FVV is MVP right?
Curry is reckless
You already know he's coming out with some wild shit tomorrow
Lmao Green what a dumbass
Raps will win here anyway, you know they'll go to Curry for the shot and hes gonna have like 4 guys on him
Draymond you fucking moron
Klay would've made that shot
Klay &gt; Curry
Why the fuck are the Raptors so nervous lmao its over
I thought it came out that no one offered him anything except GS?
The Leonard trade was just the perfect storm rather than some genius move by Masai. Everyone knew he was available via trade but with the injury situation it put a lot of suitors off whereas Toronto were gonna blow the DeMar-Lowry thing up anyway after years of playoff disappointment. They had the least to lose IMO. Obviously a great trade but the stars aligned perfectly for them.
My gut feeling is that the West will win a chip next year and it'll be the Lakers. They'll get AD and probably another big FA. Who in the West is stopping that now that KD is out?
Game 1 did and that was *with* KD and JR's bonehead play.
Danny's hard a hardon for AD for years. Probably kept Jaylen to use in his AD package.
No but in a KD-less timeline I don't think he would have to.
Again I agree, they were a really poor team and yet they made the finals. It's no coincidence why. LeBron is *that* good.
Honestly I'm starting to think Klay is better than Curry. He's a better shooter IMO and clearly a far better defender. And by saying that it isn't me moving Curry down on any hypothetical list but rather moving Klay way the fuck up.
Durant is clearly better than Curry and always has been but that's unfair. Without KD and Klay they're free to triple team him. What is he supposed to do? His only option is to kick it out to someone like Draymond whose shooting is abysmal.
And to think it's deemed controversial to say prime CP3 was better.
This has crushed me. He and KD may not be Celtics but I love watching them play and within days they've both suffered career threatening injuries. Just fucked up.
I was thinking about this but I still think his game translates better than most in terms of recovery whereas with someone like Derrick Rose it was just absolutely debilitating due to his explosive style.
Even if it was before Klay's injury was fully known it was still days after KD's. What a moronic thing to say although not surprising from someone with emoji tattoos.
Fair. Hopefully his recovery is more akin to that of Lavine than D Rose. I had no idea until now that Lowry tore his ACL in college. You wouldn't know by watching him.
Probably yeah. I'd say this Houston team would be the best in the West even if you factor in the probable AD trade but knowing the way shit is going Harden will probably go down first game of the season.
Next year is probably asking too much but overall I don't think it's a stretch to say they'll be back once KD and Klay return after that (assuming they resign)
If KD is back at full health then it's a no brainer. LeBron will be almost 40 in 4 years.
Catch and shoot he definitely is. Obviously Steph is better off the dribble.
I'd rather have Kyrie and AD if I knew he would resign but as it is I'm unwilling to give up two young potential stars for a 1 year rental.
Who else offered him a deal?
It's almost like there's 3 other players on the court as well... none of which will be Tatum, Brown or possibly even Smart.
They're both a problem. It isn't Barto's fault Valverde's team has bottled big leads two years in a row in the CL.
Tatum is 21 years old. There's absolutely no way to know that his ceiling is just an all star reserve at this point. I think if he's given the chance to be the main man on the team he could be a genuine superstar by 26-27 ish.
Isn't this just the exact same article from Himmelsbach that was posted earlier about our confidence eroding etc? It's just a different quote from the same piece.
&gt; They definitely have the tools to play anyway they want They don't have the tools to play a containing game of football. They aren't Atletico Madrid. Valverde's plan at Anfield was to sit deep, keep it tight and try nick a goal on the counter.
Why are Lakers fans obsessed with trawling other subs and banging the drum about how much AD wants them and how much better their package is than every other teams etc. Fucking insufferable. The Pels sub is just overrun with them at this stage.
&gt; Lebrons roster last year was better than Currys next year Draymond is better than anyone on the Lakers outwith LeBron. Add the likelihood of Cousins coming back and I think GS' roster comes out on top. LeBron's roster was a bunch of meme's and young guys.
It's more that I think LeBron's teammates last season were garbage than GSW's roster being packed with quality depth.
AD could've been an MVP contender too if he wasn't playing like 20 minutes a night.
Hindsight is great. At the time Kawhi was coming off a season where he played 9 (?) games and had huge question marks over his health. Nobody really knew WTF was going on with that. Toronto were gonna rejig the roster anyway after yet another year of playoff disappointment. They had the least to lose given they were very likely gonna ship DeRozan anyway whereas other teams were hesitant to give up assets for a guy with health concerns. Fuck, if it was as obvious then as it is now then every single team in the league would've been throwing assets at San Antonio.
He's been keeping the assets for AD. Davis to Boston has been in the works for years. Bill Simmons has been banging this drum for at least the last 2 years. I'm against trading for AD now it seems Kyrie is gone but he's been Ainge's #1 target for years now.
Why isn't Al considered the leader?
Why are they telling Porzingis to max him?
Tom Wanks
Some of you are so short sighted. If you build a quality team with an eye on the future a la Golden State then your championship window is open for multiple years. If you trade for AD it's open for 1 year and its not even guaranteed to be open anyway.
That Lavine rumour really makes no sense for Chicago. The only team it really benefits is LA. Why would Chicago give up Lavine for Lonzo and also take back Solomon Hill's contract? Moving up from 7 to 4 in this draft doesnt seem like a great jump either. The thread about it in the Bulls sub is unanimously against it.
Amazes me how so many people are acting like Tatum doesnt have the potential to be a great player. Mediocrity would've been what lay in store a year from now after AD bolted.
Y'all are acting like AD is fucking prime MJ. Kyrie is gone, AD, Brown and Horford isnt enough to win a title. Hed have bolted in a year and left us fucked. This is the better outcome.
Tatum needs to stop listening to Kobe
This year yes, afterwards? Not sure. LeBron is old and last season injuries finally caught up with him. Assuming KD and Klay resign with GS then they'll be better than the Lakers every year.
Or trade for one? Something we haven't done since 2017...
Kyrie was already gone, that's what sealed the deal.
Who are they getting with their max slot? The only one that would worry me is Kawhi. KD and Klay will be fine.
Already gone. If there was any hope before this then Ainge would've pulled the trigger.
Kyrie was already gone FFS. This had no effect on Kyrie. Kyrie had an effect on this.
People are looking at this all wrong. This doesn't impact on Kyrie's decision. Kyrie's decision impacted this. We knew he was gone. If we'd had any inkling that he would stay we would've pulled the trigger. But still, this narrative that this is what finished our chances of re-signing Kyrie will rumble on.
Butler is overrated. Philly couldn't even make the ECF putting him beside Embiid, Simmons, Harris and Redick.
The context being that they *almost* beat the Raptors but didn't? Cool.
&gt; Look at how much we defended Lonzo and how much everyone else shat on him That wasn't loyalty. It was delusion.
He's terrible now. Love the guy but love the C's more and he isn't good enough.
I don't think that was his point at all. Probably more upset at the blatant tampering going on with AD and how one player (LeBron) is allowed to be the main man at a fucking agency which dictates so much in the NBA. It's blatant collusion. But still, I'm glad you guys got him because us giving up everything for a one year rental would've been the absolute worst timeline. Also, why are so many Lakers fans like yourself coming over here now??
You aren't getting Kawhi. We can rule him out. I already said you'll be contenders next year but after that the window is much less open. You're relying on KD and Klay returning at a significantly inferior level while also praying LeBron's body doesn't give in to wear and tear.
Irving leaving is the absolute best thing that could happen to Hayward. He's at his best with the ball in his hands and with Kyrie around that wasn't possible.
One of the key things the people who keep saying that forget to factor in is that the East improved in part because guys like Giannis, Siakam, Embiid and Simmons were all allowed to develop by their teams and had another years worth of experience and progression under their belts. These same posters are unwilling to give that same opportunity to Tatum and Brown. I'm not for one minute saying either will go on to be as good as a Giannis type player fwiw but still, players can only realise their potential if they're given time and we've got people on here writing off Tatum when he's only 21!
Whenever I watched Capela it seems all he does is get lobs from Harden. What else does he offer? I haven't focused on him enough to know his game fully.
Because when he leaves you end up in the shit after having to give up so much to surround him with win-now pieces. Look at Miami and Cleveland.
Indeed but it doesn't change the fact that once he goes you're gonna be in deep shit for the foreseeable future.
This ref is fucking unbearable.
And y'all done it in large through the draft.
Kuzma lmao, just so out of place compared to the others
This seems like BS. If he wanted to play with AD he would've committed here where he can get paid the most AND play with him.
I'd like to see Hayward run the offence.
Him and Smart together would be awful. I know the defence would be elite but jesus the offence would be all time levels of bad.
Theres been some absolutely insane decisions with VAR since it came in. Just goes to show that you can have the technology but if the people using it are the same idiots that were making awful decisions before then it's all for nothing
Ah no worries cheers.
&gt; Lebron is a genius, been planning this for years Has he been working on a Klay and KD voodoo doll?
Why would he go to OKC if he's ring chasing?
&gt; What is he waiting for? AD but the Kyrie situation fucked it. He's been eyeing AD for years now hence why he "passed" on PG or Kawhi.
&gt; And with Tatum just 21 years of age, he is viewed by most execs as a future all-star who has the potential to be one of the best players in the league for many years to come. Funny, some people on here were telling me that he'll never even sniff an all star game and this is as good as he'll be and handing him the keys is a recipe for long term mediocrity.
&gt; Does any other team have a players dad going on ESPN, doing interviews Still just you guys (AD's dad)
I'd rather keep Hayward. If he can get back to where he was pre-injury he's better than Conley.
Because of light-hearted banter in response to a shit post criticising the team?
Why? Hes a very good young talent who took a big leap this year.
&gt; A far-cry from what the title implies. How? The title says the same thing your post says except in fewer words. The title: &gt; Lakers want Anthony Davis deal done by 6th to create max cap space Your post: &gt; They're trying to do that between now and July 6th or otherwise they would have to wait until July 30th to get that max spot
Isn't that exactly what you want from a GM?
Why are you acting like trading Isaiah Thomas for Kyrie Irving is "bad shit"? It isn't like we strapped him to a rocket and fired him into the sun FFS. He went to play with LeBron on a team that was a perennial finalists and indeed made the finals again at the end of that season.
Am I crazy for thinking FVV and Siakam will? Both been with the team from the start and hit big shots to win the title. They're probably gonna stay with the team for years to come too.
You're talking like this sub is notoriously anti-LeBron
I'm really excited to see Hayward next season. Obviously it's hard to come back from such a gruesome injury and play at your old level and it's gotta be even harder when the team has title ambitions and there's so much expectations on you while you're dealing with all that other shit. Next year is a clean slate and the first proper summer and pre-season he'll have had in 2 years.
You had me at "fuck the Lakers" lol, nah but seriously I agree. We may not be better team immediately but I truly believe our long term future is better off this way.
If I was this guy I'd try and get a meeting with the Lakers and pray they fall for it. I mean the resemblance is just uncanny!
You know the Argies (and pretty much every country in the world) cheers against you too right?
The rule is atrocious though. I can see the point when the keeper is miles off the line but this case was inches.
No doubt, but that's why the rule is bollocks. A whisker off the line that probably didn't effect the outcome at all is being treated the same as keepers who are miles off their line which does effect the outcome. Literally every keeper steps forward on the penalty to gain momentum for the dive. Common sense should prevail and they should treat it on a case by case basis. And I know I'm probably coming across as salty too but it's more salt at the rule than the result. I don't care about international football and didn't even watch the game. Just seen people moaning about this and having watched the clip I can see why.
I had to google her. All I can gather is she likes to flaunt her tits a lot. Probably to compensate for absolutely garbage takes like this one.
I agree that the shoe is ugly but it'll still sell like crazy so whoever designed it kinda did their job.
I don't know man, I think a lot of the signature shoes are ugly as hell but still pull in great numbers. As far as designing it goes you just gotta put some nod to the player in question on there and you know fans will eat it up. I agree that the designers didn't do a good job in terms of the aesthetics of the shoe but I don't even know if that was ever their remit? They were probably told make a generic basketball shoe, add a little Giannis logo/number or whatever and then $$$.
It's got a little 34 on the tongue and heel. Yeah Harden's are okay. I like some Lillard's too actually.
You forgot one... &gt; FUCK THE CELTICS
First regular season game and hes just trying to be quirky with his wording for some reason.
&gt; The BBC must be doing something right because, the right hate them, unionists hate them As someone who doesn't really give much of a fuck this would surprise me, I've felt it quite noticeable that the BBC have been biased towards the Tories for a while now while also giving Farage a mental amount of air time.
That just shows you how bad his attitude and personality has been for so many people to overlook how good he is.
Has there been any inklings at all that we've even be open to trying to get Beal? I know Washington want to keep him but haven't seen anything from our side. He's a quality player and I'd be all for it but it just seems like pie in the sky.
If the contract wasn't insane then mine too. He's one of the all time great point guards and still put up good numbers last season. He can even make free throws. A rarity for some point guards these days.
Maybe Jaylen is better and more NBA proven?
You've been hysterical since the AD trade lol
&gt; I don't care what team he's on Behave. No way I want the Lakers to win anything. Couldn't stand them this year and that was with Rondo who is a far bigger Celtics legend than Al ever was.
We've been asking the same thing when it relates to Kyrie or Durant.
Oh shit, maybe the reports that he and JB hate each other are true and that's why there's rumours we may trade him to move up in the draft... But nah for real, he gone.
The other report stated that looking to trade Baynes was a mutual decision because he wants to be on a contender. If there was any chance Kyrie returns then Baynes wouldn't be looking to be traded.
Nice
I love Danny but people act like he's some kind of Dr Evil mastermind.
Bah gawd, that's Chris Paul's music
Lmao the ref is showing more enthusiasm to get forward than the other Argentina players.
&gt; I would take him just over Russ I know you're a Thunder fan but it honestly isn't even close.
Thanks for the feedback. Is building your own machine straightforward? Like I say, I'm a bit of a noob when it comes to PC's and worry that I wouldn't have a clue what I'm doing lol
The narrative that Kyrie is leaving because of the fans is bullshit. The fans have loved him since he arrived and only in the last few weeks with his ghosting crap and Brooklyn rumours have relations soured.
Thanks for the in depth reply. Will definitely look more into building my own then because like you say, everybody recommends doing that.
Please god no. Can't stand JR. He's had numerous dirty plays on Celtics players over the years.
If we pick up JR Smith in a deal I will start the riot.
Because it's easy karma
Lmao AD's dad didn't give a fuck about his son playing in Boston. That was just another part of the tactic to drive him to LA.
Have we even heard if any "contenders" came in for Baynes? If we were just looking to dump his salary then it wouldn't matter to us where we sent him so I doubt we chose to send him to Phoenix over someone else but rather that was the only choice we had. We've been hearing the same crap for years. Players will remember how we traded IT for Kyrie too. A massive upgrade at the position. What was Danny thinking? Oh, and we sent Isaiah to Cleveland to play with LeBron and a team that made the finals every year? Cold blooded...
We'd have as much of a hard time luring free agents if we were a terribly run team due to having a sentimental GM.
&gt; He does the team a courtesy by telling them he's not re-signing so get all the assets you can get a year earlier. Come on. He did everything he possibly could to dissuade every team bar the Lakers. That strengthens LA's hand, weakens NO's and puts off every other team from offering quality assets due to the fact he was unwilling to commit.
LeBron runs Klutch, AD hired and instructed Klutch to do everything they possibly could to get him to the Lakers which, would you believe it, is the team LeBron is on. Of course fans of that team are gonna be salty.
They probably wouldn't have gotten Zion if they made the trade mid season nor would the Lakers have gotten #4 if they'd picked up AD at the time. With hindsight it's clear it worked perfectly for the Pels.
He'd probably miss the signature line
We've still got our day-oners like Tatum, Brown and Smart.
My mistake, it was 2016. They'd only reached the finals the year prior.
Bold to blame the league for you guys being trash since 2011...
The hype around that Kobe, Nash, Dwight, Gasol, Metta lineup was off the charts at the time. Everyone had LA favourites for a title. Ageing or not that team was hyped to the heavens. I'd say your FO has been the biggest reason for the mediocrity. Even recent shit like letting Brook Lopez walk, trading for Muscala, surrounding LeBron with guys like Rondo and Stephenson...
Unlike the guy on IG, I'd managed to forget all about this but aye, this will be on my mind for a while now. Go round the keeper, open goal tap in... dive. Brilliant.
Is Vucevic that bad?
Based on what though? This was the first time he'd played in the playoffs excluding a 3 minute cameo with Philly back in 2011-12.
Hard to say purely because most teams never even showed an interest because of the talk from AD's camp.
https://twitter.com/KeithSmithNBA/status/1141706021209104385 The exact same source also said that it was mutual. Once it became apparent we weren't going to be title contenders then Baynes wanted to be traded to someone that was hence why I'm asking if any contenders even expressed an interest in him?
Don't forget Ujiri. Loved despite trading DeRozan. Why? Because it paid off.
&gt; And what did Ainge win after making all those things? Hence why I said Ujiri's loved because his move paid off. If the Raps failed this year he would be getting shit for trading their most loved player who'd been open about his mental health issues off the court. Go read up about Lamar Odom's trade from the Lakers before you pontificate. And serious question, can you tell me if any contenders actually came in for Baynes? It's all well and good him saying he wants to be traded to a contender but if Phoenix were the only team showing interest then what the fuck is Ainge supposed to do?
Because I made it one having been sick of your pontificating.
I'm not saying he should have, I'm saying the fact he wouldn't is why we'll never know if anyone else could've beat the LA offer. No one was willing to risk it.
Luka Booker Mitchell
No that's my 10 too. I have him at 11.
So you think Kobe is better than LeBron?
Honestly any free agent who is critical of the Celtics for trading IT for Kyrie is a fucking moron. The move clearly made the team better and that is Danny's job. I dont understand the mindset that players would be more likely to come here if our GM was incompetent due to being overly sentimental. Why would they want to play for a team that refuses to get better?
The problem is Terry thinks he has the potential to be elite. Hes a decent, serviceable PG. Nothing more, nothing less.
Who the fuck is it then?
Lmao I've always wanted to go to NYC but everyone says it literally does stink. Is it that bad or just a bit of a meme now?
I'm not a cap expert but I don't think that's how it works?
I totally get what you're saying and partially agree, all I'm saying is, the only team that really benefits here is the Lakers and given like you say it's "low reward" then teams may just say no purely to decrease the Lakers' chances of improving.
The pass from Jackson (?) in the next play is just as bad lmao
I think the pieces that get moved around in those situations are a lot better though. Wasn't it like Barnes and Bogut that were involved last time when the Warriors needed someone to do it?
Between this, likely selling Tierney and the McGregor rumours I think I might just chuck football. Probably take up croquet or something.
Nash was better.
Which part is gullible?
Ornstein reporting they're confident the sides will agree a deal is what scares me.
&gt; I mean the Lakers won all those games last year right? 73 of them! That's what is bogus. You're claiming the situation would be different because KD joined a team coming off of 73 wins while Kawhi would be joining a team that didn't even make the playoffs but the point is the team Kawhi would be joining is already totally different from last years Lakers team anyway. They've added AD since. That is the narrative that'll be set if he joins the Lakers though, you can guarantee it. "Kd joined a 73 win team and Kawhi joined a Lakers team that didn't even make the playoffs".
I do purely because of injuries to GS. You're deluded if you think LeBron, AD and Kawhi teaming up doesn't piss away any potential parity in the league. It'd be fucking unstoppable.
&gt; AMD is a better value for basically everything that isn’t gaming. Do you know if the difference is large/noticeable between i7-9700k and 2700x for gaming? I know this is a month old but I'm looking to build a gaming PC and doing as much research as possible. I'm leaning 2700x because it seems better overall but if the difference is substantial between the two then it may change things.
&gt; her attractiveness I don't think she's attractive at all.
I think it'll be Giannis but I think Harden deserves it slightly more.
What's he been saying about Kawhi so far?
Claudio 'the relegator' Ranieri
&gt; “I can’t afford to leave him off. I need the King.” Nick Wright has a vote?
The mature thing to do is the exact opposite of everything Anna did.
Don't leave the dog in that situation though. The idea that it's fine to shoot on sight a creature just trying to get by in life is really sad to me.
It doesn't make any sense. Players aren't shy in saying when they want to make their own decisions and we're at a stage now where they're applauded for it. There's no need for players to put out some bullshit excuse as to why they want to go to a certain team.
Kawhi hype is at an all time high if people are genuinely asking if he's tougher to guard than LeBron James.
That's the spirit!
I'm not mad. I just don't think we're in an era where players have to make stuff up to justify where they sign. This is by far the most empowered players have ever been.
But you said we were tanking???
&gt; So, what, you wanna wait until you know for sure that it's mauling or killing someone? We're talking about coyotes here not fucking polar bears. There's been two confirmed fatal attacks on humans. And "shooting on sight" at an animal is wholly different from shooting at it because it poses an imminent threat to someone's safety. But I'm sure you already knew that.
AD got shit from some quarters because of how he went about that choice. It's not even a comparable situation to someone like Kyrie making a free agency decision.
You know what else guarantees you aren't contending? Tanking. Especially now with how the lottery odds play out.
I didn't realise the question was "who was tougher to guard this season?". My mistake.
They'd get gassed in less than a minute after chasing Curry around the court in just one play.
They can't compete with the Instagram models of LA.
What age was Kyrie when he hit that shot in G7?
He did.
He has 100% sharted here. I need to see footage of him walking off set.
Awesome shot. What addons are you using here?
&gt; He is a fine player who has barely ever been in the playoffs. Hmm. I wonder why lol?
Can't unhear it now though lmao
Kobe is too high.
I must be one of the few that wants to keep Hayward.
&gt; I kinda feel bad about them Same and then you read how they'd prefer him to go to NY, LA or anywhere but Boston and my sympathy disappears.
Woj literally said what is quoted in the OP. Go watch the video.
This. Also gotta give a mention to Nash, CP3 and Larry Bird.
I've honestly not followed the story closely but didn't the media say you would need to trade guys away before (I think) the 6th of July? Isn't that what's just happened here?
Obviously
Thanks
You're commenting in a thread where Woj has literally said they'll pursue Kawhi... enough with the victim complex.
It'd be an entirely different looking Lakers team Kawhi joins. It's hardly the fucking meme team anymore.
Is that not a handball now with these bullshit rules?
Really though ship does make more sense. Champion**ship**.
That's actually disgusting.
Jordan playing the long con here. Wants Maura and Tom to split so he can move in on Maura.
Curtis shit stirring and twisting it again making it sound like Maura just randomly exploded for no reason.
The show will be considerably worse off if Maura goes tonight
I knew that was gonna be the twist when she started talking about only 3 couples will be safe.
I'd have thought it was 1 couple but people in here are talking like it's any 1 guy and any 1 girl.
Okay so it's definitely Arabella and Tom gone then.
Anna looks fucking terrified lmao
If they dump Arabella Danny should go through them.
The logic in dumping Arabella is she's not made much of an effort with the boys? WTF kind of effort has Anna made with any of them?
It's so pathetic. All because someone was more attracted to her than someone else.
Raptors are meeting him in LA iirc
Why don't you have a flair?
LA cleared cap space to go after Kawhi. It doesn't affect Kemba.
If they get Kawhi they're pretty much locks for the next 3 or 4 titles. Safe to say they're going to go all in on him.
I know he's a bit of a meme but I actually like this guy as a player. I wish he'd shave it all and come on home though.
If you see a flairless poster shit talking it's almost guaranteed they're a Laker fan.
LMAO wtf
The little Greece flag making a 34 is pretty clever but yeah, they're not great.
Against a seriously depleted super team. LeBron, AD and Kawhi is *by far* more dominant than the Warriors team ever could be.
Bro they could put me and you out there and still tear it up. They'll find a few ring chasers to plug the gaps. LeBron teams are always like this. 3 stars and fill the rest with guys like Battier, Korver etc.
LeBron, AD and Kawhi is way better than Curry, KD, Klay and Draymond.
&gt; One line-up has 2 MPVs Yeah. The other one has the 2nd best player of all time, the best big man in the league in his prime and a killer like Kawhi. Anyway, even if it isn't "way better", it's going to be every bit as dominant.
I think it's a certainty that he's going to the Lakers. As soon as they sit in that meeting and say "we want you to play with LeBron and Anthony Davis" he's surely sold. Unless he really doesn't care about rings...
Maura and Lucie will obviously couple up with someone and Anna is a cert too. Shes too scared of going home so she'll play the percentages. Jordan will couple up with a new girl anyway. Amy and Molly will stay with Curtis and Tommy. Amber I have no idea about. They'll obviously show her that footage of Michael kissing the other girl which may set her off even though it looked like it was only a challenge.
Yeah and those 3 on one team is unstoppable barring injuries.
Reporting that someone may go elsewhere isnt hating...
If he can get back to his previous form hes also the best player of them by a long way. I think he's worth taking a chance with.
I don't see where they say they aren't going to the Lakers? It's just that the Clippers and Knicks have the cap room for both and the Lakers don't. It's laughable that whenever a quote comes out suggesting someone is looking at other options *as well as* the Lakers, this sub and Laker fans go into meltdown with conspiracies.
You know the reports that are coming about how the Lakers are "very, very confident" of signing Kawhi? Are the Lakers paying people to report that?
&gt; laker nephews coming in strong with the downvotes lol Rightly so. You're hating if you don't think they're all averaging 30 each. Shit maybe I'm hating now, 30 seems a little low.
Klay Stay
He tweeted it because it's newsworthy. He's saying don't pay much attention to it because it's probably unlikely. They aren't mutually exclusive.
I bet in the future we get pieces coming out about how he regrets leaving Boston.
The only thing I can think of is that if one of the teams who strikes out on them then turns their attention to someone like Brogdon so it's best to get it done early while they're preoccupied.
Some insider on their sub says it's already a done deal.
Complete and utter bullshit and anyone on the team who actually has this thought process is the cancer.
Since it's *right now* the answer is obviously Rozier. He's got a couple of years experience on RJ which is a huge advantage.
The fuck has that got to do with anything? I was being a little pedantic. I wasn't implying "omggg Kyrie is washed at 27!!!". Get a grip.
CP3 Jordan Durant Garnett Duncan
He pushed him off track if we're being real
Hate this idea that we loved the battle so dont want to see stewards get involved. Tell that to Leclerc
Blatant penalty regardless of whether Max deserved to win. Charles didnt deserve to lose by being pushed off track. If they dont call this they're cowards.
It seems like Dallas are linked to every free agent every year.
CP3
The same thing the Lakers use to get stars = location. Doesn't hurt to have a good coach and front office with some nice young players but yeah... location.
Embiid is better than Jimmy.
My cold, dark, heart will not be warm until it's confirmed. This FA has been too fucking crazy for me to get my hopes up just yet.
I honestly still think Milwaukee is the team to beat in the East next year. After that when KD returns if he's still the same player then it's a gg obviously.
You're mean :(
Cap space, New York and two friends seemingly agreeing to team up.
San Francisco/Cali seems like as good a place as any to live if you're rich.
Doesn't really fit unless Klay plays the 3. Could be a valuable asset to flip later on though for a better SF.
Well duh the post I was replying to was talking about if he stays.
Still wouldn't make sense lol. I love Al but the Sixers will have got a hell of a lot worse if they lose Butler, Harris and JJ only to sign Horford.
JoJo
If his legacy can survive Terry Rozier taking the Celtics further than he could then no, he'll be fine.
This would be great. Fucks the Lakers, Raptors and Sixers all in one.
Relax. He ain't prime MJ.
Did you just misunderstand my point or something? I said that your point was a hypothetical which, because it's a hypothetical, is irrelevant. The entire time I've had van Dijk so it's not like I was against having Liverpool defenders. It was just stupid to say "if you allocate it differently" when it's literally impossible.
AD was forcing a trade to one specific team which effects what kind of haul his team can get for him because teams won't give up assets for a rental. Love, as far as I'm aware, isn't doing that.
You're acting like having Kobe just outside the top 10 is some kind of travesty lol. And it doesn't mean people don't think he's good either. Of course he was.
&gt; Embiid is head and shoulders above the rest of the team in Philly. Bradley Beal is head and shoulders above the rest of the team in Washington. So what?
Embiid is the leader of a team that has been a pretty big disappointment so far while Kemba is the leader of a team that has so far surpassed expectations. I think it's fair. It would be like Celtics fans complaining that Kyrie wasn't getting enough recognition last year.
He can say that without dragging others down though, no?
Agreed but at least Atlanta got such a good player out of it. Phoenix and Sacramento really fucked up (again) lol
&gt; Eminem’s beats are horrible. It’s a pretty good portion of the reason I don’t listen to him. I feel like if you're listening to Eminem you're listening for the lyrical content so this doesn't surprise me.
Who on earth is the co-commentator on premier sports?!
They will be 100x better
&gt; I don't put much stock in his Vietnam record, that was wartime and a brutal one at that It says he killed *civilians* lol. That's a complete psychopath committing war crimes.
I've noticed this happening a lot in sports media these days never mind this sub. It's crazy.
Trae scores way more, assists more, shoots it better, and all this on a absolutely terrible team where he's pretty much the sole focus of the opposing defence.
No because Milwaukee, the team with the current MVP, better record and that whooped your asses still exists.
Indeed but once they didn't you'd think the precedent had been set.
I know but I'm saying that specific rule is garbage. Any unintentional handball where the hand is tight against the body should be a play on imo. I just find it strange how the attacker is penalised for it but not the defender. I doubt that rule will last long. Teams in England are already unhappy with it. City got shafted with an absolute shocker against Spurs cause of it
I need the vid of them putting it back into place... r/oddlysatisfying
Yes
Harsh, fair and accurate
Lmao LeBron is the media darling wtf
Few things. In the case of linking players to the Lakers it's because they're the biggest market so generate the most clicks and buzz. With things like Dwight and the dunk contest it's probably a case of reporters hearing a rumour and running with it before verifying it because they want to be the first one to report on it.
&gt; Ben Simmons is one of the game’s most thrilling and unique players—6-foot-10 with all-world defensive ability, passing vision, and athleticism. If he does then that's a really weird way to go about it...
Blaming a member of the media for a player to refusing to shoot is a new one.
Common sense says no given he's below those guys on most peoples all time lists.
CP3 has been a better player than Russ at every point since 2008.
&gt; Also I still think Westbrook is a better player. How on earth can you watch both players and think that? Westbrook is more athletic so will give you spectacular dunks every now and then but other than that? Just no.
Having a better season doesn't make you a better player. Was Westbrook also a better player than LeBron or KD those seasons?
Because of the Celtics flair
Heartbroken.
People seem to forget that the Warriors weren't even defending champions when KD joined them. Combine that with the fact that the 2 seasons they won he was clearly FMVP and their best player. No coincidence that when he's injured they then lose in the finals...
&gt; It probably is out of the remaining ones Away to City will be 100x tougher than home to United
Go listen to La Villa Strangiato or Xanadu and your life will be better off for it! Awesome band.
It's literally cheating though. Gotta come down hard if you wanna stamp it out.
http://ssref.net/scripts/image_resize.cgi?min=200&amp;url=https://d2cwpp38twqe55.cloudfront.net/req/202001062/images/players/oubreke01.jpg Yeah, having googled him, I take it back. His hair looks amazing!
Am I not allowed to give an opinion on a hairstyle because of my skin? The fuck kinda logic is that. I have nothing against his hair because it's a natural black style, I just think it's ugly af. There's loads of guys in the league with natural black styles that look good. Olynyk is of course a goofy looking motherfucker with awful hair too but but it would've been a bit weird of me to randomly bring him up, no?
&gt; and his hair isnt even bad tf it’s literally just curls. comparing his natural hair to a literal toilet brush is way out of pocket http://ssref.net/scripts/image_resize.cgi?min=200&amp;url=https://d2cwpp38twqe55.cloudfront.net/req/202001062/images/players/oubreke01.jpg Honest question though, do you think his hairstyle looks good here?
&gt; Me either. I don’t see how people think that the referee watching the monitor on the pitch will see hugely different results to a referee watching in a room. Maybe we'll see some more correct decisions being applied as it often seems like the guys in the control room don't want to overrule their mate on the pitch. Only thing I can think of for some of the ludicrous decisions we've seen this season.
Holy shit!
Never triple captain a keeper.
KDB would be the obvious choice as there probably isn't a better striker of a dead ball anywhere in the world but if he's not good at them then surely Mahrez is the next best choice? I know that one he took at Liverpool is still in orbit but iirc wasn't he scoring a lot of pens at Leicester?
Yeah I love him too. It's kinda cool to have seen how big his projects have gotten given I was watching his videos *way* back. He grinds like hell for it though.
Honestly the fact they missed that travel is astounding. I have sympathy for them when it's really tight decisions that they have to make in real time but stuff like that is so blatant.
Unless I'm missing stuff when I watch it then it's a big no from me. Malice had guys jumping into the stands and landing haymakers on innocent fans.
That's just people fishing for upvotes imo. It's an easy karma grab.
&gt; So for tacko it's fan support but for Caruso it's up votes. Right. I'm not talking about the all star voting, I meant the comments in threads you were referring to. Caruso is one of the biggest memes on this sub. Tacko isn't really at that level.
This hill is way steeper than the pic makes it look too. I drove up it a few days ago and halfway wondered if my old car was making it lol
See I'm the opposite, I'd prefer to have had a game in hand to go top than be a sitting duck so to speak. Realistically you'll win that game in hand at a canter anyway so there should never be any pressure.
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK OMG
I'm so fucking sad right now. This is the most devastating celebrity news I've ever seen. Just so out of left field and he was still so young. Such an iconic figure. Fuck man, so, so gutted.
I'm fully expecting them to hike up the price of his jerseys in the neighbourhood
People are just being contrary assholes for no reason. I can't believe I'm even reading some of the shit in this thread.
Other than bias, why is Lowry a lock but Tatum isn't considering their individual stats?
Doesn't matter, he'd still be top 5 all time in points.
Because Raptors fans. I don't even care about the Tatum thing any more. He's now arguing for Lowry over Beal... like Lowry would be doing much better on that Wizards team or like there isn't a guy from the Hawks in the fucking starting 5.
The "once in a generation" argument should've been thrown in the bin the moment Brexit was passed. Why? Because the No campaign/UK government explicitly stated in the build up to the last independence referendum that the ONLY WAY to GUARANTEE EU membership was to vote No. That was clearly a big fucking lie and who knows how many people that swayed? When you lie to sway voters, I don't think you can then turn around and say "you promised it was a one off vote!".
I wasn't wondering what you voted last time. It was fairly obvious as soon as I started reading your comment tbh.
I don't see any issue with people cheering for either side. If people are educated enough and passionate enough on the subject then more power to them.
I think it's an obvious move anyway even if Tammy is 100%. I'm in the same boat as you and will be making the switch.
That's because at no point since then has there been an opportunity to (a referendum). There's been numerous elections though and lo and behold Scotland returns a SNP majority each time. Scotland voiced its view in 2014, correct, but since then Scotland has since been taken out of the EU despite voting to stay (something we were told wouldn't happen if we voted No). Let's not act like circumstances haven't changed in the last 6 years...
&gt; Of seats, not votes. Your point? They still had *way* more votes than any other single party in Scotland but if you want to tally up the votes of numerous parties against the votes of one single party then go ahead. Doesn't change anything in regards to which of the parties Scotland returns most MP's from. &gt; So did London. If only London was a country with it's own devolved parliament... Ultimately though I don't really care. No will obviously win again in the event of another referendum. I just can't be arsed with people who want to act like any change in circumstance should be ignored because it should be a once in a generation vote. It's so daft.
And on top of all that it's simply not fair on the animal either. Just let it be.
Lol prime Bird is way better than Giannis man
No it isn't. Bird is a top 10 all time player so tell me how the fuck a prime version of him is inferior to Giannis?
&gt; I thought they nailed the eastern conference all stars correctly Hard to say that when they left Beal out imo. Literally the only knock against him is his team's record which is unfair because it has nothing to do with him and there's players starting in the game whose team have an even worse record than Beal's.
An awful lot of what you think portrays her as suspicious can simply be explained away as a hysterical, grieving parent. You're assuming the girl was alive when the killer was potentially interrupted before they could sexually assault her but what if she was already dead by this point? Sure would be easier from the killers perspective to kill her first in that case.
Which is stupid when we can see it was so clearly over the line. Need to change that rule asap.
Fat cunt.
It's Sky that are doing it but yeah its awful.
What sweat mod did you use?
Costa realises we can see and now also *hear* them, right? Literally no touch and he's screaming in pain and rolling around. Wow.
The players aren't good enough, I agree, a clear out is needed. But the manager isn't either. And the board can fuck off too.
