He had CIA terror squads all over the world. When Carter fired 2800 of them and Bush. Bush and his cronies engineered the Iran Hostage Crisis to win the election. Then he rewarded Iran by selling them arms. Took the Iranian money in order to keep funding the Contras, after Congress denied them any more US aid. Got Ollie North to take all the heat.
http://www.statecraft.org/chapter13.html
Thought that was called Social Security.
Time for a traditional sourceless attack on whatever people are enjoying. Just put your sources at the beginning, if you have any. No sense in drawing it out.
While you are raising the defend bush flag. Why don't you explain why our ships were fucking around with Iran? Especially while our intelligence agencies were selling them arms?
Looks like the spot I would love to turn into during a long plane or train trip.
The people getting bombed don't really care about the political beliefs of our officials.
A week and that is all you got?
The chess metaphor is a little too much credit. But the negative press doesn't really seem to hurt him.
You mean lowered the bar?
But Bush remained a player for his entire life. Even when Carter and Congress tried to shut down some of his worse CIA ops, they just kept on going.
Probably a hospital.
We sort of do for some parts. Called a core charge. But it would be easier to just do it for the whole car. Then the manufacturer would be responsible for recycling the entire vehicle. But we mostly have cars managed, I would be more interested in retail packaging.
It will keep the city center air much nicer and it will fight congestion as the majority of vehicles are now banned. I suspect when electric cars finally catch on, they will elect to limit the number of vehicles that can enter the city.
Philippines needs to legalize.
Not really sure what the driving scene is in Madrid, but most low income families in big cities here don't drive much, if there are alternate means of transport. A quick look makes Madrid out to be a paragon of public transport. I am sure it won't be long before people just park on the outskirts and take public for the last few miles.
Hell, you can get the army to come and take out your competitors.
&gt;All petrol vehicles registered before 2000 and diesel ones registered before 2006 will be banned from the area, unless they are used by residents of the area or meet other exemptions.
The people who live there can keep their cars. No one is banned.
RTA
Besides these services are connected to the few resources that are available.
Mod, please ban this bot.
Be pretty funny to do a short splice just to mess with people.
https://panopticlick.eff.org/
They still haven't paid for the Exxon Valdez spill. You think we should give them nuclear.
How much is a reactor worth?
I don't think she is too thrilled about dying and then to come back and find your dog gone must be hard.
Also importsnt to realize that the little boxes of issues that have been packaged liberal and conservative are completely arbitrary. Government financial policy has little to do with gun rights, abortion and welfare, immigration and healthcare. Most people don't have homogeneous beliefs as presented by the corporate political parties and the msm. If you don't approach them as a member of an opposing team, there is quite a bit of common ground to be found and it isn't required for people to all agree to every issue.
Could, it absolutely would be.
Trust me there is an ad made just for you.
I find your lack of imagination disturbing. The worst accidents don't happen far out at sea, they happen in the crowded shipping lanes near land and we have trouble even getting the bunker oil pumped out. You think we could save a nuclear reactor from being broken on the rocks during a storm? Commercial maritime shipping is full of bad actors and the petroleum companies are particularly callous and irresponsible.
Needs more pics.
air bag in the seat seems most effective.
Foreign policy, domestic we still use gas and clubs.
You're not alone. Watching France now.
There is plenty of proof of reddit being gamed by marketers. If you need concrete proof for every separate instance, that is really on you. Can you prove that Disney does not have a significant presence on reddit?
It's part of the game. Some say making it obvious and unopposed means there is a kind of consent.
So you have issues with the demands. As far as rent control, I think it is too little. When your housing supply is also a place for large capital to park their money and gain a return, such as most of the large cities in Europe, then your going to have to change something fundamental to the ownership of property in order to make a real difference.
It is a weakness. Everyone has weaknesses, you need to be aware of them toake good decisions.
I hear this all the time, but I suggest you go examine some areas with little land use regulation and compare them with those that have it. I'm talking cities, What is needed is intelligent planning. Anyway, your whole theory is backwards, a highrise is way more valuable than a suburban lot, values actually go up.
Those are my two, but I might try a few of the suggestions here.
Pre-twist em long, cut off the end, now your copper is perfectly even for the nut. There is only one direction to twist, If it is a particularly tight box, I tape em too.
Go to Google. Type social media marketing job. Sift.
Why not just cap the pipe or put a half spray head on it.
Nothing burger, just let the phrase die.
There were 50k growers in Oregon before legalization. Now the are less than 2000.
Medical cards pre legalization compared to producer permits and med cards now. I just looked up the numbers again and it isn't as drastic as I thought. I am going to have to put some time into a better analysis.
Meanwhile our old government sold them actual weapons and no one was held accountable.
Yup, it was the Iran/Contra affair. Iran has been under sanction since they kicked out the Shah.
Sure.
The main vape makers are already adding their own flavors and mixing them with other stuff. So probably next week for the others.
Farmwd fish lose many of those benefits.
Go find one then.
Ashland required anyone in the city limits with a certain size lot to create a second domicile.
Population has been a steady 12k+ per year. Could we really build enough to drop prices?
Udamvp
I see the current culture of elimination of all symbols of the Confederacy as a way to stamp it out and change it to anger at other citizens rather than a disliked of the central government.
Awesome for working, bad for gas
That is one portion of the form for your new concrete cistern.
I always thought those were more hired mercenaries.
It is inevitable. Those bonds had to be tested at least once. Should states be allowed to secede?
It's not exactly useless, but I already miss the old days of internet.
It depends if it can be moved. Maybe there is a whole mother ship or portal buried under there.
Nafta was a terrible case of moving factories a mile out of the border to take advantage of more lax Mexican regulations and then shipping the stuff back again. His Iraq policy was responsible for killing 200k kids and they thought it was worth it. Mostly he took responsibility for the tech boom, even though it had very little to do with anything he did.
Those services aren't super effective even with housing. A significant part of the homeless population is not capable of managing a household and would require some sort of managed situation.
We would lose the bus wars.
This is the internet now.
People are the same most places. What you find is up to you.
Buskers are fine by me.
He had some good patrons as did his wife.
We can't build a home for every single homeless person that drags their ass to Eugene.
I still wouldn't miss it.
They should be doing something productive. Maybe a day shelter with services and a meal.
It has to be national. One city or even state can't manage a national problem and trying to do it alone will just make our own problems worse.
If your going to commit mass murder you don't want to leave a bunch of evidence.
Salt Lake City has a druggie homeless camp set up across the street from the police station. They made a dent, but it seems they still have issues. I am skeptical about LA as they had to declare a state of emergency to receive state funding recently.
Most street kids don't bother me much. The ones that really bug me are the methed out thieves, drunks and druggies who spend the entire day begging and the campers who trash every spot they squat.
It is critical to remember that none of the solutions came from the political class, but was forced upon them.
So who designed them then? Nazi's were the snazziest dressed army in the modern era.
I did, there were a bunch of designers. Maybe it was just a tradition coming from the Kaiser that made the army look so tight.
I need part 2 when the driver comes out. I know someone has it.
Username checks out?
Were you not impressed by his agility.
Sushi burritos are just a handroll with a new name. They don't cost that much really.
So we are seeing it's dirty butthole. I like the outside.
If someone did that for old yogurt and salsa lids, I would be so happy.
The election, including primaries, cost 2.4 billion.
I have only read a little about how it seems to be doing alright.
And Horatio Hornblower was pro british propaganda. (That I greatly enjoy) What is really interesting is which media is propaganda now..
They leave a few legit reps. They are just marginalized. Like kucinich and defazio.
When your Allan Greenspan you can ride your own waves.
I don't think so.
&gt;It would be a much better situation if our own government wasn’t being corrupt and hypocritical. It would effectively make us immune to any sort of undue influence from anyone. Which is exactly why it will never be fixed.
Highway 99 is Oregon's version of route 66.
Average construction price for an office building in Portland is $200/sq ft. That puts an average office building of the same size at 60 mil. County building will beat that average by 4 times. Public buildings seem like swindle. Also you need a better vendor list.
The funny thing is watching npr and maddow attack the move while fox is supporting a troop withdrawal. It's like some sort of bizarro world.
There isn't?
fake room porn. That couch looks cold and then when you warm it up, you can't get out because the floor is freezing from the drafty window.
Oh yeah, that would happen more than once
Businesses don't care about externalized costs unless someone makes them. A deposit or some sort of cradle to grave manufacturer responsibility would alleviate most of our waste problems.
There is more plastic on the bottom of the ocean than the top.
I guess it really depends on the area and how you quantify the danger. It is easy to see a six pack holder strangling an animal, but no one knows what phylates leaching into marine animals is going to do.
Lots of attention gets them to post more pics. Kind of like clapping. Can you imagine the sub if no one commented and there were only upvotes?
Syria will not have problems with ISIS. They wouldn't have the first time if the US hadn't supplied and protected anti gov forces in Syria.
You don't know what it would be like without the propaganda
Perhaps you don't realize your tone. Do you need some sort of validation that you are better than them?
They out a new buttonin for pics, but I wish I could nuke the stickers anyway.
I am all for it. You can mod if you want.
Like rain on your wedding day
You mean we raped Syria and the country should be forced to marry us?
I just created it because I wanted to be able to refer to it in conversation.
That sentence was a bit worrying until the last word.
The threat of death and forced participation in the killing of your peers is part of the process.
Financially, but he sure folded like a wet noodle when it came to election rigging. Until that is fixed, the elections will all be fixed.
His lack of challenge in Ohio was the last straw.
And then some.
Your comment really fleshes the diagram out. Going to go read some Norton now.
Nothing wrong with it. Marriage is mainly a business contract.
Shopping outside their budget.
Either we deal with it legally or we deal with outside the law. If so.eone got with your girl I am sure you would want to take some action.
All contracts are about compensation. Money is almost always the compensation.
Laws aren't made for one guy, they are made for bunches of guys and people die from that sort of shit all the time.
Divorce or seperation are always an option. If a guy is sneaking around with someone they know is married, why should we defend him? He deserves what he gets.
We treat our own citizens better, but after helping Saddam gas his citizens and training Pinochet's soldiers to efficiently murder dissidents, I think you are overly optimistic.
living in the third world, all the big guys must just look like a giant mafia.
Bah, what else are we going to do.
This is just because we are a larger market with associated allies. If China opens their markets, while the other markets they are investing in develop, it could well go the other way.
I don't doubt it, but it sure doesn't get much play on our media.
No because you are disputing a pretty settled science without stating any rational for it. If you were going to actually criticize the weakness it would be whether this analysis is effective in this particular case.
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/228660396_Active_Thermitic_Material_Discovered_in_Dust_from_the_911_World_Trade_Center_Catastrophe
At least he did do some decent stuff too. Even the ones I liked didn't get much done.
I guess that works if you rotate between them. Sucks when you're working and your battery dies.
Shut up Google and apple.
Who killed more the US or Saddam? Then go and look at who put Saddam in power.
Only one of those countries is toppling somewhat stable governments and replacing them with half assed puppets that can be bullied by Al qeda.
Construction all day long. Opposite is true as well.
What is left to do, that we haven't done in the last decade
I tried to avoid Google and it was pretty damn inconvenient. Facebook is easier to avoid.
Vaginas don't have fur anymore. Your out of date.
Your whole notion of normal behavior and attitudes is subconsciously created of an amalgam of things you have seen and heard. If a significant portion is artificially constructed, that leaves much of your perceived reality as a fantasy football someone else's making.
It will when the car going the opposite way stops in front of you. See you at /r/idiotsincars
It would be an improvement for countries to require their imports to be produced with similair worker and environmental laws as their own.
Didn't it go critical? Have they recovered the fuel? And aren't they still cooking it with seawater that they are dumping in the sea?
Our economic system is an arbrtrary game in the end. Our attachment to it and our lack of imagination about alternatives may doom our species.
The fact that we can place high value on things that are not only unnecessary but threaten the future survival of our society and perhaps our species, suggests we may need to rethink the entire concept. At the very least it is missing some key variables.
I was agreeing with you, I think.
I appreciate you sharing your perspective. But if some dumbass is leaving his drugs in the bushes, then he can fuck right off. If he wants to throw down because someone cleaned up his mess, I have no pity for him.
No matter what hat we wear, we still all bleed red. I'm old and 14 year olds still get it.
Get stressed, turn to your chosen coping mechanism.
No, pens either just die or wander away when they are mature.
That company has some fundmental flaws deep in their culture. Between the African formula, the privatization of water rights and slavery in their cocoa production. If it wasn't for their influence in the governments there would be executions.
The real shame is that guys do have many options, but everyone dresses the same anyway.
You don't really think you fucked up, you're just bragging. Good story anyway.
Been to the them all, but the first spot was my favorite.
Because they aren't giving out licenses anymore having one is a pretty good investement. I heard there were 1100 of them bought by some hedge fund as a place to park money.
Most of these companies have been cutting their meat with fillers for a while. This is just the next step. Now we need someone to scale some whole protein algae.
Your wire doesn't even have armor
Let the corporation determine what information you can access. There is no way that cam go wrong. Don't give me corporate rights. They already have too many rights and no real accountability.
That argument misses the point that it is a false dichotomy. They are something different and we need to regulate them in a new way. Content neutrality should be part of the basics of the internet.
It was only when I was grinding repaired brass or bronze propellers using the back of the disc.
Alaska is savage. Not really a good example.
It can still get you. Just like the ocean. Happens all the time.
We still have offensive jokes but they cam only be about unprotected classes.
Double experience for turning off ad blocker, means I spent two minutes waiting to immediately die and watch more ads.
I understand you gotta pay the bills.
Do you have any more details on this breakthrough? How many years until we see it?
They plan on running it like a business that has significant extractable value. Kind of like Sears and Toys are Us.
I think you need to go into this deeper.
Nice way to dodge deep thoughts.
I think all these labels are simplistic and misleading. GMO is has potential benefits and potential faults. As do most things.
I didn't realize another one had came out. Out of spite, out of mind. The vexed generation sounds like it has potential.
This has already been tried before and it was ineffective.
This has been tried before and it was found ineffective. That doesn't stop politicians from trying to use it to garner votes. Pedophiles are an out group that everyone hates, so they can tod whatever they want. https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/lifestyle/wellness/1992/03/17/does-castration-stop-sex-crimes/34bf63ee-840c-41e4-9c5f-5ac1bcf95b15/?noredirect=on&amp;utm_term=.e8f72d9acd52
Municipal fiber, A place at the edge of town that we can evict all the homeless camps to. Late night eats More street trees A skydive park? A 20 story apartment tower with underground parking.
Some pits just have too many people diving in.
The hilton had a prime rib that made it to the front page of reddit. The Davis, the Electric station, North Bank.
In which case, we need wider bike lanes for efficient traffic flow to induce demand.
It is really just downtown from what I hear.
NTA. I don't even get the point of bringing fast food home. Best time to eat it is when it is fresh.
Did you actually just open it to change the filter or did you change the filter while you in there for something else breaking?
Tiger sized would do it.
I like the water bottle addition. That is a good idea.
It could be abandoned if you pretend real hard. I am willing to for the pic.
I think it is mostly my computer. But look forward to trying it.
I would hesitate to block anything but the green and orange. It is possible it could stop the system from circulating properly.
This one of those places where human life is cheap. Escalators are scary when they fail. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQeEYLdjrM0
Still true. But glad to know I can give away free weed if I want. In this case, since they are charging, they can't give it away.
Twas the big joke as brought to you by the media themselves.
Go learn to meditate.
Shame, sounds like the class could benefit you.
Now we get you stoned and turn up the music and we can't hear you at all. Isn't it peaceful.
Do you think the tax will change that. They aren't using the money to clean it up and the addicts will pay whatever they need to. Tax it high enough and cigarette smuggling will grow.
Operation paperclip was a limited hang out. There were lots of Nazis who came to the US that the public were not aware of, as they were hidden. not just scientists but evil men responsible for german intelligence.
CIA had there own secret operations to bring Nazis in. We went so all out recruiting the Nazi intelligence network that we grabbed Russian spies too.
This would have been a really good video.
It looks like they just handed the keys to the empire to us after the war. What was left of it after the war.
I really like this theme. I would drink pints in Frankenstein castle for sure.
Nothing like keeping all your eggs in one basket.
Unless you wear a full face helmet, I am not sure it would have helped.
This quote was lambasted in the previous thread. American airlines was adjusting their sub par salaries to match other airlines, as they were unable to retain staff. There was really no other choice for them. That analyst is an idiot spouting irrelevant truisms about situations they were ignorant of.
No u.
They got rid of it. I liked it, but I guess I didn't buy enough.
Under attack by a faction of the deep state intelligence community. He has his own factions now that he decided to play ball.
Yeah, I do tshirts all the time with tig, but always dark colors. I bet your right about that color and sweat.
Oh, I liked those guys. Saw 'em at the the Ash Street.
One can only hope.
You don't need to throw out the whole subdivision concept. You just have to integrate the other functions of life. It is fine for kids to ride their bikes to the empty lot and play, but as an adult it sucks when a car brackets your every activity. Especially the ones that involve food and drink.
Thriller. Bought it at toys r us. It was at the checkout counter.
We used to use regular rod, but bend it at a right angle. This seems a lot less wasteful.
Who needs worry, when you can just jump off your bike and land on your feet?
It is either that or the past is terrible and we are moving into the future. Which the communists and other revolutionaries have used. Sometimes they use both.
Not really enough context to make a judgement really.
That wouldn't have made the news.
There may be two or three with strong ideals. But the rest will vote the way that pays and doesn't prevent them from getting re-elected.
I can hike all day, but please don't put me behind a counter.
Our war mongering, robot murdering and economic imperialism is not going to be remembered fondly. Sure people in the US aren't overtly racist, but our policies still overwhelmingly stomp on brown people the world over.
So you think I work on a crane? And they don't necessarily.
Is there a sub where we can all hate him?
Back to school with you kid. Ignorance and certainty often go hand in hand, but they aren't good company.
You would just keep the cash anyway.
Still use it for nuclear power.
&gt;It's barely even happened in markets that COULD be locked down and would have been prime targets for this kind of idea (such as computer hardware, game consoles, cars or smartphones, That is what happened to all electronics. It is inherent in the system that the hardware will eventually get out of date.
Locking down the capital? You would not want to have pictures of that on the news. Politically it is a non-starter.
Why ever not? This has been going on for decades. A quick search would enlighten you. Start here. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organ_harvesting_from_Falun_Gong_practitioners_in_China#Organ_transplant_wait_times
Except for the one who was killed and the half of the rest being FBI.
We are being tracked the same and marketed to. But there is still significant anonymous interaction, your feeds are self chosen and it is still a good place to share knowledge, provided the knowledge does not threaten anyone with money.
True. But I would expand upon that to say that is the entire internet.
Antagonist? Who is the protagonist?
Machine is so simple there isn't too much to break.
La de da. The young master is not impressed.
I would put him further. Even Reagan didn't shower the banks with tax payer money at that scale or make a law that we had to pay insurance companies
Biden is a company man. If he gains power I expect necon foreign policy to gain full speed and domestically a few of the cronies may change .
If Joe comes out on top Trump will trounce him.
Perot got a drubbing too.
I built all sorts of stuff with one. The part that really gets me is the 20% duty cycle.
Op is not a reliable narrator. He was using Reddit to try to fix his story.
Go ahead and tell all the girls you know. I am sure it will be a boon to your friendships.
Snooping his friends comp and then hiding what he found?
Truth is everyone has a bias to show themselves in a good light.
It is amazing what those can filter out. I used one to crawl into an attic. It wasn't until I popped it off for a second that I realized how bad the attic smelled.
Probably pull some unknown metal splinters out.
I think the liquid inside started pouring out after he kicked it.
Yeah, she seems to be like one of those people at work that got hired after you and then promoted and then you just wonder why, since she is just a mess and not even smart enough to know it.
Fuzziness gives flexibility. That doesn't seem enough to run the entire ship.
So once you see someone naked, they can no longer be platonic? Nudity taboo makes people retarded.
If you can't answer the question then just admit your ignorance or stay silent. Insulting someone for asking is just doubling down on stupidity.
I thought they were the one asking for camps.
Your idea is really the only way i can think of housing them, protecting our neighborhoods and not attracting more than we can deal with.
Or some burnt toast
They aren't selling it. They are just talking about it. Besides it has some good culture. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_A4XJalsE0
We care about our own people a bit. But the civilian casualties are far larger and those are the people we need if there will ever be peace.
As for voting, I have never really had an anti-war presidential candidate to vote for.
Harper wasn't much better.
The nations may not benefit as a whole, but certain powerful interests do. Such as Enron. They managed to get to rebuild Iraqi infrastructure twice and made a mint in logistics for the US military.
I don't think so. Looks like one stitch was too hot for the conditions. Possibly too large a gap.
Yta. If someone has a preferred name..just call em by that. It's nothing to you.
Really? He had issues but I don't remember him being toxic.
Nah, modern electrical is plastic and copper. The copper might last a while, but I don't think the plastic insulation will last even as long as the old fish scale stuff. Also your house has a deeper issue than the plaster. Deal with that and thepaster will stop cracking.
Russia can't hurt bernie. Clinton was her own worst enemy and it was easy to use it against her.
Firstly they would like to remain in control and their children after them. Secondly they would like to win against similar groups. After that it could be interdimensional parasites, owl cults or our systems of corporations and government's have become autonamous and are running amok.
Probably not.
That is what I heard too. Then there were absolutely no consequences. Differing from submitted plans is pretty clear cut enforcement. I don't buy being afraid of litigation.
You can idle that baby all day with the garage door closed.
Lucky bloke gets a roof?!
don't worry bot, your job is secure.
https://www.reddit.com/r/SubSimulatorGPT2/
The whole sub is bots. One mainly talks to itself. There are a couple subs where they work on building better ones and there is a /r/botwatch for keeping track of them.
Saw a 4x4 truck with a couch in the back pull someone over in Seattle.
I hope the rice grows well and doesn't displace too much of the indigenous varieties.
No one that made it into history started it. It goes right back to ancient myths. Jordan just popularized it for a certain time. You are right. I respect the series, but I haven't ever been able to get into it. I have tried 3 times. But it obviously really works for some people, so I don't knock it.
Those are some good words. I will be sure to use them.
The CyberTruck was designed to meet *realistic engineering goals, and Design for Manufacturability (DFA).
Too much this. Was listening to another crew talk while they rolled up hoses. And jokes were made. There was a girl on the crew and at first I thought the hose pulling jokes were inappropriate and then I realized these same jokes would be made regardless of gender or sexual orientation.
Fucking Ryobi never breaks. Just keeps getting more run down.
Government already routinely freezes assets, garnishes wages etc. The only thing you are debating are the reasons for doing so. Just keep in mind you are defending am entity that infiltrates and manipulatess resistance movements, suborns mentally ill to do terror attacks and openly executed their own citizen without a trial. Do you honestly think they won't find reasons to freeze bank accounts or that this power will not be abused or used by mistake?
Awesome explanation. I like this method of design. Since Tesla is mostly doing their own service, I hope the engineers also worked to make repair easy. Something sadly neglected in most current autos.
My buddy works for the post office. There is no comparison. He has retirement, good benefits and the pay is great. Your counter example is Amazon? They are the poster child from r poor worker treatment.
Shouldn't be able to say it unless the lights get to stay on.
Used to. After a while it gets lonely and them one day you look around and realize that they locked you in the building and everyone went home.
Yeah, how am I a Boomer, snowflake?
Building is collapsing,.let's just leave the power on.
Oh good. And she started out at as tagii?
Now ask yourself where they dump their sewage?
Thanks much for the review. It is hard to keep up. That is such an awesome character arc. I don't think anyone else has done something like this before.
Confirmed. Having a bad time. Just can't get to sleep at 8.
That Reddit hates everything including things I like and I still click on these Reddit hates posts
Thanks. That was a good refresher
Did someone leave the door open?
Must be a little breezy in your neck of the woods
Weak story, lame characters.
Yup, they seem kind of mean and scared if people.
People who bring their Bluetooth speaker camping are the devil. I did not drive out into the woods to listen to that shit. Even worse are the people who wake in theorning and decide to balst heir car radio.
True, but there are shoe resistant roaches and it really bothers me.
If your not a dumbass they are awesome. Scrape your plate into the compost and then rinse it in the sink and drop it into the dishwasher. Don't worry about a little strainer. The only downside is if you have to retrieve silverware that fell in. Of course bunches of people misuse them and clog their sink drain, but these same people would clog their sink anyway.
Lack of self love or whatever you want to call it is pretty toxic in those relationships and often ends them and leads people to stay in toxic relationships. However I agree with you that it is not sufficient on its own to counter loneliness for most people.
The more stubborn, the more pissed I get, the worse my swing gets. Then I get a bigger hammer, then I push it with the fork lift.
Also Hugo Chavez. All things considered. Castro's security must have been next level.
Don't forget that Carter pulled the CIA out of it and the Israelis kept it going with the same personel until Regan came to power and bush senior reinstated it all. The only kick up was the Israelis had to supply the arms since the us couldn't for that period.
Can't have a false dichotomy with only one side
I have to be really frustrated before I want that much attention.
Water or wind powered elevator. Very safe.
No one should work with Star Wars until Disney gets the fuck out of it. Disney already tried to take your advice. Besides they killed star trek for people like you.
Why is it acidic?
Clean, well run, nuclear power is like true communism. It seems only the military can do it right. And not during wartime.
I have had my window broken so they could steal my busted stereo.
Full tyvek suit with booties and a hood. Think I will add a full face painting mask after this.
The reinforcement is what makes it split there. Buy the ones without it.
Is there something wrong with dry fitting first? That is how I have always done it.
Next level power washing. Inspired.
Didn't know a few of those were covers.
Can't remove the drawers? Unlike every other drawer manufacturer for the last 100 years. String em up.
It is so they can store make up. Why do you think it is called a vanity. Make up came first, the sink is more recent.
I appreciate you for this. But you don't need to cut the vanity in half to remove the shelf.
Sure. I have only seen it listed that way at the local community college.
They sell something like that at home Depot in the paint section.
Love to check it out. They usually last me two or three crawls.
It all depends on what kind of hole.
I had adopted a local bum at my shop, he got hit in the face by another transient with a baseball bat. The cops did not come for 4 hours. I don't think they are going to give a shit if some tweaker gets beat. Nor do I think that it will go to court.
The republic, who was never even introduced? They could have left that part out and it would have made no difference.
The entire population of the Galaxy kind of forgot you could hyperdrive into things.
Giving JJ star wars is like giving a 3 year old my 4700 piece Lego star destroyer to play with.
And the people who lived are shit.
It is a trend to let hack's who have no appreciation or much understanding of a property to pump out rubbish.
The only character they really did right by was Vader. I like the mandalorian. I hope they can keep it up.
I will hit the ice and snow. Just go slower. Put out my feet and have 4 points of contact and can just slide to a stop.
Installs like Legos. Actually a little disturbed the first time I used it.
That is the thing that has always tripped me out. You short to ground and it doesn't need to go to the panel at all. It just goes into the dirt.
I'll go get the skyhooks
If you have gaps under your counter it isn't installed yet.
It sounds awesome. How exactly did you do it? Haven't seen any hard hat transducers around.
Government doesn't want to be seen now because regulatory capture is pretty much complete for any department with influence.
They don't care where your license is.they just want to sell. I dont think they ever checked mine.
That punch seems like a set up to get his head down. If he hadn't duck d into the knee, I wonder what Connor's plan was. Flying knee to the chest?
Hope you get paid for transit.
Room, tarmac, road, parking lot ,whatever
Good to hear. Wish I could say the same, but I am independent.
The thing that really kills me in this debate is the number of people who see an exit only lane and decide they should charge up it, block the exit while they try to merge before they get shunted. Exit only is not a merge. I have some sympathy for merely confused but the beamers who do it habitually can rot in hell.
Love all the nice helmets around but can't justify the expense when the one I have still works fine.
So bidens brother is not associated with these companies?
Really shouldn't use ad hominem attacks a method to make up your mind.
Very convincing.
Sarcasm is lost on me unless explicitly stated.
The planet is probably not the best place to look.
Don't need the time traveling part. You can't get into college football without a lifetime of work. There are far fewer people in Congress.
No. This time will be different and the tech and management have learned from past mistakes.
I was thinking how a little rain would change everything in the pic.
Sounds like he uses acetylene.
Actually I would probably agree with you, if you weren't wishing death upon people. Perhaps you are the grump?
Because deplatforming is bullshit. Put the ideas out there and let the best ones win.
transphobic? Because he thinks that trans people who are in sports shouldn't compete in the women's division?
First I heard of it
I saw the article and tried to look for other sources. The city doesn't really have very good maps and the newspaper doesn't seem to have one that will blow up. Not sure whey they felt the need to make it a controversy. Stupid paper.
Mostly for the unwary from my observations.
I read it.....
Yeah, didn't help they opened to to other malls in town at the same time.
Should do an outside show though.
your mom went to college.
Same two malls that are dying right now.
Don't just vote against him. Here is the roll call vote from the house that passed it. If your guy is on there, then do your best to get him out. http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2017/roll098.xml
My dad instilled in me the belief early on that you should never loan anything to someone unless you can handle them destroying it.
Why can he sell lead pills? Sandy Hook went to court paid out and stopped talking about it. Seems to work fine
Can't imagine how uncomfortable that would be. The pants have changed a lot since then.
Cool concept. Would love to see how it works.
I like the actual working part.
Mostly it just tickles. But if you did it just right with a faulty breaker.
Perhaps.it would. But it is also unnecessary when they can go the western route and just slowly whittle it down by taking the leaders, infiltrating the groups and wearing them down. Hard to keep a critical mass.goimg forever in that environment.
I get you, but china has had a shit reputation forever. Before Nixon they were pariah and when they took over tibet there was global outrage. We have known about them incarcerating falun gung since they first started. But if you look at the long game, they can just weather it and rely on our short memories to forget in 10 years. I really think they have just levelled up their social control. Enough that Britain will probably follow along in the next decade.
A lot of those guys buy a cheap saw for each job. That way they can leave it on site and not risk the good stuff.
Right. It's not free energy, just taking advantage of heat gradients. Same with heat pumps. Although there are parents for electric producing heat pumps I have never seen a working model.
You have no idea. What have you done?
Tea party had billionaire backers with a agenda to begin with.
&gt; As long as people believe that they need permission from politicians in order to be free, we're fucked. Going out there and destroying things without a plan and clear demands is pretty much the same thing.
It is not that I don't have a problem with it. It is that the actions of one Looney over the course of a couple weeks is just am individual. Even if you count it 30 times.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/ncna607121 The police arrested the guy. What more would you like them to have done. People cared then and they care now.
I would just like you to consider that you were not even aware of the crime or the outcome until I told you. Some of the people affected are friends of mine. Just because someone doesn't agree with your tactics does not mean they are an enemy.
I haven't met anyone who I would trust to rebuild it if we busted it up. Has there been any successful modern revolutions?
They want the divide. Herded towards internal division because true change would require unity.
Your off your rocker if you think the media has been reliable. Media outlets are used to further the agenda since you used to have to pay the town crier. And kleptocracy is just more obvious under Trump..who was in Obama s cabinet? Who conned the bullshit trickle down economics? Who received a salary from halliburton while helping them get billion dollar contracts.
Family. Otherwise I would have been out of here during bush Jr.
Reddit is your private army, dox away as long as it pushes the proper message.
Israel protest training is pretty terrible.
I have heard it said that the IQ if a mob is the highest IQ person in the mob divided by the number of people in the mob.
I am rather hoping she gets hit with a planet. Proselytizing is not leading. Next thing she is going to talk about how there is no I in team.
Same as always self sufficiency, voluntary association and hyper local resilient communities.
Don't have to ban it when you can fill it with shitposts and retarded bots. Conspiracies are part of the current political strategy.
Just taking away cash won't do anything. Those resources need to be utilized better. I am really more interested in restructuring the police and changing their focus.
She loves chewing out AI's but if she were allowed to lead, everyone would die while she was waxing poetic. I actually like the psycho, pirate kitty better. Went back and reread it. Let's put her brain in a maraca.
Trading drugs for sex with minors, beating his wife, running a bicyclist off the road 'accidently', raping a chicken, saying black sabbath was better without Ozzie.
No, cognitive dissonance is the uncomfortable feeling you get from it and leads to rationalizations to try and limit it.
Space whales and muppets were cool, but I never watched it from end to end.
So the proud boys giving the death stare and making racial slurs to random poc of color at the local grocery store don't deserve to be harassed? Because there is nothing illegal about staring at people or saying mean things to them. And if the cops harass them, they should be fired.
So how are you going deal with it?
My dog has that virtue down. Hard to recognize it from the wrong side.
Cops aren't allowed to harass these guys. They are big and belligerent and harassing the people you are trying to protect. They may be the same guys who beat that kid last week, but you weren't there and don't know. Are you going to approach them, knowing conflict with you is just what you want? Or you going to ignore them and let them be asshats.
How about a sign?
&gt;Is it so difficult for Americans to learn history lessons Well yes it is.
But those artificial borders would not be such an issue anymore. The main problem that I see with it are the concentration of power into one world government. Similar to the US where the limitations of federal power are routinely ignored and expanded, while being subverted by parasites. That said, I think it is inevitable and with some proper foundations could lead to a lot less wars and perhaps a more equitable distribution of resources.
Watch the video. In optimal conditions a road with cars is just a train with the cars disconnected.
We need some serious regulation of headlight strength. Especially when the lights are mounted 4 ft above the ground on a truck.
Most of the military stuff is just passed from one government agency to another for a couple of bucks. The only money is for upkeep.
30% is just some arbitrary number that takes no account of what the needs of the org actually are.
Already had that problem.
The industries insistence on clear cuts when there are other better options is just crazy.
Works fine on flat roads with no bumps, as long as the vehicle in question is not too much higher than your own. And you ignore any glare from wet roads.
Anywhere West coast you aren't supposed to touch that stuff, unless you are supervised by a licensed plumber.
Is this the first time anyone has spoken to them?
Loved the book, but the ending was a bit flat.
Your in a situation where you saw someone physically assaulted on live video and think he wasn't afraid for his life.
I've taken a few hits. But never in the middle of a mob. And I saw the footage of Reginald Denny. Seems the story is either he came there to cause trouble or took the wrong turn. Regardless of what was said, I saw a guy not hit anyone. Take actions to avoid hitting anyone. And then defend himself and surrender to the police. So I. Going to give him the benefit of the doubt. He had the ability to kill a lot of people and he didn't. Leads me to believe that he made a wrong turn. Regardless. I still support revolution in our current government, policing, military and hope these protests can address these systemic issues rather than just the enforcement branch.
If wanted to squash this, I would just bus all the homeless up there. Kind of what happened to occupy camps.
They were damn lucky to have enough FBI with them to keep them safe during occupation and out of jail after.
We have cahoots, a civilian review board and before this latest rounds of protests, the biggest complaint was lack of service and the need for more presence. I think defind the police may work a lot of places, but I am not so sure about here. https://www.registerguard.com/rg/news/local/36509124-75/eugene-police-disregarded-about-one-third-of-daily-service-calls-in-2017.html.csp
We could use some more success stories.
Some cats do.
I have a bunch of blue ryobi that won't stop. They don't have prestige, but they get the job done. Torque on the impact is more than the 12 volt milwaukee and a hair less than the rigid. Somehow the drill chuck seems more durable than my newer drills.
Not released in your region. Besides that is 12 bucks a head. Got a family of 5 and it starts to add up.
So no historical statues at all. the Kalapuya were not the first people to settle here either.
How does smashing statues help make you accountable for acts that have absolutely nothing to do with you.
Your point is not make statues of people who don't agree with your values. If that isn't your point, perhaps you are not being clear. So we have gahndi, mostly, depending on who you ask, MLK and who else?
Been happening since it started.
Rejecting symbols of your past does absolutely nothing except deny access to others. A statue of a typical pioneer reminds me of my roots in a tactile way. I am able to both admire him for his strength and reject the destruction they wrought. Although many of the early settlers to this area lived in peace with the Indians and it was the federal troops who forcefully evacuated them. Many times over the protests of the white settlers, who would sometimes hide them. My kids are aware of this too. The art leads to a conversation and learning. Taking away art, does nothing to help the Indians or any of the present victims of neo-colonialism and it ends the conversation.
Exactly, no one lives up to your standards. Nor will they. Only animal statues and modern art for you. Take a moment and consider what future people would say about a statue of yourself.
Why limit it to a building? Would it not be far more powerful to add another sculpture to represent the wrongs? Is a college campus in many ways not a museum where such conversations can take place?
Statues go outside and museums aren't the only place to present history.
Statues absolutely do teach history. You all are missing the opportunity.
Pioneer mother knew more about oppression than any current citizen. No right to vote, didn't own her own property and had to defer to her husband in most matters. Ironic to see privileged young white people now attacking her too.
You think people don't know how the west was won? You may publicize the speeches people made about the statues for a minute, but that ends it. The world would be better served with more art and less vandals.
Thus I asked, your evasion speaks volumes.
Sometimes it is. It usually depends on the owner of the property.
A statue of my ancestor is now equal to a failed pro-slavery rebellion? You don't think you might be stretching a little?
I honestly want to hear what other actions are being taken. I think the exclusive focus on race is a distraction from much larger economic and environmental problems. Engineered to funnel a lot of energy into unproductive channels because the owners of the media would be inconvenienced by any real challenge.
That statue is a prototypical, fictional character. His Indian killing is purely in the imagination of the beholder. Most of the earliest settlers didn't have conflict with the tribes from this area.
Because it is art representing my ancestors and the history of the region. I think we need more art, not less. He needs a Kalapuya and his wife nearby.
Syria would have never stabilized, if he would have gone all in, it would have been part of a pivot towards Iran.
He is a direct representation of any number of fur trappers, mountain men and early settlers of this region. Indian hunter is something you just made up.
But you don't give a shit about that because you gave him your own fictional story.
It may very well be inevitable. If we don't live in balance with the world disease and environment will get us. I think the stones are there to help us pick up the pieces afterwards.
Just a representation of what my distant relatives looked like. Maybe nothing you valued, but my heritage is what it is, warts and all and it doesn't need to be erased in order to end racism.
It wasn't put there to taunt anyone. It was put there to commemorate the pioneers of this area. The ones that eventually built the school. You are merely fixed upon it because you can't think of anything real to do. By your measure it is racist that you are even here.
That is the logical conclusion of many of the claims. The real flaw linking it purely to race. It is the long term effects of wealth disparity.
Not like the KKK on skinners isn't posted on the eugene page all the time or that the state excluded black people wasn't taught in 8th grade state history class decades ago. This isn't new. This is bringing up old stuff to fan the flames of present outrage. No one involved in that is still alive.
We shall see.
Nah, we are allowed animals as well. Glad the Norse don't give a shit about viking mascots.
Making a live action daddy duck.
If your not in a hurry https://youtu.be/ds334IrIRL8
Live action Looney times is more interesting than corporate pandering.
Renaming it will nullify the words of the people who built and funded it?
&gt;I feel like all the actual discussion of elites has been silenced by this wave of pro cop propaganda. A little narrow. Police propaganda and Identity politics is all. Forget economic or environmental issues.
Stick welding in a chair is not my preference.
A cult compound surrounded by a larger cult compound. Until you started talking meme trash I almost believed you knew that.
People aren't pro or anti science. They are for or against the conclusions of research. As well they should be. It would be much easier to puzzle things out if companies were not manipulating the process to benefit themselves.
They were also putting people into the covid ward before they had test results that showed they were infected. And using tests that took 3-5 days to get results.
I can't say I understand it, but overseas deployments of US military forces are at their lowest on modern history. Maybe replaced by drones and mercs? And Trump is set to drop the even further by taking 20k more from Germany.
China is really working on developing markets. The us will remain market for them. But less important as more nation's are developed.
They are building industry ports and rail lines and then building factories once they were tied in.
I would go for abstinence.
If you say so. I thought it was a good metaphor for mandated cessation of hostilities and reparations.
I can really fuck you up, yeah Because I'm a demon, buttercup, You have to spit to see the shine I see the carcass in your eyes -courtney love
Wait until they figure you out that you can blow it all up and then charge them to rebuild.
Met a guy who had built a flexible plastic tunnel that he could deploy wherever.
Never let a good hammer head go to waste.
I don't really find the content worth spending too much energy taking dissecting. But I would closely examine the parts you find objectionable. And try to show it here. I think calling everyone racist is a large scale manipuiation.
I am hoping this movement can move from all these symbolic actions and actually address the current ones.
citizens vs consumers.
Better get to some real demands soon. Just disrupting things and talking aint going to change a thing.
The thing that really bothers me about this is how it is calling on our government to make these changes. We have a liberal referendum policy that could address all of these.
Worked with a gal like that. If the coffee wasn't spiked it was best to avoid her at all costs.
Specifically behaviors are not required to be spiritual. But I would argue that whatever behavior you partake in is motivated and defined by your spirituality or vice versa.
Let's get more real. What are we going to do when some psycho decides to try to run down pedestrians with his car or shoot up a school. Both of which happened fairly recently and in both cases Eugene police stopped them. Wish they would have stopped the driver earlier. And the whole defund police completely ignores the number of crimes that don't happen because there are police who will come. I am all for more training, supplementing them with cahoots and constantly psychological screening before hiring and sporadically afterwards. Defunding them is a non starter, which is why you all are yelling about it rather than trying to put it on the ballot.
These things happened in our community. You probably don't remember because you weren't here. The same way you weren't here for all the work that has been done to reform our police over the last decades. Cahoots, civilian review board, Lane County Interagency Deadly Use of Force. https://ashlandtidings.com/archive/boy-with-guns-arrested-outside-eugene-school https://www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/police-oregon-man-lived-with-parents-he-attacked-in-rampage/
I have lived places like that. In the end sometimes you just need some people with guns.
More likely just give Eric Prince the contract.
I just never put it vertical.
Same as any business. No shoes, no shirt, no mask, no service. I don't need to send the guys with guns out for it.
No, that is called trespassing and there are already laws that cover this.
A screen shot of reddit, on reddit. Guess we have gone full meta. Though I don't think you need to block out reddit user names.
Half the people are saying defund the police and you want them to be out enforcing the dress code.
It is clothing. Dress codes all have a purpose. Some places require boots, some require hard hats. Now they all require masks. Gotta love that big daddy government.
What about people who have already had covid or those who can't wear a mask?
Just staple it to your forehead.
Government just gave away a trillion bucks. But let's go after the cop budgets, those are the real problem.
We haven't declared war, but Iraq, Afghanistan, Iraq 2, and Syria all look a lot like a war to me.
Did new york reach capacity? They had the mobile hospital and the ship too.
I don't think it mattered. Now I wonder what they would have done.
Not every church, but the devil is on notre dame and a few others.
I agree. Personally I believe the systemic racism that is being called out is just the socioeconomic consequences of previous racism by people long dead. It is changing, but slowly, and it is being compounded by the increasing accumulation of resources into a few hands. These hands control the media and focusing on race because it doesn't actually address their wealth hoarding, or actually affect them at all.
Most retail has some sort of sports promotion pushed by the management. It is probably in their manual.
You could change the color of the people in those areas and the situation would remain the same.
Bullshit. Washington's statue went up because he helped found the ducking country.
You got that right. Lock down the rest homes, leave the kids in school and mandate masks. Unless we really think we have the ability to extinguish the virus without causing more harm than the virus. Which does not seem to be the case. People keep bashing sweden, but I think when countries who locked down too fast get hit with a second or third wave combined with people missing work and falling into poverter combined with important medical procedures being postponed indefinitely, sweden will be coming out ahead.
We are just getting started. The real comparison is over years not a few months.
Italy Sewage Study Suggests COVID-19 Was There in December 2019 https://www.nytimes.com/reuters/2020/06/19/world/europe/19reuters-health-coronavirus-italy-sewage.html
Thurl has probably co-opted a lot of computing power since he got the job.
No one doubted you. Just your belief in the scope of the statues being toppled.
Unless you are wearing one with a valve. Then you are protecting yourself a little and your exhaust is not really inhibited.
Yeah. Epd has a revolving door on their jail.
Lord of war. Follow the bullet from the factory to it's eventual use.
So your some sort of trauma expert? Your really endorsing a representative democracy, as I am glad you aren't in charge of anything.
That's not covid patients. Those rates vary depending on age and who is reportinghttps://www.physiciansweekly.com/update-mortality-rate-of-covid-19-patients-on-ventilators/
One ear phone for you apprentice.
