Part 79502747592 of why the replife is the best life 😤😤😤 Never knew my mailman was the fucking plug man. Love that dude. Carried 20kg hauls to my doorstep without batting an eye. Absolute unit. Also learned a lot about the USPS system (I'm my family's shipping guy, they just gimme a ring and tell em how to ship it/just make the label for em lmao)
How did you know repfam? Did he say haul?? Lmao
Them shits are nice as fuck. Wish he made em in size 12
Ur username is a quality piece of literature
U can wear em with anything fr man. Cropped pants, skinny pants, dad jeans, whatever, they are the most versatile shoe honestly. even wore a suit with em and that shit blended in
U can wear em with anything fr man. Cropped pants, skinny pants, dad jeans, whatever, they are the most versatile shoe honestly. even wore a suit with em and that shit blended in
Wish they made these in a 13... Reps don't exist real imo
Sorry the blazers are in the second part of the album
how did this turn out? how do you like it? interested in copping myself
Damn I wish size 12. So nice.
250$. retail was like 1200? so damn good price https://imgur.com/gallery/YsXui those r pics
i really dont need 10 backpacks haha. and rather give a good deal to a repfam and not risk getting scammed via grailed (and stupid fees there as well) lmk man
Sure man! All transparent here :) Not looking to 1:1 scam the family here. Make sure it all checks out to ur standards and lemme know my man
Wanted to get a Louis V damier version (matches my wallet, keepall and shit)
Haha no problem. Let me know man 👍 I'm shipping a lot of stuff tmrw (just made a post) so I can get that next day ship if u decide to cop
Sorry no I don't.
sorry no i dont mate
responded
Insider measurements of the air Force? How do they fit
W2C the first jacket ting bro? So fire!!!
Grab some measurements too if you don't mind mate! Curious to know if the sizing is accurate to the chart
Appears to line up i think. Getting black, hopefully turns out better.r
That's cheap for retail Mastermind. Their cloth hoodies r like 1.2k
King shark has it too
Doesn't look that bad imo? The black color at least blends
Yo apparently the text is trash... Should say MASTERMIND across the zipper and it doesnt read right.... I'm still gonna cop one myself, such a sick piece
Of this jacket? Yeah I'm still copping idrc about flaws too much, just surprised to see it. Got a lot of retail tnf, really liked this collab tho.
Good to know thanks.
Fuck that shits expensive as hell 1200 yuan lmao better be 1:1
Going over the entire jacket, the print my man. Apparently it's supposed to spell out MASTERMIND but it's cut by the zipper going down the middle.
Who's batch r they
***Major in Astrothunder
Fuck. That's too bad, fuck. Really wanted that accessory I guess
Nice bro. Tall af too shiet
Everyday we find another L of a person smh
Sick ass fit.
I'd say it would fit oversized on u mate
Who's ur agent? And they still got bape lmao
I only worry bc it's so cheap. Likely gonna get the same set up (LV lock and chain) my guy :)
Sizing is tts
It's in this album https://imgur.com/gallery/zNFpdrr
Nope sorry these r items I'm selling.
Often mispronounced as "General SaUcE" smfh
that looks amazing FYI. im incredibly envious haha.
Responded :(
sorry i bought them on the BTS sub mate :( Kith sold, but i still got the icon :)
Legend status
Damnit never size 12 :(
Naw bought of a Tao seller. Edit: meant bts
That would be the best end to this story
Damn that's really puffy actually. Nice.
Getting the same in black!
Ask for wash tags. Also sounds like a shit OfferUp/Craigslist scam
I'll buy!
perfect bro. PM sent.
I'll take #OVER 9000
Got a SLP wallet.
Got a retail Prada backpack I'm selling for a steal
Thanks bro appreciate the update. Got a similar pair from Joyside (420 Yuan) so beater szn.
Just messaged him saying that I want him to know that he's an amazing ass seller and that we love him, regarding these two headass dudes. Fuck them man, they acting so entitled. Like step the fuck down.
PSA: act humane Finna start posting PSAs regarding not cutting dicks off now too smh
I got so excited then so sad
No there actually is true 1:1 reps but they aren't publicized for ethics reasons, which imo makes sense. (no don't ask me, I don't have them either) It sucks that we don't have access to them, but with the current state of most reps it's p good. Like it's hard to say something is a rep, unless u are into reps urself. If they got truley 1:1 we would get so much scamming
That 0543 dude he's got it and I GPd it. Will post when I get pics
damnit why never size 12 :(
Not really needing any QC on these two bois, but wanted to share with everyone! The jordan 1s are not that good, the white leather is SHIT, wayyyy too tumbled and not needed at all. the blazers look super good imo [WHERE TO COP THE JORDAN 1s, I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT](http://joystudio.x.yupoo.com/albums/17725934?uid=1) [WHERE TO COP THE OFF WHITE BLAZERS](http://joystudio.x.yupoo.com/albums/19508923?uid=1)
Bye fam. Still Loving the LV computer case
He sent me the same ahahaha. I immediately messaged him after seeing that shit storm.
Fr.... Cwkff has a good batch too but hood size is whack
Clean as fuck fr.
My guy that beard is clean af.
got a SLP stars wallet, its a solid ass rep.
got yeezys size 12 oxford tan
got a SLP stars wallet and a LV half monogram wallet
interested, PMd
got a fear of god essentials backpack
got amiri hoodies: bones hoodie and shotgun hoodie
got amiri hoodies if interested: amiri shotgun hoodies and amiri bones hoodie
Nope. PM me if ur down.
Naw bro it's easiest to pull off, trust. Chicks dig that Balenci too ahah
Responded my g
Ffs can someone ever sell size 12 triple s. I'm just sitting here for the last 6 months man ffs
https://imgur.com/gallery/EwIRXx3 lmk. got a post up right now as well, u can peep it.
I've had some good experiences with this seller. But also some bad. It's all about going in knowing that he's a toss up. Ultimately he's a reseller, and some things just aren't good... B&amp;S is no excuse but some of his stuff is amazing quality stuff.
Yooo that bape rug is amazing. Need one myself fr. What size did u get and hm did it weigh
Is the back print off or am I tripping
It's a great sleeve bruv, got the bigger model for laptop and I have been loving it
Ahhh gotcha fam. Enjoy it, got it in black damier print as well and I love it.
When I got a minute, sure fam
I did previously but it sold. Got a split monogram LV wallet tho if interested
These look clean af.
Man's balls straight up hanging down where his feet are 💧💧💧
If ur saying it's 300 Yuan batch why u charging twice that?
Respond to his comment and he will get pinged
If u got these Friday I'll cop Edit: or if down for trade lmk
This my man is how to do it.
How often have u shipped with them?? Apparently EMS is shut down for a while via cssbuy and I'm not about that DHL
I'm on the west coast. What weights? Usually ship EMS 160$ or so w/insurance
Damn both packages for 80$?!? That's so fucking cheap. I assume cssbuy?
No I got a split LV monogram wallet fs tho
Fairly certain either one of the following is trye about them - they are shit reps - they are women's exclusives
That palm angels is fire af.
Yeah his old shop is down but new is in his yupoo
Damn TC really out here dropping a plethora of products holiday szn
Ur right. I'm sorry if that offends u mate.
BOI u know ur ass ain't brown hahaha
Damn u rock those well brother.
Ahahaha I know what u mean Bro, we all wanna be the MF 🐐 Nav &gt;
Litty my guy. Indian fam stay dripping 💧✌️
https://www.xvideos.com/video35740111/lucky_guy_gets_two_curvy_beauties_-_karen_fisher_and_julie_cash
Acne hoodies my g
Ur account is back?!
Let's negotiate this naan
1:1 good son
Yo did you do SF express to west coast?
That's why ur rep daddy
I GOT HOOOEEEEESSSSSSSSS
WHERES ALI WITH THE MOTHERFUCKING DOPE
Damnit I'd have copped common projects
Measurements on the off white x Nike?
jheez that flex.
i owned it and it felt very plasticy and would show signs when i put things in it (got bent up real easy) aka its pleather. real goyard isnt that shit quality so i didnt fw it. super dope bag tho.
Not sure I'd be able to last a battle of that magnitude :((
Not sure I'll saying Kanye is right by any means man. I personally don't think it's right for him to do that, but it's very fitting for Ye's character to not give a shit and post no-filter
PMd u
Looks bigger imo. Like a us 12 (which is a UK11)
Who's batch and sizing is the Nike x off white hoodie?
ok bro hit me up
Fr bro, never been able to find a good one.
Wasn't aware one could be this high IQ
Oh my god I'm so hyped for the evergreen BOGO ahaha
Mail comes on Saturday, but not Sunday in US :(
This is sick af ahah. Nice cop man.
How much before shipping? These look great
Thanks so much, getting the rep for my mom :)
Yo where did u get this from?
Bro do u mind PMing me, ur comment was deleted
Colors r way off... Too bad never made good reps of this, super sick imo
i think so fam. im a us 12 and that sizing looks solid for me. idk how that would fit u chef.
Damn was that retail? Big W
Need an XL 😍
Excited to see what it looks like IRL inflated my dude
If u end up not liking the triple s lmk and I'll cop em my g Need a pair size 45 😤😤😤
Congrats man. This the shit I love to hear.
Nooooo the Levi's 😔😔😔
oh no ur QC was removed! please share me what u got family
doesnt look that bad tbh. i might still cop if the sizing is correct
what size did u get?
how did this turn out? esp with the sizing and all my brother
how did this turn out? curious to know about the sizing and the fit on u
I believe it's gman (seller) but I bought it on here BTS
Lmk if negotiable! Interested
Still got this?
https://imgur.com/gallery/zNFpdrr thats the album with it. sad i forgot to add the pics to that album smh
Haha, might actually be. It's a sick piece for sure :)
PM me, comments aren't showing up!
Yeah thats my final consensus as well.. been using css for a long ass time, and they haven't failed me yet
PM me
They're already sold.
15 years = light work
They r my go to fav ATM. Got all three colors and love em all
Pmd
Gotcha. Can't see the text to well, does it have the W ILL flaw?
Fr lmao. Everyone on his dick, just like they used to be on David's.
3000 pixels don't @me
Love that this was embroidery!
Accepting trade for the bag?
PMd u
got the following items: - adidas x alexander wang joggers - SLP stars wallet - balmain jeans - prada windbreaker - supreme LV baseball jersey Let me know if interested :)
got the following items: - adidas x alexander wang joggers - SLP stars wallet - balmain jeans - prada windbreaker - supreme LV baseball jersey Let me know if interested :)
got the following items: - adidas x alexander wang joggers - SLP stars wallet - balmain jeans - prada windbreaker - supreme LV baseball jersey Let me know if interested :)
got the following items: - adidas x alexander wang joggers - SLP stars wallet - balmain jeans - prada windbreaker - supreme LV baseball jersey Let me know if interested :)
sure bro PM me and i can text u more. let me know what kind of pics u want and need there my g.
Drip too hard 💪😤
It's all in my post fam :) https://www.reddit.com/r/FashionRepsBST/comments/a7j7qi/fsusawa_christmas_drip_rare_jordans_just_don/?utm_source=reddit-android
U were able to sell Xbox 360s on eBay? How much might I ask?
They give a reason why?
DAMN that jacket is fucking insane...
Pkd
Yessir
Pmd u Edit: for Hermes :)
Please make the Korea UBs!
Damn might need a pair to replace my breds fr fr
No they fit more like a L-XL id say. Unless ur tall, which would work cos u can use the ties
When I get a new crib this is a must.
Damn wish sizing was better. Sick pickup
Subtle flex. I like how there's a hint of hype 😤💪
Yeah I'm getting these for my spring haul :)
Goddamit I want this so bad but know I'll get shot as a colored individual in America. Like legit. Thats the reason I'm not copping ;(
Yeah imo too.
Press F.
Lemme guess ur fav brand fam It's fucking palace, don't be tryna let that FERG slip pass me up 😤😤😤 mf woke
There's reps of the off white pants that look like this iirc Sorry don't have a link saved for u fam :(
Yes. I love you
Ambition is iirc
I bought it, will share QC when it arrives!
Congrats bro, subtle hydro flex too aha
What was he even selling?
I got the yellow P and F bag, the supreme is sold
Looking for 7$ for ship fam
This got zodiac killer written all over it
How early did u go to get front seats GA
His response "I love you too" is fucking iconic my dude. Congrats. Edit: this happened in Portland live, Trav spoke into the mike
He's coming to Seattle on 1/29 FYI Leg 2 boiiisss
Damn already got a keepall, but tempted to get this fr fr aha Lmk if ur selling any other LV my g
At the concert, he spoke into the mike, "I love you too" the most wholesome ass thing I've seen in my life
wow so that conversation was basically saying "shut the fuck up" and "faggot" love learning internationally on reddit
If ur in the US check out outlet stores!!! Both adidas and Nike have heat in big sizes, fr fr. Cheap also. And if u have any nearby ur location, check Nike clearance stores and adidas clearance stores (these r different from outlet stores, just Google to find em near u). These stores have serious discounts, more than outlets. Bought a bunch of NMDs at the peak of their hype sizes 14-18 for like 20$ and flipped em hella. Def worth checking out
Sorry man... That sucks, wish u a happy holiday regardless. This is all meaningless material items, treasure the time with ur friends and family cos at least ur safe :)
Great review fam. The givenchy goes hard.
Try using sf express if USA, should be 20$ or so.
Ordered the maroon and yellow in an XL. Interested to see if the measurements r really that big aha. Balenci sizing fr
How much was the goretex and down jacket? They r significantly cheaper in Japan iirc
Today is my cake day also gang shit
Never.
My dude Arabic are like 2k innit? Def not a subtle flex lol
I love these and the complexcon ones so much
My agent said he's shipping today...
108$ shipped?
How much is price?
Would it fit a 6s?
Have they already strated to ship?
Same...
I lost iq
Same here. Still was deferred
Thanks for I'll check it out
Sick ass moncler man. I need that jacket fr fr
Gonna get the white Levi's from him :)
Hahaha love the meme selling, that's the move chief.
That's insane
Sorry I meant it as a positive thing. I get exactly what u mean, it's super sick ahaha. Might need to get one for my laptop tbh. Got the 502 rn for my desktop, but just evolved to team Laptop for that portability and idk how I feel about a wired mouse
Ah that's good to know also aha. Why isn't there just a g502 wireless :(((
Yeah love that sub aha.
Damn damn never find areans in a size 12. Sick price bro
so when is he shipping?
messaged him and he confirmed that both colors will be shipped tmrw.
Of course, just wanna wait until spring to come before I order aha
He had two options 1) admit they r reps 2) say he got em from dead people Man's went with the latter 💀💀💀
LMFAO calc flex I c u g
Nawww chief keep on flexing, if I had an n-spire I'd be flexing it too. I stay broke wit my TI-84+ CE 😢
pretty sure thats the right size for the hoodie my dude. bape retail is small af logos, and reps havent gotten that right.
How much?
Oh my god I love that video.
"my dad's supreme"
SIIIIIIICK-O MODE
You can get the bigger chanel bag if u want 🎵🎶 Sick ass haul bro, fw it heavy
real shit tho, EMS is the plug to the west coast, my hauls r usually 3 days as well to seattle :)
did you get QC pics for it fam? edit: nvm ur god.
Received.
NOOOO!!!!! Id have instacopped this
are there any specific traditions that u can think of that are northwestern specific? thanks :)
Of course not, but as a student you have access to see northwestern in a light an outsider can only hope to hear about. I've researched plenty into the accademics, and know which program I'm interested in. If you can't help, that's no problem, but it's more than fair of a question, given I have not had the opportunity to travel to Evanston.
Same
Fax. Partying = guap. I rather sit and home and save that money 😤😤😤
I'd def steal that paper agha. Or at the very least make a copy of it
Hahaha one day. I always try and order it and it's either oos or link not found when I'm hauling :(((
How many shirts came w/it
Def don't bring flashy replicas... Esp when traveling a lot mate
My money is on the top row. Own all the off white Prestos and I love them so much
Fuck I wish these were a 46 :(((
Damn the store is called h12 factory store.... Hmmmm
Always air dry!
damn, some expensive ass goods getting burnt
FUCK XL SOLD OUT!!! is the sizing tts to the chart? looks like i might be able to finesse a M
Damn if the dunabe was the classic brown monogram I'd be all over it. The black monogram is hella tempting tho... Fuckkk
Fuckkkk I'd buy the shorts any day mang.
LV album is missing g. Interested to cop
not that bad at all!! sick pickups
RAPS IN 5 ON GOD!
ill buy it off ya bro
fr... BM Lin sold out and i was a sad boy :(
Snag some insole measurements my g!
RAP IN 6IX MF FUCK GOLDEN STATE
Damn never seen any backpack reps fr fr
Dude no joke french Canadians are hot as fuck
Pmd
Pmd
Yeah I'd say it could fit 2XL.
Noooo, that would have been ideal
Replied
Sorry I forgot to copy paste that one in there, mb it's fixed
Replied
If u don't like it and want to sell, hmu
I agree. I'd have scooped it up real quick if OP responded to my pm :(
What's sizing?
Pmd
paid
wow that looks awesome! lemme know if you end up selling it ever :)
Pmd
How many days did it take to pass customs
How many days did it take to pass customs?
How many days does it take to pass customs via sf express for ur packages? Concerned cos my package (16.5kg of all kinda of shit) is still in customs since Friday...
How many days does it take to pass customs via sf express for ur packages? Concerned cos my package (16.5kg of all kinda of shit) is still in customs since Friday...
My package has been "clearing customs" since fucking Friday... Any recommendations as to what the next moves should even be?
Ah lucky man. Usually my stuff goes thru SFO also, as I'm in Seattle, but it went thru LA this time... Hella fucking slow Hopefully gets to me before Monday when I leave the country
Good looks man, appreciate it
Ya ur right. The radio silence had me flipping out tho ngl
What r u selling on lol
Interesting that you can do bids on that now...
Those r dope af
I've already bought reps of supreme chopsticks and supreme soup bowl and spoon set, so we already there fam
Need to see a fit pic of this fr
I'd assume 8-12 as it's Chinese. These look like they might even go up to 12, as the material is thicc and these don't look so small
replied
replied
replied
i believe it was fory's batch, but I do not recommend this seller as they have had some issues in the past.
replied
sorry man, its UNHS batch, not sure if they r still in stock
yeah the moncler fits me, i just have too many outerwear pieces. Responded to ur PM about sizing as well
sup man, i copped it from a local seller so i dont know the batch. but i believe darcy has these
did i forget pics? sorry about that... lemme get some for u rn.
Sure, added it to the post too https://imgur.com/a/hWFw9td
The nupste vests r stupid nice retail. Like they r super high quality
Damn u got both off white dunks? That's dope af
Yeah sometimes over the weekend and days to ship to their international shipper can take that long in my experience
OOOO gotcha. I thought they were reps
Splice
There's that also. I meant the comment more for looking for reps lol
Jiyeiyas batch is p good.
I love the long sleeve polo shirt I got from u fr fr
Thanks man
Hey man cargos sold (need to update post) but I got the bape mask styll
Guy made a post selling the chain if ur interested in that
Ur thread was removed bro
How much did it sell for?
What size is the kid?
Still got bape?
Looks sick either way matey
I've heard Darcy's batch is top tier for LV damier print wallets. Still got my wallet (been more than 3 years) and I'm the second owner of it (my homie had it before me for a bit) Sam's batch is on par with Nina's I believe. Not sure if it's up to Darcy/Old Cobbler
Their watches r def not quality
Good Lord that looks horrible NGL
Fucking love Darius
Personally love that case, even tho ion think it's retail
Stone island super drip. Def gonna get a new vest from em
Damn TC got that banada visvim backpack too, that's super drip. Grail status.
I'm also wondering. Got a pair size 12 that are red and not sure how much they are worth.
How much do crepstas go for? (Or how much did u pay for URS haha)
Good to hear man! My pair is DS without OG box so sounds good :)) I'd keep em, but I got sooo many shoes haha
What's bad about it??
Real talk haven't seen reps of this for the entire time I've been on this MF sub: 4 fucking year and counting. We need some reps
How's the jacket holding up mate
Dope. Is it leaking at all? I'm thinking about getting the grey color u did too fr fr.
Damn I'd have copped balenciaga
Taobao review pic LOL
I looked up a Chinese ring chart to US and think I understand it. It's ~ 2x the size of the US sizings was my understanding So a US12 ring size = 24 Chinese.
This af. Business 🤝 is🤝 Business
Airmax 95 (+ airmax 2 ) = Airmax 97
Scammer!!
If only chrome hearts was XL :(
Twas a good year for u my friend
I've tried helping others with this issue but I'm told my account is not able to "re-activate" as it's not trusted or some shit
Lmk if selling shoes in the future
Oh god that's heat
I think he just wants u to add a sticky note with ur username written on it
Pm
Another one of my fav pieces. Stupid lit
Pmd.
Love the color
Damn the alyx reps r already out?
I paid for Michael's bapestas cos 150$ gets me a pair of size 12 bapestas, which I have a huge difficulty finding
What
Textbook prices b hitting diffirent
He could blur it.
Yes you can. That's the purpose of the feature!
That's always the best projects
Sorry sold
Relax or Pine Sole. And for features gotta b No Ice ft. Lil Durk
u should be able to get ur money back easily because of PayPal invoice. Did u tell any mods? u/swaysavage
Damn I remember when these came out. That was really 4 years ago?!
Imo these look good from the elephant print. That's something I haven't seen reps nail in a minute. Also the Nike air on the back appears to be aligned well
Mildy concerning that the person was legit wearing these shoes (or some other 3s) and has his bare foot and shot in the pic...
Had no idea u could insert pictures in a review format like this. Beautiful.
Unionkingdom
Naw this if just an error. It shouldn't be like that, he's shipped normal shirts before
Bro u should! I wanna see more reviews on the sub fr fr (gotta make more myself)
LMAO love the confidence. Ur right, fuck it. It's a nice utility bag btw, use it for skiing, can hold a water bottle (make sure it doesn't leak) some snacks and even a speaker if ur sneaky, v spacious
Oh my god. Shipping it's quite expensive now days 😣
U gotta add some W2C bruh u/swaysavage he's copped some X merch it seems. Hopefully he can share a w2c
I feel u man. Skiing is hella expensive, I worked as a teacher to afford my pass + got my gear for fair prices.... Great hiking bag/outdoor bag nonetheless. Enjoy it. Speaker is clutch in the weirdest places w/the Bois NGL. But if ur bout the pods say that
This. Or tuck the Nike sock so the logo doesn't shiw
I fw the off white shirt. No arrows on the back!
Isn't it annoying to put thru new pairs of pants?
Spend what u can afford to. Make sure ur not spending money u NEED
Really smart idea!
Nice man. Big fan of the jersey style shorts here
Holy shit that looks amazing. It's literally June and gonna b 80° and I want it so bad.
Aye fr? Might get my sis a pair for fun, u mind PMing me a link?
Have u tried markin?
Replacement for sure
Interesting. So u had the photos on ur desktop/computer and were able to drag and drop?
I really like the blue one! What's the market for it RN?
added, imgur didnt include them in album 2, mb.
W batch is better than E batch from what I researched
What did u get and how bad were they? Share some pics if possible
Bought static 700s and Creme UBs
Why does everything have to become political? Edit: it's literally replica clothing
Cargo pants have some great utility mate! But I think it's all about the fit of the pants/shorts. Take a look at sweatshorts, those r v popular, many popular brands make em (like stone island is my fav) but u can also go unbranded. Also look at some athletic style shorts. Some cool casual looks from Nike, or u want to go rep and like the NBA/basketball just don x NBA and other jersey style shorts. It's really hard to style when it's super hot, and I was born in Texas and frequently visit and I get how HOT it gets there... U really can't be trying any fits out there in the summer time without sweating fr
I went with markin and he's a solid seller. Easy PayPal and shipping. Overall great guy
It's all g man. U had a decent idea just forgot stockX is dogshit
So try using bleach?
FR THO. I get 45-46 size shit and hope it fits. Most of the time it's just 45 stuff tagged 46
Holy shit. Def need to tailor then. That's sucky af low-key Tall homies r so happy tho ahah
What stuff r u into?
Woah these brought memories back. Resale shot up to 5-600$ fr fr
Share some pics? They fit boxy?
Woah that was a crazy comparison
That ep KILLED me ngl
Nice shirt 👌
Love the surge by the north face. Amazing backpack and I've tried and owned almost 30. Finally so happy with this one
F.
obviously gotta take it off and say sorry for stealing to the employees and dip. &amp;#x200B; UNSPOKEN #1 RULE OF BEING REPFAM
Lmaooo gotta manage vbucks better for that 1:1 battlepass every season. Never spent real money on a free game until the Travis scott fortnite stuff tho fr fr
Balenciaga x Sacai on god
😔
So dope. The material and the coin r 🔥
Aye the summer fleece drip. I respect that. Which seller did you cop from?
Fairly certain this comment is asking if the seller is legit, not talked about as of late. So stop downvoting the man, ofc he knows they r replicas To answer ur question, imo they are safe to buy from but they sell a lot of overpriced shoes imo.
That box do be fire af tho. Def not 70$ extra worth tho
MF fax. Gotta wait a little longer than as soon as reps r made of a new release, but that's just how it goes. Most of the cheaper sellers r slower to get shoes, but it's literally half the price so it's no problem. Half price considering u can ship ur haul with the shoe, throw away the boxes and easily get low shipping.
Love these weidan stores. Some solid value gems. I'm gonna search the store and eventually GP some stuff, thanks for the share!
It's a hassle, but I'd recommend using phones for it. It's way buggier on computer... Also annoying u can't open new tabs n all :((( I usually do it on the phone cos the app is easier to navigate/faster to use than desktop is.
I feel u. They r nice pieces but for me with jewelry I'm a big fan of sterling silver pieces, I can always have them on and low-key best em with little to no concern Need to find a nice chrome hearts bracelet NGL
Damn I sold this exact same jacket I got retail from the Nike outlet... NikeLab reps haven't been close to retail sadly :((
As soon as we get our shipping number from Trav for the merch 😔
I love this
Im still curious to know where OP got it from
Pm
Cool concept nonetheless. As the other guy said, it's an easy enough DIY, just need a good blank hoodie
Looking to trade for them broski, read post
I don't want to sell them bro.
30 + ship
P sure it's just a more fitted for from Gucci? Italian fit? Kinda like how Givenchy has two styles of fit: super fitted or looser (Spanish vs European fit or something)
This is a cop
Is it just the angle or r the letters not aligned straight?
Fr tho, there tags look painful lolol
LV shirts, even retail, r super thin
Drop a w2c and fit pic for the LV shirt!
Only sell to vouched sellers
Worried that straps would rip on this ngl.
Honestly I'd cop these as beaters NGL Not sure on flaws at all, but they look clean
Sounds like 45 just tagged 46
These look great! As a fellow size 12 I need these also
I got a high end replica for around 500$, and haven't looked back at all. It's the Hublot big bang and man it's a dope watch. Lmk if ur interested in buying it, I'm a college kid and have no business with such a watch lmaoo
Hero
Beautiful backpack!!! I'm excited to see where this goesm The visvim backpack 20L is easily one of my fav backpacks as well
U can always return! What did u end up buying?
I like ur coasters a lot
Sounds like a good deal tho, only 100$?
Their loss bro. It's tough but ur gonna have to move on :(
I like u Lewis. 🐐 for all this review material
I fw it!
F, still can't find this
Kith-stas !!!
Good man
First post was def "W2C 1:1 BOGO"
Good to know. Need to get my student Spotify account set up so I can get the streaming for Hulu also
Thanks! Awesome setup!
Crazy cos I remember hearing rep factories r better, cos making replicas is an illegal action and thus getting employees is harder so they r paid better and have nicer facilities. Edit: retail factories r still horrible
Confirmed
English is a horrible language to learn, I always feel so bad for people trying to learn. So counter intuitive!! I just read it like he spelt it (how it's pronounced haha) ngl
Pm
r/Whoosh
Already got my victim 😈
U kinda remind me of the main dea agent in seasons 1-2 in narcos hahaha. Sick fit
PM
Damn did u snipe this from me again haha
Still got these?
LMAOOO from that tiktok, i remember that shit bruh
def the blue color hoodie is the one i want to cop! thanks for sharing
R u an art student? Is that why ur hanging out with em? Lot of dope stuff here. Love the chrome hearts chain a lot g
Me @every rep.shoe that doesn't go to US12/UK11
Crewneck is crazy nice
Pm
I like the fit. I wouldn't wear it personally, but it suits you. Not a huge fan of the shoes tho tbh.
Jin = inconsistent seller
Fuck I'd take the 5s and dunks if anything went wrong
Fr. I paid like 200$ for a good batch of my triple s lmao, 40$ is a deal and a half
This haul is NY af 😂😂 Might wanna add more pics if u want it to be considered a review. Maybe a sentence or two on what u thought about it too fam, but thanks for sharing regardless
What happened?
Congrats fam! R the strange loves dunks and v2s the reps?
And autroturfing (or however it's spelled). He was fabricating reviews by paying people off...
Goddamit another banger product... Ambition always with the nice quality pieces fr fr
dope collection!
got these, super nice pair of sunnies
Congrats fam! U gotta tie ur shoes loser tho, them joints look like they choking fr fr
Drop a pic fr!
Pm
I messaged u, wanna buy the whole post basically
Pmd PayPal ready vouched user
NGL if i ever see women in LV i assume its real, regardless of how rare it is. &amp;#x200B; But women LC the shit out of women so stay woke.
I've always liked the stuff dude9 has, one leg up to reon (who i have bought a lot off of tbh) but I just dont' like korean rep shipping prices, shits expensive af. Huge fan of the AMI hoodies, AMI crewnecks, and AMI dress shirts. Some nice stuff!
**LYFactory** seems to be a super solid seller for high end reps. Really nice to see comparisons mate, thanks!
hows the alyx belt bag quality in terms of the leather quality? does it feel good or is it plasticy, also how is the zipper quality
do it!
I knew there would be better prices for the stussy dunks. they are actual grails, was almost considering 130$ from flightkickz (fuck those guys fr)
u shipping to the US btw?
Pm
thank you so much for ur help!
Om
