There is no doubt she would have been better than the scandal ridden mess we got. It's not even debatable.
Dems haven't even taken the control of the House yet. If he's in a bad mood now, wait for the subpoena canon to start firing in January.
I think you misunderstood my post friend. I am not a fan of a president* who takes the side of an ex-KGB agent against the US military and intelligence community. If anyone is a commie that would be you for supporting such a president*.
US health system is inefficient because of the complicated insurance model. In fact studies suggest it would be cheaper on the tax payer if we had a single payer system.
You mean the conspiracy theories? There are also people who believe earth is flat, or that vaccines cause autism, and for instance that man isn't contributing to climate change. Doesn't make it true. &gt; Benghazi I like that you also included this one too. 4 years of investigation 0 indictments. Mueller's investigation has 33 in 2 years and still counting. (Mueller is republican too). Wait until Jan when House changes majority. The president* has been virtually unchecked until now thanks to congress having republican majority in both senate and house. We aren't even at peak shitstorm yet. &gt; And then yes there's the whole nearly getting impeached over Bill perjuring himself, yes. Yes by lying about a consensual blowjob, I counted that didn't I? Meanwhile president* couldn't even talk to Mueller because. His own lawyer [thought he was too dumb](https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2018/09/ex-trump-lawyer-told-mueller-trump-is-too-dumb-to-testify) to talk to Mueller without perjuring himself. So instead the president* had to mail his answers back, homework style.
Isn't it streaky though? My brother in law rents his old apt. Now he has a steady tenant, but for years there he had constant churn.. and people not paying rent for a few months.
Why does it need a spoiler tag? It reveals nothing of the RDR2 story. It's just an easter egg.
That was a roller coaster. I was like.. no she's going to get hit by a car.. phew no cars.. straight into a wall.
&gt; You can continue posting nonsense about Athlon performance, but Rome will be crushed. lol
No Dzeko to defend those headers.
Zen2 has an improved IF. Rome is real and it has 64 cores. I agree about the price though. I don't think this is real.
This looks very fake. I will leave it up for discussion and educational purposes (on how to spot fakes).
It got me too on the surface until I started thinking about it. Here is a list of red flags for me right now: - 3600GX makes no sense whatsoever. No way 20 Vega CU could have enough bandwidh without HBM2.. even 2400g struggles with 2ch DDR4. And no way we get an HBM2 based APU at $239 that right there makes absolutely zero sense. - No 6 core CPUs on that list. Why wouldn't AMD bin for 6 cores? The most popular zen CPUs so far are 6 cores. And for them not to be represented on the list just screams fake. - 5Ghz Excavator? 1st of all why? 2nd of all.. Excavator could never hit 5Ghz. ...
&gt; Also /u/noiserr, I think the last bullet point should read "DDR5" and not "GDDR5", right? You're are correct! My bad.
Maybe there is something to it after-all. /u/PhoBoChai mentioned "improved DCC and functional DSBR" which could offset the bandwidth bottleneck. If it's true it's going to be an insane bargain.
Better quality track record though. (no exploding capacitors).
Letting Flynn go is not the same as Flynn being let go after giving up 19 meetings worth of dirt.
Even PC grew last year, though slightly.
Similar boat here. Charity is a good one, around this time I usually cut a check to a local humane society. I also bought two of my nephews a Nintendo Switch each and a couple games.
Random comment: I have a decent pair of headphones on. And that song just impressed the hell out of me on how well produced it is. Soundstage is ridiculously good.
They likely use pogo pins or similar in both cases, but it's still orders of magnitude harder to do on dies than on packages.
Scorpio is great hardware wise, but Xbox totally dropped the ball on their exclusives.
Ok but who is supporting free movement of labor?
you rock!
&gt;!Micah is probably forced to rat, like John Marston gets forced to go after his old gang mates. Strauss is a soulless cunt!&lt;
What's the point of your comment if it doesn't address the actual topic? Other than to provide misleading stats and jump to conclusions.
This is what boggles my mind. Not just him, he's surrounded by crooks and liars. They all are going down with him too. I mean the arrogance of these people is unparalleled.
This is why I cut out anyone who voted for him in my life. I have no time for such stupidity.
what a sad existence that must be
What you're feeling is rosy retrospection. The world was not at all a simpler place. You simply probably don't remember your parents having to wash their shoes every time they got into their house because of Chernobyl radiation for instance.
No chance we see 4ch on am 4. It makes zero sense. Needing to route twice the memory traces is the main reason HEDT motherboards are more expensive. Also I highly doubt am4 has enough pins for twice the memory channels.
You aren't wrong. But toxic media does have the populism. So it's really not as small of a minority. Fox News for instance is the most watched cable news in America. Now granted the other more legit news split their viewership among themselves but Fox News still commands a dangerously high level of viewership.
That's Vega rx 10. Vega 10 is the internal architecture codename for the original Vega rx64. Same way we had Polaris 10 and 11 (representing rx480 and rx460 chips).
He showed class a few times which have redeemed him to me a bit. The first one was when he told that lady "No mam, he [Obama] is a good man." And when the thumbed down the repeal of ACA. He's done other good and honorable things, like not accepting early release in POW camp, as well as other less publicized POW rights work he's done across the world. Republican standards are pretty low these days, so I think it's important to recognize when they do good things.
Some are more despicable than others.
It is difficult to say if it's her being spineless. Or if she was actually being smart. Impeachment is a serious endeavor. &gt; You come at the king, you best not miss. It's not something you try for. You have to have bipartisan support for it to work, as it requires a super majority vote. She likely didn't have the support to impeach Bush W. I mean this is what she's good at, counting votes.
That was my question as well. Some speculate that improved compression and draw stream binning in Navi may offset the bandwidth issue.
&gt; Not condoning the Sun but claiming that they're the source of all racism is a bit of a stretch. Except it isn't a stretch. Not even a little bit. Contributing to the racist rhetoric is absolutely one of the sources of racism. They also know fucking better, and using this excuse instead of apologizing and vowing to do better is exactly how a racist outlet who hasn't learned a god damn thing would react.
That's what I am saying. SDNY has declared that those are felonies. Good luck with that.
Saying hi in 5 languages does not mean she can speak them. She can't even speak English barely. And she's lived in US for awhile. She's as dumb as her husband.
You plagiarize my comments like Melania plagiarizes Michelle Obama's speeches. :P
Sure Mueller is the con man, not your cult leader. Who's literally conned thousands of people, Trump University, Trump steams, conned investors in Trump casinos, he even tried to con his own father and take early inheritance, building contractors.. do some research. &gt; His word is as useless as a woman’s in a Muslim country This makes no sense at all lol. Muslim countries tend to have high natality.
/RemindMe! 3 years
Facts like your dude is a felon.
Edwards ended his campaign. Much different. Trump profited by paying hush money and kept the campaign going and won the presidency on it.
Edwards ended his campaign. Trump won the presidency on the back of those violations. Quite a difference. Like if Lance Armstrong never finished a race, he would have never gotten in trouble for doping.
do remind me. :)
We're way passed that point lol. 33 indictments and counting, plus 2 felony charges in SDNY office. :)
Exactly. Trump had to supply questions homework style, with the help of his lawyers. Because he would also definitely perjure himself, according to his own lawyer. Mueller doesn't even care about perjury.. shit is way more serious than that. And that's my point.
They weren't secret email server. An email server can't be secret. That's how email works. If it was secret none could send you mail. It was a private email server. Also a big nothing burger.
Different circumstance, John Edwards didn't profit from it, he ended his campaign. He did not hurt other candidate chances which is why the rules are there in the first place. Also Cohen just got 3 years in prison for the Trump violation.
Lol. Tell that to Michael Cohen.
Nobody is above the law. And Trump is now a felon.
Can't seem to find any evidence of that. Other than some tabloids reporting rumors of it.
He will be out of office in 2 or 6 years.
Damn, I didn't realize you can actually fire while it's reloading the clip. That's so broken haha.
says `codename: Raven Ridge` Wonder if it's just a rebrand.
Weird. Seems kind of early, particularly for the APU models. But who knows.
Trump should run the US like he ran Trump University.
Man, It really feels like we've only scratched the surface in regards to all the shit that's going to come out.
You never know, didn't Ted Turner buy bunch of land to preserve Bison?
I miss those days, the banter made it more interesting for sure.
Ahh, interesting. Didn't know about that. Will keep an eye on it, in case they fix it.
Amazon's huge advantage in gaining market-share was no sales tax. I am actually debating canceling Amazon prime now that we pay sales tax on purchases, as I often find better deals on Ebay.
&gt; When I said Czech, the choicest of papaks kept insisting whether I was Czech Muslim, Czech Serb or Czech Croat. That's kind of sad and funny at the same time.
This video goes into a lot of things but fails to explain the main thing it really needs to explain. And that is Google Page Rank. To explain Google's Page Rank. We have to first go back to the time before Google. Search engines such as Altavista for instance, used all kinds of parameters to rank their pages but the search was not very good because it was easy to game by those who wanted to cheat search rank. The result was spam ridden search results. Altavista tried to combat this in various ways, but were unsuccessful. Every time they changed their rank algo, spammers would adapt. For instance, website would spam keywords which helped improve the search rank of that page for a given keyword. This is why before Google web search was actually not very good. Then came Google. And decided to rank pages based on the number of other sites pointing to a given site. The sites with more links to them mattered more as well. And with this simple concept Google solved the problem of gaming the search, or the search engine spam. This is how they became the #1 Search Engine in the world. If your site is the most linked site when it comes to a given keyword, it means it's probably the most authoritative site for a given topic and so it will show up first. Trump showing up first just means that for the word idiot Trump is the most "authoritative" result, because most sites by volume and rank point to sites calling Trump an idiot. Google can't change this algorithm because it's literally what makes their search good and impervious to spam and page rank gaming.
Not to mention, Mueller is a republican and so is Rosenstein who appointed him. Like the whole investigation has nothing to do with Democrats.
taken right before social services were called
&gt; not being protected by client/attorney privilege. It is not being protected because the attorney in this case Michael Cohen is a co-conspirator in committing illegal acts. Any lawyer worth his or hers salt would have recognized these acts as illegal and would have advised their client to not do them. Also would probably say: "you and I never spoke of this" However it seams like Cohen thought Trump could get away with this, like he has probably with countless other things before becoming a president. So he made tapes for just in case.
Dude is skinny. I can totally see why his mom is concerned with him not eating.
lol, you have a point there.
Have a Croat from Dalmatia talk to a Bosniak from say Sarajevo. It is like a Southerner from Alabama talking to an Aussie. It's largely the same language, the accent is different and they use different words for some things, but generally know what those words are anyways even if they don't use them. It's the same language for all intents and purposes. From Ex-Yu: Croatia, Bosnia, Serbia and Montenegro all speak the same language. Macedonia, Slovenia and Albanians in Kosovo. Speak 3 distinctly different languages.
I am no lawyer, but even I can tell Giuliani was all over the place, fucking up bad in his interview with Chris Wallace on Fox News of all places.
&gt; Just saying, Not voting is the wrong thing to do, but shaming people for voting for policy rather than party seems kinda counter-intuitive to what we need. This has been my reasonable go to until Trump. Trump is not just some guy who disagrees on policy and does his own thing. I am actually totally fine with people voting 8 years of republicans and 8 years of democrats. And I am fine with protest votes. But Trump changes everything imo. He's not just some guy who disagrees on policy. This is the guy who's undermining the very fabric of our democracy. The only right choice is a vote for whoever has the best chance at beating him.
&gt; but it's hilarious seeing you try and justify it to yourself I think it's you guys who are hilarious. You show me one person who pays this tax. Single one. I've never seen it. If a store doesn't charge it, it doesn't get paid. Do you keep an inventory of all the online purchases and then pay sales tax on them after the fact? Because most online purchases you make aren't taxed like this. Do you pay state sales tax on your Netflix subscription? I've literally never heard anyone say, gotta go home and do my state sales taxes, it's preposterous. Unless we're talking about registered big items, like cars and boats, no one goes out of their way to pay sales tax unless the site itself includes it in. Otherwise this law reporter is smoking crack: https://www.npr.org/2018/04/17/603093440/will-you-soon-have-to-pay-sales-tax-on-every-online-purchase It's just fucking stupid that I am somehow being attacked for something literally everyone does. Bunch of fucking hypocrites.
Not only that the interview was also conducted by Peter Strzok whose reputation was smeared and who got fired for no reason. He was nothing but professional in his conduct. Are you not allowed to have different personal views than the people who you are investigating?
No one should care what they think. The same way no one cares about what anti-vaxxers and flat earthers think. They bring nothing to the table when it comes to rational thought.
Money in politics is going to be hard to fix. It doesn't help for instance that those crimes are difficult to prosecute as well. As the perps often skirt the edge of legality, using every loophole at their disposal and have great resources and connections.
Most things in life aren't black or white, it's usually a gray area. For instance, hear me out, I can appreciate some arguments from the gun rights crowd. I am still for more regulation, but not all of their arguments are BS. America's gun culture didn't just appear out of nowhere. It's been there all along. I understand why they would be protective of the 2nd amendment. Many take it too far though. I am pro choice, but I can begin to understand those who are against it. They were brought up to think that way, and lets face it aborting fetuses isn't exactly something to like. Even if I support the woman's right to chose, that doesn't mean I am pro abortion, abortion shouldn't be taken lightly. These are legitimate difference of opinions right vs. left has. I think more gun regulation and pro choice are better ideas going forward for the society as a whole. But I can understand those who disagree. The problem starts when they stop having a fact based debate. At that point they're just arguing for their own team or tribe. Coming up with anything that will fit their narrative. Like Climate change denial. There is no debate there. We the human race are contributing dangerous levels of CO2 to the atmosphere. You do not need to be a rocket scientist to realize that. It is not particularly a high science or that abstract of a concept. It is not a theory, we can measure this stuff. It is also painfully obvious who the biggest proponent of "climate change is a hoax" is. It's the "big oil" doing the exact same thing Tobacco companies did before them. They are protecting their own self interest at the cost of literally everyone else. Climate Change is my litmus test for whether I want to debate politics with a conservative. If they can't understand climate change.. they are too far in, and they can't be helped. Because they are willing to forego facts in order to hold that view. It's just hopeless at that point.
Don't forget covering for Saudi Arabia's gruesome murder of an American based journalist.
Imagine if Twitter had a downvote button. His tweets would be in millions but negative.
Plenty of blame to go around. But what happened in 2016 with social media is definitely something that needs to be addressed on multiple fronts. Otherwise we will continue to see this type of abuse in the future.
No I mean addressing the interference of foreign powers into social media.
To be fair. He later clarified not to read too much into the question. But it is quite interesting he asked about treason. This does not bode well at all for those who haven't cooperated with this investigation. Stuff keeps looking worse and worse for Trump by every passing day.
&gt; The problem I have is Mueller said he did a great job cooperating which tells me there’s not much left to cooperate on. The cooperation the judge was referencing is not the Russia one, but the most recent case Flynn is cooperating on. The one regarding Turkish lobbying and two Turkish agents who were arrested recently. https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/12/michael-flynn-ex-associates-charged-turkey-lobby-case/578407/
I didn't think Mueller was leading the Turkey investigation. Is that the case?
You are right. But I meant it in the Theory vs. Fact context.
I am not muddling my terms. If I wanted to specify I would have said `scientific theory`. But as I pointed out I used the term correctly as it also means: "an unproven assumption" But anyways. I will use a different term next time.
He's a public figure, perhaps a thicker skin is in order. They criticized Obama for wearing a tan suit, and for using the "un-American" Dijon mustard on his burger. Saying press is "the enemy of the people" particularly in light of journalists getting killed in a mass shooting is not only unconstitutional, but it legitimately puts journalists at risk. The last thing you would want from a President.
Quoting the "offending" statement I made: &gt; It is not a theory, we can measure this stuff. Because if it was a scientific theory my sentence would make no sense. That's how you usually determine the right meaning of homonyms. You should also consider the audience in this sub. It's r/politics not r/science.
Those server ASPs seem a bit too high. One of the biggest claims to fame of Rome will be lower cost of production. AMD wants to nab as much marketshare as possible. Datacenter is sticky in terms of business retention. So I am convinced they will go lower with ASPs to gobble up as much marketshare as possible while Intel is behind. Article states $5,400 ASP. Current gen top 32 core Epyc is $4619 and that's newegg pricing without bulk discount. I doubt the top 64 core Rome part will cost much more than $5K. Even if it cost say $7k there are still all the lower end Epyc which would bring the ASP down.
Sounds interesting. Will check it out! Thanks for the recommendation.
&gt; IS-3A is mediocre at best - gun stats are terrible and mobility is nonexistent, while armor is no better than regular IS-3's IS-3 armor is pretty decent. Mobility is not bad, it's definitely not a slow tank for a heavy. It's also faster than a SuperPersh? IS-3's gun does handle poorly, but for brawling it's more than adequate, which is what this tank is supposed to do. Against T10 tanks the tank is nothing special, but against its own tier it's incredibly powerful. I think the tank is OP compared to many of its VIII counterparts, but it's not game breaking as some have stated.
&gt; O-Ho, VK100.01, AMX 50-100, hull down T32 and Caern all are able to defeat IS-3A IS-3, A or non A platform in general was never a heavy tank to push and trade with those tanks head on. It's a heavy support tank. It's supposed to exploit its low profile and mobility to rush its opponents. Or to provide support to those tanks. Getting in occasional pot shots until a push happens. IS-3A is amazing in the role where it hangs behind heavy tanks or covers waiting for an opportunity to strike. For instance if your team makes a flank push IS-3A can just clean up damaged heavies by delivering devastating shots in short succession. Its auto-loader is basically a force multiplier in those situations. It's also pretty good at defending the same move from the opposing team. I am not a great player by any means, but I've used my IS-3A in this capacity to great success. It's quite potent used like this. It definitely feels OP when it can be used like this.
Sparkling water from a tap!
Sometimes you're forced to play an SPG because the missions require it.
&gt; I fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant and fill him with a terrible resolve - Isoroku Yamamoto
Cyber warfare is today's battlefield.
Xpoint isn't new, we've seen it in action already. And it's nowhere near as fast as they claim in practice. It's also not without competition. Samsung has Z-NAND for instance. Meh.
King Mierdas, literally everything he touches turns to shit.
What narrative? That kids should be separated from their parents and kept in cages?
Economist consensus is that his decisions are the reason market is crashing. Also he racked up an unbelievable debt. Both of these things are negatives, so it's hard to conclude that he knows what he's doing. He also doesn't read which is kind of a big handicap in any position of power.
Yeah I don't TK. But I felt it was justified in this case. It didn't harm the team, in fact it help the team get more XP. And even the victim got XP from me. So there was no harm in it whatsoever.
I am having that moment right now with IS-M. I usually play meds, but this heavy is quite fun to play. It's about the only tier 8 heavy tank (besides Lowe) that I don't mind being in T10 battles with. As it can still hang with the big boys. Also I am a sucker for rear mounted turrets.
Studzianki is the worst map ever created. I hate this map with the passion. No matter which lane you take there is always an angle you can be shot from. I've never had fun on this map.
Man, automatic extinguisher is so worth it. 20K silver is not much considering you don't burn every game. Unless perhaps you're driving one of those rear turreted tanks which burn all the time.
&gt; In those kind of tanks you have the armour to bounce incoming fire. 705A has great armor at a specific angle, not from the sides. And usually you angle it to prevent the close by enemy from penning you. Which means you are pretty exposed from the sides of the field. &gt; Inaccurate guns dont prevent you from shooting back either, you are just less likely to hit. That's an understatement. 0.44 dispersion on the 705A for instance means you rarely make those shots. The map is just very poorly thought out for one of the main archetypes in the game. The brawler heavy. Let's not even talk about arty just having free reign as well with no cover provided. The game is already slanted towards gun over everything, this maps just makes things worse.
I actually do this with all my female crews. But I make the captain male. Because I can't stand female voices.
I was grinding this line when they did that. And they did the same thing to me with Maus. Now I am stuck with Turtoise and VKB tier 9 tanks half way to tier 10 that I don't want to play anymore.
That Barca match was legendary. Not only because it was Messi's and Iniesta's Barca. But because of the comeback. It was one of the best games I ever watched.
&gt; pro-Apple there is no pro-Apple bias, Apple makes better phones and I say this as an Android user
Tariffs are affecting AMD. We'd probably be in $35 range now if it weren't for them imo. And not because AMD is particularly exposed to them, but because the whole market is bleeding and dragging AMD down with it.
what would sanctity of voting have to do with democracy, amiright?
Well said. People get hung up on "from scratch" or "brand new" as its supposed to mean everything is designed anew. Zen was a clean sheet design, but it still borrowed all the best of breed technologies AMD had up until that point. The novel branch predictor Zen has for instance was first tried in Jaguar cores. Infinity Fabric probably borrows a lot from Hypertransport.. etc. Similarly GCN has a lot of good stuff in it and like you said with lessons learned over the years they are able to free it of "technical debt".. trim the fat where it's not needed anymore, and do a new clean sheet design using the lessons learned designing an architecture from ground up targeting a different purpose (gaming as opposed to compute). I don't want to over-hype what this means myself, because we've been here before, with big hopes for Vega for instance. But it does look like AMD is doing all the right things, and Navi could be really good. But I will reserve my judgment for once its out.
Will never forget his master class performances in the CL. Good luck to him!
Looks like a pretty standard server CPU heatsink to me.
Look what happened to Johnny Depp. He lost lucrative contracts, and was thought to be the abuser. When in fact he was the victim of abuse.
r/titlegore
Yup. People on tight budget are more likely to OC anyways. When I was a broke student, Overclocking was a big deal to me back then. Now days time is money and I usually don't have time to mess with that stuff anymore. I just buy a top bin part. Stability is also important to me.
- They used to use STM (SG Thomson back then) fabs and worked together on some designs, but then when they no longer needed them, they did all sorts of untrue negative ads against them. - They threw TSMC under the bus and blamed them for Fermi being a dud. Even though AMD's 5870 came out like a year earlier almost and had no issues (in fact was a great card) on the same process. - They wouldn't own up to having a bad physical design of GPUs during the whole bumpgate fiasco. Nvidia GPUs used insufficient vias on their packaging and as a result all their GPUs were warping and developing contact issues causing GPUs to fail prematurely. You probably remember people putting their GPUs in the oven and fixing them that way. This was because bumpgate. Nvidia never owned up to that being their issue and blamed everyone else but themselves. Apple used to use both Nvidia and AMD GPUs in their Macs, but ever since bumpgate an Nvidia GPU was never featured in a Mac since. - Other than that they are just known to play dirty and not be very good for the ecosystem. They like vendor lock ins, they don't play nice with Open Source for instance (Hence Linus calling them the worst vendor). I mean far from me to feel bad for Intel as Intel has a history of being shady and doing illegal things. But Nvidia sued the hell out of them, and extorted billions from Intel. Pretty sure even Intel hates Nvidia more than AMD. We kinda know this actually as Jensen has been pretty vocal about hating the fact that Intel chose AMD for the Intel CPUs featuring Vega iGPUs. AdoredTV has a video that goes into details and more examples but these stick out. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0L3OTZ13Os
Do they work with dangerous chemicals? I din't think they did.
If they could coerce a witness to lie in order to lockup innocent people for life there is no telling what other stuff they have done in their careers. At the very least every case they were involved in needs to be re-examined. And if there is even a spec of doubt those people need to be exonerated as well.
&gt; There is nothing there that amounts to obstruction at all. Mueller himself has been pretty clear about it. If it weren't for the DOJ policy of not indicting a sitting president he would have been indicted. Mueller point blank said based on evidence President could not be exonerated from obstruction of justice. This is as strong as he could have been in his statement considering Trump cannot defend himself in court because he can't be indicted while he's a president. (Mueller also said this exact thing). &gt; It would be best for you to just let it go. I have no say in this, just like Trump has no say in this. He's going to have his day in court unless he manages to run out his statue of limitations. Then we will see where the chips fall, but based on that report it doesn't look good for him in the slightest. Obstruction of justice is a big deal.
*Look I am speaking out of my ass, and have nothing to support my claim, so I will call you a moron instead.* Ok.
I didn't edit the quote lol
FPGAs are a completely different paradigm. They are actually significantly slower than ASICs for general computing tasks. Where they excel is in fixed function acceleration. You can implement CPU cores in FPGAs for instance but they run slower than a proper ASIC core. Not to mention FPGAs which can emulate modern cores with billions of transistors don't even exist.
&gt; but it is not a CPU instruction set; Who the fuck said it was? Nobody. It's a GPU arch. &gt; it is not ARM It is ARM. As in ARM Holdings (the company) &gt; and has nothing to do with ARM other than being commonly placed on the same chip. It has everything to do with ARM. ARM designed it and ARM licenses it, just like they do with their CPU architectures.
I really don’t care for Icardi personally. Wages are too high, I’d rather we gave some youngster a chance. The whole team needs a revamp pretty much. It’s not like we even know what kind of players we need.
Last season he had 24 goals and 7 assists in all comps. This season with injury he had 14 goals and 11 assists. Most assists on the team if I am not mistaken. Yeah totally doesn't do anything but score. This also tells me that you actually never watched Dzeko play. &gt; His long passing is shaky at best Said no one ever about Dzeko. His crosses and long balls are amazing for a striker actually.
Look nobody is saying Dzeko had a good season (particularly not for his own standard). But let's not exaggerate things. His CL run was very good with 5 goals and 3 assists. The team regressed as a whole, with some pretty obvious examples. Soccer is a team sport.
&gt; to be fair YouTube is a monopoly, it should be state owned not private That's not how you deal with a monopoly. It should be broken up perhaps, but state owned? lol
I had to scroll so far down to read a sensible comment.
Sure, but I am judging them on what I can see. Not on what I can't see.
Rome probably wasn't ready when they put this together. As far as Vega is concerned. It makes sense. It supports virtualization, and I am pretty sure Google will use Stadia infrastructure for other things than gaming.
Also while Gorbachev wasn't exactly presented in the best of lights. He really wasn't too bad. Like he still listened to Legasov and spared no resources in dealing with the crisis. Sure a few moments make him look bad, but overall I thought USSR did everything within their power to mitigate the issue.
On a bit of a tangent. How is Legasov regarded in Russia? Is he a national hero? He should be in my opinion. Together with people who sacrificed themselves to correct the fallout.
85M is 105M today adjusted for inflation. It is still mental.
Why not? Inflation is anywhere from 2-4% annually in the west.
My Ryzen runs so cool I need these socks to keep me warm!
AMD socks for the beach Shintel socks for the winter. Got it!
Are you serious? I can't believe how much people overhype Icardi. He's more trouble than he's worth, I wouldn't even take him for free.
what the fuck is transfer inflation?
you're right, for some reason I equate ryzen gen to years passed. Still even 2+ years ago is a long time to remember all the sources.
He's not right though. 1800x is better than i5 in gaming and better than 7700k in productivity.
$799 is still a great price for my use case. If it works with a x370 motherboard, I am saving $200 on the motherboard as well. Also no need to upgrade the RAM either. This is quite a bit more performance to my 1800x rig.
Very good point. I always felt like AMD was leaving performance on the table sort of speak.
It's a great tech, hopefully more TVs will support it.
Generally when reviewers benchmark GPUs they usually do it in an open test bench, some like computerbase.de does it in a conventional tower case with proper ventilation. But in all those tests, blower will be worse in terms of noise and temps. I think someone did a comparison in a airflow constrained situation but I can't seem to find it. It's an interesting question, because it's a generally well accepted practice to use blowers in SFF cases for instance. Bitwit has a video on this topic however. Where he did conclude that blower cards keep the rest of your PC cooler: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiDZNT7mxLQ
It is really not that hard to upgrade the cooler. I have an Accelero extreme from back when I had a rx480.. so it wouldn't even cost me anything to upgrade it. Also rumor is Saphire will have aftermarket on day one.
For an SFF case you probably want a blower card anyways. Also you can undervolt and manage the fan curve to lower noise somewhat. Sure you'll lose some performance but usually not a lot.
It's alright. Pulling your leg a bit. I understand what you're saying, but I am conflicted on it. On one hand I would love to see AMD just price this thing so it sends shock waves. But on the other hand I am trying to be realistic, and as I mentioned, AMD should charge a fair price for the performance so that they can continue to innovate, because that gives us competition in the long run.
&gt; Thats always been one of the issues with radeon cards, which is their extremely variable performance on a game to game basis. Different architectures perform differently in different games. This is as much an "issue" for Nvidia as is for AMD. When Nvidia released Maxwell, it had variance like this compared to Kepler as well.
Better than expected. Price will be interesting.
&gt; This is why I left the "PCMR" scene. I mean I totally agree with what you saying, but PCMR is not about being in some tribe. Don't take it so seriously. It's mostly a joke. PCs have some unique advantages over consoles and consoles have advantages too.
RAL (Radeon Anti Lag).. what is that sorcery! Mind blown.
How exactly is 30% less latency useless?
It's significantly faster. It also has more VRAM.
No what I am saying is people who can't afford any of these GPUs will play on Stadia anyways.
Navi looks the part imo. It looks like a pretty decent architecture. I am glad AMD is not entering a price war with Nvidia. People just want AMD to drop the price of Nvidia cards but still buy Nvidia GPUs. Even at these prices, AMD is still offering more performance per dollar, also that anti lag thing looks intriguing to me.
&gt; Let's be honest. You're an AMD fan at the least. I have never heard an AMD fan describe the 2070 as being significantly faster than the 2060. But we're supposed to describe a card that fits between them (at best) as significantly faster than the 2070? Not sure why the personal AMD fan dig. I am just stating the obvious. Why would anyone bother making 2060 vs. 2070 comparisons when these are different product segments made by the same company? Comparisons are usually much more interesting when it's Nvidia vs. AMD in the same price bracket.
That might be true, but GPUs are getting harder to make. Moore's law is slowing down, and smaller nodes are harder and harder to manufacture. So both may be the case.
&gt; Nividia has the server GPU market locked down with CUDA, hard. Is this why they keep losing design wins to AMD? Xcloud, Stadia, OakRidge Frontier?
Source for the numbers? Also 2070 uses 190 watts when gaming according to Toms Hardware.
Agreed. But we the consumers as a whole are partly to blame as well. When AMD released the 5870, AMD should have had a 80% marketshare. Instead of 40% it achieved. Because 5870 was better in every conceivable way than the gtx280 which continued to outsell it. This is why the GPU competition is dead.
But what is their alternative? To sell the GPUs at slim margins and still not make a dent in the marketshare? This is a shrewd business and only obvious move they can make. Having tried to take the other route and fail miserably. Doesn't Steam survey show 1060 outselling rx480/580 14:1 or something ridiculous like that.
It's really important to understand the history to know how we got here today. 5870 wasn't the only generation that was a better buy. 4870 before it while not the halo was also an amazing card for the money. My point is this. AMD has tried to chase the bargain and it didn't work. In case of 5870 it was the best card in every conceivable way. It cost $379 and it was the fastest GPU in the world (it also had amazing efficiency). It was also the only DX11 GPU on the market. And yet gtx280 the old gen card still outsold it during its reign. I read somewhere today that Nvidia's R&amp;D budget is $800M, while AMD splits CPU and GPU R&amp;D from $250M. And we can probably guess CPU division gets more of that money. AMD simply needs money to compete. How is AMD going to compete? I gave the example of the last gen rx570/470.. which while having super thin margins and the best $$$/frame was still outsold by an order of magnitude. So it is evident that there is a large portion of GPU consumers who just don't even consider AMD in their purchasing decision. Those who do will buy a card which is a better deal. But it's pointless to throw good money after people who won't even consider AMD. AMD simply can't afford it.
common sense
&gt; You don't make profits by not selling products. You make even less profits by not selling products at super low prices.
&gt; The 1080 was a $500 card released 3 years ago Do people really not remember what the actual price was? 1080 was $699 3 years ago: https://www.anandtech.com/show/10325/the-nvidia-geforce-gtx-1080-and-1070-founders-edition-review $200 more than you claim. Nowhere near $500.
Yeah because why would anyone overclock on an overclocking motherboard?
&gt; it could be just be a prerendered frames setting that's available in nvidia's driver But the more you increase the prerendered setting the higher the latency. This to me sounds like an ability for a GPU to drop whatever frame GPU was rendering and render a new frame as soon as new player input is detected. Basically a change to frame queuing.
Still cheaper than a quad core i7.
Are you talking about Reduce Mouse Lag option? That works differently.. that option causes mouse readings to be on a quicker interval. It's not GPU related.
If they want more performance, sure.
&gt; Here's a groundbreaking idea for AMD: Make a good and competitive product on the top end. You're on superior node They have, the 5870.. and more people still bought Nvidia.
It was not one generation. It was two generations. 4870 and 5870.
&gt; 5700xt 225w tdp 7nm source?
While PCIE3.0 isn't the bottleneck, PCIE having twice the transfer rate could speed certain things up. Like loading textures for instance. So while the FPS will largely be unaffected.. some things could be faster on PCE4.0 even with the current crop of PCIE4.0 GPUs (Navi).
I am really curious to see the benchmarks of the full lineup. In a sense the more budget oriented parts are even more interesting because we don't know how well they will overclock. Usually the lower cost parts tend to have a higher overclocking headroom on the AMD side. Upgrading from 2200g is no doubt going to be a hefty upgrade no matter what you get. But comparing benchmarks is always good.
Why are people so hung up on the ISA? Zen was the same ISA and yet it was a complete from scratch design. What does the same ISA have to do with anything? It's just the programming model, the underlying implementation could be entirely different.
Sure. Though it is important to note that it appears there are some fundamental changes to the programming model (ISA), as described in this slide: https://i.imgur.com/dHDawbv.png
Or get you a fleet of Ryzen cores.
5700(xt) should be a significant upgrade over Fury X.
1080 is comparable to 2060 though, not 2070. https://www.techpowerup.com/reviews/MSI/GeForce_RTX_2060_Gaming_Z/32.html 5700 (non XT) will have MSRP of $379. And it looks to be 8% faster than 2060.
I agree with your overall conclusion. But large companies buy up smaller competition all the time, particularly in the network space. Just look at Cisco's acquisitions over the years: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_acquisitions_by_Cisco_Systems
I meant it has one character less than RTX 2080 TI
looks like a r9 290x to me
&gt; Nothing stops Nvidia from dropping prices It is harder for Nvidia to drop prices than AMD. This is because Nvidia already has 70% of the market. And dropping prices hurts them more than it hurts AMD. As it wastes more of their potential revenue. Power consumption seems to be similar. RTX and DLSS are useless on 2060 and 2070. AMD has, Radeon Chill, RAL, Fidelity FX, PCIE Gen 4... Also AMD can bundle their GPUs with the fastest CPU in the world.
Why pick 3950x those aren't going to sell in huge numbers anyways? You'd bundle it with a 3800x.
Yes. Windows is really big in the Test and Measurement field as well. Though this has been changing with things like LXI and proliferation of Python as the glue for scientific computing. Just to give you a bit of context. Test equipment organizations like CERN use is expensive. Some highly specialized equipment could be old and software for it could have been written ages ago. For instance the best high precision multimeter in the world is the HP 3458A, which has been around since 1989. As they age they actually get better with time due to their ultra low drift voltage reference aging and becoming more stable. Replacing them with new gear would be a downgrade.
Technically 5700 is the Polaris (rx480) successor at $379. This chip is bigger so the cut down version is more apples to apples.
That dent actually lowers noise apparently.
Rx480 and a matured 12nm rx580 are not the same. I literally remember Raja demonstrating 2x rx480s being as fast as a single 1080 on the stage with great crossfire scaling too. 5700 is about 10% faster than 1080. Also I was comparing rx480 it to 5070 not 5070xt.
I am sure these companies know more than we do, but also Nvidia teased it few a weeks back: https://www.tomshardware.com/news/nvidia-geforce-super-teaser-computex,39423.html
I agree. I think you'll be able to at least OC to 4.5 or 4.6Ghz on all cores depending on silicon lottery. Though where overclocking will be more exciting is the lower tier parts. Like the 3600x.
Actually based on this graph Navi is better at performance per mm^2 than Pascal too. OP's math misses the point. 1080ti is only 5% faster than 5700xt. But it would require 15% more die space. Even if you gave 1080ti 10% more clocks (which we don't know that it would get that much) that still puts them on par.
Point taken on the cut down CUDA cores. &gt; if AMD is only up to pascal in terms of performance then Nvidia is now nearly 2 generations ahead Thought we were talking about pefr per mm^2.. why the pivot to absolute performance? AMD could make a bigger chip. But that's a different topic. Nvidia regressed in terms of perf/mm^2 from Pascal to Turing. So what's to say they won't regress again as they add more vendor lockins? Also it's not like AMD is standing still either.
I don't know that I would agree with that. Radeon VII seems to do better vs. Nvidia on Linux than on Windows: Linux: https://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&amp;item=radeon-vii-linux&amp;num=11 Windows: https://www.techpowerup.com/reviews/AMD/Radeon_VII/28.html AMD's Open Source driver has been getting lots of love lately.
&gt; 7nm is like 3 times the density that's surprising, do you happen to have a source on this? Genuinely curious.
That feels like a century ago. In terms of number of scandals since then.
&gt; I don't want to dive in any political debate, but how did he have a lot to do with it? Oh, sorry I was being sarcastic. He clearly had nothing to do with AMD's reassurance. The groundwork for Zen started way before he was even a political figure.
I did click on it. That didn't help. But reinstalling the extension worked. This is on Firefox btw. Thanks!
Tehnicki i u ovom periodu ima to znacenje. Jer nigdje nepise da Bosnjak mora biti odredjene religije.
He always trashes Radeon. He absolutely shat no Vega (which to a degree deserved it), but Navi is a clear progress, but he continues to be negative about it. Like his power argument is way overplayed. 5700xt uses 5% more board power for 5% more performance compared to 2070. How in the hell is that not a good change? Sure Navi is on 7nm, but why should the consumer care, perf/watt is still very similar. Nvidia is nowhere near the 7nm GPUs of their own, so that architectural power disadvantage means nothing until it is. By then we may see Navi2 with improvements, we don't know.
I wouldn't go as far as calling it a success. I have explained here why I think the price is the way it is: https://www.reddit.com/r/realAMD/comments/c00c4b/navi_price_is_a_preemptive_response_to_super/ But I don't think it's a disaster, or "AMD not even trying". The way Jim puts it. Navi reminds me of Zen 1 very much actually. It attained parity with Nvidia (in the segment it competes with). Sure it may have needed a new process to achieve that, but it's a new architecture.. probably a lot left to tweak. Nvidia hasn't slept on their laurels the way Intel has, so things are a bit different from that perspective. Jim even gives a historical lesson which he himself ignores. First GCN card didn't achieve full potential either. They deserve a benefit of the doubt given what they've done on the CPU side. They may have cut power saving features to get to 7nm sooner. Because they knew the process would give them the power saving. Saying AMD is not even trying is overly negative in my view.
Yup. David Kanter is probably right on the money too. There is really no way to look at Navi and say it's a failure. It's definitely a step in the right direction in every metric. I understand that gamers are disappointed because it's not another Ryzen in terms of value disruption. Achieving the same thing with Navi as Ryzen has done is one of those once in a decade type events. A lot of things had to align for Ryzen to achieve that, not the least Intel being caught off guard. Navi to me looks very promising. AMD is taking all the right steps to improve their competitive position. This stuff isn't easy. Especially when considering the disparity in R&amp;D budgets.
2070 is a tier up from 1080. 1080 has the performance of the 2060.
So what? Do you care about the architectural details or the actual real world performance you can get today? Personally I don’t care how AMD achieves better efficiency, as long as it’s there.
I am keeping my eye on 5700 being a mid range champion in a few months honestly. Those stock clocks look low enough that it could be a great overclocker. Still think the price is a bit too high for people to embrace it. But I think once Nvidia's Super is out it will come down in price and I think people will take notice.
Maybe, maybe not. Factory overclocked 5700xt 50 anniversary edition is listed as only 10 watts more. We will see.
He’s right $100 GPUs have bad perf/$$$ because at that level the GPU size budget is restricted in order to get the GPU built in the first place. Like the PCB alone is 10% of the overall budget of the card. On a $500 GPU PCB is probably like 2% of the overall budget. And the PCB doesn’t make the game render faster, bigger GPU does.
Nah this is a smart move by AMD. They left themselves a nice buffer to be able to lower prices. If they do, it will actually make the GPUs more appealing. As the discount will look quite tempting. AMD are avoiding the Vega rx56 and 1070ti situation this time.
rx480 was actually slower than r9 390x. 5700 is 10% off being twice as fast as rx480. Apples and oranges.
Pretty sure you’re glossing over a significant performance uplift 5700 brings. 5600 will be a Polaris replacement it will be faster than rx480 at mainstream prices.
Those claims are usually done on proof of concept simple logic designs. They rarely translate into real performance figures. Also the gains are not inclusive. It’s usually 30% performance OR 60% perf/watt.. or somewhere in between depending on libraries used.
I could agree to an extent. Maybe wouldn’t go as far to say that they are massively overpriced. But they do seem to be milking it a bit. GPU margins don’t look to be that inflated when compared to CPUs. Navi GPU is 251mm^2.. zen 8 core chiplet is 70mm^2. And there is no VRMs and Memory included. Also good part of the cost is R&amp;D. As a consumer yes we all want more performance per buck. But this stuff could be genuinely getting more expensive to develop.
Just went and checked you’re right. Edited.
rx580 is difficult to compare because there is no reference card benchmarks that I can find. 5700 AIB could perform better. So that might be a bit unfair.
&gt; they will also likely cost more than the reference card This wasn't the case for rx580. And that's what I was referring to.
Totally deserved. As a stock investor who invested in the early 2016, I couldn't be happier with the way she and her team turned the sinking ship around into one of the most innovative companies in the world.
For sure. This is all based on what we know currently. And what we know currently hasn't been verified by the 3rd party reviewers.
I think he means APUs.
I am picking launch prices of GPUs in the similar price segment. I think that's pretty fair. How is Vega 56 which is being sold for peanuts to clear inventory a fair comparison? Fury was being sold for $240 when rx480 came out too and it was even faster. Vega 56 is going to be out of stock soon just how 1080ti dried up after RTX came out.
We’re just getting started baby.
I specifically stated that while Navi architecture isn't on part in terms of perf/watt the products are, due the 7nm advantage. So as far as products are concerned they are on par, at least until Nvidia releases their 7nm, which is coming, next year? p.s. I watched Adored's video.. he's lost the plot.
&gt; Good luck getting TSMC to speed up 5nm rollout. By the time 5nm rolls out, Navi2 may have improved efficiency enough to not even matter (they have already improved it by quite a bit from Vega). As it stands right now, AMD has caught up. Nvidia was happy staying on 12nm and they have to settle for the current situation until their 7nm is ready. This stuff doesn't happen over night.
&gt; Lisa isnt making more on the gpu side at all lol. You do realize that datacenter has much better margins?
I think it's a good idea. CPUs last a long time.. it's worth a month of a wait to get the next big leap.
I invited you to r/realAMD . We try to keep Nvidia astroturfers out (only approved posters can post). I even had one slip up and out himself in a conversation in r/amd: https://www.reddit.com/r/Amd/comments/c0iedw/new_gfx1011_gfx1012_targets_appear_in_amdgpu_llvm/er5qsd2/ Every Radeon launch r/amd turns into shit with all the Nvidia astro turfers. This is their job to try and shift the narative and paint Radeon GPUs in the bad light. It only happens with AMD's new GPUs.. CPU launches will have random Intel fanboys but nothing like this.
&gt; Didn't know this was a thing. Do you have to be invited to comment there or what? Yup, only approved posters can post. We have like over 4K people vetted and invited though. &gt; I think at least half of those are people who already own a current NVidia GPU and are trying to justify their purchase. They were impatient and gave into the NVidia marketing, now anything less than a 2080ti contender at half the price is labeled DOA. Otherwise, they'd have to admit that they made a mistake. There is a lot of that for sure. Nvidia has been caught paying Astroturfing firms in the past though too.
Wait so FFVII comes out in March next year? Never done FF games but something tells me I should give this one a try. Next year will be awesome for games.
What’s wrong with b450? If you want to pinch pennies on the motherboard chances are you don’t need Pcie Gen 4. Heck I will probably use my x370 motherboard.
&gt; And isn't the Vega 56 already a 2060 competitor? And it costs LESS than the 5700! AMD is clearing old stock. Fury was also cheap when rx480 came out until it was no longer in stock. Navi is a great step forward for AMD. It's a much better architecture than Vega.
If you're having driver stability issues try to use DDU to clean out your drivers and install from scratch. Also don't hesitate to try older drivers if the problem still persist. On my Vega Radeon drivers have been rock solid for me. Not sure why you're having issues downvolting but it could be a compatibility issue. Try using a 3rd party tool as well, maybe Wattman doesn't support your particular card. When I had an rx480 I played on 1440p with it. The way I achieved best performance with it after undervolting/overclocking was by disabling AA (1440p is high enough resolution for me to not see anny jagged edges, and lowering shadow quality if needed).
HD 5870: - first 40nm high end GPU - competing with 65nm gtx280 cards - runs circles around competition - fastest GPU in the world - very power efficient for the performance - first multimonitor support (eyefinity). - first DX11 card - $379 (cheapest flagship since) - outsold by gtx280 line during the time it was the best. that's what happened. A lot of enthusiasts bought HD 5870 because it was the best in every way imaginable. But vast majority of uninformed gamers just buy Nvidia. They don't even consider AMD. AMD made no money despite having a superior product. The money for R&amp;D has to come from somewhere. And with masses blindly buying Nvidia, it's not coming from PCs.
gtx1080 is 2% faster than 2060. 5700nonXT is 8% faster than 2060. 5700 is actually right between 2060 and 2070.
I had the 5870 as well, what a beast of a GPU that was. GTX 780 was my biggest regret. Paid top dollar for it, and it was outpaced by midrange cards over night, totally should have bought a 290x instead.
&gt; RX580 is noticably faster is really misleading people. Show me a gaming benchmark where this is true?
60cu would be enough to beat 2080ti. They don't need 80cu, nor do they need HBM.. 512-bit memory bus would be more than enough.
&gt; At the end of the day, both companies have plenty of faults to go around. I think one guy's public speaking gaff pales in comparison to a litany of Nvidia's premeditated offenses. Like the wooden screw incident, bumpgate, gtx970..
Don't consoles do some pretty clever upscaling that works quite well?
Small Vega is not bad in terms of perf/watt it's scaling it to bigger GPUs that exacerbates the inefficiency. Though Navi would be better in terms of memory bandwidth efficiency as well which could be a big help to APUs.
You know you don’t have to buy an expensive card. You can pick a Fury Nano off eBay for $120 and play all the recent games at 1080p or 1440p without issues. The sheer choice of options for all the budgets has literally never been better.
When did AMD say it was a Polaris successor? They didn't even compare it to Polaris, all the comparisons were done vs. Vega. Also the die is small for 14nm.. but this is 7nm.
I am not forgetting anything. Polaris was $249, 5700xt is 90% faster (near double the performance) at $449. I don't see how it could be considered a Polaris replacement. Say a $239 card delivering 30% uplift over Polaris seems like a much more sensible Polaris successor. Basically a 1660ti (gtx1070) competitor would be a Polaris replacement.
It will be a long time before we see the returns like we got from Planar 28nm switch to 16nm FinFet.
It's not great I agree. But the cost of shrinking is going up. You may have to wait for 2 shrinks to really get a substantial upgrade for the same money.
Yeah, games like Witcher 3 are far and few in between. Cyberpunk 2077 will be fun. I hope AMD release a 5800 by March next year. Because I would be all over that.
Klickköder
Someone make a Ryzen 3000 laptop with Navi. Would buy in a heartbeat. Just as long as it has classic styling, no num pad or "gaming" sharp edges.
I would pay $2000 for the same exact laptop, with a Ryzen 3600x (zen2 based) and mobile Navi 5700 in a heart beat. The rest of the features are perfect for my needs. I run Linux on my laptops and I don't want Nvidia binary blobs.
I've always felt (and I am not the only one). That AMD's GPUs produce better colors. It was quite noticeable when I moved from gtx780 to rx480. But yes architecturally they are quite different.
Ahh.. so this is like a machine/auto-generated spec?
&gt; And i should also mention that i slightly overclocked it, with a little extra voltage. Sounds like your overclock isn't stable. Also R9 290 is an older card, have you re-applied the thermal paste on the cooler lately? It's possible that it has dried up. Personally I would not run Furmark, particularly on overvolted GPUs. That thing is a power virus and could damage your GPU.
Oh yeah, trackpad is a must for me. I don't mind having a trackpoint either but as long as it's in addition to trackpad.
The laptop showcased in the video was a low power gaming laptop. Not a desktop replacement. I don't mind if they power throttle it.
Keep in mind Ryzen 3000 series is just around the corner. And it's looking quite good based on what we know right now. B350 motherboard should be supported but you will have to upgrade your BIOS to support the new CPUs. Any ways you can find out the exact motherboard model?
It's important to note that this is for Q4 2020. There are other reasons for constrained capacity other than demand. Like existing Fabs being converted to a 7nm node.
If AMD can supply the whole world with Xbox and PS chips, I am sure they can supply a good portion of market with CPUs as well. They use TSMC and TSMC supplies half the world with mobile SoCs. AMD is also not just restricted to TSMC, they could also use Samsung.
/r/buildapcforme
It's not just about compression, it's also about better cache hierarchy and cache hit rate. Navi has definitely improved on this aspect.
He had a nice little GPU with amazing performance for the money, now he's going to enjoy watching his money burn as Navi rolls out.
Do people really use num pads for gaming? Like WoW is a shortcut heavy game.. when I was competitive in Arena and when I played it I used to have like over 20 shortcuts on my Warlock. Was like 2000+ rated as well. And I never ran out of keys. Like I don't even understand the logistics of it. If you use your right for the mouse, and your left for WASD and surrounding keys, how do you even reach the num pad?
Hmm I think you might be right, I remember reading something about it.
Could they "heave to" or was it too late?
Buy a used Vega 56 off ebay.
Interesting, Navi 14 doesn't have a LITE variant.
So because your region gets boned on prices by the local distributors, we can't talk about actual MSRPs?
A fab has never caught up after losing a lead. There is a reason TSMC is in the lead. They have amazing talent. The guy who invented FinFet works at TSMC (Chenming Hu). This is a type of market which thrives on scale. Investing billions of dollars for small advancements can only be done if you have large scale demand. This is why smaller fabs have been either going out of business or consolidating. But it's also why TSMC thrives, because their technology is open to everyone, and because they have slowly but surely built up a technological lead thanks to the great in house talent. Intel seems to be trying to claw back their lead, but It's going to be very tough. I give them a less than 50% chance. In the end we may only have TSMC and Samsung.
You're right, It's actually cheaper per core.
You can buy a CPU with less cores.
Vega architecture while good for compute is not the best for gaming. You could have gotten more performance from Nvidia. However: AMD makes some very solid cards in terms of VRM design and just the quality of the components they use in the GPUs made by them. And as you mention this was one of your primary concerns when buying the card. 16Gb may or may not be a major factor in the future, but extra VRAM doesn't hurt. Also while Radeon VII isn't a bargain, it's really not priced badly for what you get. So objectively speaking I don't think you made a mistake.
TiN is awesome. I used to talk to him about voltnut stuff (metrology). He has mad skills and patience when it comes to restoring old test equipment. I have built one of his ultra stable voltage references: https://xdevs.com/article/kx-ref/ Been ageing it for a few years now. TiN is a really cool dude.
Same is true for AMD.
Just plug your monitor cable into the GPU instead of the motherboard.
There are a lot of people who buy Intel/Nvidia who don't even consider AMD. I do call that ignorant. But I have no problem with anyone who buys whatever brand they want.
I agree. If there is one place where folks overspend in my opinion is motherboards. Most folks don't LN2 OC. With that said, features like dual bios are really nice. I would rather spend $50 less on the motherboard and invest that into a higher quality PSU.
Wouldn't be a dedicated chip, but most likely fixed function acceleration hardware within the main chip (SoC). For instance modern CPUs have AES acceleration for encryption/decryption.
No way of knowing until we actually see the final product.
It's a year and a half away. Navi+?
Going bigger can have adverse effects on circuits which need to react quickly to the change of conditions. Also ESR can be a factor as well. But generally speaking in most cases it doesn't hurt, you're right, because most circuits are optimized for cost and they will often go lower capacity than not when it comes to derating.
Zen2 cores aren't weak. They have more IPC and offer better security. The power they use is weak but that's a good thing.
I had my RAM running at 2933Mhz the first week. Wasn’t even Samsung b-die which worked out of the box with no tweaks. Definitely didn’t take a year to sort out. Basically if you checked your motherboard compatibility list and got that ram you were set.
7700k is behind the curve already in newer games. Not enough cores.
It is true. Hardware Unboxed just literally did a retrospective on 7700k and the CPU is already being maxed out on newer games. In some games the lows are suffering already because 4 cores isn't enough. Situation is even worse on quad cores without hyper-threading. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yh6NvJZjLI0 If you own a 7700k I guess you probably have a year or so. But I would not be investing in a dead platform. If you want to run games smoothly that is. If you don't care about hickups and stutters than carry on. Also keep in mind, these benchmarks are done on pristine OS installs with nothing running in the background. In reality most users have tons of stuff running in the background.
The CPU was being maxed out in newer games 2 years ago. Like all cores pegged at 100%. The situation is getting worse as you can tell from that video. Also these chips aren't cheap either. Suggesting people get a quad core in 2019 is simply a bad advice. Maybe if you could find it under $100 I would understand, but at $300+? You must be crazy.
Seasonic Platinum. Expensive but amazing.
cough, cough Oracle
&gt; the fact they use percentage difference instead of absolute values for comparisons is scummy They should probably release both to the journalists so that they can report on them. But I can see why someone would use percentages, they are much easier to understand.
Fun fact: even Pjanic's first born son is named after Dzeko.
More like, I wish AMD forced Nvidia to drop prices so that I can buy Nvidia cards for less.
Plus all that IO and cache. This is why ARM is going nowhere fast in the datacenter.
That Audi definitely has better looks.
Also no President ever has used a foreign adversary to hack his opponents to help him win an election.
&gt; The accident occurred following an accidental gybe in very rough seas while the crew were lowering the headsail. The crewman was initially secured to the yacht by his tether, but before the crew could recover him on board his tether hook distorted and released. After the fall overboard, the skipper, who was on the helm, tried to slow the yacht and manoeuvre to recover the crewman but his ability to do so was limited as a result of damage sustained during the gybe. The crewman was recovered 32 minutes later but sadly with no signs of life. Holly shit, everything that could have gone wrong, went wrong for this poor guy. - accidental Gybe - he was tethered and his tether malfunctioned - Gybe damaged the boat so they couldn't turn the boat immediately - Even still they got to him only 32 minutes later but it was too late.
I love how his Boston accent shows when he says: Chihuawher
I actually don’t think the GPUs are overpriced. Like they could be cheaper but I don’t think they are expensive. Like Vega 56 for less than $300 is amazing value.
I am glad he does because it’s the one thing hurting democratic chances the most.
We don't know if they will be more expensive.
3200Mhz seems to be the sweet spot in terms of price and performance.
More like completely irrelevant.
Like that’s not just A for effort. That’s seriously well done. Nice work!
I didn't forget how bad George Bush was.
Been building PCs for 30 years. I can’t believe this is still a thing.
A 16”, 16 core 7nm Ryzen, 5700 Navi, MBP without touchbar. One can only dream.
&gt; Windows 10 is far superior to Mac’s OS You mean the OS that spies on you and collects data and the OS that reboots your computer whenever it wants? Windows is a toy OS. Not for professionals. Gaming only.
I think you misunderstood what I was saying. I was saying that, it's unbelievable that after 30 years this hasn't been standardized yet. I've never used one of these universal adapters either.
Phenom II was a good chip, but it’s time man.
Maybe they charge by a headphone left and right separately.
Higher education (which is what we’re talking about) is free in Sweden for instance.
I don’t have a strong opinion on the topic either way. But I do think we spend money in worse ways than investing in the country’s future. And for the record I would not benefit from such a bill. I have no loans I can’t cover in a few days. When I was young I went to work instead of continuing my education, because I needed money and I didn’t want to saddle myself with debt. Would have stayed in school if the education was free though.
Erasing debt for higher education? Am I missing something? Is he proposing to pay off your mortgage?
I don’t think there is even a chance of that not bring the case. 5700xt should be easily 20% faster than Vega 64 liquid.
I mean we were over $30 like a week or so ago. Not really bag holding.
&gt; Based on that logic, anyone who uses margin is now gambling? Using margin should never be your only option. Like perhaps you have stock (say a relatively safe index fund) that you don't want to touch (as its accruing dividends) so you use margin to make some plays. That's fine because you have access to your stock in case things don't pan out. Playing with margins with no coverage or other means to cover on the other hand is gambling. Your case is a perfect example actually. You are now stuck. I realize people are piling on you, so I won't really criticize you anymore. I do hope you sort things out with the IRS. And think of your predicament and how to avoid it in the future.
As a Roma fan, a tear rolls down my cheek. Thanks for everything Edin!
This is what I heard as well.
Nvidia had a trailer with the word Super in it. So something is coming, but everything else is speculation.
There is a rumor of Intel price cuts once Ryzen 3000 drops, but may I ask why go with Intel if AMD (by the looks of it) will still offer a better perf/dollar?
That's a good starting point. However I do see one issue. 2400g has a pretty powerful (for an integrated one) integrated GPU. In fact it is actually more powerful than the memory bandwidth available on the PC. I noticed you only chose one stick of RAM. This means you will only be using one channel of your two channel DDR4 system. Cutting the max memory bandwidth in half. Since the iGPU is integrated into the CPU, this means both the CPU and GPU share the same main DDR4 memory. So it's really important that you use both channels. You can pick two memory sticks with 4Gb each if the budget is tight. Or get 16Gb of RAM buy just buying an additional 8Gb stick.
Ok but still doesn't answer my question. Why buy a worse product for more money? (if that ends up happening)
He found enough evidence of obstruction of justice but when it came to proving collusion he fell short.
AMD has caught up to Nvidia in GPUs for the most part. In some ways they are ahead. Like the fact that they have done the transition to 7nm already.
It's a more advanced node whichever way you look at it. So AMD is ahead in the process technology. It does give them a competitive advantage too. 5700xt is faster and cheaper than 2070.
We can only speculate as to the costs. But as far as the consumer is concerned the advantage of 7nm is clear. There is no way you can spin it as not being an advantage.
&gt; It’s weird how you claim with certainty that the advantage of 7nm for the consumer is clear without explaining how. I did explain. They get a better performing GPU for less. &gt; AMD’s 7nm GPU doesn’t give the consumer something that they couldn’t already have 10 months ago This argument is really getting old. It adds nothing to the argument at hand. You could have gotten 2060 performance from a 980ti 4 years ago. Does that mean Nvidia shouldn't make a 2060?
&gt; Exactly: they get a better GPU. The consumer does not. How is getting more performance for your money not something a consumer gets? To pretend otherwise is disingenuous at best.
I knew it was bad, but I didn't know it was this bad. Damn, really puts it in perspective.
We will legit be unrecognizable next season. So many players gone.
&gt; If you own your own domain, you can have an unlimited number of email addresses. But that also means they can block ban all those accounts associated with that domain at once.
This is a small sub, but the userbase has been growing over time: https://i.imgur.com/Qr2k6OK.png
&gt; Peddling falsehoods to support an agenda (of any kind) is not allowed. [Saying that rx590 is 3 years old is a falsehood.](https://i.imgur.com/0pe1EGG.png) &gt; Be respectful to one another. Stick to the reddiquette please. [Calling people stupid and fanboys violates this rule.](https://i.imgur.com/6WLGe26.png) Those two rules (see sidebar) are reasons for which the user was banned. And I stand by the decision.
yeah, it's kind of unbelievable, new reddit is terrible
Even if that was true 590 is a 12nm chip, not available in 2016. Also there is the other violation as well.
Yes.
Pins on the CPU make motherboards cheaper. So it saves you money if you're not a brute who bends pins.
I am waiting for 3950x.. 'make -j32' here I come.
*I also sexually assaulted a horse in Berlin*
rx570 was the best perf/$$$ card from last generation yet it was one of the least sold. I think even rx580 outsold it. 1060 and 1050ti outsold it by leaps and bounds. And people wonder why there is no Polaris replacement. And why 5700 targets a higher price bracket. This is why.
I finished watching it like 30 minutes ago.
What a jerk.
He is pro science, he's just a bit of a Luddite, who pokes fun of our reliance on technology.
Lu.Pellegrini is quality. If he can get ahead of his injuries he has great potential.
Now that Ryzen 3000 destroys in cs:go watch how it will no longer be relevant.
My 1800x never goes above 65C. Granted this is with Noctua d-15. In either case you should not be going over 80C. I would use rubbing alcohol to clean the CPU and socket.. and apply a thin layer of fresh thermal compound again. Make sure the alcohol dries before turning the computer back on. Just remember twist before pulling the hestsink of the CPU to break the bond.
Yup. My favorite candidate so far. Also it would be amazing to see a law and order Democrat like Harris defeat the current Mafia occupying the executive branch.
rx500 series came out at the height of the mining boom.. but rx470 was the same card.. for instance: https://camelcamelcamel.com/Sapphire-Radeon-Nitro-Graphics-11256-10-20G/product/B01N0MI5PY?context=search &gt; Ive seen this argument and people are hilarious if they think this new strategy of higher priced GPUs will work in AMDs favor. Well the old strategy clearly didn't work. On the back of what appears to be a highly successful Ryzen 3000.. the new strategy will at least improve margins if nothing else.
All I care about is winning at this point. And a too new age progressive of a candidate will energize the republicans and alienate the independents imo. Democrats are their own worst enemies.
He doesn’t seem to push his anti vaccine agenda though. I only heard him bring it up once on his show and it was sort of in a passing. Whereas he brings up climate change all the time.
&gt; The African American turnout was fine. Don't think it was. Obama won FL for instance. African American voters did not turn up for Hillary in FL. Hillary did win the debates, but she didn't exactly destroy Trump the way I think Harris would. &gt; The the fact that Bill Clinton and Obama won as outsiders who got the base motivated while the safe/insider candidate has repeatedly lost (Kerry, Hillary, Mondale, Gore). Obama was very much a moderate. He was an outsider sure, but so is Harris. She's not Biden or Bernie.
How was the storm, did you make it?
That’s just the thing I think they will sell a similar number if GPUs as before. There is a hard core group of those who only buy AMD as well. Guys who use Linux, MacOS, or those who despise Nvidia for their poor ethics. AMD can also bundle the GPUs with Ryzen.
Good for him. He turned the hate money into something positive.
&gt; Nevertheless: For me this is another sign that Navi 10 with it's small 250mm² chip is totally overpriced. People forget that AMD is still broke. This is their chance to build a war chest. CPUs have much better margins so it would be dumb for them to enter a price war over GPUs when they don’t even have enough money to buy CPU wafers they need (recently AMD took out a $500M loan for this purpose). This is on top of their existing $1B+ debt they have.
I’d go for the middle one.
How is that “barely competes”? When it is slightly faster than a $599 2070 FE for $150 less?
&gt; yeah pick the FE price when it suits the narrative Your argument is full of ifs and conjectures. Oh the irony. Lol I am comparing apples to apples with what’s on the market. 2070 FE is a binned card and it’s what 5700xt seems to be slightly faster than. You are saying Navi barely competes against the products which haven’t even been announced.
Depending on the headphones you have there is a difference in sound quality between a nice amp and an amp smartphone manufacturer just decided to put in your phone. But I don't see a point either on the go. The background noise in public is enough to erase any small difference in sound quality you may get.
- MD+ or Campfire Nova for daily listening while I work. - Fostex t20pr when I feel like wearing over ear, daily listening - ER4XR for travel (air) - Tons of Chifi IEMs (I own all the popular models pretty much) I have throughout the house, for listening to TV via Roku remote, or listening to podcasts while I workout And then I just have a collection of headphones I just occasionally take out if I want to do some critical music listening. Like if I want some metal I will usually listen to my Mad Dogs since they have nice veiled highs but with plenty of detail in them. Or the k7xx for some blues or jazz.
Kad istoricari kazu devedesete.. oni govore o period od 90-99. Znaci kalendarski neispravno.. ali po njihovom je to ispravno.
I am referring to the the discussion in this thread, about feasibility of scaling GDDR6 to a 512bit interface. My comment has nothing to do with HBM. HBM is a completely different beast.
A lot of people are experiencing W3 for the first time thanks to the Witcher Netflix show.
Imagine being as wrong as this guy and still keeping your job.
Actually I think TAM is increasing as well. Because AMD is forging ahead. The more powerul and advanced the CPUs the more folks are inclined to upgrade. The faster the progress the bigger the TAM.
That makes no sense. If you listened to this guy you would have lost money. Lost money on the best performing stock on the market. The guy is terrible with a terrible track record. And should be fired. &gt; Try cover another stock and compare your results with this guy. The difference between me and this guy is that I know when I am out of my depth.
Not so sure. Because only thing AMD fabs on 7nm is the core chiplet. I/O die is fabbed at GloFo. The CPU chiplet is pretty small.
I think Roma can't afford not to give Under time. Selling a player on a dip in form is not good business.
3DS existed then. I still love my 3DS.
Saddam was a bad guy as well. Killing him without a strategic plan was a disaster as well.
You're a wizard!
I would go with the XFX card. XFX just does GPUs and they usually do a great job designing the cooling solution for the GPU. If that's not the option then go with the ASUS one. MSI Armor GPUs have undersized coolers and can run hot and loud.
Jim has been overly harsh on AMD GPUs for awhile. Sure AMD is behind in terms of having a halo, but Navi is honestly been a great architecture. If AMD implement RDNA2 the way that patent from a while ago describes I think it will usher a new era of ray traced games. I am actually really stoked to see what Navi2 brings. As far as 5700 and 5700xt cards go, they are selling well and they are good cards. It's the first step for a new architecture and I think AMD hit all the marks, except for power consumption. Even though clocked slightly less they have great efficiency actually. Performance per transistor is better than Nvidia's. So no matter how you look at it it's a huge step for gamers compared to Vega. I expect that once Ray Tracing is adopted by consoles Nvidia's super cards being sold today (particularly the mainstream parts).. won't have enough RT resources to play the ray traced games sufficiently well. Those who bought 5700xt with no ray tracing would have looked like smarter buyers.
Seriously why can't we not overdouse the pitch at Olympico? Everyone was slipping in the 1st half, Torino defenders and Florenzi.
&gt; But they did anounce that they'd be in Apple desktops? They were already in Apple desktops. It's not a new design win.
I think this is only true in the first year. The price of components falls over time, and so they start turning profits as time goes by. With that said. The console profit isn't the main source of revenue for manufacturers, but game licensing.
The whole computer is off balance. Drives me crazy. An I literally never use the numad since I have numbers on the main keyboard where my hands are already positioned all the time. I tried to get used to it and I literally has to buy a different computer. Like I kept having to use the computer at an angle which caused glare and all kinds of issues. And I couldn't use it on my lap because the thing would flip I have no idea how these computers exist.
Even more puzzling is how is the shipping so cheap? Ever tried to send a package to freaking Canada from US? It's like $10 for even an envelope. These guys charge $1 shipping across the world. I think China subsidizes shipping in order to flood the US markets.
Literally WW3 was never mentioned on CNN. And they literally have actual reporters on the ground in both Iraq and Iran. All they've been talking about is how to de-escalate the situation. CNN may not be a good news station but at least they do actual News. Fox news is a fucking joke.
&gt; After using even a cheap modern digital scope, this is painful to use. Surely you can't be serious. Ergonomics are great on these old scopes. They are limited in terms of functions, but being painful to use is not how I would describe it. They are absolute joy to use compared to the Rigol junk. Don't get me wrong, I am not saying one shouldn't buy a Rigol scope. They offer tremendous value, but they are what I would call painful to use, not these analog beauties which have zero lag, and give you nice tactile feedback.
*Bill's feminist lady voice
Yup, I do watch HardwareCanucks for PC case reviews. You're right, they do a good job with cases.
All Obama had to do was be born white. What a douche.
Telling someone not to buy overpriced junk shouldn't be a bannable offense on any sub.
Missed it, oops.
&gt; Because physics scores on benchmarks do not line up with or predict gaming performance. Hmm what if all you play is Kerbal Space program. Or some other physics heavy game? Are people really that stupid to not be able to tell a gaming physics benchmark from a graphics gaming benchmark?
Just the opposite. You are the one who's easily misslead, if you think this is missleading. I know precisely what the benchmark shows (I am a developer).
It's been great to see his growth as a player. When he's on he's an absolute joy to watch. I hope he continues to play well for us for years to come.
I still think FB gets replaced by something else like Myspace did. I view FB like AOL of today.
To add to your point. Under the current leadership large corporations were given huge tax breaks to bring the offshore money in. This is tax avoidance which could have been used for social programs to help the poor. Yet no stipulation was put on how corporations can use this money which should have been taxed. One way they could have used the money is to give their employees raises.This is the lie called Trickle Down economics. But instead they bought back stock with it. Inflating the stock market and benefiting the shareholders. When you consider that 50% of Americans don't even own stocks it is pretty easy to realize that this money is just further increasing the wealth gap. Giant wealth gap is how societies fall.
First comment you linked is trolling (and I can see it being removed), 2nd one not so much. IMO It's even upvoted, and banning such opinions would be too much censorship which I think you agree with.
Too bad Blon BL-03 ergonomics suck. They constantly keep popping out of my ears. I have regular ears, out of 50 pairs of IEMs no other headphone does this. So be warned.
Do you hate Soy Farmers?
I switched from Macs to using PC laptops due to not having an AMD CPU and because they removed the physical Esc key from the keyboard (which is now back). If Apple releases an AMD MBP.. I am getting it.
Intel's situation is slightly better because more folks care about single thread than multithread. But Bulldozer also wasn't a security nightmare Intel cores are.
&gt; Analog devices, they make good DACs And since they now own Linear, they also make killer precision Op Amps and Voltage References.
- Toyota (head and shoulders when it comes to dependability over anyone else) - Dick (knives) - Fluke (Multimeters) - AMD (CPUs and GPUs) - Etymotic (headphones) - Makita (power tools)
You can definitely tell that their team has great cohesion. They really play well together.
Diving in soccer is actually pretty rare. And it's highly frowned upon. r/soccer actually has a joke award called Fallon d'Floor for every time it happens (it's a joke name after Ballon d'Or which means Golden Ball awarded to the best player each year). Feel free to search r/soccer for Fallon d'Floor nominations to see how often it happens. (once every few months, which is pretty rare considering the whole world plays Soccer, there are literally thousands of professional soccer matches every day). Also Soccer is actually quite a demanding sport. It requires impeccable physical fitness and toughness at the highest levels. Also those who don't follow soccer don't really understand that slightest touches with studded shoes hurt like a motherfucker. https://i.imgur.com/D8tKbDJ.jpg And freak injuries are quite common as well. Don't actually feel like posting those because they will gross people out. One of NFL's best players: https://i.imgur.com/XKOifGU.jpg One of Soccer's best players: https://i.imgur.com/0stzzEY.jpg Soccer players wear no protection other than shin pads. Team I follow had a player break his cheek and eye socket just recently from contesting a header. And he finished the match contesting headers with basically a broken face. People who think Soccer is for wusses literally only show their ignorance. It's by far the most competitive non-combat sport in the world. If you want to ridicule a sport for being weak, how about Baseball? You can have a beer gut, chew tobacco and carry a towel in your back pocket while playing at a professional level. Also you can become a world champion without playing any other country.
GPU is limited by system RAM bandwidth. Don't think they can put in more without being bottle-necked on the frame buffer (these new cores are 56% faster according to AMD so it's the reason why they put less of them in the APU). They could however use a non-APU Ryzen for more cores, and just use a discrete mobile GPU.
He went to the World Cup with Bosnia.
&gt; and the benefit AMD got going from 14 to 7 will apply to Nvidia Unless Nvidia has architectural improvements, the benefit is actually not that big. RDNA for AMD has been an entirely different beast. When Nvidia switched from 28nm to 16nm there was a big upgrade in clocks thanks to FinFet. 7nm actually has slightly lower clocks than 16nm.
Wasn't aware of that. Such a pointless purchase too.
&gt; We know how some players cannot come back at 100% like they were before injuries like this and it would be so sad if it’s the case for him... You are right of course. But the medicine has gotten better. Of course there is the mental aspect of such trauma.
Trucks transport way more stuff than ships. Like 83% of the food America consumes is grown in America. And food is probably the biggest good transported by trucks. Plus everything that comes via ships still has to be moved by trucks.
This was when the stock was $13? It was clearly not overvalued lol.
It is, but AMD (and TSMC) aren't standing still this time. Also even if Intel fixed their problems over night. I am convinced they would only achieve parity with AMD. Because Intel isn't going to surpass TSMC over night. Which means even the worst case scenario looks good for AMD. Because even with equal product they can achieve their marketshare goals. Old days when Intel could fuck up the architecture and then come back because they had a superior fab node are over. And they are likely never coming back.
Hope you're right. Hope he wins. He's definitely my #1 choice.
XFX doesn't get enough praise. To me they are just as good if not better than Sapphire.
Of course it could work. Why wouldn't it? Asus is making a laptop with a Ryzen CPU (non APU) and an Nvidia GPU. This machine is basically a laptop form factor Nuc like box. They could absolutely fit a 3950x (with scaled back clocks to match 65 watt envelope) and a RX 5700M in it if they wanted. It would cost too much for the market these target, but it's absolutely doable.
Are you retarded? A comment ago I explained to you that I was already responding to a hypothetical. So yes OF COURSE we are talking about hypotheticals. But possible hypothetical nonetheless.
It matters, because they are telling the world they are good people. When most of them are tax cheats who aren't paying their fair share. And if they did, perhaps there would be no need for random donations to take care of problems that shouldn't even exist in a modern society.
It does play a factor. The screens they choose, the SMPS they design... However the people who designed an Intel laptop are the same people who designed an AMD laptop. So we're talking same level of expertise. No different from Server systems. Dell designed the Epyc server. And that Epyc server trashes Intel server they designed in efficiency. Apples to Apples AMD wins in efficiency hands down.
Person you're responding to is 100% right and you should listen to his advice.
How's buying a "vokswagon" in any way not good for the economy? Someone buying a $30K car is definitely better than depositing $30k in a bank account for the economy. Banks were given hundreds of billions during recession and they just sat on that money not borrowing it out.
Your number are off. 270 is not a mid range card. Here is an article about its launch.. it's called a budget card in it: https://www.pcworld.com/article/2062435/amd-rounds-out-its-low-end-radeon-graphics-cards.html 480/470 is lower mid range or entry level depending on how you look at it. 1070 for instance was considered an upper mid range card. Eurogamer wrote: &gt; The Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 is a popular upper mid-range graphics card, around 35 per cent faster than the number-one GTX 1060 but about 20 per cent slower than the enthusiast GTX 1080. It came out at $449. So anything from $200 to $500 can be considered mid range. Also you're using MSRP but for instance 290x cost up to $900 at the release and it took a long time for its prices to go down. The GPUs have gotten more expensive to make. So the prices are going up. There is also inflation. $500 10 years ago is $580 today.
Not as many as Traorés though.
20% less masks, but I think there are other increases in up front costs. But maybe I am wrong. Hard to confirm.
The dude is not a TV presenter but a cop. He may have not have worded that with most care, but he was in a situation under the influence of adrenaline most likely, because he had just drew a gun on these boys. His actions speak louder than words though. He gave those boys a valuable lesson, because I do think he cares. Then he spoke to their mother and did the same thing. I don't think he's a racist. This cop at the very least earned a benefit of the doubt from me. I would have no issue if he had treated my own kids this way, under the same circumstances.
3950x has excellent single core perf, due to higher IPC. It also doesn't run as hot as a surface of the sun while doing it. Furthermore, 3950x is a CPU that makes you money (productivity). It's like 3 times faster at productivity tasks.
I am not a graphics developer (I do middleware). But isn't Vulkan supposed to replace OpenGL? I think I read somewhere future OpenGL will be implemented on top of Vulkan, since Vulkan is a much more "hardware native" API. Also I read that Valve recently purchased MoltenVK (the commercial and proprietary Vulkan over Metal wrapper), ported Dota 2 to it, and got it open sourced: https://www.anandtech.com/show/12465/khronos-group-extends-vulkan-portability-with-opensource There is also WebGL which I think is going the Vulkan route. Basically the idea is Vulkan being a more 1st rate citizen of the graphics hardware of today allows for much simpler drivers. So I suspect everything will be eventually going Vulkan, even if Vulkan is just a low level layer that something else wraps.
He also sang in Sweeney Todd.. and he was pretty decent at it.
I don't think the guitar is as mainstream as it used to be back in the golden age of rock (80s). But new generations will still learn it. If anything it's never been easier to learn with so many amazing resources online. There are some amazing up and coming young talented guitar players as well. I personally think as the popularity shifts and changes we may see another age of bands who play instruments top the charts at some point in the future.
I agree. It's never been easier to procure a decent guitar.
Thanks for translating. That's a false equivalency though. Intel is/was a monopoly. Flying an AMD flag after AMD basically reinvigorated the market, provided choice, and pushed the envelope after a decade of basically no progress is understandable. I mean just imagine if AMD hadn't released Ryzen in 2017. We'd be still stuck to $300 quad cores on the desktop. From the consumer standpoint AMD is the knight in shining armor.
Nvidia is older tech. 5600xt is a new GPU. You will get the longer driver support with AMD. Plus the card is better value. It's a no brainier really.
Schecter has some great models in that price range. Too many to list but their website is nicely laid out. You also seem to get a lot for your money.
Damn, that is one sweet looking guitar.
That was so sexy.. Dzeko's head higher than Strakosha's hand!
Cristante
People criticizing Under when he was out of form due to injury. There you have it. Brilliant match by Under so far.
It's not. Just another Nvidia astroturfing campaign.
So your click bait post is FUD?
I see what you did there. Now you have an excuse to purchase 5 more guitars. :) Nice work man.
I have had no issues with my AMD GPUs. This seem like growing pains of a new architecture. I am sure it will be fixed. Also tons of people aren't experiencing any issues.
Exactly. It is difficult to penetrate when you have the might of Intel's war chest basically bribing OEMs not to use competition. With that said Intel can only keep up rebates for so long though if AMD continues to offer better product.
According to this article, the total loss of revenue if Apple decided to ditch Intel would be $3B https://www.forbes.com/sites/greatspeculations/2018/12/21/how-much-revenue-and-earnings-could-intel-stand-to-lose-if-apple-deploys-its-own-chips-for-mac/#428719135690 We can assume AMD would be cheaper than Intel, so let's say $2B. But this assumes entire product line shifts to AMD over night. Apple sometimes doesn't refresh Macs for multiple years at a time. It took them like 5 years to refresh the Mac Mini for instance. So back of the napkin math, if say Apple refreshed 1 or 2 models with AMD this year. We could expect about $100m per quarter in new revenue. Not that much new revenue but it would be a pretty important victory in terms of mindshare.
Will do, thanks!
&gt; It’s unfair to think that the younger girls will have no memory of their dad or big sister. I don't even know what hurts more to think. That the little ones won't have the memory of their dad and big sister. Or the immeasurable loss, the other big sister and her mother feel. To have such a great father and sister and lose them in an instant without being able to say goodbye. My thoughts are with them. The other families who lost their loved ones, break my heart like it wasn't broken already.
50% of Americans don't participate in the stock market, at all. Investing in stock market doesn't directly produce jobs either. It improves companies credit rating and gives bonuses to higher ranked employees (again to those in top 10%), for the most part. Take $30K and invest it into a stock, vs. taking that same $30K for someone to buy a car. The latter directly improves economy. While the former has a chance of improving it. Also I am not saying investing can't be good. It has it's purpose. But nothing is black and white. That money going to the workers instead would do much more for the economy.
we know a thing or two because we've seen a thing or two
You gotta big nose. Catch fish with that thing?
As someone from Yugoslavia. Those are indeed excellent legs.
&gt; China if you're listening, release Trump's taxes! &gt; &gt; - Bernie
Yup. She walked the walk, and now she's talking the talk. Even her husband is a PC hardware enthusiast nerd. She knows how to motivate engeneers. And anyone who understands this business understands what AMD did in the last 5 years has simply been increadible. To go from a company which was on the brink of bankrupcy. To the high performance computing leader is one of the greatest business come back stories in recent history. They are not slowing down either, this could rival the great Apple come back when Jobs took over from Sculley.
I play zerg and I actually agree with you. There is no way TY didn't deserve that win, he straight up outplayed PartinG and made way less mistakes. I don't see how anyone could have any other conclusion than that. And that right there is why Protoss isn't in the final. Nothing to do with balance. As such this meme makes no sense, even ironically.
Whatever criticism can be made up of Joe is irrelevant because Trump is worse at the very same things. Joe is nowhere near as universally hated as was Hillary or Trump. And like I explained in my previous comment: "It's the economy stupid".
Right, I agree this will be unlike any previous election. Instead of people going to the voting booths to vote for the policies and candidates they favor. I think this time people will be rushing to "fire Trump". We've already seen this from the dem primary. The biggest reason for voting any candidate was: "defeat Trump". This is why Bernie despite his popularity lost. All people care about is defeating Trump. And as such Joe or any scandal that gets pinned on him is irrelevant. Joe is a lame candidate, but he's not Trump, and that's his biggest quality.
&gt; that's what everyone assumed with Clinton, and now we're here I knew Clinton lost when Comey announced the reopening of the email investigation. FBI tipped the scales and it was the final nail in the coffin. We have been inundated by Trump scandals for the past 3+ years and even I who is sometimes a news junky is tired of it. Nothing is shocking anymore. Most Americans aren't as well informed as you and I. But most of them are tired of it all. Even Trump supporters are tired of defending him in their own homes. And like I said, I am not assuming a landslide, there is still a real possibility Trump and his Republicans will try to cheat elections yet again and win that way. But this is completely different than the 2016 election.
sounds fine to me, but I am using headphones
Yeah, Mooch actually admits and knows right from wrong. More that can be said from some professional trolls Bill invites.
She said everything that needed to be said when she voted to not hear witnesses in the Senate impeachment trial. She's team Trump and she will never again have the opportunity to wash her hands of it.
Too bad they don't have Lenovo Flex 15 with Renoir. I would buy it right now. Love a centered keyboard/trackpad on a 15" laptop.
This I think is where he shines. He just understands the game so well. Just the way he can adapt to any situation is pretty top notch. Also knowing which units to prioritize even when losing a skirmish allows him to stay in the game.
&gt; because Cure basically just let him do whatever he wanted. There was no back-and-forth, no push-and-pull, no competition. Cure punished TY's worker line in pretty much every game, while defending TY's harass very well. I don't think the games were that one sided. The series was one sided, but that's a testament to TY's quality.
*non-aligned
Nemoze ni Louis Rossmann popraviti bez sema, ako nije neki kvar koji je onako cest. A tesko da ces naci semu/schematic.
Think it's going to be a hit personally. Sony also squeezing every ounce of performance out of that AMD silicon may indicate a competitive price point. Hope I am right.
&gt; and they were built like tanks My PS4 Pro seems like it's been built pretty solid. My nephew abuses the shit out of it and I am surprised it's still working.
PS3 was ugly imo. Even though I liked it. This console will be fine. Especially with all the special colors and special editions they will make.
Omen 15 is better, but still off center.
Robb Flynn (Machine Head) has warned us of this years ago. This is why I don't care about what happens to Phil. He's a piece of shit.
Also it may not even be FCC. HAM operators are very good about self policing, because they don't want additional restrictions enacted. So they may find you and report you as well.
&gt; .. Really, this warrants a new launch? It's not meant to make you upgrade your existing Zen2 CPU. It's meant to keep AMD competitive in gaming vs. Intel. Since Intel is pushing up clocks. Also, this is nothing new. We had better steppings of the same product before from both Intel and AMD. As the process matures the yields improve and you get more good dies. So it's a no brainer for AMD. AMD isn't even changing the branding, they are just adding XT to the model numbers. If this were Intel this would be a whole new generation.
Yes, I had an HP envy with the same layout. I never quite got used to the keyboard. After about a few months I could do it, but I was always annoyed with how inevitably the laptop would end up being crooked and I wasn't looking at the screen at 90 degrees when typing. It drove me nuts. I understand there are people that need the num pad. I am fine with those who want it despite the drawbacks. But there not a single AMD laptop bigger than 14" that has a tenkeyless centered keyboard. It's really a shame since I need a new Laptop and I can't find one I would like.
Yes it's very tempting but they have no version without Nvidia's GPU. I run Linux on my laptops and I don't want proprietary non open source drivers. Plus I don't need a dedicated GPU. I would rather have more battery life.
AMD Tapped out Zen in 2016. I am sure Apple could have gotten their hands on it then. That's 4 years.
Zen was competitive before. Zen today is class leading.
Microsoft just adopted AMD x86 CPUs for their upcoming surface line. Their next gen XboX is also running CPUs based on the same architecture. And I just saw the news that their cloud gaming initiative will use the same. I am pretty sure Microsoft is sticking to x86 for the foreseeable future. Also there is no standardized push for ARM based PC. I am pretty sure even Microsoft existing ARM surface devices aren't compatible with Apple's upcoming ARM computers.
&gt; That's on last year's iPad silicon. Modified for a 125 watt TDP or some such. SOTR looked like it couldn't even hit 30fps. Final Cut was a native app which probably leverages hardware accelerations (like the iPad version does). I would hold my judgment until we see the final product. But I can guarantee it. The non-native apps will run like ass.
I understand, but they are switching in 2 years. Why couldn't they have switched to AMD in 2 years? AMD even offers semi-custom use of their tech, where Apple could have designed their CPUs using any AMD tech they wanted like Sony and MS do for consoles. The final chip would be Apple branded just the same.
First of all I am not even sure that's the case. They didn't exactly disclose the specs of the system. So they could have been using a Radeon GPU or their build in iPad GPU. Second of all. You are comparing this to Intel's crappy iGPUs. Intel sucks at graphics. AMD does not.
We've never seen a Mac with a Apple's Ax chip either until today. Do you think they won't support 3rd party GPUs in their Mac Pros?
I think it would have been possible to make the transition much less painful than it will be. But Apple has clearly decided to rip the bandage and go with the straight transition to their own silicon. It's a good thing for Apple. And probably the vast majority of users won't care. Those of us affected with this change (developers who still very much target x86 ecosystem). For us it's the end of the road.
&gt; They are emulating x86 without hiccups yeah, about that. There is just no way these apps can run as efficiently as they can on the native hardware. So showing us a few seconds of a few apps which work fine on a development machine with all the cooling it needs I am sure is not exactly representative of the final use case.
&gt; The transition looks like it will be very smooth. I will believe it when I see it.
You obviously haven't been around for Rosetta 1.0. When Apple moved from a slow CPU (PPC) to a fast CPU (x86). This time they are moving from a fast CPU x86 to a slow CPU ARM.
Serie A most balanced.
Yes. That's what I meant. The new Surface Laptop is also using Zen2.
Yes. I do think you're right. Most of their customers will probably even be happy with the new Macs. They should be slimmer and have better battery life. But the power users will be disappointed.
Do you really think so? Maybe it's just me but I can't think of any mobile App I wish I had on my computer. Generally speaking if it's an app I wish I had on the computer I can either get the desktop version of the app. Or I can just use the website which is much easier to do on a computer (than a mobile app).
In relative terms running apps through Rosetta 2 will be inefficient.
Ok but saying an efficient emulator is like saying an efficient Hummer. It's still going to be an inefficient vehicle no matter how optimized it gets.
Apple has slowly pushed me away from them: - headphone jack massacre - execution of the esc key The two products I used to buy regularly from them I will no longer buy. I am not even using my iPad anymore since I am no longer part of their ecosystem.
Honestly I disagree. Think of kids using their loudness limiting kid headphones. The audio jack is a standard. A well established standard that didn't need to be removed. Plenty of folks relied on it.
Meh, highly doubt it, particularly with existence of highly competitive AMD. Apple just wants to turn Macs into iPads with keyboard.
This here is the correct answer.
Juventus is stacked though. Some teams are harder to regain fitness in since it can be difficult getting starts. Higuain got playing minutes over Mandzukic and Dybala, which is no small feat. I am not saying this as a fan of Higuain. I don't have a strong opinion of him either way. But he started the season pretty well. Granted some of that could be helped because Sarri has always had a good relationship with him (since Napoli days). But I still think he was pretty good until COVID struck.
Wow... Kolarov is right. Dzeko is a lefty he just hasn't realized it yet. [Even though Dzeko claims he is right footed he scores his best bangers with his left]
I only wish he came to Roma a few years earlier, while Totti was still playing. Totti would have gotten so many assists off Dzeko with Totti's incredible vision and passing. And Dzeko would have been scoring for fun fed by Totti. I think the trophies would have come too.
I know! Holly shit Lenovo drags their feet with AMD laptops every time!
Honestly, I think he stays. If he was actually in top form we probably would sell him to generate cash. But you don't sell prospects when they are down on form.
Normally I wear protection, but then I thought, “When am I gonna make it back to Haiti?”
There is a cool accessibility feature iPhone lacks. It's called a headphone jack.
Thanks, I ordered it. The only issue I have with it is no keyboard backlight. But other than that it's perfect for my needs. Was holding out for a Thinkpad. But Lenovo is dragging their feet. And I love the centered keyboard and trackpad on a 16" redmibook.
They won't be able to smoothly transition. Rosetta will work for most common cases, but tons of power users will be left behind.
I gave a power user example as well.
Pjanic is actually underrated as hell.
&gt; Since when is 29, 30? There is no major difference between 29 and 30. It's like half a season. Big deal. Also nutrition/medicine has gotten better.
&gt; there isn't anything similar available in Europe :/ I ordered a Redmibook 16 from gearbest. It's the only larger than 14" Renoir laptop with a sane (centered) keyboard and trackpad. Mechrevo Code 01 isn't bad but even it is a bit off center. Pros: - Nice metal build - Nice keyboard and precise large trackpad (haven't used it yet but this is what all the reviews say) - Price is excellent ($900) - tiny bezel and a huge screen for the form factor - decent screen - good thermals (no thermal throttling) Cons: - keyboard isn't backlit - battery is on the smallish side 46 Wah (but with the efficiency of the Renoir you should still get 8 hours of light work). - the SSD is SATA (so not very fast) but I will be installing Linux on mine and I am getting an M.2 drive to drop in right away. In either case I don't think this is a deal breaker even if you just use the original SATA drive. - 4700u is the top model so no SMT/hyperthreading which I don't think is a big deal. You still get 8 cores which should be really nice if you need to do some encoding or heavy crunching. - No web cam (which for me is a blessing, I usually tape over mine) - RAM is dual channel but limited to 2666Mhz (so that could be limiting if you really want to use this laptop for gaming, though without a dedicated card I think that's par for the course) this laptop is not really meant for a full time gamer. I think this is probably the best model in terms of value and the overall package for a productivity laptop at the moment. I was holding out for Lenovo's t14s but I could really use a bigger screen and Lenovo is taking forever to release it.
Roma supporters: Giant Blue Balls.. "so many pretty close but no cigar moments" but also spoiled by some amazing players (eg. Totti).
