Most stores and distributors have voluntarily contracted with the ESRB, so under those terms they can fine you.
This tends to vary on the Apple Store you go to and how its managed. I was an FRS (iPhone 'Genius') at two Apple Stores and observed the shift. At my first store, management strongly supported doing anything we could to help people, even if that meant fudging the paperwork. When I switched stores following a move, the new one was the opposite. Constant critiquing of how you handled an issue and how it kept the company in the black. Basically, you need to find which store will treat you well. I haven't worked there now in 4 years, but the first store where management encouraged us to help people was Clarendon, Arlington, VA, if you're a DMV resident and reading this. The second one was Tysons Corner and is not so helpful.
The same reason football teams put up with the NFL's bullshit is the easiest way to explain it. The NFL is not a government agency, the Dallas Cowboys don't have to be a member of the League. But if they aren't, their games won't be televised (the networks agree to exclusively only show NFL games), their merch won't be sold in area sporting goods stores (same issue, not allowed to stock merch from rival Leagues), etc... They're much better off being a member of the thing they hate because it keeps their money rolling in.
&gt; so long as the money was being spent in a way I found equitable. You've hit the nail on the head. The problem is the US wastes its tax revenue like its going out of style. We could probably actually fund healthcare and education if we weren't buying $50,000 hammers.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Entertainment_Software_Rating_Board Third paragraph
United kept us grounded on our 3am layover because of also some thing that maintenance needed to look at despite it not affecting the safety of the flight. Ultimately, we had to wait an hour for maintenance to write deferral paperwork so that we could leave with the problem anyway. The captain said that as his apology, he would activate free DirecTV for the flight. He did not.
Uh, I mean the Sec. of Health was forced out for private plane rides. This isn't terribly different.
They remade the first 3 Crash games for PS4. It's not bad.
This is crazy off-topic, but I can't seem to find it: There was a thread somewhere on Reddit/Imgur that made fun of /r/DIY, titled something like "Every DIY post ever." It was a tutorial on how to build your own car, and it assumed that you had a fully-functioning assembly line, robotic arms, etc. Does anyone remember this and where I can find it?
Yep. And they wonder why we have childhood obesity.
I've only used DFW once since moving here and Love Field all the other times, since I'm Southwest A-List. I didn't really see the attraction to DFW. Having moved here from DC, it seemed just as congested as Dulles. Love Field on the other hand is a breeze to get through because it's only got like 3 gates.
&gt;I mostly just pick people up and drop them off at DFW since I prefer to fly Southwest whenever feasible. I'm an A-Lister, so same boat. Picking up/dropping off folks at DFW is probably my least favorite thing, because fuck having to pay a toll for that. Your airport is not that cool to warrant $2 to drop people off. Recently, I've been dropping my parents off at the DFW employment center. They walk across the field to the rental car center and catch the shuttle.
A service animal for a combat-disabled veteran? Really? It's not like he was bringing Paris Hilton's chihuahua on. No other airline behaved the way they did in the 10 years since his retirement.
Unfortunately, my father is partially blind. Even with my current workaround, I have to walk him to the rental car center and to the shuttle because he would not find his way on his own. I can park at the employment center to do that. Not sure if I could park at DART to do the same.
And treat the Russians to some Mr. Mac's while you're there. It's only kind, when hosting someone in your country and all.
The debate over this is one of the most fervent I've ever seen on Reddit, and there's other threads on the front page right now about Russian collusion.
Not a pilot, but I fly fairly often, pre-board and usually bring donuts for the crew and chat with them for a bit. At least for Southwest, it's MDW and DCA. MDW because it's windy as fuck, DCA because their approach is retarded.
Does Global Entry help with any of this sort of stuff? (I don't fly internationally but for vacations, all my clients are domestic.)
I didn't find this when we were there - in fact, people in Montreal seemed more standoffish than people in Quebec City - granted, we stayed at the Frontenac so perhaps the fact that it was a higher-class hotel meant that they weren't as snobby. But I found that if I just politely said "Parlez vous anglais" they didn't mind saying Yes. At least I ask them in French. If they said no, I deferred to my fiancee who is French Canadian.
It'd probably the only exercise they get, rather than giving them door-to-door direct service so that they have that many fewer steps to plop down in front of their PS4 and eat Cheetos.
The one time I used it was Terminal E, which I'm told has since been remodeled.
Because no one says you have to follow the letter of the law just to be a pedantic asshole to a disabled veteran. Again, you seem to be missing the part where *no airline cared for 10 years.* AA decided to be picky over something extraordinarily minor that had *zero impact* on whether or not the dog was legitimate. Most places don't even ask for the documentation. I reiterate, of course if there were anywhere for me to find someone with such contempt for our servicemembers, it would be Reddit. Good for you.
Companies try to screw you on various things because they know that you probably won't hold them accountable for it, and will either let it slide as not worth your time to fight it, or worse, continue patronizing them regardless. It should absolutely be worth your time to fight when a company is trying to screw you. Twitter is a pretty good forum for this, because these companies don't want their reputation challenged in such a public way. Yelp is good as well for smaller organizations, since the star rating is used by a lot of various apps and potential new customers may avoid a company if it has a poor rating. A final step is small claims court. 90% of the time, if it's less than a few hundred bucks, the company isn't going to send someone to fight you over it. It's not worth the time or money. You'll usually get a call the day before court to settle for the entire claim + court costs and then not even have to take off work for a trial date.
I think there was an Adam Ruins Everything kind of about this. Apparently most funeral homes in America are owned by a huge conglomerate that retain the family-esque name, but has absolutely bastardized the funeral industry and gouges customers whenever and wherever possible. I think you tend to avoid that if you can manage to find the few remaining actually family-owned funeral homes. My father-in-law runs a funeral home and turned down the offer from SCI.
Yep. I find myself in courtrooms more often than I'm proud of, and the judge will generally call an attorney up to do his 'batch' of cases. It's usually *dozens* of folders. Normally, the judge announces the full case name, plaintiff vs. defendant, asks 2-3 times if a party doesn't come up to make sure they actually are absent, then cordially asks the other party what they'd like to do, etc.... with these debt collector lawyers, they only call the defendant, give it about 2 seconds and if no one stands up, the attorney will just say "Judgment." Not "I'd like a default judgment your honor, just Judgment." And they move to the next one. An entire case, decided in 4 seconds that might not have even been served on the defendant properly for them to know they were being sued. Incredulous.
I fly about once a week for work, usually in the early mornings, and always get a dozen Dunkin Donuts for the flight crew. After I'm done with my 6 bourbons they give me for free, I lay down for a nap across the entire row of seats because on a 141/143 flight, they made sure I got the two empty seats in my row.
I once got delayed on Spirit due to overbooking. They put us up in a Super 8 'overnight' so that we could be back to try again for the 5am flight the next morning. But the hotel was in Baltimore and we didn't get shot, so that was nice.
This works for apartment complexes your considering, too. In fact, *on* the tour one time we got on the elevator with another resident, and I put them on the spot. "Hey, how do you like this place?" I felt a little bad because they were clearly a little uncomfortable giving their honest opinion in front of the leasing agent about how the place is a mismanaged disaster and they're leaving as soon as their lease is up, but that was good information to have despite our tour guide only showing us all the premium amenities they had to offer.
Everything from appliances to computer parts to shoes does this. It's pretty difficult to take advantage of any price matching policy these days.
YMMV on this. Unfortunately, with student loan interest, mortgage interest/taxes/insurance, home improvements, masters tuition, charitable contributions and probably some other shit I'm forgetting I need to itemize + the fact that I did a temporary duty assignment for work in another state, my taxes are so effed that I probably do need a CPA.
&gt; "we're green" for example. Kind of not relevant, but you made me think of this: A friend of mine had a car that was the color green, but wasn't a hybrid or anything. He frequently parked in parking spaces labeled "Reserved for Green Vehicles" saying, "Don't mind if I do."
Story time. I'm changing the names here for anonymity, but the meat of this is true. Let's say my dad's name is Kevin E. Rogers. My brother, his first son, was named Kevin L. Rogers. My dad was a successful real estate investor and had given each of the kids a house for them to start their families in. My brother decided to be foolish and took out a loan against the house - which was paid off - to buy a boat and motorcycle. Problem was, the house was still in my dad's name. The bank didn't pay attention to the middle name when authorizing the loan for my brother. Foolish as he were, he drank himself to death a few years later. Following his death and my dad now being partially disabled, we decided to just sell the house. The bank intervened in the sale, claiming that they were owed the proceeds for the loan. The loan was news to my dad. But upon a review of the paperwork, he realized that the bank failed to see that my dad, Kevin E., owned the house, and that his son, Kevin L., took out the loan against property he didn't own. The bank naturally disregarded numerous demand letters from our attorneys. Ultimately we had to go through the state banking commission and the attorney general for them to back off and finally write off the $75k as a bad debt. They fucked up bad and it was hard for them to own up to it. They might not have ever done it if the state weren't breathing down on them.
+1 for dim value claims. This is especially beneficial for me because I have a Subaru lease, and Subaru flat out doesn't give a shit. GM ended up subrogating my fiancee for the dim value she got after a not-at-fault wreck on her Buick lease, but Subaru/Chase have straight up told me that the check is mine to go play with. It's basically free money because I don't actually have an investment in the car, since I return it at the end of the lease anyway. The depreciation doesn't affect me.
I'm getting destroyed on /r/Dallas for this exact issue right now. Everyone in DFW strokes their dick for American Airlines who denied my father-in-law's (a combat-wounded veteran) service dog boarding because the paperwork was missing the VA doctor's license expiration date - a technicality no other airline had bothered him about in over 10 years. The paperwork was fucking laminated. It hadn't changed in a decade and only AA decided to be chodes about it.
Apple carefully designs their branding and everything they publish and say around psychology. They know exactly how it will work and the reactions it will get. They're very cunning about it. Source: Worked there for 2 years. Couldn't drink the Kool Aid, bounced.
&gt;tell me again how it's AA's fault the form wasn't fully completed? When did I say it was? Point to me exactly where I said that, since you seem to like putting words in my mouth. I've repeatedly indicated that they were just being unnecessarily petty, looking for the silliest reason to deny the form that no one else had cared about, because the right thing to do is to just let someone with a legitimate disability board with their goddamned service dog. Moreover, they weren't even nice about it. No one between the gate agent, operations manager or even executive relations ever once actually offered anything besides the generic platitudes and buzzwords you can only get from a large corporation that doesn't know how to do anything else besides shit out non-genuine form letters and pre-scripted sentences. I don't see why, as consumers, my family and I are not permitted to have a grudge against AA, who chose to pick on a disabled servicemember for no other reason than a *technicality no one else picked on.* We chose to vote with our dollars by not giving those dollars to an airline that hates veterans and those with disabilities. The only reason this has blown up is because, stunningly, you're all taking AA's side when the entire situation, from AA's perspective, is nothing short of an /r/pettyrevenge thread - though again, I don't know why they'd want revenge against a disabled servicemember unless they just have an inherent hatred for them. I assume you'd also take Apple's side too if your iPhone were acting up, and they noticed *one drop of sweat* on the *back* of the phone, and cried liquid damage to not honor your warranty despite the droplet not being anywhere near the internal components of the device? You'd just go buy a new $700 phone, right, because them's the rules? I assume you'd also take the side of your HOA if the covenants state that your grass can be no higher than 1.5", and your HOA president just doesn't like you (I sure don't, so I could understand that), so he measures every single blade of your grass and finds *one* blade that is 1.6" to fine you? You wouldn't argue with the fine, would you? If you're a "the rules are the rules" type person, that's fine. But then I expect you to uphold that uniformly in *every. single. scenario.* For the record, he has more contempt for AA than I do. So your pathetic attempt at saying that he would be embarrassed of this comment chain is false. He doesn't Reddit, but I've texted him a link to the thread just so that he can see what a shitty veteran *you* are by reserving such contempt for a fellow servicemember. I was never in the military, but your gross lack of camaraderie tells me you're probably the pro-Bergdahl type. I truly hope you succumb to a disability someday and someone mistreats you, and then you sit in silence and don't make a peep, because that's what you expect my FIL to do.
It doesn't work. Most of Baltimore's residents are trash. They're still there, so the trash wheel must be broken.
Hopefully you've got PTSD and you end it all someday. Good riddance.
Oh trust me, I have no love lost for DFW. I was relocated here from Virginia for work, so my Baltimore comment is the standard anti-Maryland tribalism I was bred with for 20 years. I was actually born in Baltimore and support the Ravens and the Orioles, but hate the city because it's grossly mismanaged and full of 10x the rampant crime of SE DC.
The wedding is in VA, but we're Texas residents. Our TX homeowners insurance company doesn't underwrite in VA.
I would just let it die for failure to pay fees. I believe the filing fee is $100 or $125, right? We were quoted $300 by one of those online insurance companies that purportedly offers insurance policies specifically for weddings.
So, genuinely asking, how does Uber get away with it? They have a shell company called Raisier that's actually named on all of their licenses in the cities that require it, on the insurance they claim to put on every ride... but as I understand it, Raisier has no assets, so if something happens and you sue them, good luck. You won't be able to enforce the judgment.
Right, obviously if I go and punch someone in the face, that's on me. But am I still personally liable for something I'm not directly responsible for? i.e. Someone slipping on the floor and hurting their back. I don't wax the floors.
I priced out one online shop that does insurance specifically for weddings. It was about $300 - I assume a good bit of that is the same 'wedding tax' I experienced when the band we wanted was $6k for weddings but only $3k for a company party... but I don't know how legitimate they were. I'll shop around more since it sounds like my plan won't work.
I don't get the concept of tipping for a haircut. The stylists are not paid $2/hour like waitstaff are.
It's on principle. Of course we can afford the $2, but why should I have to pay an entry fee to drop someone off at an airport that is already getting funded by taxes, landing fees, retail, and whatever other cash flow is coming from the same people who have to pay the toll? I can't think of a single other airport in the country that has a toll to get to the terminal. Dulles Airport owns a toll road to fund the airport, but built stanchioned-off lanes for actual airport visitors to use it for free. You only pay if you're using it to cut through.
I grew up in West Virginia. We had maybe 4 votech schools statewide that taught CCNA classes. The one I took was taught by a teacher that favored self-learning over the actual curriculum, so we did a lot of provisioning of our own servers, etc. Anyway, as part of that, I made an internal class website. Default settings, it was available on port 80. In the classroom, you just typed the hostname of the server and you were there. ALL state computers - every computer in a lab, every teacher's computer, the servers in all 4 of these votech schools, the whole shebang - shared one outward public IP address for the WVDE. Somehow, either port 80 just wasn't available on *anything else* or it was somehow mistakenly forwarded through dozens of routers to our little classroom server, but basically, from home, I could access our little class website from the IP used for tens of thousands of computers statewide. Not super relevant but just amazing how school district networking...works.
No. 3 sounds like Google.
I was at Costco and a parent handed their child their iPhone, to keep them quiet - a practice I already frown upon. Then I heard a squeaky voice giggling like he was being tickled, while the child furiously tapped at the phone. Tickle Me Elmo is now a fucking *app.*
As a homeowner, I'm okay with the first two.
How do you fight it, I'm curious? I'm new to TX, so how they appraise is much different from WV where I grew up. I was very surprised to learn that they only come by every 3 years, and otherwise just go by comps.
Yeah I'm in Collin, too. Okay, fair enough. I can bitch like the best of them, so if that's the only strategy to it, I'm good. They really don't require any evidence or anything of comparable home values in your neighborhood?
Interesting cadence that the pattern for calendars you can use in 2018 seems to be 6, 11, 11, 6, 11, 11...
Reminds me of a philosophy class I took in college - the professor was clearly a 70 year old hippie who had probably just cooked her brain out back in the 70s and 80s, and was just totally incoherent in class. The few classes she appeared for would last 20 minutes before she'd dismiss early because she "wasn't feeling well," and most classes she just didn't show up at all. One day we showed up for class, and the dean walks in and says "I'm your new professor." That's when we knew the school had had enough.
Real talk, why are switches so expensive new? I'm a total network admin novice, but I haven't had any problem with buying government-retired Catalysts that are 4 years old for $50 - granted, I'm only working with a small business with 7 employees, but still.
They claim it was an actual reading but oddly the amount came out to *exactly* what the previous owners with 2 kids used last January... sounds estimated to me since we have no kids and weren't here for 3/4 of the billing period. I did go out to the meter though and if I'm reading it correctly, it's accurate, so now I'm wondering if it's meter malfunction. Like I know my heat wasn't running while I was gone because I came back to frozen pipes.
Ehhh I question your analogy. I've done a lot of work with some $400-500/hour attorneys and have thought to myself "how did you pass the bar?" But I get the gist of it :) The client is in the DC exurbs and there's a recycling center about 30 minutes down the road that specializes in taking in crap from government auctions. They manage to get a lot of pallets of this stuff for $1. They sift through the ones that are toast and recycle them, fix up what they can and/or sell what's still working for what is essentially a 5,000% profit given what they paid for it.
The rate per unit looks to be the same between both bills for me, I just allegedly consumed more units - 8x as many to be exact. It still seems odd to me since I wasn't here for 3/4 of the billing period and came home to frozen pipes as a result. The agent did say that it's likely that when we got home and the house was 45 degrees that it could've used a ton more gas to heat back up to 70, as opposed to if I had just left it at 60 while we were gone and then done a more modest reheating... but then also said that my usage was identical to what the previous owners with 2 kids used last January, but claimed it was an 'actual' / not estimated reading. Sounds pretty estimated to me if what 4 people used last year somehow exactly matches what 2 people used for one week this year...
How many sqft are you running with? 1600 here.
There's a reason it's called Love Field.
Good tip.
I mean, to be fair, you can often find two or more Starbucks diagonal from each other. That said, I did go to a MattressFirm looking for a cheap mattress for my guest room, and they said they didn't have anything at the store I was at, and to go to the one in Plano on 75. I said "Uhhh...we're in Plano... on 75." They said, yeah, next block down. And the guy at the next store was the worst negotiator like he didn't give a shit. I literally said "how about $100" and he said "Ok, deal." Granted, it was a clearance/returned mattress, but still. Maybe you've got some points.
Uhhh. I've frequently negotiated far below the Internet price. I usually get one dealer's best price, then call another dealership from that dealership and ask if they can beat it. I get them to give me a price over the phone, and give it back to dealer #1. This continues until one of them decides they've had enough. They don't always play along, but I've gotten some disgusting good deals this way.
Probably, but if my friend gives me some way out-of-band number that results in the dealer losing money on the car, the dealer I'm standing in front of would know to call BS. I've only had one instance in which the dealer took a loss on a car in one of my deals, and it was because they were very close to a bonus from the manufacturer. They got like $250,000 or something from the manufacturer if they sold x number of that model, and were very close, so the $2,000 hit on my exact car wasn't going to matter once they got the prize money.
Well, my fiancee and I like new cars every 2 years, so we lease. Since we've been dating, that's 6 cars between the two of us. On top of that, I've become a resource for friends and family trying to buy a car too. I generally do all of the leg work, and once we get to the right price, then I say "ok it's not for me, here, this is Janet, she's going to sign all your forms now."
I realize that I'm an outlier in this situation, but I'm more than willing to travel for a good price on a vehicle. My WRX I have now was purchased when I lived in Washington, DC. I got the best price from a dealer in Manchester, NH. He had the same concerns you did - "I see that your zip code is several hours away." I told him that if he could beat my target price, I would book my flight for the next day right away and forward him the confirmation. I would also give him my down payment straight away via credit card. That was apparently enough for him and it worked out. Honestly, when you're working with $25-35k cars, an $89 plane ticket isn't a big deal. But I get why the average Joe doesn't do any of that.
A friend of mine from HS worked in their Internet department and was able to see the actual numbers in the system as opposed to the invoice price they Photoshop to show you in person.
Because it's easy and our generation (I'm a millennial, so apologies if I'm rolling you up into our garbage age group) doesn't like working for things. I've had the same frustrations. I'm generally a pretty good negotiator/deal hunter in other categories, too, and some friends of mine were getting their first apartment. The apartment's designated FiOS salesperson had reached out to them and offered them a bunch of packages that with one glance, I could tell were $10-20/month more than the advertised rates on verizon.com. Not even the better deals you get on bestverizonfiosdeals.co.nz. Just what Verizon was running in their commercials. I straight up emailed the guy and confronted him about that. His answer was that if you buy the packages online, you have to answer a lot of questions yourself or talk to the call center. He's found that his clients prefer working with him since he can get it all set up for them. Ok, great, I guess convenience is a factor, but I told these guys, let me sign you up and save you the $20/month and we'll buy you a modem at Best Buy, etc. etc. They didn't listen, signed up with that dude, for 3 years now have been paying like $250/month for basic cable, 50Mbps internet, and a phone line with no phone plugged into it all because "it was easier, we just told him to do it and he did it." UGH
I would argue that the prevalence and easy access to the Internet - so much so that rather than say 'hello' to someone we pass on the street, we just look down at our phones - has made it so that people's social skills have eroded to the point where having to talk to a car dealer who is a trained "smooth talker" is a daunting task. Older people I think are better at that. But your point is true, though, that older people are also more likely to be more trusting - since "back then" business was probably less dishonest.
I think this one is more well-known now, but plane crashes. You're more likely to die in a car accident on the way to the airport than while on the airplane.
FWIW, retailers are locking it up now, at least digitally: when checking out with liquid Arm and Hammer the other day, I was carded like I was buying cough syrup.
Thanks!
Thanks!
Nah the bill shows last month's statement and the payment which canceled it out. The bill is only for the 12/15-1/15 charges.
One position is underlined while another is not. To the recycling bin it goes. Your resume is your first line of defense to show your attention to detail...or lack thereof.
It's incredibly difficult to fire anyone in federal work, and while the USPS is not technically a federal agency, the Postal Workers Union has implemented a lot of the same procedures that make it difficult to terminate lackluster employees. I've personally watched while the line is out the door at the post office and the employees are socializing rather than working at their station, and the managers will ask their employees to get to work, and the *employees will ignore them.* That's a dysfunctional organization. I also don't really find that USPS does a good job when I routinely have important things lost by them. Yet I've had literally only one issue ever with FedEx or UPS combined (it was FedEx) and it was during the holidays when of course they have crappy help.
Counter-point: I think the problem is that when you become a big/long-time donator, especially with your own fame, then you become *representative* of the organization you're donating to, whether it's Goodwill or the DNC. It's the same situation with Trump and Duke (the white supremacist, not the Bush's beans dog). Duke didn't work for Trump, but he independently praised him and was probably rallying for him... and the reasonable expectation was for Trump to disavow and/or distance himself from Duke. That didn't happen, but, in a normal world, that's what would have happened.
Hunt's is better.
FWIW, since I have both in my town, I read some articles that did comparisons of Sam's to Costco. Costco wound up being cheaper for most items.
The warning on the label says more than 3 drinks. Your liver processes both alcohol and acetaminophen, which is why they say this, but I don't think it's as dangerous as having a glass of wine after you took some Tylenol. Just don't go on a bender.
I had numerous situations in which Domino sugar was on sale to the point of being cheaper than Harris Teeter sugar. So...I went with that.
I got the $2 absolute basic Filtrete from Walmart and I feel like my allergies have been terrible ever since. I don't think I need the crazy expensive Ultra-Allergen ones that are $20 or whatever, but what about the midrange $8 ones?
CK is pretty clunky, at least as my first year as a homeowner. 1099-K income has also not been the most usable thing to enter, because it doesn't explain that you still need to complete a Schedule C for that (effectively redirecting you to the same page whether you click on Schedule C *or* 1099-K).
I wonder if I can use it then. I moved to Texas halfway through the year, but since we have no state income tax, only Virginia is listed on our W-2.
Yeah, I believe Warner Bros. actually maintains a few blocks of fake NYC in Burbank that's used for all kinds of stuff.
Wow, at Chick-fil-A we clean those things every single night. Crazy that a health inspector never caught this.
I had a similar situation working a Chick-fil-A drive thru. Handed some lady her milkshake and she grabbed it by the dome lid. Naturally, the weight of the shake won out and detached from the dome lid once she got the item inside her car. She started crying about how she just had her car detailed and wanted the store to pay for it. My manager told her, no, sorry...don't grab a drink by the *removable lid.*
&gt; “Unlock me to use or I will call the police.” Wait, the bike actually says this? Would DPD actually come down on you for moving the bikes off your property?
As a homeowner, I'm okay with that.
I moved here from Northern Virginia where houses were $650,000. I came here specifically because $250,000 for a house was like shopping for homes at Big Lots. I make the same amount of money here that I did there. I don't understand why people think $250k is expensive. Now if you had your eyes on the $500k+ HOAs in Allen that are built out of the same stuff IKEA tables are made from, I get it...
Not only do the signs indicate the prices, inform you that you can be billed by mail without a Tolltag, and the road signs actually say "toll" on them vs. other states where they may very well masquerade as a state highway number, but what exactly did you think the giant gantries over your head were for? Decoration?
Isn't TX a "loser pays" state? I only just moved here, but I thought the point of that was to reduce frivolous lawsuits. Because if the victimized party shows up with a lawyer and the frivolous person loses, then can't the attorneys fees be recovered? This is separate from other states which usually follow the "American rule," where each side pays their own attorneys fees unless one of the parties did something really bad to piss off the Court.
I get all that, but both my fiancee and I maintained our same NoVA salaries here. So it seemed like the compensation was the same, but the cost of living was a third of the price. I guess other folks' mileage may vary, but I would understand the argument if moving here meant salaries getting ratcheted down.
There's also no way out - at least of my store - without going through checkout. You have to uncomfortably say 'excuse me, sorry' and cut through two lines to get out if you're not buying anything. Their so confident in their design that they know most people are going to leave *with something.*
&gt;“How long should he suffer for these 50-years-ago happenings,” Lars Göran Petersson, an Ikea employee and friend of Kamprad told the Guardian in 2004. “Is it a lifetime penalty? Yes, as a matter of fact, it is. Yeah.
I think sympathizing is a term reserved for just sitting on your couch, watching TV and going "yeah, I agree with that," much how many of us do with policy issues today that we might regret in 50 years. But the article indicated that he attended regular meetings, which I think is a little bit more "participated" than just "sympathized." I don't think you have to be in the *Einsatzgruppen* to be judged for supporting the Nazis.
It's going to come in the form of an obstructing traffic citation.
Mine, sadly, stays the same. I'm in the bracket that maintained a lateral move.
Yeah, I've done that a dozen times now. I haven't paid for prime in a year. I'm just tired of them shitting the bed. It is not hard to put a package in the mail and meet your "guaranteed delivery" deadlines at least more than 25% of the time.
Go home, Devin! Just get back on Mockingbird, take it to the 75, switch to the 635 west and let it dump you out to Irving where you belong!
Government contractor here. Yeah that's pretty much how it works.
Interesting perspective. I'd add on parental involvement. It used to be that shortly after school was over, the workday was over, and the family could just spend time together and engage with one another. Now, especially as households become increasingly dual-income, and most careers become more demanding salaried positions that require after-hours commitments, I think sometimes kids are deprived of the parental engagement needed to bring them down to earth when they're dealing with some of the social media problems you mention.
The 4th Amendment.
&gt; I’d so much fucking rather walk through a metal detector everyday than have to ever live through something like this. No thanks. Those who sacrifice liberty for security deserve neither.
They do. There was an article about USPS in Utah I think getting busted for it. They're trying to keep their vendors (Amazon) happy by making it look like they're able to knock out the deliveries in the promised two-day window, when they're not.
[Here you go.](http://fox13now.com/2017/12/04/postal-workers-in-utah-across-nation-cite-delivery-problems/)
I've honestly just stopped doing business with Amazon because they stopped using UPS/FedEx, because it costs a little more. They do USPS or LaserShip, neither of whom are the least bit competent, and they know they're not the least bit competent, but use them because they're cheap, and then have the gall to keep jacking up the cost of Prime. Then, when you have a problem, you have to talk to someone with minimal understanding of English who doesn't understand that I don't want it in 3 more days, I paid for Prime to have it today. It's smart business, because the population has gotten too lazy to *go into the store* anymore, but hardly ethical as far as I'm concerned, so I've written them off completely.
I hate it too, but I haven't heard of pulling up being the trigger to get their metrics down. I *do* remember friends who worked at McDonalds saying that they would memorize the order and clear it early so that the POS would give them credit for completing the order in 35 seconds, even though they were still working on it from memory. Maybe that's how they kept getting my order wrong...
Dallas is one of the most corrupt city governments in Texas. This is probably a drop in the bucket compared to the straight-up embezzlement some of the Council is up to.
God gave us knees for a reason!
My laser printer is still kind of a jerk, but far less of a jerk than an inkjet.
Free market is a great thing, innit?
I did this in the Monongahela National Forest in WV after clearing it with the rangers. Fairly standard range rules. Regular FMJ rounds, not near anyone's cabins, leave no trace.
As most of the folks replying to top-level commenters are indicating, this entire sub is full of wildly unintelligent people. I would recommend investing 30 seconds on Google before mouthing off.
IANAL, but come from a family of Realtors. I had a similar issue with my house and the universal recommendation from my family was that the seller's agent is responsible for the authenticity of the seller's disclosures. Every brokerage carries usually $1M of "errors and omissions insurance" for when things like this come up. If you pursue this with the seller's agent, with a little pushing and shoving, they can likely file a claim with their insurance to pay for your repairs. It won't be easy by any means, but you may be able to avoid a courthouse. I was able to do this with a $10k foundation issue.
Chick-fil-A. You're not just buying a sandwich, you go there for an interaction. A robot can't give you that kind of pleasant customer service, so this can be expanded to a lot of other businesses where service is part of their product. Although, theoretically, you could develop a Chick-fil-A robot with only a few lines of code: function respondToHumanSpeech($input) { if($input == "Thank you") { return("My pleasure"); } }
We do have comprehensive, but with a $500 deductible that is more than a $10 Lyft to just go retrieve her car. I guess I'm wondering if it's worth heading out there every single time an alert goes off, or if at some point I'll end up spending just as much in Lyfts as I would in my deductible. To that end, am I playing it fast and loose with a $500 deductible? I've been pondering ratcheting down to $250, but IIRC, that was going to drive my premium up significantly (more than when I dropped from $1k to $500).
Yeah, we just moved here about a year ago, and our house had a new roof from the year prior, so it must have been from that storm. Our homeowners insurance is oddly inexpensive, but I guess hail damage to cars explains why my car insurance went up 300% when I moved here.
Some airports have specific areas where rideshare drivers can hang out for pickups. At Dallas Love Field, it's the side streets just off of the airport campus. They're city streets, free parallel parking, and there's a geofence around the area that puts you in a virtual queue that FIFO's drivers as they're matched with riders. Unfortunately, leave it to DFW to put it their geofence in a parking garage, which \(a\) makes it difficult for your phone's geolocation to report as accurately within the queue zone and \(b\) costs the driver hourly parking fees while they wait in a line of 90\+ rideshares \[I only imagine it must be profitable because DFW is the only airport for hours, so most pickups must be long\-distance\].... gotta love bureaucracies making stupid administrative decisions.
The fact that it's such a bad idea is why it doesn't happen, and instead it always happens at schools where there's an almost nonexistent chance of an armed populace - at best, one, an SRO, who may take a few minutes to get to you. For every time you hear about a shooting happening at a mall, bar, or concert, you hear about it happening at a school 5 times, and for once, I won't just chalk that up to media bias. Schools are simply easier targets because they're sitting ducks, and the administrations do nothing to fix that.
Yeah, $500 is definitely cheaper compared to just having a liability policy and then needing a brand new car - plus, we lease, so it's not just writing off the car - we'd have to reimburse the bank for their totaled car, I imagine. But $500 also isn't something I want to pay out every year when I might be able to just go move the vehicle to a safer place with enough warning.
I can't imagine why anyone lives in an HOA to begin with. I haven't heard about a single one that people like. When we bought, we explicitly told the realtor, **No HOAs.** We live in a very nice neighborhood and I can park a tank on my lawn if I want.
Rather than giving power to a bunch of hungry Paul Blarts (read: HOA board) to regulate the one or two people who don't mow their lawn, in my non-HOA neighborhood, I respectfully knocked on my neighbor's door and asked him if he wouldn't mind tidying it up so that the neighborhood looked nicer. He did. Talking to people works, too. Don't always need someone else to fight your battles.
As far as I know, they have the New York affiliate of all of the basic news channels. I'd be surprised if ABC wasn't among them. I'd assume they'd also show the NBA finals regardless of their broadcast city, but, who knows. That said, unfortunately, if they don't carry ABC, the Wi\-Fi is definitely not fast enough to allow for video streaming (and it's usually prohibited so that you don't suck bandwidth away from other passengers). But you may be able to use a live game tracker that at least gives you Tweet\-like updates of each play.
I don't know about Houston, but in Northern Virginia, when I was in a hit\-and\-run by a 17 year old and found the little shit myself, they refused to charge him because he was a juvenile, and the county had liberal policies in place that "hur dur charging juveniles just ensures they'll be harder criminals as adults." Maybe, but then you can jail them for longer, then. Don't give them a free pass now in the hopes that they'll straighten up later.
I don't know about Houston, but in Northern Virginia, when I was in a hit\-and\-run by a 17 year old and found the little shit myself, they refused to charge him because he was a juvenile, and the county had liberal policies in place that "hur dur charging juveniles just ensures they'll be harder criminals as adults." Maybe, but then you can jail them for longer, then. Don't give them a free pass now in the hopes that they'll straighten up later.
Yeah, but you and I are willing to put forth that effort, because we realize it's not our job to give free advertising for the company we just paid $20k\+ to. Most people are lazy and don't care, or don't know how to work a screwdriver.
The more expensive the car, the more ignorant the driver.
Yeah, as a WRX driver, I appreciate the asphalt roads sometimes because my car feels every single bump (I actually go a little airborne even going 55mph over the Campbell Road bridge in the HOV lane on 75 South).
Yep, I reported a bunch of the hanging street signs with lights out. I got next\-day responses indicating that the RFP is out for this and they're just waiting to get a contractor on board to do it.
Yeah, that's the plan, but I think they foresaw that too - I'm finding very, very few 3 month plans out there, and they're all 17-18c/kwh. I'm only finding 12c if I take a 6-12 month contract (and then I'm losing money when I stop using the A/C as much), or on a month-to-month, which seems to carry an unabashed statement on the EFL that "yeah, we're probably gonna jack this up to 50c if you forget to cancel at the end of the month."
Yeah, WF sucks. I only signed up with them because they offered a promo for a $200 bonus if I deposited at least $25 and then ran at least 10 debit card transactions. I bought a bunch of candy bars and sodas at various shops with my $25, got the $200, and bounced. I don't know why anyone willingly sticks around with them.
I work from home, so unfortunately, I tend to uniformly use the same power around the clock. Gotta keep the house cool during the workday when normally it'd be cut back, etc.
Not a bad rate, but since I was able to get down to 3 cents during winter, I kinda want to keep my options open to do that again. These $30/month bills have been *nice.*
Yeah I'm looking at PTC but all the rates I'm finding are in the high teens.
It's already gone off probably 7 times since I bought it two weeks ago. All for severe thunderstorms. I've considered disabling that notification and only having it sound for tornadoes but (a) it looks like it doesn't have that feature and (b) apparently severe thunderstorms are classified as having winds above 58mph, so they have a tendency to become tornadoes very abruptly, so maybe it's good to be notified of those.
This is the information I was hoping to get. The NWS seems to indicate that, because of the strong winds that come with them, severe thunderstorms can become tornadoes with very little warning - so I was inclined to leave them on, despite the disturbance, but it sounds like they will be more of a disturbance than a valuable alert if all thunderstorms tend to be that severe in TX. What weather radio do you have that lets you disable specific alerts? I have the Midland WR-120, and it doesn't look like that is a feature.
Yeah, I had no complaints with Veteran. Was getting a decent rate with decent customer service and allegedly part of the bill was being donated to Paws for Heroes. All cool to me. But the rates have just spiked in such a way that I have no choice but to check out. I might come back to them in the winter if they offer a 2-3c/kwh plan though.
The bottom of my unit does in fact say EZ. So how do I specify the alerts? I've gone through the menu myself and haven't seen anything obvious, and the manual doesn't seem to specify it at all.
Yep, there it is. Awesome, thanks!
We just use JIRA Service Desk. From a usability perspective, it's not bad, but installing and maintaining the JIRA software is awful. It's such a memory whore.
I've taken companies to small claims court before, and generally because it would cost them more than the small claim to have a lawyer fight it, they just settle before the court date and eat the loss. Apple is just especially cocky, which is kind of what gave birth to the whole story.
I didn't want to over-complicate the story, but I'm pretty sure it was a byproduct of being an ex-employee. We had stricter Apple ID requirements for our employee accounts, and at some point, my personal got intertwined with my employee one.
I didn't
I was going through plenty of motions to schedule an appointment - but hit the last straw after having to trick their system into giving me one and then it still demands an arbitrary password change that isn't required to use any other Apple services. You're entitled to your opinion, but it sounds like you didn't actually read the full post.
Which is why they were instructed that if they needed to bring one, it would be removed to the general district court
I've considered it... the best law school education is just sitting in court and learning how to do this crap yourself... but, that also doesn't give you the license necessary to be able to give other people legal advice.
The courthouse was on the other side of the county from me so probably a reasonable amount, but not $185. If you factor in my time, it probably wasn't worth it, but I'm a huge stickler for principles like this. I work a salaried job and can flex my work schedule fairly easily, so I also can appreciate that a lot of folks would not have gone as far as I did because they'd be burning a lot of PTO to do it.
I do, but because at the end of the day, I just don't like the competition's products. I don't particularly care for Android or Windows phones (and my company's software for them is junk compared to how often our apps for iPhone are updated), and despite MacBook quality dropping off precipitously since Cook took over, I did make my company buy me one after I had gone through three HPs. Apple is doing what Uber did and becoming juuuust enough better to keep you from going to the competition, but objectively sucking ass, rather than trying to shoot for the stars anymore.
I'm a huge stickler for my principles and if I'm being honest, this was fun for me. I also work a salaried position where I can flex my time rather easily, so I didn't have to burn any PTO... I was in a unique position where the time factor wasn't nearly as a pain for me as it would be for the average consumer.
I've shared this several times in comments before. You may have read it there. I actually searched this sub for my name before posting this on the off-chance that I already posted here (only learned of this sub yesterday), since I've parroted the story so many times.
It wasn't about the money, it was about showing Apple that they were not above the law, despite repeatedly seeming to think that they were.
For almost any other company, I'd agree with you. Maybe not a total absence of arrogance, because I think for a lot of companies, they just assume that they can walk all over the customer and the customer won't go to the lengths I did to fight back. 99.9% of the time they would be right. Most consumers are doormats, and companies will take at least some advantage of that. In Apple's case though, I really think they think that they're above all. Not because of their size, but because of how hard they drink the Kool-Aid about their mission. Leadership believes they're products are changing the world in ways akin to some of the world's most philanthropic charities. (Maybe they don't truly believe it, but maintaining the act was clearly necessary to advance within the company; it was a weird sort of cult.)
May I ask why you think it's bogus?
You're more than entitled to your opinion, but that's mainly what happened. It wasn't filed with the court - the manager just brought it in with him. I didn't see the note, and neither did the judge, because the judge immediately shut down the notion that Apple would decide what is or is not OK. For all I know, he could have typed it up himself in Word in the law library.
Why do you think it's made up?
&gt;Yikes, your time must be of little value to you. I'm a huge stubborn prick when it comes to my principles like this, and work a salaried position where I can flex my time without having to take PTO, so I can appreciate why the average consumer would not or could not have gone to these same lengths. &gt;And how do you feel they're in the wrong by abiding by the judges original ruling? They should've offered you more money because...you said so? The state law indicated that the winning party (which on the docket was me, since splitting the $60 costs resulted in a positive $30 balance in my direction) gets *all* of their filing fees. Full stop. I shared the law with the paralegal at corporate working the case and was trying to appeal to their common sense. I was legally entitled to the full amount, so they can either just save us all a bunch of trouble and pay me what I'm actually owed, or I can appeal to get that formally done in writing which will cost significantly more. It wasn't that I said so, it was that the law said so, and I was giving them an opportunity to save themselves some cash and take time out of their manager's day again. Admittedly, they have billions of dollars, so paying 3x the $60 I asked for is pocket change to them, but it's still just a stupid business decision... if it's extremely cut and dry that I'm due the full $60, and only was awarded less because the judge was trying to tear through a docket at breakneck speed, why thumb your nose and make it go to an appeals court just out of pure arrogance? But it was their right to be dumb, and it cost them.
I do. I work a salaried position, so I was able to flex my schedule and not take any PTO to appear for court.
On it
A lot of lawyers do blogs about this stuff that come up with Google searches. I forget if I posted on r/legaladvice or not for this specific case, but I've used them before, too. I actually do have a friend who is now retired but used to be a lawyer of the Better Call Saul variety, but he didn't help me on this one.
PMed
Maybe the wrong word for it, but just seemed like a foolish business decision since I shared with them the law that entitled me to the full $60 and made it clear my intent to appeal if I wasn't getting that... they could have saved themselves some trouble if they had just ponied up the $60. I guess I call it pompousness because I think they did it only out of spite, not because they actually thought they'd win on appeal.
You're entitled to your opinion, but I'll remind you that this $185 was entirely court filing fees between the small claims filing and the circuit court appeal. The court definitely didn't spend $185 in labor processing these relatively simple/routine filings, so I'd argue that the taxpayer profited off of this.
I've shared it in comments before. Just about every time it gets upvoted pretty high.
Thanks. Glad to see few comments like this. Wading through a RIP inbox full of "lol fake!!!" and "what a waste of time you big gay"
The amount of money is not what was important here. It was simply the fact that they felt they were above the law and could just do whatever they wanted, and the court made it clear to them that it wasn't going to work that way.
In previous cases, I've learned that my state doesn't statutorily allow you to recover lost time and gas and such unless it's a tort case. So I learned from those earlier times, and didn't ask during this one.
Sorry about that
I've shared it in comments before...enough times that I did an author search on myself here first before posting it.
I wouldn't be surprised if there is now, but at the time, there wasn't. I was kind of surprised by that, too. You'd think that Apple, being the ones writing the terms of service for AppleCare that you don't really have any choice but to be bound to, would have put in a catch-all...but they didn't. This is kind of congruent with how I was really unimpressed with the intelligence of their legal department when interacting with them by e-mail.
Not on this sub, unless someone took it from me. I've shared it in comments enough times that I did an author search on myself in this sub before posting, just to make sure I hadn't posted it here before.
I disagree. Vendors babying consumers into password security requirements is usually either (a) security theatre or (b) a vain attempt at protecting themselves from liability if they're breached. I'm of the mind that account security is the responsibility of the account owner, i.e. me. If I want my password to be "boobs," let me accept that risk. If my account gets breached, you can tell me it was my fault.
I PMed you to clear some things up, since at least you're not going "lol fake and gay!" like the other detractors. Happy to discuss privately further details to help clear up your doubts. I also had a suit against Kenneth Cole once - they did what you said, hired a local lawyer to defend the matter. As such, I lost that one, but I like to imagine it cost them a whole lot more in legal fees than the amount in controversy ($650). Others have told me, probably not, and they had that guy on retainer the whole time just in case someone slipped and fell in a Kenneth Cole store. However, most often, the outcome is that the company just settles, because hiring the lawyer is not worth the money.
Hi, I just got back from Italy actually. You guys have good food. I've never spent any extended amount of time outside of the US, so I may be completely wrong in saying this, but my understanding was that the EU had far more pro-consumer regulations than the US. That may be why Apple is so generous in Italy.
The password expiration thing may have been a byproduct of my employment there, since our employee Apple IDs had expiration requirements, and at some point, I think my personal ID had become accidentally intertwined with my employee one. My expectation was that they would fix that when I contacted AppleCare saying I didn't want to change the password, but they stuck to their guns and were rather rude about it, which is why all of this transpired. Apple Stores aren't franchises like fast food restaurants are. They are all absolutely corporate owned. Although it was one store's manager who showed up to fight the dumb fight in court, he was definitely being puppeteered by a corporate paralegal in Cupertino who I was emailing with on the side. AppleCare and the BBB folks were also in corporate.
&gt;Apple has not required password changes for this stuff. I've explained in the comments that this was probably a result of my employee status. Employee Apple IDs had expiration requirements, and at some point I think my personal ID got intertwined with my work one. I also can't find the email right now, but the escalation tech who reached out to say he fixed my account I think indicated that it was also a result of me having a Developer account. &gt;Apple employee credentials are completely unrelated to the Apple ID associated with their phone. Incorrect, the Apple ID system we used in the store for EasyPays, etc. absolutely used the same LDAP (or whatever arbitrary thing they use), because I was able to login with my personal ID and it would authenticate... it just then would say I didn't have permissions to use whatever internal tool I was trying to use. See above, I think that's how it got slammed together. I think I wasn't thinking one morning and tried to login to MyPage outside of the firewall with my personal ID, and that may have screwed things up, because I remember it patching me through iForgot. I genuinely don't remember how they got mashed up, but they definitely use the same backend (or did at the time of my employment). &gt;so this story must take place after 2014 when she joined the company. It does. &gt;Except Wachovia did not exist after 2011- they were bought out by Wells Fargo in 2008 and the Wachovia brand was discontinued in 2011. Then I'm either misremembering the bank (another W bank, but I'm 90% sure it wasn't Wells Fargo), or Wachovia maintained it's ABA number despite being Wells Fargo, I don't know what to tell you. It was a while ago, and I didn't keep any of the paperwork once I got paid. Finally, it's a whole lot more mature to maybe ask me to share some proof with you privately rather than getting on your soap box and over confidently calling this "pure fiction." At least you listed reasons why, congruent with the rules, rather than most folks going "lol fake and gay," but you definitely had a more professional option to raise your doubts, and skipped right over it. C-
In my state, the form was indeed entitled a garnishment summons and is used to collect any post-judgment debt.
&gt; They could have walked into an Apple store and made an appointment there, or they could have simply called and made an appointment. Neither of these were my contractual responsibility. That's why I prefaced the whole post by indicating that I was being rather petty, but at the end of the day, they chose to be standoffish, so I used every resource I had to show them that their behavior was unacceptable.
Which is why I specified that the judge gave them the option to remove it to the general district court.
I didn't reference former versions of the story because defending it to a few detractors like yourself wasn't that important to me. I didn't expect this to blow up that big, I just like telling the story. Inconsistencies based on my memory failing me are entirely possible, but don't mean the whole thing is fake. Again, had you taken the mature or professional route to ask for some additional proof, I likely would have shared it with you, but with how abrasive you've been with your opinion, I'm really not interested in defending this to you further. You're more than entitled to your opinion, even if you are wrong.
It's as true as I can remember. The only thing I can really concede is that Wachovia may be wrong just because it's been 2 years and I don't have the paperwork anymore. I can only tell the story as good as my memory serves me. I'm also being somewhat vague on venue, etc. for anonymity reasons. But I'm not necessarily changing any of the details.
I've explained this in a few comments, but I think it was a byproduct of being an ex-employee. Our internal Apple IDs for work had to have the password changed every so often, and I somehow accidentally got my personal one intertwined in there, which probably afforded me the same password change rules.
&gt;this is so painfully fake that it made my eyes bleed. I'm surprised that someone who is supposedly a barred attorney lacks the professionalism to at least inquire as to their suspicions rather than over-confidently come out of the gate, so positively sure that this is fake. If you had the professionalism to reach out to me via PM or something, I would have been happy to share a case number and the emails with them for you to do your own research, but instead, you've chosen the abrasive route. &gt;is the part where an Apple attorney apparently wrote a letter saying the manager can represent them in court. There is simply no way that a lawyer of the caliber necessary to be hired by Apple (in house or firm) would give such blatantly bad advice. This is how the manager represented it. The letter wasn't filed with the court, I never saw it, and neither did the judge. The judge immediately shut this down because he didn't like that Apple felt that the alleged letter trumped the court's rules. Perhaps the manager told the judge what he had improperly, perhaps it was from the paralegal and not their chief legal counsel (despite those being his words), none of us will ever know what the contents of that letter were. At the end of the day, it didn't matter, because the manager was not authorized to represent Apple in that court per the rules set forth by the state supreme court. &gt;It doesn’t sound like you got a judgment in your favor at small claims, it sounds like you entered a settlement. There was no finding of wrongdoing. Incorrect. The case judgment listed in the court's online search says "Plaintiff," and the judge, upon splitting the cost, said "judgment in favor of the Plaintiff for $30." Again, had you had the decency to ask instead of assume, I would have provided you the details to look this up first-hand. &gt;The offer by Apple to repair your stuff was almost certainly them offering terms of a settlement, which you agreed to and participated in. There was no settlement agreement in this case, and the case was never dismissed or non-suited. Apple made this offer in court, we got a continuance, etc. exactly as it says. &gt;I can see how you could misunderstand that as a non-lawyer You might be more high-horsed than Apple. &gt;This is your first appearance before them, and your case was only in small claims before. They’ll give the opposition time to get a lawyer. As indicated, the judge *really* did not like that the manager confidently acted as if the letter he had trumped the court's rules. When I also informed the judge that they had been told repeatedly in the lower courts to get a lawyer and instead kept sending the same schmuck, I think this cemented that the judge was in it to steamroll them. Was he in the wrong? Maybe, the lower court judge was wrong in splitting the costs, judges are people who make mistakes too. &gt;(Also, there is again NO WAY IN HELL Apple doesn’t send a real lawyer to an appeal, even one as low-threat as this would be). It would seem that Apple really fell short of your expectations for them in this case. &gt;Filing suit requires properly “serving” your opponent so that they have notice of the case and the court can gain personal jurisdiction over them. Usually when suing a corporation, this means serving their registered agent or any officer or agent who is capable of accepting service. I served the CT Corporation System, their registered agent in my state. I imagine they forwarded it along to a legal department, who for whatever silly reason, sent the manager to court. &gt;And there is NO WAY that Apple’s corporate legal department picked this random manager to show up in court on their behalf. Again, you've apparently instilled far too much faith in their expertise. We seem to be on the same page that they made a lot of boneheaded moves here, you're just choosing to believe that none of this happened because you wouldn't expect a major corporation to be this stupid. But they were.
It's not my job to sit on hold and wait for a representative because their website was meaningfully trying to avoid giving me an appointment. I did indicate that I was being rather petty.
Not that many. Each of these trials were like 5-10 minutes tops. I probably spent more time driving to/from the courthouse and waiting for our case to be called than I did actually doing any real work.
The entirety of the $185 was court filing fees, so Apple really more or less covered the tax bill; each hearing was maybe 5-10 minutes max, so the court really didn't spend $185 in labor in working this issue. I'm sorry that you have such a fervent hatred for America, but I for one appreciate that we have low-level courts so that everyone has the right to pursue a civil matter and not just be steamrolled by a private party who thinks they have an upper hand.
I never got any news coverage. I don't think it was really that interesting objectively. It just gets a lot of attention here on Reddit because most of the readers here hate Apple.
&gt; Any Apple staff can help you setup an appointment at any working Mac computer on the floor if you show up without an appointment; doesn't have to be a Genius to do that for you. It's not my responsibility to drive in there and drive back to get service. Even using their walk-in appointment functionality now, you sometimes have to bum around the mall for 2 hours waiting for your number to be called. &gt;If you weren't an anti Apple shill My household has three iPhones, two iPads, three MacBooks, and the packets of this very post are going to go through an AirPort Extreme, so, okay. You seem like a very angry person who just wants some validation for thinking they had the whole thing figured out. Good luck with that. I would work on your soft skills if you're going to be successful someday.
I did reply to that person, despite their attitude problem.
&gt; First, look at this post OP made, clearly bullshit. https://www.reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/35zrwc/dont_be_a_dick_to_apple/ That actually happened too, and that was during my tenancy with the company. &gt;Anyone who has worked with big corp customer service knows that tech notes are never used to trash talk customers Yeah, we're absolutely told not to do that, too. Both myself and the person who responded in the notes were absolutely in violation of the rules, and I failed to mention that the same manager I was defending told me that I should not have done that. &gt;they would never 'instruct a customer to go to Samsung'. We routinely kicked out especially irate customers from the store. &gt;I can promise you the BBB wouldn't force Apple's hand on a customer complaint. Which is why they didn't. When Apple said they considered the matter closed, so did the BBB. The BBB is simply a resource to get in touch with a higher level of escalation than you'd get by asking for a supervisor on the phone. &gt;Your Apple ID and Pass is the same everywhere. Nowhere would it require you to change it, there is NOWHERE that requires a regular change every 3 months or whatever. That's BULLSHIT. You seem very angry and need to see someone about that. I explained in other comments how my account obtained a password expiration rule, but you've elected to rush to judgment instead of doing a little additional reading. &gt;Who in their right fucking mind decides to go waste HOURS commuting and standing in court, and days/weeks waiting betweend dates, instead of changing a password? Nobody in their right goddamn mind. I'm a stubborn stickler for my principles. Maybe I'm not right in my goddamn mind. &gt;I don't care what small time rinky dink court you go to, Apple would never send a fucking retail manager in the place of a proper legal person. A few other people are in disbelief of this too, myself included. It seems Apple fell short of our expectations on the intelligence spectrum. &gt;Why are you drawing attention to how you dress versus how the imaginary Apple manager dresses? Who gives a fuck dude, there is nothing 'Pro' about comparing your dress to someone else like that. You should dress professionally out of respect for the court. The fact that he did not was an important detail, because I think it had a hand in why the judges railed against Apple, and because it shows another small way how Apple felt that the whole thing was a sham and that they were above the court and the law. &gt;You think Apple's chief legal counsel just writes letters to store managers? Again, in other comments I indicated that none of us got to see the letter because the judge shut him down immediately. You must not have looked into those posts either before rushing to judgment. Sounds silly to me too, but a lot of Apple's actions in this matter were boneheaded. &gt;No way in hell they would make anyone go through this much hell. But they did. &gt;Absolutely in no circumstance will a court allow you to garnish a business via some 'payroll' account. That is just not how bank accounts work for large corps. But they did. Not sure what to tell you, dude. You're entitled to your disbelief, but you're simply wrong.
I've shared it in comments before.
In spite of the fact that I may be misremembering the name of the bank (this was 2 years ago) and that's led everyone to believe that this is fake, basically you can garnish a judgment debt as long as you know where the money is. Normally you find out by going through another court procedure where the defendant is forced to answer your questions about how much money they have and where - I don't know much about this because I've never done it, and only heard judges work those cases while waiting for my own - but I was able to skip that step since I was an ex-employee and was able to find out where their payroll was. The ELI5 is that the court went to Apple's bank and, as far as I understand, says "they have a judgment that's gone unpaid. Either you can take from their pot to pay it, or you're going to get wrapped up in this bullshit too." My understanding is that every bank chooses option A in that case.
Criminal and civil courts are wildly different dockets.
&gt;The fact that you served through their registered agent makes it even less likely the manager would’ve wound up in court, because then legal would’ve had to affirmatively ASKED him to go, which again, wouldn’t happen. Again, they seem to be falling short of your expectations for a legal department of such supposed prowess. Maybe you should send them your resume since it sounds like, although you strike me as a major jerk, you're far more competent than whoever's running the show right now. &gt;Please, by all means post docs confirming this actually happened. I've shared them with the mods, and a few detractors who have been professional enough to PM me and ask clarifying questions. I don't owe you anything, especially with how poor your attitude has been.
I was working through my inbox in reverse chronological order and hadn't gotten to those yet, but they've since been responded to. Also, the rules of this sub require you to list your reasons for why you believe it to be fake.
Thank you very much.
You're entitled to your opinion
Yes.
With most organizations, I would agree with you, but Apple does have a special arrogance about them. My understanding though is that store managers (Store Leaders as they call them) are not paid chump change. Low six figures I've heard. So I feel like they still spent more than $185 in sending him, but they can definitely afford to do it.
I've provided proof to the mods.
The court was paid for their time, and Apple chose to send the manager - they could have just settled. You seem to be a good candidate for /r/hailcorporate.
&gt; It is 100% your responsibility to make an appointment. Not according to the contract that *they* wrote. You're clearly just a bitter person, and I wish you the best. We'll have to just agree to disagree, because I don't see either of us convincing the other to switch sides. A court of law decided that I was correct, and you'll just have to forgive me for trusting their judgment over some angry little man on Reddit.
You're entitled to your opinion
Proof's been provided to the mods, but the defendant needs to have a lawyer if they're a corporation. It's honestly probably for their benefit, to prevent some low-level manager from inadequately representing their mega corp and bungling an otherwise winnable case. The court also gave them an exception for an executive to represent them for the case, i.e. Tim Cook (obviously he's not showing up for this), but that's so that a one-man business, Joe's Plumbing LLC, doesn't have to hire a lawyer, and Joe himself can litigate. Individuals can represent themselves pro se as plaintiffs or defendants.
&gt; How ripe for abuse is that? I mean, there is a LOT of litigation abuse, so the problem that you mention does exist and a lot of companies just settle out of court regardless of how frivolous the case is, because it's cheaper to do that than to fight it. You mention that you've looked for a pro-consumer state, but I think this rule is because the court is actually pro-corporation. By forcing the corporation to have an officer or lawyer represent them, it prevents some low-level employee or manager from poorly representing the company's interests and costing them the case.
Proof was provided to the mods.
You're entitled to your opinion. I'm glad that everyone is allowed their day in court.
Proof was provided to the mods.
The court fees...? That was what the entirety of the $185 was. Each of these hearings was maybe 5 minutes in length. The court didn't expend $185 in labor dealing with this. They profited. Edit: The parent comment had previously contained a snide "who says the court got paid?!" which was later edited out, which is why my response may not appear congruent to what they are saying now.
I actually had to make one last night right after posting this story, but it wouldn't let me schedule one if I selected the reason as being issues with AirDrop (which it was). I could only call in or chat for that. I had to pick a fake issue to actually have "schedule an appointment" be an option. So no, it's not that easy.
I don't know what to tell you dude, that's the rules enforced by this court. I can only assume why it is the way it is.
I've explained it in several comments. Go read those.
They updated mine. According to other commenters in this thread, it sounds like by default they don't normally require password expirations, and that the only reason I endured them is because my personal and employee accounts got intermixed at some point (employee accounts do have password expirations). I'm more curious as to whether or not they added a provision to the AppleCare agreement that lets them deny service for any reason, since that's a pretty glaring CYA that they're missing that gave me the ability to sue.
&gt; You have been disproved by multiple people in this thread Yeah, that must be why I provided proof to the mods who have authenticated the story, but you're right, a bunch of random people on the Internet must be right just because they agree with your cynicism. &gt;It's your own fault and ignorance that you drove to the store expecting a red carpet when you arrived. I didn't drive to the store. You're now mixing up details based on the hypothetical that you provided. Enjoy being a very angry person. I wish you luck with that.
You were incredibly rude and unprofessional in your criticism, so I have absolutely zero desire to provide you with any additional details, hence why I elected to go with the mod team. Had you been mature enough to voice your concerns like a reasonable person, I very likely would have been happy to share some clarifying details with you to prove that this happened. You blew it by being a jerk. I hope this serves as a lesson to how you should act in the future.
You're more than entitled to your opinion. &gt;No it fucking doesn't use the same backend. Yeah, it does, at least it did at the time. &gt;So everyone I know at Apple is wrong. Got it! Maybe, maybe not. I can only speak for the conditions at the time that this all happened. Things *do* change, buddy. &gt;So you remember the exact amounts involved, and all the hoops you had to jump through, and the title on the garnishment form you supposedly filled out- The exact amounts are easy because I've sued plenty of other companies (just those stories aren't as juicy for this sub) and am well-aware of the court fees. This case was made up entirely of court fees, so that's easy math. When I was told "it's not garnishment," I checked the forms page of the court to make sure I was correct, and found the blank form that I indeed had filled out. &gt;Then what paperwork did you show to the mods? The case is public record on the court's website and details most of the actions, just the forms themselves aren't scanned in. &gt;The person who wasted god knows how much of their life About 3 hearings, 5 minutes each, maybe 30 minutes of waiting before hand, all to make a point? Worth it in my book. &gt;something they admit was "rather petty" is telling me I should be more mature? Petty and immature are not synonyms, but again, you're entitled to be wrong. &gt;Get real- Apple didn't care even slightly. That must be why they fought it instead of just settling or having their counsel remotely file a motion to dismiss. I've spent more than enough justifying the reality of this story to someone who clearly has an anger management problem and chooses to be unhappy in their life. The mods have the proof, so I'm really done proving myself to you. If you don't want to believe it, that's your choice. You seem like a very negative person that I imagine people don't want to spend much time around. Good luck being a keyboard warrior.
&gt; So I'm sorry- but nothing about your story adds up even slightly As you've been told multiple times now and just choose not to listen, the mods have been provided proof. If you still challenge the validity of the story, feel free to message them.
My personal information is on the public record with the court, which is why I am not providing the venue. That information was provided to the mods via a private message. If you think I've conspired with them to get their approval, the unsubscribe button is to your right.
It would appear the very court of public opinion you mention disagrees with your stance, judging by your comment score.
You're entitled to your opinion.
[This was the original comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/ProRevenge/comments/8pocxv/apples_holierthanthou_attitude_is_their_undoing/e0d6wpu) they posted with their criticisms, laced with expletives and just absent of any semblance of professionalism.
I think the thing that people are missing in this thread is that I don't purport my principled stand here to be one that makes things better for all consumers. I made a principled stand for me, myself and I. And in that context, I prevailed. But you are right - cases that resolve issues for consumers at large are important, even if over minute issues.
This actually stunned me, because as many detractors have observed, it's Apple. You'd think they'd have the bankroll and the connections to send Roy Cohn's ghost, but they didn't.
&gt; Just change the stupid password and quit wasting everyone’s time and money to prove a point. This is a dangerous idea, and how you end up with corporations screwing the little guy day in and day out, something this website used to dislike.
You were warned.
A few others have mentioned that. My current salary is comparable to what a junior attorney right out of being barred would probably make, but without all the added student debt, and I don't think I'd be happy doing stuff like this for 40+ hours a week. But it's fun to dream.
I wish, but the laws just don't allow for that. In fact, the court that this transpired in is also notorious for being stingy on attorneys fees, so had I hired an attorney to represent me, I'd absolutely be in the red. A friend of mine who is an attorney once said he got $10 in attorneys fees from a trial. Said attorney bills $450/hour.
$0.00 * however long you spent reading this is still $0.00.
Had you read the story, you would have observed that the $185 was entirely court fees. The taxpayers actually profited off of this, considering each hearing was only maybe 5 minutes.
I've been known to do this since I have A-List and usually get A15-30, but my wife does not. That said, if someone really wanted to stick the rules to me and take a seat I was saving for her, that's fine. I'll probably move elsewhere on the plane. I don't wanna sit next to a jerk :)
That must be why I provided proof to the mods and they were satisfied with it.
Correct on the first part. Had you read the other comments, you'd have observed that logging in with a personal Apple ID on back-of-house systems resulted in the login working, but not being authorized to use any of the tools. You do use an employee Apple ID for employee things; it's just a username, not an e-mail address. It uses the same authentication system, or did at the time.
&gt;All fine and Dandy until Apple decides to just kill access to your Apple ID. So, employees actually get a lifetime benefit (during their tenure) of a lot of iCloud storage - I think it was 200 GB. Mine stuck long after I left the company (this also may have been something to do with how my personal and employee IDs got mixed up), but immediately after this all went down, it got ratcheted down to the standard 5 GB freebie plan. I guess I set off a red flag, and the free ride was over. Only a minor inconvenience, but you're not wrong, they did find one more jab it seems.
&gt; The fact that he claims that he couldn’t get an appointment for the Genius Bar is false. There are several ways to make appointments one of which would be a phone call to AppleCare tech support. This was clarified later on, but that's simply not my responsibility. They were putting up an unnecessary wall to me getting an appointment through Express Lane, and were not contractually entitled to doing so, which was the reason for my suit.
Proof was sent to the mods, but you're entitled to your opinion.
The layers in my state are small claims, which is a constituent of the district court, so appeals go to the circuit court, and the next level is the state supreme court, which I understand only really hears appeals if it's a matter of law, not a matter of fact, so most things end in the county circuit court.
&gt;The fact of the matter is, you’re pounding your chest on this post as though you’ve won some big victory. According to public records, I defeated a major corporation in a competent court of law with no lawyer and no real law background. I call that a victory. If you kick Mike Tyson's ass but he "wasn't really trying," that doesn't make it less of a victory. He chose not to put up his A\-game. Doesn't change the binary result of the encounter. &gt;Apple probably never cared about the suit because it’s frivolous. I don't think you know what a frivolous lawsuit is. The first Google definition is, "any lawsuit that is filed with the intention of harassing, annoying, or disturbing the opposite party. It may also be defined as any lawsuit in which the plaintiff knows that there is little or no chance of the lawsuit succeeding if pursued in court." The objective of the lawsuit was to get my products serviced without a bunch of needless bullshit, and Apple failed to contractually require me to go through their needless bullshit. Therefore, the suit fails both tests: I didn't file just to mess with them, and I, the plaintiff, believed I had a strong cause of action. If Apple thought the lawsuit was frivolous, they could have electronically filed a Motion to Dismiss and a Motion for Sanctions against me to recover costs associated with the former. &gt;It would cost them more to send a lawyer than to just show up with the same manager and lose. You've now contradicted yourself. They'd be able to recover attorneys fees if they made the "frivolous" argument and the Court agreed, so the lawyer would have cost them nothing. If they didn't want to send a lawyer to keep costs low, they must have known that the case had some merit, no? &gt;You come across as being equally entitled So you agree that Apple is being entitled. Great. I also never once purported to not being entitled. I wouldn't necessarily proudly wear the crown, but just about my entire friend group knows that I fastidiously employ a policy of "the customer is always right;" even in my own business ventures in which I'm not the customer. &gt;you didn’t want to take 30 seconds to change a password And have to remember a new one for the millionth time. &gt;make a call to AppleCare support And have to sit on hold and/or deal with that ridiculous automated voice prompt. &gt;or even talk to the concierge at the front of the store and book a walk in appointment I don't know what your queue looks like at your store, but at this one, walk-ins were frequently unavailable past 5 PM, and/or at 2+ hour wait times. I'm not bumming around the mall for 2 hours waiting on the edge of my seat for Apple's precious text. &gt;or one for a later date. Incurring extra fuel expense, again, not my responsibility. I get it dude, the Kool-Aid there is intense, but Apple is still a business, run by humans, who screw up, and need to be held accountable for those errors. They are not omnipotent. And based on your defenses of almighty Apple, you're really bad at living the Credo. Apple's mistakes here are meant to be opportunities for you and your colleagues to shine. You seem to have forgotten that. So did the representatives who replied to my BBB complaint.
&gt; I would rather pay $20 for something made in America rather than something made in China for $10. This. This is why I do not entertain the detractors' comments that prices of goods will go up. I already elect to buy more expensive products because they were made here. My opinion is that if a company is cheap enough to outsource its production to a cheaper country, it's probably also cheap enough to slack on *materials* as well, meaning the product is going to wear out faster than one made locally where, apparently, the owners at least exercised a little bit of care rather than chasing pure profits. It's definitely a business's right to chase pure profit, but it's also my right to not buy their crappy product then.
That's how it works for automobile insurance, but who knows, the aviation insurance might not care about the verdict if they just find out that the citation was issued. Probably a different set of laws governing that.
The "Live!" thing is down here too? This was heavily co-branded on a number of casinos/performance venues in Maryland.
You're entitled to your opinion.
This has been answered in several comments.
&gt; You think you’ve won a landmark legal battle here bro. Nowhere have I implied that. &gt;decided to use the legal system for something it wasn’t intended for. To enforce contracts? It absolutely was. Again, you seem to keep pushing this idea that this was a frivolous suit, and yet you have no actual legal definition backing up your claim. I proved to you that it wasn't, and now you're still kicking and screaming. You're coming off as a whiner, bro. &gt;I surmised that Apple never cared about the case, therefore, they made a calculated decision to not send a lawyer since it would cost more than anything you could possibly be awarded damages for. As I said, they could have electronically filed a pleading - that this paralegal who had been e-mailing with could have written - for a whole lot cheaper than sending the manager. If they didn't care, why did they show up at all? Why didn't they just let me win a default judgment, smart guy? You're nothing out of the ordinary, dude. Same brainwashed Apple employee fanboys that unfriended me on Facebook when I criticized the iPhone 7 for lacking a 3.5mm port. You are wildly immature and exactly the type that will be working at that retail post until you die. Good riddance.
I'm not repeating the same answer for a 20th time because you are incapable of basic reading comprehension.
Eh maybe. I think it's more regulatory things that prevent it, though.
Capitalism does more for communities than the government? Who would've thought.
I would just recommend that OP stop drinking out. I realize it has a social value, but paying $10+ for something you can make at home for $0.50 is insane. Edit: "Lol fuck this guy for having an idea that would save money" - voters on this sub
I mean, I'm assuming we're talking about call liquors. Sometimes you can find $5 specials for those, but usually I've only ever found $3-5 rails, which factors into my argument even more, because you can make that drink at home for $0.15. Either way, eating/drinking out is always way more expensive than doing it at home.
I provided identification to the mods as well as the public record. If you are dissatisfied with their ruling, you can unsubscribe. It's really as simple as that. I do not owe you one iota of my time.
And you're more than entitled to it, even if it's wildly incorrect. Enjoy being a bitter hater.
Not for me. I prefer to save money. That's why I subscribe here.
You seem to think that corporate America has the right to trample over the consumer and that the consumers don't deserve their day in court. Interesting line of thought. You must have voted for Trump.
Not that I agree with the guy, but if you can't get him to change his mind, and you're going to get the suits dirty/ripped and can't afford expensive ones, just get some piece of crap off the clearance rack at Kohl's. Or Goodwill even can get you a full suit for $20 I think. He's requiring you to wear a suit, but if it's gonna get ruined, it doesn't have to be a good one. You'll probably look shittier in a lousy suit than you do currently in polo/jeans, and he might walk back the policy, heh. My company has a dress based on the needs of your schedule policy. If we have client meetings, we suit up. If we're just sitting in the office working on admin stuff, t-shirt and cargo shorts.
Of all places, I had this at a shitty casino in Las Vegas. I figured it'd definitely be stolen, but Security had it. I didn't have to show ID, but a picture of my wife, dog and I are on the lock screen, and my fingerprint unlocked Touch ID, so that was satisfactory to them.
You don't get Constitutional rights if you're not an American.
I think you'd experience the same things at a blackjack or poker table. Casinos have just traditionally been old boys clubs, and it's progressively worse at the tables. At best, the ladies were relegated to the slot machines. You'd probably have the same problem at a cigar bar or Ted Nugent concert. Not endorsing that behavior, but it's just stuff that will die off over time after all the current players die from lung cancer or liver failure.
I moved here from Virginia where the rent was $2300 for a 1BR and we had the same median income as DFW. You'll be fine
I definitely understand the PR angle. Even if the contracts and terms all say that the vendor isn't responsible for individual security of accounts, they'll still be in the news and stock prices will dip, etc. if there's a mass breach of accounts. But that's definitely a product of, like you say, people just don't have any accountability anymore. It's always someone else's fault but theirs. But the bad press happens anyway with services that do have good infosec, so it's not like investing in all these silly password rules actually does anything to prevent the breaches. Just wastes money and irritates your customers. If you're gonna end up with egg on your face either way, you might as well do it on the cheap.
I'm not sure I understand what you mean. For us to even be eligible for RA through our insurance, we have to pay that $10/month fee and have it packed into our policy each month. It's not a one-time service fee, it's a monthly increase in premium that over a year costs $120 - about $40 more than AAA. You also get a card with an AAA membership, so either way, you can call a number right out of your wallet.
DC is bordered by Maryland and Virginia. Maryland is the liberal side and you're not allowed to have guns, very UK-esque laws. Virginia is the more conservative side and is pro-gun, though this is changing as the Maryland liberals move to Virginia to get away from the crime, but then still cast foolish liberal votes. So you know what, just move to Dallas.
Reminds me of my dad, who was so frugal that he wouldn't signal if he was in a turn-only lane. He felt he was wasting the bulb. I'm in a left turn lane, I'm obviously turning left, not wasting that 1 cent of bulb power.
Ted sucks, but Beto sucks more.
Read what you agree to.
I usually fly with a firearm and actually have the rules *from tsa.gov* on this laminated to show the officers, because virtually *none* of them actually know what's up. They just make up rules on the fly until they're actually shown what the real policy is.
North Dallas suburbs here. Whatever the speed limit is, add 20 -- 30 if your vehicle's GVWR is in excess of 6,000 lbs.
Yeah, corporations *are* in the habit of offering services with zero terms and conditions.
I don't disagree. So we need to stop with this A vs B bullshit where the two sides are so wildly different from each other.
Yeah man, this is America. Someone just linked the details, but the TL;DR is, unloaded, locked in a case, checked beneath the plane, and it's all good in the hood. I actually recommend people to fly with one even if you don't use or like guns. Do it with a starter pistol. It will absolutely guarantee that your baggage will not be lost. *No* airline wants to be the one that lost a *gun.* They will all but have Alfred Pennyworth hand-deliver your bag to you on a velvet pillow.
Oof. And I know the MWAA police are a special type of crayon-eater so that probably wouldn't go well despite having the rules on me. Out of curiosity, can you share any details about the court case you had with them? I'd be curious to hear the full story, if you're open to share.
It's 2018, most people are betas. Sit wherever you want and there's a very high likelihood that no one will ask you to move. That requires guts, and guts became obsolete like 10 years ago. But in all seriousness, there was a thread about this last week, and FAs could technically enforce that only *you* got the priority boarding, not your whole family, so you can't save seats if someone else wants them... and if you're really worried about not being a jerk, I'd say you'd only really be playing that part if you took the exit rows or front rows because those have the extra legroom. Even in row 2 I don't think people would hassle you for saving seats.
I was trained from when I was a toddler that if I ever needed to call 911, the location was most important. They can send all three (police/fire/EMS) if I can't articulate *why* I'm calling as long as they know where I am - and then send the guys they don't need home. They can't send any guys if they don't know where to send them.
I genuinely don't understand why shitty bosses are shitty. If there's anything I've learned from various leadership classes, it's that not being a dick makes your team want to work harder for you, which is what you want since you're ultimately accountable for your deliverables. If you're a jerk to everyone, they hate you and want to see you fail and will probably make that happen for you.
For the gun thing, I've never had to do it before, so I can't speak to that. For the iPad they sent the check for, I just submitted a Complaint form on [tsa.gov](https://tsa.gov) and the check was their answer to the complaint.
Maybe if you weren't trying to tell us there were 52 genders, we'd actually vote for one of your candidates.
Academia literally gives it a stage by putting preferred pronouns on nametags at conferences. Don't be disingenuous and pretend the problem doesn't actually exist.
Was it a 737-700? Those are the oldest in Southwest's fleet. I just refuse to book myself or my wife on those aircraft anymore. When booking, you can hover over the flight number on Southwest's website to see what type of aircraft is assigned to the route. It's subject to change, but so far, I haven't had any "surprise 700s" on my routes, only 800s.
I only started employing this policy after the incident on WN1380.
Ehhh Vector would still reach out to me and say "hey, your friend is doing this, and they mentioned you'd be interested in it too." So it wasn't a direct MLM, but there was definitely some referral business in the works.
&gt;have me considering moving back to Vegas. Record scratch. Don't do this. It can stop being real fun real quick when it becomes your whole life and it's that accessible.
Yep, that's why I said last week, Ted sucks, but Beto sucks more. Unfortunately, as always, I'm stuck for voting for the shinier of two turds.
&gt;What was best for both parties to reach an amicable decision without wasting the resources of the Courts They were given this opportunity via the BBB and decided to be snarky instead of reasonable. &gt;Courts, which are reserved for people that NEED relief from the WORST people in society - CRIMINALS This was in civil court, so you either know nothing about the court system to realize that there are generally two dockets in each, or, to play along, Apple had indeed committed a crime: breach of contract does have statutes in my state's code as well as the Uniform Commercial Code (adapted in most states). &gt;Apple's Legal Team didn't deem this case worthy of any sort of attention That must be why they sent a manager, and then later wrote him a note that said they think it's OK for him to represent him. That's more effort than just not showing up at all, or settling. &gt;will be passed back on to us, the innocent consumers, to settle. I mean, maybe you shouldn't support a company that behaves this way, then. No one's making you buy their products if you feel that their recklessness that landed them in court is impacting your bottom line. You seem to not be able to string together coherent arguments and have the temperament of a child. Good luck leveraging that in your professional life.
I don't want the article in my search history, so you guys are on your own, but there was some story out of Prince William County, VA a while back about some kid who sent his girlfriend a dick pic. Her parents found out and pressed charges against the kid and the detectives were trying to get a court order to make him show them his dick so that they could compare the photo and prove it was his dick in court. I forget if that ever actually went through or if it got stopped at the last second.
Scotts Cheap Flights is also a good resource for cheap flights and mistake fares, combined with Momondo to squeeze out the absolute bottom dollar. My wife and I did our honeymoon in Cinque Terre, Italy and Scott had a flight from JFK to Milan on an Emirates A380 for $300 each round trip. We were married in DC and live in TX though, but no big deal - a friend of ours was happy to drive us up in exchange for borrowing my EZPass to fund his day trip in NYC, we used the rather cheap Trenitalia trains in Italy to get between Milan and the places we wanted to go, and on the way back, we found a cheap Southwest flight out of LGA back home, so a $25 taxi ride between airports. All in, I think we went DC - NY - Italy - TX for like $800 all-in.
As others have indicated, it sounds like you work for a fairly large company. Usually your e-mail addresses are standardized - first.last@company.com or flast@company.com - if you notice this pattern between you and your colleagues, figure out the owners name, and then assume his e-mail address following the same pattern. If it's a REALLY big chain, the owner/CEO's email is probably already public on sites like RocketReach.
I know that it stands for Companion Pass, but we should probably avoid using the acronym.
Good, Jack is swill anyway. Drink a grown-up whiskey. Also, since no one seems to read but headlines anymore, this is only in the EU, so none of you should really care.
Me too. He was a fun guy.
You need a grown-up understanding that no one across the pond really gives a shit about Jack, so their international sales taking a hit really won't affect their bottom line.
Jack Daniels is not a bourbon. Try again.
The rent market is doing just fine. Do the prices not adequately reflect living in a city with such prowess?
It never was a democracy. We were a constitutional republic with a *representative* democracy.
It's been 18 months since a licensed concealed carry permittee has committed an act of gun violence and yet we still have a bunch of states that make it damn sight impossible to get a permit.
&gt;Ginsberg is next. It's doubtful that she'll live out the year. Negative. I met her last year at the SCOTUS Christmas Party. She's in incredible shape. She's definitely next in terms of being the oldest one on the bench, but I don't think she's going anywhere for a while.
I've long advocated for first responders to use blackout curtains so that people won't rubberneck to see what the commotion is on the shoulder. It would actually aid public safety because a lot of accidents happen from people gawking at another accident.
We used to call it the "lookie loos"
Or just gamble at MGM Resorts a good bit.
That's why this site is so full of Bernie supporters. They're all still stuck working the front desk and not moving on in a career path because they don't understand the basic tactful principles of customer service, and so they're mad that they still only make 12 bucks an hour.
Writing to you now from 36,000 ft. They've got FOX 5 New York, FX, and Fox News. No FS1.
Because the whole concept of this country relies on personal responsibility. We left Britain because they wanted to tax us out the wazoo for all the social services. If you want world-class healthcare and education, it's on you, individually, to pay for it under the capitalist system. If you cannot afford the world-class care, that is your problem, personally - no one else's.
Almost all of them side with the law, the question is just how do they *interpret* the law. You can interpret any set of words a lot of different ways. That's why conservatives liked Scalia, because he was an originalist. He would view the language of the 2nd Amendment through the lens of how the Founders were thinking when they wrote it back then - not how it would "flex" into today's use cases (which is how some judges interpret the law - more with today's context).
Because the simple constitutional principles that this country was founded on require that they be analyzed in the context of the time that they were implemented. That's where things like the understanding that the 2nd amendment exists to protect the populace from *government* - not some criminal down the street, that's just a cherry on top - come from. Thus, the 2nd amendment is designed so that the citizens have the same firepower as the government, so they can't be overtaken by a tyrannical one - kinda why we became a country - and yet the more Democratic view of the law is trying to make sure that we don't have that ability and that the government will always have an upper hand over it's people, because AR-15's look scary and/or the 2nd amendment was written during a time of muskets, so everyone's only entitled to muskets.
It sounds like neither of us really came here to debate gun control, so I'm going to keep this short - the 2nd was just the most ready example I could provide for my previous point - but the whole argument about "well regulated militia" that the left likes to use to imply that only the military should get guns, or that we need all these weird regulations, has long been settled by Alexander Hamilton in the Federalist Papers.
The world is not so drastically different today than it was back then. The same principles apply, and our problems are far less significant than the problems the founding fathers wrestled with. You have a very shortsighted worldview and appear to be incapable of seeing the big picture.
&gt; We have to ability to communicate live over thousands of miles in real time. This is not what I meant, and you knew it going into your reply. Don't be disingenuous. My point is that the world isn't worse off or facing imminent death like we did 300 years ago. &gt;The founding fathers didn't have to contend with anything on the scale of what we face in modern society. Here we go. &gt;Technology Not a threat &gt;a global economy Difficult but not a threat &gt;climate change Are you fucking kidding me? &gt;nuclear proliferation Not a constitutional crisis that SCOTUS deals with. With the exception of this one, everything you're mentioning still sets out to just say that the world is different, but it's not decidedly worse, which is what your tone was setting up for in your earlier comment, and what I was responding to. You've intentionally and willfully moved the goalposts to talk about the fact that the world has simply evolved when the original point was if it was dealing with more challenging things that require the SCOTUS to look at the Constitution through a modern lens. You've still failed to prove that original point. &gt;We have the power to make a large portion of this planet uninhabitable by human life, which is not something the founders had to tackle in the slightest. Hold on, Captain "Lives in the Now" - who the fuck cares about future inhabitance of human life? We're only focused on the *right. now.* The past or future doesn't concern us, only the present, yeah? &gt; Your opinion on this matter so far has only demonstrated ignorance on your part. "You like your gun rights, so clearly you're intellectually inferior to me." &gt;You seemingly have to real concept of the scope of the issues modern society faces. You strike me as a habitual complainer and pessimist who chooses to view everything in a negative light, despite the fact that our overall quality of life has improved drastically over the last 300 years, because you've chosen to read for-profit media that tells you everything is scary because *that's how they sell papers.* Good luck with the negative attitude. Some of us are plenty content with the America we have now, and if you turn off the TV and Reddit and actually go outside and talk to your neighbors once in a while, you might see just how fine everything is.
&gt; Bye felicia. So you're too immature to proceed with rational debate *and* using teenage girl phrases to make that point? Got it. I didn't think you were that decent of an opponent to begin with. Quitter.
So leave it open until the fire burns out, essentially? When the fire went out from me closing it, there was still basically no heat. No smoke coming from exhaust, and hot dogs didn't even get lukewarm.
Lol, I got banned from Nextdoor for making this point. Old ladies can't take criticism about their driving.
But that's *mean* and *hurts people's feelings* so of course liberals will be on her side.
Agreed. I don't even like most of the people who work for them - they're rude and unhelpful. But I guess that stems from the fact that their employer doesn't care about them.
&gt;"No change fee" great, but when you do change it you end up paying an enormous fare difference unless you booked a full fare (not "wanna get away") price. That's more than other airlines offer though, where you pay $200 no matter what. I actually find it more useful with Southwest to change my flight when the price goes down - I've gotten many a refund that way. &gt;And it's been many years since I got an A group on Southwest. I can check in the instant it opens up and still get something like B55 Because like most airlines, loyalty members come first. Business fares get A1-15, and A-List and A-List Preferred (me) get A16-???. All of those people get checked in 36 hours in advance, so yeah, the deck is a little stacked when you check in at 24 hours...but you gotta build up loyalty to get up there, or pay for the upgrade to get into the good boarding position.
Sounds like most of the feedback so far is for Downtown. I prefer the Strip, so for my $.02, Luxor and Excalibur usually have $5 tables, especially during off-peak times. I personally play at the Aria which is a higher-end casino, but always seems to have $10 craps despite almost never having &lt;$50 blackjack.
Are you sure about that? I just booked an American flight to Heathrow with basic economy and I'm pretty certain it said I had no access to the overhead bins - only underseat personal items. (Edit: Just checked, you're right. Neat.) I'm not a huge fan of having a bunch of credit cards that lock to specific brands - as much of a Southwest loyalist as I am, I've never had nor will I ever have their credit card - so that's why I just prefer the airlines don't charge for them at all. I hate United since they like to kill dogs and beat people up, but my Marriott status links over to them to give me a free bag, so that's better than having to have some extra credit card.
I mean, when I'm paying $0 a bag right now, I don't find it the same way :) I get that they can be used for everything, I was just saying that I don't like signing up for various credit cards to get benefits locked to one vendor. I guess it's beneficial if you're an American loyalist who flies a lot, but like I said, as much as I fly Southwest, I just don't see the point in paying $75 for their credit card despite it being accepted everywhere. The miles I'd earn don't compare to the fact that I just get a flat 2% cash back bonus with my boring Navy Federal Visa.
Depends on when you were there. Fri-Sun you'll be hard pressed to find $5 anything anywhere (except maybe Downtown where it's more common). I always go to Vegas Mon-Thurs because the hotels and flights are cheaper, and thus so are the table minimums.
I have the Hyatt Legal Plan through my employer, so the attorneys fee was covered by them. That said, being that its insurance, I'm sure they don't pay top dollar which is why he may not have worked as hard for me as someone paying full price, but now I'm trying to fix all that. I'm sure for a Floridian the points are a primary concern, but the original attorney knew I was a Texan (must not have relayed this to his buddy) and knew that my reason for dispute was that I disagreed with the facts of the citation, not the fine or the points.
I'd really wonder how that works though, because each state has different points for different violations. I'd think it'd be too complex for them to "convert" points between systems which is why I'd think they wouldn't come over, but you could be right. Either way, the lawyer didn't dispute the facts of my case at all which is why I'd like to try and get it reheard. Not sure what my options are now that the magistrate has denied my "motion" letter.
I agree that I was speeding, but not to the degree which the officer claimed. He was also actively driving the opposite way which I think would have messed with the radar running (maybe not, but these are all things I would’ve expected the attorney to try before just pleading me out on a deal that cost me more $ and saved me points I don’t think I’d have been issued across state lines.) The speeding fine is calculated per MPH over the limit, so my argument that I wasn’t exceeding the limit by those extra 9 MPH amounts to close to $100.
I suppose so. Even still, I'm stunned that contesting it resulted in a *higher* fine. The lawyer should have consulted with me to say "hey, I can get you this deal that will skirt the points, but it's gonna cost you...or, just pay up and save some dough."
Points expire if I keep my nose clean. $100 doesn't magically show back up in my bank account if I keep my nose clean. I also take a huge ethical issue with how traffic citations work in this country - they are almost always a source of revenue and rarely objectively about public safety - if I committed a crime, great. Issue the points that track me towards a license suspension if I keep up this behavior, or revoke my license, or put me in jail. Don't just send me a bill and let me walk because you just got my donation for the policeman's ball. My principles tend to get in my own way quite often, but yes, I'd rather have spent the night in jail for reckless driving than give this community one cent - and, frankly, since this is the type of kangaroo court they choose to operate in Key West, they can rest assured that my family will never return to support their sole export, tourism, nor would I recommend anyone vacation there. If I have zero recourse with the court, do I have any recourse against this lawyer's conduct with the Florida Bar? Can I appeal to a higher court that maybe has more than a magistrate at the helm?
He didn't say that, but I got that by working there for a number of years and maxing out on their ESPP. I have so much in that that it's presently not feasible for me to balance it out with other stocks I have to pay cash for. And hey, it was a Ritz Carlton bar, so... I imagine the guy knows a thing or two about having money...
I got the AAPL 5 years ago when I worked there and just maxed out on their ESPP. It was before the 7:1 split.
What got me into it was I worked at Apple a while ago and maxed out their ESPP - that's how my portfolio ended up so heavy on them - but my thinking at the time was "my God, working here, this place is a fucking cult, and so are all the customers...this has got to be a good investment." I work for a defense contractor now but I don't even do their ESPP because it (at least, it's trend) is not as "sure thing" as AAPL used to be.
Yeah, I don't have any reason to need the cash now - it'll be at least a few years before I might cash out for a down payment on a home - I'm just worried that they'll bottom out and never come back. AAPL's days are numbered I think - they've never been the same since Jobs died.
I could do that, but since I got in to $AAPL around the $80 mark, it's really hard for me to buy more at double what I paid. It just seems foolish (even though I realize that if it shoots up to the $200s, I stand to make good profit on the new shares and excellent profit on the old shares). This is a very tough thing for a frugal person like myself to do, ha.
I've brought stuff in the branded box before. Sure, they can try to steal it if they want, but if I were a baggage handler, I would just assume it's clothes or some other crap in an old Shark box. &amp;#x200B; That said, when you fly SWA with not-luggage, they'll accept it but make you sign a waiver that if it goes missing, they don't have the capacity to replace it. So they'll haul it, but at your own risk.
False. A Prius is definitely less than 50 lbs and 62 total inches.
You can expedite this process by bringing the FA a $2 Dunkin Donut.
It is an airport, after all.
Love Field
Never heard it in Plano and we're in the shitty part where home prices still start with 2s.
This. And they're so irresponsible with your tax dollars that they'll probably just mail you a check for replacement value. I filed a complaint once just because an agent was being a jerk and had tossed my iPad irresponsibly, but there was nothing wrong with it; they sent me a check for $649 and said go buy a new iPad.
Not if Saudi Arabia keeps executing journalists.
It would mean it might not have caught ramp agents' attention to double check where it was finally destined for, but once it sits in the airport long enough with a tag declaring a different destination airport, they should hopefully eventually get it to you. I had the opposite happen to me - I checked a bag about 4 hours before my flight, and there was another SWA flight going to the same destination in about 2 hours. They loaded it on that flight, not checking the flight number, and my bag beat me there.
Like someone else said, tweet them. I don't call companies anymore. I don't have time for their ridiculous hold queues and menus.
Neither is Jackett. I've never encountered worse software in 5 years of systems administration *for the government*. The documentation is missing all kinds of things about it needing it's own user to run, needing to be added to wheel, and 50 other things I had to configure myself just as guesses, and I can only get it running as ./jackett and yet nothing shows up when accessing the port it's listening on in my browser. The service always fails and journalctl provides zero useful feedback, just that it arbitrarily failed.
How so? The documentation is missing all kinds of things about it needing it's own user to run, needing to be added to wheel, and 50 other things I had to configure myself just as guesses, and I can only get it running as ./jackett and yet nothing shows up when accessing the port it's listening on in my browser. The service always fails and journalctl provides zero useful feedback, just that it arbitrarily failed. I've been wildly unimpressed with Jackett. It's not ready for production.
They've stopped doing a lot of long distance nonstops from locations where they aren't the dominant carrier. They suspended IAD-LAS years ago in favor of BWI-LAS, probably because they had more buying power at BWI to negotiate down costs.
Which probably also contributes to SWA abandoning it. Las Vegas is a great place to go for a truly cheap vacation since it's so subsidized by gaming. The Aria is a certified 5-star diamond resort and you can stay there for about $109/night. If you slum it at the Excalibur which is still totally fine 3-star quality, it's like $20/night. The people going there are trying to keep expenses as low as possible to have more cash to take to the tables and clubs... so Spirit and Frontier are definitely gonna win out. In fact, I'm going to LAS in September and Sun Country got me for $50 round trip. Probably gonna be landing *in* the Excalibur but hey it was cheap. If I'm not mistaken AA has a big presence at PHL which probably explains their routes. IIRC, a friend of mine flew DCA-PHL-LAS when we met up out there.
I can see two sides to this. Trying to take her picture was a little obnoxious and tips her off that you're going to complain, which led her to conceal her identity and probably try to boot you off the flight by calling up to the flight deck and embellishing the story. In the future, in a situation where you're going to complain about someone, I'd find a subtle way to get their name without their knowledge; or, as others have indicated, the airline would know who was staffing a particular flight. All of that said, I think it'd be a wasted effort to send this up to Southwest. They don't even take real complaints about their service seriously, and they're huge horndogs about defending their employees as omnipotent gods. The complaint will likely get folded up and put under someone's desk leg to keep it from wobbling. You might get a $50 LUV voucher as a pat on the head.
"I almost died" is probably a sufficient reason to get out of late fees (unless that wasn't what was restricting your schedule) If it makes you feel better I didn't want to get off George Bush because to get back on after things cleared up I'd have to pay an extra $0.36
You overestimate the intelligence of Americans.
If you consider low six figure salaries "ultra rich," then I guess I can't help you, but I don't consider myself "ultra rich" and am quite content not having my taxes raised to pay for unnecessary social services and for Congress to get another raise.
Because government *is* trash. I'd be a little less bitter about paying so many taxes if the government showed that, for five seconds, it could be effective at doing a singular task. For context, I actually work in government consulting, so my entire job *exists* because the government is woefully incompetent at mind-numbingly simple efforts. As an example, I live in a city that takes great pride in having a low per-citizen debt and providing excellent city services that follow the customer service standards of successful private enterprises. I don't mind paying taxes to them because they pay their employees well, which in turn, means good services for those of us that pay. The federal government doesn't have a prayer of ever matching that level of stakeholder satisfaction.
Fortunately, this was in AWS, so I had a Snapshot from about a week ago that I restored from. The rub now is that, despite the AWS Console saying that I've got two volumes attached to the instance, df only shows the one - the older one, which is my current runtime, because my borked Python issue is gone. It says one is attached to /dev/sda and the other to /dev/sdf but neither of those are available in CentOS - only /dev/xvdf1. Hesitant to nuke the other running volume since I can't see how to detach it.
I've been trying to install [this event management software](http://pretix.eu) that first said it needed Python 3.4. Then I ran the install again and it says nvm I need Python 3.5. So I just went all the way to 3.7 because it sounds like whatever code does a version check wasn't capable of telling me how high I needed to go, so I went for latest stable. Unfortunately, now it's still having a bunch of problems with pip installing various components needed for this thing - I'm super not a Python guy and I think they intentionally made the installation a PITA because they sell it as a SaaS solution, so they're probably hoping people give in and just pay them to host it.
Yeah, I know, but I've had some [difficulties with Docker](https://www.reddit.com/r/sysadmin/comments/c2hh2c/tifu_by_removing_python/erk7jsp/) that have momentarily turned me off to it. I tend to shy away from learning curves, so at some point I'll need to sit down with a friend who's a big Docker-head and have him push me through the walls.
Oh, so /u/Brandhor's comment just made me realize what you meant. I was using a venv for the Pretix installation, but it kept demanding a higher version of Python 3. After it kept having issues installing dependencies via pip, I decided to nuke the lower version to prevent any further confusion, and this turned out to be a poor decision. Still having issues getting Pretix installed so I'm about to just give up on it. No ticketing software is worth this headache.
Yeah, it's usually in a full-size carry-on because I'm not working on the flight. Even if my employer is paying for it, I refuse to pay $15 for Wi-Fi.
This is my mom's governmental office. Their tech guy is one of the GIS mappers who "knows computers." I've upended him numerous times in really basic knowledge stuff.
https://pastebin.com/0bYTXxMs
That was more the culmination of 35 years of mismanagement and bureaucracy leaving the system to disrepair. A new general manager came in and made the call to make those big changes because they were pretty necessary, especially since arc'ing 3rd rails had killed a lady earlier that year, I believe. Now the union is trying to get him removed. Can't win. It's one of the many reasons I moved. Also the fact that the house I paid $250k here for would have been $550k there.
No, I lost very minimal data by rolling back to this volume, just it doesn't seem to follow the directions - I was supposed to *have* to mount the recovery volume, but somehow, it did it automatically. Like you say, I just want to be sure I can nuke the borked volume safely since the AWS console says it's still mounted, but I don't see it in any of those outputs, so maybe AWS is wrong.
Yeah, as long as you and I pay for it, because other people are too irresponsible to care for their own young. Kid obviously shouldn't have to die, but we equally should not be responsible for other people's kids' care because they're shitty parents who can't provide.
&gt;Being unable to afford... doesn't mean you... can't provide Yes, it literally does. But, to get down to brass tacks for you: Being unable to care for your child means you're a shitty parent. Period. You either need to: * Work harder to afford childcare * Spend less to afford childcare * Find free or cheaper alternatives to childcare that doesn't fit in your financial situation It is exactly no one else's responsibility to care for your child but you. If you are incapable of doing that, you are an inept parent. No ifs, ands or buts. Paid child care is kicking my family's ass, it's pretty much a second mortgage. But we're grown-ups who will do anything for our son, so we grin and bear it and cut back on other expenditures and pick up extra income to make it work. It's called being an adult and a competent parent. I have precisely zero empathy for anyone who is not able or willing to do whatever it takes to care for their children. There are too many families unable to have children to make room for people who do a shitty job of taking care of the ones they do get.
Nice broad brush you've got there. Did you ever consider that we prefer to have firearms to protect our families and homes? I'm certain you'll retort with statistics on how firearms purportedly make a home less safe, and sure, unfortunately, there are a lot of idiots out there - but other people's idiocy should not preclude my right to defend myself, my home and my family, where we store and use our firearms safely. But, yeah, we're just a bunch of dumb rednecks trying to shoot up the "gubmint."
&gt; Some dude in a big truck with a bunch of asshole stickers on it literally almost ran me off the road but when I went to honk and flip him off (I know not the most mature thing), I held back because well, what if he had a gun and he went to shoot me but hit my baby in the back seat? So, you live in this unreasonable state of paralyzing fear that any driver who cuts you off is going to shoot you for honking at them? What's it like being that depressing? I really hope your sad worldview doesn't rub off on your child, because the last thing we need in our society is more folks like yourself who are borderline afraid to go outside because you've watched enough TV to convince yourself that there's just a hail of bullets flying overhead all day. &gt;Some people say, "well, an armed society is a polite society" but what he did wasn't exactly polite. And yet, there's exactly zero evidence so far that this person was even armed to begin with. You're making assumptions because this dude drove a "big truck" - apparently all truck owners are also gun owners? - and you've made this connection in your mind that because he had "asshole stickers," and since I'm certain you view all gun owners as assholes, this also means he had three shotguns on his passenger seat? In all honest-to-God seriousness, it sounds like you need to work these issues out with a trained mental health professional who may be able to treat this crippling anxiety. This is not healthy for you or your child.
&gt; You've probably been well-off your entire life. You know me so well. Working minimum wage fast food and retail jobs to put myself through college definitely is being "well-off." The fact that I literally just indicated to you that paid child care is kicking my family's financial ass right now apparently also tells you how "well-off" I am. Did you even read the post? &gt;Providing for a family is difficult enough on minimum wage that many people have to take a second job. If you're only working minimum wage jobs, maybe you shouldn't start a family if you won't be adequately positioned to care for them? My wife and I waited years to start a family until we had a little bit of financial security. The childcare angle blindsided us, but we at least made sure we were comfortable enough to feed a child and pay for his healthcare before we did the hanky panky. &gt;surprise expenses like medical bills or a wrecked car on top of that. This is why you buckle down and aggressively save any income you don't absolutely need for bills. None of this is particularly hard. /r/personalfinance has a whole flowchart if folks are confused. &gt;Average cost of childcare a month is nearly $1000 I know, I get that bill. Again, you're not reading. &gt;I guess you just pick up a third and fourth job We did, technically. My wife and I both have full-time day jobs. I drive Lyft on weekends and she's trying to sell candles made from his baby food jars on Etsy to generate some extra income. &gt;It's that easy! Where, exactly, did I say it was "easy?" Can you link me to that comment? I never said it was easy, I said it was your duty as a parent. It is not anyone else's job to have to fill in the gaps that you failed to fill in as an incompetent provider. It will be hard, but it's your fucking job. I have zero pity for people who invest their time in whining about how hard it is when that time could be better spent providing for their offspring.
&gt; Suddenly the father dies This is why people carry life insurance policies. Not having one is irresponsible. I am a majority chunk of the income generated in this household, so if something does happen to me, my wife and son would be screwed if I didn't have a policy. &gt; She has to immediately pick up two more jobs, and needless to say, she can't provide for her kids. How is that a "needless to say?" She picks up two more jobs, for a total of three, and can't provide for the kids? Can you break this down for me, because I genuinely don't see how even three minimum wage positions wouldn't cover the expenses of caring for the kids. If we're talking specifically about the high cost of day care that she'd be unable to pay three times over, then I cycle back to how it was even more irresponsible for the father, whose income apparently covered those expenses, to not have life insurance or a savings cushion built up in the event of such a catastrophe. &gt;You'd call her a terrible mother. Only if, in recognizance of her inability to pay for day care, *she left her kids in the fucking car all day.* This whole argument started because someone (I forget if it was you or not) argued that Elizabeth Warren would make taxpayers pay for the three kids' day care costs so that they wouldn't have to die in a hot car, which is an enormous mental leap. If you can't pay for day care, the immediate alternative is not to let your kids bake in a car, when there is abundant information available about why that's a terrible idea. &gt;You have no right or ability to judge whether they're a terrible parent or just in a terrible situation. You're not wrong here. But I also have the right to keep my earnings and not have to pay for other people's expenses because of their failures, or, if you'd like me to use more generous language, their unfortunate situations. &gt;This is an example of why it is our responsibility as a nation to help people when they're in need. No, it really isn't. Shit happens, we do our best to prepare for it, but it is imperatively NOT the responsibility of the government, via anonymous wage-earners, to fix everyone's situations. People love throwing taxable donations at GoFundMe pages, make use of people's charity if you really can't make ends meet. To clarify my position, if this fictitious mother you've invented walked up to me on the street and said "Hey, this dude on Reddit judged you and assumes you've got $100k in your pocket, I'm in {recap of unfortunate situation} and really need some help caring for my kids," I'm likely to help her out. But it is 100% not the responsibility or within the authority of government to use force and guns to *make* me help her out. That's my problem with this whole scenario. We *should* help each other out *voluntarily.* But I do not need some Massachusetts senator (who makes nearly $200k a year - who has she helped, recently?) - who is just farting out whatever gimmicks she can to drum up primary votes, with probably zero intention to make them effective policy if she is elected president - proudly saying that she will force people into compliance to paying for everyone else's shitty situations. That is NOT how America should work, and I will die on that hill. Good thing I've got life insurance.
&gt;I dont i see a situation where the cops come busting your door down unless it gets really popular and there's 30-40 guys in your house making noise. [Oh, they definitely do that.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/local/wp/2015/01/27/fairfax-swat-team-raids-high-stakes-great-falls-poker-game-seizes-cash-terrifies-players/?noredirect=on&amp;utm_term=.3f022eb6ec18)
Yeah, costing me more money because the rest of you can't get your shit together, great idea.
As a former A-List Preferred traveler who used them for business travel, I have a few. EDIT: Hilarious that I'm downvoted for these because I'm not fellating the airline. 1. Almost always delayed due to bad operations (not a force majeure event), making me either late to work or keeping me from getting home to my family. 2. It rained once while the ramp was unloading bags, so they left my bag in the rain for an hour and everything became soaked inside, and they refused to pay for the hotel laundry bill. 3. The ramp destroyed one of my bags once when there were no weather excuses to be made, and refused to replace it because it was a higher-end brand, instead only offering me a $50 LUV voucher (1/6th the cost of the bag, maybe 1/3rd if you really wanna adjust for depreciation). 4. My father-in-law is a disabled veteran with a service animal (not an ESA) and we had a rude ops agent tell us that he wasn't entitled to preboard, despite me showing her [Southwest.com](https://Southwest.com) on my phone saying that he was. 5. Never actually *doing* anything to fix any of this, despite executive escalations. They rained thousands of dollars of LUV vouchers on me but never gave any indication that they would try and institute meaningful change. They were absolutely dumbfounded when I began refusing the vouchers and told them I'd much rather them fix the root cause of the issue, which the were incapable of doing. 6. Their Twitter agents have gone down the tubes, being incompetent, illiterate, or just plain unhelpful. I'm sure there's a bunch more that I'm forgetting, but I switched to United and surprisingly they've been walking the straight and narrow. Haven't been delayed once over my last dozen flights, they haven't damaged my bags, and their customer service has actually been surprisingly decent compared to years ago when I swore them off. Just better not fly with a dog.
His tacky events that he sells $50 tickets to, without even showing up to himself, are what puts him in that bin for me. My wife listens to his podcasts religiously and it sounds like good buckle-down advice, until he wants you to pay for tickets to his phony events so that he can buy another $3 million house.
Yep, it's pretty hypocritical. Also, the one thing the dude will put before *all* of his savings advice is tithing. I'm a card-carrying Christian but I'll tell you right now that if you're having trouble feeding your kids or making rent, you don't need to put money in the bowl to help Joel make his jet payment.
This is my pet peeve when watching TV/movies. My wife rolls her eyes whenever anyone on TV is handling a firearm because she knows I'm about to bitch about their trigger discipline.
Almost no one on either side of the aisle actually has, or actually follows their oath to uphold it. More reasons why the two-party system is a cancer.
I understand your frustration, but this is not a reason to call the police. I'm amazed at how many people want other people to solve their problems for you. It is very easy to walk next door and explain the very situation you just provided to the partiers, and politely ask them if they could at least keep it down a little bit. It works just fine with my neighbor who likes to play music while he works outside at 11pm, and hell, it even worked just fine in college when I had an 8am Saturday class and all the neighboring dorms were going hard. Like two weeks ago people were complaining on this sub because people keep their bags on seats on DART and don't remove them when other people board and need seats. I asked "did you ask them to move it?" and the resounding answer was a stammering "well, no." Just talk to people. They're not as scary as you think.
So, here's my recommendation, perhaps far out of left field: If it escalates to the point of violence, back down? And then maybe those would be conditions that would incentivize me to move, if my neighbors respond to polite requests for respectful quiet with a firearm. I find it hard to believe that a polite request would be met with gunfire, so without doing much research on your specific situation, I'm going to assume someone went to go bitch at their neighbor and was kicking things off with attitude, which just exacerbated the situation. My evidence may be anecdotal, but as previously stated, I've been in this situation a number of times and found that being a human being about it has resulted in a 100% success rate, and a 0% guns in my face rate.
I don't really fly with any \*A carriers, I'm almost exclusively a domestic traveller. And on my routes, there's always E+ availability even at the bulkhead at check-in, so it sounds like a nice perk, but one I'm not super missing out on.
When fare enforcement is having to throw vagrants off at almost every stop, I can't say that I blame them.
I've never gotten an aircraft ticket, but I lived in NoVA for many years. Fairfax and Loudoun Counties absolutely are the devil about traffic citations. I have dozens, and they're really underhanded about where they hide, and the GDC is just a kangaroo court that won't listen to any lawful reason why the citation is invalid. They just want the money, honey. Work on the MD side of the beltway. Been pulled over twice there. Both times, warnings. Never had a warning in VA, always "here's your ticket."
Vandalism is vandalism. No one is above the law.
When did I say that? I don't believe I said that. Can you cite what gave you that impression? If anything, I'm using the quote from Nadler to drive my point home. No one is above the law, not the president, and not some tools defacing products they didn't buy.
Manipulating anything you didn't purchase is vandalism.
I'm serious. If we're going to hold the highest people in the land to the standard of law, there's no excuse to not hold the lowest people in the land to the same standard. Equal application.
Dictionary definitions do not determine matters of law.
Because they bring a lot of policies and voting ideologies with them that non-Californians don't tend to appreciate. Things like the "you can't be tried for giving someone HIV" and such.
If you're allowed to defend yourself, why is it near-impossible to get a CCW in LA or SF?
I'm dead serious when I say, I just call the Governor. You'll get a receptionist in his office and can explain the problems you're having with DPS (typically, in my case, it's been them ignoring my get-in-line online placement in favor of just pulling random tickets out of the machines). About 15 minutes later a supervisor will come pull you out of the line and prioritize you. It shouldn't *have* to work that way, because part of me feels bad getting hand-picked out from everyone else waiting, but if they followed their own stupid processes, they wouldn't be in the mess they're in half the time.
Fair enough. I guess it would be up to a prosecutor.
For the reimbursement of lost rental income, they assigned it to someone with a turo.com e-mail address, they didn't say to go back to DMA claims. I didn't think to reach back to them, I thought they were just for the damage side of things. I can ping my adjuster at DMA if you think that would help. DMA was actually lickety split compared to just about every interaction I've had with Turo Support.
I realize I'm not the only person in their queue, but at least some indication that they received my message would be nice - they're just flat out not responding. I think it's a common business courtesy to get back to me and say, hey, sorry, we're busy and it's the holidays, give us a few more days. But the only message they sent after I opened the ticket was to expect a response on 12/27, that didn't happen, and my two follow-ups since have just been ignored. I don't think that's appropriate from a service perspective.
They didn't explicitly mention that. They just replied to the original ticket on 12/23 saying that it was assigned to an adjustor (one with a turo.com e-mail; not DMA). No responses since then despite multiple follow ups on the ticket.
I thought this was the thing from Kimmel last night. He sent a guy too, who almost got escorted out by Frisco PD.
Or headed to Dubai...
In-flight re-fueling
Ugh, I'm supposed to hop a United flight into DFW in 4 hours. And I have to come back for work Sunday night, so I'd like to see my family for more than 24 hours.
That was fucking dumb. Wait to go for 2 when you’re actually close to tying it up, not when you still have two fucking touchdowns to get.
So close. And they blew it.
It’s not actually their agent, that dude is an actor. But that is the joke, yes. And agents don’t have feelings. They answer to dollars only.
Modern problems require modern solutions.
Can you point to me exactly where I said I wanted to do literally anything? I don't want to do shit. I'm lazy. Do you know what happens when you "assume?"
I can handle it. My wife is a Pats fan. Cundiff comes up any time we have a fight about chores.
The Act wasn't in play until January 1. And since even California isn't quite sure how to enforce the law, their AG isn't enforcing it until July 1, so a lot of companies have some latitude over the next 6 months to implement links such as these.
I am. I used to like Tucker Carlson, because he was a straight-shooter, but lately I guess Fox leadership has told him to ramp up the sensationalism and doomsday factor a bit, making him a little less tolerable. I find Hannity to be outright unwatchable, and I wrote Laura Ingraham off as a desperate housewife 10 years ago. Generally speaking, my news comes from local stations that at least aren't as open with their political preferences. Fox, CNN, and MSNBC are all hell-bent on pushing their agenda, whichever slant that may be, and aren't really news channels anymore, but back-to-back talk shows, peppered with opinion to jam down your throat.
Hey Scott, thanks for what you all do. My wife and I went on our honeymoon to Rome on Emirates for $300 round trip sent out to Premium members. We got married in DC and the flight was JFK-Milan, but even with about $250 in train tickets on either side, this was a fantastic steal. My question: What’s the best way to try and score cheap first class upgrades? Often the found deals only apply to economy, and business/first tickets are still at the usual $10k rate. Any tips for either at-airport upgrades or finding cheaper fares to guarantee a higher fare class in advance?
Thanks! Apparently saying "we're on our honeymoon" doesn't work either. It worked for that couple on "Friends." But they said "that's nice....an upgrade is still 500 EUR."
&gt;Your realtor did you a huge disservice. As /u/elchicodelgado mentioned, realtors are precluded from saying a lot of stuff about crime in the area. They can point you to the resources to look it up yourself, but they can be found in violation of a lot of Equal Housing statutes by saying an area has problems, because a complainant could map such a statement to being racist/classist/etc. even if it wasn't overtly so.
Are airports actually private property? All airports in the US are owned by government entities, it's not like Simon owns any airports, so wouldn't they all inherently be public property?
So basically the government still reserves the right to give the lessee the boot and find someone else to operate the airport. Even still, I don't think who "operates" the airport determines if it's public or private property. The landowner does. If it's government land, I'd contend that it's public property, even if the building is maintained and such by a private entity.
I mean, that's federal employment, generally speaking. It's virtually impossible to be terminated from a federal position. You can pass off just about any ineptitude as some sort of disability, and you're protected. Even if you can't, the bureaucracy is so intricate that it's borderline impossible to actually fire a person. You'd have to do something heinous or criminal for it actually to be worth someone's time to go through that process. Doesn't matter if it's TSA, or a GS-15 at the DOJ.
I imagine it's one of those things that someone would have to file a civil lawsuit for, and have the burden of proving that the company violated the CCPA. Then they could recover the penalties as compensatory or punitive damages. I think. I seriously don't know, this is my wife's department. But I feel it'd be highly unlikely that CA can employ it's own Internet Police to try and have the state government catching these companies in the act.
Congrats. I'm still fighting with NFLShop over my Tucker jersey. They have absolutely horrendous customer service. (I moved to Texas or I'd just walk into a store and buy it in Baltimore)
Pay them Plano money and you might get people interested.
That would work if your average inner city were the least bit competent with managing money and not rife with corruption. Dallas could definitely afford to pay LEOs competitively, but there's too many hands in the honeypot, and they spend money on a bunch of other social programs that Plano simply doesn't have.
We're supposed to go to the Tokyo Olympics in July. Suddenly not looking forward to being in a more-overcrowded-than-normal city with people from every country in the world coughing on each other.
Damn, I'm severely allergic to pollen! Anyway, enough with the chit-chat. Start dropping the best food spots in Tokyo.
Maybe the shopowner is losing his business because he can't spell "acquire."
Wonder if DCA is. I'd doubt it. Once I get licensed, I'd love to fly the river visual 19. But MWAA loves money.
Darn. Not sure why they'd be so ornery about it as long as you don't break the P-56.
Big surprise. People who don't do their jobs well like the guy that wants to cement their inability to be terminated.
I'm on an airplane so I can't get that video to load right now, so I'm speaking from a blind spot. Not to give a multi-billion dollar industry the benefit of the doubt, but it probably is a lot more effort to track how much spend an individual has on a craps table, especially when, save for line+odds, your total spend usually isn't in some alignment directly ahead of you. Remember, this is a game that has to have borderline MIT statisticians as dealers, who on top of all the calculating they have to do, they have to remember whose chips are where. Blackjack and baccarat don't have as many bets to track, and what bets they do have, are sitting right in front of the player. The only three people who know where your money is out on the place bets/horn/etc. are you, your dealer, and God. Even the eye in the sky observers probably can't keep track of all that. That said, from the "casino just wants to profit" perspective, yeah, craps makes the casino a lot less money because the players are also usually skilled statisticians who know how to only bet on the things that maximize their ROI, whether that's a DP strategy or just maxing odds. Rarely does the game see novices (who don't quickly flourish into experts), so even with that bastard 7, it's harder for the casino to pocket as much money as they can from blackjack, where not only does luck apply far more than betting skill, but they've even installed CSMs to keep the deck heat variable. I can't explain baccarat as easily, as I think I've heard it's the lowest house edge in the casino; but I think baccarat players are also usually high rollers from foreign nations, so maybe there are other reasons to keep those players happy - their spend at restaurants and shows, etc.
Babies/toddlers are stronger than you might think. Mine has been in the children's hospital twice now for some things I'd rather not get into, but it's amazing how he just takes it all in stride. He can't even talk yet and probably couldn't comprehend what was really going on, but he just wanted to crawl around on the hospital floor and watch Paw Patrol like everything was chill. His only 'complaint' was that the miles of tape they put to keep him from pulling out his IV was making it difficult to crawl and play. He's all good now, and yours will be too. Especially with that kind of smile. Will keep y'all in our prayers.
I've said it a dozen times before, I'll say it again. Gary is trash. The airline will continue to have challenges, safety issues, lose the culture that made it great, and probably kill a few more people under his leadership (or lack thereof). United isn't objectively great, but I'm over here in MileagePlus world until Gary steps down or the board comes to their senses. I still vote against him in every shareholder's meeting.
I'm on your side, dipshit.
Yeah, I'm of the mind that when he played her at Schweikert, and she got pissed, she was about to break it off. I think at the last second she decided she could use him, since she was already emotionally done with him.
It's only illegal if you get caught. IRS doesn't need more money.
That statement is true. The difference is, physically assaulting someone is *always immoral*, which should be the standard we hold ourselves to; not the arbitrary rules written down by our legislators to ensure we can keep funding their chauffeur-driven Escalades, erroneous drone strikes, and $5 million settlements when an employee kneels on some dude's neck until he croaks. I don't assault anyone because it's immoral and a violation of their rights. If you ask me, short-changing Zacchaeus is the most moral thing I can do in this world.
If I can hijack this to ask a question of my own, why are we seeing so many posts of employers firing people and then telling unemployment that they quit? What's the gain for the employer to lie? It's not like their UI premiums change, do they?
The people who claim to care about the poor are usually people who work a white-collar job that allows them to work from home, or was exempted from the shutdowns. I was amazed how many people trivialized this as "what's the big deal? You just need to sit on your couch!" Journalists, IT people, etc. all said this. It was amazing how ignorant they were of people who work in retail, food service, or other work-with-your-hands jobs.
Almost everyone in this video will be fine. The Cosmopolitan attracts a young crowd, and young people, typically, have competent immune systems. It seems this sub forgets every 5 minutes that the virus is really only particularly deadly to the elderly and immunocompromised, who have no business being in this building. It also seems that this sub has conveniently forgot that we had shit testing for months, and that many, many COVID-positive people are totally asymptomatic, suggesting that the infection numbers are probably far greater than we know of, and yet, the death count remains fairly stable. But, by all means, contradict yourselves, live in fear, and cry about it on Reddit.
They mean what the sticker price was before you negotiated it down.
I contacted them. Unfortunately they weren't able to map it to any transactions or a source, besides telling me it's apparently been there for 18 months (prior to when I would have last changed my passwords and enabled 2FA). My police department is really good/bored about investigations, so I contacted their non-emergency line and had them come take a report; their theory is that someone overseas probably stole this guy's credit card information, and was using me as a sockpuppet to make purchases so I'd take the fall if they investigated. Fortunately, that never happened, and now at least I've got some documentation to show that I've seen the fraudulent activity myself.
I'm willing to go pretty much anywhere in the US and drive back to save a few thousand bucks, so whenever I buy a car - including my WRX - I go on [cars.com](https://cars.com), find the model/trim I want, sort by Price:Lowest and unlimit the distance I'm willing to go. Invariably, this gets you dealerships in New England that for whatever reason always sell Subarus for cheap. For my WRX, the dealerships in my town would not match those prices, calling my bluff on "You won't drive all the way to New Hampshire to make this trade." Well, I did. In a blizzard. 12 hours for an 8 hour drive, one-way. But I got my WRX Premium for 26.5k down from I think 30k MSRP. When I got my Forester, I showed the GM at my dealership photos from that trip along with the [cars.com](https://cars.com) listing that showed a $3k lower price at a dealership in Massachusetts. I said, "I drove that trip both ways because I had a trade-in. I don't have a trade-in this time, so don't think I won't fly to make that trip one-way." They made the deal.
Yeah. Blizzard. New Hampshire. I did a lot of "look quickly and just roll on through" at stop signs.
This sub has never been one for accepting responsibility for their own actions. Everything is always everyone else's fault.
It's... it's a satire website. It's called The "Stonk" Market.
Yeah, and we're not a fan of that. To be perfectly blunt, what happened George Floyd was bad, but I'm more irritated about the Breonna Taylor case, and previously, the Philando Castile case. Castile was following all the rules associated with declaring your concealed permit to an officer. They shot him anyway. Taylor's house was barged into by cops conducting a no-knock raid. Her boyfriend assumed they were being robbed, so he drew his gun. Taylor got caught in the crossfire, and the boyfriend is being charged with attempted murder. Because the police overstepped the residents' 4A rights and didn't announce themselves. It's disgusting. And it sucks that the NRA doesn't talk about these cases. I hate, *hate* the phrase "white privilege" and generally don't believe in it as a concept, *but* there is something to be said for the fact that I, as a white man, don't get guns pointed at me while I reach for my concealed permit. I *might* get guns pointed at me if I pointed mine at an unannounced cop during a raid, but they might take an extra half-second before they pull the trigger. All benefits I get just because of the color of my skin.
If you are worried about catching the virus, don't go to a casino. It's that easy.
I spoke to a guy at Lowe's after posting this and he said to use 3M Super 77 spray. That's what I used to attach the felt to the table surface and I honestly wasn't super impressed with its tack.
Yeah it's casino grade and thus reasonably heavy. What you describe is exactly what I was afraid of, but good info to have. Thanks.
Good thing I don't care about you, and I don't expect you to care about me. We can both stop the charade now.
You people: "I care about people so I wear a mask!" Also you people: "You don't care about me so I hope you get illnesses you big meanie! :'( "
If you have a broken water line in your house, and it's filling up a one gallon bucket every minute that you're constantly having to bail out into the yard to keep your house from flooding, does it make sense to stop, run to Home Depot, get whatever you need to fix the pipe, or even just one of those tools to turn off your supply, and come back? Sure, it'll resolve the symptoms, but now you have water damage in your subfloors that will be outrageously expensive to repair. Maybe you should have just stayed put and did your job - bailing out the water - until the powers that be - a plumber - could come resolve the root issue.
Your local leaders, who are [too busy giving themselves $200k+ salaries](https://transparentnevada.com/salaries/2019/clark/?&amp;s=-base) for work that doesn't require law school or a bar exam to maybe hire more or better public defenders, who [get about a third](https://www.clarkcountynv.gov/public-defender/Documents/pdbrochure.pdf) of the salary you pay to the elites.
It is a cash cow. Sesame Workshop nets about $100M a year in annual revenue. And especially with the corners they've cut recently (switching to a 30 minute program, reusing old segments, and recycling footage for things like the Letter of the Day), their costs aren't terribly high.
Sesame Workshop has gotten just plain lazy and greedy in the last several years. They cut a lot of corners on production value now - recycling old footage to vamp for their now shorter 30-minute window, among other things - and they get paid more for it. Their heart just isn't in it anymore.
There is no such thing as "after hours" in salaried work. You can take a break when the work is finished, and last time I checked, there is no dearth of work for PDs.
I never said "water main." I simply said a water pipe, and by absence of information implied there wasn't a valve near that specific pipe, and then specifically implied that it was on the property by mentioning you could get a tool to shut off your water supply at the curb. Your illiteracy is a poor reflection on Las Vegas schools.
The First Amendment doesn't get you out of work. It simply means the government can't silence you. While I guess it is somewhat murky when the government is your employer, I'm sure this has been asked and answered by the Courts, and I'm not saying they don't have rights. If they would like to resign, they can spend all the time they want protesting. I'm simply saying they are being irresponsible employees that are working against themselves by not remaining dedicated to the job they chose to take at such a pitiful salary compared to the cost of a law school education. Maybe a real firm would hire them if they had one iota of work ethic.
If they're so backed up, they need to. I don't get to go home until my work is done. Taxpayer-funded employees should absolutely be no different.
Until the work is done. I am salaried, and I don't get to go home until my work is done. I expect better from people who are paid from my taxes. In heavy project weeks, I have been known to work 30 hours straight without sleep, often logging 80-90 hour weeks. And, their work load is not exclusively determined by the DA. It is influenced by their staffing. If your dipshit, overpaid leaders would pay market rate for attorneys, there would be more of them, and less case work per PD. Until then, they either need to work until the job is done, or they clearly don't care about it, and should find other work, or be dismissed. It truly is as simple as that.
I'm in IT consulting. And because I'm an adult who honors their obligations and commitments to getting the job done.
I don't know what jobs you've worked that are structured that way, but every salaried profession I've ever been in, the salary means you are paid to do the job. Whether that takes 10 hours a week or 90 hours a week is irrelevant. You get a specific amount per annum. And there typically are no "contracts" in at-will states. Do the job right, or you're fired. But, again, government jobs *are* cushy and come with a whole slew of benefits and perks to cost the taxpayers more and keep the employees inefficient and lazy, so I wouldn't be surprised if there was a hard cap on how much time government employees could invest in their lack of work.
I think it was on this sub where someone actually answered this question for me: after 9/11. Everything became you vs. me. You're either with us in fighting the enemy, or your inaction is proliferating them. Replace "the enemy" with just about anything for the last 20 years.
What did I ever do to them?
The new Madison Avenue hack that I hate is when I keep getting flyers in the mail from a cable provider offering a bundle of TV, Internet, and phone, for just $29.99/month!\* &amp;#x200B; \*each
I think most people are doing the mask thing right now simply because they don't want to get yelled at and/or judged by others (a powerful fear; fortunately, I simply don't care what others think of me.) I've been shopping for rental properties and my realtor was always wearing the mask, but we were having a long conversation once and she finally said "I'm so sorry but I just can't take it anymore!" and ripped the mask off. I was like, dude, you didn't have to do that for my benefit, do you see me wearing one? If you didn't want to wear it you didn't have to worry about me giving you shit for it lol
I don't see any poor planning about it. I agreed to do the job, so I do it. That's called being a grown-up. I wish I could say that I empathize with your apparent lack of work ethic or ambition, but I would be lying.
15-year NFCU member here. They've definitely slid in recent years as they deal with their crazy growth. They've lost the personal touch. We're honestly shopping for another, smaller CU.
&gt;older at risk employees They should stay home. &gt;or the customers bringing it back home to high risk individuals Maybe the customers shouldn't visit those people.
Manchester Subaru, now called Prime Subaru. I don't know if it changed ownership, but I would absolutely not recommend them regardless of the deal I got. They screwed up the paperwork big time, in my favor, actually, such that they'd have to pay the sales tax, and after I had the car back in Virginia, they said I had to sign new paperwork to fix their error. When I said "sorry, you already signed the deal too," they called my county police to report the car stolen. I ended up reporting them to SOA and got about 50 lbs of Subaru shit along with a gift certificate to have a short throw installed at their expense, but yeah, fuck those guys.
&gt;smuggle guns into city's Smuggle? You mean, put them in a vehicle and drive them in? There aren't metal detectors to enter a city, dude.
Negative. My wife and I are on iPhones in Plano, Spring Creek &amp; Custer. Dead as a doornail.
I'm not trying to use MySQL to call DynamoDB, I was using that as an example as to my expectations for how I would call DynamoDB. In PHP, it's a simple function to connect to a MySQL database and run a query and punch it down into an array. With DynamoDB, it seems I need all the SDK nonsense just to connect, much less get data that is human-readable. It just seems like there are many inordinate steps to getting a webpage to show DynamoDB content, whereas for the same task with a MySQL DB, it'd be very easy. I don't have an actual use case for this, I'm just trying to learn the common AWS services and finding it unnecessarily difficult to use what their idea of "easier" is.
The main goal here is to learn AWS, so using a non-Dynamo solution would kind of defeat that, since I'm trying to learn their claim-to-fame in the NoSQL world. I have an API Gateway that interacts with the Lambda function now, but it just outputs JSON that I'm not quite sure how to make human-readable with PHP.
Yes, I have PHP 7.3 on my system, and yet it was still throwing errors because it wanted mb_string installed, and I don't understand why in blue blazes it needs that. I don't find their documentation useful, honestly, because when I search for the errors I get, I don't get any results, and their requirements appear dead simple, yet fail to describe the 900 sundry PHP modules it apparently wants installed on the system.
You joke, but I get cards from Peppermill in Reno all the time. I live in Dallas, but if I can get out to fuckin' Wichita Falls, they'll fly me """private""" to Reno in what I imagine is a single-prop plane.
I have a feeling it won't convey.
You trivialize, but when I'm unable to conduct business and I bill clients a few hundred bucks an hour, the opportunity cost adds up.
Actually, their TOS for most services doesn't actually cover their ass, lol. I successfully took them to small claims court for not letting me use my AppleCare to its fullest extent. (It's one of my top posted threads if you're curious for the full scoop). To your question, they disabled the "For You" page so that you couldn't find suggested playlists or tune into Beats 1, IIRC... but you could still search for and stream songs, so I decided not to hold it against them, since there was a relatively easy workaround.
Thank you!
Mods: Can we maybe get a temporary wiki that shows which casinos are doing craps with and without the plexiglas nonsense? Walls between me and other players breaks the camaraderie I like to play for. Looks like the Venetian isn't doing that.
I made this comment in a different thread but maybe we could just add a column here - can we denote which places are doing the plexiglas/other mitigations thing and which ones aren't? Useful information for both types of people. For me, I want the camaraderie, so I want no plexiglas. Others might be concerned about the virus and want it.
Congrats. Are you with Monarch or someone else?
That was going to be my second guess. I'm still stuck on the waitlist! Are they doing in person meetings again yet?
I genuinely don't understand the angle to this, assuming that there is some level of conspiracy to all of the panic porn. I think all sides can agree at this point that *most* people, especially children, don't have serious coronavirus symptoms. So, why should we give a shit if 1500 children go back to school? Oh, right, Mrs. O'Leary is pushing 80 because Christ forbid that she just retire already. But it's not like it's *new* that kids are insanitary little disease mongers. Just like health care workers knew what they were getting into when they took their job, teachers knew this, too. So, candidly, Mrs. O'Leary needs to decide if she wants to either (a) risk it, (b) come to class in a Tyvek suit, or (c) retire and make room for a 30-year-old wannabe teacher who is drowning in their M.Ed. debt, desperately looking for the opportunity to get into a classroom. I digress. These articles concerns don't seem to be about *will the children get COVID*. It's just about the fact that they will spread or proliferate it, which puts the elderly or immunocompromised at risk. That's less than 25% of the country. They're not "nobodies," but they're not nearly enough of a majority to be worth shutting down civilized society over. Why does the media, and better yet, the government, care *so much* about such a *tiny portion* of society? Isn't the whole point of a democratic government to listen to the needs of the masses?
I always call and speak with them. Feel like it's easier to persuade them verbally and discuss the reasons why or why not you'll get comped than over e-mail, where I think it actually gets routed to their promotions team at HQ, and not a host on property.
It looks like it's already being implemented on that other thread. I don't think it's any more difficult to curate than table minimums. Whether or not they do the plexiglas thing probably changes as often as they change their average overall minimums.
What property is this?
If we do this, I want the legislature to enact the bill I've wanted for decades. If I get stuck in traffic because of a car accident, I want compensation from the party to be determined at-fault. Your shitty driving should not result in my financial loss because I lost business/income/etc by being late to my destination. Both of our ideas are pie-in-the-sky, but they'd be nice.
There are a lot of times where an at-fault driver in a car accident isn't just to blame for a "momentary loss of skill." Think DUIs, texting at the wheel, etc. Those are just as negligent as your proposal for people who choose not to wear masks.
Yeah, I don't like how that was folded into iOS. Snowden ousted the government for PRISM, so I guess they needed to come up with a better, more "transparent" excuse to track our every move.
Sounds like it sucks.
I made a similar suggestion, but just to use [time.gov](https://time.gov). That's what we sync all our NTP servers to.
The general rule of thumb around here is usually: Is the rate you'd take on financing below what you might return on investing the cash? Having debts is not a bad thing. They're essential to the economy. Having unsustainable debts is where things get rocky. But, generally speaking, if you can get a 2-3% rate on a car, and in the meantime can get a better return on investing your savings, in anything from CDs to stocks, then taking the financing would be wise. Another important consideration is how much of your savings 16k represents. If you only have 18k saved up, depleting almost all of it to pay cash for a vehicle is not a best practice. If you have 50k saved up, then the 34k you'd be left with would be more than enough to cover you in case of an emergency, and in such case, paying cash for the car might not be an awful idea. It's always cheaper to pay cash for things, but it's not always wise.
Yeah, that's how it always goes. I've found Uber and Lyft to be objectively awful services. The fares are now *barely* competitive, the customer service is shit, they're absolutely not selective whatsoever about drivers or vehicles anymore, and in turn, they compensate the drivers like shit, too. It didn't used to be that way, but originally, they had to pry people away from cabs. Now that people are used to hailing a ride with their phone and just accepting the risks associate with an unregulated ride home, cabs are a distant memory, and Uber and Lyft can now (and have) erode the experience to be "just barely better" than a cab. It's all a race to the bottom.
I listed them out. They used to be dramatically cheaper when they were trying to penetrate the market. No more. They used to have stellar customer service. No more. They used to have nice cars. Now you get a 1999 Civic. Uber has dramatically decreased their service quality over the years as they realize the average customer is comfortable and they no longer need to compete with cabs.
Fair, different story in smaller communities, but when Uber first launched, I was living in Washington, DC, so I always saw the tug of war they were doing with the DCTC and how they were trying to impress the high-income population. That eroded real quick.
Ouch. Credit unions, usually, have better rates. But it sounds like you may be looking at a used car, which always come with higher rates. The cars have already depreciated significantly, so there's more risk for the lender, and there's less incentive to put you in the car. When you buy a new car, it's usually easy to get 3% or even 0% because the manufacturer is in cahoots with the lender to put you in the driver's seat no matter what. And honestly, at the 16k price point, I'd rather get a new Ford Fiesta than a used Suburban, but that's just me.
Ugh. I don't like your advice, but it's because you're right. I just wish I could stick it to these assholes, but you're right. I just need to look at the math. And mathematically, I'm pretty confident I can make my money back after making all the necessary repairs *if* time is on my side. If the city crashes down on me the day after closing, I'm screwed. But if I have a few years to build the capital to make the repairs, I'm sure I can sell it for way more than I'll put into it.
&gt;It's whatever the person drives isnt it? They used to have minimum standards. Remember, Uber originally started as a towncar service. You either had a Lincoln Towncar or a Suburban or you didn't contract with them, period. Then they started UberX, where I believe it was originally all recent-year Priuses, before it got expanded to any 2012+ car, and now I think you can go as low as a 2003. I've definitely had some dumpy Mazdas come pick me up on UberX. That spurred me to start paying for Select, or in the case of Lyft, Lux, which used to be at least a Chrysler 300 or something. Now they let a Toyota Avalon slide. A Toyota. For 3x the base fare. Everyone's mileage might vary, no pun intended, but I can see how Uber/Lyft might be more attractive in smaller communities with less access to decent transportation and/or older cab companies that haven't adapted, but when I was living in DC, the taxis were usually new model year vehicles, reasonably clean, and didn't smell like weed or have someone's graduation tassel hanging from the mirror. I didn't like using them because the drivers were dicks, usually late for pickups, and they drove like shit. Uber was better because they were trying to penetrate the market and needed to provide decent customer service and safety. That's gone out the window now. They are unregulated and don't give a shit about their customer base *or* the drivers. Like I said, a race to the bottom. At least with DCTC, if I have a shitty driver, I can complain to their union.
Weird, it's worked for the longest time, so I'm wondering what changed the status quo. I've tried using my 192.168 IP and it also yields the same result. Almost like the sonarr container isn't allowed to use outside networks.
It's a CentOS box running Docker, and has containers for Plex, Emby, Jackett, Sonarr, Transmission, and Portainer. [Here's the output from the pings](https://www.reddit.com/r/sonarr/comments/he5pzt/no_route_to_host_for_jackett_container_on_same_box/fvuhuf5/), oddly enough it can route to the other containers just fine - just not Jackett, and I can't find any FW config on the Jackett container that would be denying traffic.
Massachusetts seems to have forgotten what happened the last time the governor tried to act like a monarch. Can someone exhume Hutchinson's body so we can ask him?
&gt;With black and Latino Americans being the most likely to get severe outcomes from the virus and most likely to lose their jobs and businesses to lockdown, we are likely to see systematic racism and income inequality become even more strained as well. This sentence jumped out at me. I'm honestly at the point where I think this is the intent. We were already divided more than ever under the current administration. I think this is a/one of the final nail(s) in the coffin. A divided population is easier to control. I think we're seeing some serious 1984-grade stuff going on here to just get everyone to hate their neighbor.
The difference is, usually, the first two are opted into voluntarily by a business. The third hasn't been, until this article. If a business wants to do a mask policy, that's their right, and I'm all for it. Government sticking their fat ass into it and telling people what they can and cannot do with their land, I'm not for it.
And it seems that you're a troll, or just aren't intellectually honest enough to have an actual rebuttal.
Purple Texas also trying its best (Collin County - we have a libertarian judge who is trying to hang on tight, but Abbott and the city mayors are applying a lot of pressure).
Humans are social animals. It's hard for us to just disconnect from everyone. That's why I stay on social media even though I'm the only one of my friends who feels the way that I do. For that same reason, though, is probably why the hysteria has caught on so easily. So many people desperately want to be liked, that they'll toe the line just because its popular. And mask wearing has become popular now. For fuck's sake, it's a fashion statement now. All the leading designers are making ones with special patterns.
Might be on the opposite side of where you want to be, but Charles Town is almost always $15+. I'd assume $25 if they're doing the distancing shit.
Only if you sell ownership shares to the other pilots. You very well could own an LLC and just charge rental fees to other pilots in an arrangement. Non-traditional, but could be done.
I have to admit that, in the last 15 minutes, my position has been challenged a bit. My toddler, who goes to day care, just woke up with a 102 fever. I'm trying to maintain objectivity and say that it's probably one of the 450 infections toddlers get, but I'd be dishonest if I didn't say my first thought was "oh, shit, maybe they've been right this whole time." Specifically back to the mask orders, I think it seems to be the counties that have a big city that seem to naturally lean more into these lockdowns and what not, either because of the population density, or just the political makeup of those urban areas. I've never been to Corpus, but I assume that's driving some of your county's policymaking. I'm in Collin County, so while we definitely have some purple-to-blue cities, the county spans a lot of farmland and thus still has a good balance of voters making demands of the judge. Problem is, we have some very popular, well-run Dallas suburbs like Plano and Frisco, and that's where all of the Californians have moved to after we got a few HQs from SF moving in. The makeup and sensibilities of my county may change next election cycle.
I don't understand why people trivialize constitutional rights in this way, as if they *should* be meaningless.
That's what people said back in March. That everyone's gonna die. And yet in places where they never even did a serious shutdown, that has not been the case. Right now, Arizona has 60,000 confirmed cases. Out of your 7.28M population, that's less than 0.1% confirmed. Even if you ramp it up ten-fold for the asymptomatic cases, you're at 1% of total population. Of those 60,000 cases, you have 1,500 deaths, which is about a 2.5% fatality rate. But we have to also be fair and apply the asymptomatic assumption here, too, which could suggest it being as low as 0.25%. I don't see how you are "fucked."
I am in Texas, in a county of 1 million, that never shut down. Our county judge said all businesses were essential businesses. We have 2,400 confirmed cases (0.003% of our population) and 38 deaths (1.5% mortality rate). Texas at-large has 132,000 cases out of 29 million Texans (0.5% of total population) and 2,300 deaths (a 1.7% mortality rate). Both mortality rates crater when you factor in asymptomatic cases that won't be confirmed because people have no reason to seek testing, per the latest data that came out that actual cases probably equal 10x confirmed cases.
Not to mention, 2.8 million people die from various causes every year in this country. We're at what, 150,000 ostensibly related to COVID (probably less since the MEs seem to be playing fast and loose with official causes of death)? The JVM that runs our Matrix instance just hung for a second. This is a rounding error.
Almost nothing John Oliver puts out favors anyone trying to make more money in a positive light. I'm sure he, like most, believes all landlords are fat cat corporations or Donald Trumps. I agree with the person who said "I'm not going to watch this."
If my attitude is what causes the demise of the shade tree real estate investor, then we have bigger societal problems. The fact that people think they are entitled to shelter regardless of their ability to pay is an absolute cancer, and can only possibly be furthered by people who have absolutely no understanding of economics or just the fact that *shit isn't free*. We are picking up our first rental property in about two weeks, and it's shit like this that makes me want to walk away from the closing table. I don't mind working with a tenant if they're truly, temporarily fit-to-be-tied and doing their damndest to get back to gainful employment, but hell will freeze over before I will ever wrap my head around rent "cancellation," as if you should just not owe it at all because you lost your job, and the same for the types of tenants who seem to think the onus is on me to provide for their family when they've failed to do so. My job is to provide for my family, and that's the only reason I'm getting into these investments. Someone else's failure to do the basic task of being a man, and then have the audacity to act like I should carry them, is not my problem.
My thoughts were mainly a kneejerk reaction to that brat in the video, who seems to have an entitlement complex, and such a little grasp on the realities of life that it doesn't necessarily surprise me that he's presently unemployable. Of course, in a real situation with the whole sob story of a single mom and 3 kids, humanity prevails and we try to do our best to accommodate, but ultra-*fuck* any tenant who pompously acts like it's the landlord's duty to shelter them when they're out of a job.
&gt;And at 80$ a 155mm howitzer shell, that's alot of flattened house. This sounds like my insurance company's problem.
