Good lord, you are definitely doing life in hard mode. Best of luck to you, you're gonna need it.
To paraphrase: Extraordinary claims require (...) evidence. Usually the (...) is 'extraordinary' I think, but as there's not even a shred of evidence beyond one person's recollection, I would treat this story as suspect at best. Without any evidence or independent corroboration, you can't even establish they **they** saw this. If they did, then you must take on faith that the others with them saw it too. If an astronomical phenomena happened, it would be reasonable to expect someone else to have seen it (like the thousands of automated astronomy systems if nothing else) and any astronomer who wrote it up and provided corroborated evidence gleaned from any of the other telescopes would have *made their fucking career* from an event of such magnitude. So considering the lack of any other reports, the lack of any astronomers establishing their names in the immortal annals of discovery, serious skepticism is required.
&gt; vacuum The admin of the Facebook SpaceX group told me he saw a picture of the car being put into the Hyperloop test track out front of their headquarters for a vacuum-ish test. It won't be the car's first encounter with that regime.
Unless I missed it in the article, the author neglected to mention when it's going up. Wikipedia says the launch date target is June of this year.
&gt; The EM-1 will use a hypegolic upper stage. Subsequent missions will use the ACES, and for that, the launch tower will be revuilt almost from the ground up. Almost nothing in this comment is accurate. EM-1 will use what's basically an upgraded Deta IV upper stage, but that stage is quite cryogenic. Subsequent versions of SLS (if they fly) are slated to use the EUS, a replacement upper stage that's supposed to increase its up mass/capability. ACES is a program ULA is pursuing for their Vulcan rocket (which is in development and will debut with a Centaur before possibly going to ACES afterwards).
&gt; Love anecdotal useless comments with no sources You realize this is a well known phenomena, right? If you were unfamiliar with it, then it was easily verifiable but it's typically not considered something requiring special citation anymore because it's so well established. Example: https://blogs.worldbank.org/publicsphere/media-revolutions-skipping-landline-going-straight-mobile-phone
&gt; Fine tuning is performed by the rocket using cameras and real-time image analysis, as it approaches the ship (the circles on the landing surface are not just for aesthetics). Eh, I wouldn't put money on this, it also lands at night AND we've seen it land on scorched off paint. Any reason in particular that you would suspect the ultra complexity active video processing opposed to the much more accurate and easily gained GPS/radar telemetry analysis?
Why? Even if it was completely full, there are still vents.
It seemed that teleportation was fairly uncommon circa ENT times. As OP mentioned above in another comment, Earth's innovation/novel tech they were bringing to the table was apparently the Transporter. Everybody else already had warp, better weapons, some folks had shields, etc. If this predates common teleportation, then the shields vs. polarization limitations might not make a difference for this specific risk.
&gt; Zima didn't have such a great launch, either. It DID make it to the last, best hope for mankind (the Babylon 5 station), so apparently a surge in popularity is coming soon: http://i.imgur.com/ztOuRlV.png
This is not a big deal, don't allow a sensationalist headline to trick you to thinking otherwise. This space station weighs less than 1/20 of what the international space station does and things of this size and mass deorbit uncontrolled on a semi regular basis. Don't panic.
Go for it, and don't forget your [good internet friend Chairboy](https://i.imgur.com/T8VnVzV.gif) when you're interviewed!
I'm wondering if the LNG plant going in near Boca Chica will also do LOX. Would be very conveniently located. Don't know if pipelines from it to the launch facility could ever be feasible for cryogenics, but physically close could be a nice for logistics.
Harlan Ellison's lesser known *I Have No Mouth, And I Must Blow* never really got the same respect.
I think so too, even if it's just a portion of the payloads. In the beginning, I bet we'll just see a handful like this payload and then the Starlinks, then I wouldn't be surprised if they start charging an additional fee for late integration. But anyhow, I can't see the benefit for spending all that time and money to pull the integrated Tesla off and am puzzled at how certain some folks seem to be that it'll be removed.
Lister's gecko, the blue-tailed skink, and the Christmas Island forest skink have also been taken off the endangered species list! I mean, it's because they're extinct in the wild, but it's technically accurate.
Possibly. I saw a [documentary](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0107290/) on the process once, looks like [there](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119567/?ref_=tt_rec_tti) are some [possible](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0163025/?ref_=tt_rec_tti) complications to [overcome](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0369610/?ref_=tt_rec_tt).
Black pants and do it at night, like how you rob a place.
H2 can be carbon neutral with solar and methane can even be carbon *negative* by using solar and the Sabatier reaction on Earth. Negative not neutral because some of the CO2 produced outside the atmosphere during a burn would be a candidate for being blown free of earth by solar wind. Maybe not overwhelmingly carbon negative, but ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
/r/nothingeverhappens
&gt;Not this payload. Why waste the money? Because it would look awesome. In any other mission, that would be a ridiculous reason for anything it for this one... it is a legitimate one.
Cleaner than kerosene, not hydrogen. It has other advantages over H2 though like no metal embrittlement.
SLC-40 and LC-39A.* USAF vs NASA nomenclature, I think USAF went all SLC in the 80s. * HLC if you're feeling spicy
Quickest method for hot shower I've found: 1. Turn the bath tap on to full hot. It has higher water flow than the dedicated shower tap meaning the water will move from the hot water heater through the pipes to you more quickly. You want full hot because that maximizes the flow rate of the hot water pipe, it's foolish to set it to the end-result because that just adds time before the temp comes up. They're mixed at the tap, not down at the heater. 2. Once it's full hot, THEN you turn it back and blend in cold water. 3. Finally, you switch it to the shower setting. It can be dramatically faster to do this way because you're taking advantage of the fact that the highest-flow faucet (the bath tap) is pulling the hot water to your local plumbing at the fastest rate.
They're not cartridges (there's reservoirs) and they're pyrophoric, not hypergolic if you want to be specific.
In manufacturing, there's the idea of 'testing to fail' versus 'testing to pass'. If his exam was entered with the mindset of "validate that this person is healthy" instead of "find what's wrong with them", then maybe stuff like this makes it past. Add a little bit of 'we're in a hurry, just make sure I'm not going to fall over dead in 15 minutes' and boom, this situation.
Oh please oh please oh please give me at least ONE win! 😸
https://www.wired.com/story/spacexs-top-secret-zuma-mission-launches-today/ &gt; The company says it built Zuma for the US government, and it’s **also providing an adapter to mate Zuma with SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket.**
&gt; Northrop's stock is up. Unless I misunderstand what you're saying, this is not a reliable indicator of whether or not there was a failure. Stockholders do not have special information about whether or not it was a success. Question: could a failure trigger an increase in perceived value because it could mean more business for NG for the replacement high-value payload? As a one-off thing, obviously.
Maybe I don't understand, but it reads like you're telling folks here that a mod-sanctioned gab-session/speculation/post-launch discussion isn't OK because the only discussion allows is Falcon Heavy now and that we must go forward, not backward. Upward, not forward. And always twirling, twirling, twirling towards freedom. Is there an alternate interpretation than that you're telling everyone here to hush and move on whether they want to or not?
&gt; How different is the static five vs. actual launch? Do they go to full power at static fire? I've seen the static fire described as the launch with everything except the launch. They fire up the engines as if they're Going To Space Today but then shut down down without releasing the clamps. &gt; How much does a successful static fire decrease the odds of a RUD on actual launch? I suspect the real benefit is flushing out gremlins that could interfere with an expensive launch window. The rockets have already fired together on the core back at McGregor so the N-1 question has been answered, the static fire is (as far as I can tell) a final check similar to General Aviation airplanes doing an engine run-up off to the side of the runway immediately before takeoff to check out the various systems that are easier to repair on the ground than after takeoff. :P Edit: Clarification, I didn't write the above clearly because based on the replies. The test fire will be the first time the *three cores are fired while attached to each other*, but each individual core was tested back in Texas. The 'rockets' I was talking about was the individual Merlins (hence the N-1 question comment), but I should have been more specific.
To be clear, the rockets that fired together were the Merlins, not the cores. Correct, the cores were fired individually, but the actual cores were test fired back in Texas.
Narrator: "He wasn't."
I don't think you're very good at this.
Hey Noodles: https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/7oqs3a/led_cube/dsbtv5s/ Chill.
Correct, the static test this week will be the first time they all fire together. I don't understand what the point of contention we have is, they were each independently tested in Texas and this week they will all be tested together as a single unit with all of the crazy new dynamic and stresses that come with that.
&gt; fairing issue There's a difference between an announcer saying something late and there being an actual issue.
This seems like a dumb argument. Are we really squabbling over this? As long as we both recognize that this week is the first time they all fire together and that the tests done at McGregor were of the individual cores one at a time, I honestly don't understand what this subthread is about.
Why would you associate the pics with Zuma specifically?
&gt; You'd launch anything leaving Earth on the east coast to avoid the DeltaV penalty right if we're strictly referring to a Cape -&gt; VAFB transfer? Usually, but there are exceptions! Mars Insight will be launching from VAFB this year for example, sometimes it just works out better for various reasons beyond my paygrade.
I'm offering an in-universe theory, I thought that was implied.
&gt; D2PL [You're screwing with us, right?](https://kikito.github.io/complex-apis/img/elon-acronyms.png)
&gt; Doubt EM-2 will happen before GD, Is GD some kind of shorthand for 'heat death of the universe'?
"...........ROC is hold, sorry about the delay, had my headphones unplugged. Hey, what's with all the yelling?"
This is not a question that can be answered because there are no funded commitments to building any yet. It's still in the concept-development phase where different companies and organizations worldwide are figuring out how to implement it and whether or not it will work, then if they can make a persuasive business case and coordinate with the governments that administer the different areas, the actual contracts will be written up.
Tesla built an interplanetary spacecraft, are military satellites that much different? 😜
Humor is inherently subjective. You are not required to find everything funny that other people think is funny, but it's unreasonable to expect that **only** things that **you** find funny exist here. If you see that other folks are amused by this, there's a point where it's reasonable to shrug and move on. Challenging everyone else to explain why they aren't wrong because they were entertained gets pretty douchy pretty much immediately.
What sucks is that the hype came from outsiders who got to see it, they got boned by unrealistic expectations set by not-them. The 'they'll design cities around this' is the worst example, and it was from... Steve Jobs I think? Really bites because my dad has debilitating knee issues that allow him to stand but not really walk long distances and a Segway could give him so much more mobility especially into places where those demeaning short scooters and wheelchairs can't go but he wouldn't be caught dead on one because of the social stigma.
Now [Crystal Gravy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0sjRG34DlA)... that was amazing.
They called out their use as part of the countdown today, just didn't see 'em.
"Returning to work, rested. Mondays are hard, but they don't have to be. This week, I'll start with a positive attitude and then-[YEEAAARGGH!](https://giphy.com/gifs/9kHW5zckacEcU)"
That's a lovely tattoo, I'd rank that higher than tons of boring 'acceptable to ATBGE posters'-tattoos, personally.
It makes sense to me, those are the closest things to improvised blast shelters I can think of that would be almost universally available to an enterprising problem solver.
&gt; My worst fear is taking shelter in one of those, and having it collapse on me. Understandable, but this may be the nuclear war equivalent of "I don't wear seatbelts because I want to be thrown clear of the rack/might get trapped and drown". The benefits radically outweigh the hypotheticals.
You're a fucking idiot, I'd rather my kids survive the blast and worry about that later than stand around on the surface like you with their thumbs up their asses so they can be incinerated, you arrogant Dunning-Kruger armchair general walking dead motherfucker. Go ahead and die while wringing your hands over the lack of a perfect solution while this family *survives*.
I heard they put it into the Hyperloop test tube and pumped out all the air they could, chances of stuff 'exploding' are pretty rare in any case and in this case, it's been to that regime already.
"Ground, on second thought I think I'll take that progressive taxi after all."
Instead of taking ISS apart, maybe a BFS could perform a sufficiently gentle boost to a long term MEO storage orbit using the methalox RCS.
The title is humor, this is just an expended stage. China _is_ working on stage recovery but this isn't part of that.
Senno ecto washer!
&gt; How does it affect the efficiency if the almonds are activated? Like... some kind of robotic almond? I assume they would need even more water throughout the smelting and refinement process, but I don't know much about robotic almonds.
&gt; Nobody encourage this person. So you're saying they're INcouragible?
I think the kind of work makes a difference. If the government has a contract to purchase a thousand Ford Taurus' and the shutdown hits, Ford would not be expected to shut down their assembly line, right?
What monkey?
Oooooohhhhhhh, I didn't realize that you're a crank. Ok, cheers.
&gt; The Good War Coming to CBS this fall!
And because NASA keep acting like this is a classic cost-plus contract with deep oversight/integration/micromanagement instead of what was originally bid. They have been changing the rules and sucking up a lot of time.
I'm no expert so take this with a pound of salt, but isn't blockchain technology a giant distributed ledger of sorts? Using that to track distribution of cargo with absolute accounting that can't be fiddled with could be useful, especially considering how many pieces of cargo there are moving at any specific moment in time. Maybe there's other reasons to use it that I'm not seeing, but this is my guess.
&gt; boundless anecdotal testimony, which confirms this &lt;twitch&gt;
Interesting, I thought that the idea of blockchain accounting was that anyone could download the entirety of all transaction histories and backtrace every transaction. If that's the case, wouldn't manipulation be super detectable?
Sounds like they're going to try installing it in April, some weirdness with power interrupted their scheduled insertion burn and now they say they don't have radio coverage for the command link, but it'll be back in about four months. Weird.
Seven times in the theater then again at the anniversary (in addition to all the super green home viewings), No ragrets, and what a wonderful score by Eric Serra too. A year and a week ago, Fifth Element became as old as Star Wars was when the Special Edition was released into the theater. Chew on that...
They have giant insulated tanks that they storeit in, and the boil off rate is extremely low. Simply pouring it out would create a terrible fire hazard with anything it touched. It costs money and the process of having it delivered cost money too. Shoot, they would store liquid hydrogen out there for weeks at a time for shuttle launches, and that stuff is way trickier! Here's an article for 39B that talks about them storing LOX there for months: https://blogs.nasa.gov/kennedy/2017/10/03/liquid-oxygen-tanking-operations-begin-at-launch-pad-39b/
Bless your heart.
&gt; spark plug ignitor on the engine. For a kerolox engine? Neat, I didn't realize they were practical for that combination. I wonder what their trick is?
Just for thought-experiment purposes (I'm on Team Turbopump for bigger rockets) MHD generators could scavenge electrical power from rocket exhaust. I don't know whether they could pull enough power to run the pumps for the rockets or if it would affect the net thrust, but it might work for some boundary cases?
In a logical world, sure. Bureaucracy isn't about logic, though, it's about procedure. Having a procedure documented is helpful when any given individual's ability to logically solve a problem is... uneven. Bureaucracy provides the structure to allow imperfect people to be part of providing acceptable solutions. ....but there's also the other side of the issue, where the added structures and procedures end up slowing down or otherwise interfering with people or groups who would otherwise be able to figure out a solution. Those helpful organizational scaffoldings turn into barriers and debris and it becomes clear that logic has no place because This Is The Way Things Are Done. In your hypothetical situation, let's say someone at SpaceX is given a blank check and a copy of a phone directory for everyone needed to support range operations. Some portion of the people they call won't come in because of a reasonable concern that they'd be putting their job at risk because procedure is that during a furlough, they stay home. Others might be unable to gain access to resources they need because procedure for security is to deny access because a shutdown has happened and their job is to protect these equipments and buildings from anyone coming in. The structures in place help make things happen, but they also prevent some solutions. It's just the way things are until we can figure out something better. In case anyone thinks this is a love letter to bureaucracy instead of just acknowledging that it exists, I wish to go on the record as stating that Terry Gilliam's Brazil is in that special 'technically fiction, but it's practically a documentary' place that Office Space is. Bureaucracy is far from saintly, it's just a thing that... is.
No sad, you am smart
May I ask why you think they vent the LOX? It's cheap, but it takes time and money to have it delivered. They have giant LOX tanks at both 39A and 39B that can hold liquid oxygen for months, where did this idea that they dump it out come from?
I think the hope is that Boca Chica's use of airspace might be more like an airplane's airspace-use rather than the Air Force test range rules. You may have noticed that airplanes continued to operate this weekend and today.
Where I live (Oregon), the solar panels typically don't track the sun. Is that common anywhere anymore? I thought it was more common when square footage of panels was much more precious.
Nice! Heck, anyone can land at Kenmore Air Harbor, having floats/amphibious hulk just contribute to determining how tricky taking off again is. I grew up in that area, used to walk down Bothell Way and watch the Beavers and friends take folks places out of there. Some day, I'll get my ASEL there as a BFR replacement.
&gt; So using reusability would be great, probably even better, but still is just a "nice to have" thing, not a "must" This assumes they can be manufactured at a sufficiently high rate to support your needs. There are times when you literally cannot get a thing no matter how much money you're willing to throw at it and manufacturing lead time concerns can be one of those. Block 5 reuse is supposed to offer a much higher cadence possibility than what manufacturing could support, even with the 'raw payload' finger on the scale it supports on orbit assembly by a lot if you need lots of moon runs. With decades of autodock experience to draw on, it need not add prohibitive mass and time costs either.
Between the two of us, I think we had the thread covered. [Go team internet!](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/YCkXOpv) (the v is silent, also invisible)
There would have to be a big benefit to avoiding docking payloads in LEO but I'm not seeing it. Expendable Falcon Heavy launches without a specific reason (like 'the equipment/payload we need masses 60 tons' and we can only launch it in one piece) doesn't make sense in a world where cheap on-orbit Earth Orbit Rendezvous is possible and sounds like a solution in search of a problem.
The purpose of travel is to get from one point to another. Measuring safety by how long you spend in a mode of conveyance instead of distance ignores that and treats the different travel methods no different than, say, sitting in a room. The entire purpose of travel is to cross distance, not "hang out in vehicle", so why would anyone rank the latter above the former?
With respect, it sounds like we're not communicating because I get the impression that you're treating the entire exercise as some kind of transactional query. What I'm suggesting is instead of "picking up women for sex", try to find someone you have common interests with and form a friendship. Even if it doesn't move beyond friendship, you still come out ahead of where you are , and friendship it's a better base for a relationship if that DOES happen. I'm in my 40s and the quality of my relationships/interactions are pretty damn good. I imagine that not seeing women as 'challenges to unlock' is a big part of that. I am pretty socially awkward and and a lot of these things don't come naturally to me, so deciding early on that I won't try to put on some "confident sexual expert" mental costume was probably a good idea. Btw, the sexual harassment thing sounds like both a sucky experience AND a data point that perhaps the way you approached a situation was not optimal. Consider that if you haven't already, doing the same things over and over and expecting different results is a rough road. Someone who sees their potential romantic partners account people first instead of goals is probably less likely to put themselves into such a situation.
He gets super honest because the purpose of travels to get places, not "spending time travel". If you are comparing hobbies of "going for a drive in the country side" equally with "flying around the country just to spend time on airplanes", then this comparison would be valid but that would be an extremely rare situation. A human who chooses to drive from Seattle to Los Angeles in 21+ hours instead of flying in two and a half hours because cars 'are safer per hour traveled and ignoring the deaths per traveler mile is making an extremely poor risk assessment OR being consciously dishonest. It is bad math.
OK, so two weeks until he completely reverses himself on this? Or sooner?
To appreciate art, someone has to have built their entire life around art? I reject the premise of your jab, and I'm in IT (with years of work in military and aerospace including NASA, USA, and Lockheed-Martin) so it's fucking stupid. Stroke your beard with self-satisfaction all you want because you looked down your nose at the concept of art adding to the human experience, but you diminish yourself and humanity when you do it.
Sometimes I would walk to the store, other times I'd drive (especially if I had a big grocery list). More than once I got home with groceries and realized I'd left my car a couple blocks away at the store.
They are already planning on sending two people around the moon sometime in the next year or so using a Crew Dragon capsule.
Does this include payloads originally contracted for Falcon Heavy that were flown on upgraded Falcon 9s?
Ok, now hold an imaginary salt-shaker over your head, open your mouth, and act like you're trying to shake salt into it. See if your brain convinces you that you taste salt.
&gt; my friends and I would take broom handles, use some tape to make a handle and run around the neighborhood pretending we were Jedi. Episode 1.5: Attack of the Mailboxes
Not entirely a false alarm, 17° incorrect inclination and 2Kk below target apogee. About 3-4 years worth of station-keeping propellant, I heard.
Praise from Ceasar.
I'm also interested in learning whether or not the launch trajectory in fact took it over populated areas and some people have reported. If accurate, that's a pretty big deal too.
Yeah, I probably should have mentioned Catholicism in there too, but I thought the ratios were more heavily skewed towards Protestant-derives than is accurate. Good observation.
Dock in back (just the little upper stage left over, after all) then, ah, 'retire' the vehicle into the atmosphere or a mountain range using leftover fuel. That's why you keep a drone core onboard anyhow, right? :)
Oh shit, this might solve the problem I ran into too. I had to reflash GRBL to get rid of the Z-axis homing on a K40 at the shop and it started homing correctly but then seeking to the bottom right corner and then trying to seek outside of the physical boundaries at the beginning of each cut.
I think there's a point where they'll have disposed of all the Block IIIs and IVs and have nothing but Block V cores left with the intention of keeping them. Fast cadence for high energy launches can cause ASDS availability to become a choke point. I wonder if the next version of the downrange platform might not be much smaller than the current barge-based system because of improvements to accuracy and reliability. The current system is designed with the expectation that it'll get smacked across the nose on occasion by failed landings (as was the custom) but somewhere in 2017 everything changed and they started nailing every landing. Will that affect subsequent landing platforms? Just a thought.
A couple options: uncrewed BFR flights will happen, probably at least one to Mars first. That's one way to survey. Additionally, there's existing landers and rovers and data going back to Viking that might be useful for a pre-human survey.
Right on, looking good! BTW, your first benchy wasn't a failure, you just printed a [Peter Iresdale](http://www.beachconnection.net/news/warrenton_iredale3.jpg) benchy!
Second stage is also where AMOS-6 and CRS-7 experienced.... anomalies. Other than flight 4, the first stage has worked fully every time, right?
Is it possible that you are confusing first flight with CRS-1? I thought it was the fourth flight that had the engine malfunction on the first stage (that I mentioned above), not the first flight. Edit: or was there another first stage anomaly that I'm forgetting about? The only one I could think of was flight four.
&gt; And while it is unlikely to fly - so is ITS. Of course, the ITS has been superseded by the BFR/BFS concept which is further along re: physical construction than the SLS Block 2. Who's talking about the ITS anymore?
The quality of fun improves. I'm &gt;40 and I'm having a MUCH better time now. I think folks in their 20s assume that clubbing or drinking are the height of entertainment because that's the limit of their budget and can't imagine stuff that's better.
What a pleasant host. If John's busy, this nice fellow is an acceptable substitute.
&gt; It just feels like giving up to me. What the fuck? There is no requirement that you have kids to be happy and nobody should be judged for that, but this… Fuck you, pal. If you were raised to believe that telling someone that their decision to have kids was "giving up on life" is anything other than massively insulting, then your parents fucked you over pretty badly in the basic social skills department. If your idea of fun is to take someone who's opening themselves up to try to share a feeling/rmotion and piss them off, then 1. Good job, you succeeded and 2. you are right, we do not have compatible ideas of fun because that just sounds pretty shitty to me.
There's a difference between what they can 'get away with' and what they actually did. Why assume they chose a 'fairly lazy design'?
&gt; and throws away the booster. So does ULA, is this worthy of special note?
They've benefited from clusters of engines in a way their competition's big engines can't. Even with 9 Merlins on the Falcon 9 first stage, it's barely able to throttle low enough to land on a single engine. The RD-180 in the Atlas V, in comparison, wouldn't be able to throttle low enough by far because even though it's an amazing, efficient engine, it runs into the same problems at very low throttles that most engines do so even if that rocket had the margins and structure to survive back down to the lower atmosphere, it wouldn't be able to do a landing burn. Someone else mentioned that this also gives SpaceX engine-out capbility. They used this on an early Falcon 9 mission and were able to safely deliver their primary Dragon payload to the ISS despite one of the engines exploding on ascent. The days of the N-1 untestable plumbing nightmares is past, SpaceX is able to do engine tests that weren't feasible for the Soviets so risk is managed pretty effectively.
What's with the &lt;&lt;&gt;&gt;? Is this a variation of [this technique t](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triple_parentheses)he anti-semites/white supremacists use?
We are all posted this reblessed day.
&gt; That's not how it works. [Pictured](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/021/665/DpQ9YJl.png)
Yeah, don't want to find one of those Y2.019K bugs.
&gt; So we can probably expect BFR to have the same problems with its helium and oxygen valves? BFR won't use Helium, they're taking advantage of methane's friendly vaporization characteristics to use it instead for pressurizing things. You may have heard this described as autogeneous pressurization because it's using itself to pressurize... itself. Also, methane isn't as much of an escape artist as helium and works at higher temperatures in liquid form so that helps.
Could be PLA. A red PLA case of mine distorted in direct sun, wasn't just ambient temp.
Congress's role in the delays is real, cutting funding at vital junctures and delaying decisions had real world impacts.
If SpaceX didn't have any hardware built or under construction for crewed flight, the 'folks are getting way ahead of themselves' narrative would be more compelling, but the DM-2 capsule is far into construction and they've demonstrated many of the systems and regularly fly the legacy platform that D2 is based on already. It's not reasonable to try and quash any conversation about the future on this basis when the company is this far along, it's the equivalent to dismissing Falcon Heavy as a 'paper rocket' an hour before it flies because SpaceX "have yet to put a single Falcon Heavy into space". There's a point where skepticism is merited (for instance, discussions about the EUS or Block 1B SLS) and then there's a point where it's just a debate tactic and only gets 'technically correct' points instead of actually moving the conversation forward. The post you responded to wasn't starry eyed and dreamy, it had a conditional about IF SpaceX can fly their missions to Mars that the company was literally founded for, that they're building the first spaceframes for the family of rockets they say will do it. Having a one-sided eye of skepticism for SpaceX and playing the debate card is more about flexing than really about having a discussion, isn't it?
Sounds like a looooooot of added complexity for difficult to perceive benefit, but maybe I'm missing something.
Come over to /r/spacex too if you're not there already!
Definitely, I think the general consensus is 'basically none on the moon'.
Do you have a link? I can't find it and would really like to learn more. There are so many challenges with switching to stage recovery when rockets stage so far that I'm really curious how they plan to.
My favorite of the silly first stage recovery ideas from back then involved a 'simple' large robot arm that would pluck the rocket out of the air. It was just 'so obvious' to the commenters, heheheh.
You’re being downvoted because you stated false information, the first crewed flight of Dragon 2 is currently scheduled for January, not “a few years away”.
&gt; That would definitely be seen as stealing that idea from blue origin. Does BO name capsules after people? I thought that was purely Orbital's gig, where they name each Cygnus after an astronaut or other significant contributor to space stuff.
Absolutely! Yes, expensive in terms of delta-v. For example, if you were in the orbit of ISS (which is inclined at 51.6 degrees) and wanted to change your orbit to be perfectly equatorial, you would need something like 6 km/s of impulse. For comparison, your orbital speed is already &gt; 7.2 km/s so it's a useful way to visualize just how expensive in terms of energy an inclination change is. Spacecraft used in LEO typically have &lt;500m/s of impulse (roughly half that for Soyuz) for comparison, and that's intended to be enough to get them to the station and docked, then on a re-entry course afterwards with good safety margins. When PacoFuentes suggested orbital plane changes were no big deal, they demonstrated that they did not have any real understanding of orbital mechanics. I don't know a more polite way to say it, honest, but it's as if their understanding comes from watching movies like Gravity that leave watchers with the impression that all things in orbit kinda hang out near each other and are an easy ride apart. It's just not true. It would take less energy to travel from ISS's orbit to the moon than it would to change inclination significantly.
Strategory.
Up to 63,800kg to LEO/26,700 to GTO.
Yup, which is pretty damn incredible considering the price difference! Pretty cool rocket.
Considering the expected price difference between a Falcon/Dragon launch and a BFR launch, I suspect they’ll figure out a way to limit sloshhammer-risk.
They’re control surfaces used for stability during reentry, not conventional wings. Musk said they’re required at IAC 2017.
Quick version: because of raw quantities and vertical integration, Starlink may also result in availability of a new low-cost satellite/probe bus that could undercut the entire legacy satellite industry?
Can’t see why not, vacuum thermos bottles are best insulation we know of, the double hull arrangement plus ‘free’ space vacuum works in its favor.
Saying ‘gesundheit’ or ‘bless you’ to someone who sneezes because the resource scarcities of the future don’t allow for supporting the sick or inform when that precious food could be going to stronger Thunderdome fighters and scavengers.
I made a big sign saying that an In &amp; Out was coming to my town and mounted it on a abandoned Wendy’s. The local college is full of Californians and within minutes, crowds were forming around the sign. Three local TV stations sent crews out to report on it and interview people and social media blew up. There was crying. Then it came out that it wasn’t true and they got comment from In &amp; Out conforming that they had no plans to bring In &amp; Out to Eugene, OR. There was crying. I’m still nervous that Big Burger’s gonna track me down some day, that or someone with a grudge is still waiting for me to say something that identifies me so they can take me out animal style.
I don’t know how much t costs, but it’ll still probably be just about the cheapest part of this mission.
&gt; The two companies selected will be contractually required to launch the full system from Vandenberg by 2024 I thought the Air Force was having companies bid on capability, not specific launch sites. The new polar corridor out of KSC could open up all reference orbits to rockets with sufficient capacity to handle a dogleg. Blue Origin has announced no plans to go to Vandenberg and I wouldn’t be surprised if ULA skips Vandenberg for the polar corridor too for their next rocket considering all the extra throw they’re building into Vulcan.
And it is not a highlight for DS9, so go in without super expectations.
No argument here, TNG ‘Code of Honor’ bad.
I think Anothony Colangelo’s (MECO Podcast) idea about the New Glenn second stage being an EUS alternative with its 7m diameter seems more likely, personaly.
Nope, the Isp for compressed air is far too low, at least for something that could lift itself and a human for minutes.
It would probably be heavy and difficult but I wonder what observing and attempting to manipulate a [Bose-Einstein condensate](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bose–Einstein_condensate) in freefall night teach us. What properties of these fascinating phenomena are masked or otherwise interfered with by a 1G field?
I dunno, are 3D printers just fancy hot-glue guns?
Everyone clicking this thread: (cracking knuckles) "Oh yes, we're gonna see some sexy stuff here." [NARRATOR] "They didn't."
&gt; Satellites have not been serviced on-orbit yet (on has been recovered by the space shuttle), but several companies, including Northrop Gruman Innovation Systems (aka. Orbital ATK) are developing vehicles to service satellites on orbit. Hubble has been serviced on-orbit several times (unless you mean refueled, not sure), and Palapa B-2 and Westar 6 are two satellites that were recovered and returned to Earth by Shuttle that I can think of. Oh, also the LDEF, probably some others I'm not thinking of.
I bet there'll be a lot of jokes out in the forums about this, but I have no doubt this is going to be a real big thing real fast. Imagine seeding a town with something like these or even simpler flying aerial mines or blocks of C4. You fly overhead and pickle out a few hundred and they all land themselves on roofs and in open attics and stuff like that and then power mostly down to wait for either a remote command to go hunter killer on things that match criteria or to be teleoperated into a target.
/u/SlashCo80 deleted their comments in a burst of embarrassment, archive presented here for reference. The original message was: &gt; I see a lot of reactions against supposed "hardcore gamer" guys like this, but I've never seen one in real life. I bet if they did appear and act like this, they'd be laughed at. &gt; I think the backlash against "girl gamers" is more due to the media coming up with statistics like "55% of women are gamers, take that you misogynists!" while failing to mention that they include things like The Sims and Candy Crush in that category. I responded above to that, then in response to 'So this is called gatekeeping' they wrote: &gt; What is? Giving an explanation about media clickbait and being downvote-brigaded by a bunch of butthurt white knights? This was my response to them when they angry-sobbing deleted their comment mid-reply: &gt; Gatekeeping is telling someone they aren't a REAL x because the subset of x they do isn't the one you consider correct or real. Dismissing players of The Sims and Candy Crush because those games aren't Metal Gear Solid or Skyrim or Blood Gulch IV:Deathageddon and saying "well akchyually they're not really gamers" which is what your "while failing to mention that they include" comment does. &gt; Those are games. They're gamers. There's no requirement that a gamer be exclusively an FPS'er with a 64oz Mountain Dew, 'quest diapers' to cut down on bathroom breaks, and a cheetoh-stained dick.
&gt; • I don't see how a $55M ticket price is remotely possible. That barely even covers the cost price of a bulk discount seat on the cheapest available commercial spacecraft (SpaceX Crew Dragon). To advocate for the devil... maybe they’re betting on a cheaper option. Just because some parts of the space community don’t take the BFR/BFS system seriously doesn’t mean that’s the case everywhere.
&gt; stop upvoting me You're not my supervisor.
Maybe they didn’t realize what the F stood for and thought it was something more benign?
No source beyond the original tweet, sounds like the article is presenting a theory as fact. Shouldn’t we have heard from NASA by now if this was true?
I thought it was a social construct to provide social cover for suicide. To say someone was killed by accident or an external force versus chose to end their life and all. The energy usage idea seems interesting too.
The film taken a few days before the quake (included above) is great, my favorite way to watch it is with Femme d' Argent (Air) playing per a combo I saw years ago. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gaxz4-JUwlE It's calming but also sobering to know that almost everything in the video was destroyed within a few days and many of the people you see walking died in the incident.
I used to go to monthly breakfasts at the airport as part of the EAA, a group that builds experimental airplanes. I didn’t know it would come up but I waited patiently on the chance that something compatible would and was so happy when it did. If I hadn’t found a good opening by the end, I would have had to come up with something and it probably wouldn’t have been as cool so phew.
This says nothing about it being based on that engine, just makes comparisons between the two. How did you get the lineage idea exactly?
&gt; 2. They're only capable of heavy metallurgy (but this could be a caricature. What materially prevents them from using other materials?) What does this mean? Metallurgy is something the Soviet and Russians excelled at.
&gt; UK still has to wait another month. WHY? You aren't changing actors or languages. You are simply being asked to queue.
White person: "I don't see the big deal, segregation doesn't harm ME." Full person: "I don't understand starvation, I just had lunch!" Person in northern state: "I'll take some of that global warming please, you fucking libcucks! LOLololoLO!!1!" You: "As a short person I disagree. I have no preference if someone reclines in front of me; decreases my comfort by 0%" Edit: hello /t_d jerks
The more moving pieces they can inject into the situation, the easier it is to confuse the narrative. What’s easier to sell to a jury: a single charge that can be demonstrated clearly and unambiguously, or a Chewbacca lives on Endor Class shell game with a bunch of red herrings where you can dazzle and confuse and muddy the issues like one of hose NYC shell game scams? ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ Just a thought, can’t think of another reason for these shenanigans but might be a failure of my imagination.
I'm tempted to start labeling all my video locations as 'Wall Drug'. "THERE WAS A SIGN!"
&gt; Onion reference Hola Amigos, it’s your friend Jim Anchower rapping at you. The jimmobile is in the shop because the cops say it’s gotta have brake lights but you know how opportunity only comes once and when that Boston cover band came to town the choice was obvious. SO ANYWAYS your man is borrowing his sister’s bike this week and cruising old school when the weirdest thing happens at this intersection...
&gt; Technically it stands for Big Falcon Rocket. Politely, perhaps, but Big Fucking Rocket was the original initialism and Falcon was grafted in later when it started being used in interviews outside the company.
The B-52 is still actively used and the fleet is expected to reach the century mark. There are newer planes that can do the same things or better, but the USAF already HAS the B-52 and has decided it's able to maintain them as active assets when budget uncertainties and political complexities have affected a couple of its planned replacements. The B-1 has gone through huge upheavals and changes over the decades and is STILL only available in limited numbers. If the Miranda and the Excelsior can be cheaply built and were built in large numbers and are cheaper to maintain than complete replacement ships are to build, then why not? We saw inside Sisko's Miranda (was it the Saratoga?) that the ships are upgraded and maintained over the years, it looked very modern and not at all like a Khan-Era ship after all, so if it ain't broke... why fix it?
We all know that, it’s the concern that the examiner might tighten the screws to make a good impression, I think.
There’s the subspace vacuole thing in Voyager (the one that ate the Ares mission at Mars) that putters along through normal space before eventually sliding back into subspace. I wonder if the Nexus did something similar, where it hangs out at sub-c then drops back into the unknown and periodically reappears around the galaxy.
It is deeply enjoyable in precisely the way the first two weren't.
I think maybe it depends on the coast. There have been some spectacular back-lit Florida launches like the MUOS one back in 2015 which occurred at dawn.
"Not gonna lie" is such a weird thing to say in general, double so in this situation.
Cozy IV is great, I bought the plans a decade ago and may even build it some day, my shop ended up insufficient to the task. Wonderful planes.
&gt; Supposedly, both BFS and BFR are not going to be practicing "hoverslams" with empty tanks and milliseconds of gravity/thrust/altitude precision. It will be a gentle touchdown, with the ability to actually hover above the landing site, adjust a few centimeters, then descend, and still have fuel left over. Got a source on this? I've heard folks in the community suggest this, but am not familiar with anything official/from SpaceX and this might be new knowledge.
Maybe he suspects but just.... doesn’t want to know. It can be distressing to discover things about ourselves that are as mundane, why assume Harry is really ready to look down the barrel of the rifle he thinks being Starborn means?
It’s almost as tall as a Falcon 9 first stage, if that helps.
Bless your heart.
It's like.... pidgeon and hampster. "It's a damn fool man who can only spell a word one way" - Andrew Jackson, maybe. Or maybe some kid who heard he said it from their parents and was like 'I don't even care enough to google it' and now 30 years later here we are.
It hadooped all over itself.
It is possible the [Europa Clipper will launch on a Falcon Heavy](https://www.reddit.com/r/spacex/comments/7xk1u5/according_to_nasa_budget_europa_clipper_may/), the launcher hasn't been chosen yet and according to NASA's budget docs, they're considering a commercial rocket instead of SLS.
GOOSE A CAT for double checking what equipment's legally required for day VFR flight. I actually use it more than I expected, lots of forum conversations about 'can I fly without x' out there. Gas gauge Oil Pressure Oil Temp Seatbelt Emergency Locator Transmitter Altimeter Compass Airspeed indicator Tachometer
&gt; I am not going to lie Always such a weird way to begin a sentence.
But they have so much sodium
Tell us about the morality of forcing a woman to keep a dead baby in her, please. What’s the basis for this being a moral belief instead of cruel incompetence?
Can a nation only do one thing at a time?
I don't understand what you're saying. There's more than a billion people in India, how many do you think will be involved in this program that might show economic benefit in the future? I share your belief that seeking redress and fixing the terrible misogyny in India are absolutely vital but I also can't grasp how stopping 50-100 or whatever people from making this other simultaneous investment in India's future makes the world a better place. It's possible to argue that India increasing its outreach and building these relationships could even help provide more pressure on the international stage to help bring about these social improvements. So how does one argue that a country of 1.3 billion people cannot do anything else first? In the US at the height of the US civil war, there were still people farming and building houses. In the darkest days of WWII, there were still people making fishing poles and going to university. In downtown New York in the hours following the collapse of the towers, there were still people driving busses, sweeping floors, making coffee, and all the other millions of tasks that seem to come along with society. To argue that every aspect of a nation's day to day operations should stop until one specific problem (no matter how important, and we aren't arguing that it's vitally important) is solved seems really.... weird.
&gt; He does resemble some Far Side caricature. Why, that may be Thag Simmons! One way to find out, I'm gonna need a stegosaur...
&gt; It takes a LOT more fuel to get to the Moon than to Mars, simply because BFR can't refuel on the Moon (no way to generate Methane), so you have to bring enough fuel for a whole roundtrip, not just enough to get there. Also there's the whole fully-propulsive descent/landing. Mars provides free braking delta-v w/ the atmosphere but the Moon is a fully DIY planetoid when it comes to providing your landing energy. I know that YOU know this, just mentioning it in case /u/RednekAvenger missed that in their maths.
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ It’ll happen or it won’t, not gonna waste energy deciding everything is shit and he World is terrible and blah blah blah, I choose a little optimism. Hope tastes better than never ending cynicism and I’m hungry for a little more hope in my life right now.
The Dragon won't mount directly to the first stage so they'd need to build SOMETHING, whether it's an S2 or an adapter. I'm hoping for some kind of adapter that has a nose cone or some other shielding to improve the chances of the first stage surviving the supersonic hammerfist once that Dragon leaves.
That is a perceptive question. Something like that might happen briefly if the solar system was on the same plane but Earth is inclined at 7.155° to the Sun’s equator while Saturn is 5.51°. Earth’s shadow, as it is, misses Saturn.
&gt; Remember when ITER was supposed to only cost 5 billion? Compare ITER's 3x budget expansion to JWST's 20x expansion. The original budget of $500M has been modestly exceeded and there's got to be a point where we stop making excuses for the contractor and figure out how this has happened, no?
The external tank didn’t explode either, it conflagrated/burned. Explosion is a very specific term that doesn’t apply here. A bonfire might generate flames reaching high into the sky, but it’s not an explosion. When the external tank for challenger ruptured, some of the oxidizer and fuel burned and you can see that in the form of the big fireball, but it didn’t explode and the orbiter was ripped apart by aerodynamic forces, not an explosion. This is not someone being pedantic, words mean specific things for reason and explosion is not the correct word here.
You do not sound like a pleasant right person and that predates your poor decision re: trust. Why wouldn’t you take showers daily? Gross.
He sold millions of the pens, just not all to space programs. I have one, for instance. Edit: and I’m not a space program.
(After being judged by a stranger for what she presents of herself in public) &gt; sure, because you know me /r/selfawarewolves
That's an ITS, no doubt. Instead of using someone else's model, try making one on your own? I've been having a LOT of fun trying (and failing and failing and sometimes working) at getting working BFR-style systems with working flybck boosters and functioning BFS'. I've got a subscaled one that I'm successfully belly-flop landing back on Kerbin but suspect will have a harder time with interplanetary entry speed but it does the belly-first entry all the way down to a few hundred meters per second then i deploy a pair of air brakes to do a powered vertical landing. It's hecking fun.
&gt; If the fuel gauges don't work doesn't that make the plane not legal to fly? In the US, yes per 91.205. I’m curious about this too.
What are you, robophobic?
A fully expended falcon heavy is somewhere between 1/10 and 1/20 the cost of a single SLS launch. Edit: if you do honest accounting and amortize the total program cost across all launches of the program, the final figure may come out to 1/100th-1/200th the cost of an SLS launch.
&gt; Still no evidence that it's not cgi That’s not how this works. You’ve made the claim that it’s CGI, so the burden is on you to show evidence.
Technical no, but hasn’t funding been paused?
You assume that the salt water itself was the problem, and not the mechanical properties of impacting the water and possibly causing microfractures in the skin that would allow the carbon fiber matrix to be contaminated. On the subject of Dunning-Kruger…
&gt; Ariane is the only launch option that Europe has, isn’t it? For defense payloads, but Ariane has been a giant in the commercial telco market for a while. ULA has survived on primarily government launches so I think they’re saying ArianeSpace will probably fall into that same model. The companies (whether based in France or Mozambique or Singapore or whatever) will continue to choose launchers for their birds on factors beyond ‘is the launch provider in my country’ so much of that business will presumably leave ArianeSpace for the US.
No airport improvement grants in place? I’ve seen airports protected by grants that come with decade-plus longevity agreements, I hope that y’all have folks involved who would know if there were any grants accepted (like for runway improvements, paving, asphalt repair, etc) that could help. Learning that a consequence of shutting down the airport is being sued by the FAA might cause pause...
&gt; Are you talking about the suborbital global flights? They will most likely be orbital, suborbital trajectories that reach the far away destinations are basically orbital already and a suborbital trajectory would be more complicated because it would spend so much time in atmosphere OR use as much fuel as an orbital flight. Nearer destinations would result in higher g-loading than an orbital reentry because the angles would be steeper.
What a weird little rant. Because they moved to Country Club Road, right? This is the best insult you came up with and it involves 'bon bons'? This is like reading Iraqi taunts to Desert Storm soldiers that 'Bart Simpson is sleeping with their wives while they're gone'.
What is the purpose of this point? You submitted this more than a half hour after the launch.
Pellaeon was in Clone Wars so he’s already in the canon, perhaps they mean Mara Jade? Not sure what her role would be but she’s a fan favorite.
Part of their business model is taking on backbone traffic so presumably they'll be putting in high bandwidth ground stations at useful fiber nodes.
The bigger any operation, the more time is required to begin executing it unless you're willing to pay for responsiveness. To have ships heading out immediately would mean that you had people stationed at the port and a fueled, ready-to-go ship prepared already. To call it the SpaceX Navy is fun, but unlike a real military Navy there' no good reason for them to have people living onboard combat-loaded ships ready to get underway at a moment's notice. Shoot, even the military has a challenge with this unless they're on alert. See Pearl Harbor and the amount of time it took for the Nevada to get under way. More than a half-hour after the attack began before it was under power, and that was a warship loaded with hundreds of people who were trained to respond quickly. A tug boat is less complicated, but it's still different than just turning the key on your Mazda and hitting the road and there's no guarantee the crew would be at the boat vs. sitting at home with their families.
That would be great, but the timing could be a challenge. They probably want to get that completed by March and will have a narrow window to refurbish the capital from DM-2 for the test to avoid delaying DM-2 (which requires that the flight abort has been completed). Lots of moving parts.
It is technically correct which as we all know, is the best kind of correct.
W11th Nachos is gone, but the sauce still exists! They have it in the chilled section of Market of Choice!
I've tried a few and the ones that I now buy exclusively are the Etekcities. They work well, integrate cleanly, and they also monitor power consumption which feels like a really nice premium feature for such inexpensive plugs.
Why do you assume they *can’t* versus just prefer not to?
&gt; “Cassandra woke up to the rays of the sun streaming through the slats on her blinds, cascading over her naked chest. She stretched, her breasts lifting with her arms as she greeted the sun. She rolled out of bed and put on a shirt, her nipples prominently showing through the thin fabric. She breasted boobily to the stairs, and titted downwards.” - scottbaiowulf
"There's no rule that says a walking armored transport can't be part of the team!" "Well, I think maybe there's a rule that-" "I AM THE RULES."
Sarek (to Spock): "I regret that we meet in this way. You and I are of a kind. In a different reality, I could have called you... son." Kirk (looking around): "Guys, this is getting really weird. You DO see it, right?!"
&gt; there have to be emotions there There were absolutely emotions. Most Vulcan stories in trek have something to do with emotions that are repressed to varying degrees of effectiveness. The emotionless Vulcan is the ideal, the story they tell others. The reality is that they're all constantly fighting these mostly unseen demons just under the surface and sometimes hugely prickish hypocrites as a result.
&gt; She likely gets her news from Twitter, where that Qanon delusion runs rampant Not to mention that she also pushed the Qanon conspiracy herself. She took the bait hook, line, and sinker and fell for that twaddle. Not her finest moment...
I liked the part when they investigated the hole using a knife. Crime procedurals like Law &amp; Order would be very interesting if the detectives used knives to perform their investigations.
If you run out of RTLSDR project interests, you could also put chrome reflective vinyl on the dish and place a heat collector (black painted copper tube for instance) where the transponder usually goes, write a program that tracks the sun so the focus is on the heat block, and circulate liquid through it for fun and profit (power generation, hot water tank, etc)
&gt; I was this way with the falcon heavy, *and tbh I still kind of am* based on its single flight That's kinda weird.
&gt; The companies in town had all switched to allowing credit/debit before Uber made it. "Credit card reader's busted, you got cash?" How many times did any us hear that crap? No, you just want to work off the books.
&gt; These skates use Hyperloop technology I think this is an error, doesn't it mean Tesla technology?
Starliner is Boeing, was that supposed to be the current BFS name instead?
Translation: we are unwilling to commit to protecting the data of our users. That’s what these messages mean. Edit: see GDPR
Would it? I’d think the atmosphere would freeze completely within a short period of time, possibly months. Heat radiating out without the sun adding it back in is pretty severe.
So say we all!
&gt; There's no business case for it. 60 mins for $50,000 NYC to Beijing when supersonic aircraft will come into existence and brings it down to 5 hours for $15,000. All of these numbers are made up, I'm not sure why you're citing them if you're expecting anyone to take you seriously.
All y’all are young, I’m amazed I haven’t seen Star Control II here, that game had a wicked score. I still hum songs from it 25 years later and YouTube has tons of remixes which tells me I’m not alone.
/r/titlegore
They never say it, but then again they don’t really say they’re angels either, right? I feel like it’s super implied by when they skip ahead 50,000 years to the cycle repeating again.
It would take millions of years for a breathable atmosphere to drain away to hnsurvivable levels. Any civilization that can create an inhabitable atmosphere in a century(s) timescale can deal with that.
You can verify this independently. Might be time for some introspection if you're so committed to covering your eyes and ears to avoid hearing uncomfortable truths that you parrot these anti-American lies about the press in general being the enemy and stuff like that.
Nope, it really is that stupid. It’s at Earth-Moon L1 not LLO.
TSLA shorts and Old Space trolls: "Bullshit. Who are you gonna believe, the people who actually work for him, or us?"
Doesn’t sound like you’re arguing honestly if that’s your response to what they said about how easy it is to kill using a car.
The one mile test track cost them $10 million and that's before their hardware optimization so they're expecting to be able to do their tunneling for even cheaper yet. If their 1.0 pricing is so much less per mile than the subway (in a big part no doubt because of the smaller diameter) then that's very promising for the future.
There's folks who don't like it and that's fine, there's no requirement that anyone like anything. But it seems like the 'CANCEL IT!' folks have a really heavy overlap with the 'the SJWs are ruining everything!' crowd so I'm kinda skeptical about how honest these folks are about disliking it as a trek versus disliking it because there are non-white/non-straight male lead characters.
I'm very skeptical that it will land so slowly. There are more downsides to the hover-land (over semi-suicide burn) than upsides. Re: the audio, has anyone ever heard someone say 'roger that' to Max Q on the launch net for any rocket? Like... why?
Very few clouds in orbit, the weather is traditionally fairly good up there. :) The ping advantages come from the low altitude of the satellites, not the lasers. The lasers will allow higher bandwidth.
&gt; CRS-7 was a failure of a new booster. CRS-7 failed in the second stage, does it still count?
Yup, a strut holding a helium reservoir broke then things got... explody. A second stage failure also killed AMOS 6, the boosters have been innocent victims of second stage treachery twice.
How To Tame Your Spaceship
Will the N22 configuration of Atlad V use these and if so, what’s the certification load? If new COPVs need 7 flights before humans are carried then presumably a completely new SRM has some requirement too, right?
Thanks! I had he impression that it was much firmer, guess I was mistaken.
([peels off sideburns dramatically](https://giphy.com/gifs/cheezburger-star-trek-beard-YkDcmBBdSQKyI))
There's another one of those 'if BFR can really be operated cheaply....' opportunities because one of those could give the station a tremendous boost above the soup using the reaction control system because the BFR RCS uses the same fuel as the rockets so there's plenty available, especially with cheap tanking. We've been trained to focus on mass fractions and absolutist STEM-only orbital applications but as costs drop, we can afford to expand our horizons a little. Even if one person sees no purpose to preserving history it doesn't mean that's the case for everyone.
\#trumpshutdown
That's the sound the empty gun doesn't make, too, so this works on a couple levels.
Know the pluses and limitations of the motors you're considering, purchase-cost is just one part of it. I'm attracted to the mechanical simplicity and smoothness of the wankel rotary engines like the 13B and Renesis from Mazda, but I know that if I put one in my plane, I'll also need to have a redrive unit to gear the prop-speed down and that adds mechanical complexity and possible failure points. If I were to build a Zenith 750, the Corvair is very attractive because of the cost plus it being a six-cylinder engine that can run direct-drive, but then again the performance sweet-spot is still faster than the ideal prop-speed for flight so I'd be taking a heavier motor and leaving some HP on the table. It's not an easy decision, I'd include a "if cost wasn't an issue, does this engine offer other benefits?" discussion when deciding just so you can guard against settling for too much when picking something. Also know that automotive engine conversions DO take more effort than off-the-shelf aviation engines, and I say this as someone who's pro-automotive conversion. Know what you're getting into. Also, consider giving some thought to mature auto-conversions, things that have lots of planes in the air like Subarus and VWs (I have no idea what size plane so that's a pretty wide performance range, heh) so you can read builder logs and see what challenges need to be overcome.
I’m grateful that the “top minds“ of this community who used to claim that they just dumped the tons of liquid oxygen out when there was an abort “because it’s so cheap“ aren’t trying to push that nonsense anymore. I don’t know what the turning point was, but it seems like they all disappeared one day and good riddance.
Are the people telling you this Prius owners or "folks who heard from a friend/research/etc"? Lots of Hybrid disinfo out there. I had almost 200k on my 2008 HyHi when it was totaled and the battery was going great.
https://twitter.com/Robotbeat/status/1076553768760676353
&gt; No, but it turns yellow on orbit from oxidation Yeah, that's the big problem on orbit... all the oxygen screwing around with our ships. Come on.
I don't use raincoats because I want to be dry, that's a nice side benefit but that's all. I use an umbrella so I can be on my phone while I walk. A raincoat doesn't protect your screen.
https://politics.theonion.com/black-man-out-of-work-1819579551
Traffic today is human controlled, it sounds as if you may be unaware that this system is autonomous; each car is being controlled by a computer and not people.
&gt; It is mostly plastic, after all. Carbon fiber is mostly carbon, if you’re talking about the resin that stiffens it, that’s a small portion and while the trains are polymers, they’re not conventionally ‘plastics’.
It’s nothing at your profile that causes it to look city, it’s the unburnt kerosene from the turbo pump on the Maryland. There are two reasons why the BFR won’t have the same problem: first, it’s staged combustion and the turbo pump exhaust is part of the actual main chamber exhaust and gets fully used because it’s an oxygen rich reaction, and second: it burns methane instead of kerosene and methane burns much cleaner.
I think a full-size pallet will fit in one and someone told me they're a popular 'hot shot' shipping platform because of the MPGs.
They’re not using tiles, I think you misunderstood.
&gt; Anyone believing Musk at this point has porridge for brains. - makoivis This is your brain on Thunderf00t. Any questions? \- PSA
Happy Life Day (wookie noises)
And has been for like 15 years, it just became more public last year.
...and now it’s even more offset!
[There's a PDF of the wiring diagram for your Gen2 here](https://priuschat.com/threads/wire-diagram.101368/) that shows the connections for the wiper controller. I suspect your best bet would be to simulate completing the intermittent wiper circuit that's closed when you operate the wiper lever, that way all the behind-the-scenes logic for returning ithem to their parking positions is taken care of. I'd suggest getting a multimeter, setting it to DC, then plugging the black to ground and then probing the wiper relay box where you think the INT circuit is when you hit that lever.
No argument there, but if they can build in capacity for testing stuff like that later then it's cheaper in the beginning. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
I'm a pilot and I'm in awe at the combination of skill and chance and engineering that came together to deliver those folks safely to the ground, have no doubt about that. I'm fully on team rocket, here, I just wanted to share an incredible story where a plane did a thing and the flight crew pulled off an astonishing success. I carry a piece of that plane around with me every day for luck.
Oh shoot! Clarification, I’m not an airline pilot, I’m a private pilot with a single engine piston plane, nothing fancy. I wish the story about getting a piece of the Gimli Glider was cool, but I literally just ordered it from the PlaneTags people (who bought a skin panel when she was retired and scrapped recently). The airline pilots who deserve this kudos are hauling our butts everywhere rain or shine and even on holidays and I would never want to take any of the credit they deserve. tldr; I WISH I was that cool, but I ain’t
That sounds cool! And don’t discount yourself, I’m not rich or anything, flight lessons are within the grasp of more people than is commonly known. You learn by the hour, go at your own pace/budget, and there’s no big commitment. If this is something you’re interested in learning more about, can I suggest dropping by a local airport, visiting one of the small flight schools that exist almost everywhere, and asking about a “discovery flight“? Usually for less than $100, you can take a no strings attached flying lesson to see how it feels. If you end up deciding it’s not for you, you still have a lifetime of stories you can tell about “the time I took a flying lesson“, and if you’re really unlucky, you’ll get bitten by the bug and have taken your first step towards learning a super fun skill.
Is it your belief that people who are wronged should just quietly give in and not bother to try and seek redress? It sounds like a bully-enabling mindset.
You keep pasting that in here, but it is evident that you don't understand how this doesn't apply to this story. You don't give up all control of an image once you post it to Instagram, you just give Instagram the right to display it. They need this to protect their ability to, you know, SHOW PEOPLE the image. The problem here wasn't instagram, it was the people using it to sell clothes.
I understand the nature of the misunderstanding, again, it was very much a matter of context. I hope my explanation helped. Cheers.
What do you call an echo chamber is actually a crowd of people who know more about the subject than you do. You misread Instagram’s terms and/or have a fundamental misunderstanding of the nature of the dispute here.
Fair enough, though the show runners have themselves made the connections too and even that they were originally supposed to even be called Holmes and Watson: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gregory_House#Parallels_to_Sherlock_Holmes
Yeah, stuff like that takes out a big chunk of credibility and loses audience. I was with the poster up until that, then I switched back to "meh" then after that some of their tone in the responses here turned me off. I've had problems with the mods over there deleting my submissions as "low effort" when I spent hours making stuff and it felt pretty bad so I was sympathetic, but somewhere along the way OP kinda alienated even me.
&gt; Well, if you feel that way, I'll just delete everything so no one can learn anything. Yikes.
1. Turn on computer I’m helping!
For real progress, failure MUST be an option. It was a great mentality to getting the crew of Apollo 13 back alive, but when it mutates into a culture where even experiments during R&amp;D aren’t allowed to ‘fail’, it becomes an expensive anchor to forward motion.
ULA has a lower average salary than SpaceX, sounds like you may have fallen for one of industry’s FUD campaigns. They also have higher Glassdoor scores so ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Stepplebots above seems to think involuntary bag checking is a great reward. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ Some folks just don’t get it.
Wasn’t their suicide rate actually lower than the overall region the factory was in? Or did I misremember?
It feels like we have some kind of fundamental communication problem, I don’t know where to go from here.
Why?
Why not move back to wired then? If the lag persists when you use the USB cable, maybe it's not the wireless that's laggy? I want wireless because I like to take photos on road trips and the last time I drove a Carplay car, it was disruptive to need to disconnect my phone whenever I stopped somewhere to hop out and photograph something.
It travels to the same stars that Boeing’s Starliner and the Beechcraft Starship fleet visited.
&gt; Is there anything fancy material wise, which is essential (and modern) for Spacex capabilities? Surely they can design, build and test things on much faster cycles than before, but on a contrast hands-on workers were much more skilled back then. Instead of 150 000€/y snowflake talent, you could get similarly skilled 4 average joes doing longer hours in worse conditions without complaining. what the fuck This is the weirdest unsupported group put-down I’ve ever seen here.
Why did you think there was a connection between Space Force and this?
Yup! It's been a very successful program (the CRS ones) and NASA has said it's saved them tremendous amounts of money compared to the old way they used to handle jobs like this. The individual companies have strong reasons to find economical ways to do things because that improves their margins plus it helps companies break into the Good Ol' Boys Club of aerospace and we've seen how important that can be with successes like SpaceX (which owes so much to NASA awarding it a resupply contract in the early days). Industry prospers, tax payers benefit financially, new technologies are developed because fresh approaches are tried, it's a pretty amazing payoff in just about every regard.
Just because they haven’t been test fired doesn’t stop them from fabricating some. They probably have a pretty good idea what they’ll do because of CFD and component level acceptance tests so the risk of needing to trash them based on tests is probably low.
Perhaps that part of the construction is safe for components like this for now and there’s greater value in getting hem in now and plumbed than waiting. Or maybe there’s boilerplate or otherwise non-fire worthy engine hardware in there now for them to plumb around as reference.
&gt; Its not going to space. (Musk stares intently at comment, furrowed brows. Takes a drink. Stares more. Picks up phone.) “Gwynne, I need a couple more surplus S2 tanks, you got any? Yeah, for the hopper. Uh-huh.... uh-huh.. well, there’s this guy on reddit who- uh-huh, yeah.... ol, well I suppose you’re right, they aren’t free. No, no worries, I’ll just take it up with him on twitter instead and- oh? Well, ok, if it’s not any hassle... ok, thanks! We’ll take care of the methalox plumbing stuff on site, just let us know... ok... thanks! You’re the best!” (Click) (Picks up phone, dials again) “Jen, we’re expanding the Starhopper test regime. We’re gonna need a new FCC license to start with, can you help me out?” (Pause) (Muttered) “‘Not going to space’? You’re not the boss of me, ion cloud nine.”
They said ‘living’ so it’s obviously some sort of Mummy’s Curse situation.
Corporations are made of people, when you see my company at a pride event it’s because a group of LGBTQ folks lobbied to get money to fund the event. A corporation isn’t some monolithic, scheming creature looking to take your monies, it’s hundreds or thousands of folks (some scheming, some not) pushing their own interests and in my case it’s in my interest to funnel (hundreds, sometimes thousands of) dollars at my local pride org because it’s something I can do through the power of paperwork. What’s the benefit in demonizing my efforts to help? Is making this some Marxist battleground to disempower your LGBT colleagues who work at companies that’s worth it? Are the interests of the folks shitting on us really aligned with the community?
Bless your heart, you don’t understand words.
&gt; Wait isn't an ovarian cyst a baby? Oh dear no. If the fertilized egg is in the ovary, that’s a bad thing. The cysts are filled with fluid, not baby, and can be awfully painful or even life threatening in some cases.
"Want us to put out an all-points bulletin or will just sending the SWAY team along be sufficient? Regardless, we'll have three of our detectives coordinate with you on Operation Bicycle." Getting cops to show up to what MAY be an innocent bike sale (poster did say that they needed to verify it was theirs in person first) sounds pretty tricky, when I had a bike stolen I could barely get them to take a police report on it and that was just paperwork I was offering to fill out *at the station*.
I can't tell if you're deliberately misinterpreting what I wrote or not. If you tell the police there's weapons involved and they arrive with that assumption, then the chances that a non-violent piece of shit thief will become a dead piece of shit thief. They've already demonstrated the poor decision-making abilities that have led them to this lifestyle, why do you assume they'd be able to de-escalate a tense situation with law enforcement who has been told that these folks are armed and dangerous? This is why SWATting works too, it leverages artificial preconceptions to cause violence to be more likely to happen. If you aren't familiar with this phenomena or hadn't considered how following your advice could bring that about, then I hope this helps.
The latest info we have is that the first refueling will be done by normal cargo BFR upper stages/BFS/'Starships' that will launch empty and consequently have plenty of extra fuel to use for tanking. They dock Requiem-for-a-Dream-style using the plumbing that connects to the first stage when it's on the pad and is used for fueling it on the ground, then they use RCS to settle the fuel and (somehow transfer happens, whether by pump or autogeneous pressurization or gravity or whatnot). Eventually they would develop specific tanker variants designed to maximize fuel upmass.
&gt; Actually none of those Apologies if I wasn't more clear: &gt; (somehow transfer happens, whether by pump or autogeneous pressurization **or gravity or whatnot**) You're describing the last one I put, that's what the latest Musk implied was (that it would basically just pour from one to the other under the acceleration of the RCS, 'gravity' was imprecise but I thought this crowd would understand what I meant). I have skepticism about how effective this will be (as in how much propellant will need to be expended over the duration of the transfer) and am wondering if we'll hear an update to this during the upcoming conference. My own guess is that it'll go to using the RCS like ullage then cause the propellants to 'squirt' more quickly to the receiving tank autogeneously, but we'll see.
He had a pressurized cabin the whole flight, I bet the modifications were so he could take pictures and wind film with gloves on or something.
Please share with us the thought process that led to this ridiculous question.
I can't speak for anyone else, but I'm underwhelmed by your responses here. Putting someone on defensive for complimenting you and asking if you made it is considered a pretty crummy move in most of human society, plus cross-posting is no guarantee that it's not the creator doing the cross-posting. For future reference, a less... socially inept approach to this situation would be something like "I found this on /r/interestingasfuck and cross-posted it here, not my creation but there might be more over in that thread (with a link)". There is no requirement that you act in a manner that makes people not regret their interactions with you, but it seems to make life more pleasant for most of us so I guess your mileage may vary.
The question isn't whether a thing is allowed when it comes to the FARs, it's usually finding whether things are prohibited. Is there a specific FAR that says we can't land off-airport? So long as we don't violate the 91.13 "operating a plane in an unsafe manner" what rule would say this is forbidden?
Radiator Springs, obviously. Ka'chow!
The title is the clickbait, it implies the launch is imminent.
&gt; In Star Trek lore, the Federation shipyards are actually in orbit above Mars: the Utopia Planitia Fleet Yards In TNG that’s the case, but the commissioning plaque for the Prime universe NCC-1701 said ‘San Francisco Shipyards’, right? Perhaps force field technology made shirt sleeve construction easier to pull off on orbit by that era. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ Building these outside for now seems less and less weird as time passes. Humanity has been building giant steel structures this way for over a century, the mindset twist for me is applying ship and water tank building stuff like this to spacecraft because we’ve all become accustomed to delicate, eggshell fragile vehicles forced on us by super tight margins and the goddamned rocket equation. In the way that the 9 rocket cluster for Falcon 9 made ridiculous things like landing boosters feasible (where it isn’t for monolithic, big engine rockets thatcant throttle down far enough) I wonder if the limitation of needing on orbit refueling to do anything beyond LEO will end up being the forced issue/tech that reaches not only forward in time to things like Mars landings, but also backwards to freeing decisions like ‘fuck it, use stainless because we’re gonna need to fuel up anyways’ that will end up shaking up the whole equation. When humans get to Mars, it would be neat if a shipyards is built at Utopia Planitia just because, but who knows, maybe that’ll be a shirtsleeve open field rocket operation too in a couple centuries. :)
Did it ever say that on screen about those drydocks, or is that a fan-creation?
That would make more sense, thanks. Edit: Ooops, nope, the poster [did indeed](https://old.reddit.com/r/SpaceXLounge/comments/bxwt4p/stopped_by_starship_in_cocoa_a_bit_more_progress/eqabx2c/) think it was less than 9m diameter.
@realDonalTrump: &gt; For all of the money we are spending, NASA should NOT be talking about going to the Moon - We did that 50 years ago. They should be focused on the much bigger things we are doing, including Mars (of which the Moon is a part), Defense and Science! This is in contrast to his May 13 tweet: &gt; [Under my Administration, we are restoring @NASA to greatness and we are going back to the Moon, then Mars. I am updating my budget to include an additional $1.6 billion so that we can return to Space in a BIG WAY! ](https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1128050996545036288?lang=en)
Considering that he starts out the tweet saying we shouldn't talk about going to the moon, it doesn't make sense to imply that he actually meant the moon was part of the trip to Mars. As for benefit of the doubt, in all honesty I can't understand how folks would continue to do so in light of the last two years. There's got to be a point where even the most charitable person has to pause.
Not arguing with you about the truck driver being at fault, they have a responsibility to verify they can make the lane change safely. Only commenting on the blinker, I’ve watched the first few seconds a couple dozen times and it really looks like there’s a second set of lights on the door and that it’s signaling before the video starts. Doesn’t excuse the truck, also illuminates Tesla’s crummy decision to advance into the lane space.
The author seems to have confused TBC with Hyperloop, how very odd.
I think you're responding to the wrong guy.
It’s tricky but they’ve built a drone they’re gonna send shortly, we will see.
&gt; lmao Seems a little much for the comment it’s attached to. LMAO Inflation is killing the lolconomy, you know.
The part where he tried to suggest the Jews killed were done so as a ritual sacrifice to purchase Israel is some topkook. This implication that ‘clearly the Jews are responsible for the holocaust’ is my least favorite new “stop hitting yourself” variant yet.
&gt; over 20 20 speed?!
If you play weddings, it pays to know songs like this. This is not a stretch, even in the tiniest possible way.
Based on the other air travel I do and from looking around the terminal, it seems special outfits for trans-oceanic travel can span formal business wear all the way to stained sweats with undersized shirts that may or may not have been intended to be worn under other clothes.
Well done re: landing! I have a question for the community spurred by the loss of power on short-final being problematic ("I start going down faster than the runway is approaching"). About 10 or so years ago, I started landing my P-28 Cherokee by going full-idle abeam the numbers. My logic is that I benefit by making every landing an 'engine-out practice session' and am in a better position to deal with an engine-out by virtue that I've set my whole landing up to deal with it already. If I were to lose my engine, 9/10 of my landings would be total non-events because I'd make it to my planned touchdown point regardless. 1/10 of the time, I'd land just a little short because I'm not perfect and I'm always fine tuning my energy management skills and in practice, that means that once in a while I've gotta burp the throttle above idle. I recognize that this technique might not be practical in some planes for plenty of good reasons, but it works fine on all the bugsmashers I've flown (which would realistically cover the vast majority of the fleet) so why isn't it taught more commonly? Sure, I fly the same 747 patterns others do if the pattern is crowded or I'm flying into a towered field, but when I'm #1, it's full idle abeam the numbers. Any thoughts on whether or not that as a normal operation might help make situations like this less stressful for folks who encounter it?
In much of the US, ‘tipped wages’ mean that the server makes something like $2.13 an hour and is expected to reach minimum wage via tips. Not tipping at all is kinda like... penalizing them, I guess? Like, not just failing to give them a bonus monies, but actually taking money out of their hands in a way. I’m not sure, exactly, trying my best to put this into words. Now I live in a state where nobody gets less than $10.75 an hour but we have the same tip culture. I wonder sometimes if that means we have a different responsibility as consumers than elsewhere but I’m really not sure. It’s a bit of a taboo subject too and difficult to talk about without emotions spiking and being accused of being some kind of Mr. Pink villain but I do wonder sometimes.
Not bad. Thanks!
That's way faster than my 2013 OEM system I'm replacing (just over 30 seconds, 2013 Hybrid Highlander) for Bluetooth, so very nice. I hope stereo reviews start including this metric regularly, it seems like an oft overlooked one.
Apollo didn’t have airlocks, neither did Voshkod yet both hosted spacewalks through different means. Humans are clever, this is not a dealbreaker.
That’s horseshit, there is no global ban on visiting people in the hospital if you aren’t family, where did you hear that? If you aren’t family, you have more limitations maybe on when you can visit and you don’t get to make decisions related to care for unresponsive patients etc, but if you’ve been telling yourself you can’t visit your friends in the hospital because you aren’t family then you’re gonna either need to figure out a new excuse or start being a better friend.
Yes! That was an outrage, it was his partner's family that was able to shut him out of things because he didn't have the protections of being a spouse. That's why I'm pushing back against the idea that there's a GLOBAL ban on non-family visiting people in the hospital because that's how it was presented above. They edited it afterwards, now the message reads this: &gt; You can't visit random people in the hospital you have to be family. &gt; Edit: in the ICU specifically, where people is in the danger of dying, at least in Chile. Non-family ARE allowed to visit. If the patient's family forces them out, that's a separate issue, likewise the time limits/visiting hours restrictions etc. But if you have a friend who had their tonsils out or heart attack or whatever and is up in their hospital room afterwards, you should be able to visit them during the proper hours. Not sure why this is a controversial statement unless a bunch of all y'all think you're not allowed to visit your friends in the hospital at all.
As o understand these would likely be seats on existing Crew missions to ISS, not separate flights.
My mistake, I mixed this up with the announcement last week re: seat pricing from NASA.
Is it above the fog yet?
If there’s fog up there it still sounds like a better bet than Ocean, gonna see if Uber will let me bring my folding bike up (hoping it’s mostly downhill back to town, heh).
Yes, but what coast? I think something got lost in my question, apologies if I didn’t write that better.
Maybe it’s a group of squirrels on a coat imitating a human so applause is correct? *we don’t know...*
They mentioned above that they only land at the lunch point (and drop payload off from the air) so there’s no return payload.
They would need pinpoint accuracy to come down in range of such radar that electric propulsion can’t offer, though, right?
I think that would be very difficult, look at how slowly the satellites are raising themselves. To get accurate re-entry, you need your impulse over a short period of time because the atmosphere changes shape tremendously at altitude based on temperate, winds, etc. The electric thrusters are very low power so 'aiming' the satellites isn't, as far as I know, feasible. You can just get it low enough that you *might* be able to predict within a several thousand kilometer long corridor where it will re-enter and that seems like something that would be difficult to plan to have radar at.
No doubt, but this is a thing that's only possible on Android.
You don’t? A yard dog that’s limited to a max of 25mph is probably going to be going much slower, perhaps the vehicle’s brakes will be sufficient.
It’s not, that’s the exhaust from the fuel being burned. At sea level and for the first few tens of thousands of feet that would look like a smoke trail, but as the atmosphere thins the exhaust gasses are increasingly less restrained and fly outwards faster and faster until you see stuff like this.
I’m as critical of SLS as anyone else but this moment makes no sense. No bucks, no Buck Rogers; if you want a commercially launched mission you may spend less but “almost nothing” is nonsense. I also reject this implicit suggestion that SLS is preventing them from fixing 737-MAX. Boeing employs thousands, it’s not some overworked single parent trying to keep the lights on by deciding between working an extra shift at the business factory or attending their kids’ piano recital.
&gt; Sure, but let's see how the program turns out before we start declaring it a success. It’s funny how willing you are to counsel patience when it comes to determining success while simultaneously being so free to imply that it’s failed.
Good lord, I mispasted that badly. Thanks! Fixed.
That was the logic w/ NGIS’ OmegA yet we saw an anomaly during the test fire a couple weeks ago. Cockiness kills missions and sometimes astronauts. I hope SLS will fly successfully, but I sure as heck won’t make these assumptions. Grasping defeat from the jaws of victory is easy when it comes to rockets.
That’s a weird criteria, but you can pronounce all the amino compounds in real meat?
I guess I got mixed up on the Arabsat 6A side boosters, whoops! Thank you for the correction.
They didn’t say it was cheap, just better. At that price point I sure hope so.
&gt; If you're gonna be dumb you gotta be tough. This would be great flair, well said.
A town employs a man to polish the old Civil War cannon that's down at City Hall. He shows up every day, does a great job, and everyone's happy. One day, he stops showing up and someone visits him to find out if he's ok. "I'm better than OK", he tells them. "I've saved and saved all these years and used my savings to buy my own cannon so that I can go into business for myself!" SpaceX stands to make money as an infrastructure provider for the same reason they don't also just build their own ISS to resupply.
dianostic
&gt; FAS I don't recognize this acronym, sorry. If you're asking about the abort engines, they were originally LOX/Alcohol fueled but Aerojet Rocketdyne modified them to use NTO+MMH because I think they share the same reservoir as the RCS.
&gt; but I'm sure someone will have some ridiculous head-canon overly forced reason for it. Bring this to /r/DaystromInstitute , we'll give it our best shot.
:(
So the real news here is that someone from the incel community somehow managed to get a date by the sound of it. It sucks that they (everything they did to you), sorry. But seriously this sounds like the incoherent misanthropy the incels live by, yikes.
Narn colonist: "Neat, a ship's visiting!" (ship comes into view) Narn colonist: "Oh... spoo."
&gt; but that's at least a decade away Out of curiosity, why so far out?
It takes more fuel to get from LEO to the surface of the moon than it does to get from LEO to the surface of Mars, this argument is only popular among folks who are unfamiliar with the delta-v subway map of the solar system.
Sh-sh-sh-sha, tank-sand!
tmckeage said "one bad article", an interesting way to describe an official FCC filing with the government.
Just because it’s NASA doesn’t make it /r/space.
But they are DIFFERENT. Even at 1% atmosphere, Mars’ co2 is a very different environment than the moon’s vacuum. You skipped the completely different EDL requirements too plus Mars has the building blocks for survival (Carbon, Hydrogen, Oxygen, Nitrogen) while the moon has just very hard to get oxygen (bound to silicon), trace amounts of unknown quantities of water at the poles, and basically no carbon. Everything needs to be shipped in, I’m not buying the idea that it’s obviously better and in the scientific and aerospace community, consensus seems to favor Mars for anyone who isn’t angling for moon contracts. I guess we will see, but this seems like an uninformed simplistism, the idea that “nearer means better” any more than saying a camping trip or scouting expedition to nearby highway median is better than going to a lake that takes a little longer to get to.
Not sure what point you’re trying to make, I was responding to someone who said Blue had never lost a rocket.
When fully fueled, this rocket will have an addition 1100 tons that need to be lifted with those nose rockets, sounds like it would need a very heavy nose propulsion system. I'm not sure what problem this solves.
Ah yes, the ‘Roman Fountain’.
They're sadness matrices! Matrixes? Maître de's? Oh bother.
&gt; He’ll never need that many engines that fast. He won’t need to be building 10 super heavies per year. SpaceX will be fine with like, 50-100 engines per year, which is still a lot. I know it’s fashionable to hand-wave away their E2E plans or to dismiss their Mars fleet efforts, but man... this really reads like a “640k ought to be enough for anybody” or “I think there is a world market for maybe five computers” levels of arrogance.
["I'm directly under the Earth's sun.... now."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbCe8aOBKPM)
This whole program is bonkers, it's gotta be getting harder and harder for some of the skeptics to argue against the disruption that's coming to the launch industry. Maybe even part of why there's this[ lack of acknowledgement](https://i.imgur.com/undefined.png) in "the real world" that these rockets are coming, because these changes are just so far beyond what history has taught us is How Rockets Are Done.
/s is training wheels, just write better sarcasm.
&gt; I'm just saying its not quite as simple as fishing the fairing out of the air, giving it a lick of new paint and strapping it onto the next rocket. Literally nobody is saying that here except you, it seems a little classless to try to backtrack by using a strawman argument in a comment edit.
Then why do you seem to assume that quantifying that risk is impossible? That’s my take away from yourcomments here, at least. It really feels like you are assuming no such effort is happening or can happen otherwise why are you arguing?
They haven’t reflown that yet, I think they’re still trying to figure out where the sweet spot is and collect some data comparing water recovery versus net recovery. Maybe they discover that the net recovered one is significantly better than the water one, maybe the opposite, or maybe there’s no difference? They probably hope to know the answer to that soon.
&gt; Such investigations take time and are expensive - so is it cost effective? or should you build a new one and recycle the old? I'm not saying yes or no, I'm just saying that SpaceX needs to find a system where they can verify the integrity of the component so that they can give definite risk factors, and that the system needs to be cheaper than getting a whole new fairing, because otherwise what's the point of reuse? They've been working on this reuse project for years, I hope you're not assuming this question has slipped their minds. They're less public about the internal workings than some organizations, more than others. If they're going to sell flights that reuse fairings, they'll have answers to these questions and based on public statements, reflying some of them on Starlink flights will probably be part of validating their models and techniques. The fairings have a $6 million price tag according to Musk, re-using them could mean tremendous marginal improvements which are more important for low priced rockets than ones with giant margins. They also apparently represent a manufacturing bottleneck so cutting down on the need for production helps in another way. The upsides to figuring this out are tremendous and they've already invested millions in it when you factor in developing the landing hardware &amp; software along with hard costs like renting Mr. Steven/Ms. Tree for so long. Lots of resources are going into this, why make a grand pronouncement that these risk factors must be quantified as if nobody at SpaceX thought of that before now?
As far as I know, most of the fuel used on return is to cancel out downrange velocity and aerodynamic friction takes care of the bulk of the vertical velocity. So the side boosters aren't that far and fast downrange when they separate so the payload increase for them using a drone ship is apparently not that big and it sounds like they probably wouldn't be able to save THAT much for the core's later use. In the end, it all comes down to upmass. The energy invested in the second stage at MECO overall controls how much work the core needs to do to survive a landing. If you change those variables (in the form of payload mass or trajectory) then it's probably easier to do it that way than to buy extra drone ships.
I'm sorry, I don't understand your question.
I wonder what the best metric to apply to situations like this are. SLS's design is probably more developed right now (sweet christmas, I hope so) than Starship, for instance, but if Starship flies first then logically there must be some point where its development position surpasses SLS, right? I wonder when that point would be.
That's the hopper test vehicle, I wasn't talking about it. There are two orbital vehicles also under construction in addition to that; one a few miles down the road in [Boca Chica](https://twitter.com/NASASpaceflight/status/1139942373104979968/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1139942373104979968%7Ctwgr%5E393039363b636f6e74726f6c&amp;ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FSpaceXLounge%2Fsearch%2F%3Fq%3Dboca%26restrict_sr%3Don%26sort%3Drelevance%26t%3Dall) (I visited it a couple months ago, pretty cool to see in person) and another in [Cocoa Beach, FL](https://i.redd.it/tnfskahtll431.jpg). If you were unaware of these, then come on over to /r/SpaceXLounge and check out some of the photo threads. These are not the same as the flying Instant Pot you mentioned.
Is it your assertion that both New Glenn and SLS will beat a Starship to orbit, then?
I don’t think the Sovereign Citizen movement has quite reached the stage you need for the rest of the law and courts to catch up to your novel interpretation of the law but if you choose to act as if it has, please let us know in advance.
I believe a homeowner is entitled to defend themselves and if that means shooting an intruder when there’s no alternatives, the law generally seems to agree with that viewpoint too. My specific problem is not with that, my problem is with this concept of “a warning shot“ which is considered an illegal discharge of the weapon pretty much anywhere in the United States and as far as I know, all national firearms safety organization are unanimous that they are a bad idea regardless of the law. If you know of any firearms safety or concealed carry organization that argue in favor of warning shots, I would be very interested in learning more.
Castle doctrine has nothing to do with 'warning shots', that's the thing. In a state with castle doctrine laws, you have legal protections if you *shoot the intruder*, but not for *firing warning shots*. I don't know how to write this more clearly.
&gt; suborbital rocket I'm pretty sure this isn't going to be an accurate way to describe E2E. The energy needed to do E2E to the other side of the world is within roughly one percent of the energy needed to get into orbit, plus you spend a big chunk of it re-entering and getting more heating than you would get from an orbital entry. I'm pretty confident they'll be entering a very low parking orbit then doing a de-orbit burn.
That's not the point, compare the booster size/propellant part of Starship ratio and compare it to a Falcon 9 first stage/second stage ratio.
They incorporated his contradiction into the article in an edit later that day, it's right there. https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1129629072097775616?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1129629072097775616&amp;ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.nasaspaceflight.com%2F2019%2F05%2Fspacex-ssto-starship-launches-pad-39a%2F They reported that it would be doing SSTO testing, then Musk made a statement that there's no use for that because you wouldn't be able to land the stage because it wouldn't have any fuel. Also if you're thinking "Well, E2E uses less energy" the difference is surprisingly small (as in one or two percent) vs orbit.
&gt; The only chance they'd have at a lawsuit would be if some PAC had bribed reddit for removing the sub. But I don't think they'd be stupid enough to do it in such a stupid way. Why do you think this would have any effect? Reddit is a company, they are not required to host stuff they don’t want.
Also on that launch they showed the same camera for both boosters by accident and fixed it before posting.
&gt; New York to Sydney in 2 hours I think they’re aiming for closer to 30 minutes.
Similarly, when the US Shuttle fleet received the Glass Cockpit upgrade (where they replaced a bunch of mechanical gauges and green CRTs with LCD screens), they didn’t want to revamp the shuttle software because it had cost huge amounts of time and money to make and was considered some of he highest quality code in the world. They ended up faking it a little. They barely touched the software and instead made the glass cockpit more like a KVM to the existing video signals that originally went to the CRTs and made a UI for the mechanical ‘steam gauges’. Even though the fleet looked like modern airliner cockpits by the end, they were running 1970s code under the covers. Edit: weird typo fix. “Gods cockpit” what the what
Physics dictate that it literally cannot be 3 hours without involving a wild parabolic trajectory that ends ina bunch of dead passengers who go squished by 25+ Gs on reentry. :)
Come on down, we kicked out a couple of jerks. Maybe we got new jerks, I dunno, but one way to find out.
We need that baby in less than 9 months, let’s get more women on the job! The Mythical Man Month should be required reading for management on these projects.
One chose to become a prosecutor, the other chose to prevent integration of schools by blocking federal intervention re: bussing. Personally I think... one of those is more damning than the other.
I'm a Sanders fanboy and I'll raise my hand here, definitely not the performance I was hoping for. I dig his policies and prefer him to most of the candidates, but my primary vote's in play and it's partially because I haven't been wowed by his performance tonight because it feels unchanged from 2016.
Imagine Stranger Things Wynona Rider in the role?
Is "assault weapon" even a defined term beyond 'it's black and looks scary'?
&gt; You are young and life is long and there is time to kill today. &gt; And then one day you find ten years have got behind you. &gt;No one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun.…
The reasons FH took so long are pretty well understood by folks who paid attention, there’s no real equivalent with this new project so if it’s delayed, it will be for different reasons.
Let’s check back after that first flight. 😉
&gt; most powerful [Well](https://giphy.com/gifs/5-second-films-n53X3Cj92dKAU).... the currently flying RD-180 has about twice the thrust and there are many others too. Hydrolox engines are hard to make high thrust but do well with Isp.
I believe it’s because literal nazis are smart enough to realize that if they have no compunction against operating in bad faith (which is super duper in-line with their... everything) then they can use non-nazi’s decency against them by making them second guess the assessment. I don’t know what the solution is, but they’ve basically weaponized the assumption of good faith.
From: https://www.reddit.com/r/flying/comments/3gxj8e/interesting_g1000_alert_today/cu2hhkq Just a little bit of a rework of the ole speed-check story: There were a lot of things we couldn't do in an Cessna 172, but we were some of the slowest guys on the block and loved reminding our fellow aviators of this fact. People often asked us if, because of this fact, it was fun to fly the 172. Fun would not be the first word I would use to describe flying this plane. Mundane, maybe. Even boring at times. But there was one day in our Cessna experience when we would have to say that it was pure fun to be some of the slowest guys out there, at least for a moment. It occurred when my CFI and I were flying a training flight. We needed 40 hours in the plane to complete my training and attain PPL status. Somewhere over Colorado we had passed the 40 hour mark. We had made the turn back towards our home airport in a radius of a mile or two and the plane was performing flawlessly. My gauges were wired in the left seat and we were starting to feel pretty good about ourselves, not only because I would soon be flying as a true pilot, but because we had gained a great deal of confidence in the plane in the past ten months. Bumbling across the mountains 3,500 feet below us, I could only see the about 8 miles across the ground. I was, finally, after many humbling months of training and study, ahead of the plane. I was beginning to feel a bit sorry for my CFI in the right seat. There he was, with nothing to do except watch me and monitor two different radios. This wasn't really good practice for him at all. He'd been doing it for years. It had been difficult for me to relinquish control of the radios, as during my this part of my flying career, I could handle it on my own. But it was part of the division of duties on this flight and I had adjusted to it. I still insisted on talking on the radio while we were on the ground, however. My CFI was so good at many things, but he couldn't match my expertise at sounding awkward on the radios, a skill that had been roughly sharpened with years of listening to LiveATC.com where the slightest radio miscue was a daily occurrence. He understood that and allowed me that luxury. Just to get a sense of what my CFI had to contend with, I pulled the radio toggle switches and monitored the frequencies along with him. The predominant radio chatter was from Denver Center, not far below us, controlling daily traffic in our sector. While they had us on their scope (for a good while, I might add), we were in uncontrolled airspace and normally would not talk to them unless we needed to ascend into their airspace. We listened as the shaky voice of a lone SR-71 pilot asked Center for a readout of his ground speed. Center replied:"Aspen 20, I show you at one thousand eight hundred and forty-two knots, across the ground." Now the thing to understand about Center controllers, was that whether they were talking to a rookie pilot in a Cessna, or to Air Force One, they always spoke in the exact same, calm, deep, professional, tone that made one feel important. I referred to it as the " Houston Center voice." I have always felt that after years of seeing documentaries on this country's space program and listening to the calm and distinct voice of the Houston controllers, that all other controllers since then wanted to sound like that, and that they basically did. And it didn't matter what sector of the country we would be flying in, it always seemed like the same guy was talking. Over the years that tone of voice had become somewhat of a comforting sound to pilots everywhere. Conversely, over the years, pilots always wanted to ensure that, when transmitting, they sounded like Chuck Yeager, or at least like John Wayne. Better to die than sound bad on the radios. Just moments after the SR-71's inquiry, an F-18 piped up on frequency, in a rather superior tone, asking for his ground speed. "Dusty 52, Center, we have you at 620 on the ground." Boy, I thought, the F-18 really must think he is dazzling his SR-71 brethren. Then out of the blue, a Twin Beech pilot out of an airport outside of Denver came up on frequency. You knew right away it was a Twin Beech driver because he sounded very cool on the radios. "Center, Beechcraft 173-Delta-Charlie ground speed check". Before Center could reply, I'm thinking to myself, hey, that Beech probably has a ground speed indicator in that multi-thousand-dollar cockpit, so why is he asking Center for a readout? Then I got it, ol' Delta-Charlie here is making sure that every military jock from Mount Whitney to the Mojave knows what true speed is. He's the slowest dude in the valley today, and he just wants everyone to know how much fun he is having in his new bug-smasher. And the reply, always with that same, calm, voice, with more distinct alliteration than emotion: "173-Delta-Charlie, Center, we have you at 90 knots on the ground." And I thought to myself, is this a ripe situation, or what? As my hand instinctively reached for the mic button, I had to remind myself that my CFI was in control of the radios. Still, I thought, it must be done - in mere minutes we'll be out of the sector and the opportunity will be lost. That Beechcraft must die, and die now. I thought about all of my training and how important it was that we developed well as a crew and knew that to jump in on the radios now would destroy the integrity of all that we had worked toward becoming. I was torn. Somewhere, half a mile above Colorado, there was a pilot screaming inside his head. Then, I heard it. The click of the mic button from the right seat. That was the very moment that I knew my CFI and I had become a lifelong friends. Very professionally, and with no emotion, my CFI spoke: "Denver Center, Cessna 56-November-Sierra, can you give us a ground speed check?" There was no hesitation, and the replay came as if was an everyday request. "Cessna 56-November-Sierra, I show you at 76 knots, across the ground." I think it was the six knots that I liked the best, so accurate and proud was Center to deliver that information without hesitation, and you just knew he was smiling. But the precise point at which I knew that my CFI and I were going to be really good friends for a long time was when he keyed the mic once again to say, in his most CFI-like voice: "Ah, Center, much thanks, we're showing closer to 72 on the money." For a moment my CFI was a god. And we finally heard a little crack in the armor of the Houston Center voice, when Denver came back with, "Roger that November-Sierra, your E6B is probably more accurate than our state-of-the-art radar. You boys have a good one." It all had lasted for just moments, but in that short, memorable stroll across the west, the Navy had been owned, all mortal airplanes on freq were forced to bow before the King of Slow, and more importantly, my CFI and I had crossed the threshold of being BFFs. A fine day's work. We never heard another transmission on that frequency all the way to our home airport. For just one day, it truly was fun being the slowest guys out there.
It sounds as if you may not grasp how cheap they're hoping to make launching it. Their target is that with full reuse and low costs between flights, it should be cheaper to fly than a rocket like Rocketlab's Electron costs for them to fly. Full stop. As in, they could optionally make a profit even when flying a Jason-3 class payload (originally meant for Falcon 1, later launched on Falcon 9). Will they launch empty just to do that? Probably not, but with such low overhead, pretty much ANYTHING is gravy once they have a single cube-sat class revenue passenger. Just from numbers perspective. The margins are hoped to be low enough that even if the second stage of F9 was reusable, the refurbishment costs of the first stage would still make a 100% reused Falcon 9 more expensive to operate.
Toilets flush backwards when you cross the equator. Fact: the coriolis effect isn’t that strong, it works on larger systems but not small ones without a lot of tin3x. The shape of the drain has orders of magnitudes more effect on which way the sink drains or the toilet flushes. Simpsons got it wrong.
Berkut 540 can do about 250kts. Don’t know how many are flying or on the market, but the Berkuts May be an option to consider. The 360 cruises around 200-210 I think and that’s with an O-360 so pretty miserly in gas compared to some planes.
Well shoot, I guess it is visible, I didn't look closely enough. Thank you for the correction.
&gt; You hurt your knee because you're obese. Tell us more of your magical ability to diagnose such things over the internet.
Goddamn right, 'sike' reads like something a teenager would think it is. ...which is ok, we were all annoying teenagers at one point. Something some of us need to remember as our kids grow into annoying teenagers...
&gt; (the launch mount they're building currently will not be able to support a full stack), What gives you this idea? The one they’re building there is the same design as the one in their render for the full stack.
Hopefully it’s far away enough from the legacy Falcon pad that mishaps won’t be insurmountable. They’re putting the SS/SH launchpad in 200 meters from what they use now.
A noteworthy achievement for him that's worthy of recognition.
Also that same spot they’re shooting at has a defective space toaster or something that makes it a vulnerable point and Picard knows about the vulnerability because he’s still subscribed to recall notices or what passes for the Borg IT ticket system or something. It’s definitely more than ‘everyone stop spraying your fire all over the face of the cube and concentrate *somewhere* for once”.
Are you kidding? This is literally the first time an orbital capsule has ever even been IFA tested on the same rocket used to launch it for real. All of the others tested using solid rockets that could not be more different, this ‘did they do chilldown or not’ seems like an unbelievably unnecessary test metric when you compare this against every single other orbital capsule’s inflight abort test. This phenomena has to be one of the weirdest out-of-nowhere fetishes to crop up for Dragon IFA in comments like this.
Thank you for the suggestion, but like many people here, I had the privilege of being a NASA subcontractor and even in my very non-sexy role, high got plenty of exposure to both of those approaches. On the subject of moving goal posts… I’m not sure exactly what’s going on here, because The thing you wrote that I was disagreeing with was this: &gt;My point was that **testing without the fuel brings in more questions then it answers and the general mantra is “test as you fly”. So you want to replicate conditions as close as possible. **Using the same rocket is not needed nor relevant as they will not use the exact same rocket for every launch going forward. You are testing systems and procedures, not that specific article. The reason I’m confused is because it seems kind of like you have flip-flopped a little here. The way they are testing for the in-flight abort much much much more closely matches actual conditions then the traditional methods, already. Boeing used a completely model-based approach that you seem fine with, but when the dragon abort test is performed with an actual falcon rocket and is actually physically performed, why is there this implication of your messages above that not using 100% flight hardware and propellants on this actual physical test would somehow be lesser than the completely simulation-based approach Boeing is taking?￼￼￼￼￼. Or am I misunderstanding what you’re saying and despite your comments above, you are not in fact being critical of these tiny differences? If I understand correctly and you are being critical of those tiny differences, can you explain why you feel a completely non-physical approach like what Boeing is doing is superior? ￼￼ Full disclosure: I was a NASA and later Boeing subcontractor, and the experiences￼ were tremendously rewarding and I had the privilege of working with some pretty incredible people. I am absolutely not “hating“ on these folks, but I AM trying to identify what seems to be a strange double standard in the community here when it comes to how these different organizations are thought of.￼￼
Location of the printer vs. outlet governs why I use WiFi over ethernet for some fixed installations in my house.
They always have a tiny video “mishap“ at the moment of deployment. Every time. It’s gotten to the point where folks make jokes about it. Why? Well, the specific deployment method with the torque rods is part of their special sauce so maybe they are keeping a little bit of mystery to help protect their investment as long as possible?￼ ;tldr it’s a feature, not a bug, they appear to be deliberately hiding that part of each deployment￼ Edit: https://twitter.com/gleesonjm/status/1214408488413270018?s=21
The single black test sat is this mission.
You remember wrongly, the darker/lower albedo satellite is being tested this mission.
Why does Falcon 9 say 2013-Present instead of 2010-Present?
You think SpaceX is charging itself retail for the launches? C’mon, get real. You’re extrapolating minimal data into assumptions and presenting it as Known Fact when it’s no such thing, that’s irresponsible at best. Your reddiquette is pretty bad too, btw.
/u/cyberdork: &gt; Get Musk's dick out of your mouth, dude. The casual homophobia from the weirdly antagonistic Musk hater ￼￼folks is disappointing. Pairing it with dishonesty is doubly regrettable.￼￼
Terminology question: I thought thermal runaway described the catastrophic overheating and possibly melting of an extruder that can happen if a MOSFET fails closed and that 'heat creep' was when inadequate heat management in the block caused print failures as the heat 'crept' up the filament until it affected the extruder's ability to push it. Are you saying the former has happened to you or the latter? And am I perhaps mistaken re: the terms?
&gt; The Apollo Moon landings, considered to be one of humanity’s best achievements, were possible in major part thanks to the existence of the behemoth rocket Saturn V. **Since then, no such super heavy-lift rocket has existed.** (A single Energia shaped tear rolls down cheek of space enthusiast) It’s interesting that they used the SLS Block 2 figures for payload considering that it’s 1. Not currently funded and 2. Years out and this is an article about 2020. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Followup note related to that: if it's the version being portrayed, then the Atlas 5 N22 configuration didn't fly until 2019 either.
The phased antenna designs I've seen have all been a flat plane, is it possible to increase the scan angle without increasing the density of the sub-arrays prohibitively by building it on a hemisphere or curved surface?
Let’s say 10 launch, then. How much do you think the actual cost per launch will be?
&gt; Do you also really think only 10 SLSes will launch? NASA's current contract negotiations with Boeing suggest a minimum procurement of 13 SLS vehicles (10 plus the 3 already procured). I suspect fewer than 5 will launch, in all honesty, but to your point can you show what you mean that could indicate 'a minimun of' 13 SLS vehicles? &gt; And you do realize that's not how accounting works, right? You don't somehow get your development money back if you cancel SLS right now. I literally never suggested we would get that money back, that is a statement you have made and I would ask that you not try to attribute that to me. I'm talking about accounting for the actual cost to the taxpayer of each launch. &gt; If you buy an expensive car (upfront, in cash), how do you calculate the cost of driving it to the store? The useful metric is simply the marginal cost of driving the car to the store, because the car's costs are sunk and cannot be recovered (for the sake of analogy, you cannot sell this "car"). This is a terribly dishonest way to... everything. You absolutely consider the money you already spent, I would hope you know this. I own an airplane and when considering my expenses, I absolutely keep a record of how much I purchased it for when figuring out what my ongoing costs are. I also track the value of the plane. I do this with my cars as anyone who's taken even basic home economics should be doing. I assume you track your net worth and debt, right? Or does your financial planning involve a giant 'MISC' category where money disappears each year? &gt; Now, if you were choosing which car to buy, it would be useful to determine which car cost more up-front. But we've long since passed the point where we "bought the car" with the SLS. Yes, I know. I was challenging the idea that SLS costs 'much less than people think' when I believe everyone in aerospace knows that the opposite is quite true. You'll find folks who cite a $500 million flyaway cost as if it's The Cost Of An SLS especially when they're arguing against commercial rockets that didn't have tens of billions of tax dollars spent on them. I used to support the Shuttle as one of tens of thousands of subcontractors that kept 'em flying, I loved that fleet and grew up with them and worked with some amazing people but I wouldn't try to convince someone that the launch of a shuttle cost fuel, SRB refurb, and ET construction plus a couple weeks of VAB and pad time because that's not how much it cost.
I have my own doubts about whether that will come to be, but best case scenario here (with two cores a year) still puts the cost at between $3-4 billion apiece with $2 billion annual fixed costs and hand saving away the $500+ flyaway cost AND assuming they’re all ICPS and EUS stays dead but you know that’s not a guarantee either. If you disagree with these numbers, feel free to share specifics if you think they’ll be persuasive.
Haven't they said they're not using flown Crew Dragons for cargo? Didn't they say very clearly that they're making new cargo-only Dragon 2s?
A note: they didn’t win the X-Prize. Scaled Composites did, backed by Paul Allen. Virgin and Scaled Composites later formed The Spaceship Company which was fully bought out by Virgin a few years later.
Thanks! I knew I'd seen it, just couldn't remember where.
He’ll do his roll under the closing emergency bulkhead wearing his colorful engineering tunic but it’s just a little too slow because of the arthritis and he gets squashed. Don’t take *my* word for it, take a look. It’s in a book, it’s a bleeding rainbow.
I don’t understand how any of those complications would occur if there was a traveling windbreak like I described that sat over the weld. The basic function of it would prevent the weld from happening in anything other than full submersion, is it possible you and I are talking about two different things?￼￼
At that altitude, I suspect the loads on the surface and frame would be much lower than anything that’d happen during atmospheric flight/landing, no?
Rocketlaunch.live has a calendar you can subscribe to that puts all orbital launches into your calendar so you can get notifications that way.
&gt; I agree apple is in the wrong here With whom do you think you are agreeing? &gt; Just a bunch of toy garbage for tech illiterates. I don’t know how to break it to you, but it seems plausible that you are the tech illiterate here if you think this is about the phones being locked down to App Store apps vs. encryption.
Like a dentist giving out lollipops!
It’s in BC, both structures have been seen through an open door in the last couple days.
Totally, it's just that in this situation, that's not what's being described. The poster is literally having sex with their own partner.
Indeed, the new launch structure going up at HLC-39A looks pretty interesting, looking forward to see it in use. ;)
So far, we’ve detected over 21 million cubic kilometers of water on Mars in ice form, enough to cover the planet with an ocean 35 meters deep. Mars has plenty of water. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Water_on_Mars
&gt; ~~ULA~~ Boeing Boeing is being paid roughly $2 billion more than SpaceX for the same exact number of flights. Just something to think about.
That is not true, the version one of the Dragon is tremendously different from the Dragon two. It would also be a pretty dishonest argument for Boeing to use because they regularly crow about their legacy of flight experience in designing other spacecraft so… You can’t really have it both ways.￼
That’s tremendously dishonest, this test was agreed on years ago. Be a better person.￼
So you’re a conservative pro-Brexit dude who posts a bunch of right-wing talking points and you don’t see anything racist in the news coverage or treatment of her? I’m not sure how to break it to you, but you’re not exactly a reliable witness here...
Yes, that's the most recent place where I ran into that exact sentiment and it's common across the web. It's dishonest to insist that "no one is saying that".
&gt; It is dishonest to insist that People of Facebook have opinions that matter. If Facebook was the only place folks were saying this, that would still be a dumb take because the claim you made was that 'no one' was saying that. But hey, it's not just Facebook, that was just the most recent place where I had encountered it in a space group. If you google starlink "end of astronomy" or "end of ground based astronomy" you get a bunch of articles with that phrase that cite folks making that claim. Please be more honest, you're showing your true colors here and they don't look great.
....and those results include articles in astronomy magazines. C'mon, this is a pretty classless way to respond to a correction.
&gt; This unlock thing is a ruse. Apple already shared iCloud data with the FBI You may not be aware, but you're describing two very different things. Content in iCloud is not the same as what's locally stored on an iPhone and while some things may be backed up to the iCloud, for most folks it's a shadow of what's on the phone itself.
Reading this thread was a mistake.
“That’s not how guns work!” - Most fans yelling at television while watching episode
In regards to point 2, I think WDRs are usually considered fairly low-risk to schedule so the expectation that they'll uncover problems beyond those surrounding the act of launching itself is low too. Like... at my wedding rehearsal, we were basically validating that we all knew our places and had an idea about the timing of different things as opposed to trying to figure out any deep-seated emotional issues or incompatibilities that might doom the entire marriage. :P
I voted for her in the election but I was also pretty disappointed by how many of her supporters arrogantly told me and a bunch of other Sanders primary voters that 'they didn't even NEED our vote' and suggested we all just fuck off. Like... what a weird tactic to take. If you didn't have this in your area, then that's excellent. Here in Oregon, there were lots of very vocal Clinton supporters who seemed so confident in the outcome that they actively attacked people who'd expressed a preference for Sanders in the primaries and told them stuff like the above and I still wonder whether those folks had a measurable effect nationwide (assuming it wasn't a regional thing).
&gt; Through tomographic imaging, we were even able to model his final phrase. The translation isn’t available, but it was apparently something that sounded like: &gt; “Jaffa, Kree!” That’s neat, wonder what it means?
Building the infrastructure to build machines takes most of the time with most big projects. Oversimplified: You spend 15 years building your Death Star assembly lines, then 5 years cranking out giant Death Star girders and prefab habitation modules and reactors and everything else. Things are towed to the Maw or wherever you need them and assembled and then one day some religious extremist blows up your base.... ...but the assembly lines still exist. So you tell everybody to get back to work. 5 years laters....
I'm not sure I can understand the benefit of bringing all that stuff to the surface of the moon instead of doing what you describe in orbit. The amount of fuel required to land all that mass is just tremendous. It takes soooo much fuel to bring something from LEO to the surface of the moon, what problem is being solved?
&gt; He is gay indeed, but likes to play with women too. Someone should come up with a word for this.
What a great idea! Thank you for sharing, this is fantastic.
You may be legally right, but have you heard the phrase 'dead right'?
Well… He’s launched several of these expandeable structures to Space. That certainly more than NASA did before he got the patents.￼￼ We may be unsatisfied with the pace of his progress, but he has certainly done more than just sit on the technology.￼
Physical switches fail more often according to decades of studies in aviation.￼
Expensive parachutes big enough to allow it to land softly enough that it wouldn't get damaged would weigh a LOT more than the amount of cheap fuel used and wouldn't allow them to land precisely enough. Plus, all the rocket hardware needed for propulsive landing is already there because it was used for the launch so there's a systems simplicity advantage too. If you get a chance, check out a Falcon 9 in person. They are much larger than folks might assume from looking at them. That landing booster is slightly taller than the Statue of Liberty, for instance, and the landings must be very precise to avoid bending metal.
&gt; I think this idea stems from speculation on this subreddit. This is a big problem with this subreddit, the 'elevation' of community theories to community 'fact'. A couple other examples: the community belief that LOX was 'simply dumped overboard' if there was a scrub, or the whole dumb 'propulsive landing was cancelled because NASA didn't want legs going through the heatshield' community theory. There's still people who believe that. This is 100% the same kind of thing, thank you for mentioning it.
Guys, I’m kinda starting to think that he might not be the genius that his most gullible followers keep saying he is...
Well, first I was gonna pop this guy hanging from the street light, and I realized, y'know, he's just working out. I mean, how would I feel if somebody come runnin' in the gym and bust me in my ass while I'm on the treadmill? Then I saw this snarling beast guy, and I noticed he had a tissue in his hand, and I'm realizing, y'know, he's not snarling, he's sneezing. Y'know, ain't no real threat there. . Then I saw little Tiffany. I'm thinking, y'know, eight-year-old white girl, middle of the ghetto, bunch of monsters, this time of night with quantum physics books? **She about to start some shit, Zed**. She's about eight years old, those books are WAY too advanced for her. If you ask me, I'd say she's up to something. And to be honest, I'd appreciate it if you eased up off my back about it.
Did you know Blue Origin is older than SpaceX?
&gt; deep kissing a bag of gummi worms. https://imgur.com/gallery/xFrQA
Every state I've checked has no law against passing on the right lane on the highway, I wonder if it's possible 'it's illegal to pass in the right lane n the US' is an urban legend.
It did.
What are you taking about re: ‘ProFAc?’ If you’re trying to stop lingo to flex by referring to orbital depots, then 1. wrong audience and 2. where do you think that propellant comes from?
Oh geez, just saw that you’re also downvoting every comment I make, that’s some petty poor netiquette. I’ll stop wasting time on you if you’re going to be a bore: your idea is impractical for several reasons and offers no benefits that outweigh the additional costs. Good bye.
The safe word is “November 3rd”.
Maybe he does a good job w/ paperwork. Expense reports, filling out forms, getting all his continuing education credits taken care of on time and doing the annual sexual harassment training by the deadline without his manager needing to become involved... organizations value folks who don't make extra work for them, maybe overlooking a little psychiatric distress is considered a reasonable exchange for someone who just does the things without complaining where it matters: in the paperwork department.
It's not always about 'better simulation software', sometimes it's about effective tools for building understanding. Effective doesn't need to mean 'n-body simulation' or '1:1 hardware parity' for a teaching tool, it can also be 'engaging enough that people want to continue playing it instead of just doing the bare minimum to complete an exercise'. Suggesting they should use 'better simulation software' seems shortsighted or out of touch with the realities of the human in the loop.
This is such a weird line of comments, I can't quite figure out what you're suggesting. Do you think a rocket company could just magic up a better game on-demand, to just casually do what thousands of game companies dream about every day? Making a better game that catches people's interest and gets them hooked is like the basis of an entire industry. Also, why? Why would they spent the tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars (or more) in salaries to have folks develop a new program when something that's a good, engaging, and popular game already exists that also has a rich availability of teaching resources from which to draw? This is just such a fucking weird thing to be pushing.
You kidding? If anything, they could tweet a link to the page with "@Boeing Space is hard, best of luck on OFT-2! Come on up when ready, we'll be sure to leave a docking light on for you."
&gt; The cop got a stern talking to "You check for cameras first, next time!"
Fuck off with your Sea Lion troll bullshit, the studies you describe sound as credible as the president.
Sure, but you might not want to wear it all the time. Life is about risk assessment and compromise otherwise you end up being like that guy who obsessively built a series of bear suits to wear because he was worried he’d get attacked by a bear. Might be interesting to wear while tracking a pack of bears, but probably wouldn’t be practical to wear while grocery shopping.
BLM is protesting state sanctioned, extra-judicial murder of people based on the color of their skin. The other folks are protesting being asked to think a little about other people and take actions to reduce the spread of a disease like wearing masks, staying 6' away from others, etc and generally don't think the pandemic is a big deal (or even real, they love calling it a hoax). Fuck off with this 'common ground' bullshit.
&gt; canards I'm hoping the community doesn't try to adopt this naming for them, at the risk of sounding pedantic they're not canards because those are lifting surfaces while these are braking surfaces that don't generate lift. 'Brakerons' would be a closer term because by Musk's description, they'll be used to control both pitch and roll through dynamic braking. I only bring it up because even though it LOOKS like a canard, it definitely isn't. Think of it like... seeing someone call the Saturn V 'Space shuttle' or the side cores on a Falcon Heavy 'SRBs'.
Go on the Eugene Foodies group and ask what folks think of paying folks more per hour in exchange for getting rid of tipping and the waitstaff usually get furious. It's anecdotal, but so far every tipping post I've seen on the subject has turned into a hatefest against the person suggesting higher wages in place of tipping.
Ah, that's the shroud or boost protective cover (as it's called on Apollo), not the heat shield. With both Apollo and Soyuz it helped protect them from the blast of the abort tower on top if there was an abort. It also helps protect the non-aerodynamic shape of the Soyuz from the travel through the thicker parts of the atmosphere where it'd be subjected to lots of aerodynamic loads and also did the same for Apollo. Having some heft in a shield that's discarded during launch helps reduce mass for the vehicle that makes it to space. Dragon has the abort rockets built into the base and is just built to be able to withstand the heating and aerodynamic loads of launch through the atmosphere so it doesn't require it. Just different design philosophies and different placement of abort rockets combined. Boeing's Starliner is the same.
A few tons of propellant must be expended each year to keep it up. There’s enough atmosphere in the orbit where it lives that it would uncontrollably reenter within a couple years if there was no further reboosting so it must either be expensively boosted to a higher orbit that takes longer to decay or disposed of in a controlled manner so it doesn’t pose a risk to people on the ground.
I’ve already found some articles, thanks! I am enchanted by this, it’s brought me joy this evening.
&gt; Also, you cut the following line, which is also part of the joke. With respect, I’d argue that the better delivery is exactly how OP presented it. Adding ‘since when’ is like... making it easier to recognize as a joke for folks who aren’t paying attention but not actually funnier. Does adding a /s tag to a sarcastic comment make it better? Or is it training wheels? Does saying ‘just joking’ after a joke make it funnier or is it a lazy crutch? When the Chinese ambassador says (re: Stargate being revealed) thT the Chinese don’t keep secrets from their people, would it be funnier if everyone said “haha but you do”? Sometimes the unspoken is better humor. The show had ‘Since when, sir?” but I personally enjoy it better when it’s smartly presented like this. Just preference, of course.
/r/TheyDidTheMonsterMath
Your comment is incredibly boring, I can understand your failure to thrive on this site if this is the level of contribution we can expect from you. Do better.
Your comment is a self-referential recursive function
You disappoint people who are close to you.
[*Curb your Enthusiasm* music starts]
This is one of the saddest attempts at 'relevance by association' I've ever seen.
&gt; iterations of it are still being used today on the Atlas and Delta rockets. Indeed, and more to come. RL-10 is one of the longest-flying engines around and is still being chosen for new rockets. It is used in the ICPS upper stage for the SLS rocket (the ICPS is an extended Delta Cryogenic Second Stage so you could fit this into the Delta lineage as you said) and has also been chosen for the upcoming oMeGa rocket that Northrop Grumman is hoping to get contracts for soon. RL-10 is one of the grand-daddies and still an incredibly efficient engine too. Expensive, but the industry has indicated it's willing to pay for what they get. The BE-3U may be competition to it in the future, the final efficiency isn't known and it may not match RL-10, but it's got a few multiples of the same thrust which can translate into fewer gravity losses depending on a launch and recover performance from there. Add in the possibility of it being substantially cheaper (just because RL-10 is such a premium-priced engine) and the future of hydrolox upper stages looks interesting indeed.
&gt; Vomit Comet only provides 20-30 seconds of micro-g. NS would provide 5+ minutes, VG probably similar. A typical Vomit Comet flight has several dozens of 30+ second zero-g sessions, though, with a total of two or three times as much zero-g as a single flight on VG or blue.
/r/lostredditors
Perhaps in additively built rockets it works out because the whole part is the weld. :)
Or "Never mind, figured it out"
I highly recommend this Erik Wernquist short film *Wanderers* which uses another Carl Sagan speech: https://youtu.be/YH3c1QZzRK4
You're moving your goalposts pretty quickly, what's next? You screwed up. Just move on. Please don't make up numbers like you did and state them as fact, you're making the world a little worse with disinformation when you do.
Of course they're real flames, it's Portland.
