Damn everyone is meeting their soul mate online while i'm here all alone.
Fucked up world we live in.
Blessed be the fruit! May the lord open.
They cut out her tongue and she hated them but it was shocking.
The scissoring was the highlight. It looks uncomfortable.
That bitch let jack die.
Hope he never leaves but it is inevitable.
Ok you guys take the cake.
I mean at the broncos.
Holy crap that is crazy!
Martyrs.
I would love to watch him tear everyone apart again.
Hope he is alright.
Deep throat game strong!
He has quite the highlights reel.
Classic nole!
Damn you wild girl.
Was the mother ugly?
He looks like a little kid.
Yeah i thought that was better.
20th century women was different.
That scum deserved to die.
Damn she sounds like a train wreck. Sorry that you went through that.
Religious freaks.
Brisbane
Sad reacts only. I hope to find someone like that.
Will he be sacked? This is his second offense. They are both serious offenses too. Not pissing in your mouth.
Stone cold stunner.
I didn't see any warning.
I knew they weren't going to do it but it was so fucked up.
Yeah probably the saddest death in the show. She was so young.
They have a little thing called the holocaust.
People buy clothes?
He is the mann but it is a big gamble.
I am interested to see how he goes in the hooker role.
Scum.
I always liked lohan and mcadams. Don't mind chabert though.
It was a little suss how he could return after the peptides scandal.
Jessica biel needs a bigger role in the sequel.
He is quite the Juggernaut.
White line fever!
They will buy another plodder.
Yeah farrah sabotaged the tigers for years.
Sticky is on the firing line for sure. Yeah arthur is close to getting the sack.
My spidey senses are tingling.
Dick move considering he has a pregnant partner. Also the rape.
Yeah murder that prick.
Yeah i thought maranta's career was over.
Are there alternatives to peking duck pancakes? I'm looking to make it.
I know it is crazy but i believe the abduction stories.
Can't wait to see mal work his magic at the titans.
He has a damn good agent. Moses too.
Finally much needed rain. At least it is a little cooler. Been so hot in brisbane. Went to the cabaret club. It was pretty depressing. Why do most of the strippers have ugly ass tattoos? They are pretty hot though. Maybe it is not my scene.
Wow one of his biggest wins ever. Beating nadal in straight sets is no easy feat.
A lot of impants and lip fillers too.
Do they still have the secret herbs and spices or a different blend?
That is a huge ass dog.
You can get married in a library?
Don't forget barba.
Much success.
Damn these guys can't keep their dicks in their pants.
Damn he is still screwing the tigers.
You look like [Sanaa](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sanaa_Lathan) Absolute stunner!
Must be your cousin.
She takes a lot of money shots.
Trailer trash pedo.
The dogs have been terrible with their cap management though. Overpaying many players.
He is on his last chance. What a waste of potential.
At least he will bring his own chairs.
Haha i was expecting a calendar.
Gal might enjoy the hopoate special.
Hilarious.
Yeah it was weird then too.
Damn he has been in some stinkers. At least he will always have die hard.
That is pretty good considering the last few years.
I don't trust this dinosaur.
Beggars can't be choosers. What is the worst that can happen?
Yeah it is stupid.
Damn paige spinarac has some competition.
She looks hot. Hope she is alright.
There are more hanks out there.
Was that safin's brother?
How do you feel about losing johnson?
It taste like crap. Don't know how people can eat that.
I guess people deserve a second half. In his case at least. He got screwed by the system.
Hope kyrgios takes on verdasco in the australian open.
Maria bello is american i think but it was bad.
He did nothing wrong.
Somehow o'neill and tmm will make the starting 13.
Hope they break up for everyone's sake.
She was lovable in st trinians and kicked ass in sarah connor chronicles.
Didn't he marry a 16 year old girl? I feel bad for her. Her mother is nuts. He is beyond creepy.
Ouch.
Haha it is alright. It was a while ago.
That is a stacked cast.
That is one hot assistant.
The cowboys were unlucky with that disallowed try. I am pretty sure i saw a few punches thrown. The cowboys are just holding on. The titans have been good but they can't throw the knock out punch.
Some feldty magic. They were all buggered by the end of the match. Scrappy match with some amazing defense. Can't believe taylor and roberts missed those conversions. Poor kahu. Looks like he injured his shoulder again. Wallace killed him with that tackle. It looked high to me.
Dylan walker, curtis scott, feki and probably someone from the panthers.
Only if they play at the ball.
He took his face off.
Creepy pedo vibes.
Yep he can't control his bladder around teens.
I could see her as a serial killer. I would watch that movie.
Baptiste has a habit of going in late.
He has been down on form this year but i remember when he was a beast for the kiwis and he ran hard.
It reminded me of former aussie prime minister tony abbott. He took a bite of a raw onion while out and about. He was a disaster.
Yeah i posted about it months ago.
That is up for debate.
Fingers crossed.
Deborah ann woll vibes.
Who knew a show about death would be so funny and sad?
Shifty sheens is back on the market.
As much as i want kei to win, he has no chance. Thiem, nole and fed should win.
He looked really good before his injuries. At least he will come back when you guys are making a run to the finals.
Fed has never come close to beating nadal at the french open. It will be interesting how he will mix it up.
Wow stay strong.
Damn he was hyped up so much and lost his spot to cogger.
This has been an intense game. We blew a few chances. Dammit napa and chambers.
That is a weird ass photo shoot.
Cocaine is a hell of a drug.
Right out of the maloney playbook. Did he find his boot again?
Nice knowing you rosie van.
No homo.
Yeah i would netflix and chill with her.
Thought he had a groin injury?
I've seen nole do it a few times.
Big loss for the knights.
What happened to him?
The raiders are all over the tigers. Don't see the tigers coming back from here. Farrah is still jetlagged and they look flat out there. They have to step it up if they want to have any chance of coming back.
Slip of the tongue.
I'm coming over for christmas.
This is such a mess.
Yeah maybe he needs a change of scenery.
Qlder!
It would have been funny if he lost.
This takes the cake.
Even a potato sack can't fix that.
Off brand danielle harris.
Yeah nbn is really shitty.
It is that time of the month again.
People are stupid. I like her voice and she is pretty cute.
Yep wizz fizz is the shit.
More like prolapse.
He is a freak of nature.
Thought she would be all inked up.
At least it is not a sex tape.
He likes to take the mackie out of his roles.
He used to share boys with kevin spacey. Bunch of pedos.
Yeah his childhood was insane. He started smoking and drinking at 10 then got into hard drugs at 12.
Tough as they come and seems like a top bloke.
The chinese are spying.
Cool never heard of it.
Federer.
I can't find that one.
I don't know if he can win it all again. He won two grand slams and a few tournaments in the second half of last year. That is a lot of points to defend.
Sadly the sequel was crap.
Looks like a marvel movie.
Jack black killed it. Still can't believe he is locked up for life.
We have a refurbished macca for you to consider.
I would be more pissed of the marsters knock on that led to a try in the first half.
Damn that is unlucky. He was one of the best in the first game.
Greeny has every right to be angry.
That makes up for all the blunders.
Haha. She had a firm grip on that bong.
Barely penetrated fleshlight. Good as new.
Damn what a beauty.
Haven't heard that one.
Freddy is so cooked.
For sure but harvey was pushing her hard.
He is as high as a kite.
You tried your best. Don't get hung up on it.
Yeah that would be scary.
That is heartbreaking. Hope they all got locked up for life.
I knew rainman was based off a real guy but didn't know it was him.
King of the flops!
She looks like emilia clarke.
He can't catch a break. So many deaths in his family and his brother going to court.
I actually like paire. He is an interesting player. Tsonga too. Good to see them having fun out there.
Never heard of the other guy.
Hard candy was intense.
I don't mind him but he has been in a lot of stinkers like sam worthington.
I will put my old gift cards to good use.
It was pretty interesting.
Never even heard of it.
What does a spleen even do?
I wouldn't mind to have her powers. It was pretty cool.
I would want a photo. I don't like selfies.
True.
He was a loose cunt. Another one who could have been a massive superstar. What is with athletes and getting naked?
Love that cunt.
Bevy of beauties and serena williams.
Wow felix is a giant. Surprised he didn't keep the racquet.
She looks like an alien but she is still hot.
Thought it was a dress.
There is a garlic themed restaurant?
That is a shortcut for weight gain.
Yeah don't know why i got downvoted. I meant it as a compliment because she was so fast.
Too busy counting his millions. Where is the kokk?
Only idiots would contribute to that.
Yep she fits those jeans damn well.
They had sex.
Hirsch is a piece of shit but he is a damn good actor.
The writing was on the wall.
Baz is that you?
That was a good movie too.
That is what counts. Looking her up right now.
She is a lesbo?
Haha the comment about kyrgios banging her.
I wish.
Woah slow down there mate.
Yeah we are big underdogs coming into the third game.
I assume it is in russian?
Sister wives?
Little tree friends.
That is a lot of vomit.
That is pretty cool in a gross way.
That is how you get aids.
They had a fun night.
Cool hair!
Date rapist!
9/10 on the butt ugly scale.
She is cute, nerdy and sexy.
I always enjoyed her movies. I was crushing hard.
He nearly became a teacher before he got a job in a soap opera. The rest is history. Castle is one of my fave shows.
Yeah i watched it after you're next and i was blown away. He was rumoured to be the next bond years ago.
Yeah quite a surprise.
Donnie darko 2 explains it.
Wasn't she supposed to be the next big thing?
Ichi the killer was not that bad.
Yep and wedding crashers.
We will light some flares in honour of him.
The warriors should ship blair off to the super league.
Surely coates over kennar?
Fed was his kryptonite.
You have big problems if you are praising cartwright.
I thought the ending of season 1 would lead somewhere. I found out later it was an anthology horror show.
Holy mother of god!
He must be drowning in pussy.
She looks better as a brunette.
Yeah i mean for the future.
I've seen 21 grams only. Have to check out the others. Thanks.
Yeah not worth it.
She smells rotten to the core.
Haha jahrome hughes with the porno stache.
Ponga keeps getting better.
Can't believe roddick lost that one. Fed out-served him in the end.
He looks like one of those guys that stuffs their girlfriend's body in a suitcase.
Damn lea turning back the clock. Good to see fox looking good.
Yeah we are pretty screwed.
Hope that person can do the job.
He had to pay for his divorce.
Nah they are nearly identical.
Kurt russell and jeff bridges.
He is a solid actor.
Let's hope he can smash lots of aces. Don't know about the demon though. He might hit a few.
He had to stand up the entire time too next to nole.
Makes me sad.
She picked a fight with lana del rey a while ago too.
Yeah that turban was weird.
Parasite and OUATIH. Followed by uncut gems.
Cute little fluffball.
Mr fixit.
Girls are pretty bad judges of heights unless they are tall themselves.
I know we joke about him donating for every double fault but he really should. It would give him motivation.
He is in everything.
We all saw it coming.
All the wild thing movies, eyes wide shut, 8mm2, the girl next door, color of night and caligula.
Guaranteed thousands if she doesn't get injured.
Damn barty against screamapova in the second round. That is crazy. If you have atp cup tickets, you can walk around the whole place?
That explains a lot.
It will be a bomb but i'm still looking forward to it.
Haha i was thinking budget boyd holbrook.
Love is love. Beck is temporary.
There is something going on behind the scenes.
Why would he do such a thing?
The november man and the foreigner were awesome.
It was so cute when she was puking.
She is a cutie and i hope we see more of her.
He had no choice but to put down his son.
Let's see if he can get the knights firing.
I wonder who the bunnies will offer.
Yeah parents shouldn't be coaches.
Hope zverev accepts the challenge. Also 1000 for every racquet smash and fiver setter. Will be rooting for her.
That was unbelievable. Easiest the best shot of the year.
Why is he such a douche?
Sad i didn't get to meet nole and maria sharapova but hopefully next time. The tennis has been really exciting.
She is stealing beauty.
It was because of cocaine.
I know this is a stupid question but did he know about the peptides?
Join the club mate.
Yeah it is fucked up.
His manager is a cunt.
The whole thing was an act?
The first one was so good then this was underwhelming.
Spain have a crazy good team. Most likely spain and russia in the final unless a miracle happens. Would love to see australia and serbia though.
Pretty sure he dabbled in some russian guys.
Didn't the tigers withdraw their offer?
We need someone to leak a sex tape already.
I am not that fit.
I have seen enough horror movies.
I am seriously considering losing my v card there.
He is approaching 40.
I loved his reaction when he found out about love.
Yep mixed with hilary duff.
He had sex slaves and beat up his ex-wife.
She masturbated next to her sister and gave her candy for kisses and other stuff. Pretty disturbing.
She is horrible.
Classic grooming.
It is insane how big australia is.
The show girls was good but she is rotten to the core.
In nole we believe.
He has taken every kind of drug under the sun.
He was dogging you. I think that is the proper term of watching people have sex in public.
American mary, excision, may, the woman, audition, bedevilled, what keeps you alive, ginger snaps, we are what we are, the orphan and scorned.
I am a big nole fan but he is not there just yet.
It is crazy.
He had affairs but he is a nice dude. Nobody is perfect.
The produce looks fresh too.
Like two peas in a pod.
He is the mann for the job.
Mesmerising!
Best of luck to him. He sounds happy.
Don't let your dreams be dreams.
Am i missing something? It looks nice.
Bargain buy. Nathan ross a boxer?
I like lawrence too but got to rep my homegirl margot robbie.
You should watch logan lucky.
Unleashed is underrated too.
They are a lot of fun.
I really liked it and was hoping for a sequel. Emily browning sang songs for the soundtrack too. She is very talented. The whole cast was amazing and it made me sad. I like zack snyder and hope he makes more movies.
I thought he was a fat ted moseby.
I would swap him for boyd in a heartbeat.
Martyrs, american mary, excision, julia, julia x, henry portrait of a serial killer, karla, bundy, inside, haute tension, the woman, alyce kills, may, audition, ichi the killer, gozu, visitor q, dogtooth, the lobster, i saw the devil, the vengeance trilogy, killing of a sacred deer, maniac and trash fire.
Dwayne johnson always looks much older than he really is.
Cuteness overload!
Damn you found a diplomat on tinder?
What is with all these happy couples on tinder? Congrats. Gives me hope.
What nightmares are made of.
Attacking a police officer is a felony right?
True not everyone will like the same movie.
Hard to watch tsonga pull out. Good for popyrin though. Meddy and tiafoe might be another five set classic. Kyrgios should win in straight sets.
Terrible news for the young up and comer.
Those losses hurt the most.
Something crazy always happens when kyrgios plays.
I think you mother could have taken him.
Yep i'll throw in the other warriors too.
The sequel was pretty cool too.
It is brutal.
Martyrs. It haunts your dreams.
You had me at vin diesel.
Jessabelle is an underrated horror movie with her in it.
I will give him a pass because of his fucked up life.
He should have been captain years ago. He kept getting shafted.
Yeah it is crazy. Mid90s was based off jonah hill's childhood. It is disturbing and could be considered sexual assualt.
I thought ground and pound was a common procedure?
Huge win for the wang.
He is a battler and a fighter. It will haunt him for a while.
If the only way is up. She could win a lot.
They were half siblings but still blood.
Rublev v zverev will be a blockbuster.
Damn i thought nando would put up more of a fight. Zverev is on fire.
I think she is better now and hope to see her make a come back.
It was quite fucked up.
You mean rape.
The ocean and the outback. You can really lose yourself out there. The feeling of emptiness and help is ages away, makes it scarier.
Some people get all the luck.
Where there is a will there is a way.
He is unreal.
Imagine if he somehow beats fed. This subreddit will erupt.
Some guys just can't stay out of trouble.
Coronas for all.
She is an interesting player.
Yep absolute stunner.
Yeah hated leo so much. He treated her like shit.
Ombeliebable.
Momi was just getting good. A good swap though.
Yeah jesse does some lovable indie movies.
I am outraged that i never tried it.
The doggies can't catch a break.
You wouldn't want to be sending adult content through college emails.
If you incest.
Did you ever find the video?
It is such an intense movie.
As a nole fan i am nervous but i would be happy for thiem to win his first grand slam. I like him too. Third time lucky hopefully.
That is absolutely insane from fed.
They keep getting away with this.
The riches.
Yeah i wanted to see her grow up. It was just so random.
A lot of big egos there.
She seems like fun.
Go be with your daughter mate.
Ok this is pretty freaky.
Alabama or west virgina?
Intriguing username. Bad arse father!
Is ed wood in black and white?
We are getting slaughtered out there. We will continue to get rolled for the rest of the season unless we change it up. Too ill disciplined and we have been on the back foot since the start of the match. It is getting really embarrassing. It is deja vu. The roosters are way too clinical.
Not looking forward to next week.
As a straight dude, he has charisma and seems to be easy going.
Ok thanks.
I'm only watching it because i already invested so much time in it. I will watch it until it ends.
Damn i thought it was a male name.
Yeah it was her time to shine.
He might as well coach us. He gets along with everyone.
We got nothing to lose so might as well give him a chance.
He did well.
Birdman and a portrait of a lady on fire were boring.
Cool it is a viet restaurant too.
It is so sweet but that human doll is freaky as fuck.
He also did the viet squat.
Great job mate! Very detailed.
He fits the stoner loner type.
The sequels were terrible and shit on his legacy.
Time to cut boyd but looks like he will play every match this year. We are doomed.
You mean semi-erect?
Guess we will be rebuilding again.
50 cent sold glaceau to coca cola for $120 million.
The last movie i saw him in was snowden.
Would date in a heartbeat. 8.
Yeah it is crazy to think about.
Murray was denied a few times.
There needs to be a sequel pronto.
I never understood why they signed him anyways.
Thiem has some wacky shoes.
Going to be hard to make her look like a man.
Didn't know val kilmer had a son.
I didn't really like it when i was a kid but it grew on me and it was pretty cool. I have to re-watch it.
Who is that?
They look unbeatable this year since the restart.
They would probably beat us too.
Tenet is going to clean up.
Absinthe.
It would be an honour to be ripped to shreds by her.
Ray hadley is a cunt.
Isn't he going to the titans next year?
They will lock up the minor premiership and probably the premiership too.
It is so relevant now. The casting couch has been around since the beginning of the film industry. It had so many layers and it was very unsettling.
Yeah it was very sweet. That is real love.
Munich is so good. Eric bana and daniel craig were amazing.
She had no luck.
He carries himself well. It is all confidence.
I just thought it was interesting.
I just watched offspring the other night and i watched the woman years ago. I also saw the sequel darlin last year directed by pollyanna mcintosh who plays the woman.
Talk about a near death experience.
Walters is a good stop gap.
Total psychopath with no emotion.
Might as well throw niu in there for boyd and dearden in for milf.
Do you think seibs has the balls to drop milf and boyd?
The whole dating thing is scary but i must meet new people.
Straight from the dce school of diving. This is a high intensity match. Can't wait for burton to come on.
Solid win by the panthers against the storm. They learnt from their mistakes from last week. Nothing was going to stop a flying kikau. Was expecting burton in the second half but i guess cleary didn't want to break the rhythm. To'o has to be one of the smallest wingers but he runs hard and is tough to tackle.
He was so creepy as jack the ripper.
Lots and lots of bleach.
It is crazy isn't it?
A few of those are from nole and nadal.
That is crazy considering the current situation but i guess they already had a plan.
A pretty good second half from the cowboys but greeny is still a problem. Macguire won't be happy with that second half from the tigers.
Pure anarchy!
Oh no not old man green and blair.
Sounds interesting.
Same difference.
We don't even recognise him. Can't blame him for playing out his monster contract.
He just needs to get his mojo back.
Bitch slap was absolutely terrible but fun. It has the worst cgi.
It looked really bad on sunday. The raiders were lucky to come out there unscathed.
Safe to assume the others have it too?
Drake is that you?
This aged well.
Zverev's face after he serves a double fault.
She isn't? I'm pretty sure i read somewhere that she is.
This is crazy.
He might have a case. We have been the shittest.
Looking back i understand his change in personality and mood. He accepted his fate and wanted to make the most of his time left.
They did her dirty.
He has reached his dew point.
Pretty sure he was fucking around too. Also gambling and the alcoholism.
The abortionist was freaky as hell.
Mostly weird jesus camps.
Carpet muncher!
Gone girl! He was very duplicitous.
He has that aura about him.
Solid win by the panthers. Half blind cleary missed a few conversions but they still won. Reynolds not finding touch was a big turning point. The double sinbinning was the final nail in the coffin.
It would still be a thrashing.
I really hope he can find his form again.
Classic dragons.
They were in the basketball diaries for a bit.
Haven't heard of that one.
Norway sounds like heaven on earth.
They are going to medically retire him soon. No way he finishes his contract.
The warriors reject him.
Solid win by the sharks. Johnson and moylan were strong. Their forwards laid the platform. Manly were still tired from last week.
Stylish couple!
He is involved in everything. He is close to the best now.
Teddy felt the full force of sivo.
We are going backwards.
Yeah he was eating up the metres. I remember he ran for 50m in one game. He was a big loss.
Pretty solid player.
Alligators are ugly compared to the alpha crocs.
That is out of this world.
Haha didn't say it was a bad thing. Embeth davidtz is a babe.
