Looks more like Al Horford lol
Kind of sucked though because it cut short All Nite which he doesn’t play too often during his shows and is an absolute banger
Probably has something to do with the new Star Wars land. They probably went to protest there
He’s 6’3”, handsome like a movie star, athletic as hell and brilliant in the ring. Oh and he’s one of the best mic workers in the game. He’s got megastar written all over him
To be fair this guy also looks like he puts crack on spreadsheets
Imagine if the USO’s could cuss and expand on their penitentiary gimmick? Holy shit
Funny, baby Hitler pooped himself so does adult Charlie Kirk. Conservatives=Baby Nazis confirmed
He is tho
WWE took fight forever chants too seriously
I had a look too. Cut your stupid hair and grow out your beard to hide that pathetic excuse of a jawline while you’re at it
Bulls are the last team for us to be concerned about. They have so many wings that they don’t need to draft anyone we want. But almost every other team wants to go BPA. I’m hoping teams fall in love with Garland and another PG or big
This just makes me want to beat you up more lol
Cursed comment
Larry Drew probably
Schlenk brought in Little and was floored. He thought he was getting rap legend Nasir “NaS” bin Olu Dara Jones. “Who the fuck is this kid?” asked assistant GM Jeff Peterson. “I’m Nas” said Little “And I’m Foxy Brown. The fuck u r” said Schlenk The 19 year old UNC star was visibly taken aback. “So uhh” “Spit out little shit” said Coach Pierce kindly “U want to see me workout” “LMAO no” said VP of basketball operations Rod Higgins
As a neutral fan me neither. Lakers are all about flash and star potential, Culver seems like a “boring pick” for Lakers fans. He’s gonna be an absolute baller and I like him better than Garland but Garland seems like a better fit for your fan base
Hey fellow Hawks fan. He’s not Jokic but he’s highly competent. I’d love to see him if we can get another first by eating a bad contract
I bet 10 dollars on Ruiz and made 110 lol
After what they went through with KD if they traded WB for a draft pick the organization would be eaten by the fans literally
I usually think “feck off” when mnemonicing this word
Lol I’m sure Molly rolling high schoolers really want to see Corey Booker and Mindy Kaling or whoever they have this year
He also needs to go back to his original look. He’s a pretty handsome guy but that haircut and attire is doing him no favors
Kona is in the same position right now as early NXT CJ Parker. With how good Juice Robison is now, don’t write the Finest off. Keith Lee is the complete package. Size, skill and charisma are all there. Only problem is babyface big guys need believable opposition. I’d love to see him collide with Dain or WALTER. Yim’s EDC outfit is a top notch entrance attire I wouldn’t be surprised if Montez Ford added on 10-20 pounds of muscle when he gets his inevitable main event push. He has a tall skinny frame a la Seth Rollins. Women’s division feels a bit stale. I can’t wait until Bassler is called up so we can make room for the rest of the division.
Narrator: it wasn’t
She goes to another school
Log
Now I’m imagining Richard Spencer making a heartfelt coming out video to announce that he’s actually transracial
The difference between 17 and 19 is the reason why I can’t be 100 feet from a school
That’s incredible. This trade has almost no downside
AD
We don’t FAs. They’re probably very expensive and most don’t fit Trae’s timeline. You want to draft youngsters to pair with Trae and John, and when their peers are free agents you want to have cap to pursue them.
Thanks we have crabs now.
AD in the east with Trae and enough cap room to draw another star could be enough for a premature finals run. Looking at Kawhi and PG I would take the risk of him saying he’s a generational talent
I’ll spank his ass
Backstabbed by my side chick
Honestly probably saw his dreads and looked up “rappers with dreads” and saw Isaiah Rashad and Travis Scott
Bubble wrap
&gt; Off to better things like a hip-hop forum
Brilliant article
Ben Shapiro
It looks like Kevin Huerter met you
They’re continuing to expand by making Christmas movie specials. They’re usually really safe and rely on a lot of nostalgic flashbacks and references. The first one is like checking up on a close friend that you don’t talk to it’s great
Tomi Lahren
mrs obama get down
exactly
no wonder they've been rejected by offline society
**who the** cinnamon toast fuck is **you**
I wouldn’t take Hayes with 17 LOL
TJP probably
He’s always been a bit of a monster under the surface. Now that people are way too depressed to buy into his fake feel good messages, he’s starting to let it show. Edit: if you want to see what I mean, check out how he reacted to MTV giving him an average review.
I mean most S-Tier players are either 2-way players with elite defense, or offensive players with incredibly unique athletic or skill mismatches. I don’t think Tatum has either
Kevin Porter Jr and Nas Little by a wide margin.
Culver and Cam would be an absolute coupe. With that being said, 8/10/17 gives us a lot of versatility with how flat this draft is. We can take a cornerstone like Hunter at 8, a big like Goga at 10 and a high risk high reward player like KPJ at 17
The problem is college has gone from higher learning to just grooming people for the elite upper class. Those that society doesn’t seem “worthy” gets stuck with a bunch of debt, no good paying job and no unique skills for the job market
It’s a horrible idea to drop off an unaccompanied minor in an Uber
I don’t condone doxxing but turnaround is definitely fair play
Didn’t TMac literally come to Atlanta in FA
Lobster sub go to Chapo
Well, neither is coming back so get over it
Lmao also his dad blew his brains out with a pistol 😂😂🤣🤣
No one is poor with socialism
Yikes
🤭
Very nice
Only thing that’s lost IS 5 YEARS OF MY PRIME THAT SHE TOOK FROM ME
No. 4-10 is pretty flat in talent disparity.
Huerter has a chance to be the best catch and shooter at the 2 when he hits his prime. That’s arguably the most important skill for a shooting guard and he’s athletic and defensively talented enough elsewhere
I can’t believe how big of a cuck the WWE is. They literally had a bunch of main event talent lose to some 22 year old albeit talented jobber because he was Saudi Arabian lmao
JPEGMAFIA said it best. &gt; It goes back to that root of insecurity. They need to put themselves in the starring role, because at their core, they know they’re full of shit. A lot of these racists know that on an equal playing field, they’re fucking food.
Hermoine is a mudblood tho. At least Warren has some POC heritage
Stripper cops aren’t cheap bud
America gave them year long PTSD what more do you want
Ben shapiro destroys his defense of his prime rib in a row and a white knight of a black man in a black man white knight
Looking great mister president!🚮
As you can see he is not dead
Reported for inciting violence
Lasted longer than me on prom night tho
She definitely didn’t tweet about it
Looks like a combination of Adam Silver, Gandhi and the hydra dude Captain America throws off the roof, Sitwell or whatever his name is
Is she Zion Williamson’s Mom?
Fuck no
*invaded other countries for oil
dude it's called a social experiment bro pranks are harmful bro social experiments are good bro
To be fair Red Robin does use a lot of oil
Luka Doncic’s kidneys
WhT the Cu k
Change my mind
Wtf I love 2026 now
I smell pussy I smell crack
Why would he kill his former teammate Jamal Crawford
Send feet pics Luka
Going full hot take on this one: 8: Reddish 10: KPJ 17: Claxton 35: Okeke 41: Sirvydis Rational: I think these picks perfectly cover potential, need, fit, and depth better than any mock drafts I’ve seen. The Hawks and Reddish have been flirting all off season and he’s a perfect guy to plug into the void of Prince. I think playing at a fast pace benefits an athletic wing that can push the ball in the front court, and he and Huerter could be the bedrock wings that bookend Trae/Collins PnR. I love the KPJ pick over any other wing because he has the most 6th man potential out of the rest of the players mocked. Unless you want to take a flyer on a center this range (I don’t), KPJ provides a off-the-bench ball-handler/shot creator. Plus, our guard rotation is remarkably thin after Trae/Huerter/Baze. At worst, he can be a guy that gets hot off the bench, at best he can be a star. Claxton is going to be a homer pick but he’s a phenomenal fit next to Collins at the 5. A much better one than Goga, Bol or Hayes imo. His shot is rawer, but he has shown ability to stretch the floor, which fits our system way better than Hayes, and projects to be way better defensively than Goga or Bol. Okeke is one of the biggest sleepers and sirvydis is a perfect stash guy that ensures we aren’t overstocking our roster spots.
&gt;pro baldy
The troops are likely the reason why we have refugees to begin with
The fact that Chris Paul got all these State Farm commercials and his weird agent actors were the highlight says a lot
Keebler elves
Killshot/Strickland/Isaiah Scott is going to give Montez Ford a run for his money as the coolest dude in WWE
Lol imagine taking 22 days to come up with that weak insult because you were exposed as a racist
When they go low, we go low- Michelle Obama 2k19
And then they died
wtf I love Reddit admin fascists now
Bust...ing all over my pants
All over my pants
We have so many conditional seconds we should trade them lol
Bol Bol in the 2nd is great value tho. I hated the first round mocks but he’d be absolutely a steal given 2nd rounders barely make rosters anyways
We have John the Baptist, King Solomon, the Reddish Sea and Crabbe which consuming is a sin in the Bible
Ahem...SWINDLED
Lmao after all this meanwhile the Mavs still haven’t picked
Welcome please upvote my shit posts after subscribing please
57 gone
The FT% was overblown. I went to most of the USC games and he was hitting them at a very high clip until his mid season injury. In the pac12 tournament, he hit all of his free throws, which was when he was healthier
Jaxson Hayes flair?
He might sit out extended, which is perfect if Vucevic leaves. Gives them a chance to get back to tanking imo.
There aren’t many good backup PGs on the market rn
This guy PUBLICALLY owned a fascist
Maybes?? Omg I love that song!
“Lol where did the uk go?
Wait until the Mavericks find out about his sister wives, they’ll trade us Luka back for him
We should have Adam Silver announce the picks “With the second overall pick, the United States Navy selects Benjamin Shapiro, from the University of California, Los Angeles”
Penis
/r/fuckyoukaren
Sir, this is a Wendy’s
Guns registered and they voting Hillary
The Laker’s rookie?
Thank you spending your hard earned money on a “gay flag” mr Rambo big
Yeah we drafted him but the weird NBA rules mean he’s still the Lakers pick until the Davis trade is completed
/r/asablackman
Cool!
Lol Bobby Smurda makes more than the lawyer and class traitor combined
The Charlotte Flair of the WNBA
What does Sarah Applebee’s Sanders’ Dad want??
And you can’t make any of them orgasm
Luka Doncic is a failed attempt to gentrify the NBA
Manga? French socialists are weebs confirmed
Lmao when even ICE has enough of your bs
Almost hate leg day as much as minorities
Expiring contract, younger guy, sort of fits in 1-3 better than Baze and is a great playmaker. Baze gets a shot at competing again in an environment he’ll likely jive with.
Imagine this team with Giannis instead of Dennis. Imagine Giannis and Bud together on the same team 🤔
Bernie Sanders 2024 campaign (colorized)
Whether or not you agree with them, we can be respectable. After all, they are your hosts whether or not you voted for them. We can be civil.
Well someone buy him a wine mom karen shirt that says “I’m fluent in sarcasm” then
He’s either brilliant or insane, probably both tbh
Nah, zoomy is way more articulate than Op
Yeah... &amp;#x200B; \&gt;"According to a police report, Payne told officers that he could 'understand how she would feel that she was not free to leave.'" &amp;#x200B; [https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2756244-adreian-payne-reportedly-waived-by-magic-amid-msu-sexual-assault-scandal](https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2756244-adreian-payne-reportedly-waived-by-magic-amid-msu-sexual-assault-scandal)
I saw the post where he was asking for money and how he hoped Bernie would get hit by a New York taxi driver saying “ayy im walkin ere”
Let’s support some literal concentration camps then post some leftist memes it’ll balance out
Whoever the republicans think faked Obama’s birth certificate needs to do the same for Queen Ilhan so we can have her as our rightful president
Holy shit, I use my one fat-shaming joke cheat day on this one lmao
Praxis
JPEGMAFIA is a great musician and a great human
boolin on the block with the glock cocked
The difference is Trae is Luka’s dad
Oh fuck off. Now you’re /r/asablackman -ing it because you got called out for doubling down on your bullying. Then you tried personally attacking me by calling me fat, and when you found out I wasn’t fat, you’re playing the “I cant fatphobic card, I’m fat myself.” Jesus Christ
I guess you can say you BIT off a little too much
There are neighborhoods with bad air quality, no sidewalks and high crime rates, where walking/Running is virtually impossible. Having access to equipment makes it way easier to lose weight and maintain a fit build.
We beat the final boss
That still explain why you posted baby want milky on a porn subreddit
Sorry no violence is tolerated on this subreddit, this isn’t the_donald
Just like your dad never said “I love u”
Flawless fatality
To them the only redeem qualities of libs is their racism
They must be commies bc they’ve been PUBLICLY owned
A B list twerpy beta male like Chris Hemsworth doesn’t have anything on an A List sex god like Benjamin Shapiro tho
Gracias it’s taco Tuesday
Imagine downgrading from Eric Andre to Corey Booker
If Warren isn’t a tanky then why is “war”in her name
As a black son
Yo Gabbard Gabbard
We’re going to find out about Beto’s 15 different digital blackface Reddit accounts on BPT in 3 years
Why does it seem like there's always a generic politician named Tim Ryan and he never wins shit
This is the kid's table of the democratic party nominees sans Warren
Anyone going to the afterparty?
Gabbard flip-flopped as a homophobe-turned-pro gay rights politician tho. Can't trust those
Klobuchar looks like a blob fish dressed up as a wine mom
bruhhh
She's got this thread horny on main
Did u know my father is John McCain?
Rest in piss
Lol I was just informed by another comrade that he was so fucking owned that he deleted his account following the traumatic events of this thread
Project 100,000 part 2
The movie is clearly targeting conservative Christians to me though. The second movie literally has an ACLU lawyer as a bad guy, and all the antagonists are liberal educated east coast types (Jewish cough cough).
It was surprisingly tame. He played with legos, made PC’s and commented dog whistles
These people post shit like this then their sub gets banned: *surprise Pikachu face*
Mayo pete
Mayo Pete looks like the one Mormon bad at basketball
Kampala doesn’t think Biden is a racist this is some /r/asablackman shit
Corrupt cop vs Racist Pervert what a match up
Bernie
Comedy Central presents: the Roast of Joe Biden
Gillibrand wants to talk to my manager
Finally some good candidates talking
Andrew yang has a big ass face
Rap music will be less cool without guns bro
Every rifle Joe Biden holds is an assault rifle
Smart guns lmao
can't spell bipartisan e-dick without Biden
DID orb Queen please
My favorite movie Buyback Moubtain
Bill de Blasio apologizes for misadopting his black sons in front of potential alt right voters
Why
It’s been cranked since frenworld got two pieces
She’s anti-big pharma not anti-vax
He has no neck. U ever see a pit bull eat out of a dog bowl, that’s what shit would look like
Wiggity whack fam
Bernie go on Tinder
as a raptors fan i once bumped into kevin huerter in a maryland wendy's mens bathroom and we stood next to a urinal and our penises touched anyways ive been a fan of him since take good care of him u guys are like my second favorite team best luck good young core haha
Watch Reddit cry
Eat shit meghan
He was a college superstar im shocked MJ hasn’t already
Fake fake fake, you sound triggered
Flawless fatality
Yea but Spider-Man 2 doesn’t have Andy ngo baby get milky
MILKY NOW
Imagine all that milky you’re holding in 🍼
👶 🥛 🍼😩😩
Paw patrol
Exactly. Muckrack is a place that compiles articles by a journalist, look at everything he’s published recently: https://muckrack.com/andy-ngo/articles It’s all about fake hate crimes and how the left is creating these hoaxes.
Wow I love Plumlee I really hope they don’t take him ahem ahem
It’s fake fake fake. He paid some people to beat his ass because he’s so obsessed about Jussie Smollet that he tried to orchestrate his own version, seriously look up all the articles he’s recently published.
The Farewell starring Awkwafina, Director’s Cut (2019)
You got downvoted but you might be up to something: https://muckrack.com/andy-ngo/articles If you read his past month worth of articles, he’s been obsessed with Jussie Smollet and hate crime hoaxes. It’s too much of a coincidence for this to go down. Also, he’s an absolute nobody in the conservative media world. Just like no alt right members would be able to identify Jussie Smollet as a gay Empire actor, I doubt any “Antifa” members would be able to recognize a gay Asian man as a middling conservative reporter. Given he’s milked it the attention the same way Smollet has and has reaped the benefits of major sympathy. As soon as it went down, a Go Fund Me and a Patreon went up in his name. It’s way too convenient all things given
https://muckrack.com/andy-ngo/articles Look at all his recent articles. He’s been completely preoccupied with Jussie Smollet and hate crime hoaxes, now coincidentally he’s the victim of an attack himself? Don’t buy it all. He’s an absolute nobody, even in the world of conservative media populated by nobodies, and now he’s the center of their attention and 30k richer in donation money. Keep in mind, a Patreon and Go Fund Me went up like right after this news broke. Almost every hour he’s posting a new picture of himself with bruises and “injuries.”
https://muckrack.com/andy-ngo/articles If you look at all of his past articles, he’s completely consumed with Jussie Smollet and hate crime hoaxes. And how he’s coincidentally attacked? A nobody in the conservative world being targeted by “Antifa?” And now he’s $30k richer and he’s been milking the attention every time he has a chance? Fake fake fake
If it was a true socialist airline how come they don’t give baby want milky?
It’s so obvious he paid some people to dress up and rough him up for him to jump start his little “Journalism” career.
Yes, staging a galactic mission or a national tragedy is the same as paying a few people to wear masks to rough you up for $30k
Lol I spent my whole night saying this was staged.
People faking Antifa attacks like Ngo make it more difficult for real people attacked by Antifa to be believed
You should go on the /r/T_D to go vent...oh wait
You sound like you’re triggered
I was skeptical of the Jussie attacks because who the fuck on the right would recognize him much less know he was gay? Same thing with this. And who knows if he’s actually gotten a brain hemorrhage. Jussie said he was in a coma
Probably either/both Brooklyn and OKC. I would do it, we have all the time and the world and a top class developmental system. Bamba and Hunter on defense, oh boy
Lol why did you get downvoted
Holy shit congrats!!!!!
He has one year to play alpha before KD comes back
Having arguably the two best defensive superstars in the league and Lebron is nuts
Cool then we’ll pimp him out until we squeeze $161 billion of booty out of Bezos
Just suicidal things
They’re looking at Wiggins
Do you also hate Luka stans?
I love how they’re self aware that they’re ugly, young racists
Dude literally made the liberal national anthem “FDT”
They’re worse. Scientologists are all about the $$$. Fa lung gong are fascists
They’re making a lot of money from the infowars crowd. According to NBC, they’re the biggest proliferators of anti-vaxx culture in the US
Imagine a crip rapper apologizing? “Sorry to the LGCTQ community”
AOC kisses Ben Shapiro after he gives her his life force 🤪
His music is as political as it guess. Of course people are gonna care
Floyd’s quality&gt;JCC’s quantity. Floyd beat the P4P kings in the past era (ODLH), present (Manny) and future (Canelo) much like Ali took out the top heavyweights before, during and after him.
I love seeing guys in Corbin bleu haircuts throw it down
Can’t wait to see Big O vs Stewart. Clash of the titans
Yeah I think at other festivals like Gov Ball and Outsidelands there’s like 2 stages active at a time so the bulk of the crowd has to see one of two acts. Coachella has like 5-7 acts playing at the same time.
They’re also very rich and usually small business owners. They’ll be fine on the most part. However, I’m more worried about south Asian and other middle eastern populations that could get mistaken for Iranian a la Sikhs during 9/11
Please stop making assumptions that he’s white. I mean he is, but please stop assuming that he is.
The move is to keep Trae happy as much as it is grabbing a talented center. Young is the type of player to force his way out of a situation he’s not happy with. I doubt we lose Hunter in this draft and we still have a stash of lottery picks.
Really makes u think huh
*maim?
I don’t think he’d be in but how are Kemba’s chances if you factor in his college career?
God I wish
Cuz he’s backtracking
Everyone in Atlanta that wants to watch out of shape white men play professional sports is at East Lake golf club watching the PGA Tour
How much money have you paid for journalism in the past 5 years? If so, how much of it exceeded $15 a month? Compared to other public goods like healthcare and public universities I’d say you’re barking up the wrong tree.
Nobody thinks black people cant be racist. We’ve seen Candace Owens
He’s some weird tech nerd bro but seems legit
He’s a 7 year pro not 8. Brook Lopez, Marc Gasol and Serge Ibaka all developed different skills way past Drummond’s current age. Vucevic is the most recent to drastically develop a more well-rounded game in his late 20’s. He’s already shown considerable improvement at the FT% from arguably one of the worst of all time to serviceable at the line. The guy is a freak athlete. Of course there’s a chance of athletic decline but he’s also an anomaly when it comes to the average NBA player in terms of size, strength and speed. And he’s seemingly made from Russian steel, as he’s able to carry 280 pounds of muscle up and down the court without missing any time off his whole career. Dwight was always saddled with back problems but guys like Rodman and Wallace were able to play way into their 30s
He’s as good as a ft% as Len, Jones and Bruno. Certainly a negative still but not a liability at the line.! And I disagree as the major thing you want from ~7 ft centers like Andre and Rudy is to keep a lid on the rim while being serviceable at the PNR. Of course Drummond needs to work on that but the tools are there, he just needs to hone them. He’s nimble enough to keep up with less athletic guards but no 7 footer weighing &gt;260 pounds no matter how athletic they are is going to stay in front of a Ja Morant or Damien Lillard. And Gobert’s contract is usually critiqued because he’s virtually useless on offense aside from screens and catch lobs. Andre has proven to be a productive scorer despite being limited offensively and is an underrated playmaker. As a third or fourth offensive option he’d be great on that side of the court, while Gobert is a liability on offense.
The problem is all those SHOULD be free but that’s “socialism” in America. With that being said, journalism is bit different from say healthcare and transport. Those two are objective no mater who backs them. State run or state funded news is much harder to trust when investigating government issues. Journalism should be readily accessible to everyone but also journalists should be compensated appropriately.
He’s being paid 27 mil if he opts in. If he plays poorly, there’s no reason for him to opt out. We’re not contending next year anyways so it’ll just help us meet our cap floor with all of our big contracts off the books. That way we can pursue a deeper FA class in 2021 instead of this year’s bad one. If he dramatically improves then he’s earned his big contract. If he plays well and walks we lose nothing if Brooklyn misses the playoffs which is realistically possible. Even not this year’s draft is pretty shallow. It’s a low risk-high reward you’re planting a bunch of hypotheticals that the Hawks can easily get out of. Worst case scenario Drummond plays like shit and opts in, we get stuck with him for one year which we’re used to given Parsons and Plumlee
It makes a lot of sense. A lot of people hold bigoted views but not to the extent that interferes with their daily life. Even to space racists, Cerberus is pretty radical
Biyambo is shockingly young and fills a lot of weaknesses. Just got paid so we’ll get him cheap. TT is pretty young still too and would be a great defensive fit for us. Kris Dunn covers Trae’s weakness pretty well and he’s a baller. Udonis Haslem since Pierce loves giving fossils playing time
Carmelo, Jamal Crawford and Antwan Jamison should all be on this roster. Chandler Parsons over Carroll too. I’ve watched too much Hawks b-ball.
I mean almost every American war after WW2 has been propelled through a massive PR movement. Seems rich coming from Americans
Virgil selfie in the replies
This. Traynor is great but it’s criminal that Chakwas isn’t there
Draft John Brown. For...uhh his route running
Bucks in 5
Fury is fighting in arguably the biggest fight of his career next month against Deontay Wilder. No way he shows up.
You love a president so much that you sympathize with THE most evil regime in history
Babu frick
You should cut yours off because we can’t risk you reproducing
Move to the Uyghur sub. For whatever reason they made me mod even tho I defend China way more than I’m comfortable doing
Someone on this sub called it too. We’re never hearing about em again
Dude imagine both getting banned? Inshallah
Use the 69 and turn it into a meme so these soup brained nerd bros on reddit will share it everywhere
Came here looking for this comment
Exactly. I’ll probably eat downvotes but do we have any proof of organ harvesting outside of the China Tribunal, which is an offshoot if Falung Gong, one of the biggest fake news proliferators in the US, “whistleblowers” that have incentive to exaggerate and that Uyghur “activist” that did an AMA on here that turned out to be a CIA asset that worked in Gitmo? If these allegations were levied against the US I know they would need a lot more to go on before believing them.
Republican here. Just pissed and shitted and cummed my pants.
Or a bible
Since we’re going through post histories I see you’re on r/teenagers which makes total sense. I’m debating a child lol
Captain Marvel was good for that reason. The Kree came off as a cooler America
Ahh yes as opposed to Biden making every woman under 80 uncomfortable
/r/suprisedcats
That whole run was a disaster.
Fake gamer
I don’t know if it’s the Saints and their fans that turn these players into fuck heads or if the team drafts them on virtue of them being idiots
Agreed. He’s skill enough to pull off some great spots but I think singles competition hurts him because he’s not a great seller yet. He’s perfect for that hot tag spot
If Mason Ryan or Ryback could wrestle like an IWC favorite you have Cage. He’s been held back because that look is definitely not natural but he’s a legit main eventer in any company based on skill and look alone.
Imagine being a USC fan and seeing your hero at the time Reggie Bush get drafted by the Saints. Those were some tough times
Yeah, I think early 2000s USC and modern day OSU and Bama have so many players in the league it’s hard not to have them get drafted by the Saints. It just sucks that the Saints love drafting popular Heisman trophy winning running backs only for them to underachieve
The guy who killed him was an off duty/former cop
The two receiving yard titles, 3 all pros and his receiving yards a season record put him in imo
Klobuchar is the Jar Jar of this debate cycle
I miss Kristine Gillibrand
I made it. Just recycling to save our planet
Yeah Berkeley and UCLA. That’s about it
The NYT one
Seriously. Warren is getting some mid 2010s Roman Reigns booking rn.
Conservatism is a mental illness
2 + 3 are prettier than many new games. 1 with a few mods looks fantastic as well. If we applied the ME3 combat smoothness to those two games without taking away from the tactical portion of the game it could really be sweet
Trae is significantly better right now. With that being said, players as athletic Ja rarely have the court vision, passing and shooting that he has. Memphis should be glad af they got him
This. He beats all of WW in a boxing match. But he’s got a mean streak and you can’t get emotional when fighting guys like Spence or Porter
Better stats, better passer, spaces the floor tremendously with his long distance 3 pt shooting. Morant has exciting dunks and is really skilled for a freak athlete but he’s not a high volume shooter and many of his assists come from slashing and dropping it into his talented bigs rather than Trae finding the open guy through PNR and pick and pop. Athleticism is important but guys like DSJ and Emmanuel Mudiay are just as athletic as Morant.
I think in her prime, she’ll be a Charlotte Flair level wrestler. She’s incredible but still a project.
Io is definitely being built into the big bad of NXT women now that Bazler is staring at a call up.
I also think Bianca has been booked fairly week ever since eating a loss to Rhea when she debuted to NXT. She ate another pin last week so winning the battle royal is big for her not to fall into the lower tier of main event NXT women.
“I just wanna say hi Bernie!” How the fuck did I just see a billionaire is likable wtf
That’s an insult to Broner and that’s saying something
The NBA draft order looks weird this year
I was originally voting for Warren but after her follower shot up dayton, Ohio I’m now forced to vote for bernie begrudgingly
Ok bit over
Jeff teague kidneys
trae
LMA's nose is so bulbous
lololo
To be fair, most people watching 205 Live WWE are annoying Reddit internet nerd bros but it’s mostly because it lives out their macho fantasies even UFC can’t fulfill
Ska music
White women voted for trump
Agent Ross was forced diversity
MEASUREHEAD
They have entertaining guys like Buggenhagen and Riddle, it’s a matter of using them. The problem with WWE is if you’re a comedy wrestler, you’re exclusively a zany comedy midcarder. Funny acts that are good consistently are over as top stars, it’s a matter of capitalizing on that pop before the act gets stale
AEW is a big loss to Vince but it’s a win for wrestling fans. No company should have a stranglehold over the industry, not even WWE. If it wasn’t for NJPW building up western talent that couldn’t be bought by VKM, WWE could have easily bought out every moderately talented wrestler in the business and sideline them so nobody else could have them. WWE is going to be just fine. NXT will be around as long as WWE wants it to be. But something like AEW, whether you enjoy it or not, is good for the business.
It’s controversial to redditors because this website is infested with twerpy racists with no place in regular society and the website doesn’t care to step in and change things.
They supported two last place candidates. Hilarious
Probably not going to be a five headed dragon because of Gidora.
I’m pro gun but it’s not even remotely comparable to Jim Crow
Yeah I always thought the same with Thabo’s NYPD situation. I don’t think we would’ve won with him against the Cavs but it was smart to smart to push that narrative in order to max out the payout
Maybe not, but when too much mayo clogs it up just takes one of them to have a lapse of judgement and go through with their dangerous ideology and then you have someone like Heather Heyer dying.
Why would Broner fight the hood when it’s behind him
Tbf, Ira Glass could narrate Honey Boo Boo and make it sound professional
Same here! Totally forgot both Jaleel White and the guy from 8 Mile were on this episode
Maybe if he went back to something similar to his Killshot gimmick
Being from Atlanta and a lifelong Falcons fan I’ve always hated this dude for being an obnoxious saints fan
Personally, I don’t consider myself an ancom but there’s a lot to like about it. I do think there needs to be at least a state to usher in a socialist government before any real change is made. I mean right now, we have a surplus of food, housing and medicine. Yet people are dying from a lack of all three. Hell, between automation and frivolous service industry jobs, we’re basically making up work so people can survive on minimum wage. Everything I’m saying is theory but something is clearly broken in America and the status quo is not gonna fix it
I’m 90% sure Warren doesn’t know a single trans person
This American Life NPR Money Podcast TED Radio Hour Planet Money by NPR Money
Zootopia memes about the officer rabbit being hot
Lol wtf this can’t be real
He fought in California before but this is going TJ be his card
Lol are those looney toons characters?
Are those drugs kids are taking at music festivals these days?
Ali is one of the most influential civil rights figures in American history. Thrilla in Manila propped up a martial law regime. Ali will forever be a hero for me but he took blood money for a fight
Race in itself is invented by “white people.” They assigned races towards people they thought were different. In many cases, they weaponized it to deny these groups basic human rights in American history. All “white” meant throughout most of human history is that you’re not denied those rights for your race. There was literally lawsuits in the 1900s used to prove who was white and who wasn’t in order to determine who was allowed to naturalize as a US citizen. Those court cases are the only reason why Syrians and Armenians are considered white but Indians and Japanese aren’t on the census. The whole idea of “whiteness” was engineered by white people themselves to mean uniform, privileged (deserving in rights) and “un-exotic.” And now they’re being mocked for their own creation. So, to answer your question, no, it’s not racism.
Bitch I'm coming in your house Let's get freaky with the strap (Nasty!) We don't fuck with alt-right Y'all ain't never been a threat (Right) If y'all come to Baltimore, we gon' stick 'em for their racks (N-word) We gon' beat them crackers dead (Yeah)
White people be like
Anderson is starting to feel comfortable as a defense first playmaker instead of forcing himself as a slasher and it’s really playing off. If he develops he could be a Celtics Marcus Smart type role for us
Enfield is gonna Enfield things
We’re a .500 team or worse without Big O
I don’t think we’ve had a game without turning the ball over +20
Pac12 refs
Wtf man lol
Legit. Any Asian American who grew up in the US has dealt with the same 3 racist jokes in their childhood.
It’s so weird. Part of me hates the misogyny of the chud anger behind Kylie Jenner becoming a millionaire. On the other hand, the toxic hate of the Kardashians turning into class consciousness would be dope
Can’t believe we finally have a standalone Marvel film for an Asian Avenger! Black Widow is gonna be great!
I knew Mayor Pete wasn’t a good idea to resolve American-Chinese conflicts
To Ben Shapiro she’s 10/10
If you ever want to get ammo against Luka stans, start an /r/NBA thread pretending to be a Bucks fan and ask who you think is better, Giannis or Luka. Then save their comments about how "shooting and passing outweigh defense significantly" and then use them for when they argue Luka is better because terrible wing defense is somehow more important than horrible guard defense.
Tbh going from child soldier to house producer to lib advisor to socdem to demsoc is a normal arc
Amber.
Are you referring to when Klobuchar runs third party and wins?
Half of these are on the same album. Gorgeous is overrated, everything Yeezus is all production.
Yeezus has the best production but at best is the ramblings of a crazy person.
I also don’t think someone the caliber and impact to the game of Kobe has died at such a young age. The NBA is really lucky that most of its ATGs aside from Wilt who lived until his 60s, are still alive.
It’s not. I don’t care so much for what people think of Kobe than white leftists not hearing out what black leftists have to say.
It’s pretty clear black leftists are mad about the performative leftism used for white people to be edgy. The same people mad at Kobe for harming women are laughing at a 13 year old girl’s death.
Not everyone dies in a fireball of death with their adolescent daughter
What’s Wild is we might get a repeat next year with Ja and Zion
Lol they tried starting a hashtag today and it got ignored because of Kobe’s death
John Morrison too!
To be fair, he got way better by developing in-ring in the indies and building an absolute money physique. Had we not been given 3MB and all the bad, he may have never gotten the motivation to get this good.
He’s been a right wing troll on the CSUN subreddit since I was a student there. He’s a pretty angry little man
*friend of babykiller
Remember that whole romaine lettuce outbreak?
Apparently he grew up in a super chud childhood and is slowly growing out of it or some shit like that
AJ Styles?
Mask off
A lot of chinese diaspora on moretankiechapo and many do end up on here.
Hell yeah dude
Mowing down Klansmen in Mafia 3 and RDR2 are the two greatest moments in gaming for me
You're getting downvoted but its basically expected at this point. The first had Joe/Balor, who faced a Rhyno/Baron Corbin no less, then we had Dunne/Strong and Black/Richochet. The only year that was heavy on actual teams was 2016, with a massive bracket and AoP, DIY, Sanity, The Mighty, The Revival, Heavy Machinery and Tino/Riddick. The singles star teams like Roode/Tye, TJP/Kota Ibushi and Austin Aries/Strong all had early outs.
You make slightly more than minimum wage from actual reporting (that requires your own car, insurance, a bachelor’s, long hours that often require being on call) but editorial writing? $200 for non-sourced hot take if you know the people. Takes a day to write two
Damn they’re gonna send James Bond after ur ass
I agree but his age doesn’t = his mileage. He’s been fighting pro since he was a teen, he might be the same age as some like Errol Spence but he has twice or three times the ring mileage, especially given the physicality of the pros compared to the amateurs
😆
Obama if he was edge’s theme Uhhh let me see clearly
Bernie Sanders complimenting a life long Democrat.
We should force both Dakotas to merge and give NorCal and socal the two senate seats
Open the can of pringles Republicans!
Only way John goes is in a package for an even better young player
They think it’s Dennis
Craft beer americans are only discovering sour ales now? Smh
Jason Taytum
Kobe “Black Amba” Bryant
Exactly. It's not okay to respond to lethal police violence with violence towards property but it's okay to respond to property violence with physical violence? Pretty hypocritical if you ask me.
Below average college football players have held world titles based solely on being stronger and faster than their opponents.
Boxing is not just like basketball. Weight classes are based on how well your body carries weight, not how big you are outside of a fight. Depending on your fighting style, being a smaller, stockier fighter can be an advantage in the cases of pacquiao, mike Tyson and Shawn Porter. Robinson has proven he can carry the weight of a light heavyweight running up and down a court for an entire NBA game. Paul gassed in under 6 rounds. It’s going to be a slaughter
Real Margarito energy
Violence is a natural response to injustice and it's true no matter how much you shame me. The problem specifically with these riots are that there is no leadership or organization. If there was, they could be using the violence to make specific demands about systemic racism and police brutality much easier. These riots aren't a good thing, they're a *necessary* thing. My whole point is they come at a price, it's up to you whether or not to accept them or choose to maintain the status quo and continue to grandstand and allow innocent people to die. The people who are concerned with "black on black crime statistics" are the exact people these riots are for, because it's abundantly clear they do not respond to reason or basic human decency, so peaceful protests are ineffective in making them change their mind. Only coercion and extreme action has a chance of protecting black lives.
Huh?
That’s because your question is shitty straw man bait that doesn’t actually ask anything other than wouldn’t you be sad if you business was ransacked.
She was already denounced as a traitor during the events of Shadow of Revan and she/Theron ended up going underground because of that. Once Marr took care of business with you, she was back in the good graces but promoted to head of Sith Intelligence, a very clandestine position that requires tons of loyalty and secrecy. Defecting and joining another faction, even one that is an ally, is a huge breach, even if she did it for the good of the universe. The only reason why Theron isn’t experiencing the same disdain is because of who his parents are
I’m a huge Mass Effect fan and an equally huge Psych fan. A FemShep/Lassie relationship is the crossover from my childhood that I never knew I needed
I think what OP is saying is that they have value that would justify belonging to a museum in the first place.
It’s very watered down and intentionally vaguely apolitical.
Well, arrest the other three cops then.
He’s really good at hiding that he’s a total narrow minded greed baron. A lot of people even on here think he’s a good guy off the field because he has a fantastically talented PR team. Brees wants you to think he’s a typically apolitical, kind hearted Christian guy—he wants you to believe he’s everything Matt Ryan really is.
The whiners are the exact people that should be pissed off. Any sort of inconvenience in their life is good and should be supported
Incredible find
Here’s an insane fact, he sued his mom over her left wing political campaign for using a brief picture of her with him in high school because he has an issue with her using his image to “send the wrong message.” Then is okay with lending his stupid mug to hate groups and pyramid schemes. After Brees sued his mom, she basically lost everything and spiraled into drug abuse and ultimately died from overdose. The whole time Brees refuses to contact her. Then Drew has audacity to use HER IMAGE by writing a shitty book about how tragic her death was to him and rack in money from the book deal
They’re self admitting evangelicals, “good Christian boys” is what Cornette and Steen called them
He also ironically rapped about GG Allin, but didn’t have anything nice to say LOL. Called him a cracker and said he would put him on his knees and make him pray to his shotgun
What's nuts is that jewelry thing is probably the best thing he's been involved with off the field recently
Half brother i believe. Both Tuggle's sons though
Sociopaths will always be attracted to police jobs as long as they're allowed to carry around a gun and push people around. Cops get paid really well and have lower mortality rates on the job than pizza delivery drivers
Diggs
Orton is a draw though, Nia is not
Current is definitely better. They seem more like a troupe of theater kids these days, the old locker rooms seemed more like frat houses or football locker rooms
Plus internationally they love the guy. Orton is over with Indian fans the way WWE thought Jinder Mahal was
I’m American and I have no problem confidently saying America is a massive shithole
Smh should’ve bought Hawkscoins
Influencers are just good marketers on social media. In fact, they’re probably a lot less deceptive than most other forms of advertising.
Exactly! The problem with many of the new Star Wars properties is that Vader/Luke was such as a successful reveal that they go to that well way too often. Disgraced Zakuul Knight is so much more interesting than failed parenting therapy sessions.
Mazzara farm is awesome. There’s also usually an enclave that spawns in the house across so trading is super easy, especially with all the food rucks you’ll have
People can be validly mad at Nia Jax and still be criticized for making weird, fetishy baby talk on Reddit about an adult woman likely older than them
I mean canonically it makes more sense than passing down the mantle to a Soviet super soldier that served a neo-Nazi cabal
It’s definitely the unit count
Units determine whether they’re full time or part time...
But he looks bigger than Shad which is nuts given Gaspard modeled for super heroes and Greek gods
That speed run guy is definitely going to be sampled in his next album
Somebody said the base character customizations look like different variations of Handsome Squidward lol. I’m not asking for Vanderloo Shepard here but I do think some texture updates on our PCs plus Lana and Theron would improve the game dramatically. Watching them interact with someone like Tau is painful
Sami Zayn and Kevin Owens
Vince's championship game was legendary but that game isn't accounted for when voting Heisman. Reggie Bush's junior year was one of the most iconic seasons in CFB. 1700 yards on 8 YAC won't be replicated for a very, very long time Edit 8.7 yards per carry to be exact
Leftism can very much be just an intellectual aesthetic--it seems the case with your relative. That doesn't mean your tax bracket necessarily determines whether your communist beliefs are hypocritical, but actions like underpaying workers and being a landlord (unless he inherited the properties from a dying relative) are almost certainly bad. If you're a richer leftist, you're valid but you're also expected to contribute more materially towards mutual aid and furthering leftist agendas. Let's not forget Engels was quite wealthy.
Peak Gen X energy
Flume’s style has intentionally become jankier the more his career progresses
Wait am I supposed to vote poet or me?
I came in a male today
There’s an item you can craft after raising your combat level that lets you breed slimes and you can drop one anywhere on the map (you can do that for most outdoor items, just make sure they’re not in a town person’s walking path or it’ll get destroyed). The slimes in town will even talk to people
They swapped hairstyles
My favorite part was how Max Kellerman said Lebron could never be Muhammad Ali because of those comments. Ali’s literal legacy was built on refusing to go to war against a communist Asian country lmfao
There’s always been humanity on the left. When we mean healthcare and housing for all, we mean fascists too. But that doesn’t mean we won’t defend ourselves or others in their crosshairs if they choose to act out on their prejudices
Yes but it’s a big time investment. It’s time wel spent if you’re willing to put in 10s to 100s of hours into it
Exactly. If opinions on racism were subjective in journalism, then newsrooms wouldn’t have incredibly strict HR policies and the AP Stylebook wouldn’t stress cultural sensitivity the way it does. I would be more concerned if a reporter was hesitant to respond to if black lives mattered.
Joe Harris feels like one of those guys that will be paid way more than he’s worth imo. We have sharpshooters we just need to develop them. Melton is probably staying in Memphis. Sort of sucks because I think it will stunt his career bc hes never going to start with Morant ahead of him. I like Kris Dunn, he brings everything that we lack in the backcourt imo. He’s probably not very expensive either for a top 10 defender at the PG position
The same way both Marquez and Timmothy Bradley can say they best Pacquaio
Racists are seeing other people like them get fired from their jobs and kicked out of colleges for racist shit said about BLM and they will still post their racist vitriol online publicly, often with their employer info attached to that profile. If those people won’t stop despite all the clear consequences to their pig headed behavior, how are you going to get this shit to stop against Asian Americans when there really aren’t any true consequences for racism. Hell, didn’t some UC PHD student advocate for genocide of Asians and literally the college shrugged it off. Someone should really [redacted for Reddit’s TOS] or some other form of targeted internet campaign in order to pressure the university to cut her loose.
Yeah but you lose the option to give him a top hat. Choose wisely
No :(
Women hold up half the sky-Mao Zedong
Hayes is Mo Bamba without the upside
It’s not just that it’s entirely not true. There are literally as many murders that have unknown or racially unidentified murderers as there are black killers. That’s like saying you ask out one girl your whole life and she says yes and use that for data to argue that every woman in the world would date you
The penalty was $3000 and the killers didn't even pay it. This country is so rotten
He was awesome. He also put over almost every major heel in SWF, basically every top heel's debut in their bio between 2005-2013 featured some sort of beatdown on Faith
Devlin is a cruiserweight champ tho and got a pretty big push in NXT UK, he was basically always the guy right under the main event. Ligero is probably done though
This. As much as I feel bad for Blake and Cutler they were basically enhancement talents that got their push because of Ryker standing ring side. Maybe having Blake beg Murphy to team back up with him while Cutler goes back to NXT and works in the mid card?
If it was abundantly clear that it was fake there’s no way Dream wouldn’t have made a statement imo. I get legal reasons but for public figures like NXT main eventers, their reputation would be most important thing on the line. I’m not sure what’s going on with Riddle but he absolutely put out every poker chip to clear his name because it’s clear he knows how much his public image is going to be effected by this accusation. I think if there was refutable evidence that would exonerate dream, he would’ve made it public by now
Yeah I feel you on what you’re saying. I think PR would be really important in this situation and a slam dunk piece of evidence would surface though. Mostly likely WWE just waited it out, probably either doubting Dream’s accuser or hoping that it wasn’t true. I think it’s really important that he just hands over all his social media accounts and all those DMs get investigated. By doing so it should be very easy to prove whether or not he’s being framed
Giannis
I think the point of OP’s comment is that he manages to land that 1 big punch though. I agree, he’s very good at setting up that right hand rather than trying to trade or outbox a better boxer
Definitely no excuses for him. I think it is important to see how far we've come though from 4 years ago where joking about raping someone as a term of dominating them in a sports or video game was so normalized. One of the better things our culture has let die since 2016
I mean the Undertaker gimmick has been one of the most incredible achievements in pro wrestling, as much as I hate Calloway, the character has always been remarkable to me. With that being said, his wrestler's court seriously enabled all this toxic behavior backstage. At any normal job he'd be strung up by HR and fired
watch, their prime minister is gonna come out in yellow face to try to ease tensions
Thomas the Train Engine Gravestone!
I would only do it for Ben Simmons or Embiid in return. Thx
I think what’s worse is that I think he was actually passionate about unionizing. But aside from that he was a total POS
Jussie Smollet faked a hate crime that wasted police resources that could otherwise be devoted to cops faking hate crimes themselves. There’s layers to this
Ironically, he’s regarded as a generational talent largely because he has the play style of a much smaller player while built like a fucking pterodactyl
He’s arguably the best basketball player in the world right now, Lebron included. I’d recommend looking up some of his highlights on YouTube, you don’t really need to understand basketball to see how remarkably athletic his feats are
If Libertarians had their way, MJF would be a face
Probably for exclusively that dope ass Luchasaurus spot
Is there such thing as too many workrate hosses? AEW is stacked with Lee, Murderhawk, Cobb, Wardlow, Luchasaurus and now Cage. It almost feels like there are so many of these ultra athletic monsters that they don’t feel as special as they should
Cverse 😁
Seriously though McMahon is such an asshole that it makes sense that his company doesn’t understand the difference between booking a bad ass and a jerk
Lol NXT doesn’t even have the guts to talk about Atlas’ sexuality. With that being said I really really like him, he’s one of those workers that you can see thru kayfabe is just a cool dude
I feel you, it would be way worse if they were all power guys
Escobar’s theme song is awesome.
People don’t have to work during a pandemic. People need the government to step in and provide them with the resources to survive.
At this point Katt Williams will be cheaper to cast as a regular than LaKeith or Brian
Exactly. Wilder is what happens on a video game where you spec all of your stats into critical damage becomes real life
I was like when did Lin and VC play together then I realized it was for my team lol
I remember her early gimmick was a wannabe woman’s Stan Hansen and honestly I see it more and more now
Not surprised. What a gross little man
Scarlett Johansson
Michael Vick is the Mike Tyson of football. Exhilarating to watch on TV, a total head case outside of the sport and will always be regarded higher than numerous players better than them because of their legacy and cultural relevance
Is this about Tammy Duckworth? Because given her military background and her super hands-on bills in Asia, her policies will hurt more members of the Asian diaspora than any other Biden VP pick imo
That would require businesses caring about their workers to begin with
Beatnik let’s play SWTOR
🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀
Pussy Pass Denied is still around and it’s basically about beating women
It’s also a very good way to radicalize baby leftists.
Yeah my last post on CTH was how they would use T_D’s ban to justify our ban despite the last Donald post being 100 days ago then grandstand about how the admins were fighting racism. I’m thankful I have this community and a few others or else I’d honestly be deleting the app
Maybe after Heyer died but T_D was nothing but an empty shell when they banned it this morning. I’m thrilled ConsumeProduct is gone but members of that sub play whack-a-mole and will be back with another equally racist subreddit in a month. Its overlap with Fren World, Million Dollar Extreme and Cringe Anarchy are basically a single circle. Also glad Gender Critical ate the dust but there are multiple other TERF subs still up as well as the fact that Reddit’s general transphobia remains heavily intact.
