im hearing John Carver, best coach in the league, is still available ^^^^^kill ^^^^^me ^^^^^now
i used LavaLoon until i had level 3 miners. Then it was QW Miner until Th11
depends. I dont leave the queen alone too long, i prefer quicker raids and once the miners are down there will take some attention away from the queen. As long as she's taken out a few buildings first i send the miners in.
a level 20 queen is gonna get melted by single target defenses of a TH10/TH11 you can try it. just make sure you keep an eye on her to use her ability to save her of if there are a lot of defenses in 1 place get readty with a rage for your healers
the fact is, i cant ever see enough people refusing to go so that it actually makes a difference. It would have to be season ticket holders and at that point they've obviously already paid so Ashley wouldnt care at all
cant believe i'll never again get a semi-on at the sight of Rafa's glasses going inside his coat pocket after a win
RIP in peace
mental amounts of money
the game was entertaining, but the quality of football is so poor. First time ive watched any amount of women's football in a row and there has yet to be a game, team, or player that has impressed me. This was meant to be the game between the 2 favourites to win the tournament so i was expecting something different than the other games ive seen. Maybe it was the heat, im not sure, but im still left waiting to be impressed
im playing an Assasin Crit BV build. The guide im using has PCoC linked to BV. Why do i need this when i have Unstable Infusion? im constantly at maxed power charges
really hard to support this club sometimes. Stupid fat cockney wanker
i think we'd all like some new signings, we don't have much depth and could probably do with a few minor first team upgrades. Chances of that happening though? i wouldn't hold your breath
weather we're going to spend or not, im sure we'll be offloading anyone we can. so many players taking a wage while not playing
that's a beautiful finish by the biggest cunt on the field
Injuries are really beginning to hurt us at the back at the moment. Lejuene clearly wasn't fit enough to start playing full games back to back, Schar was needing a rest before the last game, im sure that played a part in his injury. Saying that Bruce is still clueless, players just dont look interested and doesn't seem like most of them know what they should be doing. I guess this is going to be another thread of just shitting on our players, mainly Joelinton
i could tell 2 weeks ago Schar needed a rest. You're bound to get more injuries with fatigued players
&gt;1321 LK runs and finally a Ber. Fuck this sub man i don't know why i keep coming back to it, makes me so angry with jealousy. Surely you must know that getting Ber in 1321 runs is insanely lucky. I don't know the exact odds but im sure it's at least double if not triple that.
a good enough haul already? we are only 6 points above 19th, in literally 2 games time we could be in the bottom 3. Our form is as bad as West Hams now, and only Norwich have worse form than us. West Ham have a stupidly good squad, there is no way they go down, even Moyes will keep them up, and quite comfortably in my opinion, maybe even top 10. Norwich looks like our next winnable game, but they completely blew us away earlier in the season, they're obviously not on the same form now but you never know what can happen.
and yet all we as fans do is throw shit at him. He's our best defender by a large distance and we shouldn't be negative at all, it's not his fault he's probably been rushed back to the squad, played when he wasn't 100% and playing back to back games. Entirely on Bruce
Mental that we can see that watching them play 90 mins a week but Bruce and his coaching staff can't see it coming.
you weren't much better yourself to only win 3-0 after playing 40 mins against a 10 man team which is missing about 5 "first choice" defenders. I guess with Vardy it would probably have been 5 or 6
we were missing almost the entirety of our first choice back line
&gt; easier than the Southampton game as it should be. They have a better squad and we went on to lose 3 defenders during the game, after already missing 3-4 through injury. Hopefully a couple more results like this and people will actually realise how poor of a job Bruce is doing.
it's incredibly frustrating to watch us every week and then go to r/soccer and be told by random fans of other clubs that he's doing a better job than Rafa EDIT: To clarify. I think these kind of results are coming regardless. It's not the poor performances/results im hoping for, it's the realisation that Bruce is not a PL quality manager
&gt;I'm 5'9" The moment every woman closed the thread
I read somewhere that Bruce was eyeing up Lallana. I'm not the biggest fan of him, seems like a prick, but he'd definitely be an improvement. No way Liverpool let him go, no way he'd want to come here
i think what we really need is for us to fucking smash them, get some confidence into the strikers, don't think that's going to happen. And at this rate playing our best 11 is in now way a guarantee to win that game, and that could just be even worse for confidence
while your point isn't incorrect, can you imagine the comments on her if he starts Atsu, Muto and Gayle for example. We're not the kindest of fans when it comes to giving our players stick for no reason.
yea and each of them gets shit every time he does that. The twitter reactions to the team going up is always full of crap too.
because you don't buy a player from an "easier" league who has a really bad goal scoring record and expect them to come the the PL and bang them in for fun. There was no way he was getting to decent figures, no one should have expected that. I've said it before and i'll say it again, Lewandowski would struggle in this team. He'd get goals for sure, but it wouldn't be many. In terms of assists Shelvey is the only creative player we have, maybe you can add Ritchie into that too. ASM is creative but only really for himself.
excitement? i can almost manage to watch us have 25% possession against PL teams, i don't think i'd be fun to watch us do that against lower league teams
there was a stat like this posted in r/soccer the other day about our team. The top comment at the time was blaming the Christmas schedule for it. If that were the case why doesn't every team have this many players out
i wouldn't back us heavily to beat them if we had a full squad.
i think if they put in a big enough offer Villa might be tempted to sell Grealish. Leicester would be mad to let Maddison go, they're not exactly desperate for cash are they? If they've put all this money into the squad, got a great manager at the helm and make it look like they really have ambition to win trophies, selling Maddison now would be crazy.
i hope you're not looking for one in LK
i can't be more than one person, so i can't be cops. But no i'm not a cop. I could care less about people botting, i've botted on D2 before, didn't sell the loot the bot found, i found that it really made the game meaningless for me. I was just confused by your phrasing of "it got saved for some reason"
nice man, RNG comes and goes. I was looking through my LK screenshots and realised that 2 of my Sur runes came within 300 runs of each other.
glad i'm not the only Ritchie fan here. His crossing is a little inconsistent but in my eyes he's still the best crosser we have. I can see Ritchie to Carrol being a good combination. I don't think it's too late in the season to see some corner flags getting snapped
i think Norwich play better football than us, but seem to lack something, i'm guessing it's the quality or experience. I think they're the only team worse than us though. It's close between us and Burnley, they play some really awful football.
it's the lack of FCR more than skills though in my opinion
and a Nef rune!!
...isn't that really bad? Haven't made my SP necro yet and it's been a long time since i played necro, but this looks bad
dam i thought i was the only one. Sometimes i think i just missed the chest, or i'd click but then move the mouse away before it actually casts. And then i'll make sure the mouse is on the chest and cast it again, and nothing. It's really odd. Sometimes i can do a run with 1 cast on each chest and it goes really fast, other times it just doesnt happen.
just gonna hijack this thread, i've just downloaded this loot filter, everytime i inject it it just closes the game. Im running both as admin. Anyone can help?
same as you, 11.02 plugy and 1.13d for Diablo
i hate the phrase but Burnley really do play anti-football. And the inbetweeners were right, Burnley can fuck off
nah i was in log on screen, same as in the dbrunsku video, i'll try in game. Did you just copy/past his config set up?
i dunno then, just doesnt seem to work for me. Tried it in game, still crashed it. I've copied his config file exactly, still didn't work.
i got it to work. I edited the plugy.ini file to autoiject it and then moved the MH files into the plugy folder and it's working. Thanks for your help
really made me realise how many crap blue items drop, now i gotta learn how to filter some of them out
well the only reason i got used to holding it down was because i didnt want to miss runes. There is no danger of that now so i need to get used to only pressing it after i pop the chests. Getting between the 2 chests in the LK hut, popping them both and then holding alt might be quicker
yea but afford it with what? Botters don't sell HRs for pul-mal do they? they dont sell their enigmas for 1HR, or sell their Shako for lem or whatever. You still have to find stuff to buy off the botters, so saying you'd have nothing without botters is a little crazy. I've been grailing for a few months, i have a GG 125fcr hammerdin which smashes CS on P7 without any trouble. No botters involved there, didn't take me years.
level 93. rushed him to that level as quick as i could to start crafting. Why wouldn't people use Hammerdins? they're really strong and effective at what they do, and i find them really satisfying
i leveled mine at CS, only did ancients when i was 92.5. I've hardly played him since he hit 93 though, currently about 2000 LK runs into farming infinity and i only have 1 Sur so far.
congrats. Im going to see if i still have my save file for this. I'm sure i got 100% and it wasn't too hard to do. This is the second time i've seen a pic like this and it's been upvoted a lot. Maybe im getting my lego games mixed up and this 100% is really hard to do.
i don't wanna burst your bubble but it looks more like that pylon was just meant to make you panic. I think after pulling that many drones, the protoss comes out ahead
£100m doesn't seem right. But at the same time if Joelinton costs £40m then £100m is hardly much
eh, organisation isn't everything.
I'm sure that's exactly what Ashley and therefore Bruce want
that could also be true. I don't think you know what burst your bubble means though
i don't even know why this thread is here. One of the worst squads in the PL puts out a squad that's almost halved through injuries, plays players out of positions. I know nothing about Rochdale but i would generally have us favourites to lose before this game. I was expecting a much weaker squad though. Only Bruce would play our only 3 fit CMs in 1 game.
Bruce doesn't know how to change a game, at all. No matter what the situation is, he seems to make the same subs. Unless we're losing and he thinks we can get a goal, then he just takes defenders/CMs off for more attackers
i didn't have a bubble to burst though.
Didn't watch this game, can only defend Joelinton for so long. I gave Perez too much shit when he was here and im trying not to do the same thing here. Got a text off a mate about 25 mins in saying Joelinton had missed 4 chances. Didn't believe him so i checked. still 2 shots on target? Checked the live text updates and he literally missed the goal 4 times, didn't even work the keeper. How do we line up if he doesn't play though? It's not so bad if Carroll is fit, i have no problems with Gayle getting a run too, but what else can we do? Also why the fuck does Bruce take youngsters like Sorensen and then not even play him, or at least use his last sub. The bloke really is a cabbage.
that's insane luck. The speed at which you farm triggered my though, sorry but when i'm farming LK it's about going as fast as possible. I wouldn't recommend clicking every log, skeleton and chest either, and it's very rare that large charms are even remotely useful, unless your account is about a week old. What did you use the runes for?
Congrats. 653 isn't really a dry spell, that's roughly the average expected runs to get a HR. Im exactly 1260 runs since my last HR, a Lo, and 1499 runs since my last Sur :(
because they were clearly happy they had defended cheese and i'm saying that it might not be the case.
that's not too bad for 6800 runs i guess, although i hope that's not in 5 days, that would be a heck of a lot per day. I've had a fair few skillers. When i get LK groove on and really just want runes i'll not even look for charms. My current map is really good as there is a shrine that often spawns inside or very close to one of the huts. I haven't been picking gems up but i always carry 2-3 in my inventory incase i get the gem shrine. I think im upto 30+ PAmethysts. I got a week off work starting today. I'm pretty hopeful i'll get a Sur on the next few days
That bloke did come across as a total prick though. I think they could have put him through and maybe worked on his attitude or something. Audience clearly liked him and that would be the main thing.
I don't like the pointless abuse and berating our players get, so i haven't read this whole thing, already had enough Joelinton threads as it is. I would say that i don't think he's weak, physically he looks very strong. He just need time to adapt to the league and he needs a good coach who can get him using his strength the right way. The most frustrating thing about his game is his apparent lack of strength, the bloke should be bullying defenders instead of getting slapped around by them. Doesn't help that he doesn't have much service or much support around him. EDIT: Also i really wish we'd stop bringing up the £40m. It wasn't as if Joelinton sat there thinking "I'm working £40m so that's what im going to transfer for." The only person who deserves stick for that is Ashley for agreeing to pay that much for him.
he also called someone by the wrong name, and said something along the lines of "we don't all want to be in a boyband."
yea no rush, i just wondered what kind of LC would be worth keeping. I play plugy, i have a number of 11% resist sc of all elements incase i need them, but once you start getting the good endgame gear resists come less important. I also have some 20life sc and some nice FHR and FRW but don't really have a use for them. If i have room in my inventory its going to MF charms, which seems common for SP at least.
right, that's Brian McFadden, from Westlife, one of the biggest boybands ever. It's a pretty stupid thing to say to someone like that, even if he wasn't being a bit of a tool.
&gt; I'm not superstitious, but I'm a little stitious thanks that made me chuckle. And i'm the same as you, despite being 1500 runs since a Sur there is no more chance of it dropping now then it was 5 days ago after my last one dropped. But i can just FEEL it. Got an Ist rune in my first 30 runs today, i hope that didn't "reset" my rng :D I've just got a loot filter installed yesterday, its messing with my telekinesis so im still getting use to it, but once i get a couple hundred runs down i think my run time is gonna come down so much, and i was already coming in well under 30 seconds.
im not a super min-max player when i play games, but when i run LK im doing it to pop as many chests as i can as quick as i can. If im going to farm like this i'd go to cows or chaos or something. Maybe he's on the back end of a few hours of farming and is just a little chilled out, which is fine, but it hurts me a little bit.
Im a spud, i typed out a long response thinking you said Ber for CoA, wondering why you'd need that with 2 sorcs. I'm dumb.
Im pretty sure that's a dungeon, not a basement.
i took mine super slow. I farmed NM Andy/Meph until i had a lot of good gear, mainly Viper, double spirit, trang gloves. Farmed NM baal to level 75, then started through hell. Skip whatever you can't kill. As soon as i got to A2 i started on Ancient tunnel, P1 farming. This was great for exp and decent for gear. I got super lucky here and dropped Griffons and Nightwings amongst other items. Farmed enough LK to get Hoto, CTA and Enigma, found plenty of skillers too, and was farming AT in between. Farmed a lot of Hate and Terror keys, once i finally made Enigma i made my Hammerdin, had all the GG gear like shako arach etc, farmed some destruction keys, got some torches and just went on from there. Currently farming LK for infinity
i'd be surprised if Ashley spent more money on attacking players considering he's spent £60m recently. We'd need to unload at least a few players first.
i'm not too fussed on Ki and Muto moving on, I'd rather we kept a hold of Gayle seeing as how he's the best goalscorer we have.
i just went 1500 runs without a HR, and when one finally dropped it was Vex. How many runs do you guess you did in those 10 hours?
i thought Ki did alright for a while, i never really saw much from Muto. Even between the 3 we're not looking at much money, i think we got Ki on a free and paid about £9m for Muto, can't remember Gayle. I think keeping Gayle as a backup/impact is a good idea. We're gonna leave ourselves with Joelinton, Carroll and potentially Giroud. That's an ageing/injury prone attack force + Joelinton which doesnt fill me with hope
Are you honestly saying that those 2 things are even remotely the same?
most people use a counter to track them, just thought you might have used one is all.
i'm not sure many (any) people consider Gul a high rune. Congrats though, even finding this should give you a boost to carry on farming
gotta have a life for that pal
im a SP peasant and i don't consider it a HR. Im sure 99% of people don't consider Gul a HR
you've dropped a Ber and Sur in one day, that's your luck used up for at least a few thousand runs
wtf is this picture man
holy crap dude 5 Bers is absolutely insane. I'm not trying to do a 10,000 runs project but ive just passed the 5k mark, think i've had maybe 5 Sur in total, no Ber
i don't pick up white druid helms, should i pick up every one i see?
yea i've got a loot filter installed, and it shows blue druid helms i just don't really put them down.
its a super chest and therefore has a fairly decent chance to drop a HR
half of those runes aren't HRs
Get in! Bet Murphy is gutted
i'm normally a fan of Murphy but tonight he's being a right bell end
at the same time Norwich are similar but really lack quality. It need's a bit of both.
i feel you, we're in a similar situation although our players are obviously not at the same level of quality as yours. What i was saying though was that coaching isn't everything. Norwich are clearly coached quite well, they play good football, they just lack quality. West Ham have such a quality squad, but have thus far been coached really poorly. It's not simply enough to have a well coached or good quality squad.
what do you mean it's still doable? What's doable? You said it's closer to 100 in 65,000 to get a HR from a chest and that's just purely wrong. I can be contradictory there as it's completely false information
i don't think Leeds are pretending to be a big club to be fair
Joelinton scores that though, that's as much about the team than the striker
&gt; I got booted and my account blocked how could that be plugy or SP?
*of non paladin shields
having 2 camps on the map for a total of 6 super chests, with them both being close the wp, and putting it on players or 8 will help you be more efficient. But the map doesn't affect the chances to get runes out the chests, only the players setting does that
bad bot
nice. I just did exactly 100, got a 1/20 sorc and then a few 2/5-9 random class ones that might come in useful at some point. I keep a lot of them, not like i need to space in Plugy
are they still sending out free tickets to people? could be that?
yea i meant in the actual video
i don't think he's a clever enough player to play through the middle, doesn't make the right decisions enough of the time. I think he's suited playing out wide, offers a lot defensively from there
i'd expect to do a lot more than that before i get a 2/20 paladin or a nice one one for druid/necro. I just love crafting/gambling
that fact that those threads get upvoted a lot suggests to me that you're in the minority. They get more comments too. If you dont want to see them, then don't look. Loot pictures are, and should be, a big part of the sub. It'd be dead otherwise
You have a few options. 1. Farm the places that have no or fewer cold immunes. Mainly bosses or my personal favourite, ancient tunnels. 2. Ignore them. If you do find some cold immunes, and you're pure blizzard, ignore them. 3. Play a hybrid, like Meteorb or something. 4. Get infinity. EDIT: To respec to lightning probably.
give it 2-3 days, if it persists contact your doctor
thought you were 12, turns out you're just a tool
......yes
i would like to say that it's the first game that i'm going to watch this weekend and that it can only get better. But then i remember im about to watch us play away to Wolves.
playing our best goalscorer, it's like he doesn't want us to score or win games.
He shouldn't ever start when it's a choice between him and Gayle. That earlier run from Almiron, Joelinton could have had so much space to the right if he had been on his toes and sprinted. Gayle has that sense of where he should be.
Just seen the replay of that Longstaff ball over the top. That's a really bad ball, he had half the pitch to aim for and just fucked it up
isn't this his 3rd or 4th game? 2 of them were against Man U and he scored in both of them?
that is poor defending, hopefully the game doesn't die now
ah ok. Was it Sean with the long ball? thought it was Matty, i could be wrong though
Even Gayle's holdup play is better than Joelinton's
"the misfortune that's been placed upon Steve Bruce" fuck off bell end, it's his fault
nice, 28 mins in and 2 more injuries. Fuck Bruce man
we start off 1 number closer to that than normal because Joelinton is on the pitch
because he has no idea what he's doing, whatever is going on in training is doing more harm than good. And when a player does come back from injury it's straight back into the first team for multiple games without a rest, leading in them getting injured again
If Bruce makes a change before he has to he's a tool. And Carroll of all people to bring on....
Joelinton pulled his groin from all the running he's been doing.
who the fuck is Allan
Sometimes watching our defending is like watching a John Smiths advert
Ah nice one, never heard of him before. I'm not sure he'll be getting a chance today, i'd like to think Carroll and Ritchie are both favourites to come on, but then again that's risking 2 more injuries
Atsu, Muto, Carroll are all fine at the moment. Ritchie might be back to match fitness then. Hopefully Almiron, Joelinton and Gayle just have minor niggles and can at least make the bench. Last thing we want to do is rush ASM back, get him injured and lose him for 2 more months. Whenever Bruce says he's ready to play, i say we give him at least 1.5-2 more games before starting him.
Our crosses are shite. Can't wait to get Ritchie back into the squad.
eh? where did i say the commentator was choosing if it was a red or not?
make a change Bruce. Don't care about injuries, Joelinton is basically a passenger
not sure if i'd take a point over so many injuries, we'll have to see how bad Almiron and Gayle's were
Such great work from Gayle, hopefully his short but impressive performance today is enough to tide the abuse he gets off some fans. Joelinton really is useless isn't he? I feel like going to watch a game just to watch him the whole time. It's like he doesn't know what to do. Who was that player who basically managed to convince everyone he was class, signed for a big team, and then turned out to be basically amateur? cos i feel like that's Joelinton.
Enigma is a real game changer to be fair. For the first one i'd do this if i were really desperate and had a character fully geared and ready to go minus the enigma
The bloke has 0 energy, or at least uses very little if he does actually have any. He seems to have no game sense at all, where he should move to make space for himself or to pull a defender out of position. You can see that a lot today, you can see it in the clip of the goal and if you can get the replay of the chance before the goal that Almiron missed Joelinton is in a decent position again but just doesn't offer anything.
he's not in a good position though. For the first chance, to me, the right ball is to play Joelinton in. But he's stood there flat footed, not moving not making any runs, so Almiron was right to shoot - not that i think Almiron knew that at the time. You're right he's a young lad, but he's got a big price tag and a lot of expectation on him and a lot of eyes on him too. You can argue that he needs to be trained to make the right runs, but he just needs to be making any run. I'm no striker and even i could tell you on both occasions he needed to be doing more.
yea but i don't think any definition of screenshot says it's a shot taken from the same device. This is still a screenshot.
try D2JSP. My guess is next to nothing.
a lock for ice cream, that's really a thing? I don't understand why anyone would think that's a good product to make or why anyone would think they need one.
i have 3. Not sure what that has to do with an ice cream lock.
ah there it is. I never did the whole roommates thing. Although if you're roommates are truly assholes wont they just break the lock or still get into the ice cream like his wife did?
that's a lot of cost effort for a joke though, isn't it?
because none of my kids would go into the freezer and start eating ice cream without asking, and that doesn't apply to ice cream. Based on some of the stuff i read on here, stealing a roommates ice cream is rather tame by some peoples standards.
ITT: JuSt GeT 5 nAdO pElT
i will definitely read this as some point, but i've just gotten in from work and that much text scares me. What i will say is that i really don't like the fact that his price tag is brought into this argument. It's not his fault that was his price. If you were talking about buying a young Brazilian striker, regardless of his record, £40m isn't exactly a huge amount is it? We nearly sold Longstaff for £50m last season. Can you imagine if we had, the shit he'd be getting
Elhain was my starter and i really like her, good mix of AOE and can do some nice single target. But then i pulled Kael the other day and everyone seems to agree that he's just all round better, so i guess i'll leave Elhain where she is for now and get Kael going. I have the champions ready to rank up to get him to 5* but im maxed on the event for today so im saving it. I've done little bits in the dungeons, haven't really repeated many apart from Mino, i've gotten most of the champions i use up to the crit masteries just for a little boost. I think ill get kael to 5* and then ill start pushing through hard and see where i can get. I see you're replying a lot in here, being very helpful :) Hope you're not too sick and get better soon
if a F2P player was going to spend a LITTLE money on this game, is this what i should be looking at? I haven't got the gem mine and done intend to, my gems go into energy,
they don't even see much use at the moment, only in rare occasions in arena or campaign when i think Elhain needs extra damage or if there is a force champion that i need some extra help with . I have champions like Saurus, Avenger, Dervish, Zephyr sniper, Sister Millitant and a lot more that i know have a small use but i just don't want to get rid of them. Some of them i haven't even used or geared, but they've been skilled a little bit with copies and have some levels/ascend, i just dont want to drop them
i never imagined i'd not be happy to see Lascelles and Ritchie back in the squad, lets hope neither have been rushed back too soon
our squad is much better than people give us credit for. Norwich, Burnley, Brighton and Villa all have worse squads than us in my opinion. I don't think Bournemouth and Southampton are that far ahead of us, Southampton would be in trouble if Ings wasn't in the from of his life.
im not sure this is the right place to put this but i didn't want to make a separate thread. WHEN should i be getting my first 6*? In terms of how many 5* should i have first and what level should i be and where abouts in the campaign? Just so i have a nice gauge to go by. Also, to get the 6* do i just pick any random shitty 5*'s and throw them in? or is there a general rule about which champions i should/shouldn't use. Its taken me 10 days to get my first 2 5* it's going to take a long time to get the ones needed to get a 6*
lets hope he can do it more regularly against PL teams
don't get injured
i disagree, i think if the defender doesnt get there its a tap in for Joelinton. Either way, what a fucking cross from Ritchie. So glad he's back
i wanna see the Joelinton goal, hopefully he went fucking mental afterwards, really want the bloke to get some confidence
that's definitely one way to look at it. And even if he is a useless/lazy/shit or whatever else we say about him, it can't hurt us if he scores can it? Even if that ultimately means we get more for him when we sell him
and yet r/soccer tells me Ryan is a better keeper
i started with Elhain and got lucky to pull Kael last week. They are my only 2 5* the plan for me now was to focus more on Kael as everyone says he's just better. But reading what you 2 have just said i now have doubts.
when it comes to waiting for double shard chances, is that just for void and sacred? I have some ancient ones that i wanted to use on this summoning event, should i really wait until an event? Bear in mind i have only 1 epic and maybe 5-6 usable rares so my pool of champions could definitely get better quite easily.
thanks for the reply, so i think Elhain should be my first 6* and leave Kael at 5*
thanks for the reply, so i think Elhain should be my first 6* and leave Kael at 5*
Would you recommend maxing her skills out? I have more than enough rare books but im worried i'd be wasting them
i see people say Elhain over Kael and some say Kael over Elhain, i dunno which one to do. Doesn't Elhain farm 12-3 faster than Kael? I had never considered Reliquary Tender, of course she's the best i have. Is a 5* Elhain/Kael good enough to farm 12-3 to farm enough food to get them to 6* or will i have to farm lower than that?
Ritchie nearly knocked Matty's head off when he scored, love to see things like that
i remember Perez costing 2 million, although that could have been $2m or whatever. And you're right, but i don't really think people gave Perez as long as they did because he cost so little. Sean Longstaff didn't cost us anything and he still gets shit on when he has bad games or bad run of games.
yea i realised my mistake after reading this. I have over 100 brews combined do you think this is a good time to use them? im a new player and didn't want to waste them. Im maxing out the daily cap on the training event and im already in 2nd place on the tournament, should i be spending the brews now?
and 10% of that is from owning the internet domain .TV
didn't feel like a guide, more just you rolling gear. Still fun to watch though, like risk free gambling
im a new player and i read somewhere else on here to not claim Whisper yet for this reason. Is champion chase an event?
i like to be efficient and not think that i've missed out on anything. I'm up to 4 void shards and 4 ancient ones (i opened 10 ancient when the summoning event began but i think i should be waiting until an increased legendary event for them) which i'll be saving for the next event. i probably should just be opening them as the only epic i have is Shaman and i have very few usable rares, but i'd hate to open them and then see a really good event come up.
i'm getting close to 6* my first champion, and right now its between him and Elhain. I know 99% of people say Kael over Elhain, but she's just such a better farmer. I need my first 6* to farm 12-3 brutal well and i feel like Elhain does that so much better, but that's a big investment for a character that has limited use outside campaign, arena nuking and early dungeons.
hopefully, i'd hate to 6* him and find that he's great in CB and some dungeons but really slow at farming food
i started a few days late to max this event, i've seen a lot of comments on here saying how much people like it, so i'm guessing this isn't a regular thing? i wish it was
nice for 14 days in, spend that energy though !
it's bad enough when one of them has to play let alone both.
Im a fan of Dummet, but he doesn't offer anything close to Willems or Ritchie when it comes to going forward
and some Liverpool fans struggle to understand why most of r/soccer hates them
yea you're right, i don't think giving Schar or even Lascelles the freedom to come forward a bit with the ball is always a good thing
[I said this 3 weeks ago](https://old.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/eh8iss/liverpool_vs_wolves_var_rules_out_netos_equalizer/fcgiiph/?context=3)
im definitely going to be leveling heroes for the next few days, i just wanted to know how hard i should go for him. I have a few max level uncommon champions in the vault, 3* and 4* ones, that have niche uses that are easy to get again that i could feed into other heroes for the event. I also have a few hundred gems i can use on energy, and the morning the event finishes my daily log in bonus is 500 energy. Im hoping by then i know that i've either securely got him or i've been blown away, if not then i guess im going for him.
even for the first 2 levels of CB he's going to be useful though isn't he? And i think i can almost start moving through the dungeons and keeps a little bit more, so he can still be useful im sure. Thanks for the advice
i've watched the videos from the bigger, well known youtubers, but this was more along the lines of is he worth it to spend gems and all my energy for the week to get. Thanks for the reply though
he was a bitter little fuck years ago. I'm sure it was him who was on a SC2 show, i'm sure it was with djWHEAT and he got called out for it. Can't remember what it was he said but it made him look like a complete dick
im dumb, here i am thinking surely you're not going to get all those to level 50 and then rank them up again before the event ends. I would say i hope its not my tournament you're in, but my reward is Royal Guard and i don't think you'd put in that much effort to get it
nice. I got Reliquary Tender from mine
3 legendaries in a week? wow thats insane, congratulations
can i ask why Warmaiden before Reliquary? Im in a very similar situation, my next 5* will be one of these 2. I've been leaning towards reliquary to help get me through Brutal and start 3* hard and brutal.
so if i didn't have gorgo Reliquary would be a better choice?
Spending $50 for a new console game that you might play for 2 weeks and then never again. Perfectly fine. Spending $70 on a mobile game that you play for months, possibly years. People losing their shit. To me, $70 is a hell of a lot to spend on anything. But i have a mortgage, a wife, and 3 kids to provide for. If i didn't i could definitely see me throwing hundreds of $'s on games (maybe not this one though)
if i were to spend that kind of money, it would have to not be gambling. So if it was for chickens, brews, gems, energy etc that's fine for me. If the majority of the pack is shards, i'm not taking it. I couldn't imagine how i'd feel if i opened a load of shards i bought and got fuck all.
The training tournament
100,000,000 (read it in Dr Evil's voice please) I don't want to give you my exact number, and i don't have the game open, but its over 9k
huh how do you get more than 1 going at once?
i think the champion and the rest of their gear plays a massive part in this.
i hate when we have to play our best CM in defense
was that Joelinton using his strength?!
i hate that our natural response when we get the ball anywhere near our own box, regardless of pressure, is to fucking lamp it upfield
it's not pointless, she's a really good champion. I've farmed a lot of Deadlands on hard, that's where i farmed my 6* and i've gotten her a total of 10 times, so 9 skill upgrades. I don't know if it's worth farming just for her or not, and i'm not sure if the stage matters, i did all my farming on stage 3 for the extra silver
not just them, it's the whole team. Ritchie has done it, so has Dubravka. I don't think it's technical ability, i'm not asking for tiki taka shit, just sometimes we have a good simple pass on to release Almiron/Atsu and instead we blindly lamp it
poor goal to concede
Dubravka should be saving that.
the situation between the 2 isn't similar though. Although i completely understand his celebration
surely that's his 1 job during a penalty?!
i'd say overrated personally
top 10 probably!
we're conceded 3 more goals than you with an injury ravished defense. I think we're doing fine for a championship squad
poor game from us, but we got 3 points against a better team at the weekend so it comes and goes. having 2 Longstaff's in the middle doesn't work, playing our best CM in defense kills us. Lets hope we can get over this bad injury run before we're sucked back into the relegation zone. Thankfully Villa and Palace are losing
how many threads do we need about a question which only the person asking can answer
30 times without her dropping is not unlucky, i was told about 100+ times?
it's linked to our shambolic amount of injuries
where did i say anything about Dubravka? he's been class for us, a few too many mistakes but he's still earned us more points than he's lost us. The championship squad thing is more tongue in cheek aimed at everyone who called our squad championship strength last season, then it got weaker and we're still doing ok. Also having a better squad than 5 teams doesn't mean we're not championship quality, there are some really, really weak squads in the league which, being better than them doesnt mean we're PL quality
more injuries ?
crazy that he thinks it's better to put Hayden at RB than to change formation
i dunno what this comment means. Who is we? and "so yea" to what?
i turned one off the worst game's ive watched in a long time after about 30 mins. Turned out to be one of the best. Fuck Everton, fuck Prickford, we're shit but got a point
hard to argue with the result really. and that's been the story for almost the entire season
i watched the clip of the second goal, started with the commentator saying "4 wins in his first 6 game" right then i thought "wouldn't it be funny if we scored twice"
i turned the tv off at about 30 mins. Stream was fucked mind, almost as bad as the football. Was watching the first goal when a mate text me asking if i sore what happened in our game. Went mental. I could care less about the point, we got 3points at the weekend we shouldn't have. I care that it was against Everton and Prickford. Their fans are nearly as bad as Liverpool fans, the scouse bastards
fuck me i was watching the other video of this where it only shows the 1 angle and im thinkin how the fuck does that go in? Does he kick it out of his hands or something. No idea he had saved it behind the line. Fuck you pickford
Commentator: "That is 4 wins in 6 premier league games" Big Florian: "Hold my Baguette"
it was funny, very funny. Then for some reason i felt bad for Everton. Then i remembered it's Everton and went back to being happy. Was a real roller coaster
can i ask what you need to autoclick overnight?
sorry i wasn't being an ass. I've only been playing this game 2 weeks, didn't know people used auto clickers. Is it to not waste a little amount of energy through the night?
gotta admit that's pretty funny from Calvert-Lewin. Not really the brightest idea to wind someone like Lascelles up though cos he'd wipe the floor with you
yea seriously. I'd like to admit that maybe i had a sheltered life and was innocent and naive but none of my friends at school were thinking or talking about it. A girl in our year got pregnant at 15 or 16 and it shocked most of the year and not just because she got pregnant
finding it hard not to judge, but thankfully everyone is different. Thanks for sharing
&gt; Idk, shit’s weird and different for everyone. and that's what makes life so interesting. Would be pretty shitty if we were all the same.
6* Kael and start farming as high campaign level as you can, i chose hard 9-3, mainly for Warmaiden drops. Get rid of the level 30 uncommons (sniper and crusader i think, i dunno im pretty new to the game) and i would personally use any duplicate rares you have as food, keep 1 copy of each. Use them to get Kael to 6*, its going to take a lot of time and farming but it's worth it.
to be fair the commentators were talking about it too.
the VAR check is ok sign is given when the ref blows the whistle and gives the goal. Is he meant to wait until they get a sign on the board to say it? It took about 5 seconds as he was clearly behind to ball, no need to drag this shit on. Announcements and such should only be used when the VAR is taking a long time.
McDonald's using cardboard straws doesn't make me more environmentally wary, it makes me go out and buy a pack of 200 plastic straws.
i would think by now it should be common knowledge that every goal is checked. I don't think it should take too much longer for us to get to a point where players, fans, pundits, people watching tv etc know to wait before properly celebrating unless they're 100% certain it's a goal
when the ref blows and points to the center circle you know then it's a goal, it was about 5 seconds from scoring to doing that
pull the other one, you definitely have the strongest squad of the ones battling relegation, there's no way you're the worst team in the league
&gt; kids having access to porn basically whenever they want. i really do seem to to not live in the same world as a lot of the people in here.
not really, and if they do i don't think it will be soon. The amount of plastic straws somewhere like McDonald's go through in a day will eclipse what supermarket chains sell in a month
im amazed that you have a 6*, 8 5* and only 19/50 champions. Thats impressive
my eye twitches when i see people with so much energy and here i am watching my energy tick to 6 so i can farm 1 more level. Also as it's been said, you're in bronze, you get Bronze medals in bronze, you need to be in silver or gold
i think it depends on how many champions you have. If you have enough rares that you dont need you can use them i guess, but i know that most of the 4 and 5 stars ive used to get my 6 star were uncommons. I've also leveld up a lot of commons to feed just while the event is on
well i've only been playing about 2 weeks so my opinion isn't backed up with much experience. But you definitely need a campaign farmer, someone who can run brutal maps really efficiently with 3 food champions with them. From the champions i recognise in your pool i would say that is Athel. Not only would i get her to rank 5, but i'd go all the way to 6. I wouldn't level up anyone else until she is at rank 6
Fuck me, Man United are hosting the worst team in the league and getting bent over. It was a nice idea letting Ole try, but if Keane or anyone else thinks Ole should get another year they're smoking some seriously strong stuff
that is possibly the best thing i've ever seen on here. That is sheer class
i hadn't claimed my Whisper yet so she just gave me a big boost. Other than that i can't see me getting very high. I expected most people to be saving shards for the 2x legendary chance events but i guess not
whoever your campaign farmer is, probably Kael
if a coach was better at the game than their players, they'd be the ones playing. Top athletes/sportspeople don't listen to their coaches because the coach is a better player than them do they?
&gt; the guy who fapped to Tristana porn hold up. As someone who hardly follows LoL at the moment i'm gonna need some context here
This almost had a LiveLeak mark on it
such a crazy season. The league is getting more competitive and i think that's partly to do with lots of the bigger teams throwing stupid amounts of money on players that don't deserve their price tag
maybe contact them directly instead of posting here? And i know how this is bad from their side, but do people really see the bit in the corner saying it was 2x chance to get legendaries and then NOT go and check? Instead they just see that and then throw money at it? seems odd to me. I've only been playing 3 weeks and even i knew it wasn't a double chance going on. If i were going to buy the packs i would have checked first
that's what i read on here and it seems to be true. I don't know how the brackets are picked, im guessing account level or strength or age or something. I'm not complaining, means i have less chance of getting really active players who spend $$$$ and have more chance of winning. Unless the person below me makes 6 6stars in the last 3 days i think im ok
i'm up to 5-12 on brutal but i stopped when i realised i wanted a 6 star champion and then this training event started and i don't want to take my foot off the gas on that, i have a 2k lead for getting Royal Guard but i'm no confident that's going to be enough. Does Kael wear lifesteal for 12-3 farming? i guess not, i guess 1 speed 2 offense is right? I thought Diabolist was pretty handy in arena and CB sometimes but i guess not. i got mine to 4* thinking i was going to use her, are you saying i should use her as food? especially as she is farmable
was literally told an hour ago on here that she is food. I know a lot of this is really dependent on the individual situation but it can be pretty hard being new and trying to find out what champions are good
i only have 1, i got her to 4 star as i thought she was going to be useful
Arena: Spirithost, Warmaiden, Elhain + ?????? Make sure they go in that order I don't know enough of the champions yet to identify them all to know who your 4th should be, but those 3 in the arena works really well.
that's what i was worried about, i really need to spend all my energy on farming food for the tournament i cant really afford hundreds of energy for mino
would that make a huge different? Im closing in on 500 gems and i get 200 in a few days from the daily gem thing so i can easily save to 800. Is that going to make him reliably do 12-3 brutal solo?
don't think i've tried that combination yet, ill give it a try thanks EDIT: What sets are you using? life steal and speed/offense?
Lejuene out with a groin injury after setting the record for most shags in a night
&gt;Should i get my money back how do you plan on doing that? Regardless of what went wrong with the referral link, spending $30 on a game that you've played for 10 mins is really not a smart thing to do
i don't have an idea, as there is nothing you can do. If you took the time to search before making this thread you would see that it's a well known issue, that doesn't really help you but it means you don't need to make this thread. As for the money, you won't/can't get it back.
it's still the MLS, being good in one position there doesn't mean he can change to a much faster paced, more physical league and do the same job. He does a fantastic job out wide and offers so much defensive cover. I feel like playing him as a 10 either leaves Joelinton isolated or leaves us vulnerable to counters. The bloke chased down Traore more than once the last time we played Wolves, that kind of cover is invaluable.
jesus christ Kenedy, every fan and their dog wanted us to sign Kenedy after his first season. Dodged a bullet there
don't invest in Warpriest anymore, she'll be obsolete soon enough. Elhain and Apothocary should be your main 2 champions, unless dark Athel is considered better than Elhain, i'm pretty new myself and im not familiar with dark athel.
he might be, i'm only 2 weeks so i dont really know. i saw an arena guide for new players recommending a team of Spirithost, Warmaiden, Berserker and then your starter hero. I tried it and was underwhelmed with Berserker. I started with Elhain and was lucky enough to pull Kael, so i just dropped Berserker for Kael and it works well. I don't see where else Berserker fits in other than Arena. If you like it, use him. I farmed Deadlands to get my Warmaiden skilled up and dropped a lot of berserkers so farm him if you want, i just used mine as food.
£340m seems like a lot.
that was tidy from Lascelles to begin with. Poor tackle but he didn't even touch him so i think yellow is right. Also ASM should be having a field day here, should be running at them all day.
insane amounts of brews and chickens maybe?
we need a goal soon
he's useful in PL games never mind cup games against lower league opponents. But he's injured at the moment.
Almiron too quiet this game. Need to stop forcing the ball to ASM so much and i wish he'd stop trying to do so many tricks on the ball. Stop trying to do elastico against Oxford and just beat your man ffs
As dangerous as he is, i wish ASM would just calm down and try not to put excessive flair on everything he does.
how do we have so much possession when we can't pass or hold the ball for shit
at the moment they're having a decent spell, haven't really outplayed us though. If anything we've outplayed ourselves by being so shite
fucking hate cynical fouls
feels like our whole team has been quiet today. Hardly heard from Ritchie, Bentaleb and Almiron
These fouls are disgusting. It's complete bullshit
who is this biased sack of shit commentator. He got audibly excited at the 3 on 2 and then when the pass was played poorly he said No! prick
at least 2 of our most promising attacks foiled by cynical fouls. Fouls that were applauded by the commentator. We were hopeless, can't even get fired up for a home game in the cup against a team 2 leagues below us, shocking. Shows why Rafa and Bruce favour us having such little possession, our players are woeful when they have the ball that much. We really missed Shelvey or Hayden in midfield, and either Gayle or Carroll to come off the bench for Joelinton.
I think Burnley are the only team that play worse football than us in the league, due to the amount of fouling they do
I just don't get Bruce at all. Play some of the young lads ffs, even had 2 on the bench today, give them a run out. Can't be less impactful than Atsu or Sean Longstaff
Fuck cynical fouls by the way. That shit ruins the game, it's as bad as diving in my opinion
love these videos and this one especially as it's a F2P account Keep up the good work
Sean got similar treatment to Joelinton today, but not as much because he didn't cost us £40m and we've seen him play well before. Joelinton is out of his depth with the coaching/management in the current squad. His hold up play did look better today, but that was against a lower league opponent. He also, at times, showed a complete lack of desire to get the ball back or get into a decent position.
he took a well hit but pretty dam speculative shot. he was quiet though, forgot he was playing for large parts. Same can be said for Ritchie and Almiron though, expected more from them
fans of Dubravka should be everyone on this sub. Easily one of our best players this season, possibly the best. You're telling me our 3rd or 4th choice keeper should be our first choice next season is utter bollocks.
a player being a local lad is a bonus to them being in the squad, not a reason why they should be there. He's not good enough to be number 1, not even close. If he had played every game of this season we'd be in the bottom 3 easily, probably dead last. He's not even yet at a level to take Darlow's place let alone Dubravka
why do you keep drawing these comparisons to how players perform in other leagues? Even if he is the best keeper in the championship, he's still nowhere near the quality of the keepers we have. And keep downvoting me if you want, it's pretty pathetic but whatever floats your boat. We're having a discussion about a player but downvoting is clearly more important to you
that's an insane champion pool for 2 weeks. I've been playing just over 3 and you have more epics than i have decent rares
&gt;WOW. I'm the only one? what, where did i say that? And it doesn't matter what other people are saying we're talking about what you're saying. &gt;We bought Darlow, who was not the best GK in Ch'ship, who wasn't in England squad on Euro, and he became number 1. Completely different situations. We already have a fantastic keeper in Dubravka, it'd be hard to bring in a keeper that would become our number 1. I must be remembering Darlow's time with us differently to you, he took Elliot's place due to him getting injured, he then got benched by Sels and then finally got a run of games before Dubravka came in. &gt;How the f*ck do you know he is 'nowhere near the quality'? ....because he's on loan to Swansea? If he was good enough to sit on the bench he'd be there. &gt;There is no point to tell you about others, like Dean Henderson who is the best English keeper right now. What on earth does that have to do with Woodman?
yea but it's complete bullshit
the items from the LK super chests drop in patterns. There is something like 65,000 different preset item sets that drop together. Of those 65,000 there's something like 4 patterns that have Ber in them on players 7 or 8. I probably haven't explained that very well, sorry.
do the masteries really make that much difference? Im farming 12-3 Hard with my level 60 Kael as he can't reliably do brutal. Im F2P too and 800 gems is a lot to invest
that's pretty solid advice. I still can't decide how hard i'm committing to this game though. I've unlocked the gem mine but that's it so far. I wasn't sure about spending another 1000 gems on it. I have a lot of time to play this game and i feel like 1000 gems of energy is going to be better than waiting 100 days to start making those gems back. Thanks for the help, something else for me to decide on
i wouldn't call my self a super fan in terms of knowing stuff like this, but they really shouldn't ask people who's answers are "the goalkeeper" or think that Lascelles is the only player to get a hatrick in the last 3 seasons. I definitely got more than 8 but i'm not sure how many more.
why take screenshots? don't you have a phone?
yea i got Perez but it took me a while. Wijnaldum kept coming to the front of my mind but for some reason i couldn't work out how long ago that was. Had to pause the quiz while i had a think, and when i realised it was obviously more than 3 seasons ago i felt very stupid. But then of course i got to perez so redeemed myself
it's a meme from the Diablo immortal "don't you all have phones?!" comment. You're a very angry person, imagine telling someone on the internet who you've never met that they should never have been made, that's a really strange thing to say. I hope you get some help man, you need it.
was definitely expecting the beginning to Skyrim at some point
please Mike for the love of god just see this through. If you take one of them out for a curry don't be a prick, order the extra Bhajis and Papadums and don't be stingy with the Becks Blue you fuck
ooo can i hijack this thread? don't wanna spam with another thread for a small question. I've done something similar, but on a much lower level. Im planning on waiting till the last hour to rank my stuff up and use brews if needed, does the tournament finish exactly when it says? doesn't get laggy/buggy towards the end? What happens if there is maintenance and i can't get on? Im getting nervous about this as i want my champ lol
I don't know what you're accusing people of, but i would guess the odds of this being done legit are 100%? how can this not be done legitimately?
you watch your mouth you filthy whore
i'm not watching the fucking Aeroplanes and shit this time
it was more than 600 when i got back up this morning, but it was still reachable. I maybe left making and ranking up my 6 star a little late, there was about 10 mins left when i started and due to the lag and game issues they had at the time, although it was telling me i was earning points as i leveled up it wasn't adding them to my total. I missed out on first spot by about 120 points, but i know for a fact that 392 points worth of getting a rank 6 to level 50 didn't get added. Busy trying to resolve this with support but they don't seem very active or helpful
Ber and Ohm in 110 runs? I'm calling bullshit here
this is already on the front page
the thing you've postesd
something to make more rare champions useful maybe through restrictions on which ones you can use or something
dungeon divers event?
can you imagine if this was the other way round? this thread would be a whole different matter
so we beat them but lose Gayle? I'd rather lose and keep our best goalscorer
you know this is reddit right? You're better off taking it up with them directly, mainly through the discord
yea, keep telling her it's the dog ;)
really makes you wonder what the fit and proper person test is for if people like this are allowed to buy clubs
"best mid in the world" I don't think that's true, but where would people rate him? top 5?
how do you farm dungeons with no gear?
seriously? all i've read is that people that do it before the mission have to do it again
My wife's Grandad died 11 days ago, she was heartbroken and sobbing. I wasn't particularly close with him, but seeing her that upset got to me. But it was when she told our 11 and 6 year sons the news, and all 3 of them starting sobbing together that set me off. In fact typing this is making me tear up. There's nothing like seeing the ones you love, especially children, crying to set you off.
but how do you get a very solid start in dungeons if you're using the first piece of each gear set that has dropped for you? You're not farming Offense, speed or lifesteal stages for exp, everyone is farming 12-3 which gives complete trash gear.
BUT HOW DOES THAT PERSON GET GOOD GEAR IF THEY HAVEN'T FARMED THE CAMPAIGN
a mod just confirmed it on discord for me too, thanks for this, appreciate it. I went hard farming food during that last tournament so wanted to take things easy. Might start working on Relic keeper now
the whole argument is that you can't farm the dragon or ice golem without first getting decent gear from campaign. You're a really aggressive person, fancy getting so angry about something so trivial
still hoping for them to get relegated and im sure City will smash them, but Leicester have looked really poor today
nothing personal really, just one of the most likely teams to go down instead of us. And the hatred between our 2 clubs definitely goes both ways
we could bring any striker in the world in and it wouldn't matter if we're not making many chances
i didn't even know i had a game. Thanks for telling me though
the word i focused on there was live
Kael and Reliquary Tender. I just 3 star brutal with those 2. My RT was 6 star too though, but as long as Kael is 6 and RT 5 it should be easy to do even brutal
this is planned maintenance though
It was posted 15 mins ago that they were rebooting the server
do we normally get notifications in such a short time for a quick fix like this?
this signing does nothing for me, reading the comments here i seem to be alone. Fingers crossed he gets his shit together and puts some hard work in, don't really want him taking Ritchie's place though.
just throw in a few goddam in there and he's definitely a lawyer
what did you just say to me?
If he can borrow the shoes off his friend Rolf which help him to run faster without making any sound, he'd probably do alright
My current arena team is Spirithost, Warmaiden, Kael, Elhain. I've just gotten in silver 2 but it's taking a few refreshes to find a team i know i can beat, but don't know how to go about upgrading it as my champion pool is really poor - about 5 epics and they're all pretty bad. Im about 3 days away from High Khatun and i should be fusing Relic Keeper in an hour or so. So i was deciding do i take Elhain out and put RK in, he can be a cleanup for anyone that Kael doesn't kill? But my issue is that i'm facing a lot of High Khatun/Apo teams that just get a massive speed advantage on me. If i put High Khatun in and take Spirithost out, i'm left with no attack buff. Or do i run them both and drop Elhain still? having 1 damage dealer doesn't feel like a good idea to me.
i did it with Kael and Reliquary tender, completely trivialised it. I'm sure i've seen people recommend Apo but he'd need to be 5star i guess
Your campaign farmer first, as far as i can see that is Kael, but i'm quite new so maybe i don't recognise a better farmer in there. After that, Zargala is a really good shout for 6 star
Oh its Cupcakes again, you've already helped me a while ago in a thread on here :D My Kael does decent damage but he's in lifesteal gear so he's probably not got the best stats for nuking in arena. Im thinking of turning RK into my 12-3 farmer as i think he might be a little more reliable than Kael with less investment, that way i could maybe take Kael out of lifesteal gear. I assume i'm going to want him out of that gear when he starts dungeons properly anyway. Im really liking the thought of High Khatun as my lead, she seems to be very common in Silver 2, which is where i want to stay for now. Question is do i drop spirithost and run def down and 2 Aoe (im going to count RK as an AOE here, so Kael + Elhain or RK) or do i drop Warmaiden and run Spirithost and 2 AOE. Spirithost is definitely the weak link in my team, she's only level 40 and is in poor gear. Has the right speed stats to get her to 146 speed but if there is a team where i go second, she's the first to get targeted and drops so fast. Wish my luck had been better with ancient shards :( have 1 more tomorrow from the week quests to pull, i gotta hope i pull something insane
do people think 10x is really 100x? so many people surprised that they don't get the targeted champions during a 10x event
I don't mind fusion events. Either the lego is worth going for like Rotos, or it's not worth going for but the chances are you still get at least 1 decent rare/epic as part of the fusion. Also we get events that you can do even if you're not going for the fusion, like artifact/arena/dungeon divers
keep 1 of each rare/epic in case there is a fusion event that needs them. You don't need to level them up and gear them, but keep a hold of them. Royal Guard is a fantastic epic, but you won't get much use out of him for a while. The rest won't get much use, just focus on getting Elhain to level 60
i got Umbral Enchantress, Catacomb Councilor and a whole lot of rewards from all the events basically for doing nothing that i wouldn't have done anyway, so i definitely benefited
first of all &gt; they reward other things than rares but also require less points is there any evidence of this? as far as i can remember the 2 artifact events that we had during the fusion weren't any worse than the one we've just had, apart from the 1 less reward due to 1 of them being a champion, although a 3* chicken is still useful. And that's a pretty extreme example. In that case, where 1 player spent FOUR THOUSAND GEMS to get a below average legendary, they're obviously worse off, but i can't imagine many people doing that. What about all the people that spent 100-300 gems or even no gems during the event, who managed to get some rewards from some of the events, and are basically unaffected in future events? Look at what we have going on in game at the moment. We have no tournament, we have an artifact event that started something like 3 days ago, so anyone who really wanted to complete it surely has by now, and we have a champion training event for another 12 hours. At least if there is a fusion on, even for a shit lego, there is probably a dungeon tournament, and arena event, a dungeon diver event, something which is giving more benefit than just running dragon 20, or farming more food in 12-3. It can never be a bad thing to have a fusion going on, i don't see how anyone could say it is.
finishes in 12 hours, get a move on!
i don't wanna comment on how bad those 2 are, but Rupert is clearly the best of the 3. Unfortunately for him Daniel got the lead and Emma is, well, a relatively attractive female so his chances of blowing up were pretty slim
nice! i aimed for the ancient shard and i got it today so im happy. Didn't have enough days of exp boost to get higher
i think i had about 5 left after the BP, they're long gone now though
exactly, and the first thing i said was for someone who isn't even level 60 yet like OP, it's going to be useful
they make more money if more ancient shards are pulled before the x2 event. Also, where did you hear this?
i'm not talking about new content, OP asked when will there be another fusion, i simply commented that there is literally one going on right now
i too would like x2 ancients. But it doesn't matter this much does it? if its another week or two, that's just more time to build up your shards isn't it? I really wish they would revamp tournament rewards, the amount of energy and sometimes gems it takes to get the last few milestone rewards is too much. The lego book and sacred shard in the training event was a nice addition, a few more events like that would be nice too.
I've never known a game where so many of it's players go through the effort to say how shit it is and how much they hate it, yet they continue to play. And there are even some that post on here that say they don't play anymore, but still visit the sub? Genuine question to those people, why don't you just stop playing? If you don't like the game that much, why keep playing it? It's about having fun after all and if you're not getting any enjoyment then you should just pack it in
so funny that people are fine insulting other people that they don't know for how they spend their money
need to do the same for Stew too
anything before spider 15 is mainly about constantly nuking the spider lings down, so CH doesn't help too much there but she will definitely be useful. Apoth is good there just to give speed to the rest of the team, to allow them to nuke more often. Him being at 50 is fine for this, but you will want him to 60 at some point.
there are some good rewards in the tournaments in my opinion. Summon rush is obviously just the biggest whale contest. Training event isn't too far behind but there are still some decent rewards available
when did Plarium ask them to keep it secret?
isn't putting your main damage dealer in the lead spot a bad idea?
that's odd, i would expect you to lose a lot of posion stacks with her taking the stun
odd. I'd say the ones where frozen banshee is the leader are a bit too big of a gap, the rest are pretty normal gaps, especially for UNM. It can be pretty unforgiving. Are you maybe missing some accuracy to land attack down?
is CA that game changing if you can 2 or 3 key UNM?
ex wife*
it said you have 7 days to collect
the boycott would hardly even register as a blip in their income. The people on here saying they were not going to spend any money represent a tiny, TINY, portion of the player base. 1 Whale's spending would more than easily cover the money lost from the people on here who didn't spend. the vast majority of players wont use reddit or discord so they would have had no idea about "dracogate" at all, and they wouldn't know anything about no spend March.
i've done the same, but i've got 9 level 40 champs too, so when i rank the 30s up, i can do the 40s immediately. Really hope this x2 comes during the training event
not all of them, a couple maybe, but not many. And even then, do you think this boycott would stop them from spending? I don't think i've seen any whales coming here for recognition, they wouldn't get recognition, just insults from this community. Anyway i'm going to stop replying to you, you're clearly a troll
First of all trying to compare how good Athel is compared to warmaiden and Reliquary Tender is a bit pointless as they do very different jobs. Coldheart is top tier in Spider and fire knights, but can be outclassed every else. She is also terrible in campaign and arena and pretty crap in clan boss. Kael does better in some areas than Athel does and vice versa but they're pretty close. Im 150 days in, my Athel gets more use than Warmaiden, Kale and Reliquary Tender combined. I use CH in FK and spider, and Athel in Arena and Campaign.
yea that happens
im pretty certain they won't go up in price until you start spending again
Outside of the rares only tournament and faction wars my Warmaiden sees no action, thanks to Stag Knight
with 5 champions all at 60, with masteries and decent gear from campaign you should be able to farm a lot higher than dragon 10-11. Spider i would forget about for a while, try to get just the correct mainstat on the jewellery if you can, i wouldn't farm it outside of a mission for it or a tournament etc.
i was quite lucky with 60 gems and an ancient shard - not that i can ever open it without x2. &amp;#x200B; i kept 1 piece of gear, divine life set shield, with speed, accuracy and hp%. Not fantastic but worth keeping. &amp;#x200B; Everytime this topic comes up i say the same thing, the rewards here are pretty shite, but i farm arena for the great hall bonus so this is just extra. &amp;#x200B; Would still be nice if it was better, even guarantee all 5\* gear, then i get more silver at least
this should be the path that a new account takes: level 60 campaign farmer. 4 more level 60s that make a decent team. Farm decent gear from campaign, 5* with correct mainstats like speed boots, def/hp% on chest and gloves, maybe crit % on a damage dealer depending on your team. At this point you can gem 1 champion's masteries to make the rest of the progression quicker and easier. But these 5 champions should be capable of farming mino 15. It is a little champion specific, but i believe my first mino 15 team was Apothecary, Kael, Athel, Reliquary Tender, Warmaiden. I got Stag Knight in the middle of doing this, Warmaiden had just gotten her first T5 mastery when she got replaced for Stag. I did however gem Kael's masteries.
hey i got the same, 1 ancient and 60 gems, i kept 1 piece of gear, epic shield with speed, acc, hp%. i don't play arena for this chest so i'll take whatever they'll give. Would be nice if they had someone in their company that actually played their own game, then they'd realise that 4* gear from G4 is complete shit, i don't even check it anymore. I could get epic crit damage gloves with speed crit damage and acc/def% and they're getting insta-sold doesn't feel like this would be hard to change either. Surely it's a pretty simple job to just remove all 4* gear. Would also be nice to be a guaranteed ancient with a small chance to be void. Would 4 extra ancients a month be that groundbreaking?
still an insanely good team though, despite no valk and draco. Congrats though, still really good. Our clan unlocked UNM today, i can't even 4 key it yet
lots of people are recommending stun artifacts
don't underestimate her, she looks solid, will help a lot of people get Arbiter i think
that's a small ass sample size though
well maybe complain isn't the right word, but to comment on how you haven't pulled one in 9 months of playing, which actually turns out to be closer to 5 months of playing, is a bit odd.
40+ ancients isn't very many though. I'm not sure how many x2 ancient events i've seen, but i don't think i've ever had less than 60, and im set for my highest ever the next time we get one, im on 82 right now. I'm not F2P though, but the only place i got ancient shards with money from was the BP, if there was any in there, been so long i can't remember
i'd be so happy if my Infernal Baroness stopped putting a veil on Apothecary while she is on 10% life but could heal from her A1. Lost so many spider 20 runs to that, would be 100% success rate if she would just always use A1
&gt;40 plus every 2x event is a decent amount not if you're expecting a lego, you'd need to go about 4 x2 events before you could really expect one. &gt;battle pass had a decent chunk of blues even then, when i opened them in the x2 event after the BP was completed i must have had only 60ish. I've got more now playing completely F2P ie none from BP or bought with gems etc. &gt;5 a month from shop if you’re lucky Do you mean the actual shop, or from the market? You get 1 a week from the shop for free, and 5 a month from the market. There's no luck involved is there? &gt;4 if you’re lucky a month from arena That's crazy luck right there. 1 every week from the arena chest is really, really lucky.
people seem to think it's just Plarium that do this, but Lords Mobile is the one that stands out with me for being just wrong. First time i saw the ad for it i thought "Wow this game looks fun, wonder what it is........yea i've played Lords Mobile and that ain't it"
i can sort of see the sense in this, if they're wanting to create tiers of arena, so its not just everyone in the same level fighting each other. If you're going to do that, then you'd naturally give the people who spend more on their main more resources, as they're more likely to be able to build a better team and gear them out better etc. The compensation being determined by placement is completely retarded though. i think it's fine to reward big spenders more, i'm sure a lot of businesses and industries do this, but making it so everyone else is completely handicapped is just stupid.
Apo, Stag Knight, Nazana, Armiger, Coldheart. This is the exact team i got my Arbiter with, but i had Infernal Baroness and Lua in place of Nazan and CH, both of them are an upgrade for you. Nazana needs to be in lifesteal, with warmaster mastery. She needs a lot of resistance and defense. My IB is on 3800 def, 265 resistance and 40k life, 186 speed. Armiger is just over 200 speed, Lua was 195. Both have 230+ accuracy, Armiger is just there for his A1, so max crit, he hits like a wet noodle, lowish def and pretty crap Crit damage. This team works perfectly, Armiger keeps the spider turn meter down just enough so that when it's almost about to take it's turn, Lua/CH come in with their drop. Mine only fails when IB decides to use Veil on Apo instead of using her A1 and healing. I came 4th in my spider group, 3300 points i think, i think i failed 4-5 runs at most.
what benefit? do they have their normal account and then get given extra stuff? i haven't read anything about it, i thought the stuff that they were getting given like shards and silver was all they had, didn't realise it was on top of their normal account
I have 2 level 50s, 9 level 40s, and 22 or so level 30s. I really need this x2 event to come before the training event ends, otherwise i have a difficult decision to make
on my account i did this in the level where you find Warmaiden, so i fully booked her while farming food
"negative feedback" you mean memes? i don't think i've seen much negative feedback on here, it's normally rage fueled hate thrown at Plarium
you're saying we don't need 5 meme posts on the front page reacting to this essay thing?
well i don't even think thousands of runs would be enough to confirm any kind of drop rate anyway. I was just meaning that it's hard to know these kind of things as we don't know if drop rates of 6-12 scrolls are different from one another
Not OP, but i was in this exact situation. Kael was my farmer, arena nuker, CB posioner and dungeon champ and he was just poor everywhere as he was built badly. So i moved him solely to CB and Dragon dungeon, then i geared my Athel out as a campaign farmer and nuker. Made such a difference, i have Arbiter now and i can still stay in G4 easily with Athel as my nuker, she does great damage. If you can afford to gear another champion for arena i would recommend it. It's too hard to build 1 champion with high defense for and accuracy for CB, high HP for dungeons, and high crit, crit damage and speed for arena
you can try on discord, but im 99% certain that you're not getting it back, seeing as how it expired
stop leveling so many champions to 40 and 50, get as many 6 stars as you can
spending $60 a month on a game is a no-no But spending that much on cigarettes, alcohol, coffee etc is completely fine. You do you man, too many people on here have opinions on what other people should/shouldn't spend their money on
are you seeing how long BP2 is taking? If you think the first BP was released to "cover up" draco-gate you're either naive or just plain stupid. Also, nothing happened after draco-gate. A tiny portion of the community got their knickers in a twist and vowed to not spend money for a month, meanwhile the vast majority of the player base who had literally no idea that draco-gate was going on just carried on spending.
you only miss them if you actually see them in the market, if that makes sense. 5 will appear in the market for you to buy, you cant miss them by missing reset. Only if you refresh and 1 is there and you don't buy it will you miss it.
i've played a lot of the recent good single player games like Horizon, God of War, Last of us, Uncharted 4 etc and as good as some of them were i wasn't playing them for a month. So i'd need to buy them more than once a month. Also, if people like this kind of game, there isn't any AAA title game that offers the same is there?
well that's a weird reply. I don't know any whales and none of my friends play this game. I'd love to hear your "evidences" as to what happened during dracogate, because there is no way the impact was anywhere near what you are making it out to be. Even if you know 10 whales that didn't spend for a few weeks, there are plenty more whales in the sea to take their place
nice pulls! I got double legos in a 10 pull too, Warchief and Brakus so not amazing
and you think people posting that on this sub is going to do that? As far as i'm aware Plarium have been told about this issue. I know that HellHades has said he's passed it on to them, i'm sure some other content creators have mentioned it in videos and hopefully after doing things like Gold rush and Affinity cup they can all agree that it's difficult and take the issue to Plarium
it's literally free stats in terms of great hall bonus and arena tier bonus. But you do you, it's your game afterall
i can't stand Tswift, he's a twat. But i didn't know he was a booster, he normally seems to lose out to boosters in all honesty
bitch please
he's a trooper alright. He sounded rough at the start of today, probably expected from how much he's been talking, and probably drinking, but he sounds fine now
where is the not so serious team?
that's not even close to being enough to expect a legendary
i pulled him this x2 event too, he's going to be in my vault for a long time i think
wtf he's just started? he already looks knackered i thought he was nearly done
someone said Stew pulled one but i don't know if it's in a highlight vid or not
don't think he's burning through chickens, you get more points for leveling food than ranking them up
well he got a Duchess so he's not that much of a loser. 2nd place would be the biggest loser i guess
i think for a lower level account MM is much better than SC. Saying that there will be a point where SC is needed to push on in CB
I kept 5/6 of my relentless gear i got for winning the IG tournament. Gloves were Crit chance with a crit damage sub stat and boots were speed which was really nice. Getting close to being able to gear CH in relentless i think
and some people are keyboard warriors who come to reddit just to be a dick
yea but by using chickens you cant level your food before feeding them. 1 run of 12-3 with 3 rank 5 food is like 30-40 points or something. Using chickens loses all that
yea you're probably right. I think it was 6 points a level at rank 5, and you can probably get to level 8 or 9 after 2 runs. Thats a minimum of 42 points per champ for 2 runs.
right cos you can't play the game with what we get everyday but this extra energy refil, CB key and arena refil would mean we could.
hol up. This community lost their shit when the plat arena rewards were announced as it only benefited a tiny portion of the player base. Now people are complaining that a champion that impacts even less players hasn't been released yet? Can you actually imagine what the response would be if tomorrow they released this champion as the reward for completing faction wars while we're all waiting on much more important things to be released? I know we like to give Plarium shit for how bad they are at just doing anything, but complaining that this champion isn't out yet is just crazy. How many people have actually done all FW? I bet it's still single digits if people, and i wonder what the combined money spent on each account is.
i think you missed a 0 off your 100's there. If they have the money to do that and want to do it to get Duchess and he gets her, then yes he's a winner.
not at all, but your post is completely moronic.
you can get Arbiter in 5 months as F2P easily. I don't think a F2P player will ever complete FW. The best known F2P account i think is BGE's and im sure in one of his videos he mentions that he's no where close and probably will never complete it.
i'm not saying she shouldn't be the reward for doing it, i just think this is the last thing they should be releasing. We need void tower, BP2, fixes to arena, new CB etc. I didn't care about the Plat rewards, i would never get them so it didn't bother me. People say that it gave the "whales" in Platinum an even bigger advantage, and maybe that's true, but if you're up against a whale in any aspect of this game, chances are they're going to beat you anyway.
you're joking right? Please just go into every big streamer's twitch channel, or discord, or youtube channel and ask them how far they are in FW. I think you'd be surprised that you'd find people that have spent thousands on this game, or 10s of thousands, have played for over a year and aren't close. EDIT: &gt;it is exactly the same mission as Arbiter this is actually blowing my mind
huh after rereading it, it makes perfect sense to me. Which bit don't you understand?
you still haven't told me which bit doesn't make sense or is nearly unintelligible, meanwhile i copies a sentence that you wrote which literally makes no sense at all.
he never said he got that in 1 week. It's quite amazing that you not only made this comment, but then so many people upvoted it. Do people just not read stuff on here anymore and simply upvote and downvote based on what everyone else is doing?
i've spent less than £50 on this game, i'm not afraid to admit that. Weather i had spent £0, £50, or £5000 wouldn't matter. This sub is still obsesed with telling people how they should/shouldn't spend their money
that works for tournaments, dungeon diver event points are half that of tournaments
it's like i'm reading my own comment, this is exactly what happened to me. I was about to make Infernal Baroness my force 6*, was just about to get to the ascend missions when they announced a x2 ancient event. Pulled the last rare i needed in that event. Ended up getting baroness to 60 anyway to get through spider 20.
nah i've spent less than £50 on this game, wouldn't spend any money on any kind of takeover, i can see why some people do it though. Looks like the Tswift fans are out in force today though. Can't fathom why anyone would be a fan of that scumbag but each to their own.
that's why i said for where the game is now. When the game was launched im sure it would have been easy to get to silver in that time. Heck i've been playing for almost 6 months and when i started it wasn't much of an obstacle for me. I think i was on that missions for about a week but i had neglected arena a lot before that. As for the potion mixing one being a sinkhole for energy and silver, that's the way some missions should be. It wouldn't be very challenging if they were all things that you could do in 1 energy refil
yea i know, but it's the Tswift fans that are upvoting and downvoting.
what do you expect them to do? they told you that a mistake must have been made when it was set up and that they can't influence it as it's an automatic system.
so you want to complete an event without spending any gems and not having to play that many hours over a week?
&gt; same repetitive task over and over, for a chance to get a virtual item. so you don't farm dungeons at all?
there is so much shit going on in this game that Plarium clearly just can't keep up with. Things like fixing arena for newer players, void tower, use for dupes, new CB, BP2 etc etc You would think, at the very least, they would say something like "let's make tournaments and events more rewarding to give the players something to stick around for" Their business model just seems so bad to me. I understand that like a lot of mobile games it's about getting new players coming to replace the ones that leave but with the amount of negative publicity they're getting they really have to be doing something to stop players leaving. Stopping shite tournaments like this would be a good place to start. About 5 hours in and i'm already on the 3rd reward. I'm going to be doing arena for the next 4 days anyway but it would be nice to be getting extra rewards as i go.
Turn meter doesn't shut down the IG, his attacks hit like wet noodles. It's his counter attack at certain thresholds that do the damage.
huh?
that's my point though. Keeping players with them at the moment is what they need to do. Basically every youtube video put out on Raid is negative at the moment, as is most of the stuff in here. It's less likely for new players to pick the game up, so they should be working extra hard to keep current players happy.
and that's the only one that hurts. His normal attacks do nothing, and with or without turn meter reduction his counters are still going to hurt. If anything i think Alure hurts you more than helps you in IG, the more AoE/hits onto the boss you get the more likely you are to wipe.
My Arbiter is slower than that and i have no issue staying in G4, even with a 1 man defense. Do you pick your battles properly?
this is so common everywhere. Not just mobile gaming companies, you get it on reviews for everything.
the probability to get something good is low because there are more bad champions than good. There's nothing malicious about it
you should just grind Mino 15 instead, shouldn't be hard with a fully mastered Kael. That's much cheaper in terms of gems and you get a lot of silver from running it too
see that meme so often. Legit the first time it's made me laugh. Don't worry though, he scored against us in a training match the other week too
Darth and a few people on reddit, or hell even everyone on this sub, not spending for a month will make literally no difference at all.
if you think that is going to make them release some content or fix anything then knock yourself out. I can't see it changing anything
Dimaga was there too!
it's pretty quick to swap with drop and drag though
Whales will get to G4 a lot quicker than 11 weeks won't they? I thought it was 11 weeks without refils? Also i love that anyone who spends gems = Whale
situational. Tayrel is better in CB, Stag is basically better in dungeons due to the AoE attack down too. Tayrel has the added bonus of turn meter drop for spider, but the attack down on spiderlings can help so much.
there are FAR more than 20 champions that you'd want at the start of the game
i like it, i can do all dungeons on stage 20, stay in G4 easily, CB is a bit weak can only, at best, 2 key NM. Can't progress without a top tier CB champ. This gives me something to do. I've pulled my Umbral and Brakus out the vault to try some different arena teams. I have 2 nuke teams now i'll try something different. I just don't get the 5 tokens. Why not make it 10 a day? i dunno if they were worried that more casual players wouldn't be able to use all 10 a day or something? 5 just seems odd.
the whole thread is about early game, that's what OP asked for. You telling them how many champions are useful at endgame isn't really helpful. He was asking what is one of the best to get at the start of the game, either hypothetical or maybe he wants to buy an account with a certain lego already on it. Either way, there are far more than 20 that you "want" or "have to use"
best off posting this in discord on the suggestions or contacting them directly. Posting it here offers nothing really
and you keep playing?
First of all, i want to say that i like the actual idea of it, i like having to pick 3 different teams, it's more fun and interesting than me being in gold 4 and doing 250 odd attacks with the exact same 4 champs doing the same moves in the same order. But jesus how can they release such........stupid? things. The fact that the Bazaar will be here in July (from what they've told you.) at that point no one will be in G4 or even G1, and yet they've shown us these rewards for all tiers up to G4 that no one is going to get? How thick does that make them look? just mind blowing. And the 5 tokens a day, whats the harm in making it 10? i suppose then that the people willing to spend gems just pull away from the rest quicker as they can get more per day through refreshes.
haha that's good too.
no, cos i don't get it
can you see that from the other side though? If a gamble wants to play a gambling game and downloads this because it's mobile gambling i don't think they'd be too happy. I'm just curious about the fact that so many people seem to dislike or really hate this game but still play it.
i know people really hate Whales on this game and think they're all sad, pathetic losers, but if the most expensive pack is $10 you're not going to satisfy those Whales. This game is free for everyone to play because of the whales. I get what you're saying about cheaper packs, but they would make no where near what they make now, and i know we don't get much content anyway, but it would be even less if there wasn't people buying multiple $50+ packs. I've only bought the BP and 2 monthly gem packs, but i would buy the shit out of packs that were $5-$15 assuming they have the right stuff in. Has to be energy, gems and possibly chickens for me to be interested. i don't think Plarium are likely to change their business model, i can't see them taking money out of their advertising and hiring more devs. And i don't know what you mean by "I see that most do a better job" but as much as people like to hate on Raid, it's easily top 2 in it's category, probably first in all honesty
well there is something like 3-5 purchase limit on packs so you couldn't buy that many. I haven't played Exos but i've heard really mixed things about it. There is still a lot to do in Raid unless you're pretty end game.
Books.....i dunno just how bad the book issue is, i've got 23 epic books and 10 lego ones left, Rhazin is fully booked, Arbiter is only missing the 3 off her A1. I've fully booked Seer, Lua, OB, High Khatun and Tayrel as my only epics i think, Stag A2 is fully booked. Might be missing some but i don't think i am. Maybe i just haven't got enough good champions to book. At the same time it would be interesting to know how different my dungeon/arena/CB teams would be if i could remove those books. I don't think they make as big as a difference as some people think. They're good to have, and i bet some champions actually need them to be useful, especially in CB, but my Rhazin still works in all roles, except maybe CB, if he doesn't have his books i tried 7DS and just couldn't get into it, same with dragon champions and calibria.
no problem, i just managed to watch the first series before turning on the DH qualifier stream, was curious if he got DQ or had to drop out or something
they made $8m last month. How much of that do you think came from reddit? this will have literally 0 impact on Plarium
that volley from Shelvey looked sweet
i thought it that too, dunno how someone can get booked in a PL game and no one knows who it's for or why......... What did Lascelles do that was bookable though? can you be booked for asking for VAR?
"ball wasn't in play" what does that mean? if we're waiting for them to take a corner Lascelles could just punch Grealish in the face and we'd be ok cos the ball isn't in play? Am i being thick or just missing something?
not too far away that one. Just need to get the ball to ASM
what?
Don't think anything makes me happier than Gayle scoring
i have no idea how they treat their creators, as i'm not one. Regardless, being a content creator and telling your viewers to give the game 1* reviews is really strange.
taking a fight for +6 points is pretty rough, it's going to be hard to get promoted doing that, at least for the first few weeks
don't forget the reddit spending strike!
apparently, according to Salt, based on no information what so ever
yikes that's insane odds, can we see the screenshots of this? Cos surely no one would pull the same champ 3 times in a row and not take a pic of them in your collection. Also ask on discord for them to look into it for you, im sure they can check when you pulled certain champs, would love to see 3 of the same back to back. Odds are just crazy
wow lets see them all together please that would be insane
yea, so no where did it say "we have void tower and other updates ready but we're not releasing them so we can make more money"
i don't have any. Like everyone else on here i don't know, i just don't go around spreading shit about things that i have LITERALLY no idea about.
what does that have to do with OP's point that the only reason there is no new content is because people are still spending money?
would be a bit strange if they "expressed an interest" in one of their own players
but we knew they were doing this, they've already told us this was happening.
as a lower league player myself i think this is a bad idea. You're only likely to pick up bad habits from doing this. Vibes bronze to GM series should help with the first few leagues at least
how do you know which ones are "robots"?
some of the comments posted on here..... Why would this be a reason to leave? Serious question, how does this make you want to leave? I get that there is a whole load of shit going on with Plarium at the moment and there are lots of good reasons to stop playing, but how is this one? How does this have any impact on you at all? So this guys dungeon times are now always going to be 2 seconds, it's not like he can actually run dragon 20 in 2 seconds with that team is it? i don't understand Russian so i don't know if it's a hack to get it completed 1 time or if it somehow can be done with those starting champs. If he can now constantly run that dungeon in 2 seconds with that team then it's a bit dumb, but if it's just to get them completed once then why would you want to quit because of this?
how else could they do it? they can't exactly refresh every persons arena list every time someone is attacked can they?
Sinesha would probably be better, make her slower than kael and then she can nuke all the enemies that are alive after Kael goes. You really want a turnmeter/speed booster to go first though. You have a nice lead in Kymar but someone like Apo, Seeker, High Khatun would be good to boost your chances of going first
Very well written piece, good job! Couple of pieces i want to pick up on though. &gt;15-20 keys we lost that month This has to be an exaggeration, right? I can only speak for myself, but i must be well over 20 keys I've been given for in game issues that haven't affected me at all - like the 2 we got yesterday. are people literally losing a key every other day? cos if so that feels like a heck of a lot and something that should really be sorted, regardless of whose end it is on. I don't personally see losing a CB key to be that bad. I guess the worst case scenario would be that you 4 key UNM and one day you lose a key so you don't get the last chest. Is going from the last to second last chest on 1 day really that big of a deal? If that's happening every other day then i guess it is. I'm something like 160 days in and i can't have lost more than single digits of keys due to the game crashing. I've lost games on LoL where me/teammate have crashed or can't get into the game or w/e and end up losing. I've lost GR runs on Diablo 3 because of lag and someone in the party go kicked out. or ripped a HC character because of it. What i'm getting at is that all games will occasionally, unexpectedly crash for people at different times, it's just part of gaming. And yet it's only in Raid that i see people going literally crazy on Discord when they've lost 1 key on CB. Do people really want Plarium using their clearly limited amount of man-hours checking each persons account that claims to have lost a key and rectifying it? cos i certainly don't. &gt;Yet, if they stuff up and accidentally make Executioner, Steel Bowyer, or Seer over powered they squish that bug out with an emergency patch overnight to stop themselves losing money i don't think i was around when any of these bugs happened. I would say firstly that if they didn't squash these bugs (and the one that i somewhat know about is Seer nuking the spider in 1 hit?) wouldn't that cause complete outcry from the players that didn't have Seer? I'm sure if there was a bug that made 1 champion just broken for 1 aspect of the game, there would be so many posts on here about Plarium not fixing it. Also, don't you think having a champion like Seer that can 1 shot spider would make people spend more? either people buying shards trying to get her or people that had her buying so many refils to blow through dungeons? How would leaving something like that in the game cause Plarium to lose money? &gt;events and tournaments are constantly altered and adjusted to take longer, need more resources I don't think anyone would argue that the events/tournaments are generally woeful. However the one we have on now, the dungeon diver one, is really nice. I don't know why they can't get this right. Whatever is going on with content is one thing, but at the very least make the events either doable with decent rewards, or make them need a bit more resource but make the end rewards a lot better. Didn't expect this to be this long. TL;DR OP writes well and makes some good points
what so you can complete those fights in 2 seconds regardless of what champions you're using? And even in arena too?
i enjoy the game too much to quit, other people are happy to chose their reason though. I think if you're actively looking for a reason to quit the game, that IS your reason, if that makes sense.
oh that is pretty serious then. FW is pretty good to clear, lots of rewards there, how can they "hack" the champion summon event though? how can they trick the game into thinking you've opened shards
doesn't the x10 events just completely dispel this? You see far more of the x10 champs pulled during x10
what teams do you use to clear stage 20 of all dungeons?
