I love how Hayasaka shits on Maki in the process of insulting Kaguya. Damn man.
We've got 10 months you know. That's enough time in the story to close anything up. Also, I don't think Miyuki would be that dumb when it comes to a scholarship.
You're supposed to apply for it yourself...
Unless you have a step-mother forcing you to scanlate all these doujins, I suggest you give up.
This looks really familiar. Where is it from?
You sure? Doesn't feel like it.
It's not as insulting if you've already accepted the fact.
Yeah, I mean the male saying normies thing. I skimmed through a bit of chapter 1 and the art style really doesn't look like he has eyes dead enough to say "Normies" like that.
Ok yeah I see it now. also wtf he literally has a harem of 4 girls.
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Antimemetics. My favourite of the bunch.
I can't exactly remember what she did, to be honest.
It's been over a year since I've watched this. I remember nothing about an aqueduct in this anime.
Remember the eruption from Tomo?
We're playing a porn game, I'm kinda expecting no-no words to be par of the course, especially when it comes to sexuality. Anyways, trans rather implies a specific intent to either have the tits or the boobs. It doesn't really account for the existences of hermaphrodites and all those other outliers which can be willed into existence because of fiction.
Congrats man. It's kinda a shame to see that it only got this little upvotes and views compared to what it could have.
I mean, the dude didn't even bother changing his penname.
You know, this could go places. If only she was trying a bit harder.
Thanks for the gift.
Yeah. Akane became really relatable to me over the last few days, since I haven't been going outside much cause of the holiday season. The shut in feeling is there, as well as the vague sense that save scumming/using cheat engine is basically the same thing she's been doing.
I mean, we don't know about that. Like, from this episode, the Cardinal said that he was an unregistered user, so technically she could fuck him over, right?
... Just saying, I haven't read any of the LNs, so please don't clarify anything more.
Having played some of the game this was based on, I can say that the experience of it only made this a whole lot funnier than before. The game really lets you understand the frustrations of the main character, allowing you to sympathise with her more. But at the same time, the fact that dying over and over becomes a mere frustration is hilarious seeing how much she was terrified of it at first. There's also the irony behind how the knights are killing her so that she won't meet a terrible fate against the orcs, but in the end, she's just dying over and over to their hands, so much so that she's numb to the horror of death now. While I do get why people wouldn't appreciate the black comedy here, I think it's absolutely fucking hilarious and I love it.
oooooooooo its the fucker who made suki x suki
It's the internal monologue of a 16 year old. Forgive him.
It's probably some really shitty and obscure otome game. You expect his sister to have good taste? Think again!
All it takes is a single moment to transform a cool beauty into a cute beauty.
Ah, as someone whose been following the translation of the novel, the girls are basically unpleasant to all main protagonist of the otome game. They're also unpleasant to basically all males who aren't high nobles. **Our** MC is the latter case.
Yeah but then again, the current emperor also doesn't seem to have a kid either so...
Hey! He's still alive! That's great. I like him a lot.
I wonder if this is throwing shade at LDM.
Yeah, this was a way better ending.
I need someone to make a witty comment about the title.
Yeah, there's a few more ways to go about things in Dishonoured 2, but it's *always* more fun to just kill stuff.
uh what?
hey where did you get the raws for these?
Ah, this is starting to remind me of kirei cake translations.
So... RD TS PR joined the team? I love this manga. Akira has given up on being the best he can today, so he can be better tomorrow. Except Yonagi won't stand for that bullshit. The play gotta be perfect, it's for Mr. Iwao after all.
IDK? During the Resurrection canon, she was able to stick her hand through an iPad.
Yeah, so that means she can use other photographs, but badly, right?
&gt;I voluntarily go outside everyday to care for your mother, who has been too healthy for 15 years. If you love my releases, please consider donating at sadpanda to support my livelihood. All proceeds go towards offsetting panda conservation fees. Thank you so much for reading!
It's a manga about movies, where else would you see a reference?
I feel bad for Kine and Satou.
Because he doesn't really want to switch with other people, it's more convenient like this.
You ever read that H-manga by Gesundheit?
fuck brain fart
&gt; Maaaaaybe it gets better in the last 40 chapters Trust me, if you thought this was the low point, it just gets worse.
&gt; Qualia the Purple I love this manga, I recommended it all the time. But always, *always*, I have no idea how the hell people recommend it without feeling guilty.
That title shitting on all isekais. lmao
well uh. i know. i fucking know thats what this series is about. but fuck im almost crying
You think I haven't?
The first chapter of CSM already had a better arc than the whole of FP. How bad can this get?
&gt; wanderer's library btw for anyone reading, the library is an awesome place to read some SCP related stuff without the scientific schtick. There's the backstory of Abel and Cain iirc.
&gt; SRAs You've got to explain that SRA means Scranton Reality Anchors. And they function pretty much what they sound like.
And *that's* why they call her the Princess.
Because it's a total mind fuck the more you think about it.
1) Embarrassed for other people to see his/her body. 2) His body changes depending on the day. Gonna be pretty fucking awkward the next time they have pool class.
oof, i see why everyone in HS jokes that dozens of people read this
&gt; Violated heroine (I believe it’s pretty much finished, but the devs keep milking it. Not that I am complaining.) I don't think they're even milking it, just adding more content. It's free, right?
Yeah, it's pretty funny considering he married the mangaka for Sailor Moon.
&gt; That and what's El-Melloi sister's play in the Lordship situation. I thought that she was Kayneth's sis, except Waver supposedly killed Kayneth in the Grail War, so he's now got Kayneth's old title cause the sister was too young to actually inherit it at the time.
So recently some dude has been blasting through these typesets. This is absolutely hilarious and I love how OP Sun Wukong is yet she doesn't do shit.
:thonking: uh, that's not really fair if you guilt trip him into doing something like that.
Some japanese dude just wanted waifus in his darksouls.
"You fucked up on the way home yesterday." I love the wording.
Huh, I completely forgot about that in the manga. I thought it was from part 3, if it was a reference.
Lesson of the day. If you want sex, be direct.
But where are the *boys*? Doesn't set too much of a nice precedent.
&gt; The Lowest Remaining Seed is Mob Psycho 100 seeded 10th. Made in Abyss?
The WN TL didn't translate the atomic stuff to English. It was better that way.
With how strong he is, I'm fairly sure he can tell relativity and entropy to fuck right off.
I like how the biggest threat he used was taking away the ladder. God damn.
lmao. i appreciate the first thing he did was apologize
⠰⡿⠿⠛⠛⠻⠿⣷ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣀⣤⣄⣀⡀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠛⣿⣿⣿⡛⠿⠷ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⠿⠿⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⠇ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠉⠁ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣷⣄⠀⢶⣶⣷⣶⣶⣤⣀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠙⠻⠗ ⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣠⣤⣴⣶⡄ ⠀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣥⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠿⠛⠃ ⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄ ⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡁ ⠈⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁ ⠀⠀⠛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟
To be the best actor is to be *the* Egotistical fuck in a team. I love it.
oof, so thats a lot to slog through to get to the more interesting bits
stabby stab stab basically
Weird religions exist everywhere.
That was.... weird? And also unappealing.
Reminds me of Jagaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan.
&gt; a lot better after the first arc or two. It's still kinda iffy though. Reminds me a bit of Angel Densetsu. I'd fully recommend this for the mind games.
&gt; I will say that I joined in at such a painful moment though The pain of all bingers.
Once the season is over, and you catch up with the manga. Go read the webcomic from start to finish. It's a ride.
&gt; I'm now at Ch.102 and I can't stop this stuff is too good. Congrats, you caught up. And now you get to say "wtf dude" every chapter.
&gt; WOW LOVING THIS ARC. DONE REALLY WELL AND I LOVE HEARING MORE ABOUT THE VILLAINS AND THEIR MOTIVES AND THAT THEY ARENT VILLAINS JUST FOR THE SAKE OF BEING EVIL. Lol? I'm 60% sure you're being sarcastic. I get that people aren't too interested in seeing the villains, I'm the same, but I have to say it's a pretty good arc.
&gt; even though it is predictable And for some reason everyone shits on it for being that &gt;:( Also, go read the one-shot "The One Wish That Must Be Granted, and the Ninety-nine That Can Be Done Without". Juni Taisen is the prequel to that.
&gt; That is so good Hey, someone else that doesn't think Aku no Hana is just teenage angst crap.
For these kinda manga, I don't really care about the presentation of the art as it's the story that's magnificent. I'm actually kinda glad that the art is subpar, so my focus was fully on the words and actions.
&gt;That attack isn't magic, it's physics...
Yeah, it was really good.
They're completely different as far as I'm concerned.
ಠ_ಠ
I mean, that's fair enough though. Mushoku Tensei really only got good near the end of the WN publication, imo.
That is fair enough.
&gt; "Draw your last pathetic card, Beleren!" Considering who the new Jace is, I'm fairly sure that Bolas *doesn't* want this to happen.
inb4 she's just genderbent leo in a less shitty new york but in japan kinda thing
There's honestly not a lot I can say about this, but point out some pages, like the "what does yuri mean" page. Mostly, I [do this](https://i.imgur.com/XVzILTP.gif) while reading. Well, at least in my heart I do.
At least now I know Akin is still ongoing.
Basically what everyone says about this. I really like the slow pace of "normal shounen adventure", though it kinda feels like it's about to be kicked into high-gear like the Magnostadt arc.
/u/JingZooi was your name typed without crossbar I in the credits.
&lt;Kanojo ni Naru Hi Another&gt;
Nah, I'm not. I'm just saying it reminds me of his work.
Niiiiiiiice.
https://mangadex.org/title/36830/magic-artisan-dahliya-won-t-hang-her-head-dahliya-wilts-no-more ... i need a fucking life
soz mate but they never got a house in that one
On the sub? Probably the handful of romcoms that are always talked about. Kaguya-sama, Love is War Go-toubun no Hanayome Komi-san wo Kommushou I only read Kaguya outta the bunch though, but go ahead and pick whatever you want.
p sure its last chappy. /u/snailja go see how it was axed
[[Jace, Wielder of Mysteries]] Basically Labman Jace.
Every chapter with witch hunter
Look dude, not as bad as me saying you read books right to left this morning.
lmao, there's a misunderstanding, but i doubt it matters
And here I thought only Annie was dying. How naive I was.
First chapter I've read in like, at least half a year. Turns out Victoria is a bigger dickhead than before to her sis. The fuck even happened.
No, the most vital thing about Tanya is her mindset. Her bloody Chicago School of Economics mindset.
Oh, yeah that makes a lot more sense. But I was pretty off-put by how vindictive she was being before that, and how none of her team was stopping her.
Fun though.
True, but I never really liked Vic in the first place. Ward only made me dislike her more actually.
Angel Game was the author's previous work. Well, time for a ride. Even if he didn't do the story for that one. Reminds me of Rengoku no Karma, which reminds me I have to catch up on that. oh boi
I don't really expect you guys to though. I have a heavy bias against Victoria because reading Ward from her PoV specifically was incredible uninteresting for me.
4.7. I started reading it as he stated writing it.
That was bloody refreshing. I think I can stop reading it here.
Did Luna from Casshern Sins ever get past the nomination rounds in the previous contests?
How crazy does Dies Irae get? I know someone who played it, then I decided never to play it after he told me there was a chapter that was 30 minutes of screaming.
[/r/animearmpits](https://mangadex.org/data/09bf6a33730a122ee9e64457496d234e/x14.jpg) lmao, i cant stop laughing at this and drawing parallels to dark souls.
Just cause there are kids there doesn't mean its a good idea to bring *your* kid there.
&lt;How to Kill a God&gt; It's a fairly interesting premise. Go give it a read.
#...?
I'd recommend All You Need is Kill as it's really short.
Oh, well. I read "How to Kill a God" recently. There's not much out rn. It's a Korean webtoon about killing gods that go berserk, by writing their name down Death Note style. It's pretty good.
Man, you guys are pumping out these chapters super fast.
Selling your soul to the devil. This is a manga based around that, I feel.
This was a nice chapter, and that's one terrible method of power levelling mate.
All I know about htis guy is that people love his work and all his shit gets axed.
&gt; slowly
I honestly appreciate the grace period given to us before the new rules were put into effect. It helped us get the last of the low effort posts out of our system.
Throw it into one of those "I asked for the real... No I said the *real*... Perfection" meme formats, with the other two images being headpatting and more headpatting.
Eh, he's pretty mentally unstable.
lmao, fujiwara drake meme
At least the meme is still original.
&gt;Sovereign Under the Night Not even Moonless even more.
Why not Cat? Twilight is the antithesis of Night, as we've been told before. So if she takes this...
They're desk partners. Get along, will ya'?
I honestly like it when both sides are genderbent. It's funnier that way.
When you consider *any* pistol damage mod, it isn't.
Wait, shit, this reminds me. Kurias?
Saint probs aint taking it. Tyrant's gonna die if he even thinks about it. And what are the Drow going to do, take it and still serve Cat?
But air density doesn't suddenly change, so you'll slowly shift from one to the other.
Probably, but I thought we were just entering from the stratosphere or something.
Fuck me, forgot Hero Union BBS, and maybe a few others. --- &lt;Hero Union BBS&gt; One of my favourite comedies. This takes a whole new spin on the shounen genre, by making it so that everyone that's a "Hero", whether by isekai or otherwise, gets connected to every other one in existence through a trans-dimensional messaging forum. There's a hella lot of shitposts and jokes here, which I absolutely love. The characters are all adorable and it makes fun of some of the most common cliches that pop up in manga nowadays. It's a shame that it ended, but good things all come to an end. Also, I really need to archive the Chinese TLs of the web novel, since that was removed a while back. --- Left blank for more edits.
After reading 1 chapter, my thoughts are: Fuck it, why not.
I'm pretty sure the correct one to use is the un-capitalized "no group".
&gt;So no one in this world knows they can get super powerful from randomly flipping through books? I think that's the whole point. &gt;And if the nobles are hoarding the secrets to this stuff why are there even any in the library? Pretty sure they just own copies of the book. I'mma just chalk off the fact copies of the book still exists in the library as game logic.
that guys smile creeps me out. like... uh...
The reason no one is tling it is cause everyone who can read it doesnt like it. Author fucked up hard, not your job to clean up his mess.
Imagine if your life was Subaru's.
I thought he wasn't even the MC. She's framed as the main character for now.
aww, how sweet
&gt; chapter 26 Who?
Most aggregators only have chapters that were once free. Which is kinda a shame.
Oh lol, someone was playing FTL.
Honestly, if I were the main character, I'd probably write "fucking hell i want my net back".
For most stuff I read? No. For the series on Manga+ that are there? I'd probably stop reading from MS and JB if I could figure out how to get rid of that shadow at the top of the page.
I'm pretty sure Japan had some form of slavery ages back. That said, I was pretty sure normal servitude was more common among the upper class in Japan.
Yeah, but I have to do that for every chapter. I was thinking about what you said about extensions and what not.
I use FF so I'm trying to figure it out with Greasemonkey. Edit 1: Not working. Edit 2: Kinda works now. Still not really working. Edit 3: Works now, thanks to oatmeal. ```window.addEventListener("animationstart", function(){ document.getElementsByClassName("Navigation-module_header_37C_9")[0].style.boxShadow = "none"; });```
&gt; Shinigami-sama ni Saigo no Onegai o ngl this aint very ecchi &gt;Criminale! rushed ending tbh, give it 1 more vol and best girl wouldve won
Yeah, Kaneda's foresight is based on pure logic and reasoning. The Art of War shtick of "Know your opponent and know yourself". What this ghost move goes after are peeps who act on instinct, like Cosmo did in his fight. Doesn't work to well-trained fighters who can still consider what the opponent is doing after they "see" what they're going to do.
I love how the Princess is throwing a tantrum about *staying*.
&gt;New Game arc I have a feeling this is about Ishigami.
Like uncle, like nephew.
&gt; Poor Fujimiya. At least she still has a chance.
Comrade Myao wants to be an equal with all her citizens. How benevolent.
this is pretty fucking spicy
tfw your soul after death is a chicken drumstick
Every new chapter is the last chapter.
https://mangadex.org/group/452/kirei-cake dude kirei's stuff is on MD
It also splits her off entirely from Cat though.
Yeah, I don't think I've ever heard a burn as hot as: “How hard a choice is it really for you?[...] When did you last make another, Saint of Swords?”
It's that pretty nice mix of a pretty aromantic ending if all you've read recently is romance manga. A hella lot nicer than tragedies, and probably better than most "they they kissed" endings.
You're assuming she has a period every month.
That went from hilariously petty to super sweet. I like this dynamic.
You just jinxed Holo vs Megumin finals
&gt; How the heck did Shirayuki not even make it in?! the fuck? this is one good damn meme
I personally liked his older style more for BLAME!, yet at the same time, I adored the art in Knights of Sidonia. BLAME! was absolutely lifeless and solemn, and his art reflected that.
&gt; I wonder what was the vested interest in the crew learning about this island... Emotional interest. It's obviously linked to Asebi in some way, as well as the fact it's linked to Licorice.
Director/Author? This is going to be one interesting play. The thing about being a director, is that you interpret the play as you see fit, tell the actors that, then they act out whatever they think your interpretation is. I'm really interested in how Yonagi's views will work with that of the actual author of the play.
the fuck she could talk???????
I really want to read a fanfic where Myne is actually supportive and caring of the Shield Hero, genuinely trying her hardest to be his ATK.
Rebranding, new site, hmmmm.
I really wish there was an equivalent mechanic for Storm for creatures.
&gt; Ubel Blatt He said good, not good that turns bad.
I checked, and all it said was Patreon Chapter download, but like, all they let you download is shit they publicly release?
That have 1100 x 1600 on their reader. I'm told by [literally the same](https://i.imgur.com/SzxSdo1.png) guy, it's the same resolution as the download option.
Eh, to me, I just feel like it's only making me look dumber.
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ As far as I can tell, for putting the "download" button for chapters behind a paywall. *Totally* not like the chapters were all completely free to read on their reader.
She can confide with the local god... ^^kinda... yeah that sounds like a bad idea
Melancholic is a good word for a lotta things.
&gt; And now for the "Hello, FBI-kun" part of this program... wait a sec, lemme do the maths... 28 - 16 = 12 ahhhhhh dude fucked up I honestly wonder how a series like this will delve into juvenile issues about early bloomers.
&gt; I didn't think a series could have more filler than Nisekoi. I was wrong You make it sound like you haven't read Yamada and the 7 Witches.
Honestly, I love it because of how we basically all get our enjoyment from the fact she's suffering.
&gt; providing textless files instant best author
All You Need is Kill is a vert short series with only 2 volumes (I think), that I'd definitely enjoy.
rip
Great, now you've read the same thing 5 times.
Newest updates the fastest and free.
It was posted like, twice when last week's episode came out.
I'd suggest jojo, for the explicit reason do that you can take a break between parts.
You've got a good bro.
Dude, shit respawns in this world. They explained that. It's literally Dark Souls but waifu.
She's 21 by my last count. Though I'm a shitty counter. Congrats, we have christmas cake Cat now.
What about the one panel where Maki walked in on Iino and Ishigami? I was rooting for her in the Ishigami Bowl.
I mean, ever since she was first introduced, she's had opinions of things she probably really shouldn't be influencing. The big one I'm talking about is 'letting Northern Procer die so that Good can eventually win'.
She's had 17 years to hit on him. She's just been hitting him.
At this point, I'm just surprised that 20% of the competition has actually watched Humanity has Declined.
The gap closes if she becomes more feminine. So you know, stick to tomboys.
I dislike Garm less than the robots.
&gt;cute loli &gt;i slep &gt;dungeon battle &gt;i ~~woke~~ slep
Imagine a whole deck for fetching lands.
You know what's better? When a tomboy acts cute.
A little nitpick of mine when playing games with a good set movement abilities is momentum. Like, when you go into the grinding from the jump, your momentum suddenly gets cut because of the fact you're going in a slightly different direction now.
I guess there's very few humans in the tsukumogami industry
Oof
Dude, I can't wait for brother wingman route.
so i've been skipping a lotta chapters, only checking in every once in a while this is pretty fucking crazy did he actually move in with her.
Well, found a bug with the flag creator: Going too far in any one direction for pattern selection will just make a bunch of that start/ending pattern. You can also try and rip-off some flag designs from EU4 and Stellaris. It would also be nice if the info pop-ups for the provinces on the map weren't covered by the Tauren dude in the tutorial. There's also no way to skip text.
True, it's also not like you need to play it optimally either. Most burn usually should get the opponent down to 12 or so by T3, so you should be able to win without Ral.
I honestly think my favourite part of this is the typesetting.
[inb4 someone asks "where mono scans at btw"](https://i.imgur.com/9bK1Ibg.png)
i... i kinda derped out
Wow, such a shame that the field of magic development started from *this* dude who probably won't share it with anyone else.
Oh well.... I wonder if the other 95% of the magic quantifies those qualities.
&gt; The relative weight he’s using here is density in g/cm3 . I completely missed this. &gt;the atomic weight is an average of isotopes, not an absolute number At least isotopes have discrete weights based on non-arbitrary factors.
&gt;but there’s no reason for those frequencies to be constant in another world. I mean, this is just saying that the two worlds have the same fundamental laws. The other things are completely arbitrary values dictated by humans.
Is there a prize for the winner? Or is this just for fun so far.
Give a surprise gold to the winner. https://i.imgur.com/XVzILTP.gif
You know, at least I know it'll be wholesome.
Actually, I'd say you're wrong. Only reason I'm rooting for her is cause the author decided to pull the rug from under our feet.
Having read this before ages ago, probs not this.
Can someone tell me how Deathtouch interacts with Lifelink? I'm assuming under most cases this creature only gives 1 life.
&gt; happy ending is almost impossible Best we get is the main character removes killer and says goodbye to the ones he knew.
Thinking about it, I honestly find it hilarious that people hate it because it decided to *not* be step-sibling trash.
&gt; I thought people would like breaking the cliché Read the MD comments. People *really* don't like Yuri.
Defs. I personally use a rather cancerous white so I can easily tell where the 3 is.
tfw a boy is in a girl's house all alone with her. wait a minute
As in, "I can't believe this was so good" or "I can't believe Nisekoi was so shit".
[Jesus that was close](https://i.imgur.com/4uYjzSu.png) 128 v 129.
Now though, he convinces a super-assassin to crossdress as a waitress as his job.
Divinity demon? ~~Death Note demon?~~
Probably another demon's work. The crow was pretty giving, imo.
... In my defense, I woke up at 3am today.
If you're talking about how one side is black and the other isn't...
What do you mean? None of them even tried to talk about Haruki.
&gt;where prez endlessly tries to get MC's attention but he never notices and is too caught up in caring for other characters Personally, I feel this is going to be a case of endless self-sabotage and Haruki never noticing the fact that she's trying to give off signals.
&gt; The new characters don't look like nice people what you mean
Eh, I personally find this class dynamic fine. I'm not surprised that Kei is kinda a loner like Haruki. While I wasn't expecting it, I can understand it. Personally, I really doubt most people's usernames fit them in real life. I made mine when I was like, 9? I've kinda grown outta the namesake now, but I still use it. That said, here's what I think a sociability chart of Haruki's class looks like: Seedy guy The two girls Beauty Kei Haruki Prez I wonder how long Komaki's been waiting for the perfect chance to confess. At least she's sitting next to her crush for the foreseeable future.
I personally haven't read that yet, but did you think this was going to be 100% fluff when this chapter literally has someone cutting themselves?
i think he means plat
good joke
Wait a sec
/u/Shellshock321
Shouldnt this be flaired [RT!]?
Have you ever read Ijoushi no Ai?
Uh, not really, no. But essentially, the MC of this is scared that the girl here will turn into the stalker from that.
&gt; 7. Rengoku Mate, I have a bone to pick with you.
Wait wtf
What is this Majora's Mask shit at the end with the moon.
If they're fucking a lot.
&gt; colonize you? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
my brother
Which is why my favourite Stellaris strategy is to go a robotic hivemind that uses extermination policies.
&gt; Kumo desu ga nani ka? is a fun one (not very serious but cameos are pretty hilarious) Eh, you won't really get why people like this novel so much unless you've read other isekai novels before. It takes the core of isekai and utterly guts it and repurposes it into something rather unique. I honestly loved it because of the stark contrast between it and generic bullshit 12356216.
&gt; Tilea's Worries Reading this right now. Don't read it if you can't stand absolute retard main characters.
This is amazing.
Eh, not really. Also, we breathe oxygen *because* it has those properties. It'd be pretty dumb to base our internal energy system off a resource that doesn't have a lot of potential energy.
&gt;Plus it precedes kumoko, so it has that going for it what did i say at the start about "reading other isekai to appreciate kumo desu ga"
Isn't this the first time she's been ~~harmed~~?
&gt; I don't remember anything particularly edgy in kumoko Yeah.... you should probs leave it at that. &gt;If you have no sense maybe, pacing is shit in kumoko Pacing is shit in every web novel dude. I'm just glad kumoko is creative with the story telling.
&gt; then her fighting against dragon god. this is literally the latest chapter. what do you mean there's no edgy shit in kumoko, she literally eats people.
Monkey's Paw lads. If you ask to get younger, make it so you're old enough to get laid at least.
Keep telling them in an extremely unambiguous manner until they get it. Others could learn.
[tf is she](https://i.imgur.com/BnO9Pre.png)? [hibiki??](https://mangadex.org/title/21108/hibiki-shousetsuka-ni-naru-houhou)
i cant be the only one who thinks that shinobu went up a few tiers as a character from [this panel](https://i.imgur.com/E3WnLwB.png), right?
You know, I wonder what kinda ghost he is. The ghost society also seems pretty interesting.
Yuugami doesn't seriously need help, as he can still function as a part of society properly. Kaori's probably the type to end up as a single mum of three.
You make it sound like he noticed.
/r/whataweeb my brother
Source: Kinetsu no Yaiba chapter 163. Unedited panel.
A jack of all trades, master of all. The world is her oyster and she's trying to share that with Yonagi as well.
Go read it.
Personally, I believe shaft would capture the eccentricity of the characters in a manner that makes them pop to life, rather than the more character focused and intimate animations from Kyoto ani.
Go read Mata Onaji Yume wo Mite ita
Yeah, patientgaming can be because of budget or whatever reason, but afaik as long as the game is old it's good to put here.
That sounds fun
Ajin. Its uh... realistically gritty about being immortal. It has some pretty cool gunfights too.
Bloody hell, that was a Twitch stream from the Gods Above.
That smile....
[Horses be thicc](https://i.imgur.com/gtEUIW4.png)
So what's the new ED? I don't have a Netflix account so I can't really check.
I didn't notice, but that patch of red in his hair is where Muzan gave him his blood.
... Is he indirectly proposing :thinking:
And here I thought it was already morbid enough. Yeesh.
"Hey, this author does some pretty good faces. The ugly girls are actually ugly too." ... "No fucking shit, it was Shiruka Bakaudon. We're in for one fucking wild ride."
It's going to be the pinnacle of suffering.
who cares about crossdressing when you need to monopolize best boi
Well, if you train every day, extremely diligently, for a decade, no wonder you're good. That said, seems like No Group Scans is filled with dumbasses. I wonder if Dr. Ampas Vlains knows about it.
&gt; reach You don't mean to say it won't surpass it?
So, a lvl 20 Wizard who has invested a lil' bit too much into Cantrips for no apparent reason?
A word of warning: This is highly likely to get even more fucked up.
Ahahhahahahahah #ahahahahahahhaha this is fucking gold
Sorry, but this isn't highschool, but isekai themed. Parallel Paradise, for a fellow connoisseur.
Then why tf do they need to go through much bullshit if the Miko kid is already born???
The short answer: Yes. The long answer: Yes, but no.
I like how you had to clarify, especially since you said *dated*.
It's... probably not going to be a tragedy in the more normal sense of the word.
I personally use the definition from stage plays as my go-to.
Holy fuck, I did not know there was a chapter 2 to that.
So, did you actually check it out?
I have no idea since there's only been one chapter, but normal tragedies don't have lolis being cruelly raped, which is what this author does 90% of the time.
Christ dude, that's some next level planning.
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ probs some esoteric thing that everyone knows about but didnt know actually mattered
&gt; Personally, I'd say it's worth visiting once in your life, then wishing you never ever thought what /u/NZPIEFACE said was a good idea.
Would not be surprised if other people had supernatural powers too.
He used spoiler tags cause they were actual spoilers....
I warned you.
"Ok, you can die now."
&gt; It's interesting that Adjutant is so keenly aware of Cat's needs tho. It's his Name. It's literally his purpose.
You're right. He's always uncannily *known* exactly what Cat was going to do before she did it, but this is the first time that we're told it's his name literally telling him "Cat's going to be there".
"Does my skirt look like a curtain to you? Did you think I was inviting you in?" ngl, i thought she was
I thought it was only bulls that could cum.
"This isn't normal" is probably some of the worst things you can say to someone. Edit: Looking at the illuminati scanlation blog posts [New SoL school manga + Discord](http://illuminati-manga.com/2019/06/25/new-slice-of-life-school-manga-discord/) [Just another day at school](http://illuminati-manga.com/2019/06/26/just-another-day-at-school/) They're really intent on trolling us. Also, there are already 3 volumes so far...
&gt; the reader wants to see the MC dead since that's gonna be the happiest end. This is the most succinct way that I've seen anyone describe the experience of reading Shiruka's works.
&gt; EDIT: Just scanned the timeline on the Jojo's wiki (SPOILERS ALL OVER THE PLACE THERE, TREAD CAREFULLY) and yup, Koichi landed in Italy on 29 March and we're now on the 6th April, so the Gangstars have been going for about a week So it takes a week for Giorno to dismantle a crime organization after joining it.
&gt; I just wish the author would have changed his name. ?
I have to ask, but why do you think someone should be ashamed of their own creations?
Welp
Why not?
&gt; REVERSE RAPE WITH A MACHINE LITERALLY DESIGNED TO MILK YOUR CUM OUT OF YOU Ah, warms up my heart.
&gt; Also I love how Oshie is now in the main manga and not just the extras xD best girl tbh
Now that I think about it, im pretty sure KLK was anime original
&gt;Whodunit lemme guess, Gaoh Ryuki.
yoooooooooo wtf, i thought this was dead. reminds me of hako mari.
I have honestly no idea how last week's winner could be a post from 27 day's ago.
&gt; starts the Bully's self reflection as she discovers just why she has failed to grab the attention of the target of her affection When the other person grabbed his attention as she was prostituting herself and having a mental breakdown, I'd say that there's really nothing here she can actually reflect on.
It's an outlandishly non-erotic high school romcom which tries its best to be erotic.
It's actual sci-fi fantasy. People don't like sci-fi fantasy.
Eh, I understood *why* Tanya did that, as the actual existence of God ran against her own values of what a god should be. He's omnipotent and omniscient, but he doesn't care for the world at all.
I think the best bit is how he's saying it's a good example of what Youjo Senki *should* be. Which is completely wrong because while both are misunderstanding comedies at heart, they go about them from opposite directions.
You obviously didn't enjoy YS. The main reason I enjoy Youjo Senki is through the comedy, which is derived completely from the contrast of Tanya to her surroundings' expectations of her. There is character development in YS, just not the usual type. What character development there is, is essentially just other people realizing that Tanya is batshit insane and learning to deal with that.
&gt; What's the first thing that comes to mind when I lay it out like that? Like a cohesive theme that ties all those points together? Honestly, the first thing that comes to mind is "Saga of Tanya the Evil".
I think the bigger issue is that she's okay with it. Other people may be kind, or they may be massive dicks, but self-preservation should always be somewhere on your list of priorities.
The sub is 90% fluff and 10% this shit. I love it.
Apparently not anymore.
It's not really deep so far, just weird.
Lesson to learn: if given the chance to fuck a ghost, you fuck the ghost.
&gt;Machine Sliced Bread
Yeah I think this is a miss for me
The free cities are pretty honest too. Which is nice.
Mate, if they were paid by other people to put their shit on other sites, they'd have the money to actually pay for servers on time.
Anyone know what the ripped wall poster is quoting?
In a party of games, even the support would be an egotistical dickhead.
It's like watching a train crash slow-mo. You think it might go well, but everytime it looks like there's hope, it gets worse and worse.
tbh, Higyaku no Noel.
Cause we'll get those chapters sooner or later.
This is the absolute pinnacle of fiction.
I mean, they gave him an extra soul.
&gt;Moofie
That face when you have an epiphany.
Oops
As far as I've read.... [Spoils](/s "NOPE. He does realize that Diabolos is a real thing on par with gods in terms of power, except it turns out he's at that level too.")
Her ability is hilariously great as well.
almost 2k upvotes and 9 comments, truly a karma whore smh
Oi. OI!
Holy there's actually a proper post there.
&gt; When you marry your mother who is also your sister after killing your father who was also your brother Wait. Just let me think about this. The mother also being a sister means that they shared the same father. This means that the father is also the father of the mother, meaning the father slept with his daughter. But if the father is also a brother, that means they shared a same mother. But that would mean that someone's daughter was their own mother...
That was a sweet chapter. Now time to dig into the Magic. To examine why Kurushima lost: Fucking Kurushima sucks ass as a Blue player. He could've just you know, left a few mana untapped to prepare his counters and his next Jester. There's no point in trying to push the advantage when you've got a clear upper hand in playing slow. The thing that surprises me the most is how much of an amateur he is at the game. While he had the thoughts of "He can't possibly ramp since that's really unlikely and he's playing Black" is alright, he decided to forego basic strategy and Leeroy-Jenkins'd his win into a loss. This kind of Blue deck, which wins by a combo and not through creatures, is pretty defensive by nature. How they stay alive until the combo is through a mix of counter and bounce cards. This is demonstrated to us when he simply conceded in the second game as he didn't counter the Megrim, and couldn't bounce it. As he wasn't playing any bounces, he should've had a counter card in hand with mana open. Two counters would've ensured him a win, even if he had to take it slow for a few turns as Hajime could only really play two spells a turn due to his land situation. For the card-by-card analysis, a lot of the same was from last chapter, so let's go over the few "new" cards: - [Megrim](https://gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=25631) - Enchantment - 2B: &gt;Whenever an opponent discards a card, Megrim deals 2 damage to that player. I'll say, last chapter when I talked about strategies against his combo, I talked about targetting key pieces through artifact or land removal, but I completely forgot about one of Black's memest decks, *[Rack](https://www.channelfireball.com/all-strategy/articles/deck-of-the-day-modern-8-rack/)*. The modern version focuses less on discard triggers, but more on effects that happen when the opponent has no cards, even if the core identity of the deck is still the same. This card is pretty shit by modern-day standards, since the only deck I can think of that has you discarding a lot of cards is [Hollow One](https://gatherer.wizards.com/pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=430852), and if you're the one playing Megrim... Just play 8-rack instead? Though well, it *is* the perfect hard-counter to Mind Over Matter. - [Jester's Cap](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=3797) - Artifact - 4: &gt;2, Tap, Sacrifice Jester's Cap: Search target player's library for three cards and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library. ngl this is also been power-creeped into hell. It's good, definitely so, as you can search for things in the library directly, without them having ever played it, but it only targets 3, doesn't search hand, and is bloody expensive. Look at [Surgical Extraction](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=397706) or the Standard-legal [Unmoored Ego](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=452962). Look at the costs, the speed at which you can use the effects. It's just you know, straight-up better? Brilliant hate card, too bad times have moved on. - [Wasteland](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=413790) - Land: &gt; Tap: Add Colorless. Tap, Sacrifice Wasteland: Destroy target nonbasic land. I love the simplicity in this card. Too bad it's not in Modern, Pioneer, or Standard, and we're just left with [Field of Ruin](https://gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx?name=Field%20of%20Ruin) or any other variation of Wasteland. This is a very good 1-to-1 trade, since you're always bound to get the better end of the deal. It's nice to remove their key pieces, or to simply stifle them when you're ahead on mana. - [Intuition](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=397633) - Instant - 2U: &gt;Search your library for three cards and reveal them. Target opponent chooses one. Put that card into your hand and the rest into your graveyard. Then shuffle your library. 3 mana "I get this card" for Blue is pretty nasty. I'm glad that it's not in Modern to enable bullshit combos. Tutor effects are always hard to balance. Even letting the opponent choose, and putting the cards into the graveyard so you cannot draw them anymore aren't really downsides, since the graveyard is just another resource. I really don't want to see Grixis reanimator being a thing. - [City of Traitors](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=6168) - Land: &gt;When you play another land, sacrifice City of Traitors. Tap: Add ColorlessColorless. Very good ramp. I may have talked about this in a previous comment, I may have not. I like this because of how you essentially trade your mana situation of this turn with your next turn. And it turns out that a lot of decks don't need the next turn to win, but need the mana *now*. It's like the complete opposite of [Lotus Field](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=467003), which deletes the mana from your previous turns and slows you down, but gives you pretty damn good mana fixing. It's also like [Lion's Eye Diamond](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=3255), which is ramp but trades your hand for it. Note: [Yawgmoth's Will](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=5629) is in the set recently released for them.
&gt; She has a lot of power to call on but that power is finite. I'm sorry to tell you, bud...
But that was in the Vampire set, which was BW colours in the set.
I really don't see how this is different from "grow limitlessly". There's no hard-cap, just the soft-cap of "she'll probably die sooner or later".
Well, there's a few chad memes in here somewhere.
pirate is just ee in disguise, or is ee just pirate in disguise?
Sounds a lot like Venice mixed with Constantinople. Maybe literally?
Does it follow Venice's elective monarchy?
I'm sorry, but this is hilarious.
I've always wondered if readers are supposed to care any more than what they currently do. It's not as if JB is using child labour... using involuntary child labour for scanlation, or anything really unethical apart from the scanlation itself at this point. The ethics of sniping is rather debatable, so I won't list it here, but it can be included. Is it the duty of a reader to care about how we get what we want? I understand that it's nice to show respect to the scanlators, but I don't see why we should really care who scanlates it, apart from personal gripes concerning quality.
I wonder what's with the "Kind of" and "Pretty dangerous" tags.
I feel that this has always been a quandary about opinion, rather than morality nor was it ever a debate. &gt; it begs the question of how much is acceptable. This is exactly it, and is probably the current state of affairs for most people. Though the question I'm trying to raise instead is "Should we even care about if it's acceptable in the first place?" &gt; Iruma Kun was sniped because it was released monthly despite being a weekly series, and MHT isn't English primarily, so for them English wasn't a priority, but when the snipers got bored as they often do, the series went bag to a slog, and there are cases it isn't picked up again at all. The snipers got told to fuck off. They didn't get bored. They were planning to do it weekly until they caught up, but Wicked House raised a fuss. &gt; The biggest concern is people who tread the line of thought, and acting in outright malice like jb will always be looked down on. Worst about jb is they are clearly profiting from this snipe, or predict that they could, as there is little other reason to purposefully spite another team and pay to do so, (though there is a bit of conflict with returners magic) I can see why people would side against the snipers if they're being malicious since it kind of goes against the whole "be nice to scanlators" thing we all agree upon tacitly. I feel the need to point out that some people don't snipe series for profit, but rather purely to be petty or to spite a group. Turns out you don't really need a reason to snipe others.
&gt; She is going to die. I didn't really doubt this since like... Early Book 5? She's been trying to be that mentor figure to so many people now.
&gt; “I was speaking,” I replied, “of the mistake I made. I came in here, you see, expecting you to be one of Hanno’s.” &gt;Meeting the mismatched gaze, the clouded eye and burning blue, I reached out and gently tipped up his chin. &gt;“My mistake,” I quietly repeated. “No, from the beginning you were one of mine.” &gt;The gentleness, I thought, was what unmade him. How does one even fight against such a mentor figure?
&gt; Or maybe she’s going to walk Amadeus’ path and become something else. Considering how Amadeus became a shounen protag... Cat becomes a shoujo protag?
I found this so sweetly ironic considering Cat's past experiences of telling angels to fuck off.
&gt; Are Cat and Hanno a thing? Asking the important questions.
This kinda reminds me of BLAME!
Well, I assume he just wanted to work on this.
So. this is the Yandere Otome one? The issue with even describing them is that they're all the fucking same now.
I have this sneaking suspicion this is going to end up as "I cast punch!" Except the punch is the fucking punch of doom.
I just realized, Lady of the Lake... No wonder Black got Callow. And I think he might just get Praes too.
dude this is amazing
I like how it goes from "normal normal normal" to "what the hell is this fantasy bs" with no inbetween.
&gt;What do you want? &gt;&gt;Donuts. Blood. Halloween. \*silence* I love how she just gives up on their intelligence.
"Why couldn't I be a girl instead if they get all the girls?"
I honestly can't wait for the next chapter after seeing that panel. In the spreads, we saw how she saw everyone on the stage, and the audience too, so she felt she was forced to throw away her own identity to act. Now, all that's left is herself, and the fan that represents her forgiveness.
&gt; She could also forgive him I thought the Aspects she stole were consumable items.
&gt; Bone Daddy That title goes to Bondrewd for me.
https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/14916497
Jesus, that's great. The pure indignance in the gyaru... it's... beautiful.
Eh, I think it's less "he's a moron" and more "I don't really want to be carried by a literal god". Actually, he is kinda moronic.
y r queens all waifus tbh
I can't help but compare this to Heart Gear. This has a much more compelling setting though.
Made by the author of Black Torch. Basically, the last human alive travels with a human-like robot to try and resurrect another robot. It's pretty good so far.
I imagine this is what it must feel like to play a mix of CK2, EU4, Vic2, and an RPG all at the same time.
Cat's just falling apart at the seams.
Eh, I don't know if this is viable. Morale and diplomatic issues aside, is a training arc in the middle of a war fitting?
&gt; If she ends up giving in and taking a bite of that forbidden fruit I’ll be disappointed in her. So you're already disappointed in her?
Oh, that's what you meant by forbidden fruit.
On one hand: Thank god they were doing it so early in the morning. If anyone overheard them, they'd die of embarrassment. On the other hand: They were doing it near the nurse's office.
&gt; Sorry for anyone who woke up today looking forward to reading the final chapters of Mother of Learning! Thank you.
&gt; Reincarnation no Kaben yay. i can show my love.
*cough*
Wow, they're systematically taking her apart.
I like Hiro, like instantly. This is mainly due to the main character's dumb as fuck attitude towards her, but I like how stubborn he is at chasing her. Though it seems like it's already a famous thing at their school.
You gotta admit though, she's pretty savvy.
[*oof*](https://i.imgur.com/xbRTSJl.png)
What the hell even is this clusterfuck. This could be a whole romcom.
Darwin's Game. It's being scanlated by kirei cake.
&gt; Fuck, this is just brutal. It would've been equally brutal to see Tancred absolutely ruined by the realisation of what Pascale's existence meant. The fact that the Heavens deemed someone in the same circumstances as you a Name to heal people? It would've ruined him. He thought killing the plague before it bloomed was an absolute necessity.
&gt; is actually an argument against the idea. For her, it needs to be. Otherwise, Tancred would've just lived and died a monster. If acting out wasn't the necessary thing to do at the time, then he was just *wrong*. She failed him while he was alive. I don't think she can take it if she failed him after he died, too.
He's been alive for thousands of years. Any shit ideas he's ever had, he's tested before, and actually kept the ones proven effective stored away as another trump card.
Maybe if he had a few more years. I doubt Tancred, as in literally, "a few days fresh Named" Tancred, would be able to do that. He didn't have the luxury, but at the same time, neither did she. He chose to act, and she chose to pray. The differences started after their pivotal choice.
If she weren't so good at her job... Tancred might've thought her incompetent and thus would've been still alive.
&gt; I hope they can get to the depths of this at some point and Cat ends up giving Scorchio's aspect artifact to Pascale, letting the boy live on in the last way possible. It turned to dust and crumbled in her hands. He never had time to form a proper Aspect.
When I just finished the chapter, I kind of did too. But after thinking about it, I don't. Above's whole thing is giving out free candy on whoever comes knocking. Villains never knock.
That just reminds me of someone with the epithet Tombmaker.
Hmm, I wonder what the two Bloods are going to talk about. I know Hanno will probably talk about the Apostle with her. This chapter was also an info-dump of the politics and the major happenings in the world right now. Northern Procer - War against the Dead King. Rest of Procer - Refugees and tax. Callow - Nothing. Praes - Civil war. Nothing new. Orcs - Influx of war veterans. Drow - Tentative ally of Dwarves. Already fighting their own war against the DK and has taken land. Free Cities - Clusterfuck as always. ... I'm not liking how the world at large is settling into a status quo. This isn't looking good for Cat, especially when we're told that the status quo can't hold.
Callow's accurate situation is a tenuous political peace that's surprisingly united behind the current government, even if it does have its own factions. Which in fairness, is basically the best any country in *our* world can get.
&gt;uploads as chapter 2.5 on mangadex
Thinking about what you just said, Tyrant would've absolutely loved monetizing Aspects. *Imagine the possibilities of microtransactions.*
i simultaneously love and hate the current age of media
The only way this could get spicier is if you remembered this wrong, and the one abusing her is someone she's cheating with.
[This girl needs help](https://imgur.com/FsHzjOH). Edit: used imgur mirror this time
&gt; Helps raise a child for 6 years. &gt; Ends up being mom'd by her. I call that an absolute win.
&gt; because in more than zero cases the devs actually did something based on a single player’s feedback (Universal Medallions and Conclave) This pains me to remember. &gt; Here’s a part of it on why their API is wrong Is it bad that I was laughing at how cavalier you are? Like you said, DE kind of fucked over Gas builds and made Viral king. I'm of the opinion they should just finish Damage 3.0 and rework status again so it's actually balanced. I feel that rivens as a whole should be an issue that should be addressed last. At the core of its design it relies upon every other damage system that we have. Fixing how rivens work now before changing how status works (again) will simply require DE to fix rivens again. &gt; DE is well-known for nerfing new and popular weapons’ riven disposition shortly after their release. While I feel the same, they did say this in the post that was linked "numbers are determined using a combination of player usage statistics and an internal power ranking that we maintain, and we will never change any disposition by more than 0.2 (aka 1 pip) at a time." I haven't actually seen them break that so far. Though well, that was 2 months ago, so no real chances to, I guess? Another thing to take into account is... they're new weapons, so of course people are going to use them a lot. I don't know whether DE actually takes that into account when nerfing their riven dispositions, but it is rather obvious that the playtime for new weapons is going to be much higher than shitty weapons no one ever uses. &gt; There’s a very simple and completely obvious solution which lies in simply increasing the chances for you to get good stats like +Damage, +Multishot on rivens by around 10-20%. I personally think a better way (though much more complex), would be to allow the players to control the RNG of the rolls somehow, like PoE's fossils/oils/beastcrafting/whatever-new-league-currency system. It allows for much less frustration on the player's part when they can actually aim for something. &gt; It started off with the Impact stacking rework blunder that was thankfully prevented by the community Why... why isn't Impact just this? Is ragdoll that much of an issue? &gt; The riven system arrived in the days of the small meta that included Soma, Tonkor, and Simulor. This just makes me salty. I should've sold my Soma riven for 2000p before disposition was a thing. It's +dmg +cc +tox -zoom.
Next thing you know, Genos is going to be Armored Core.
&gt; The choice can be Bad Isekai manga vs. Bad shoujo romance manga. This is too real.
She is really bloody [cute](https://imgur.com/RO7aUIu).
Imagine the next arc, instead of having Himmel's death... "12 years have elapsed since Fern's passing."
I really like the name of the scanlation group. They're certainly going places.
[Suitably salty](https://imgur.com/wjX8XfW). Bloody hells, how is she so [cavalier](https://imgur.com/iikyuO6) about this.
It is sad, but her attitude towards what she's doing is also... I can't put it into words, but "Oh, does this not work anymore?" doesn't sound like she's being sincere about the fear she has for any punishment.
I'm assuming that it's a suicide note, just with different contents. I'm also fairly sure they're allowed to change the future, considering the nature of their job. They're just not supposed to fuck up the time line.
woops. Chapter 14: &gt; I want to be a girl. tfw new genre Considering all the supernatural stuff. Maybe, just maybe, aliens do exist. ["Transistors are cuter."](https://i.imgur.com/k0WzK0N.png) You tell them! Darlington Pair-chan best girl. Where's my [ghost robot](https://imgur.com/GcoL71i) waifu. No, wait a second. Shit. Fuck. He's a guy on the inside. I didn't say that. When you get [NTR'd](https://i.imgur.com/htTQCCE.png) by the newest iPhone. --- Chapter 15: It's cute to see how much Giko worries for her health. Though understandable, considering what happened to the last girl who he knew that got sick... I'm amazed she managed to take a step by herself. &gt; If you help me, I'll take you to the girl's changing room. Giko really is a pervert? No dignity. &gt; ~~At this rate, she might be able to get better on her own.~~ That's heartbreaking to read. Wait, was the ghost girl following her alongside Giko? Is that what she saw behind the Doctor? I wonder what kind of dumb stuff that she's called Nonsense Girl.
&gt; Hell yeah, a loli. bruh She's starting to see the unseeable and see what's inside of hearts. this is some touhou level bullshit power upgrade. ... and apparently the future to. [is that a kiss](https://i.imgur.com/dCKhL8b.png)? i wonder if hebiko is going down the demon route
&gt; Would Giko's possession of the robot count as genderbender? Yes. &gt; I don't think Giko has once ever encountered a normal girl. No wonder he's so vexed by them. There's the Academia Girl. She was pretty normal before and after meeting Giko.
&gt; Aqua... That's such a high-level stage name. I'm sorry, but his mother is just plain dumb-dumb.
When have either of those ever won against transfer student?
14 and 41 are the same numbers, right?
I thought [he was the stoic](https://i.imgur.com/XygAboT.png) one. lmao oof, [her face](https://i.imgur.com/UaZU4Cz.png) when he rips it up after *she* tells him its perfect. what the fuck dude
&gt; no emotion serous guy srlsy? [the goat is born](https://i.imgur.com/XygAboT.png)
&gt; I guess Chainsawman isn't the only one with a chapter where the characters bond through barf. We're entering a shounen revolution, where instead of the power of friendship, we have the power of mutual barf.
MU has this under Harem.
gdi now i cant unsee
decently badly? but at least it ends?
welp, this was a... ride. not even that wild. but it was a ride.
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ welp, there goes dramatic tension?
[100% absolute best girl](https://i.imgur.com/vLO2BWE.png)
[tfw your bf calls you cute](https://i.imgur.com/ZF3o9Qi.png)
"I could be playing Splatoon all day" isn't really the best argument to have.
[Doesn't she just end up listening to him anyways?](https://i.imgur.com/MypRHbL.png) Oof, she's playing on the toys hard because she couldn't in her last life.
The cat obviously doesn't know what genre Yabuki writes. It's going to happen either way.
Nah, it's transforming to Kuroyama Pseudo-Harem.
That was short.
at least they won?
RIP Aspire. This Byaku guy seems pretty OP. Too bad for him Angie is more hax. Oh right, she was adopted. I think the Fog brings up past injuries and makes them feel new? Not too sure, it's prett weird.
RIP. Roots is a genius. Let no one change your mind about that.
&gt; Getting throat slit -&gt; Reputation in Dukedom goes up. I see a clear correlation between being harmed by external parties and reputation. She sure does like playing Pokemon.
tfw her yaoi alarm is activated
[tfw you fuck up.](https://i.imgur.com/CMDnBMx.png) also rip striptease its falling apart. the first splinter state is awkward scans
I'm really not sure what to say. Kanou just got outplayed like mad. He did well, but there was basically no way to win in his situation. Kyuu was playing reactively, but he just played better and his deck kinda just worked well against Kanou's. RIP Yakumo. The amount of cards is getting fucking ridiculous. Cards: - ##### [Fog Bank](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=5753) - Creature — Wall - 1U: &gt; Defender, flying &gt; Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by Fog Bank. &gt; P/T: 0/2 Walls, which are a creature type that are now obsolete due to the existence of the keyword [Defender](https://mtg.gamepedia.com/Defender) which was introduced in 2004. Walls can't attack. This means that this card is a perfect blocker as it can't ever die. Well, unless your opponent is playing a Trample deck. I like the flavour is naming a card that negates combat damage *Fog* Bank. - ##### [Faith Healer](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=5829) - Creature — Human Cleric - 1W: &gt; Sacrifice an enchantment: You gain life equal to the sacrificed enchantment's converted mana cost. &gt; P/T: 1/1 &gt; *The power of faith is quiet. It is the leaf unmoved by the hurricane.* My first thought "This card is pretty shit. Shit or jank." And after looking around a bit, I don't think anyone really plays this apart from EDH enchantment/aura decks. There are certainly some good cards that go with this, like [Bruna](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=240208) or [Hatching Plans](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?name=Hatching%20Plans). But those weren't even released when this card came out... So, I went digging through all 159 [enchantment cards in Urza block](https://scryfall.com/search?as=grid&amp;order=name&amp;q=type%3Aenchantment+block%3Ausg) to see why exactly this was made. That's a lot of enchantments, even Theros block, the block that had Enchantment Creatures only has 156. I guess it was just made as a sacrifice outlet? - ##### [Arc Lightning](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=5733) - Sorcery - 2R: &gt; Arc Lightning deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three targets. &gt; *Rainclouds don't last long in Shiv, but that doesn't stop the lightning.* Yikes. This spell isn't that good, it has a low mana efficiency of 1 mana per damage, and it's not even instant speed. At least it's modal... To see why I'm complaining about this mana efficiency, see (1 damage) [Gut Shot](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=397673), [Lava Dart](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=464083), [Searing Blaze](https://gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=193982); (2 damage) [Shock](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=466914), [Searing Blood](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=378483); (3 damage) [Lightning Strike](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=476108), [Lightning Bolt](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=485315), [Lightning Helix](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=455767). One of the most important things about burn spells is how much they cost. You want to be able to Lava Dart your opponent's Llanowar Elf on turn 1, not turn 3 when they have 12 mana floating from tron, ramp and dorks. 3 damage on turn 3 is simply too low and too *late*. Well, at least it's not the worst burn spell. I can see this being okay in draft, but... - ##### [Disciple of Grace](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=5634) - Creature — Human Cleric - 1W: &gt; Protection from black &gt; Cycling 2 *(2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)* &gt; P/T: 1/2 &gt; *Beauty is beyond law.* There's not a lot to say about this card. You play it if you open with it. If you draw it later, you cycle for something better since this card is probably one of the worst in your deck. At least the art has boobs. Oh yeah, I haven't explained [Protection](https://mtg.gamepedia.com/Protection) before. It's worded as "Protection from (quality)", where this quality can be a colour, type, or even just "[everything](https://scryfall.com/search?as=grid&amp;order=name&amp;q=%28oracle%3Aprotection+oracle%3Afrom+oracle%3Aeverything%29)". It stops 4 things from happening: - Damage from sources with that quality. - Enchanted or equipped by permanents with that quality. - Blocked by creatures with that quality. - Targeted by spells/abilities with that quality. It's useful to remember this as DEBT. - ##### [Pegasus Charger](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=5729) - Creature — Pegasus - 2W: &gt; Flying, first strike &gt; P/T: 2/1 &gt; *"The clouds came alive and dove to the earth Hooves flashed among the dark army, who fled before the spectacle of fury."* —[Song of All](https://mtg.gamepedia.com/Song_of_All), *canto 211* This is pretty useful, though rather expensive for how useful it is. It has evasion and doesn't die *too* easily as it has first strike, but if you're playing against a deck with burn that can ping (\*cough cough Arc Lightning\*) it's dead. - ##### [Paladin *en*-Vec](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=5199) - Creature — Human Knight - 1WW: &gt; First strike, protection from black and from red &gt; P/T: 2/2 &gt; *"Our belief shall be the lance that pierces Volrath's heart."* Decent card. Won't die to a stiff breeze, has a slight amount of evasion from protection, and is rather cheap, though the double white requirement does mean you're probably not going to be playing multicoloured with this. - ##### [Barrin's Codex](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=5735) - Artifact - 4: &gt; At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a page counter on Barrin's Codex. &gt; 4, tap, Sacrifice Barrin's Codex: Draw X cards, where X is the number of page counters on Barrin's Codex. This is alright in a slower format, like draft, which can easily reach up to turn 10 or so. This isn't very threatening, so your opponent isn't likely to remove it if you have other things which can threaten them. If you *really* want to play this in Commander, [Paradox Haze](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=109721). - ##### [Brilliant Halo](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=9890) - Enchantment — Aura - 1W: &gt; Enchant creature &gt; Enchanted creature gets +1/+2. &gt; When Brilliant Halo is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Brilliant Halo to its owner's hand. Well, this is a White [Rancor](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=12433). Extremely good for turning your smaller creatures, such as Pegasus Charger, into things that are less prone to spontaneous death and allows them to deal more damage. - ##### [Smoldering Crater](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=5804) - Land: &gt; Smoldering Crater enters the battlefield tapped. &gt; Tap: Add R. &gt; Cycling 2 I believe this is part of the first cycle of [cycling lands](https://mtg.gamepedia.com/Cycling_land#M_cycling_lands). Personally, I consider the 2 cost to be better than a coloured single mana, as this allows for a far more flexible mana base. Cycling lands are great because they're never really dead draws late game. You don't want to draw them, but they're hell of a lot better than drawing a Mountain. - ##### [Befoul](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=5605) - Sorcery - 2BB: &gt; Destroy target land or nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated. &gt; *"The land putrefied at its touch, turned into an oily bile in seconds."* *—Radiant, archangel* Conditional removal for 4 CMC is rather expensive, but considering it can deal with *any* land without downsides, it's worth the cost. - ##### [Goblin Raider](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=5701) - Creature — Goblin Warrior - 1R: &gt; Goblin Raider can't block. &gt; P/T: 2/2 &gt; *He was proud to wear the lizard skin around his waist, just for the fun of annoying the enemy.* Hey, it's a bear with an up- wait, that's a downside. Not surprised there's a "cannot block" clause on a Goblin though. Just to remind you all how far we've come since then: [Goblin Guide](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=170987). - ##### [Retromancer](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=5826) - Creature — Viashino Shaman - 2RR: &gt; Whenever Retromancer becomes the target of a spell or ability, Retromancer deals 3 damage to that spell or ability's controller. &gt; P/T: 3/3 &gt; *"If one harm us, strike them in return. So sayeth the bey."* Hey, it's OG [Bonecrusher Giant](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=473077). There's really nothing else to say about this. No one likes being bolted to the face, so this is most likely going to be blocked to death. Expensive, but is a good deterrent to slow down the game a bit. - ##### [Voice of Grace](https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Card/Details.aspx?multiverseid=5635) - Creature — Angel - 3W: &gt; Flying, protection from black &gt; P/T: 2/2 &gt; *"Opposite Law is Grace, and Grace must be preserved. If the strands of Grace are unraveled, its design will be lost, and the people with it."* *—Song of All, canto 167* ... I would play Pegasus Charger over this.
Rikka is [adorable](https://i.imgur.com/pQIUeob.png). what do i live for now that this is on hiatus
&gt; What would Amane do? Go forward 8 years into the future so she doesn't have to deal with the immediate fallout, then die. Genius plan. Turns out she gets a free revive as well.
&gt; It's a bit annoying I'm playing Yonagi as a child, but it's still the lead! Oh, how the turn tables.
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ Welp. That ended.
&gt; Honestly was not expecting that twist, although I probably should have. The name of the series has "time paradox" in it. Wouldn't be living up to its name if there weren't full-on time-travel shenanigans.
I don't know if I feel bad for Crim or envy her. She gets front row seats to this absolute cluster-fuck of a romcom, except she has to live through it all, too.
&gt; who want to drag Frieren down for no good reason =(... People who think OPM, One Piece, Solo Levelling, etc. are the best are salty. Reminds me of people who review bomb when something exceeds FMA:B on MAL.
&gt; The continuation is in your hearts. Thanks for reminding me about [Shinigami Onegai](https://mangadex.org/title/77/shinigami-sama-ni-saigo-no-onegai-wo). I did not need it. No one really wants to face the inevitable despair of repeatedly dying. But as long as it's possible to keep trying, then keep trying. Oh, he copped a feel of someone in a swimsuit. That's one thing off his bucket list.
It's completed in Japan.
Well, that was it. Kind of a decent ending. At least it wasn't a burning trash can. Also, Kei best girl.
It's back! Best asshole JK is back! That sheer arrogance that their work is at the pinnacle of literature. I love it!
Probably, yeah. But unless she has a solid alibi, who are people going to think of when the Demon Lord suddenly disappears?
Thank you for contributing to the discussion here, but I believe you've walked into the wrong sub. Please redirect this discussion to /r/anime. Have a nice day!
Good series = Expensive license And probably a whole slew of other things, but that.
ib: instant bullet
tfw ninjas are just magical girls.
&gt; How the fuck did the fan figure out where AI was twice I think they're different. This one didn't know she had kids. The other one stabbed her gynetrician.
Be nice.
&gt; I really liked the premise of pizzeria tycoon, so are there any others like it?
Yeah, probably. Won't be too prominent though 'cause of low blood pressure.
https://www.who.int/medicines/access/controlled-substances/6_1_Ketamine_Update_Review.pdf WHO Update Review, 2015. Page 13. &gt;5\. Toxicology &gt; *Single-dose toxicity* &gt; Applying the same ratio of minimal anaesthetic dose to highest non-lethal dose to humans implies that doses above 11.3 mg/kg i.v. may be lethal in humans. For a person of 60 kg this is equivalent to i.v. doses above 680 mg. This estimate is based on an experiment with a low number of animals and interindividual and interspecies differences may exist. Yet, considering data from case reports of fatal ketamine intoxications in humans, this estimate seems to be a realistic one.
This is like, the epitome of "I cast punch".
&gt; "Shoot me." "Yeah, Himmel would certainly say that." #BOOOM That's a level of chill I wish I could achieve.
