I used Ike and kept trying to Quick Draw kill her over and over... And over
Join the club. Back in melee a neighbor kicked my ass as pichu and it was the last match we ever played together before he moved. I will never have my revenge.
Assuming that this game breaks Brawl's record, do you think that at least 4.2 million players really consider themselves competitive?
When did we stop calling it the Knee of Justice?
I really wish I could get Awkward Zombie to load on mobile
I ate 7 donuts once. In 15 minutes. I really, really do not recommend it.
Yeah, honestly I’m pretty happy with how the unlocks went this time around. Glad I already got them all.
Nope. The lag in FFA is pretty awful still
Smash Bros and Mario Kart weren't big enough?
This week I got a 9 kill streak with Genji in Mystery Heroes. He is my least played hero. They had 2 Meis. How did I do this?!
Well I also got Xenoblade and Hyrule warriors and a lot of virtual console titles.
"If Mordremoth can attack the Mother Tree in the Grove, it can attack anywhere" -this fucking gnome
Notice how the trailer specifically said “Joker from Persona 5”. I don’t think Persona Q2 is what we’re really pulling from here.
This is how I won one of my very few online wins this week.
I played nowhere near as much as most people here did and I still unlocked everyone before the first patch dropped. Just playing Spirits Board and Classic mode and playing smashes with my wife was all it took. We’re going to be playing this game for years, are we really this demanding of instant gratification?
Personally I disagree. Watching pro players do dragonblades in first person is extremely hard for me to follow
Animorphs had an interesting idea on conservation of mass when it comes to shapeshifting aliens. The excess mass is stored in a subspace-like void between dimensions and the shapeshifting technology that the Andalites developed was largely based on their own warp drive system of navigating said void. Basically, they teleported the extra molecules they didn’t need and reshaped the rest whenever they morphed. One of the books deals with the fallout of a spaceship colliding with that excess mass.
Maybe use Tony from the scene where he tells Cap "I'm doing what has to be done to stave off something worse."
Fire Emblem: The Sacred Stones. Yeah it's not the most difficult or the lengthiest of the series, but it is still just as replayable as any of the other classics. The cast is very likable and you aren't given an insane amount of units to use. It's a comfortable game, especially for the new generation of Fire Emblem fans. Also the spritework remains the best in the series. The reason I didn't say Rekka no Ken is because some of its systems are actually pretty poor. The forced tutorial when you first play the game is just awful to slog through, and paralogue chapters have some pretty bizarre requirements to unlock them. Most of them are not even made clear to you. Also Merlinus... That wasn't a very fun idea.
Just watched it for the first time. So amazing
I see a lot of people saying that the text translations is why trophies are gone, but honestly I think that was the least troublesome part of the process. Trophies are 3D models that are made with no function other than to be displayed and they all use unique assets and need to be individually modelled. Not all of the trophies can be borrowed from other games so a lot of them had to be made from scratch, if not all of them. Making a single trophy model takes far longer than translating its text.
For the Dr Mario one, abuse Kirby. Stand on the left side of the stage and jump up and then hit UpB. Let the Air Cutter pass through both megamen. Just spamming this over and over makes it easy to avoid being hit by enemy attacks.
I feel almost embarassed to have spent some of my life watching this train wreck of a video.
"Welcome to the 40 Thieves!"
So... Let's say you don't use Facebook anymore and haven't touched it in forever and would prefer a different option. Do any exist?
All battlefields have the same shape though and random battlefield is right next to battlefield.
Burn it all down!
I'm kind of sitting here going "huh that's... Actually not incorrect"
Only one rant? Oh boy **For the love of Bahamut please pick something you want your characters to do so I don't have to decide everything!**
That... Is extremely vague. A lot of campaigns start out as a one shot. Up until the brown cloaks you could have been describing Critical Role.
I'm not sure I agree that this approach is necessary, nor do I agree that it is less immersion breaking than inspiration. In my experience you can spoon feed anything a player desires to them and they won't roleplay unless they want to. Sometimes players just aren't that into being deeply creative or convention breaking. Sometimes they just want to roll dice and add bonuses. If you think this will work for your group then go for it, but it seems like a lot of extra DM work to me with no real promise of payoff.
I... Kind of feel like you ignored the actual content of my post and instead chose to be flippant and snarky.
Were these rolls before or after racial modifiers? Honestly if you are going to roll for stats this is the risk you run. If you don't like the chance of getting bad stats you should really use a different stat system Anyways I did the math and if these stats are before racials they are actually above average. Point buy uses 27 points to purchase stats and this array technically uses 32. Even if it's after racials it's still pretty close to what point buy does and he starts with 2 16s. So it's really not that bad.
Ooooooh here we go. **FIREGUARD COMPANY** Fireguard Company was established some 400 years ago by the Great Dragon Raziel. The Dragon saw that many of the nomadic tribes that lived in the lands around Aramal were vulnerable to attack from threats far beyond their ability to defeat, and enlisted a volunteer army of the best warriors to defend these lesser civilizations... for a price. While these tribes were never interested in joining Aramal formally they have still relied on Fireguard multiple times over the centuries to defend them from the darker forces beyond the mountains, enemies such as Thran Yubel Karr, the First Dragon, or demonic monstrosities left over from the Great Incursion. Even after Raziel’s unexpected death 60 years ago the company still lives on under the management of the Dragon’s son Avanatador. Fireguard Company is based on the aptly named Fireguard Mountain, located one week’s travel north of the great city of Aramal. The mountain is the second tallest in the region and the summit gives a glorious view of the grasslands to the south and the tundra to the north. The company’s keep also has a large dam that it maintains at the headwaters of the Avel River. Fireguard employs approximately 500 warriors of great renown and generally focuses on light infantry and skirmishing tactics, though they also partner with the Aramalian Riding Corps when cavalry is essential. While the land surrounding the mountains consists mainly of gentle rolling hills and scattered forests the range itself is long and has been a nest for bandits, outlaws, and monsters for centuries. As such most of Fireguard go through an extensive ranger training program and there are always small groups patrolling the peaks and valleys of the mountains to deter threats from settling in. Additionally the company is commonly employed to escort trade caravans, nobles visiting other realms, and other smaller jobs if the price is right or the need great. As is tradition for Aramal the company favors spears and other similar reach weapons that allow them to keep a distance between them and their often much larger foes. When on patrol of the mountains though most warriors will carry small round shields and hatchets. This is not to say that certain warriors of Fireguard do not favor other weapons and styles (axes are the second most common weapon), but everyone is expected to fall into formation when the situation demands it. Additionally, Fireguard Company shares that same spirit of competition that the rest of Aramal has and nearly every warrior bearing its crest is proficient in hand-to-hand combat. Fireguard represents not only a Great Dragon but also an entire realm. As such you will not find vagabond soldiers and cheaters among its ranks. No warrior is permitted to openly serve in Fireguard unless they are approved by one of the veteran commanders, and those that go over the line are swiftly dealt with. As such every tribe (And later on wealthy merchant and nobleman) knows that Fireguard’s forces are well worth the cost. Fireguard Company are not the only mercenaries that exist within Aramal, but they are the best. The price is high, and some of the cut does go to the Great Dragon’s personal hoard, but the spears and shields are worth it. Aramal has long felt secure knowing that these elite fighters have watched the northern border and spread their legend to the lands beyond.
My mother used to say i was her birthday present. It always confused me because I was born in February and she was born in May. Took me way too long to figure out what she was talking about.
I know in Harry Potter the prophesy didn't necessarily mean Harry. Neville also fit the conditions, but Voldemort decided it was Harry and so Harry became the Chosen One as a result.
Three things 1. What does it matter if he keeps playing barbarians? If he's having fun and not bringing down the game then let him play what he wants 2. no one who has legitimately looked at Bear Totem will turn their nose up at it 3. Why can't he be a violent monk? Beauregard in critical role is a good example of a perfectly violent, brutal monk.
No problem. Hope the game goes well
If you climb the summit of Shrike Peak and wait for the sun to rise you can watch as it comes up over the ocean and bathes the land in a glow. The sky is a mix of soft oranges and blues and it hangs above the plains and rolling hills below the mountain. You can even see the shape of Aramal City off in the distance as its shadow is cast away from the shore. There's nothing like sitting on that summit and watching the sun rise. It's as close to heaven as anyone there can get.
It's actually inspired by the kind of sunrises you see at [Powder Mountain, Utah](https://i.imgur.com/PILqNXM.jpg). I had the pleasure of seeing one for myself years ago and it's stuck with me (photo isn't mine though). Shrike's a fair bit taller than Powder Mountain though. Shrike Peak is the tallest mountain in the region and it towers at 14,411 feet. It'll take a few days to climb and is recommended only for experienced mountaineers due to the dangerous creatures that live on the mountain. However if you survive the climb you pretty much have the whole summit to yourself and the whole world before you. Its neighbor mountain, Fireguard, isn't too far away and on good days you can see the Great Dragon Avanatador flying around it. Aramal was originally designed around my love of mountains, but overtime I gave it more flat land for all of the individual peaks to stand out for themselves. If you've ever driven into Oregon over the Columbia River and looked at Mt. Hood it's not too dissimilar from what it's like to gaze at Shrike Peak.
These games are currently extremely rare to purchase legitimately. They are also very expensive. I think the better question is "what fire emblem fans here WOULDN'T buy a Tellius rerelease?"
"The odd thing is, Harry," he said softly, "that it may not have meant you at all. Sibyll's prophecy could have apllied to two wizard boys, both born at the end of July that year, both of whom had parents in the Order of the Phoenix, both sets of parents having narrowly escaped Voldemort three times. One, of course, was you. The other was Neville Longbottom" "You are forgetting the next part of the prophecy, the final identifying feature of the boy who could vanquish Voldemort.... Voldemort himself would 'mark him as his equal.' And so he did, Harry. He chose you, not Neville. He gave you the scar that has proved both blessing and curse." "He chose the boy he thought most likely to be a danger to him," said Dumbledore. "And notice this, Harry. He chose, not a pureblood (which, according to his creed, is the only kind of wizard worth being or knowing), but the half-blood, like himself. He saw himself in you before he had ever seen you, and in marking you with that scar, he did not kill you, as he intended, but gave you powers, and a future, which have fitted you to escape him not once, but four times so far -- something that neither your parents, nor Neville's parents, ever achieved." (OotP pg 842) Notably Ron, Hermione, Neville, Dumbledore, Voldemort, and Harry have all destroyed Horcruxes. Neville just killed the final one, but it was kind of a team effort.
Dashlan, the Evergreen Blade. It’s a an emerald colored longsword edged with frost that is capable of commanding the very might of Winter. Even just wielding it lowers the temperature immediately around you. It was found lying in a frozen pool at the bottom of the Moth Pit and eventually turned over to Avanatador for safe keeping. It was rumored to be destroyed in the eruption of Fireguard but it resurfaced in the hands of Jonathan, the rebel leader and former Lead Rider to Aramal’s Riding Corps. He would use it to threaten the other great dragons in the world into staying out of Aramal, even to the point of almost killing one in a magical blizzard. There are two other blades out that are equal in power to Dashlan, one being Havour, the Blade of the Eternal Forge, and Faladil, the Stormcaller Blade. I should note that over the years the blades have been reforged into different weapons. At one point they were functionally glaives.
That is not even all of the base game DLC. For example, Indonesia and the Khmer are not included.
This isn't Smash 4. What stages are these?
25 right now and I legit do not care if people think I'm weird or not. I'm tired of being concerned with how others see me and whether what I enjoy is "cool" As such last Friday I was asked to explain D&amp;D at lunch to coworkers and it was quite fun.
Anyone who thinks placing 20th at major tournaments is "bad" probably doesn't have an opinion worth listening to.
In Overwatch the people making guides are KarQ, YourOverwatch (sadly), Jayne, Stylosa, FitzyHere, and on occassion a pro player will take the time to put together something for their specific hero. Literally none of the above listed players are pro players, and only one is an actual coach. These are just the guys who can put together enough coherent thoughts and present well enough to educate other players. It's like that in every competitive game. Being the best doesn't mean you're great at teaching others.
I actually was talking with my wife about this yesterday. Campaign 2 has been less engaging to me because it feels like the cast frequently stops to roleplay and doesn't have as clearly defined of a goal they are playing towards. I enjoy the show and the cast as much as anyone, but I prefer more G to go with my RP.
I personally would not enjoy this. Unlocking the main runes on the plateau and being able to go wherever I pleased was very satisfying. I'd hate climbing and walking all the way out to some remote part of Hebra and then finding out "crap I don't have Cryonis"
You want me to get you a clone of my wife? She is frequently reminding me to check my levels before meals and has adopted the phrase "scry the blood!" To add a bit of humor to it all.
I have a fire genasi fighter that uses his Produce Flame pretty liberally and he kind of emulates Colonel Roy Mustang when summoning his fire. *SNAP* My wife's cryomancer sorceress is a jeweler by trade and channels all of her magic through the mithril-and-diamond pendant around her neck. Every spell gets focused through that diamons even if material components are not strictly required for the spell.
I think a lot of us look too closely at Europe. My own setting at this point is starting to resemble Alaska
I had a warlord several years ago that lost his arm in a dragon attack and so he travelled with that single arm and was pretty badass. A cavalier NPC I made for my homebrew setting lost his right eye to shrapnel from an explosion. He still has several scars on that side of his face. Sometimes there's just an accident that happens
Tip #1: SAVE EVERYTHING. If your party goes off on some random side venture amd ignores the plotline you'd been trying to run for seven years, just let them. Whatever you had planned can be tweaked and reused at a later time. In fact, you may even be able to modify it on the fly and still use it for the wacky session your players just decided that they wanted Tip #2: If your players recognize that they are in over their heads, always leave them an avenue of escape. If they get in too deep and intentionally choose not to escape, don't push them. pushing players never works. Let them figure out how to get out if the bad situation they are insisting on being in. Tip #3: Sometimes players don't really want to roleplay. This is okay. You cannot force roleplay. Keep the table moving and let the game flow and try to roleplay the NPCs as much as you desire. In Time it may get these players out of their shells and acting out more. Tip #4: Have fun, take breaks if you need it, and remember it is just a game. If everyone walks away from the table laughing and eager to come back, congrats, you're a good DM. Be proud of that. I had a DM attack one of my players once for "crushing" his creative spirit. Don't be that guy. Be the guy that his friends love to game with. (These are my personal lessons I have learned from my time DMing)
Well, mechanically all you're doing is dragging the opponent, so all you need to do is grapple them and then you can drag them at half speed. Just say you are suplexing them to get them into that spot rather than a literal drag.
Literally the best session of DnD I ever played happened because my party decided to help resurrect a random ghost instead of break into the Sealed Temple to the God of Death.
Thanks to the Red Arrow I was able to find Spirits Mode.
Ridley appears in the intro to Melee so people thought he was playable and was just a weird unlockable like Game and Watch
Says you. His kit is awesome.
No one really learns from someone attaching training wheels to the match. How can you learn to adapt to a real oppenent when this opponent is not giving 100%?
I got told I was a combat junkie by a DM who ran a campaign in which our sorcerer went 3 sessions without casting a single spell or cantrip...
Long coats or woolen robes colored black, brown, blue, green, dark red, or even purple are very common. Everyone wears sashes, scarves, or bands of brighter accent colors that display what family they are a part of. Families paint these colors over their doors and windows. Aramal is far in the north at the edge of the tundra, so even though the grasslands have lovely natural colors the inhabitants still love to keep more color in their lives.
I'm a big proponent of Athlete as a useful feat if a DM actually designs smart encounters and terrain. It's amazing how useful climbing and quick get ups are.
Well , my wife and I wrote our own marriage vows for our wedding and then went off script. They're just supposed to be personal and a vow of commitment to each other. Nothing auper difficult. I mean, it's not like you two are getting married in real life.
And people downvoted me last year when I said that ultimates were the problem with hero swapping...
They aren’t wrong. I never understood why people make these kinds of promises...
Corrin turns into a dragon in chapter 5. That's before you even choose which side you want.
Honestly, same. I want to care about Marth’s original story but the new characters that show up without any kind of fanfare really takes me out of it. And yeah, the game isn’t the nicest to look at, especially not after all my time spent on the GBA titles.
Well, I took at look at that GoFundMe and it’s honestly a bit of a joke. They were raising money in the first week at a rate of 1 million a day. However, the goal is 1 billion dollars. If they kept at that same rate (they won’t) Trump will have already been re-elected or (more likely) will no longer be president by the time the money is raised.
Athlete feat for the win!
Well yeah, but Lucina also isn't insecure about her bust, Samus has never even met Snake, Pichu isn't a masochist, and why on earth would Mario look at sexy images of a Bowser/Peach hybrid? Everyone is consistantly misrepresented
MK: is wearing Marx's goofy outfit. Marx is another Kirby villain MM: holding a copy of Mighty Number 9, the best gift to give your anime-loving date on prom night Duck: Falco is telling him to stay away from his bread. People feed bread to ducks (even though they shouldn't) Tink: Grandma's Soup! Ike: Ranulf is a teal-haired shapeshifter from Path of Radiance and can turn into a cat. Bowser Jr: He is the messy painting villain of Mario Sunshine searching for Mama Peach
It’s called Presentation.
I recommend running legendary bounties during that 20 minutes but yeah, it's a really awkward gap.
I’ve had a few over the years, but there are four that have gone down in legend for my players. 1. Navaarl, son of Thran Yubel Karr. He’s a draconic sorcerer with a desire to be a wizard, but he lacks the time and skill to do much of the studying himself. So he hires a bunch of young wizards to do research for him and then kills them when they have completed their work. He’s been doing this for a long time and is the source of a number of magical items that parties have found over the years. My last group ran into him at level 2 when he thought one of his “projects” had vanished and in his rage he burned a small town down. I drew out the dungeon map for his fortress up on Shrike Peak but no party has ever made it that far. 2. Ryn, keeper of the dead. Prior to his ascension, there was no god that protected the underworld and wrote the laws that divide it from the living world. Ryn was a musician that somehow discovered how to breach the underworld and made it his duty to ensure no mortal ever tampered with life and death again. He’s immortal now and is the only available patron for Grave domain clerics. The dragon gods have no idea what to make of him as he now rivals them in terms of power. 3. Bidden, a humble dwarven thief who has thus far appeared in four campaigns. He has the ability to defy the odds and never die no matter how bad of a situation he gets into. Thrown in the dungeon? PCs break him out and he streaks through the city avoiding all guards. Caught in a safehouse? Burns it down and runs through the city avoiding all guards. Caught breakin into an inn where rich patron is staying? He don’t care, he steals all her dresses and runs through the city avoiding all guards. 4. Twe, the most badass kobold ever. Survived the party massacring his family, stole the dungeon item off of them without anyone noticing (that was my favorite revelation to the party), killed a wounded black dragon in his escape, and jumped into an underground river and rode it to freedom. Legends say that Twe is still out there, boldly defying death and waiting to find another party to impress.
I actually like the idea of a rotating series of dailies that take you back through all of the maps of the season. That'd be a lot more fun than what it is now.
A full stack of mithril ore right now is 1g and I’m not even getting close to that from doing AB, so I have no idea how you’re getting 10g+ from those metas.
Man I was not hopeful about Endgame dethroning Avatar (and I have the downvotes to prove it) but man, to come so close and fail nonetheless. Dread, run from it, Pandora endures all the same.
Number 1 response I get from people at work about Detective Pikachu is "oh yeah I heard that was good" Number 2 response is "of course you saw it"
By my recollection a lot of shows were talking about it. My elderly speech and debate coach told me that she was seeing it all over the news pre-release and thought I'd like the film.
I mean it's neat but... People think this is legit? Seriously?
So my understanding is that people want the #1 film to be something culturally significant. Titanic hit that checkmark. Avatar, to a large degree, did not. So Endgame, being the culmination of 11 years and the largest cinematic universe ever, felt like an appropriate replacement #1 film.
So he needs to look older to... Look his age? Reality sounds really unrealistic, huh?
I liked the film, and I know there are conlang groups that love it. But other than a Disney Park Avatar hasn't made that much of a mark on cinema. Most people I see just make the same tired jokes about Ferngully or confuse the race of Na'vi with the Avatar program like they never watched the film.
Um.. Bladed? That's the entire point of this thread
I figured as much from the amount of "Support time?" posts I am seeing lately. Thanks for clarifying.
I do seem to recall an old cartoon of Doom yelling at a mirror about his disfigurement being Reed's fault. Grnated that same Doom went on to practice magic. Personally I didn't hate the first film Doom but it was very Green Goblinesque.
So here's a few things to consider. 1. Thief is really squishy. They get hit by a big attack and they will drop. Thives above all other classes rely on dodges and blinds to save themselves 2. Valkyrie stats suck for thief. You have no precision so your ferocity isn't doing anything on most of your attacks. You want berserker ideally. 3. Deadeye is heavy on single target damage and is really weak vs mobs. It all does most of its damage with stealth attacks while crouched at full malice. If you are not getting into those positions, or you don't have deadeye fully unlocked, you are really putting yourself at a disadvantage. 4. What runes and sigils are on your armor and weapons? It's possible that they are also not helpful for you. What utility skills do you have? I always carry a stunbreak so I don't die while flat on my back.
It's like a TV show where a character's single trait is "I'm autistic" *crickets* "Please laugh"
There are some things in fiction I will happily suspend disbelief on. Psycho lovers is not one of them. Tharja is not a good person, people!
Kormir, do you know anything about this?
That's what i have been doing when I command but it seems that they haven't been popular with everyone.
I actually think it’s a nice change of pace that Nat seems to be good friends with the family and isn’t trying to threaten anything.
Ragnarok
I still have yet to see any of the new recipes in the world.
It would be weird to need the expansions since metrica is a starting map from launch and pets are a core mechanic of ranger. I think it's probably a level thing, but I could have sworn I tamed a ploar bear as a low level ranger before.
I wish my dad enjoyed playing board games with the family. The rest of us would all gather around and game together and Dad never joined us.
I've been saying this for two years and back in the beginning people strongly disagreed with me. It's be interesting observimg how things have worked out.
Not for much longer if countries start thinking like Belgium.
Who knows. The elder generation of lawmakers in the USA are already discussing it. It may move at the speed of a stopped train being pulled by a chihuahua, but it could hit the president’s desk.
You will show respect for the Creed
Me, every game up through Black Flag.
And yet Cars 2 happened.
So I can post the seed here but won’t you guys also have to install the mods I used that affect world generation?
Dude deserved the RotK treatment and should get an Oscar for his entire run as Tony Stark. But yes, his acting in IW and Endgame was just superb. I was not an Iron Man fan 11 years ago, but Robert Downey Jr. made me really care for the guy.
On the skyscale? No. But making a legendary always burns me out. I also just finished Exitare and then realized for my main Malumres actually looks better. I spent last night playing my oft-neglected engineer and unlocked Scrapper on him. Boy was that a nice change of pace.
Quality of Life, one of the gamer’s favorite acronyms.
And someone called me high when I said in my thread earlier that NYXL would stomp London. Lol
Expecting Metroid wouldn't have made sense. They restarted development not too long ago
Oh my god, if they cut Scrafty or Sneasel...
After all these smash games with TP ganondorf I wonder how anyone forgets this
Twitch chat has no purpose. This is why I could never be a streamer xD
"This is the Great Hall, site of ceremonies and dueling" You read that in the voice. I guarantee it.
Every now and then I see one where you can tell the artist really put time and effort into making it look good but... Yeah. You aren't wrong.
It's not gonna happen. The anime, TCG, manga, and games are not all going to go on hold.
Such a good shot. I want to make it a wallpaper
A shame that it seems that Arbiter's Grounds is buried in the desert.
Cock town? XD Nah, I think it's clear that they are deep beneath Hyrule castle right now.
Stream starts at 9am pacific
I'm not talking about sex. I'm talking about a female, fictional or otherwise, existing purely for being sexy. A lot of people are tired of it. You can have curvy women and muscular men and ripped hemsworths but if it's just superficial and made to be pandering, a lot of people dislike it.
Man Midnighters was really cool! The final book ruined Pendragon for me. I got that book a whole month before the street date and finished it in less than two days. Knowing how it ended and no one else knowing the big twists pissed me off so much. And I didn't even like the twists.
Doesn’t matter. Anyone on the front facing end of a company that gets the bulk of criticism shoved in their face is not going to have a good time. I used to be on the front desk of a payroll company and frequently had angry customers come in and yell at me, even though I had nothing to do with their account.
Won’t happen. Pokemon is a machine. The anime, TCG, manga, and other merchandise all release with new games. Delaying the games delays the whole machine and that just is not going to happen.
In a world with excessive body modification I struggle to see how it's transphobic. Like, this should be pretty normalized in the setting
Despite the clear community preference for Edelgard, i predict that Dmitri will be the most interesting Lord and have the best story. Edelgard will be seen as the vanilla option and might even be the easiest route. Still going with Black Eagles can't stop won't stop.
Still going with Black Lions for my Axe-Lord Empress. I can accept no other option.
Not 100% true. My wife and I play Overwatch together.
What about bright yellow mice?
I think it was a bit more than an implication.
For the first time ever, Fire Emblem has eclipsed Pokemon as my most anticipated release.
Looks to me like they took the downvote amount from youtube and compared it to number of viewers.
I"m guessing the main Nintendo video on their channel for the trailer
One would think that if your chosen quote is “I won’t let fear compromise who I am” that you wouldn’t be concerned with randos being mean online.
Only if you had a remote control for it and it had the strength and function to crawl across the ground and up onto his bed.
How dare you kill Scraggy D:
It's not that crazy. With how large this fandom is, someone is going to stumble upon a pairing that game freak will use.
It may be boring but that doesn’t make it an incorrect statement.
How dare you put Cyndaquil at the bottom! Pepper got me through Mt. Silver like 6 times on seperate playthroughs
It's crick in the neck. Chuggaaconroy made the same mistake.
Huh so siege towers no longer benefit cavalry. They really are trying to incentivize us from not just spamming horses.
Reaper used Shadow Yeet. It's Super Cool!
Hey! I resemble this remark!
Pokemon. I love Pokemon as a series, and its how my wife and I met. I used to even be an active member of one of the most active pokemon communities outside of reddit. But good lord you could not pay me to go back. Gen 6 I think was the turning point for me where I started hating the fandom. The Pokemon Bank fiasco ("but I can't afford $5a year!") And the OTHER Pokemon Bank fiasco (in which popular musician Nathan Sharp made a parody song mocking that it would take a month to fix the service) really left me in a sour mood about how the fandom responded to stuff they didn't like. It has always been like that, mind you. Bulbagarden once banned a user for angrily saying he was going to blow up Ninte do becuase they change the Tin Tower to Bell Tower in HGSS. But now the community as a whole is insufferable. Gen 7 didn't do much for me and I stepped out of the fandom for good. Looking at the state of r/pokemon right now... Man, I got out at a good time.
"Armour" It looks really nice though!
Hello, police? I'd like to report an assault on my waifu.
Well they look the same, dress the same, travel through the same version of Hyrule, and star in a game that is a direct sequel but... Yeah, I guess it's possible
I legitimately forgot about it.
She has a the weirdest luck with ending up in amazing films. Yes, I called Avatar amazing. Sue me. Hell she even was in Curse of the Black Pearl despite not enjoying it very much.
I don't think any of our FE characters look that generic. I guess Marth isn't that terribly exciting with his design but everyone else has a lot going for them.
So, it seems like you kind of missed the BotW memory sequences. Link not only defeated whole armies of monsters single handed, he kept doing it until he could barely stand. Fort Hateno didn't fall because Link stood his ground and fought with everything he had to keep Zelda safe. Yeah he was overcome in the end, but it wasn't because he was weak. Also Link's combat skills are directly mentioned as exception in BotW, even when he was a tiny child with a pot lid.
Unless I missed something, none of the Heroes have female variants in Smash. Not even Lady Erdrick :(
I WANT to incorporate survival mechanics at my table but my damn parties could not possibly care any less. Heck my last group had a player who asked me to montage NPC interactions.
... Wut? I played the shit out of DQ3 as a kid. I could not be happier that Erdrick is in the game. Where did I sell any of the Heroes short?
The Thalmor would like to know your location.
You’re correct, deny would be the proper word here.
Not really. They didn’t confirm or deny anything which means pretty much nothing. It is both equally likely and unlikely, possible and impossible. You can read into it of course, and I won’t stop you, but at the end of the day Nintendo has said absolutely nothing regarding the ability to play as Zelda.
Not to violate the echo chamber, but one of those games is technically still in development, so I’m not sure I’d give much thought to optimizaion comparisions right now.
Summer Laegjarn is... um... wow. That’s some nice art.
As someone who works in and travels to Portland frequently... I do not like the idea of the police having their standards reduced. I had a guy who worked for me once that wanted to join the police and got denied. I refused to write a letter of recommendation for him because he was not at all suited for the position. *sigh*
Quentin Beck having Spiderman look up to him and endorse him while Mysterio tries to fill the void of Iron Man and captures the heart of the world... yeah, I can see it.
A sandwich caused WW2?
Did you just assume he was 12?
Turns the legs to jelly, right?
It looks like MJ is trying to websling by herself.
I think it might also be slightly due ti Tobey being really bad at VO work. I remember Spiderman 2
Ok so I know this screws with comic lore and a film that is already out, but just imagine that we get an MCU film where the Symbiote is brought back to Earth and starts causing trouble and there is a scene interviewing the astronaut responsible for collecting it in space: Ben Grimm.
TchallaXOroro 4ever &lt;3
Just hand it to Frigga. Technically Malekith still attacks Asgard and kills her and takes the Aether to the Dark World.
Venom
I dunno, I didn’t pay for dinner. The owner of the place cooked. I’m only speaking in regards to monetary expense because, let’s be fair, that’s what the original comment was referring to. And I also said that you can skip the rings. Either way no one was wearing them and her family was happy to give them to us since her grandparents had been dead for years. So yeah, dollar wise, I spent very little on our wedding and it all went great.
“But first let’s talk about parallel universes” Everytime I have to share that video with someone I end up watching it all over again XD
Well it’s fairly simple. They went independent so they don’t have quite as many resources as they used to, but they also don’t have the crazy deadlines either. They’ve put out Musk vs Zuckerburg, Wolverine vs Freddie Kruger, Che Gavara vs Guy Fawkes, and most recently Ronald McDonald vs Burger King. So I’d say they are doing alright.
It’s not really confusing at all. Cap went back to each of those times, returned the stones, and then went back to the end of WW2 so he could have a life with Peggy. That timeline exists seperate from the main timeline and after Peggy died and he got his affairs in order he jumped back to the main timeline with the Time Space GPS he had. He probably came back an hour or so before his past self left so he could walk around the lake and sit on the bench. Because that sounds like Cap to me.
*shrugs* In the end, most people only care about what it’s going to cost them personally, and on the whole the wedding was still very affordable. I just had some wonderful family and friends that gave to the wedding rather than just attended.
Shouldn't we then acknowledge the Ivan Drago behind Iran?
This post is a snapshot of pure ignorance.
Wait so a ghostwise halfling druid is basically an Andalite. I want to play this now
Specifically I believe it was their chief editor who suggested it.
He is kind of supposed to be in crippling pain though
*shrugs* eh chokepoints are as certain as death, taxes, and new pokemon characters having porn drawn of them
“So I just wanted to make clear that one of my conditions is that I get all the fine-ass chicks in the office sitting at desks around me. I don’t want to stare at some fat-ass dude, you get me?” Any hiring manager kicks you out at that point. Sexual harassment nightmare waiting to happen.
If you trust Quentin Beck then you are as smart as J. Jonah Jameson.
Rule 5: I wanted to play as Sweden but with the way the land is shaped there is very little room to work with, and I don't want to take out Bologna because of the extra GPPs. &amp;#x200B; If you want to try this one for yourself, here is the Seed. &amp;#x200B; Small Continents Large Map Everything else is standard. &amp;#x200B; top seed fields is: -674885337 bottom seed field is: -674885336 &amp;#x200B; No mods except the Civ 5 filter
I think you mean Tea Kettle
Probably War Machine.
I think it's just an implication. We know Hawkeye trusted Nat and got her into SHIELD even tjough she was a criminal. We know they were both in Budapest on a mission early in their careers. So for somw people it's pretty clear.
People complained prior to endgame about Cap vs Cap and Tony's death line. The vast majority if audiences loved both moments. People online just like to bitch
You should have stayed Anonymous, Epic Fail Guy. Treat this battle like the gallows, take another dive.
I legit want to vote him MVP just for this match alone. The literal definition of most valuable player.
For Tony Stark it does also think off all the quotable lines it gave us
Which is still fucking awful becuase we're letting people die to send a message.
I used to work at a grain elevator and oh boy some of the decisions from operation were questionable. My personal favorite was when one of the longshore guys smelled something burning and evacuated the rest of the union, but there wasn’t a general evacuation alarm for the whole facility. And then when ops heard about it they spent two hours investigating to determine the source and severity. Now, I expect many people are not familiar with how flammable grain dust is. If you get a fire going inside a grain elevator (and the failsafes don’t work) you can have a huge fucking explosion. There’s rules on the books that if there are fires on the beach down by our docks we had to put the elevator into shutdown mode. We were not at an isolated facility by the way. We were next to some major shipping ports on a major river. I won’t deny ops the right to do some investigation, but when I heard over the radio “yeah, I do smell something” that should have been when 911 got called. Two hours after the first people were evac’d (and let me tell you, our evac zone was still way too close) we had over a dozen fire trucks pouring into the facility and getting into their staging positions. Fire Department sent over three chiefs and the media spokesman to handle the journalists. We got a couple helicopters in the sky too. So yeah, fire in a grain elevator is bad news and our control room did not respect how serious of a problem that could be.
I’m not sure why Demise would be wearing Gerudo jewelry or have that small of a corpse. I mean, it’s still a pretty big corpse, but it’s definitely not the size Demise was. With all visual and narritive evidence strongly pointing at Ganondorf it feels weird to say “it could be Demise”.
Avatar didn't have singing Tim Curry but it did have Zoe Saldana and the absolute badass that is Colonel Quarritch.
Pirates of the Caribbean also has a badass Zoe Saldana so... Everyone wins.
Also, wouldn't it be reasonable to say that if a mediator says "I'll take that as a no"and the guy makes no argument or clarifying statement, then it is indeed a no? The dude did not disagree.
Hey i do this too. Hate having to bend over at home so I pick stuff up with my feet pretty often.
But if every last inch of him is covered with hair, how can you tell them apart?
The energy seemed to be coursing through him more than it did in IW but with how much was going on I could easily have misunderstood.
No Elma. List is a 0/10
Technically he is the protagonist of 4 of them and his influence is pretty major in Awakening.
You're forgetting the remake of 3. Don't worry, I forget about it too.
I'll take "That sounds about right" for 200
Fuck, I told my mother this multiple times and she said that would make her look like a bad parents. She’d be a bad parent for letting me fail and she’d be a bad parents for being controlling. She couldn’t win, so obviously she just picked the one she wanted to do. It was a big cause of our tension.
Nothing was going to dethrone Spidervierse except another Spiderverse.
Technically we did get Mac in Homecoming. I think they're saving him for the Sinister Six
Anyone who decides that the best way to solve the world's problems is by killing a bunch of people is a complete and total loon in my opinion. Thanos brings up good points but tries to solve the problem in the absolute worst way possible. And that does not make him good.
Some 14 year olds develop quickly. It's not common but not really a big deal
I have never seen this support before and now I believe it to be canon.
He got introduced to the floor by Talos.
I think I read that novel. Apparently dragon scales make wearing pants difficult.
Not ALL of my character are inspired by Fire Emblem I have one who was inspired by Lex Luthor.
You are technically correct (ness is from earthbound)
But it's also much faster than Serpent's Ire
Not the one I was thinking of but that is a damn good novel.
I legitimately do not recall the name. I think it was a trilogy and I recall it being towards the end of the library shelves. I think the authors last named started with a V or a W.
Gonna be honest, I really do not think TPCi cares about dislikes on a youtube video, and you can already see other fans outside of these subreddits that are just getting annoyed at pokemon fans “bitching”
I swear to god that Catherine is going to be the death of me as I rage silently into my computer.
Now I am legitimately curious what reason a person would have to make a deal with an eldritch being in order to be a better carpenter.
Obviously we're using Zen and Baptiste as DPS
Two words. Canto Bight
I got the impression "you are a genius" was meant to be taken sarcastically. He legitimately does not seem to give a shit about shipping and who is with who
It is truly incredible how random details can be put into a setting and then years later tied together into a compelling narrative. In both my sci fi setting and my fantasy setting I have managed to create a web of events that have written far more history than I expected.
My rule is this: "if something is a mechanic of your story, then it either needs to be something the audience is already familiar with or it should be introduced in the story" Leaving stuff open to interpretation gets messy very quickly, and if you omit details such this (which justifies Palpatines whole bizarre goal) then you can confuse your audience. Again, I never made this connection and as far as I know it's not confirmed that this is the intent of the scene. You guys can downvote me all you want because you disagree with me, but the reception of the film's plot I think supports that there is confusion with many elements of it. And if you want to dismiss casuals and say that the film should not be written with them in mind, then be careful what you wish for. TFA did not become the highest grossing film domestically solely on the backs of super fans. It was because if people who go "hey, star wars! That's cool"
Quite literally since today in Jan 1.
Well now that the pressure to release alongside the films has passed maybe the team can work on this. Add it to the list of: * New Heroes * New Maps * Reworking Maps to work in other game modes * New Skins * Bug Fixes * Balance testing to fix established issues * and now reworking the gun unlock system to add new guns that have to be balance checked
I was going to comment but honestly there is no need after your reply. Sums it up nicely.
Hear me out, but if the big traffic is going to r/overwatch and YourOverwatch for content, i'm guessing they are largely interesting the casual stuff and not so much the professional scene. There's a lot of people in my OW gaming group that do not give a shit about the league.
Clearly Battlefront 2 extends itself beyond the films. Commentors on reddit can limit themselves to just the films if they want to, but the game doesn't.
I mean I just load up the app and look at the scores. If it's not a team I care about, why even watch the highlights? Oh look, Boston won vs Florida. Yay. Whatever.
Or as Guild Wars 2 did it "go out and rescue captives taken from the crash site or bunker up here and save what remains" Crashed airships are fun for stories
So, real world lore for you. Crater Lake has no inlet or outlet. The water in the lake is sustained by a very careful balance of snow melt, rain fall, and evaporation. Its waters are incredibly pure, and serve as a good control group to compare changes in fresh water bodies around the world. As such, the park staff are really big on not polluting the lake, and this is without mentioning any of the local ecological issues that contaminating it could cause. So what I'm saying is that this canal just fucked up one of the purest, most serene natural wonders in the Pacific Northwest. Teddy Roosevelt, champion of the national park my ass! ... (also you seem to have destroyed Wizard Island) :P
Well in this scenario the equilibrium is lost in its water purity because now it has an outlet. And now it would be possible for something from the ocean or the city to come in to the lake and contaminate it. Also the island seems to be gone. (It's a joke, man)
In other news: Water is wet, news at 11 :p
Robot Chicken did a bit on this
My wife loves playing robin and using Elwind on stage. She keeps wondering why I can always anti air her. Then again she has no idea what to do against Samus d-throw fair
Ya ever been to Shumway?
Well two of our engineers have a degree in fashion design and big into cosplay, so I think that had something to do with it. For real though, we really need more female engineers so it's not such a male dominated industry. The ratio here is skewed horribly.
There's an artist that I discovered through reddit by the name of Martin Kirby. Fantastic guy, really professional, wonderful to work with. I've commissioned him 3 times now and plan to go back for a fourth. Every time he would send me a draft I would get incredibly self conscious of any critiques. Like, I love art and I am okayish at it, but I know when something has taken a lot of time and effort to do. If there was something off, I always asked myself if it was worth pointing out. I realize that it's not at all helpful to hold those comments in, but I just hate feeling like I'm dismissing his work. But props to all of you artists out there. You guys and gals inspire me so much with what you do. :)
Please let this include Xenoblade X. I know the Game Pad is amazing in that game but good lord that game needs a second lease on life. It's way too good to just die on the Wii U. And maybe a rerelease would allow them to fix the godawful sound mixing in cutscenes.
This is a very satisfying image. I'm totally down with him being strangled by his own chain, but this is also acceptable.
You know what this reminds me of? Back when Ep 3 was the latest thing, there was an episode of *The Apprentice* (yes, the one hosted by the American President) that tasked the teams with doing promotional displays for the film (I wanna say it was something snack related). One of the teams decided that they wanted to go for the Mystery Angle of "who is that?" and decided to make fucking Tion Medon, the dude Obi-Wan meets on the landing platform of Utapau, the center piece of their display. All because he had a weird design that was kind of eye catching. I feel like a team at Dice was given a number of concept art pieces for the film and told to pick from that, and they decided to go with the cool looking alien people despite having no real idea what they actually were at the time of development.
assuming the song doesn't count, pretty sure it's "no. no I don't think I will"
I've using Obi-Wan a lot on the light side, but I don't really know what to do with him. Maul on the other hand is hands down my favorite hero to play right now.
You can because I do that every time, but ok.
That's his hand actually
Well people in this thread have proven that it had at least two blue sides
Jakku may actually be ok using the CS model for CPs
I finally took first place in my family weekly fitbit challenge
For CS I play Heavy a lot. My current loadout is Bodyguard, Survivalist, and Barrage. Bodyguard and Survivalist are great for playing the objective because you have a lot more sustain and bulk, and then barrage helps to clear off the point. In the ship phase barrage becomes essential.
Um... so the last show I watched was So Weird, which features a 14 year old female lead. So yeah, that's not happening. BUT! Her mother in the show is played by Mackenzie Phillips and has episodes centered around her character, so screw it, I'm bending the rules here. In the darkness is the light!
Which is why I would have preferred if a certain scavenger had been the daughter of nobodies and not the heir to the empire.
So are you a Battlefront hipster?
I got my assault, officer, and specialist to level 38. My heavy is level 140ish. My enforcer is level 40. My Phasma is Level 45. So all in all not bad for my first couple weeks in the game.
The Bumper one confuses me. Fissure is the league bicycle and Bumper has a long time synergy with the rest of the Titans. I do struggle to understand how this is an upgrade.
I did enjoy that brief scene between Finn and Janah
Of all of the color rebrands you could do, this is one of the most pointless. Green and gold was perfect.
Yes that was clearly sarcasm
You reminded me that before Season 1 Blizz did some player promo vids that were really high production. iddqd got one and he played literally one match. Maybe Blizz decided that it was on the teams and players to promote themselves.
I already get a mandatory mental health check up because I'm diabetic. I'm actually overdue for my yearly exam, but I do know what the results will be anyways.
Hey now, the knife is not that crazy. If mechs are the ideal way to fend off the savage, giant wildlife on Pandora and the predator closes distance with you to the point where you cannot use the minigun, you are going to want that knife. What else are you supposed to do? Slowly punch it with your big mecha hands?
\*sighs\* Ok, here I go Jake Sully Dr. Grace Augastine Naytiri Tsutay (I can never spell his name correctly) Colonel Quaritch (I think his first name is Miles if I remember correctly but I don't think the film ever says it) Trudy the helicopter pilot the CEO's name is Parker Selfridge Some people actually did pay attention while watching this film.
Say what you will, but I really enjoyed this episode and the atmosphere of the final battle. Also Cara is cool.
I still disagree with his belief that esports fans do not understand traditional sports concepts but you're not entirely wrong.
I think ARC troopers have been around since the original Clone Wars shorts. And obviously there is Republic Commando.
Now, this may just be a shot in the dark, but my analysis has concluded that Overbuff is a third party service and that stats that developers use are pulled directly from the game. So when it comes to comparing data point, my theory is that the stats from the devs have more weight and clarity compared to a third party program. But that's just a theory. A game theory.
And the attack on Kamino wasn't in the movies yet clearly is depicted in the game. BF2 does not care about limiting itself to the films.
Splatoon: the Third-Person shooter where missing your opponent is still a path to victory
Uh, correction. Overwatch 2 will definitely be an esport if the OWL survives season 3. OW2 is basically just an update to OW1 that is backwards compatible.
What i hated was the dwarven shield wall against the goblins and then the elves just... Jump over it. Effectively they put their backs against a wall willingly AND deprived the dwarves of their main tactic.
Why did the goblins shoot each other?
That's what I did. My Inquisitive was a human artisan from Elturel who was away from the city when stuff happened and his goal is to find and rescue his son.
Goblins shoot each other 5% of the time?
Correction, Mercy got POTG for rezzing you so you could make that play
May the overtime wick burn brightly on his career
That's true, but Iron Man came after a long line up of pretty average or bad superhero films. There were some hits like Spiderman or X-men but I don't think anyone went into IM going "oh boy I can't wait to see Rob Downey play Tony Stark!"
Also, while The Clone Wars show had not yet aired, Anakin had still spent 3 years fighting a war against Dooku and his forces. Anakin would have seen anything Dooku said as just some cowardly way to avoid his punishment for his crimes.
Anakin told Palpatine at some point, so I assume he mentioned it to Obi-wan.
That feels racist against Zabraks.
I don't know. I just assumed he would because he told Padme and Palpatine.
If the films were just in a vacuum I'd be somewhat inclined to agree, but given that TCW is canon I would not say that Anakin did not trust Obi-Wan
respect the bear and your survival chances go up by 5%
Ok who the fuck is hosting the desk now? Because at this point it's starting to look like it's going to be Custa. Gonna miss you, Malik.
This is one of those rare clickbait titles where I just say the answer (yes) and then don't watch it.
Oh hey, I just brought this lady bread in Decent Into Avernus
Hilda! Hilda! (my wife says she's in love)
John Silver is probably my favorite villain in all of cinema because he's not a soulless evil monster, but just a greedy guy with other genuine feelings.
"My tax dollars at work coming to arrest me" in the second film is still a golden cheese line
my mother loves that film for some reason. Always tells us to watch out for wolves when it's snowing.
I think Soe has the voice and charisma to be a good host. I watch her stream from time to time and I enjoy it. I just don't think they are going to let her host.
Artists work on games. Writers work on games. Traditionally anything these professions do is called art. Someone, or more likely many someones, put imagination and a lot of energy into creating something that is 100% not real yet creates an emotional resonance in another person. And let's not forget the geniuses who sit at a computer or cover their desk in graph paper and build the mechanical framework that gives order to a chaotic digital void. Coders and modelers and animators and all the other digital ARTISTS who use their tools to bring the vision into an interactive state. Fuck anyone who says video games cannot be art. They are spitting on the hard work and imagination of thousands of visionaries.
I mean by his argument Minecraft is now the purest form of art in video game form.
Disregarding my personal thoughts on this, thank god for Jeff Kaplan. This is exactly the kind of stuff I love to read, the peak behind the curtain into the uncertain world of game development. I love how he broke down the thought process behind decisions and why he thinks this is worth pursuing even if it ultimately turns out to be a bad idea. Props to you, Kaplan.
I think Jeff gets it pretty right by saying that the increased focus on teamplay applies way too much pressure to the players. Sure, you'll get the people who don't give a fuck, but that just makes those who do want to play as a team even more frustrated. I've learned that teamwork cannot be forced. If it happens, awesome, great game. If not, oh boy do you feel powerless and angry.
hyperbole or no, you're not going to get a fun or competitive release with hours like that. And fun is a very hard thing to target because as this thread shows, people like different things.
Most of the community DOESN’T playtest. They may spend an hour on the PTR but they don’t do enough with it. Jeff has commented on this before.
I make 6 figures in lootboxes.
Roy advertises Binding Blade Ike advertises the Tellius series Lucina and Robin advertise Awakening Corrin advertises Fates And now Byleth advertises 3H I guess Smash is perpetually a vehicle for Fore Emblem ads
I am so whelmed
Historically in fire emblem axes are the least accurate but hit the hardest. Swords are the most accurate but least damaging. At least Sakurai is keeping with tradition in some respects.
Edelgard is the most impactful lord in 3H, no matter which house you side with. If they had used her Emperor model and made her an aggressive heavyweight with an axe and a shield I think we would have been on to something.
*looks at Custa watching chef shows and playing Minecraft while queueing*
and condi zerker for the longest was the only zerker build anyone would run. And it always used sword/torch longbow
They added it because it's the resistance base and has a unique layout with the cave up the cliff
the groans of increasing discomfort version of the dance is from conquest though
People really have got to ditch the nostalgia and recognize that Roy has no real reason to still be here. At least Ike is largely original in terms of mechanics, and in Fire Emblem lore does at least seem to be a mythic figure. Roy is just a one of kid who isn't even good in his own japan only release. I say Marth and Robin are the main two that should stay for sure, with Lucina as a Marth costime as was originally intended. I'd also add in Ike for a total of three. That gives us the fencer, the heavy, and the mage.
Numerically that should be impossible
Ah if only. But yeah,never going to happen
Well Byleth is 20something in the academy phase and Yuri is the age of the other students. So... No
If only it had done something
... Ok but Chrom and Lucina are related so now it seems like you are suggesting that Yuri is a time traveling child
I am surprised no cop has gunned down the Joker yet
At level 1 GWM effectively makes your attack a straight die roll because the -5 cancels out your str+prof bonus. Sharpshooter though can be a bit nasty if you took the archery fighting style so you still have a +2 hit
Could you explain this one? I am curious
So what was your take away? Because Jeff's whole post was about how it was an idea but it had detractors and highlighted major issues even though it also kind of brought things back go the launch feel. No way they have all of the kinks ironed out after two months of testing and one month of work.
Though i wish everyone had gotten the same memo. When Occupy Portland started it was a joke and when they protested the ports we literally laughed them. Pro tip, don't chant for an hour, dress up like santa and kick around a hacky sack, and bus in people with no clue what they are doing. It makes you into a joke without any outside help and hurts your cause.
Honestly it's still funny. It only falls apart if you have incredibly short term memory and forgot everything prior to a change of clothes. It's actually pretty decent tongue-in-cheek silliness.
Samas Aran has been my longtime video game crush. Recently though Dorothea from Three Houses caught my radar because of her singing voice.
I suspect Matt will keep the lawyer friendly names because that's what he uses most often these days (at least based on where I am in season 2). And since Serinbae will need to be kept as the Everlight, it really only makes for better consistency.
He led by example, but Anakin was already the kid who did whatever he could get away with.
Gonna go out on a limb and say this might be the biggest upset by margin
Maybe? No idea. A pump wasn’t even an option until recently.
Oh hey that’s not far from my old house!
Won’t do him much good. He’s dead, Jim.
almost 20 years now
Dark blue &gt; default light blue every day, all day.
Please no. I like not having to commute through volcanic ash.
What you don't like getting flung across a map by four different force users at once while your controls are inverted?
... They're still kids
Because game dev is NOT simple. They can't just take an established map and enable it. They have to take the map, redefine boundaries, redo spawns, disable old objective markers, test spawns and stability to ensure nothing has gone wonky, and maybe a million other things to ensure that it actually works. EDIT: also the tweet says "ticking a box" not "making a box"
Technically Rebels does it too. There's an episode where Rex puts on Stormtrooper armor and cannot hit anything and Kanan teases him about it, but then Rex takes off the helmet and immediately drops two headshots.
Your roommates have incredibly precise interests
Smash Wii U had a sizeable roster and balance patches but that didn't stop matches from becoming mirrors and certainly characters being overcentralizing.
How do people not understand that upgrading an assist trophy in ultimate would require them to remove that assist from the game?
You know, if I was accused of being involved with a sexual misconduct case and I was completely innocent of any wrong doing, I would most certainly be offering my full cooperation in clearing my name. Being uncooperative suggests a certain level of guilt that, even if false, will poison his reputation for the rest of his life.
I have to protest his argument that you can just use in-game gold to buy gems and thus buy stuff off of the gem store. I'm sorry, but not all of us lead huge guilds and get donations and want to spend our gaming time grinding out gold in fractals and dragonfall. I play the game in ways that I find fun, and repetitive, grindy content is not enjoyable for very long. Just look at all of the people that gave up on the Silverwastes because it made them want to pull out their eyes. So, with that restriction in place (that I want to have fun playing the game) that means I am very limited on how much gold I can make in a short amount of time. And what even is the point of grinding out in-game currency to buy a thing off the gem store so that I can go back and grind some more for the next thing? Is that really the kind of "reward" structure people support? I mean, I guess I could try playing the metagame of flipping on the TP or selling my spirit shards, but no casual player is going to want to dedicate themselves to that. At this point, I have to question the future that GW2 has for a lot of these dedicated, hardcore players. ANet doesn't have the time or the manpower to go back and do massive overhauls of core-game stuff. They can't when they need to dedicate those teams to putting in new stuff to appeal to the current playerbase. And they can't just hire a team to overhaul the old game because NCSoft literally laid off a whole crap ton of people a year ago that could have been working on that exact same thing. GW2 is just going to soldier on and do it's living world thing and it has no time or money to look back. Is that sad? Yeah, it is, but I cannot see a future where that changes. For me, I only play the game now for the story and the combat, and maaaaaybe a raid or a fractal if I feel the itch for one. But the game as it is will now only ever be a Tier 2 game, one that I pick up and play when I need a break for something else, or want something that doesn't require much of me that I can just relax with. Also WP, I enjoy Living World and I will proudly stand as champion of it, even if I disagree with some of its decisions.
Really feels like the kind of thing that should have been discussed and sorted out and announced alongside the partnership.
This is a surprising, but very appropriate comparison to how I felt. I kind of got what they were going for at the start ("let's list all the reasons to be suspicious of Hunter Biden!") but at no point did they ever try to argue why that justified Trump's "response" to it. And of course they couldn't do that because nothing justifies it. Bunch of idiots...
Dude I already made all of these. i have the title and the bound skins to prove it. I should not be penalized for salvaging them after finishing the collection when there was no hint that there was a tier 3.
Crazy idea. Ship it and announce that new rewards will be added after the initial rush BEFORE the complaints come in so it doesn't look like a hastily constructed apology
As a Samus main, I'm ready to exterminate some metroids!
Is there a spot to use the lens in it?
Oh that's easy! Elma from Xenoblade X. Her side B would be Sliding Slinger which can be lifted from... Uh... ... Well crap.
To be fair, they should really stick to calling it Jora's Keep like it's supposed to be.
The Deldrimoor Delves? Those have been in the game since PoF came out. That was one of the easiest parts for me because I could just walk back into a room and do the thing.
I suppose that I should clarify that I actually really enjoy Living World. I just read this sub a lot. Most players in the game don't really get vocal
You. I paid $60 and haven't touched Vader once :p (To be fair I am still a noob and I barely play OT content because of the modes I enjoy. But yes, this game is now super cool)
Man Roy must be so jealous that Chrom plays D&amp;D with Colonel Mustang every Thursday and then Lucina married and had a kid with him.
I hate to be that guy but why exactly would Nintendo want to give anyone else their money?
If you're dicking with balls I think you've got something on backwards.
And the same thing can happen against you the following week.
In season 1 viewers complained about map pools being the same for weeks. And then they complained about static metas and teams running away with the league, and then they booed teams that stuck to GOATs. If people want variety, then boom, you looking for this? I would say so.
Maybe practice for synergy then.
I would recommend someone whose already won awards for their work, like an Emmy winner or something. You need some serious talent for Burt Reynolds.
EA, like many companies, runs in a system that constantly demands growth, even when such a thing is unattainable.
Kids who have time to play and earn rewards from a battle pass have parents who can afford them. Trust me, never underestimate the power of a tired parent just wanting to please their kid and get them to shut up for two minutes.
Dude is BB-8 like Wrecking Ball from Overwatch? Because that's cool!
The Star Destroyer is the most classic ship in Star Wars next to the Falcon and it's the biggest loss here. I understand if it's not ready now but I think that SD's should be added at a later point.
I get that, but they aren't wrong for mentioning that if you want exp then Grothmar is still just as viable of an option
Honestly I wonder if BM might be a solid farming map at this point. You can convert ice into season 4 currencies and get more magic from them, though it's probably not even close to Dragonfall.
You might want to note that some of the chests on the west side have slightly different spawn areas each day. Usually it's just a difference of being higher or lower, but it did make the second day of grabbing chests more difficult because the chest had ended up under me where I could not see it.
Dengar is from Empire Strikes Back
Well at least she has more voicelines than my main :p
But it sounds fantastic in french
I'd say Female Byleth is 200% better than Male Byleth.
Great except for the boob plate
Yes but look what Ike did to Ashera
And just as a note, Ninian is not 100% confirmed to by Roy's mother. Lyn is just as viable of a candidate to birth the young lion.
The armor itself just looks ridiculous
Map currencies
Are you daft? This map comes with a lot of stuff, though opinions may be divided on the quality in some cases. The special missions alone show just how much happens in this map. There's a lot of event variety, as well as 4 repeatable rewards tracks, two new weapon sets, a new strike, and a bunch of smaller little additions. And there's a lot of new assets that had to be made for this map as well. They clearly put a lot of time and effort into this map and managed to launch it without huge setbacks (the lack of VA of course being the exception). This is not what maintenance mode looks like.
Given that the campaign is meant to be played by one person, what do you need help with?
Well with cleric weapons and dwayna runes (are you running plaguedoctor trinkets?) Your condi damage is pretty weak.
Are you a Charr fan? Look for people in the Black Citadel with [AUX] as their tag. They can see about getting you an invite into the First Legion Auxiliaries
It will definitely work, and this does make it easier to do. But people who do World Bosses often are not exactly likely to be carrying around EMP stations
I have used them plenty of times for farming winterberries on 8 alts in an evening when I had nothing else to so. That alone was worth it
Seconding this. VOA does HoT trains very often and very suucessfully, and KotE (Knights of the Ellcrys) have also been running them off and on
Hell, Nickelodeon went off the air for almost 9 minutes and played an image of the rights of children everywhere, regardless of skin color. A major media company that caters to families, especially ones with small children, had zero programming and zero ads for almost 9 minutes to show support for a cause and to stand against racism. You can call it a publicity stunt, but that kind of stunt is not a small one.
Genji for Smash :P
I'll just point to the last time this discussion came up where I argued that EDI totally survives the Destroy ending
For the "Loot the Caravan" Mission I got it just by attacking the caravan that regularly shows up on the path to the Overlook. If you are escorting dolyaks you'll likely run into them at the third ambush.
The mandatory recruit is the only option. * can't be your sparring partner as everyone has a different one. * can't be an optional recruit as people took different paths * can't be anyone who could be dead because they will be dead for someone. As for not having a dialogue option for charr players, I assume that isn't happening at all. Even at home they could set a trigger for when an Iron Legion Charr runs into a turned Luccia.
The current team absolutely knows what drives players. They play the game with us. They read map chat. They do raids and fractals and strikes with us. I didn't get "Carrying the Creator" from a training raid for nothing. The problem is that every player is driven by something different. One guild I am in largely does WvW and map metas. Another guild does a lot of fractals and roleplay and fashion wars. There is no simple solution to every problem.
Really? After my first run of the meta I was at about 3500 or so. I finished all four tracks in like six or so runs.
You have to take into account some context. I got carrying the creator less than a year ago through an organized training raid. The Dev team addressed raids even more recently (when talking about strikes) and essentially said that there isn't enough traffic in raids to warrant making one and the main feedback they get is that it is too difficult to get into raiding. That's why the idea they had with Strikes was to help prep people for raiding, and they would revisit raids later after making a full compliment of Strikes. And frankly, I have seen nothing in game that disproves their information. I was in a conversation just yesterday where people said raids were too difficult for them to get into but they wanted to try them. This morning we discussed fractals and how the ascended equipment requirement and agony gates the content off from a lot of players. For WvW we have a dedicated balance team that has recently really been trying to adjust a lot of stuff to make WvW more fair. The only reason I don't join my guild for it is because the lag renders it unenjoyable for me, but that's more of a long running problem that WvW has always faced. In regards to more recent releases, I still see a lot of Icebrood content run regularly. Grothmar metas are done regularly. Drakkar always has a group running. Strikes fill up very quickly. Drizzlewood is extremely profitable and offers a lengthy but fun meta event. The main issue is that not only has this nearly 8 year old game lost a lot of players, but they are spread out across dozens of maps and modes and they're all doing something different. GW2 doesn't have the focus for what it wants people to do. It's a sandbox for people to pick and choose and mess around it. And honestly, maybe that casual stuff is where people really are. I don't do fractals. My fractal rating is somewhere in tier 2. I haven't raided since our last failed attempt in Soulless Horror back before quarantine kicked in. I do strikes a few times a week. I'm replaying the core story for fun. I'm just a casual these days, and I see a lot of other casuals running around having fun. Maybe the team is just focusing on that group and keeping them happy. I don't know. This conversation comes up often and yet I keep hearing people talk about the challenge of raids and fractals and toxic elitists and how it's not something they enjoy. How much of a silent majority is there who is satisfied with raids and fractals and wvw and enjoy it regularly for what it is?
He was merely misinformed on the subject of tiny men in boxes
I wonder, could we go back to Star Wars ANH and divide the prison break on the death star into encounters? Just from memory alone we have * the team taking the hangar control room * the shoot out in the detention level * the garbage compactor * Han's dumb charge against the Storm Troopers * Obi-Wan vs Vader (if Obi'Wan is a PC in this scenario) * Getting back on the Millennium Falcon (may crossover with the above encounter) And that's not even counting skill check encounters like deceiving the troopers and getting armor, or Luke and Leia having to swing across the chasm. Obviously there's some argument to be made over whether these all count as distinct encounters, but even still you can get 6-8 encounters out of that one dungeon run.
Then, as much as it pains me to say this, your vote will be worth effectively nothing. Literally no other candidate is going to get any kind of attention or press. Few others will vote for whichever third party you prefer. I hate it too, it's not how this system should work at all, but it's what we are stuck with. The best we can do it play the long game and try to get people in office across all elections who are in favor of reforming our government into something much less corrupt.
I thought we already knew this. I distinctly remember this topic coming up before.
Bozzo the Clown is... A special character.
I thought it was someone new, or maybe Jet coming back in a new role. Definitely wouldn't have guessed right at all
You cannot have this series without Book 1. For every Great Divide there is a Storm. This season sets the foundation for every arc in the shows and lays threads that will matter until the very end.
People hate Katara? What? That's pretty ridiculous. I've never seen anything but praise for her growth over the series.
Of ATLA? Very likely not. The show covered everything in three seasons, and the ship for Book 4 sailed years ago.
If I recall correctly, the film (hold up there, Long Feng) had a manga tie in that covered the early days of Zuko's search and I believe it touched on this. I believe Iroh had a lot to do with getting Zuko outfitted for his search.
I think you mean Delusions of Grandeur
You could always use the DMG rest variant.
The episode itself answers this. Watch what Azula does to the show to pressure Ty Lee into leaving. She was afraid of exactly this scenario
Definitely. It has many flaws and is very different from the ATLA, but it also has a lot of excellent stuff to. Some of the fight scenes eclipse everything ATLA had to offer. Also TLOK Episode 1 is still fantastic.
You have failed to review General Iroh, but that's ok because Iroh would respect your interest in other characters over him
If you watched the first few episodes I assume you watched Episode 3. I wouldn't describe that episode as kiddy
A lot of people seem to assume Aang's parenting style based on his personality as a twelve year old. I don't really get that.
Weird. Reading over your list confused me because nothing you touched upon is new. Many of the things you point out are presented ver clearly by the show. Heck, Katara's refusal to let go of her mother and the grief that comes with that gave us the best Katara episode in the series (the southern raiders). Sometimes I feel like fandoms are way too critical of character flaws, despite also hating character who are flawless.
Casting hasn't been announced
*shrug* If you say so
I am amused how many people loved this comment when the joke is like 13 years old.
Also, Korra take place a little over 70 years after the original series. It correlates with the 1920s. 70 years prior to 1920 is 1850, which predates the use of coal powered warships and dirigibles on Earth. Like... Technology boomed during the industrial revolution. A lot of shit was created and innovated on over a very short period of time. And Aang and Zuko oversaw an era of international cooperation and cultural blending (due in no small part to the fire nation colonists living in the earth kingdom). Is it really such a surprise that an age of invention could blossom from that? This was always such a weird complaint to me.
I think fire bending is awesome and has some of the coolest looking moves in the series (agni kais are a delight) But I myself am much more of a waterbender, and I love how practical and versatile water can be. The fact that it is water in all phases and not just as a liquid makes it look really fun in the show.
Nope. He could have used bending on his cell just before the eclipse started since he knew it was coming, but otherwise no, no bending.
I've always found that compliment to be kind of underhanded. It's always "you're very well spoken... Compared to others like you." I usually hear it in reference to my age though, and I usually clarify that I have several years of public speaking experience.
I'm surprised they didn't cast her as the mother
Please stop harassing the Cullen family. They get enough shit as it is
And that's probably why fixing it has been difficult. It seems to be a hardware thing.
I've raided with exotic armor before. It's no big deal for my druid. You don't even notice the minor stat difference.
I think the Trivia Facts version of the episode confirmed that they did kiss.
The animated version? People are watching it The live action version? People are making it.
I have never heard this confirmed anywhere, and it seems at odds with Bryke bringing her back into the show and setting up romantic tension with Sokka.
Someone called this a plothole the other day. My guess has always been that it's proximity based. The temples are very sacred and charged with spiritual energy, and that energy is reacting to the Avatar state. If you think about it, Aang was alive and in the avatar state for 100 years and the statues never glowed. If distance isn't a concern, why would a foot of ice stop the glowing?
Kyoshi lived for something like 240 years
If I recall from the blogpost that Mike and Bryan made after the final, this isn't true. Nick never told them no. In fact, Bryke didn't even ask for the longest time. If Nick specifically told them "they cannot kiss" then I haven't ever seen that published anywhere. Also someone should tell Nick that their logo is on the official comic book featuring them kissing.
This is a very bold take. You have my respect. May you die with honor.
It has some pretty glaring pacing issues and it has way too many characters that it tries to give complete stories for. It has excellent animation and fight scenes and music and voice acting, but its storytelling faltered, likely because the creative team never knew if they'd get another season.
So you're saying it's a joke that is out of character because obviously the famed general iroh never burned down any settlements before that? Yeah, I'm gonna say that he probably torched a few houses, especially during the siege.
Which is which? A New Hope wasn't originally written with the hypothetical 9 films in mind.
Eh, not as many. I never said Korra was bad, I was just giving reasons why it might not be seen to be as good. It's ok to like something and still criticize it. I do that with Avatar all the time. I still hate that they never finished the scene of the scientists reclaiming the base while Quarritch and his goons were off blowing up Jake's resistance :p
Ever since Bowser took over Nintendo he's been doing fantastic stuff.
That was cancelled because too many girls liked it. Seriously.
I'm sure others have also said this, but I always hear Nic Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates saying this line.
You would be amazed what kind of symbolism seemingly harmless things can have if given enough time. I worked a strike once with a lot of black security officers, and one of the guys on the picket line dressed up in a hood and scream mask and shoved a dead raccoon's head through a fence so it would look straight at the security team. Calling a black person a coon is extremely racist and has been for a very long time, which is something I learned only that day. It made an act that was already disturbing even worse, especially you interpreted it as a threat.
Is that a zero suit one piece? That's pretty awesome.
People really love trying to glue rational thought to grief, and then wonder why it doesn't stick
The actor who played the military advisor has said he'd love to come back and do this again if asked
Went to a small mexican place around the corner. The staff wore masks and only had a few people on the floor. Groups were separated. Some poor genius managed to squeeze the entire menu onto the front and back of a single sheet of paper and no menus were reused. They only gave us a single menu for the table until we asked for a second. Overall though the food was excellent, the staff was accommodating, and it wasn't crowded. I won't be doing this super often but for one night I enjoyed it.
Not even. Sokka never was able to bend. We see twins where only one can bend. Multiple people in ATLA are nonbenders where it is clear that it's not just because they never learned, but because they cannot do it (piandao is probably the best example) Edit: and Suki literally devoted her life to emulating Avatar Kyoshi and was incapable of bending.
Oh sorry, I misunderstood. When you said "either born with it or never learn" I thought you were saying those were the only two options.
I mean the drgagons themselves are shown to be sentient beings
Seems like quite a lot of work just for one guy to make a star trek reference :p
I was having a conversation at work while the conference was going on in the background. As soon as I saw Aloy I interrupted everyone and full screened and we watched the trailer together. No one else had a clue what it was but they all agreed that it looked awesome. Also HYPE
Almost assuredly this
I know, I get that. She was just doing her job.
That was almost literally the Tobey Maguire wall crawl shot
The people I watched reacting were definitely American. Two of them live in CA.
You are a Saint of Catkind. Thank you for being so compassionate.
Why would you assume anyone had seen those?
I do recall the LW episode AMAs being a lot more in depth than that
Why are all of them so hot. Especially Joshua!
How on Earth could that even be possible at this point...
My english teacher said the trailers made it look like awesome sci fi so it would be perfect for me. We had a whole conversation about it at a chistmas party. She was interested because James Cameron did Titanic.
Ok, she's my new favorite Agent Zed. I love this look for Zarya. Awesome skin
Not like it ever mattered when the Daily Show would do exactly this
Guild Wars 2 immortalized this kitty in a Legendary Short Bow called "Chuka and Champawat" which features a quest about tracking tigers across the continent. The final weapon's form summons blazing spectral tigers when the bow is drawn.
Knew that would be top comment
She's weathered down after two kisses and one conversation where they both felt awkward and confused? The same girl who refused to take no for an answer and forced the Northern Water tribe to reject its sexist practices? The girl who got herself arrested to save a town in need and encouraged them repeatedly to rise up and take back what was theirs? People seriously thought this?
By my recollection she only tells Aang that she's confused at Ember Island. They NEVER discuss the kiss following the failed invasion until that night. But honestly, if we really want to dissect the romantic inclinations of a 14 year old gear whose only potential same-age male companion prior to Season 1 is her own brother, then we can do that. Katara spent about 9 months travelling the world with Aang, bonding with him, saving his life and being saved in return. She knew he cared about her and she knew he wasn't sure how to express it. He had just saved the world and ended a war. he'd given everyone hope. So if at the end of it all, with all of the fighting done and no more soldiers attacking them, why is it so hard to imagine that Katara would want to reciprocate on two prior kisses and agree to a relationship that Aang had left an open invitation for? It's not like they had a traditional dating lifestyle anyways. They learned about each other and bonded while on the run and fighting alongside each other. They had to undergo more emotional stress and hardship in that year that most any other couple would have. In the end, it was Katara's choice to kiss Aang at the end because she wanted to. I don't see any other interpretation that is valid while still respecting her character and what she stands for.
The hate honestly confuses me so much.
She opens up by saying she doesn't know much about the tides and asks if the tides command the ship. Now, obviously shes setting up for the big moment and she doesn't really care about about science of it, but that is exactly her problem. Azula wants control, power, authority. She wants everyone to bend to her. The captain is completely correct to warn her of the unfavorable conditions and any experienced seaman would say "uh huh, yep, don't go against the tides", but Azula is not experienced. Deferring to the captain's knowledge means giving him some authority over her and control over her ship, and she does NOT do that. It's more directly displayed in Episode 3 when she recruits Ty Lee, but even here Azula's desire to dominate, to possess, shines bright. She's a real messed up kid.
*pours one out for the Arbok in Pokemon Special*
Come visit me. The last one is only a couple hours from here
Right outside of his home. It has its own icon on the map.
Oh do you mean the spot where Aloy is at the every end of HZD?
Or “this party’s over, motherfucker”
“That blast came from the death star. Fuck, It’s operational!”
Considering the Ring of Metal is literally titled "Denver Stadium"...
I take it you don't read comics much if you are asking that question.
The title of the thread literally says "coming August"
She's recognizable as Aloy even using in-engine footage for an in-development project. Not sure what you're getting at
If you're looking for the sun I suggest checking in Meridian.
Don't tell r/history that unless you want an earful. History is written by the literate more than anything.
But it did have Windwaker HD
If you get a blazing sun it also marks off that you qualified for the two lower ranks (since you did beat their requirements as well)
Well I'm married, so that certainly provides a tricky complication
LoK gave us Tenzin, and Tenzin alone justifies using these kinds of characters.
You already lost me on your second sentence. She cruelly captured innocent civilians who had no part in the war and tortured them. She attacked team avatar and actively tried to harm them. She wasn't trying to save anyone or lead a rebellion. She was just a cruel witch who attacked people out of petty spite
Kind of surprised Zamus fell out of our slang. Been using it since Brawl.
I barely qualify as "familiar" with ARMS but opening in a ramen shop pretty much gave it away.
Not really. There's a lot of work that goes into it, and sometimes you get stuck reviewing a game you just do not care for but have to finish anyways.
If you think about it, if there is complex life out there in the galaxy that is similar enough to us to be easily compared then one of us has to be the technologically superior species. That logic applies as well if there are ten other such life form groups, or even hundreds. Someone has to be, in simple terms, the most advanced in the universe. And there is a non-zero percent chance that it could be us.
Can you prove this somehow? She was from a whole different tribe, and that tribe has more than one person.
That's an odd take. In my latest playthrough I just walked around the map getting collectibles and walking passed every campsite before continuing the main story. You can definitely explore as you wish.
I cannot help but see the D&amp;D logo on his back
You know, I used to say the same thing about Banjo. Then we got Banjo and everyone got excited and now I barely see anyone play him.
They exist. They are fine. They aren't my type, but it's not a deal breaker.
Sakurai? Rest? I don’t think he knows how
She is the final boss at least
Geoff Keighley is showing 26 minutes of gameplay in 3 minutes
"And that's the day... That Night City went nuclear."
December 31 is the very last day of the year AND on a thursday. Obvious placeholder
Dingdingding we have a winner. Game dev theory has, in many ways, become “release it string now and then refine it later”
Excellent flavorful design. Really fits the vibe of Cyberpunk. Also her VA reminds me of Michelle Vasquez
At this point, they'd be fools not to.
I disagree. Remakes and remasters are all the rage these days. And this is a title that, while successful at the time of its initial release, had a limited run in one country. Since the success of Awakening and Fates and Three Houses and the growing popularity of these characters in Heroes, they should more than enough market data to assess if a Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadow of the Holy War would be a sound investment. I'd argue that from my perspective they absolutely should make one.
Yeah this is really early to ban a stage for ceilings. They may be enough to add a counterpick option without leading to overly long matches
I hope you’re excited for the movie then
I feel like answering that question is going to invite a lot of annoyed comments for some reason. But yes.
Sorry, no, that's bullshit. For the vast majority of Overwatch's lifespan they released a new character every 3-4 months. OW released in May 2016 Ana: July 2016 Sombra: November 2016 Orisa: March 2017 Doomfist: July 2017 Moira: November 2017 Brigitte: March 2018 Hammond: July 2018 Ashe: November 2018 Baptiste: March 2019 Sigma: August 2019 Echo: April 2020 (released after it was announced that Overwatch 2 was coming and development would go towards that) Hero releases up to Baptiste were like clockwork. I guess the planets align more than you think.
Notably it seems most of Ozai's high command were old dudes.
I think the changes made to Prince Caspian also make it a much better film with more active participation from the characters.
As much as I know people hate Bezos, the Reign of Terror during the French Revolution wasn't a good time for anyone. I'd like to avoid repeating that.
Martial arts power levels are rarely "who is stronger" Zuko had practiced a technique designed to counter his family's ultimate move. He used it. It worked as intended. He won the "fight" and got away safely. And by Avatar terms it wasn't really a fight. Two moves were used and Zuko retreated. In a lengthy duel Ozai wins that fight 10 times out of 10
