Y'all or Indy, I'd guess.
Barkley and then OL with their other picks. Unless they want to blow everything up and take Eli's heir
No. Absolutely a team competing for the national title. Just not a team good enough to win a national title
Since Orgeron is from south Louisiana, chances are pretty good he's a Catholic Cajun Cookie Monster
Two screens, bruh
Let's celebrate Dave Aranda telling A&amp;M to fuck off by shutting out the Irish!
That was a fuck up on our part, though
Well, Jimbo's entire deal was apparently funded by donations, so Woodward has a lot to play with
Want him at LSU as long as he is willing to stay. If he turns into a long term guy like Bud Foster, I'd be shocked but overjoyed. He's gonna be in the NFL at some point soon, IMO.
Notre Dame came out a little TOO aggressive it seems
Gage is the kind of guy who makes too many special teams plays to not carve out a spot on an NFL roster after training camp
JESUS CHRIST, CHARK?!?!?!?!?
Cajun Catholics, absolutely. Notre Dame fans...maybe a handful more than other places but nothing that really moves the needle
Mother FUCKER
GOD DAMN IT THE HELL WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
It is time to take Chark off returns
This season has been horrific. Except against Auburn
Lost our LT and have had OL issues all game, so sure, it makes total fucking sense to call slow developing pass plays.
Is that Anderson's 1st catch all year?
...wut
Well, we already muffed 3
No, because at least they can cry into their championships when their kickers are shit
&gt;*LSU gets in the redzone* &gt;Brian Kelly: "You've just activated my trap card!" &gt;*LSU kicker appears* FTFY
GET. YOUR. SHIT. TOGETHER. TIGERS.
OL issues and our kickers can't even count to potato
Finally, Notre dame with a special teams fuck up to match ours
Seriously, how fucking difficult is it to just have a RB out there underneath for Etling to checkdown? ADAPT TO THE SHITTY BLOCKING. GET THE BALL OUT FASTER
Guice needs fucking touches
LSU fans have been thinking the same thing. Y'all seem to have discovered that you have a semi-competent QB that can stress us a lot.
Write "LSU" instead of "ND" and you'd still be right
SURE WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE TO HAVE AN EXTRA 6 POINTS LYING AROUND
That hit was disgustingly late. Should have been flagged
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Benched for being ineffective
Generally the "you lost fair and square line" comes into play when someone is bitching about unfairness or cheating
count me in?
Dagashi Kashi
its after the fact and therefore irrelevant to that discussion. Of course Alabama is capable of beating every other team that was in the playoff. They were the Vegas favorite and they've recruited better than anyone else for basically a decade. That doesn't figure into the prior discussion of whether or not they deserved to have the opportunity
not even close to worth it
god damn it... :(
I ain't your kid, guy
bouncing between his place in Texas and Baton Rouge where he does the occasional LSU media spot
Dude would KILL in the Saints offense AND he'd be back home.
haven't heard anything about other than the occasional hopeful fan. Personally, I'm not interested in Enos. I think LSU needs to incorporate more spread into the offense.
&gt; we had ONE rushing touchdown from a HB this season holy crap. and y'all almost made the playoffs despite this
&gt; The only homerun hire from that group IMO is Dave Aranda. true. Unfortunately for the Aggies and fortunately for LSU, that won't be happening.
he's **the** most plugged-in LSU writer. Once Delly reports something, you can pretty much assume its gospel. and it was confirmed by sources within the athletic department according to two of LSU's 247 insiders, both of whom are quite reputable. and another insider who is quite close to Orgeron and people in the TAF had said two days before that Aranda and DB coach Corey Raymond were both getting raises and extensions this offseason.
Georgia State's athletic department probably shouldn't be actively rooting for UGA on twitter, but congratulating them alone would have been fine. The fan replies are more embarrassing than the original tweet, but people are assholes on the internet, so you can't be surprised by that.
that's my guess. Arizona State passing on him for Herm Edwards is just bizarre. Arizona should take advantage.
Would LOVE that
Surtain will be an LSU Tiger as long as Corey Raymond is our DB coach. More than likely the same is true for Joseph
definitely possible.
and me, lol
which is why we're sending so many alumni into Houston to invade. We got Texas money now, y'all! /s
all in good fun, man. reacting and shooting the shit in here with other fanbases is a blast. As someone with the occasional source myself, we're all wrong sometimes. Don't take it too hard, Tiger Bait ;)
agreed. by the way, that flair looks hideous on you
New Orleans guy that didn't get an LSU offer, but he's an excellent player! Always rooting for him and I think he kills it with Frost next year
Yeah, not even close to bankrupting us, but Elko is a good hire. He's who I would have wanted if Aranda had left
That's what I'm afraid of, but I've heard promising things about that not necessarily being a done deal. We might see an outside hire and Ensminger gets an additional title/some more responsibility
&gt;At Texas A&amp;M? I thought Jimbo was going to be making $7.5 million/year there, and Coach O is making $3.5 million/year at LSU. So the difference is $4 million, right? Correct. I'm not really sure what he's trying to say here.
Fat Harry's has the best wings in New Orleans. Saw Kamara there a couple of times early in the season.
Holy shit, that was one of my favorite pieces of Saints-related journalism ever
&gt; but everything I've read is he wants total control of the offense correct
Expecting the worst and hoping for the best with this new hire.
WATERS! GEAUX TIGERS!!!
tfw the fruit is *extra* juicy
Yeah, he's been All-Pro caliber for a while but only just getting recognition
feels like he just got to the damn campus. This doesn't feel like its going to work out...
&gt; With Texas A&amp;M, it's more detached, like "You're weird and I neither understand nor respect you, like a healthy platypus." https://i.imgur.com/XyrOR.gifv
definitely going to be one to to look forward to, but I think we're a ways off
well, yeah, but that's almost certainly not happening. its more likely he runs a 4.7 than a sub 4.4. he's not an elite speed-type. If he trains his ass off he'll get somewhere in the 4.5s. low 4.5s would be OUTSTANDING for him. When Donte Jackson declares...that might be different. He's got all the athleticism you could want. Wouldn't be that surprised if he runs a 4.28 and 41 inches
Unsurprising, but disappointing. Our admins are clearly no longer committed to winning. Orgeron is either not committed to doing his job right or just fucking completely incompetent. and announcing it when they do? Obvious attempt to hide from backlash that will rightly come from the fans over this crapshow. what a load of absolute horseshit. and on top of promoting Ensminger without any evidence that it could at all work out, he's giving Sullivan a coaching position too? The man is too old to recruit and hasn't done it since his last college job in 1991. Its not like Pete Jenkins, which we knew was temporary and we had Austin Thomas with a waiver from the NCAA to make up for it. Biggest issue on this team for a damn decade is recruiting and developing QBs. OF COURSE, ORGERON PROCEEDS TO HIRE FUCKING NO ONE WHO HAS ANY FUCKING HISTORY AT ALL OF DOING THAT.
he hasn't been a real coordinator in 20 years and he wasn't exactly lighting the world on fire back then, either. He's a great recruiter, but this is a TERRIBLE decision. Orgeron is basically promoting his friend when there is zero actual evidence pointing it being a good move.
This one's great! Is it from the same website?
Lmao
right decision. RB is a short shelf-life position and his family needs him.
relationship between Canada and Orgeron apparently got pretty ugly and that seems to be supported by a lot of the conditions as well as the fact that Canada settled instead of expecting the full buyout. Dude definitely has a short fuse, but I'm very disappointed in how this is ending up. Not sure if the fault is mostly his or mostly Orgeron's, but either way, things should not be going like this.
&gt; Also, the voice of Nedzu was exactly the same as in the dub! I did a double take it was so damn similar
https://thechuunicorner.files.wordpress.com/2017/01/zj4rspb.png
honestly thought he would end up at Ole Miss.
Best girl
Williams makes that tackle and we win. damn...
overreaction much?
lol, there never has been an asterisk and there never will be.
Kinda heartbreaking for those of us who really just got into reading manga recently. Anyone have other suggestions for good sites?
Saints have never been afraid to trade up
literally the only one to stay, lol. probably because he'd go undrafted if he declared. Still can't believe Clapp is leaving...
&gt; Nebraska should count for BIGXII Except Nebraska did most of their damage in the Big 8.
We didn't lose to or tie with anyone, that's for sure
Rooting for Sumlin out there in the desert. #BearDown
Genuinely think he could do pretty well at Arizona
What's wrong with that? I'd love it if the Patriots beat the Vikings in the Superbowl. Would also take the Jags because Fournette, but I don't think that's realistic
it IS a dinosaur. modern birds are dinosaurs. and a raptor (the kind you're thinking of were named after modern birds of prey like this)
I'm a vertebrate paleontologist, but I feel like this is as close as we're gonna get.
Feel like if he gets told by more doctors that he should never play again, he should just retire...
would rather have Key or Evans but he has us passing on both for a WR. not that receiver isn't a need, but I think DE, LB, or even TE would be more impactful. we could snag a receiver later in the class
Its gon' get lit!
You never know where these hero internships will take you
/r/twintails/
Huge Saints and LSU fan (and therefore Fournette fan) checking in! Just came to say great job so far and I'm rooting for y'all to win it all!
Eagles receivers running free all over the place like they're playing a Big XII secondary
King Arthur
So hyped for this weekend. Hoping it'll be there when I get home but Amazon says delivery by 8pm :(
SU
We *are* pretty low in elevation...
&gt; Not just as a special teams ace, but grooming him to take over as a QB when Brees is gone. that's been BROADLY misinterpreted. Hill is Payton's current little project. He's had several before (Grayson, Ryan Grant, Chase Daniel). That doesn't make Hill the heir apparent.
&gt; roquan smith he's so fucking gooooooodddd....
we'd be down
lol, no. shit happens. the lights going out for a couple of minutes once won't stop anything
would be pretty glorious
for football they recruit their asses off. They have an agreement with the Florida high school athletic association to not actively recruit in the state of Florida, but they do it all over the place. They've gotten guys from Texas, Louisiana, Georgia, California, Ohio, and all over the place. I can't speak to what they do for other sports, though.
I'll take Kayvon Thibodeaux, thanks. With a name like that, he belongs in Louisiana, not on the West Coast.
funimation
hopefully, TO convinces Jones to rob the Falcons of a crapload of cap room and then turns him into a locker room destroying cancer that cripples the team. I doubt it, though. Jones is pretty quiet
Best secondary player in the country. I would bet money he starts as a true freshman at an outside corner spot for us
Poor Hikari deserves better than to be thrown to the wolves of the Axis Order
Far be it from me to exclude Gaelic football, Aussie rules, Canadian, etc. Really seemed like only two of them were getting brought up in here
As someone else brought up in here, there are a bunch of games related to the name "football" that aren't going anywhere. And there's nothing wrong with that.
Y'all have Howell already and have some others circling
Came into camp and what sold the coaches was his ability to be accurate on the intermediate passes. Strong workout.
We're pretty much at that point. We will probably have to take two in 2020 if we can get away with it. Would take two in 2019, but we don't have the spots for it, really.
Five. And they'll probably try to take one more.
Freaking loved It! More pls
&gt; I think they get the support if the program is able to be successful. no, they won't. the VAST majority of their students come from more than 500 miles away. best case scenario for Tulane is basically Miami level fan support. and they don't have a fraction of the historic success of Miami to build that on. this is coming from someone who almost went to Tulane and whose sister and uncle both graduated from there.
actually its an army of mixed up fans. hell, even in this thread its mostly non-LSU fans. lot of ULM commentors up in arms about it, but there's a lot of flairs doing it. Hell, the comment right above you doing it is a Va Tech/Pac-12 flair
Combination of two best girls like that is just too much.
Yah
I fwubbed it
Oh shut up, it should NOT be Georgia
Eye test should NEVER have been part of the criteria. It's just subjective, biased bullshit that invalidates the postseason
Rule of Cool is pretty much its genre
First 15 episodes are excellent. 10/10. The next 4-5 are...illuminating, but feel rushed. The rest...Trigger weird shit/10. Overall, I still really liked it.
I'm really glad Grand Blue got such a high rating! I hadn't realized!
Holy shiiiiiiiiiiit
Correct
Or an entire movie that is one giant recap
Definitely deserving. Elite linebacker like LSU hasn't seen since Bradie James. After this bowl game, if he isnt a top 15 pick, then the NFL messed up.
We have some great ones from the 70's-80's, but they dont get as much pub because we werent an elite program then, more of an above average one. Then there was a long drought at the position.
Would have been an excellent RB, but there was never any doubt where he had the higher ceiling
Need Delpit to snag the Nagurski too. Dont think Greedy will get the Thorpe, but all three would be nuts
And like Colorado
big loss. One of the best TEs in the league easily, but it feels like he's been really banged up the last few years.
This is too goddamn cute
My God...how do I possibly choose between Kamina and Okabe...?
Totally thought this season's *Rascal Does Not Dream of Bunny Girl Senpai* was going to be ecchi trash. Now it's one of my personal 10/10s and it hasn't even finished airing. Was not expecting it to be this engrossing, heartwarming, and wholesome on top of having likeable characters and genuinely fun relationship dynamics between the main characters.
Dinosaurs make everything better
Great portrayal of best girl!
The Japanese call it soccer.
Seems like he's really Ramming it in there, huh?
That's a rivalry power move that you simply dont recover from.
Ah yes, the ballad of Quad Brown. His handler took Tigerdroppings for quite the entertaining ride last summer
Wow. You in Mobile? Wouldnt surprise me if it was there.
Or in my case...both?
Apparently not long. He gone.
Great development of best girl Ami in this one. She makes a total turnaround and really grows a bit from watching Taiga's example, hahaha. Realizes she needs to be more assertive with herself and not figuratively hide under a blanket of false personality. [Also, that haunting face when she's about to go ballistic on the stalker is a classic](https://i.imgur.com/x4AqyXe.png)
&gt; POTENTIAL!?!?!? Is! good...gooood...
Top snek
masterani.me
I'll look at my phone or even read a book until the food gets there. Appear self-absorbed by being absorbed in something
Couldnt have said it better myself.
Good thing that what happened decades ago is completely irrelevant for determining a team's future success.
Seconding both stores. Great spots.
Thanks
Looks like someone forgot to take down their Halloween decorations
Best girl Yui ending up alone would be :(
Yeah, now that we dont play them anymore and they're eliminated from the playoffs, I hope they win out to get the worst possible draft pick
Hell yeah, that's probably my favorite song from the show.
To be fair, dragon slaying really is it's own reward. You can sell the teeth, claws, and scales for quite a bit of money
Best girl shows off her assets (2008, colorized)
I ain't even mad. that was well done.
Kamara was close to tying the game up again just like that.
whore
I thought so in real time, but he the ref had it right on the money when they showed the still of the play
how many times are you going to repeat this nonsense? They're both excellent players. Why is that not enough for you?
you can, actually. it would just reset the ball at the same down and distance, though. so the Saints would have had 3rd and 1 again, I believe. Dead ball foul
Panthers secondary is doing a hell of job covering the deep pass. Brees has been looking for a shot and hasn't been able to take one yet.
considering how often he's looking for them and having to check down to the 3rd or later read? one isn't much.
division rivals. We played them 3 times last year and swept them. if they lose this game, their season is basically over.
well that's some shit luck.
lol
Christ, how is this offense playing like such trash?
every drive
Just fucking win, baby. 12-2 is 12-2
Bama, Georgia, or Florida will be SUPER happy with this guy.
It's more about the yards and TDs. Kareem Hunt getting tossed only helps his argument too.
LMFAO yes
Dat's a good pupper. Looks a lot like mine outside of the color too
/r/DemetriStrikesAgain
Noooo surprise there.
Oof
Lmao a bunch of people on the Georgia 247 did the same thing and thought we got Dean, haha.
As it was meant to be. Seriously though, I am incredibly excited to see Emery and our other RB, Tyrion Davis, hit the field.
Yeah, he's a corner all the way for us.
Honestly not sure if this dude ends up playing DL or OL in college. Either way, glad to have him on board as a Tiger! Great start to 2020 so far
Now THAT boy is an absolute unit
Nah, I'd give you back Milton in a heartbeat to get half those defenders back, let alone all of them.
Couldnt have asked for a better explanation.
The list of starting defenders we have out is pretty concerning, tbh. Going to be pretty vulnerable, IMO. Edit: literally half our starting defense is out.
Get lost, Satan
Not sure LSU wants Banks back, tbh. Sopsher and Lee for sure though
I was being facetious
Wishing him all the best over there, but he's got a lot to overcome with his durability and lack of accuracy. I hope he turns it around.
Will be very tough to come out with a win when we're missing half our defense. Offense needs to show up and put together long drives that end in touchdowns. Have to protect a vulnerable defense
The Jaguars shitty OL and passing game has had a lot to do with it
I would tend to agree
Rivers is a legitimate deserving candidate, but he's behind Mahomes and Brees at this point
Think we can all agree with this one.
If the season had ended 3 weeks ago, Brees would have won it. The last three games have turned that around. This is a one player race. Mahomes is the MVP
Apple fell.
None. Saints just driving. Big play by Kamara got them into the Steelers territory
You're welcome
Havent busted coverages like this since week 1. Not sure what's going on out there
Secondary just busted that one for sure
C'mon OL, damn.
SU
Got straight whipped. Whipped. Yikes
Ohhhh we might not keep that. Though it may be hard to overturn what was called on the field
No question that's in
Lol, no. I wish, but no
Y'all deserve to make the playoffs. Hope y'all get there
Hell yeah
Amen
I LOVE your Twitter handle, lmao
No question I'll be getting that eventually. Can we order from that site in the US?
Your comment and your username are rather incongruous
Cam Jordan!
Its getting a sequel movie as well, so the story won't be over after this episode
Last year's Vikings were a much, MUCH better team than these Broncos
Theres still the movie! It's not over...its not over...
Hopefully Atlanta wins again this week. Once they were eliminated from the playoffs, I started rooting for them to win and get the latest possible draft pick
C H I P P Y H I P P Y
Their backup QB scored 6 TDs against Memphis. They didnt have any issues moving the football
Their backup scored 6 TDs in the conference championship game. They didnt have trouble moving the ball
This is haunting and sad
I knew I liked you
Seems optimistic unless WVU is telling Holgorson to look around
Feels like a 1st overall pick two years from now
Yeah, no way in hell does he get close to that much
Feel like that's one you have to earn
Are we near the point at which the Titans begin to consider moving on from Mariota? Seems like he does a lot well, but not a great ceiling and serious durability issues.
OH FUCK, JARVIS
What a game
3rd time this has been posted today
Barkley should win it, tbh. Love Mayfield, though
MVP
Taysom is not an NFL QB and Teddy wasnt exactly playing with a full deck around him.
It's a boring ass product to a lot of us in the South too, I promise. We're more sick of Bama than anyone else, I fucking promise. However y'all feel about them, its significantly worse the closer you get.
Honestly the Seahawks don't scare me. The Bears definitely do
Liked Wyoming a lot. Only been to the southern parts of the state, though
Kitchens has been good. I think he won't have much trouble finding a job.
Nope. He tweeted out himself that he "wishes he could be out there with his brothers" and then deleted it. Info from reliable insiders on a number of sites is that it's a leg injury.
I wanted Pettis on the Saints so badly...
definitely excited to see what he does with the Buffs. I'm primarily an LSU fan, but I've seen a lot of Georgia games and have really enjoyed seeing his defenses. I think the Buffs will be mentally and physically tougher once they buy in. Recruiting will be the big challenge, but he's good at it. Not a ton of guys in Colorado, but if Tucker can keep them home and snag a few from Utah next door (surprisingly solid recruiting state if you can pull guys away from the Utes), that's a start, especially early in his tenure. If CU was still in the Big XII, I think Tucker would have a really good shot at getting good talent from Texas. Have to hope he and the staff can forge connections in California and get deep into Arizona. Arizona is a growing state with a lot of talent that is pretty easy to convince to leave (no offense UA and ASU, but its true). If I were Tucker, I'd prioritize Colorado, Arizona, California, and Utah the most to start things off. Once you establish yourself, you can try your luck elsewhere beyond shotgunning offers to see if anything sticks. Tucker obviously has a lot of ties to the southeast after having coached at LSU, Alabama, and Georgia. You can tell he's taking his shots in those regions as well if you follow recruiting very closely. Lot of guys considered talented, but below the top shelf in the southeast have Colorado offers. He could probably get into Ohio some since he's from there and has been at Ohio State. Not sure how successful they'll be in Ohio and the southeast, but the talent is there to supplement the roster. I'd love to see some 3 star Louisiana guys head up to Boulder, personally.
Smol Chisa is a cute
Florida's aren't great
that schedule was insane and it held up at the end of the year.
*Julius Peppers wants to know your location*
Errbody 'bout to get BUCKed
Win away from hosting a Super Regional is not where I thought we would be not too long ago
He was honestly better the year before
we've already been serving it in some "premium areas" of the stadium lmao (Skyline Club and The Chute). and here's AD Scott Woodward's opinion on it before the ban was lifted: &gt;"I'm hoping for LSU's standpoint that we get a liberalization of the policy and see if we can serve it to our fans." I'd be shocked if they held off.
It's definitely not that. He's going to announce a Top 5 of LSU, Texas, Oklahoma, Notre Dame, and Ohio State. Plus, even Texas recruiting media believes LSU is still the leader there.
No, we fired him because he flat out refused to make changes necessary to keep the program relevant.
No, he wasn't selected BECAUSE he turned down offers of $1.8 million. Teams didnt want to waste their draft spots
She teasin'
He's fallen off for sure. Some feel that he's peaked or close to it already. Also has some shady advisor hanging around
Yeah, with the movie coming, I imagine they'll have the opportunity to accumulate even more somehow
&gt;OSU had the #1 offense by a wide margin in 2011. It was better than WVU and Oregon. &gt;You also gave up 530 yards of offense against WVU. Imagine what kind of #'s OSU would put up. OSU's offense was actually not "#1 by a wide margin". They were not #1 in points, yards, passing, etc. for raw stats. But fine if you want to go by S&amp;P+, they had them #1, but certainly not by a wide margin. Baylor and Oregon were right there behind them. Hell, WVU wasn't that far off at #14. What our defense (#2) did against Arkansas (#11), Bama (#13), and Oregon (#3) should say enough. Speaking of that, their defensive S&amp;P+ was down at #38. Our offense was up there at #18. Also, yards? Seriously? we beat WVU 47 to 21 and no one was questioning how dominant a performance it was because they outgained us in yards. Yeah, they put up some yards between the 20s. So what? That's their offense. They still couldn't score even close to enough. Nothing I've seen has convinced me Oklahoma State would have been that different.
Yeah, he was like the 6th WR in spring and that was with one guy moving to TE
I think we need to lose one more guy to hit 85. Wouldn't be surprised if it was another WR, tbh.
Unfortunately, it'll probably be Bama after his boy George just committed there.
that would be amazing and I honestly want to see it happen. Doubt even Frank Gore will still be playing in 3-4 years though. Maybe a team will give him a one day contract just so they can say they were the first father-son NFL duo, haha
Good. Forces them to join a conference for real instead of the sham deal with the ACC. Or treat them as potentially getting the G5 spot when they're higher. there's something that can be worked out, I'm sure.
That's it? Hell, they should ask for more.
From what I've read, we lead for Ransom with OVs to Texas, Notre Dame, and Ohio State to go. He wants to commit before his senior season and he's the #1 guy on the board. If something changes and he ends up picking someone else, Alford and Keshawn Lawrence become the focus. Not sure about Lawrence, but Alford seems to be a December decision.
Rock Lee vs Gaara. I really don't like Naruto and I'd still say that one.
If we end up with him, we can't possibly trade him away fast enough. I want nothing to do with Lonzo or his insane family
always updoot Chloe and Sachi
Holy crap, Chika
...Dabo what the fuck
Wow, great job!
I fucking love this! Well done, OP. The 8 bit Kiss of Death was pretty good too
Someone get Nintendo to pressure GameFreak with this. We'll wait for a better product
Common misconception, but I believe the islands off southern Cal were home to a dwarf variety of Columbian mammoth. Larger and less hairy than the woolly species.
Then the Pelicans pull out of the deal and 29 teams have serious reservations about trading with the Lakers ever again
You did ask
Hopefully Lavar stays his ass in Los Angeles
Nah, it's not weird. Especially after the cliffhanger ending to Volume 13. Gotta see how they get out of a jam like that!
Would be pretty surprising to only have 4 teeth though. Digging around in those creeks, you should have that many in about two minutes
I had real hope that one would get into US theaters...
Would LOVE to pair Ja with Zion and ship Ball out for another 1st round pick
Who wouldn't?
I'd be about it
Florida knew the odds were against them pulling a kid we want from Louisiana. Only one school has much success doing that.
it really is a great campus.
I know y'all have a ridiculous DL class again. He's just making a joke because we've had like 3 DTs commit in 72 hours.
you're welcome to take them back...please...
Code Geass still my #1 favorite anime. Just finished a rewatch a few weeks ago that reaffirmed its spot in my personal rankings
I'm with you, shield-brother
La Canfora by far the worst of the bunch. I'd say Prisco is maybe next
CamRon Jackson
Dunno. John Curtis runs the veer and Wren was used more like a gadget RB. It might take him some time to adjust. My guess is he competes for return spots right off the bat, though
If she was hot enough it probably has
Straight fight out of the blue? Yang. Given prep time? Batman.
No. Basketball could come up towards football, but Louisiana is state in which football is #1 at every level. That culture doesn't just disappear. NOLA can be a sports city instead of a football city, though
Now that was funny
Comment was deleted by the time I noticed. What did it say?
/u/zatch17 here's my doggo sleeping on my bed http://imgur.com/gallery/GTB7SHd
I'll RES tag you and hopefully get back to you at some point. Would be great to give mine a playmate
tbf he explicitly states that Darkness is his type in terms of body type
I really wanted a translation of both the OP and the ED
I just need to keep reading the manga. The high school AU one is pretty funny too
1) Fuck Finebaum 2) This is complete horseshit: &gt;"I don’t know because I'm not down there whether the criticism is deserved on Jimbo Fisher. You and everyone else knows damn well that the shitshow Florida State is in right now is Jimbo's fault in LARGE part. He crapped out on producing an OL his last couple of years and coached them to a losing record in his last year. Cupboard was bare for Taggart when he arrived. Whether you believe Taggart can do a good job eventually with the program or not, the man was royally screwed over by Jimbo's failure to keep up the quality of the most important position group on the team
He's got some family in Lake Charles
He's a LB, but yes, you are correct.
yeah, he was a sure thing to flip to Ohio State, then USC, then Bama, then Georgia.
man, kids get cold feet at the last minute and stay home all the time. Its a risk of recruiting out of region. Yeah, Maryland is a dumpster fire, but family is family.
Lmfao the dude may actually be cray. Why even wait? Everything has pointed to the idea that he signed with Georgia already
Moorehead is way too much of a fuck-up to be a JoJo.
&gt; banging Nick Saban's daughter this part was fake.
&gt; Andre Seldon yeah, that dude's fucking tiny, but potentially is an amazing nickel back
Steelers or Broncos, imo
easier to ask who wasn't their top target at some point or another.
he's a position versatile DB that probably ends up a nickel or safety in college. Not an outside corner at all. he was a 5 star two years ago, but kind of seems to have peaked already and has some speed and technique concerns that have dropped him like a stone in the rankings.
[speaking of great plays that didn't count, how about punter Brad Wing's 52 yard sprint for a touchdown on a 4th and 15 against Florida? Didn't count because of a fucking celebration rule. Load of damn rubbish rule.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3WKVMLX7yM)
Would be a big yikes
Yep. That sucked.
Lmao nice one. On a more serious note, though, imo y'all could never suffer enough. Will never forgive for 2011
For a little while there, I though Schiano was going to pull off a blockbuster signing. Hard to say no to Wisconsin as a RB
if he'd decided to pass on the NFL and stay in college, he'd still be at LSU. We were in CONSIDERABLY better shape than y'all and there's no way we'd have given him up no matter who came looking.
Uhhhh...no
Ryan Clark mentioning The Witcher? GEAUX TIGERS!
#GEAUX TIGERS
Florida State is a relatively easy trip down I-10 from home (New Orleans) while Knoxville is not. Wife, kids, and grandparents were the key here, not what Tennessee or Florida State did on their own.
with Gary Danielson leaving sportscasting to narrate it.
that sure sounds like he's decided to go back to school. Bias aside, that seems incredibly stupid. He's had three surgeries in two years for injuries, one of which could legitimately have been career-ending if things had been ever so slightly different. Risking further injury before going into the draft can only hurt his stock.
Think we're looking at a 28-24 kind of game.
&gt; We're the best WR group they'll face no doubt your WRs are elite, but do y'all have a better top 4 than Bama?
Even a short OVA series of like 4 or 5 episodes would be awesome. Damn that ED was so good.
Clemson has won two of the last couple...
Surprising absolutely no one there. Dude has felt like a lock from the beginning.
Back away slowly once I noticed it and try to keep as many trees as possible between it and myself. Definitely wouldn't try sneaking across in front of it. Animals have way better senses than us.
dual threat kid who has thrown the ball a lot? Could be interesting with Fritz calling the shots
I don't expect our offense or defense to fall off a cliff or anything, but we're going to lose a LOT of production from seniors and early draft departures (including multiple players they mention in our blurb as being important parts of the team next season). We shouldn't be ranked this high to begin the 2020 year, IMO.
Delpit and Chaisson for sure. I've heard that Edwards-Helaire will be declaring for the draft. Moss could go, but I think he'd lean to coming back. I'd bet that Charles is gone early. Cushenberry is one that really worries me. Him returning or leaving early will be HUGE for the OL next season, one way or another. Phillips and Queen might both go, but I think we have a better chance of keeping Queen. Stevens could go, but I think he may return. Praying Logan and Farrell stay another year, which I think is pretty likely. Magee, Divinity, Lewis, Lawrence, Fulton, and Fehoko are all seniors too. EDIT: How did I leave out Fulton
&gt; Jean and Pierre Lafitte would like a word... sorry, those two are our's. Find your own pirates.
the athletic department NEEDS to hire Will Stout after he graduates...that was goddamn incredible
But what about Stanley nickels?
You can argue that Lawrence has more long-term potential, a stronger arm, better NFL prospect etc., but as of this season? No, Burrow has been significantly better. Best player in the country and best QB in the country.
In the NFL you're (usually) paid more and don't have to deal with compliance or recruiting 24/7 365. The VAST majority of coaches prefer it.
Dumbshit in Chief is arriving at 6:05, supposedly. I-10 is gonna be shutdown as he is escorted directly to the Superdome at that point. Another result of his presence is that supposedly Superdome parking is off-limits, so things will be even tougher when it comes to parking Edit: apparently the parking situation is just pass only
No way I could afford a ticket to the game, so I'm holed up in the Tchoup Yard with hundreds of other LSU fans. Hope they run the game audio though. Pretty loud in here. GEAUX TIGERS!
Long fuckin' way to go
GEAUX FUCKING TIGERS! THAT SHiT WAS NEVER GOING TO HOLD FOREVER, CLEMSON
Uncharacteristic drops. All fucking night
Clemson's OL is every bit the challenge I thought they would be. Front 7 getting whooped on that drive
We may not be getting the sacks, but Lawrence is feeling the pressure for DAMN sure
Holy shit though. I can't even move here in Lucy's
Until this season I thought Cam Newton was the best college player of all time.
UP FOR WORK THIS MORNING. HUNG OVER AS FUCK, BUT I'M MANAGING. GODDAMNIT I CAN'T BELIEVE WE FUCKING DID IT, HAHAHAHA! LAST NIGHT WAS AS INSANE AFTER THE GAME AS IT WAS DURING! JOE BURROW JUST HAD THE GREATEST QB SEASON OF ALL TIME AND IT HAPPENED AT LSU! HOLY SHIT, I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE IT. GREATEST SEASON OF ALL TIME!
Nick Fairley carried that unit though. He was a goddamn earthshaker of a DT
Gave up 24. Vandy fell on a fumble in the endzone for a score and a backup threw a pick six late to give them another score.
by 0.4%. That first quarter against Clemson is what did it.
We won it all, so it is what it is. If he's gone, then thanks for everything. Season basically couldn't have gone better. Would have been amazing to keep him, but I wasn't really expecting it once NFL teams seemed willing to let him run the show. I trust Orgeron to make another hire. We still have Ensminger too.
unless Oregon hires him as OC.
interviewed with Oregon today according to FootballScoop
*checks flair* *shakes head sadly*
think that'll mostly be because we won't come after him though.
That's nuts. Are they getting hyped because our receivers are good? Hate to break it to them, but Joseph hasn't played much of a hand in that. Last year we had Jerry Sullivan as passing game coordinator to help coach up the WRs and this year Brady was even bigger in that respect. Joseph is basically on staff exclusively to recruit New Orleans. He hasn't proven to be much of an actual coach at all yet. There's no way in hell I would give him an OC job at this level. Edit: Thought about and honestly, I wouldn't be upset at all if he left since that would give us the opening we need to put Frank Wilson back where he belongs (on our staff)
Urban's coming back to be LSU's passing game coordinator. less than half the responsibility, all the weapons on offense /s
damn AP needed to get with the damn program
that's awful. Sorry to hear that on both counts. Christ, the Baton Rouge Serial Killer himself? that's terrifying
Nah, I bet he goes on Day 2
Compliance is gonna want to ban Odell for a few years, lol. To start with.
The apocryphal season
ELITE nose tackle. Everyone close to him was saying that he was coming back, but that's great to hear. If we can run a starting DL of Logan, Shelvin, and Farrell out there, that would be MASSIVE for the quality of the defense next year. Not to mention the nose tackle rotation between Shelvin, Siaki Ika, and Jacobian Guillory (he's seemed pretty ready for action, despite the fact that he'll be a true freshman)
Day 2 is my guess
Agreed. Their career lifespan is even more limited than that of other positions. Pretty surprised Hubbard (Ok. State) and Harris (Bama) decided to stay.
I'd say they have a bunch of RBs including a recent 1st round pick in Michel, but you never know what Belichick will do and he LOVES versatility in a back...
[Meh, Penn State vs LSU is a wash in that realm.](http://www.winsipedia.com/penn-state/vs/lsu) I'd honestly look more favorably at what we've done than what they have.
Internal promotion for DC? I don't know, but I'd be kinda surprised.
Good. Crank out some more of The Witcher
we already weren't going to, lmao
9-3 to 10-2. We aren't going 11-1 barring massive development from young guys and Orgeron nailing some more homerun hires, which is a lot to ask given how many he's going to be making.
no idea how he will be as DC, but should be decent with Aranda in his ear on that front. Busch really shines as a recruiter, though. He's great at that.
they shouldn't be, but they'll pretend to be. Chaisson was a three year player the minute he arrived.
Fucking hate him so much. This is supposed to be about LSU...
anyone know what food they got?
Now that's a HUGE surprise. He's the favorite for the Doak next year for sure
Theoretically, they could change their minds and file paperwork for the draft by close of business on Monday, but that's extremely unlikely. Once Monday comes and goes, it is over
Busch is really a national recruiter rather than a Louisiana guy. He can go just about anywhere in the upper half of the East coach, Ohio, parts of California, Utah, and have a lot of connections. He didn't do a lot in Louisiana for us. Worked his ass off nationally, though
Yeah, I meant opposite Brooks. We'll have to see how he does going full-time, but he's made an impact on the field already
Honestly surprised Shoop didn't get another DC offer. He did a very good job with Mississippi State's defense. Offense was the problem there. Wondering if LSU may look at him with Aranda taking over the Baylor job and Bill Busch (safeties coach) likely going to join him as the DC
Early money sounds like it should be on Kris Richard anyway, but I'm not sure how much further Orgeron will decide to look. Can't imagine they'd lock into just one guy that quickly
y'all had no chance. He long pre-dates Aranda at LSU, he's a Louisiana native, an LSU alumnus, and we pay assistants a lot more than y'all. You will likely get a couple, but you'd need to be giving them promotions. Seems like you'll get two of our analysts, likely as position coaches, and our safeties coach moving up to be y'all's DC
lolno.
Meatball was actually an analyst this year. Bill Johnson was our DL coach.
apparently, Meatball is still on the road recruiting for LSU and has not taken another job at this point. This report may have been very premature.
nope. but they're conducting an outside search instead of just promoting him directly. He wouldn't be leaving if he was a candidate for the job. They must just think he's not ready or not right for the position.
going with one that not everyone will mention. Loved the series with Washington. I wasn't able to make it up to Seattle for that game, but I had a blast tailgating and partying with the UW fans when they came to Baton Rouge. They traveled pretty well, too
Baylor's bears are black bears. They'd have no chance. There are places where it has been documented that black bears make up a significant portion of a tiger's diet
I have no problem with analysts getting promotions, lol.
Fuck yes, pls
Thanks, von Stroheim
In New Orleans, it's usually cocktails with breakfast instead
I know the connection here is that Clemson just signed his QB, but Jesus Christ. CU may stand for "California University" the way Clemson is rolling out on the opposite coast. With them as the favorite for Foreman now too
Honestly, I don't care who reports a silent, I'll never think of it as much more than indicating a potential leader. FWIW though, I don't think this one stays silent for long.
maybe the most ridiculously productive Junior Day weekend you'll ever see. Clemson picked up [Foreman](https://247sports.com/Player/Korey-Foreman-46056100/), [WR Beaux Collins](https://247sports.com/player/beaux-collins-46049126/), [DE Cade Denhoff](https://247sports.com/player/cade-denhoff-46082006/), and [TE Jake Briningstool](https://247sports.com/player/jake-briningstool-46059365/). All really highly rated guys and Foreman is the #1 player in the country in 2021
I know, disappointing. California, though. That's Clemson land
Not a lock to anyone. Legitimately seems like he could go in multiple directions. Thankfully, we don't have all our eggs in any one basket there. Staff has a couple of 4 star guys they are very high on as well
Happy to help, haha
At this point, there are two guys that I figure have guaranteed spots in the class if they want one. DT McKinley Jackson and DE Jordan Burch. We seem to be in 3rd place for Jackson, so I don't expect him to end up in Baton Rouge. Burch seems much more likely at this point. Could see him ending up with us or back in South Carolina. Cam'Ron Jackson and Ty'Kiest Crawford are guys that will have to go beyond NSD but still could end up in the class if their academics get in order. Kinda like Justin Jefferson back when he signed late. Spots could also end up getting left open for transfers. Could maybe see a sleeper slip in at the end too, depending.
weirdly, it was #3 in yardage all three years
Do I see a doggo reflection in that last picture? Dog tax?
lol, almost all of them. the dudes leaving are analysts.
Analysts don't get publicity for the most part, unless they used to be head coaches somewhere. Unless you're paying INCREDIBLY close attention, you don't know the names of more than one or two.
most of the time in Louisiana, the best athlete on the team gets put at QB because they run well. Lot of guys come out of Louisiana playing WR, RB, CB, etc. in college after playing QB in high school
It was basically an animated Danmachi shitpost
Yep
yeah, you're probably right. I meant more in the nature of walking past and peeking inside rather than actually going in and eating or something. &gt;Plus there's so much other awesome stuff to check out you're not wrong there. My schedule is PACKED with things I want to do, even though I know there's no chance I'll be able to hit everything &gt;make sure to check out teamLab Planets near Shijo-mae Station, it's an incredible immersive art experience. never been a big art fan, but that looks awesome. Thanks for the tip
Defending national champs! Fuck yeah!
still waiting for Alabama to make a late run and make it close, lmao
brother isn't there anymore. My guess is that he either goes elsewhere in-state or somewhere else relatively close to home
nah, its fine. he was pretty clearly not going to see the field.
I mean, why not? He's been silently committed to basically everyone else in the SEC at this point.
maybe if your two flairs weren't hiding the secret formula! Can we like...trade a DB or a WR for an OT? seriously...
lot of people in here have said it, but goddamn, Rocky Top is pretty great. Took a road trip to the Smokies with my friends last summer and we were all singing it as soon as we hit the state line, haha.
&gt; LSU: As a Cleveland Browns fans, I like to keep tabs on our future players. lmao. its true though.
&gt; they lost their OC, DC and a lot of the staff. nope. some common misconceptions here. OC and primary playcaller was Ensminger and he's still here. Brady was the passing game coordinator. Most of the people who left weren't actually position or assistant coaches. They were grad assistants or analysts that got promotions. The only position coach who left was Tommie Robinson and they let his contract expire without an extension.
&gt; Especially with what they pulled last year with the locker room AC. that "report" seems to have been 100% bullshit (weirdly, the article was written by a Texas alumnus), so I'd go ahead and retcon that idea from your brain.
Most likely. IMO he's not quite on the level of the other two though. Could be excellent, but he's pretty raw. Needs to develop for maybe two years, but the ceiling is there. Latham or Leigh could see the field as true freshmen
Really thought we had a serious shot at stealing this guy from y'all, A&amp;M. Good get.
Yeah, you have to hand it to Hajime. He's an annoying and over the top edge lord, but he shoots to kill instead of that bullcrap
More times than I can count, lmao
They do, just not that consistently. Hell, they just added Southern and Grambling to the future schedule for the first time. Now that I look at your flair, I suppose you're referring to Tulane, though I think the "problem" there is that LSU wants to host one offs and Tulane would like a return game at Yulman.
no, he was a take for them. He just decided to shut things down since he wasn't going to get the chance to visit LSU or Alabama during the summer and his heart was always at USC anyway.
...god damn, the Pelicans stuff almost looks better football style. That's looks incredible. Naturally Saints black and gold would make a fantastic basketball get-up
Ayyyy, what up? Love me some Ft. Collins
Roll around and around the toilet bowl! Geaux Tigers!
Cenla might be, but there's loads of Waffle Houses if you go further south and basically no Huddle Houses
I just got an off-brand one off Amazon. Came in today. Its smaller and has more features than the official one and it cost me about $60 less than an official refurbished one would have.
Give Burrow 20 years Jk...maybe
It is difficult to put into words how disappointed I am with Drew.
He signed a television deal with NBC for football analysis. What about that seems like politics to you?
We've mostly been doing home and homes lately, but it wouldn't surprise me if this turned out to be neutral
I'd be ecstatic with that
And that's dumb. No one knows
Agreed. Love the witch costumes
Agree here.
Great story to go with a cool find, then.
Which one. I wanna go see and tell them to fuck themselves
Their 247 guy being Taylor Hamm for years was pretty bad too
I'm still mad they took his touchdown away
And a crapload of the ones before too
Infinite bonus points if they beat Bama in the SEC Championship
I'm gonna disagree with you. Yes, it's a city of over 100K on it's own, but the young, energetic vibe is 100% there. Absolutely feels like a college town to me. If you're talking about the NIMBYs, those people are everywhere now
Not In My BackYard
Cooked food always tastes better in the field. Although eventually you tend to get lazy and cook less. Unless the field team rotates the food responsibilities
Lol, ok. Just had to check, haha
That's not arguable, it's a fact
This is just exciting as hell. Not gonna lie.
Crown jewel of the announcement and it's not close, IMO. The day it becomes available is the day I get a PS5
O’Neal’s College Records and Highlights: - Two-time consensus Southeastern Conference Player of the Year and first-team All-American, 1991-1992. Most Valuable Player on SEC Coaches Defensive Team, 1991-1992. - National Player of the Year as chosen by the Associated Press (Rupp Award), United Press International, L. A. Gear and Sports Illustrated, 1991. Winner of the Tanqueray World Amateur Athlete of the Year Award, 1991. - Southeastern Conference Athlete of the Year, 1991-1992. National Player of the Year as chosen by L. A. Gear, 1992 and runner-up for the Naismith Award and the John Wooden Award, 1992. - Set SEC record for most blocks in a season three consecutive years (115-1990, 140-1991, 157-1992). Set SEC record for career blocks with 412. Blocked five or more shots in a game 45 times in 90 career games. - Set SEC single game record with 12 blocks against Loyola Marymount in Feb. 1990. Blocked 11 shots against Brigham Young in the first round of the NCAA Tournament, setting a then-tournament standard for a single game, 1992. - Averaged a national sophomore-record 5.0 blocked shots a game, 1991. National leader in blocked shots (5.2 average), 1992. - National leader in rebounding (14.7 average), 1991. Second nationally in rebounding (14.0 average), 1992. - First player to lead the Southeastern Conference in scoring, rebounding, field goal percentage and blocked shots in the same season, 1991. Led SEC in rebounding, field goal percentage, blocked shots and second in scoring, 1992. First player to lead the SEC in rebounding three straight seasons since Charles Barkley of Auburn, 1982-84. - Finished with 1,217 rebounds, seventh all-time in the Southeastern Conference, second all-time at LSU. - Finished with 1,941 points, fourth all-time at LSU behind only Pete Maravich (3,667-1967-70), Durand Macklin (2,080-1976-78; 79-81) and Howard Carter (1,942-1979-83). - Career field goal percentage of 61.0 percent is second all-time at LSU and in the SEC (minimum 1,000 attempts). - Had six career triple-doubles (points, rebounds and blocks in same game). - Was the third LSU player (Pete Maravich and Chris Jackson) to have at least two 700-plus point seasons at LSU. - Was the first LSU player to record back-to-back 400-plus rebound seasons. tl;dr - really fucking good
first 2022 QB to commit has shut it down! LSU legacy (dad was an LSU QB back in the 90's) and he's lit up camps everywhere from Alabama to Notre Dame despite not starting a game in high school yet. EDIT: If National Signing Day were today, Howard would be the highest-ranked, pro-style quarterback LSU has signed since Jamarcus Russell in 2003. (the caveat being that Perrilloux and Shepard were ranked higher, but they were considered dual threats)
yeah, state has been lacking at producing QBs for a while and suddenly Howard, Holstein, and Manning in back to back classes.
Well obviously. Not like we haven't successfully recruited 5 stars before, though. LSU will be near the top of his list and in that one until the end.
&gt; The Manning's aren't even letting him receive offers at this point. not publicly, but they've visited places on the DL and coaching staffs have made it clear that he has offers to play.
QB and OT are the two biggest spots. 2022 has two high quality guys at tackle as well
not unexpected at this point, but definitely vomit-inducing. He's elite. Like, really, REALLY elite. Unfortunately, he's going to be incredible for Alabama. IMO he's one of the two best players in the country for the 2021 class. EDIT: Latham is going to pair with Tommy Brockermeyer to give Alabama the most absurdly good pair of bookend tackles in one recruiting class that I've seen. Fuck.
Apparently he's mainly considering 4 schools at this point: Florida, LSU, Alabama, and Georgia. Open to others as well, though. Definitely sounds like he wants to go through the process some more
Too close to our NFLSU, sorry /s
Agreed. She is so cute
That would be awesome...
&gt;If we win the Pac-12 and make the CFP, I would put a 75% on him committing to Oregon. This is extremely overly optimistic
He said yes, didn't he
Mine struggles with the cut scenes, but runs everything else fine.
✅ Reminder successful!
Seconding the person saying it's a canid premolar
sums it up nicely
well...guess I'll add those to the list...
I disagree
Greg Biggins (247 West Regional recruiting reporter) on 247 a few days ago responding to a question about Georgia &gt; I think UGA is for sure up there, would put them top 3 along with LSU and USC and it feels like those 3 probably have a decent gap from everyone else right now. on LSU: &gt;Saw Korey at a workout yesterday and he looked very good. LSU is on the short list, probably no worse then his top 2-3 right now. in that article covering the interview itself, Foreman himself mentions LSU, USC, Georgia, Clemson, and Alabama (he's not giving a list, just talking about schools). Doesn't mention Oregon. Mentions that he talks to the first three on the list every day He may not have been asked about Oregon, but if its supposedly an Oregon-USC battle that comes down to basically who wins the Pac-12, it sure as hell doesn't sound like it to me. I think when he released his top 5 or 7 or whatever, Oregon will be on the list, fwiw, but I think its erroneous to label this recruitment an Oregon-USC battle and that's it.
I don't think he was ever going to play for us on the DL. Maybe at OT, but he's not worth tearing your hair out over. Pretty good chance we sign multiple OTs with better ceilings in this class on top of Dumervil last cycle
I think Bowden was the only person to beat out an LSU player for a major award last year. He got the Hornung over Clyde Edwards-Helaire
Love it. Tulane is really using their resources to help their student athletes in a creative way.
It definitely is not. He set a goal and has been working his ass off for sure. Not sure if he qualified yet or is just getting close, but definitely wishing him the best.
Unless the crowd is throwing things onto the field, that's not gonna happen
People are going out to bars in Tigerland with big crowds and then spreading it all over the place. There are just too many people with the wrong attitude all over the country about the virus for me to believe we'll have a season.
Her gag in the anime is hilarious. I really wish it was in the game somewhere.
Trieu has been pretty clear in saying Michigan was 2nd. At least based on today and yesterday
we weren't recruiting him at this point. we were much more involved early in that recruitment, but haven't been for a while now. we're full steam ahead for in-state guys Brian Thomas and Chris Hilton at WR and that would fill us up at 4 players at that position. If Thomas decided to pick Bama, the next look after that would likely be J. Michael Sturdivant
No, because 60% of us go to Texas to get jobs after graduating anyway, lol.
It's kind of embarrassing that you don't he was our passing game ***coordinator***
Correct
he's a character, but as far as I know has been a model citizen in Baton Rouge so far in those terms.
purely based on geography. his intent seems to be going home
there's talent there, but he just never lived up to his ranking out of high school. We had guys that kept getting ahead of him on the depth chart. An injury in 2018 didn't help. Think he had a start against Auburn a long while back, but not much more than that outside of some relief time. EDIT: found stats. 29 games with 21 tackles, one tackle for loss and two pass breakups
tbf he's originally a Texas Monroe
247 had him as the #1 safety in the country with the composite still putting him at #3
This is the kind of town I'd put in my D&amp;D campaign.
