Still fits honestly.
Sure but pretty much everyone has an aoe stun.
2.2m isn't hard even as a shadow priest. The problems is that 1. They take too long to ramp up, when these classes do it instantly and 2. Pretty much no defense at all. Of course a priest can do over 20s, but bringing one is a hindrance over other classes.
The amount of weeks between then and now will give them a significant amount of both experience and player power from mythic raids, weekly caches, and just general m+ farming. +30 will happen before 8.0, but when it happens I'm not sure.
Shadow can do it on raid bosses too, they just build up to it as opposed to others who burst hard then fall off.
This is damn near incoherent.
Well memed
Wait, just to be clear, you were giving it a second between casts right? If you chain superheat too much it will cancel, but if you wait to recast when your character starts the mining animation again then it won't interupt.
Unfortunate. That does hurt options a lot. I'm not the best at calculating efficiency. But there are other methods that mostly involve slayer for ore, or just taking a perf juju and getting smith xp only from that (ends up being around 60k average, I think?)
No I didn't miss it. Because I already addressed shit like that. I'm done wasting my time with you. You only care about your opinion and everyone else is wrong.
Don't take that with any grain of salt, it's been forever and is heavily based on proc luck. But you can still use the ore you get from it at artisans.
Cut teaks for wc xp
Not at all. Even if I met someone with that name, I would instantly assume they came from France.
These people have redefined "diverse" to mean "black". I don't know where I saw it, but there was some picture or clip of a lady getting rid of all the non black people in a room, then after they were all gone commenting on how they finally made the room diverse.
This lol
I think priests are way squished. At least as shadow.
You just stole this from /r/teefies tho
No, because then he would have given proper credit.
He's fire striking
Woosh
His name also means Dirt/Soil.
Osu standard or Osu!mania? Basically just practice a shit ton until your fingers can move independently easier.
99.9% of them are fake incest anyway..
Where did you find out about those things?
Additional loot, and the higher you go the higher chance of items titanforging. Plus the challenge of it is fun for some people.
Well all of earths oceans are connected but we name different regions of it different things
So don't play it. I'll never understand the hate for it. If you don't like it just don't play it. Who cares.
Plenty of people want it so it's for them. And that's besides the fact that it's largely a TAPP project so that's not even a factor anyway.
Fair enough I misread. But it's still TAPP time so I hope people aren't trying to dictate what jmods do during their own personal time.
To be fair it is used by literally everyone though so it runs out fast. And I say that as someone who loves the meme.
I'm not really seeing it either.
It's soap
1. Know the dungeon inside and out 2. Swap gear constantly
This guy corporates.
Sorry I can't talk I'm mute
I agree she's terrible but insulting her appearance doesn't really help and serves no purpose. We're better than that.
Nah, I don't buy that shit. But whatever, you can keep doing whatever you want. I'll just continue not also being a terrible person.
Tbf you'd probably faceplant into a metal/ concrete beam, THEN fall into knee deep water.
This is mostly it.
Most of them sell for gold which is entirely legal. The rest that do real money, just report them.
Premade group filter is your friend
The entire story I just felt bad for Jeff.
Storm is trivial if you have eyes
Yeah, just look at the ground. Or look at where other people are standing. The only difficult part is getting other people to not walk into you.
Yeah then you just carry every game and climb back to where you should be. I fail to see the issue.
Idk who that is
They exist outside what we know of as death. As long as the body is intact I'm sure he'll be back.
We never got the legacy damage buff in Mop content though. They just buffed the hp for some reason.
Yeah except surely the DPCT on moonfire/sunfire is higher than wrath even for resto.
The rogue bug was fixed and that has nothing to do with the fps issue
That's not what I was talking about though.
None of us relogged so I won't dispute it maybe being fixed. But hopefully it was because it was total hell.
Um, what? Do you even know what that stands for?
If the moonfire dot does 90k damage or more total then it's higher dpct
What would you class as playmaking supports?
But you still attempting baron without him is just as bad.
Only continue if you enjoy the worldbuilding and writing. If you're only doing it to seek recognition, that might not be the best reason to continue.
Not sure when I ever said spam moonfire nor did I see someone else say that
Yeah, I was arguing it was worth keeping the dots up. Never once tried to imply you sit there spamming it, if you said that then I just didn't read it that thoroughly and only saw "oh don't bother with dots just spam wrath"
I don't think you really understand his character arc.
You're joking right lol
The correct way is for everyone's voice to matter equally.
He could be sincere about that but still addicted to it. There's too much to jyst assume the worst in someone
&gt;Obama
I've only seen bits and pieces when it's on tv at work, but i got the impression he was just a total idiot and nobody knew why he was still there.
Obviously
Nah, he meant it like this; And that ("that" being the budget) after the shutdowns (occured) He's missing a comma that would make it more obvious.
Moe Szylak? As in the bartender?
Same, mild tinnitus and anxiety out the wazoo
The professional raider line confirms it's a meme
I agree to an extent, but valsharah is supposed to be a dense forest. The other zones are all very open.
Yeah you should be fine for most of it
That's more like a quarter second unless the video is sped up
Was he actually gay though? Because other people can get aids, and I'm sure even back then.
Fucking scumbags hot damn
And then there's [this shit](https://www.ar15.com/forums/General/SEE-IT-Sen-Tammy-Duckworth-blasts-President-Trump-as-five-deferment-draft-dodger-/5-2073151/)
looks like he could have easily fallen onto the tracks
Hopefully
Yeah but I'd like to know for the games I play before that. Do we know when that change will go live?
In silver people rarely do baron even if we ace the other team with no lanes pushed
I'd rather not keep swallowing phlegm for it to just come back up later anyway. I try to do it into the grass in a corner or something usually.
Really has nothing to do with stardew, but it's a horror-romance visual novel
I don't really want ignorant people like you in my country either.
Using a random horrible video as a shitty excuse to make a political statement in support of the most ignorant person to have ever seen the white house.
I'm waiting for the teams next game personally
No. I'm saying that trying to make the two related is fucking stupid and entirely unnecessary.
Yes yes I'm sure I am
What show is the picture from?
Mirai Nikki ova? I don't remember that scene at all
That time it was a joke I'm sure
Certainly doesn't in silver either lol
Yeah I actually was surprised by how decent it was
\ before any Reddit code nullifies it
It's much less common in American English but it still sees use.
Obviously different for me because I live within 2hr of Waco, but most people I know are vaguely aware of it.
Nobody believes that either
I don't see why the group comp would be any different, doing such high keys is absolutely about having monstrous dps just as much as having proper strategies.
You can't say they're all true with only a single experience. My community college wasn't the best,but it was fine enough.
She's not forcing sexual contact. It's not rape. It's plenty of other wrong things, but you can't just slap the word on everything.
Ye
That was a sick may-may.
Clinton didn't lie. Right before he made that statement they made perfectly clear that blowjob would not be considered sexual relations.
They should just make it regen in combat then.
Truly a shocking development indeed.
Nightmare tho
What buff are you referring to? Personally I can't stand crash and usually don't use it in higher keys when mobs live long enough to benefit from lotv shadow damage increase
Did filthy frank quit making videos or something, I'm out of the loop
Yeah in fairness we don't do *everything*, just what worth doing. Still some alching summoning pouches and stuff, and obviously primal knives when you get lucky! But a lot of things, if we pick up, just sell. Like we make staves with logs we cut and sell to smuggler, the extra time spent alching isn't worth the money you get.
Seems too sweaty for the tiny gain lol but I might try it
High alch is 2x price of smuggler buy price
Damn that's shitty I never particularly liked him but I know lots of people who did
I usually have no issue at all making it to 30 while using torrent immediately unless there's a ton of badly times movement. I have 15k haste.
Yes. Around 14.8k haste and 14.3k crit It might just be my high crit but either way play around what you're able to do. If you're doing the correct priority and not moving but unable to hold VF then use torrent later to help out.
Yep, same for regular items and general store as well.
Yep, low alchs is 1.5x I think
Same on both counts! Grats OP
UNT Denton TX
Still a thing lol Regular furs hate them (gf is a furry)
Nemi plus frost dragons
Who actually did that though
I mean, that's what the word means even in the real world too.
When? Because the entire point of everything sargeras did was to prevent a void titan from existing because they would be unstoppable.
&gt;everybody knows how to tank tower shots in a dive You clearly don't play at low elo.
The overwhelming majority of illegal immigrants are those who came here legally on a visa then just didn't go home. I'm not really sure how much that changes your argument beyond the kids coming legally originally, but people seem to think they all just walk across the desert into Texas and they're here.
In a few months, they are completely changing world PvP at the most fundamental level. I know that's still quite a ways away, but Emerald Dream probably has what you're looking for if you're US.
They're actually mortal enemies aren't they
Looks like some 40k shit
TIL specifically where hunter2 started
Don't worry neither does 99% of america
Like that guy who was told something would fall on his head, so he spent all his time outside, then an eagle dropped a turtle on his head anyway and killed him
Autism, no. You're probably thinking of ADD or ADHD.
People who are only there for abilities and don't want achto do
35 bm kills 0 codex Feels good
I mean sure but I can spend teci on nothing or on abilities For me not to spend on abilities is dumb as shit when it would rot there regardless
I just use the full sliske set and forego a little prayer points for extra xp
Yes, for the most part katakana is used for foreign words, in your case animals. I'm not 100% on why tobacco is in hiragana, I had it explained once but I'm not 100% on it.
Some soccer guy. That's about it.
I'd support that
I'd use it for skilling but definitely agree it needs buffing
Nah they were supposed to be around the same difficulty. Duoing 7man mode would be that though.
Yea you'd get slayer to 120 too :)
Is there some context to it or is it literally what it seems to be
It says this on the bottom
Buying skills at the ge was boring, and I wanted more competition options on high scores.
He's asking which is better
"Runescape has spaghetti code wtf of course it's hard when it's so weird and dumb and old" "Wtf just a stupid excuse how hard could it possibly be coding is easy I spent 5 minutes reading about it"
Technically asr switch is worth too lol
Can anyone explain the pic, like what happened?
\ before the \#
What does it do? They're very straightforward
I've never once seen any warning whatsoever. it just immediately force logs you
I'd just melee them with upgraded darklight
Gosh
Sure why not
Not a gif, but [not a spoiler, trust me](https://youtu.be/t7h__sb87L4)
And absolutely horrendous English
It would be impossible for that without spoiling the shit out of it. The only reason it isn't a spoiler is just because there's no context to it. If you still want it lemme know
Nice :) hope you enjoy it
To be fair menaphos is unlocked after a10 minute quest with no requirements
Fuck naw y'all cray
What specifically are you referring to? Most things I remember were story related
They can understand him in some bits where they need to, but other times they just ignore completely the fact that he's talking. Like the episode where they show us a "normal" day through stewies eyes and Lois just treats him like a baby while he insults hwr
It's the opening scene at the beginning of the 2nd arc in the anime. It's not a spoiler because ALL information that is relevant to the plot isn't there, or you don't know about it.
Can't you just take the spot of someone who killed bm then go in and kill yaka
I find the boss much easier with lance just because it's so much shorter
No sometimes it does skip the first melee if it takes too long to get to you
Seems like it's very similar to the rs3 daily challenge system
A tip for being perfect distance in phase 4, as soon as the cutscene ends walk one square northwest, then one square east and escape and you are in scythe melee distance.
It's mostly likely just berserk usage and rotations. My record was 4:30 in bandos and a lance.
No it's just supposed to be no trading. Its really not a challenge it's just annoying at times
50/50 chance
I'm majoring in Japanese atm and am about N4 level. Unfortunately can't use hiragana or kanji in game so kind of hard though Rsn soulg Senpai if you wanna add me though
Tbf that looks like vuhdo and not base frames, but I do still agree with you totally
I enjoy the new movies.
Trim comp should require mqc honestly
Idk I've always just camped ss so it wasn't an issue but it absolutely happens semi frequently
Volcano is 火 and 山, fire mountain
I'm aware, still something I enjoy
Both of your paths are very good. I'd recommend crafting in dg, which would slow it down quite a bit but get you an insane amount of xp in other skills along the way and add a bit of afk to it.
You seem like a pleasant adult individual
Well hold on now, it says *your* feelings, obviously theirs are much more important and should be cherished
You do realize that Trump has repeatedly advocated for the limiting or removal of the first amendment right? The correspondents dinner is about roasting the administration. Sorry that the accuracy was hurtful, but she didn't do anything wrong.
Congrats :) welcome to your new home lol
Manlover is anything but serious lol
Yeah most of it is from before he quit a few years ago, and the current stuff isn't generally the best, just what he personally is planning on doing. You're always welcome to post questions here though, there's several people who regularly post who know more than I do for the more complex questions involving skilling.
Those signs are incredibly common.
A few additional notes; Bind a strong gatherers potion, any little bit helps. If you're nearly finished clearing the floor and you haven't found any fishing spots yet, then mine promethium ore to use with your blue pouches; using logs should be your last resort as staves sell for a decent bit. To improve clear times, kill enemies as you gather by using an ability then clicking back on the resource. If timed correctly you will continuously chop/fish while firing abilities.
Yep
Didn't even notice
The best option (discounting things like fletching for components) is actually doing some floors as if you're crafting, but buying t1 logs and making traps. Very good fletching xp
Who the fuck would 2tick for 300k when you can fully ago for 180k lmao
I get 500k with contracts lol
He specifically talks about the farming one if you read the whole thing
Yeah
No, they're both of these things lol
No, it's all about the time spent to gain xp. if that's confusing then you just need to remember that it doesn't necessarily imply grindability
No, I'm not lol
Yep exactly. I report anyway out of the principle, but at the end of the day I know that there will probably be nothing done and also I had to spend time finding a new spot, if I at least knew something would happen to them because of it it wouldn't be so frustrating, and it would probably lower the amount of it that happens.
You clearly don't know the point of that law then
I did, but I can also make a post. Maybe you should grow up for deciding to make such a useless comment? Makes just as much sense
Keep it as an unlockable of some sort? :)
I'm anything but a snowflake LOL
I'm sure your life will get better at some point
Yeah man taking 30 seconds to make a post that got people talking is basically the move of a baby yep
Like I give a fuck, took no time whatsoever and I immediately moved on with my life afterwards. Stop clogging my inbox thx
Be my guest kid, I don't give a shit what you do
99ftw.com has runesphere spawn times
Right? My first thought was how true the tweet actually is.
Don't be a retard then lol Complaining in place of the people who actually would be bothered, I don't care about what random worthless neckbeards have to say to make themselves feel better about their shitty life. The game needs new players and having people so toxic running rampant will only hurt logterm
Nobody mentioned politics but nice try with the most overused troll attempt on the internet
Lmao fuckin retard
Don't insult us skillers :(
Can you take me bm
"I can't do it therefore nobody can"
Check my edit about bladed dive
That's the entire point. It takes the same amount of time but you afk for longer (minus the 2clicks inbetween) so I don't really see the point
Grouping it together can help depending on what you're doing. But I don't see myself ever really bothering with this.
Motivation is hard, but you can't rely on it. You have to force yourself to do it whether you want to or not. Personally my motivation is that I want to look more attractive, and the most effective way for that is to continue working out. That's also specifically what pushed me to do legs, even though I hate them I still force myself to do them so I don't look weird in the future.
Yes they can
By that logic he shouldn't have been at magister then
Suggestions for trading untradeables; araxxi leg pieces and hilts, as well as ascension signets. A perfect example of the group mentality such as this, to me, is helping each other. If one person is going dry on quintus but has an abundance of sextus,and another member is the opposite, they could trade. Same with araxxi. Just a suggestion dont flame too hard pls
He's a legend
On hardcore too or would you go for a bit extra gear first?
I'd join and hang
The president is a racist and a liar. Fact.
Hmmmmm too bad the majority aren't autistic
Tbh i dont understand how playing your way could possibly be fun but I respect that it is for you and only want you to do the same. The people who try and force others to be efficient are dicks, plenty of us are nice and will be helpful if asked without being pushy and not care about how you choose to play the game.
What's the chance on defender blocking and is relying on that worth losing some reso heal
Internet meme usage aside, I mean
Nah you're using it as an excuse. Granted you're completely free to read them or not and it's nobody else's buisness, but that's just a shitty excuse.
You can take off the item that has crackling on it.
Did they make dark magic stack? If not make sure you aren't doubling up on it.
You can just take the beatmap directly from osu into hexis
Sunspears welcome
A neat idea, but no, agility is the only skill left that is actually impressive.
Mtx isn't going away just deal with it lol
Op is an ironman. It would be far easier to get 200m summoning add ironman because as it stands we need like 300k yak hide
4-5 minutes with mobile and yak I support hide packs but that's more because I don't want to buy them for 200 more days
Honestly ill concede that. I haven't been there in years but I've always just assumed it was luls, but your statement is very plausible.
Yes please Jesus
If you leave a group your account is made a regular account. Not Iron man, just a normal account.
Do they pay you like uber would?
Biting and ed3 both benefit
This seems like clear cut satire honestly
Glad I thought ahead and saved this https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/316042655660376064/459104918914203648/unknown.png
Some people aren't social and don't really need that. Everyone is different.
Smartest way to do it.
Probably can use sephuz for the Sprint
Nah, "do" is for multiple nouns while "does" is for singular. "How does he do it?" "How do they do it?" In this case, they're using jump rope as a singular noun in reference to the name of the workout involving them.
Hmm, I wasn't thinking about the stuff before it. It depends on how you phrase it. I'm not entirely sure of the finer points, but in the video title "does" sounds more natural than "do". I'm not an English teacher (but I want to be in the future so I'd love to be wrong!) I think it would be fine with "does bench pressing work", or "does benching work".
That's not his problem lol
Will the $11 meme ever stop
Ya it's so fucking stupid, like 99% of the people here buy bonds with gp anyway, who the fuck cares about $1 more
Nah farming is very easy
If all you want is xp, you need only to do a tree run before you log off for the night. I understand motivation can be tough sometimes, but it's incredibly fast if you stay disciplined within reason.
There's a new acolyte of seiryu slayer contract. Though they are significantly worse as a limited contract than the normal skilling ones.
Because that might lead to increased funding for NASA, which liberals want, which makes it evil and communist .
Yeah what kind of God awful country would spend money on keeping it's citizens healthy. Shithole if you ask me. (And 50% is a quite incredible feat of hyperbole, nice job there)
Fuck I thought that was an ahegao jacket
"MAGA hat wearing" means trump supporter. Nothing more. You're trying to be a pedantic asshole and not even succeeding because you're flat out wrong.
It's *very* difficult to prove something like that in court.
Fair enough. That makes sense.
Yeah it was great but it was obviously broken
Russia aside, ww2 was 70 years ago. I highly doubt that the bank maintains the same values.
Not really what I said. But that hardly matters apparently
A few hours of vyres will get you all you'll ever need.
True but you can turn it off for a couple hours and have to worry :P
Have there been any change of plans on the scheduling of releasing elite dg outfit through in game methods?
Are you really dumb enough to think someone who doesn't work in that department has a say ?
So is that a yes?
I'm in North Texas and they're around 1.90-2
Yup
Not all women do this lol
Based off what evidence
Except it's a pagan holiday celebrating the winter solstice.
Shb are lossless, that's why. Actively training agility maxes out at 200k
Dear God do you have a link to this?
Loss* yes but it was supposed to be serious
Not quite as cringe as I expected... Jack Thompson is definitely an asshole.
for summoning, get to 49 for bloated leeches. Iirc granite crabs are the easiest way to get there.
Granite crabs to 49, bloated leeches into stranger plants to 74, one of a kind for 75 summoning
So this current showing of him being stupid isn't in context because of all the other things that show he's stupid? He clearly used it in the way meaning she wasn't there. This isn't as vague as other things he says.
I think that's fine, I usually do the same as a guy.
I won't claim to be an expert on ehp, but maybe it's because of the cost of the feathers? It makes agility essentially 0 time, but levelling agility that way is extremely expensive. You also have to wear them, making it a small xp sacrifice for the free agility xp.
Why the hell are you making urns to 200m crafting lol
Oh no it's retarded
Lol np, construction is the biggest one, or dg if you refuse to dg skill at all. You get a ton if free crafting xp from things like gems, arc, urns, battlestaves, and more, so dailying it first wastes xp later. But construction is where all reward xp goes because cutting enough planks for it is a huge waste of time when you can do it off of kingdom mahogany
Construction daily only takes 20min ish but I guess you have special circumstances.
Except you were the asshole the whole time
That's exactly what it's saying. And kuuki means air. So maybe that she's an airhead?
Yeah no idea there then. Still rolling about realizing her last name anyway so that's enough for me
/r/iamverysmart
Whether or not you'd anticipate it being bad isn't really relevant. No idea what his experience was but Wal-Mart is already pretty well known to be absolutely trash and treat employees like shit.
You can still play most builds as there are ways to farm pretty much any unique consistently
I mean, we're both using anecdotal evidence so I can't rag on you too hard for that. And that was really fucking stupid logic. But yes I have. And it's a fact that America is, in general, one of the worst countries to be an employee. The fact that Wal-Mart will literally just shut down a location rather than let employees form a union is one of the largest indicators outside of not having mandated insurance.
Good for you, your positive experience outweighs every negative experience there ever has been or will be. Because you're happy and nobody else matters.
Definitely a joke. I mean, pingu is good, but it's not Cory in the House
The guy didn't force her to drink it, nor did it know about that disease to begin with. Not a lawyer but I'd be surprised if that happens.
I read the article and it sounded less like someone directly told her to do it and more like it was just some idea floating around that she found out about.
You'd be written up then
Pain is from rain not sound
What's wrong with who writes the story as long as it's accurate?
Nobody is perfectly unbiased but the NYT is one of the better ones in general. Just because they call out Trump for being garbage 99% of the time (he has done like one good thing with the STAR program or whatever it was) doesn't make them a bad publication. And that is certainly irrelevant when we're talking about an environmental problem that has nothing at all to do with politics to begin with, making this conversation pointless.
Hell no it doesn't
I feel like you've never worked customer service before. The customer is a damn retard most of the time.
This is a meme subreddit. Not to be taken seriously.
You do understand the problem with using a broad all encompassing term to refer to a tiny specific fringe section of said group, yes?
Then how is it relevant to the discussion?
I know I'll be hated on for this, and I'm not saying they shouldn't be punished, but I think that them being as young as they are is perfect for actual rehabilitation. 10 years of serious time fixing their minds would still give them a chance to have real productive lives and also serve real significant time for their actions. But we care more about vengeance so throw them in a box for life because they did a horrible thing.
Plenty of countries have a constitution. Ours isn't very special in this day and age. I don't really disagree with the OP on some level, but Canada and Europe have demonstrably better systems in some areas as us, and sitting around with our thumbs up our collective asses screaming "BEST COUNTRY USA" will lead to us falling further and further from actually being the best country.
Yep
A problem with the game being grindy is that today, grindy games are a lot less popular than they would have been 10 years ago. The gaming climate changes and long standing games have to adapt with it. Though I do agree with most of your other points
Osrs is still *ridiculously* grindy though. Being reduced from what it was doesn't change the fact that it's still more than basically any other game out there
Why are the characters randomly women
Nah it was revolutionary in the fucking 1700s so we can't change it now
Of course. It's a good thing we have it. But that doesn't mean we shouldn't update it. Many aspects of it ate extremely outdated.
War were declared
Yeah it's good but not as good as sunshine
Dg craft to 70 then t2 shifting tombs with enhancers from dg tokens Or be lazy like everyone else and mine gems
Whatever, 2nd least amount. My point stands Mining gems is only worth in certain cases
Those are irrelevant to free time unless you're talking about how quickly you do them lol
I think if a man wore something this ridiculous they'd mention it Still not on the same level, but something
I don't disagree that it's a larger talking point with a woman. just pointing out that a man would get similar stuff, albeit far less, for being late to a trial wearing expensive and ridiculous outfit
He's in the military so certain people will worship the ground he shits on and bend over backwards to suck his dick I mean I'm supportive of our armed forces too but there's a fucking limit and some of them are pure scumbags, being in the military doesn't erase that
Most of them just joined for free school and job opportunities. They're still worthy of some sort of recognition, but too many people take it too far.
Idk at the end of the day it's just a game and it's up to you if you want to become as pathetic as him
Lol
Most countries I've hears of that reduced the amount of hours also raised pay to compensate.
I spend about 1hr-1.5hr on dailies. ~25min on construction challenge and then ~50min on arc contracts. Then random shit like cache and jot. I do them because I enjoy being efficient. If you don't like them then don't do them
No I don't think that they're all trumpers just because they're rich But I asked for a source because I'd believe it if proven
Exactly Not everyone is so short sighted to prioritize quarterly profits over everything else, it's wrong to assume
You definitely want to wear the smithing outfit
Maybe extremely early on that's debatable. Prayer potions are not hard to get and you'd rather use the xp outfits
Whose
Well that's more or less what I meant by early game yeah. Hunter and early crystallize for WC. There's not really a viable way to crystallize fishing because of needing cooking xp and mining is usually not super ideal because of smithing. As for whether 5% from lumberjack is worse than prossy, I'd have to disagree. It lessens the amount of urns you need, the amount of souls you need, and just the amount of time spent there. You get an incredible amount of ppots and super restores from vyres (solid midgame content on first unlock) But, as always, people should use whichever the like better.
Yes it will. Really bad idea even if it makes sense somewhat.
Universal healthcare would cost less than our current system.
Its not even that great because it doesn't touch noted drops
How is that any kind of bias? It's a hypothesis from the evidence, or lack thereof we've gathered.
You know you can edit it to fix the typo
The argument is about pvmers not wanting to do non pvm content for a bis cape lol
That was just an example, but okay, why should they get 120 dg? 120 slayer? Quest cape? It's just inconsistent and weird.
Min maxing is the point everyone is making yeah, I have no stake in the matter but I take their point over yours; there's no reason to have arbitrary requirements there for purely pvm
Nobody but you is even talking about boss difficulty so I fail to see the relevance.
I'm just explaining the argument people are making, I don't give a shit myself, I just don't like seeing people misrepresent arguments.
It is still worth solo, but even just doing it duo makes it substantially less punishing/intensive on top of being faster
Haha toxic haha
Strictly speaking yes. But that's also the difference between statistics and real life. If we're talking intelligent life then that is extremely rare, if we aren't the only one. But simple life arose *almost* immediately after it would have been able to (relatively speaking), so extrapolating that to the rest of similarly zoned planets is pretty reasonable. But at the end of the day it's just personal opinions. Obviously we don't have proof but I still don't see how that's survivorship bias.
When stupid peoples choice to not vaccinate endangers the lives of innocents then it is no longer about personal choice.
This administration made me damn well sure to never vote Republican for anything ever.
Yeah why would voting for a party that acrually gives a shit about citizens be smart, let's get rich people more tax breaks
Id reply but I'm not interested in stooping to your level, have a nice, blissfully ignorant life
Must be a sad life to be that cynical
Awesome! Minor nitpick though, the イ following フ in the image title should be small, looking like this フィ
It started off really strong but the ending was just.... bad. But it's definitely fucked up and brings you nothing but endless despair so I'd say it fits the OPs request
Uh yes
Nerd in general tbh :)
I agree with everything but daylight savings. I'm not saying I like it, but I also don't at all understand how it makes such a big difference for people. It's a single hour once, two times a year, several months apart. It sucks for like 2 days.
AROO MFER
What are the reasons they quit so often though? Is it laziness or poor work environment/low pay etc?
I'm sorry, Jon
What stats/gear did you use?
Yeah I wouldn't be surprised on this one. I'm turning 26 soon and am in the youngest group of millenials.
Interesting. How old are these kids?
I dunno, I think that's something that's overblown pretty regularly. But even if it isn't, it's the fault of those who raised us, since we didn't control our own upbringing. I also gotta pretty strongly disagree about the market value comment, wages are abysmally low pretty much across the board and we (as well as gen z) are the ones who have to pay the price.
Yeh and the photo was important to give Sarada some extra info to work with
Mr Rogers in a bloodstained sweater
They're still used for refrigeration afaik, they're just closed systems so they usually don't get out
That's a pretty shitty generalization to make
Not like we like this shit either
Whatever makes you feel better about yourself buddy
The fights were fun but the rest of the movie sucked This guy is stretching a lot but if he wants to believe that makes it better then whatever
I didn't know every American lived in a red state
Harps are actually garbage
Idk what happened but this sub turned into this weird ass hate porn for shitty people where they just reject their humanity and talk about killing them or locking them up forever while ignoring the rule of law. It's pretty fucking gross
Only low-key if you don't know Simpsons. They show it pretty openly anytime he has a success
Train mining with porters
Half the world is a pretty low bar, and I don't think many of those countries were the ones occupied by Nazis. Europe is on the whole pretty well off right now.
At 75 slayer you can make 2m gp/hr at gargoyles The best alternative would be to do ape atoll course everytime surefooted comes up
Spring fair also was every year until it wasn't
Still a good idea to fish 50 agility for rogue outfit tho
I *really* hope the new agility course is actually meta for xp.
Sorry I meant for ironman so basically just more than 200k xp/h
&gt;literally nothing else to do Yo it's one thing to not find the same amount of enjoyment from other parts of the game but I guaren-fucking-tee there's other things for you to do.
Are you 200m in every skill? All skilling achievements done? All pets?
So you proved my point, you don't enjoy all of the content available to you but there is actually content there.
Not gonna argue if you clearly want to continue hyperbolizing everything.
I see what you mean yeah, guess we'll see
Looks like 4 years of idling lol
Who was the original comment about?
There are only 2 genders.
Sorry but reals beats feels. You either have a y chromosome or you don't, and trans people go from one gender to the other, not some mythical 3rd gender that only exists in fungi.
Yeah it's clearly a bit lol. Flanderization in action
I mean that's basically the actual plot.
Many things the trump administration have done have strong parallels to things Hitler did early in his time as fuhrer. That doesn't mean trump is Hitler, but ignoring the links is irresponsible.
It started out as a place to make fun of him relentlessly and then it got taken over by actual crazy people.
Or maybe *we* like the jeans to be baggy?
Well trump didn't even get the majority so there ya go
Doesn't matter at all in this conversation
Neither of those are baggy jeans, they're wrong sized jeans. Maybe I just misunderstood the person I was replying to.
Pretty sure you'd still be able to kill him without cape switches.
That's exactly why I said I misunderstood yes My pants fit perfectly fine but I've had people complain about them being a little baggy so it's a peeve of mine.
Oops replied to wrong comment
They came here legally to apply for asylum. The reason they have so many people is because those people literally check in at the border to apply for asylum.
Are you fucking retarded? They came here legally to seek asylum. Not only that, is it the *children's* fault their parents brought them here?
Reaper removed
/r/gamersriseup
Idk why you're being down voted when that's literally how they operate
Best time to do rax is with a lance and bandos/zaros anime core. Vamp scrim big plus.
Evidence in favor of easier access to birth control/contraception/abortions
Yeah that technology don't exist yet
I don't think that should really matter either way if one option is better across the board than the other like this. We (Americans) are way too worried about other people and their buisness and it shows in many areas, including this one.
I posted some of my herbs to my clans discord recently so here you go [Herb terts and some unfs](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/432915237197316126/593286364120875010/unknown.png) [Herbs/seeds](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/432915237197316126/593286413772914691/unknown.png)
I made a bunch of those already
[potion tab](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/475634248142028811/593822633699573791/unknown.png) [farm tab](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/475634248142028811/593822586576699394/unknown.png)
Lots of vyres and farming
I'm confused too. A black person saying they hate white people is just as racist as a white person saying they hate black people. So was that a different incident or something?
racism only means that you hate an entire race of people. power is entirely irrelevant
i fixed the links
Dicks out til the sun goes out 😤
That would explain the tears in his eyes
Depends on what kind of mtx. Purely cosmetic or quality of life stuff like PoE is fine. But pay to win stuff like Archeage isn't.
It's a lot harder than you think. Lots of people are working on it but it needs to have a certain level of efficiency to be really worth using on a world scale.
Agreed.
I do understand where you're coming from but that comment is a meme reference
He should stop being such an incompetent child then
Man that roumaji is weird
I don't know the movie you're talking about but if his character is from Louisiana then that checks out
Definitely don't let them discourage you. Any reason and any pace one learns a language at is valid. Good luck and have fun with it!
You wouldn't but some people would Everyone's different :D
Yeah the first part is technically still correct but her name is way wrong. Maybe it's Chinese? Idk lol
They were fair. They repeatedly invited Trump to come defend himself and he refused.
The best way to practice tanking is to keep tanking. There will always be people who are impatient and unwilling to work with you, that's just the unfortunate reality. You need to just let that stuff bounce off of you, and look through it for actual advice, even if they are being rude about it. For example, if they are telling you to pull more, watch your hp on a normal pull. If you never really drop in health at all, then you're definitely able to grab more mobs safely. This depends just as much on your healer as it does on you. Death and decay won't be your only threat, but being aware of that limit is good because it shows you're paying attention to the smaller details. You'll do a good amount of threat as well with blood boil and heart strikes (while standing in DnD), but blood is one of the lower threat tanks in my experience, so you'll definitely have some people pull off of you at some point. If you use elvui, or threat plates, the mob health bars with change color to red to show you that they're not attacking you, so you can taunt them or focus attacks into them to get them back on you. The most important factor is comfort. If you aren't comfortable pulling more than you are, don't. The people complaining can deal with it. If you pull more than you're comfortable with, then you can use your defensive cooldowns to help smooth it out.
Yeah that's the website, just make sure you get the retail version. You can use the website wago.io to find profiles that other people have uploaded. Same for weakauras to track cooldowns and resources.
Which game is this one from?
I never got the point of girls in boy scouts... The venture scouts exist and do way more interesting stuff.
Fair enough.
I'm southern, we don't need a flag. We already have the American flag, but even that's just a piece of cloth.
Same, though I rarely look at this sub and only came to check out the shit about the jump game. It's a youtube channel we watch for entertainment; if they're not entertaining anymore, stop watching them. This is his livelihood, so he has to make sure he keeps making money, especially when he has double digits of employees to write paychecks for, etc. Hence, when the algorithm changes for the worse, they have to follow. I didn't like the no-swearing either, mostly because it was obviously forced. But I still enjoyed the content and *understood the reason behind it*.
I've wanted them to finish Sun/Moon ever since I discovered it, so more Dan reacting to the world of Pokemon sounds great to me.
Who was actually in the picture originally? It's been memed so hard I forget.
Yeah except as much as people whine, they still keep watching it. The actual content of the videos, with the exception of the swearing issue, is more or less the same. If people are that upset about thumbnails and titles, then I honestly don't know what to say.
Says who?
Such sudden anger just shows that you're the same.
The people with the most money pay the least taxes. There wouldn't be nearly as severe a shortage if they paid their fair share.
Most likely just calculation.
The sjws would... Not the left
This is how I feel, specifically your ending part. I just don't like it when people take things that are super extreme and paint it as the entire side. I'm guilty of it too, but I'm trying to be better
I really don't think that's what it is in this case but ok
Is it possible that people are just butthurt that the stories they like in the EU are being ignored and would do the same thing regardless of gender of the person in the post? Sexism exists but sometimes men can be mad at a woman for non sexist reasons too.
They are much easier to hack than you think, and there's a guy who routinely manages to go to voting sites and take selfies with unattended machines.
You do realize that's not even remotely how it actually works in the real world though right?
I don't know what you mean by that but if it's anything like what I'm imagining, it would make me significantly less interested/make me think she's not interested.
Whatever, I'm not interested in playing semantics.
Hard to choose when that's the only place that hired you/was hiring at all.
I'm pretty sure someone brought it up recently, dunno if it'll go anywhere or not.
It says "congratulations! Japanese is fun, huh" Or I messed up a particle. I'm not great at creating my own sentences.
Which ones in particular do you see people ignore? Curious.
Is she singing nyancat to herself
Right now, completing mythic +6 dungeons give 445 items and are the best way to farm gear; though at your ilvl, you're almost guarenteed to need to run your own key and pug the rest of your group unfortunately. Next week keys will scale higher rewards, so always running your key as high as you can will be a great way to get better gear.
Yes, you can leave the dungeon and right click your character portrait, and then select reset all instances. However, your key will be one tier lower than it was originally. There is no way to get around that, unfortunately.
Yeah, you can be solo, as long as nobody is inside the instance it'll still work. You should get a message in your chat box telling you it was reset.
Our Navy is also significantly larger as I understand it
Yes, but the same thing happened to them as what happened to BLM a few years ago, a bunch of trigger happy violent idiots associated themselves with them and started doing terrible things just because.
They absolutely have gravity, they are just in constant free fall so it just feels like there isn't.
I must have missed it. I never even heard of sirenhead until I saw posts here about how it's not an scp
Yeah. The crying in the show is cartoonish and funny but this is actually just sad
Even then I'm not going to celebrate when anyone is hurt through violence. But that's mostly because I'm a pacifist.
Didn't mean to imply you were, was mostly referring to the post itself
You have to click a lot more often for herb, so that makes it much more difficult in my opinion. I'm not going to keep arguing because it's a waste of time, I haven't even played in months. Rc takes a lot longer but requires significantly less attention or mental effort which makes it a joke.
Or read them the commencement speech which just happens to be almost exclusively about slavery
I mean, that's just the name of it. I don't know of any others
What part of that was a joke, I've seen dozens of people saying almost that exact thing unironically
I really don't remember the pee being very egregious in the show. But, the manga is another story. I still think it's a masterpiece of a show tho
Me neither. Time to have a listen!
I think a decent amount of these people (not all of them) mean well with this sentiment, and just don't understand why it upsets people as opposed to not caring or trying to overshadow. The goal should always be to try and educate and share the emotions behind why this isn't okay, and only if they choose to remain ignorant (NOT the same as disagreeing) should any actual repercussions take place.
Wait, controversy about Ben?
I don't watch his videos, so no.
It sure feels like that's what this is lmao
Interesting. I'm surprised so many people don't like him; I think he's hilarious. The stuff with Jacob seems fucked but also more of a joke than anything legitimate.
I just don't care if people judge me for that word. I've probably done more to directly help mentally challenged people than most, not that it means I earn it or whatever, but I'm not going to stoop to competing in woke Olympics. Especially because you ignored my entire comment as well as the message behind it to whine about a single word.
That watermark is annoying the fuck out of me, why is い the only one in hiragana??
Doesn't he get a new team at some point in a book or something and do extremely well?
That's basically it...
I didn't delete anything.
Well he still went back to the girls.
One of the characters of Gabriel dropout, not sure which one tho.
99% of the people currently in the FBI were not there when they were harassing MLK. I'm not going to defend them, though I am optimistic, but bringing that up as an argument is stupid.
When was this lol
Ah thanks, really need to rewatch the show soon
And Bowser
He probably said something 15+ years ago that wasn't bad then but is bad now so he's basically the antichrist.
It's shocking how low that amount is when compared to the amount of money rich people have.
It's easy to forget because of Trump being an idiot, but I'd put money on a significant amount of people who actually have a rebel flag don't tie any racism to it the way other people do. It's still wrong, and the issue for those people becomes more of "nah fuck you I like my flag deal with it" as opposed to "but I need this flag to show I hate black people".
The apology could be any number of things. Maybe they don't realize people know as much as they do, or that it's (seemingly; I'm also American so I could be wrong) overwhelmingly similar views about us in certain places, when in our own media they make some basic shit like universal healthcare seem like this insanely controversial issue. We're *almost literally* the only country without it and people are voting for the guy who is trying to send fucking TANKS to stop protesting. Also, it gets easy to forget that they aren't necessarily talking directly about you when they're shitting on your country. Maybe that's just a culture thing here?
I don't watch the show either, but it's not "no name". It's pretty popular.
But they're white so the only explanation is of course, that they're racist.
Your room is awesome.
I saw that too and thought she had GIANT arms
I thought that show was.... Interesting. Wouldn't call it good, but it certainly had some ok ideas within the generic anime tropes.
