Slowing down and speeding up are both forms of acceleration.
Impulse is also kg * m / s in english, usually expressed as force * time.
A small sleeper semi truck @ 7 mph with no trailer attached would have roughly the same momentum as a smart car doing 70, though the smart car would have an order of magnitude more kinetic energy.
This movie has been in development since the early 2000s, at one point the Wachowski Sisters (brothers back then) were in talks to direct.
Are you unable to follow simple pictorial diagrams?
Where did the "ikea furniture is hard to assemble" joke come from? Ikea goes out of their way to make their furniture assembly stupid simple.
Men and women have an entire chromosome worth of difference, yet many people insist all behavioral differences between the sexes are due to society.
Steam is just a working fluid which allows us to use a heat source to perform useful work.
I'd have to go with Bryan Cranston as ~~Walter White~~ Hal. Really the entire cast is perfection.
If the witch king was such a big bad threat, why does he not appear until the second half of the 3rd movie?
&gt;Do. Not. Approach. Her. At. The. Gym My happily married buddy would be single right now if he followed that advice.
Venom weighs significantly more than an ordinary human, so the only way for your explanation to be true is if the symbiote weighs several hundred pounds, but that can't be the case because we see people carrying the symbiotes by hand in those containers.
Ever since Disney's Hercules, pretty much every portrayal of Hades involves him trying to take over Mt Olympus, even though that was never a part of his character in greek mythology.
Whatever force is responsible for reanimating the bodies also kills off the bacteria responsible for decomposition.
I read a study which found that guys with shaved heads are viewed as slightly less attractive than men with a full head of hair, but both shaved guys and full-maned guys are viewed as far more attractive than men with thinning hair. In other words: Don Draper &gt; Vin Diesel &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Ron Howard The fact you're asking this question now suggests you've already reached the point of being better off with a chrome dome. Name one guy who pulls off the thinning hair look...
Costco hotdog and soda for $1.50
Even if you don't fight a group of armed men, you're still guaranteed to die.
Different predator movie, but [here](https://youtu.be/55pjxt5TLJI?t=304) we see a predator take a high caliber rifle round in the center of mass and shrug it off.
So WTF did the ACA do?
OP asked about sequels which take place at the same time (concurrently) as their precursors. Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith do not fit that description.
Jeff Winger as Jeff Goldblum
&gt; it's just in my blood Honest question: is your nationality one which is stereotypically associated with addiction, aka Native American/Irish/etc?
He's not even book smart. When he works for the Michael Scott paper company he was apparently unfamiliar with the concept of marginal vs fixed costs, which is like Econ 101.
The climax of 3 takes place at a single construction site.
Blood Diamond had a scene where Leo and Djimon are fleeing from a citywide attack by the evil army guys.
War of the Worlds had a pretty epic city attack scene.
I loved Godzilla '98 was a kid, and still enjoy it as an adult. Yeah the CGI is bad (though it holds up as well as any other late '90s film) and Godzilla looks dumb, but it's a guilty pleasure of mine. I'd choose the '98 over '14 any time! The baby zillas are definitely inspired by the raptors in Jurassic park.
You were just prison gay.
I cannot relate to that at all. I'd rather be celibate and feed my already unhealthy porn habit than get sucked by a man.
I'm imagining a future r/bestof post: "OP's life is saved by early skin cancer detection after posting a nude and getting told to have a mole examined"
Looks like Jayma Mays
I feel lucky to have one of those wacky metabolisms where I can eat anything and my body will burn the calories for energy and store the excess as fat.
Why can the rest of our cells survive just fine at normal body temperature, but sperm cells have to be air conditioned?
[Relevant SMBC](https://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/2013-11-08)
That's like the lamest episode ever though.
*smiles wide* *blue goo drips out*
What was the deal with the Great Gazoo? Flintstones is a show about prehistoric man and for some reason there's a magical alien that only Fred and Barney can see.
It's a joke.
https://i.redd.it/q54kuw0237v01.gif
I can get myself off. If I had a slave they'd be doing housework.
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
He's working towards being able to scuba, but I don't think he's achieved that yet.
Has the most nonsensical lyrics of any song ever &gt;Now the funny glare to pay a gleaming tare in a staring under heat &gt;Now the fuzzy stare from not being there on a confusing morning week &gt;Impaired my tribal lunar speak What the fuck?
You really think they won't notice a suitcase with 3 million was found in the same spot where they lost a suitcase with 10 million?
A violinist won't lose his life if he misplaces a Stradivarius
Lucky for us there's a big round ball in the sky that dumps energy onto the planet 24/7
That just made the movie even better!
If only :(
She's beautiful! Also the human is good looking too.
I would set a hobo on fire for a chance to experience her
Are you a woman who lives in the USA? You've probably violated the laws of many middle eastern countries. Hope you don't mind being prosecuted for breaking the laws of a nation on the other side of the planet!
https://i.redd.it/uf34ld3upju01.png
I like their coats
The tea in Nepal is very hot...
Talk about missing the point...
A splinter will do that to you
[not a joke](https://youtu.be/5B4S3zvSkg8?t=663)
If you think those look good now, you should have seen them a few years ago.
It seemed more like lame fan fiction than lore building
As long as they're from the same place then he can hook up with her when their trips are over.
Why did the Iron Man movies get sequel numbers, but all the other MCU solo films had sub titles?
Only if you use arithmetic mean. Mode and median will give a 10 finger average.
I can't believe Pam fell in love with that hair.
After anger management Andy forgave Jim and had no need for revenge.
One time I fell down and a dude helped me to my feet, but because our hands touched he was obligated to say "no homo".
This is only slightly less decorated than my living space.
Love her!!
Bald guys are viewed as slightly less attractive than guys with a full head of hair, but both bald and hairy guys are considered far more attractive than guys with thinning hair.
I know this one! The house has a southern exposure on all 4 sides because it's at the North Pole!
But if you test fire a new gun and you don't like it, haven't you just lowered its value?
When will that misnomer die?
The characters in that movie make some decisions which are so dumb they make the Prometheus scientists seem like goddamn Mensa members.
How so? Buckshot spreads but your brain is still a bigger target than your femoral.
In prison you are somebody's bitch
In prison you are somebody's bitch
Subtle like the coconut flavor in that coconut penis energy drink
Phyllis went from being a funny sort of Mother Goose lady to a downright terrible person, on par with Nellie, Toby, and the guy who almost punched Pam.
Suicide via torso stabbing seems like a terrible way to go.
Can this "I don't like something therefore it does not exist" joke/meme just die already?
Yet preppers get mocked for prepping.
Couldn't Thanos make food by using mass from the meat dimension?
In the gang world, we use something called Fluffy Fingers. That's when somebody really gets in your face, you know, you just... start tickling them. And then he starts tickling you. You know, pretty soon you're laughing and hugging. Before you know it, you've forgotten the whole thing. Ya'll can just go to church together... get an ice cream cone. It's effective.
That's not him, that's a male model.
Tell him to call me ASAP as possible.
Does this remind you of your childhood?
There is no such thing as a product. Don't ever think there is. There is only sex. Everything is sex. You understand that what I'm telling you is a universal truth...
TIL cigarette filters change color.
*Escape From the Carnival of Horrors* was messed up. There was only one positive outcome and the rest were awful endings!
She did not seem enthusiastic about that money shot :/
[Relevant SMBC](http://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/2011-03-23)
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=justice+reform+bill+2018
People would just use Waze, because Waze has a route that 10% faster.
The only reason Hollywood keeps making transformer movies is because people keep buying tickets to see them.
Twice the pride, double the fall.
This is obviously a link to that picture of the guy in a ski mask. Nice try.
Your anecdote may not be indicative of what it's like for the majority of gay people.
Pam is taller. She has bigger breasts too. But I think Karen has a prettier face. Well, I mean, Pam's face is really pretty too. It's a very tough call.
https://i.imgur.com/kU0d4QL.jpg
His last name was Christ, he healed leopards, he had the power of flight.
The victims also didn't get a human death, even though the perp does.
https://gfycat.com/SilentGraveGrayreefshark
Transformers 3 was awesome. The climactic Chicago battle was on par with the New York battle in Avengers.
Late teens? More like early teens!
I hate the "I don't like this thing therefore it doesn't exist" meme.
Within the Simpsons Universe, Itchy and Scratchy is a fictional show. The underpaid jaundice-afflicted sound guy simply made a mistake.
&gt; white Hispanic and non white Hispanic. WTF?!?!
*Draining someone of all their blood?* That's *exsanguination*!
"I don't feel anything"
Looper is a cool movie but it's hardly a masterpiece.
We're going to have to get r/theydidthemath involved.
Calm down
Being able to get laid at anytime. The "why" is fairly self explanatory.
[Relevant xkcd](https://xkcd.com/257/)
Not exactly a hot take. I think it's generally agreed upon that Die Hard is a christmas movie.
"Raises the question". "Begs the question" is something first year philosophy students do. Caterpillars only mostly become liquid, some parts remain solid though.
I also prefer the first Hellboy. I thought the pulp sci-fi plot was better than the folklore-ish story of the second.
RemindMe! 24 hours
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
It's a dick move but understandable. Once he finds out she has a BF, he has nothing to gain from acting nice and nothing to lose by being an ass.
Oops, my memory failed me.
It's a rhetorical question, but also not rhetorical.
The gap is there so you can make eye contact with your fellow bathroom inhabitants.
I was referring to the side gap between the door and frame, buddy.
But Firefly takes place in the future, not A Long Time Ago in a Galaxy Far Far Away.
He must work out
If you think that feels good, wait till you put the Q-tip in your urethra!
So more along the lines of Demolition Man than Blade Runner.
That was a surprisingly serious reply to my joke comment, but I do appreciate you taking the time to tell me about Neuralink.
Icebergs wish they were as cool as Wesley Snipes' Blade.
Dented cans are half price. Microsoft went down 3 points, we gotta save some money.
Peter developed an adhesive more advanced than anything 3M has ever dreamed of, and with minuscule resources compared to Stark.
You're comparing the achievements of a man with unlimited resources to those of a kid with almost no resources.
Apparently you're not supposed to feed bread to birds.
You will be my first customer, and your business will be on the receiving end of all my attention. Satisfying your every (paper related) need will be my top priority.
You don't need time travel for that.
Maguire dodged bullets in the first Spidey movie.
Animals being able to detect evil is such a common trope that it doesn't need explanation.
When he's chasing after the guy who shot his uncle, the robber shoots at spidey and he dodges.
It's similar to the canary in a coal mine. A different animal might require an explanation, but I think audiences will readily accept the use of birds as an early warning for evil spirits.
Thanos: Look, just because you idiots refuse to use the Time Stone every chance you get doesn't mean I have to.
Thought this would be a mankind undertaker 1998 gag.
It is!
You're lucky, I've never been sucked dry.
I like to cook naked. Toast, oatmeal, nothing that spatters.
Why is Jason so much harder to kill than other deadites?
I try that with every jar of peanut butter I use, but by the time I get to the stage you're at I decide it's not worth the effort and ruin the untouched top surface.
Shane Black directed Iron Man 3 inbetween Kiss Kiss and Nice Guys. Also Scott directed Hannibal and Black Hawk Down in between Gladiator and Kingdom. Also also Anderson directed Moonrise Kingdom in between Darjeeling and Budapest. I'm starting to think you overlooked the "Back to Back" part of OPs question.
Shit eating time!
You could cut glass with those nips
Please don't listen to this guy unless you want to end up like the person in the video! If you're in this situation, take your foot off the gas, don't apply the brakes, slow down until the trailer stops oscillating, and then pull over to redistribute the contents inside the trailer.
Seasons 1-4
Disney: I am altering the canon. Pray I don't alter it further.
In marvel the Vault guards wear Ironman suits.
&gt;peice of art where a bird is used to detect evil Silent Hill comes to mind. &gt;Wouldn't that make them more susceptible to the creatures? Even if we assume the birds are driven mad by the spirits (and not simply spooked), how exactly would a bird enclosed in a cardboard box manage to commit suicide?
r/enlightenedcentrism
A lot of racists will give all sorts of reasons for why they're totally not racist.
I swear if this is that picture of the guy in the ski mask, I'll be very upset!!
Sometimes they triple up. Ryan Reynolds was Deadpool, Green Lantern and Blade's sidekick.
There's no chance an orangutan could undo a properly torqued nut.
Robin Williams had to spend 4 hrs every day in the makeup chair to become Mrs. Doubtfire, but the movie makes it seem like you only need a few minutes to transform a middle aged man into an elderly woman.
People in horror movies are [genre blind](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/GenreBlindness).
What did it look like before?
I'd like to have heterosexual intercourse with her.
John Travolta is a good villain, but the "hacking" scenes were utterly ridiculous. At least we got to see Halle Berry's bare breasts.
&gt;Crichton **Estate** &gt;still alive
If he falls and lands on his back, that one gun is gonna fuck up his spine.
If you were 9 when iron man came out then you'd be 20 today.
Dude had literally never headlined a hit movie until Iron Man.
You're paying way too much for bananas, who's your banana guy?
I don't think [this](https://media.giphy.com/media/gFwZfXIqD0eNW/giphy.gif) would have been possible if he melted into it.
Did you get confused about who you're responding to? I never said anything about warmongering.
Their kneecaps will strike their face at roughly the speed of sound
Dude if you're too lazy to proofread then don't get pissy when someone misunderstands you.
A slight muffin top. Nothing major, but just a [hint of love handles peeking out](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e8/Muffin_top.jpg/220px-Muffin_top.jpg) is nice.
To be honest I've always thought the plot of Backdoor Sluts 9 was nothing more than a flimsy excuse to bring back the characters from part 8.
Wow, the downvotes really got to you!
It was a swing and a miss.
A deer rifle will go thru most kevlar
You've got a lot to learn about this town, sweetie.
And how exactly will news of the genocide reach the UN? The Navi don't have interstellar communication abilities, and the company sure won't be advertising it.
What happened u/bhlombardy ? [Your comment](https://i.imgur.com/FzdQ7TA.png) vanished, as if by magic!
Idiocracy When people say "I love that movie and it's such a documentary", I know right away they're a wannabe know-it-all r/iamverysmart individual.
Talk about moving the goal posts! Not only has this sub shifted from focusing on Avatar's total gross to its original run, but now some people are trying to claim a lower figure for the original run.
That's literally survivorship bias.
Alcohol is literally a poison; in normal doses Wolverine's healing ability allows him to recover faster than the poison can affect him.
Twice we've seen Vader weak and dying (on Mustafar &amp; Death Star II) and both times he was in no condition to even stand, much less fight the royal/praetorian guards.
The average gross for an Anthony Daniels film is $449 million domestic and $871 million worldwide.
I envy him
You have a way with words that would put Lord Byron to shame.
You sound angry, are you okay?
What's the R^2 value for these correlations?
Adjusted for inflation, The 6th Sense did business on par with Rogue One
Three hundred million domestic box-office. The top-grossing film of all time. Those numbers don't lie.
Speed 2 was made from a rejected Die Hard 3 script, and Die Hard 3 was made from a rejected Lethal Weapon 4 script.
The "dollar" theater by my house charges $3/ticket :(
&gt;Also quick question, will the full 6 day OW count for all-time OW record or just the FS When a movie opens on a weekday (which is common on 4th July weeks), only the Fri-Sun gross counts towards the opening weekend.
You are wrong. They're not kicking puppies or murdering people. They're taking picture of themselves.
Is this a reference to one of his movie roles, or just a general "Tom Criuse is gay" joke?
Zootopia wasn't a *summer* blockbuster.
&gt; once like a normal scene with Evans &amp; the other actors in the scene I'm picturing Evans standing on his knees when shooting in order to get the eye lines right.
A glow in the dark costume doesn't seem very practical for an assassin/spy
Budapest is Clint/Natasha's Noodle Incident
You said, and I quote verbatim: &gt;Amnesia is different than not being able to make new memories. Which is false, since the inability to make new memories is a form of amnesia. It's not u/traffickin 's fault you failed to specify a particular type of amnesia when you made your erroneous statement.
OP defined "original" as: &gt; A film which can't be compared at all to another film because it's so original Which equilibrium certainly is not.
The first movie had multiple press conference scenes, so for the sequel they upped the ante with courtroom hearings.
Negative story about weed: "correlation =/= causation" Positive story about weed: LoOk HoW gReAt WeeD iS!!!!
And Tim Burtons Batman
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Hollywood+accounting+my+big+fat+Greek+wedding
He was a sex addict, yes.
Irritation produces pearls
Also Lex Luther was a Kryptonian.
*Principal Skinner Meme:* Did I make an unfunny joke? No, it must be that everyone else lacks a sense of humor.
What's your monthly tinfoil bill like?
Kaiju need radiation to survive. He thought we were feeding him.
&gt;How many gymnasts do you know that are incredibly swole? [Pretty much all olympic gymnasts are swole](https://www.google.com/search?q=male+olympic+gymnast&amp;safe=off&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjnrd7NjfLiAhVIl1QKHcYCBdwQ_AUIECgB&amp;biw=1281&amp;bih=694)
You guys are filming people in the bathroom now?
I get freaked out by morticians because in my mind they're associated with death and dying.
To this day I hate Monique because of her *Precious: Based on the Novel 'Push' by Sapphire* and *Domino* characters.
That link is staying blue
This is almost as bad as the "tHeY sHoUlD mAkE a LiVe AcTiOn AiRbENdEr MoViE!!" meme.
But the average Cameron film has a higher gross than the average Spielberg movie.
You have your cause and effect backwards. They kept those films in theaters because they were still making money.
Hella-Jacked See How I Glitter
&gt; subtract what Avatar made when it was re-released It's hilarious how people started moving the goalposts once it became clear Endgame wouldn't beat Avatar.
There was Tron 2
Sometimes this sub forgets that the average movie goer only sees 3-4 movies per year (in theaters).
This scenario has more in common with *The 13th Floor* than *Matrix*
https://www.google.com/search?q=fbi+law+enforcement+white+supremicist&amp;oq=fbi+law+enforcement+white+supremicist&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57.10351j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8
Not raping/kidnapping/murdering is hardly the same as doing "a perfect job with no mistakes".
They deserve some of it though.
According to an article I read a few years ago, roach coaches are cleaner than the average stationary restaurant.
It's not a rescue unless you snuck into a secured facility and did at least one shoulder roll.
"Finally some originality!" is such an original observation.
If no one has any money then who's buying that company's products?
There's not enough conclusive evidence to say one way or another, which is good because that means whatever answer you prefer is "correct".
Your source sounds anecdotal.
He's so young there!
When you stab someone, you're stabbing everybody that person has been with.
It's not stupid. What do you think happens to shark souls after death?
I still don't get the captain part
I remember that episode of Shipping Wars!
I watched a show about a lady so fat that she was confined to a bed. She exercised by clapping her hands until she had lost enough weight to actually move around.
Most of his dong is enveloped by fat, like the top of a flagpole peeking out above ground after a landslide.
&gt;my squints have never failed That sounds like survivorship bias
Oops, I thought you meant static like television static.
I once tried to smash the end of a beer bottle to create a jagged melee weapon, but the whole thing simply shattered in my hand.
From Beyonce to Bigfoot in 8 hrs
[It did not](https://www.boxofficemojo.com/franchises/chart/?id=toystory.htm&amp;adjust_yr=2019&amp;p=.htm)
[Adjusted for inflation that's less than Toy Story 3's opening weekend :(](https://www.boxofficemojo.com/franchises/chart/?id=toystory.htm&amp;adjust_yr=2019&amp;p=.htm)
Seriously?? It's in the link I posted...
You don't have to click on any tabs, just look at the first table. I can't make it any easier for you.
[The fact it sold fewer tickets on opening weekend than Toy Story 3 makes it at least a little bit underwhelming](https://www.boxofficemojo.com/franchises/chart/?id=toystory.htm&amp;adjust_yr=1&amp;p=.htm)
Dude, don't do that. You're as bad as those "tHeRe WaS nO LiVe AcTiOn AiRbEnDeR mOvIe!!!!" fanboys.
So he's not an Abrahamic God with a big "G", but he could be a small "g" god/demigod.
That sounds anecdotal
This is why Yogi Bear creeps me out; he's naked but wears a hat and tie.
When you're a student, school is your job
r/hailcorporate
TBF the lowest grossing hunger games did outgross the lowest grossing Harry Potter, at least domestically.
We're really lowering the bar on what constitutes a murder.
If it doesn't make sense to you then you need to work on your financial education.
Why are you assuming the flood water was salty?
He's an alien, why are we assuming he has a penis?
It'd be fucking hilarious if Endgame stops just below Avatar. Last year this sub lost its collective mind at the thought of Black Panther not reaching $700 million; imagine that but 10x greater.
Spasmodic Dysphonia isn't a nervous breakdown.
Why are they releasing an unfinished scene? Are they just too cheap/lazy to finish the CGI?
Jumanji 3 is really Jumanji 4, because Zathura is the real Jumanji 2.
r/iamverysmart
OP didn't say "dumb people do dumb things", they said "people [in general] are dumb" which is absolutely r/iamverysmart material.
My friend recommended this as a good vampire film; an hour into the movie I was baffled at the utter lack of vampires.
There's something wonky about the perspective of that matte painting.
The bar is in Mexico, out of OSHA's jurisdiction.
You're correct; I was referring to how the first hour of *Dusk Dawn* is a crime drama with no supernatural elements.
Did you just recycle the previous top comment? https://www.reddit.com/r/natureismetal/comments/6ych8i/the_short_nosed_bear_scientists_speculate_these/dmmn5hu/
Personal anecdotes are pretty meaningless when it comes to making broad generalizations.
&gt; anywhere near enough seasoning A good steak requires minimal seasoning.
While I do support both of those things, I don't think treating animals differently from people makes one a hypocrite. We neuter dogs for population control (and health benefits), but being opposed to neutering people isn't hypocritical.
What do you know that they don't?
Dude come on it's printed right on the poster!
That scene struck me as a watered down version of Fassbender's bar scene from Inglorious Basterds.
I went in expecting a bunch of parkour scenes that would put Casino Royale and District 13 to shame, but the stuntwork was quite underwhelming :(
Robert Englund circa 1990 could have done it.
In America cops would include the weight of all the concrete when stating how much cocaine they found.
If it makes you feel any better, you're more likely to be killed by a cop than by a mass shooter.
Holy Crap! Pam's packing some heat in that scene!
Supporting traditional gender roles is massively upvoted on r/unpopularopinion
But they use the Force when operating a lightsaber.
You can buy yourself 100 kids with the money you make via your knowledge of the future!
You can buy yourself 100 sons with the money you make via your knowledge of the future!
Our migrant detention facilities do meet the dictionary definition of "concentration camp".
Pippity poppity give me the zoppity!
&gt; no such breed as "pitbull" &gt;American *Pit Bull* Terrier
You didn't include the picture of her dressed as Hitler!
Bacteria like that can travel faster than the speed of light.
[Relevant](https://xkcd.com/1386/) [xkcds](https://xkcd.com/610/)
OP is a piece of shit, that's why his gf can do better
My (now ex) girlfriend told me she supported Tronald Dump.
My radio station now advertises itself as playing music from the "90s, 2000s, and today"
Made Windu mentions how they're keepers of the peace not soldiers. But the clone wars forces them to act as soldiers.
She shot a guy named Marvel after he killed Rue
IKR! Everyone knows Scranton PA has a huge indigenous palm tree population!
Why would I fight you just because we disagree on which Star Wars movie is best?
You should have thought of that before you bought a truck the size of a bus.
Why did the cure child from X-Men: the Last Stand affect mutants' appearance?
Bug definitely had some bait and switch marketing going on. The trailer made it look like a body horror film, not a drama about 2 people having a shared delusion. It's no surprise audiences on opening night gave it an F
The nerdy guy says &gt;I'm talking about the secondary brain. Now we both know that the Kaiju are so large they need two brains to move around, like a dinosaur. https://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/the-double-dinosaur-brain-myth-12155823/
What do I type in the search bar to see if my twitter screenshot has been posted before?
What is it about pitbulls that causes people to develop an almost religious obsession with defending them?
Yay I get to fuck the Gilmore Girls!
We could wear polyester clothes made out of recycled plastic.
They need to keep up appearances
Agreed. I can't fap to faceless pics.
Jake Sully, quarritch, and the Turok nukto.
You just made that up
Your wording was ambiguous. Don't communicate poorly and then pretend the problem is on my end :)
You only think that because you don't know how to write clearly.
It's okay sweetie, one day you'll learn how to write intelligible sentences ; )
First you tell me to get off reddit and read a book, now you're crying because I took too long to respond to you. Why am I not surprised you can't make up your mind?
Mando is a bounty hunter just like Boba and Jango. What makes them scum but not Mando?
r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM
The stormtroopers had equally bad aim in empire strikes back when the gang was escaping from cloud city.
Few people outside of r/movies are aware that Jumanji has a sequel called Zathura.
By the time the escape happens, Luke is already at cloud city. There's no reason for him to let them live or allow them to escape, so the stormtroopers should be shooting to kill.
Not to mention it's repeatedly emphasized that the two Gilmore ladies never exercise!
I'll never buy another apple iPhone unless they bring back the headphone jack.
You have been banned from r/trees
Boba was the prequel Boba.
But the moan is in sync with the flash of porn on screen, when it should instead be delayed by a fraction of a second.
I like how your image in no way illustrates any part of the detail you shared.
Considering the NFFA has essentially replaced the republican party, it'd pretty much have to be Christian (or at least heavily pander to the christian demographic).
Just rewatched the scene, it's 100% in sync!
And the "No Impersonating a Deity" rule.
No pictures of the man/chair fusion; I'm disappointed
Dictionary.com defines holding as &gt;to have or keep in the hand; keep fast; grasp: Assuming any one of those three things is considered holding, then it's arguable that wearing a ring or having a palm tattoo counts as holding.
Stop being a debbie downer and let me have my $1 billion without sacrificing the use of my hand
&gt; Symbiotes don't heal their partners of injuries they had prior to joining Isn't that exactly what happens in the Venom movie when a symbiote-less Eddie is stabbed thru the chest?
Eventually people will stop buying tickets to see it, regardless of how long it stays in theaters
No love for Lord Vakko?
Awesome perspective
Where are you getting these numbers? A bullets muzzle energy is several hundred foot pounds, and the impact force will depend on how rapidly the bullet is stopped.
Your math and physics are still way way off. With 10 SEALs each firing 600 rounds per minute, Kylo will have to block 100 rounds per second. With 2425.5 joules per bullet, that comes out to 242550 watts of power which Kylo must expend in order to stop all these bullets. This is equivalent to 325 horsepower; roughly the power output of a 2017 V6 Ford Mustang. Also keep in mind that Kylo doesn't have to stop the bullets, he just has to nudge them sideways enough to alter their trajectory so they won't hit him. This would require far less power than stopping all of them.
I already factored the time period into my calculation. He doesn't have to stop 100 bullets in 42.7 milliseconds. The FN SCAR fires 600 rounds per minute, which means 10 SEALs firing SCARs on full auto will only have time to shoot a total on 4 bullets in a 42.7 millisecond period. Kylo only has to stop 4 bullets every 42.7 milliseconds, which equates to a power output of 242550 watts.
10 bullets per second means 10 SEALs will fire 100 bullets per second, or 4 bullets every 42.7 milliseconds.
Bite you one, bite you twice. A little water, pay the price!
It's technically 4.27 bullets, but I rounded to 4.
It's basic math: 100 bullets/second * .0427 seconds = 4.27 bullets
I once dated a chick who wouldn't get vaccinated because chicken eggs are used in the production of vaccines.
That factoid is destined to become a massively upvoted post over at r/moviedetails after the movie is released.
If he has an MSG and peanut allergy then why would he eat there the night before?
Awesome-O!! Any chance we might see some Prison Mike vector art?
Don't lump the good people at r/childfree in with these god awful degenerates.
He also sucks at directing actors.
Damnit Creed, I've been up since 4!
Your face is gross.
And Hela
Hopefully it was early in the day
Why would the 12 month be so much less than the 6 month? Usually long term equals higher interest.
&gt;Kenobi so cruelly left Anakin/Vader alive but maimed and burned beyond normal survivability He couldn't bring himself to kill a defenseless man, so he let the Force decide Anakins fate.
[F Minus, while nowhere close to Far Side quality, acts as a decent Far Side Lite](https://www.gocomics.com/fminus)
The /s ruins a perfectly good joke. You're better off being downvoted
I think you've confused the 1st amendment with general concept of freedom of speech.
We will watch your reddit career with great interest!
Some of the best villains have valid motivations.
Yoda often puts the verb at the end of his sentence, which is reminiscent of german.
Stu was allergic to pepper. Daniel putting pepper on Stu's dish does indeed count as poisoning.
The presence of a mechanical safety doesn't negate the need for trigger discipline.
Odd flex but okay
Captain M has a 78% on rotten tomatoes and it earned a metric shitload of money, I don't think your opinion is an unpopular one.
There's nothing outlandish about GPS, lasers, and bulletproof fireproof fabric. Syndromes tech is way beyond that though, his force fields are like something out of Star Wars and his jet boots imply an energy storage medium orders of magnitude beyond anything currently in existence.
You paint a vivid picture.
That sounds like something Lucas made up after the fact. Considering how Star Wars was heavily influenced by Flash Gordon comics, it's more likely that Leia's hair [was also inspired by the comic.](https://i.imgur.com/Pqe1212.png)
I wish. I had a crappy upbringing and I'm a huge piece of shit.
Satellites and Kevlar both existed in the '70s. Syndrome's force fields and extreme energy density power sources are way beyond those.
Something about your first sentence gave me major u/shittymorph vibes.
When the CGI is way over used then it is a valid criticism. Take this scene for example: https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/e/e9/Midwife_droid_1.png/revision/latest?cb=20130215034827 Is the story served by having a poorly rendered CGI droid deliver the babies? Hell Obi Wan could have delivered them; that would have been more dramatic.
Scooby Doo
Logan?
Just driving a car can kill you in seconds if you fuck up.
There's a deleted scene which makes it more certain that he raped her.
That's great but this thread is specifically about pandas, whose looming extinction has everything to do with us interfering.
They should live, also it's pretty clear OP knows next to nothing about pandas.
That's a cute rationalization for making no effort to improve our behavior :)
Once you're past the event horizon, every possible trajectory leads to the singularity, which means no matter way you point your ship you'll still fly right into the center of the black hole.
One paragraph later the novelization says: &gt;In the end, he was still Obi-Wan Kenobi, and he was still a Jedi, and he would not murder a helpless man. He would leave it to the will of the force.
From the Novelization: &gt;In the end, he was still Obi-Wan Kenobi, and he was still a Jedi, and he would not murder a helpless man. He would leave it to the will of the force.
It's not the Jedi way to kill a defenseless opponent.
And defeeted
Death Becomes Her The first 2 acts focus on Maryll Streep and Goldie Hawn, but in the 3rd act Bruce Willis becomes the protagonist.
"Foster failure"
I'd eat a stir fry of just those 3 things
How do you get them to jiggle like that?
&gt;guys, can you please look before you comment? I don't need 10 comments all linking to the same tweet. Or you could use google to find the date yourself, instead of asking other people to do the work for you :)
Some people think that any advice on how to protect yourself from a crime is a form of victim blaming.
Considering Lucas had wanted to make a live action Flash Gordon movie, there's nothing unintentional about the emulation.
This is what people are talking about when they says both sides are the same.
I always assumed Pam paid for the candy out of her own pocket
If this is a Rick roll I'll be very upset!
Most days you're not even good at that
It's soft sci-fi like Futurama, not hard sci-fi like Primer.
Jim's a cool guy but he can't compete with Darryl.
How dare you! The prequels were masterpieces and George Lucas has an 11 inch penis!
Do they get frisky with each other at all, or just measure their breasts?
Why would star wars get a sequel if it bombed?
Why are you 380 lbs?
Aka the Terminator fighting style!
Salvation takes place in the same continuity as T3, or at least nothing in that movie overwrites what we see in 3
How are you in better shape than most of the 20somethings I've dated?!
Based on what we see in Captain America: the First Avenger, the army was integrated earlier and the WWII Japanese internment didn't happen.
&gt; I’m a left leaning person and I am very much considering buying a gun soon WTF are you waiting for? Christmas?
When I hang out with my asian friend, I could joke about him being good at math, but he's already heard every variation of that joke from 100 other wannabe edgy funny guys and has long since stopped finding it funny. Somehow I'm able to be friends without having to resort to tired old unfunny lines.
Why did you pretend you were dating a model?
Isn't California supposed to be a progressive state?
Pipitty Poppity
That was a good non-answer ;)
Can the president just march onto private property without permission and have the manager kicked out like that?
Every time this gif is posted, there's a heated argument about whether one should resolve this by speeding up or slowing down.
Oh no, I have to pay taxes on my $100 billion? What will I do with my remaining $50-ish billion? As a billionaire I'll have the power to insulate myself from whatever ABC agencies want to question me.
Shouldn't an orange object appear black when lit by blue light?
Go home to your imaginary girlfriend
We all know this is a fake out where you post a pic of that guy in the ski mask! You're not fooling anyone.
What info are you basing that on?
According to my trump supporting coworkers, racism is no longer a thing because we've had a black president and black people aren't required to sit at the back of the bus.
If you haven't personally observed it then it must never happen
It's scary to acknowledge the degree to which racism is built into our society, so I can understand why you'd take comfort in convincing yourself its all a lie :)
You're not, but it was a good try
You wish ;)
I always wonder how many cop killers were just defending themselves from rogue officers.
Actually his step brother was the murderer, and Obi Wan was the victim.
Sounds like you have a hard time avoiding racist behavior, and you assume others have a similarly hard time. We don't :)
That was a nice conservative fantasy you just invented :)
That's certainly a popular fan theory.
Trump likes that you're voting 3rd party.
That would certainly suck
Don't tell r/keto , carbs are no bueno!
He wants to mine Flash Gordon / The Hidden Fortess for new material.
Thank you for this; I never knew there was a specific name for my favorite type of boob!
&gt; email addresses of other escorts I've seen so you can contact them to verify that Im a good client. You need references to be a customer, but you have to be a customer in order to get references. This is like some inverse job/experience Catch-22!
That explains why my soda erupted violently last time I went camping!
I'd be interested in having heterosexual intercourse with her.
In the extended cut
You need to rewatch Beauty and the Beast. Belle and those triplets were rocking come cleavage.
Nobody gave a shit when Harry Potter recast Lavender Brown from a black actress to a white actress.
Why was the super star destroyer pulled into the death star in Episode VI: Return of the Jedi?
It seems like any discussion of the Dark Knight trilogy is about how good Dark Knight is and whether or not Knight Rises is a piece of shit. Some people forget Batman Begins even exists.
r/downvotesreally
Why would I fight you just because we disagree about how good Rises is?
How do you get them to jiggle like that?
*You once spoke to me about ass... you said it was a gift to be used for the good of mankind.* *A privilege...*
Typing a valid argument whilst using weird capitalization doesn't actually invalidate said argument. You understand that, right?
&gt; Republicans never had a KKK member as a Senator They sure have a lot of KKK supporters though...
&gt;Worst - Black Christmas (the newer one) The newer one as in the 2006 version? Or the newest one as in the 2019 version?
They're both newer than the 1974 version. The 2006 one also had an infamously bad trailer, with many shots and scares which weren't in the actual movie.
He was killed by Cemetary Wind some time before the events of Transformers 4: Age of Extinction
&gt; one of the children from Beyond Thunderdome And that child grew up, adopted the name max, got a leg brace, and recreated a V8 Interceptor which they never saw?
Why do Republicans keep doing shit to warrant such extreme hatred?
That must be why Sony has made Amazing Spider-Man 3 &amp; 4 and Sinister Six, because Amazing 2 was such a cash cow...
&gt;the account was created 2 days before purge night In the purge-verse conspiracy to commit murder seems to be okay as long as the actual murder is conducted on purge night. If that's the case then premeditated copyright violation should be fine as well.
Does an 8 million lb budget count as expensive?
This occurs on the show *Heroes* and the result is akin to acoustic feedback.
If it weren't for the crazy scars on her nips she'd be perfect
I get it, we all love whips but it seems like he's more concerned with making a cool looking weapon than with getting revenge on the Stark family.
That concept is touched on in the sequel Narnia 2: Prince Caspian.
This was a big issue when they were filming the Spider-Man vs Green Goblin scenes in the first Spider-Man movie.
Whoa those are nice
&gt; Vader wants Luke to help him overthrow the Emperor, then they can “rule the galaxy as father and son.” Why did Vader fight against Luke on the Death Star II, instead of helping him kill Palpatine?
Says you
You can't shorten the travel distance between the Atri and Wazirganj blocks of Gaya town from 55km to just 15km by crying.
Ugh, that fucking 14,000,000 futures line is the biggest cop out ever! Fans will ignore any plot hole or logical inconsistency just by whipping out the "StRaNgE lOoKeD iNtO tEh FuTuRe" explanation.
Another cow!
He says his name right [here](https://youtu.be/w3tP1Xh7_C4?t=57)
You of course are the expert on human psychology
&gt; I don't care I'll work somewhere else with Must be nice to have that luxury, given our impending recession
If my coworker was jailed for murdering someone, I'd still go to work because I'm not at risk of committing murder.
Whats the self aware part?
According to my 'all lives matter" coworker, racism no longer exists because Obama was president and black people don't have to sit at the back of the bus anymore.
I saw a video essay about how that movie sucks so hard.
Because this isn't r/thathappened
If you're going to "fix" it then at least get your facts straight. Illegal immigration is a civil matter, not criminal, so no crime is actually committed.
I ran away from my mom with nothing but what I was wearing. Absolutely would do it again!
Its pronounced ex chetera
This movie was made way back when they still used film, so it would have been even slower at 24 frames per second.
I can't say I'm particularly interested in touching small ones though.
r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM
I dont know who you're making fun of, and I suspect you don't know either ;)
Why did you claim you were dating a British glamor model?
Why did you erase your r/TIHI post?
That lady's shocked reaction makes it seem like he's puppeting her body via advanced telekinesis, rather than actually controlling her mind.
Ew! She got the Styrofoam cones instead of the waffle cones :(
How do we know this isn't a Rickroll?
I'm not dumb enough to fall for that
Some of Carlin's stand up act definitely veers into r/iamverysmart territory.
&gt; you wouldn’t get enough sodium to survive. Do people get their sodium from water?
TBF if Augustus Gloop hadn't fallen into the chocolate lake then Wonka likely would have simply summoned his 10 seater boat instead of the 8 seater. Same with the 4 seat WonkaMobile later on.
Assuming you're working with 6 inches of cleavage and you wear a top like that every day, then that's 182.5 ft of cleavage per year and 0.35 miles per decade.
And thats why people routinely die in the superstition mtns
Lol you're so triggered ;)
I like how you're desperately grasping at straws! Clearly I spent 8 hours hunting down your comment instead of stumbling upon the convo. There is no other possible explanation.
Even by Yoda standards, that line is a bit much.
I'm sure the big surprise will be spoiled by the trailer
It mentions FDR's affair and ignores the role he played in imprisoning tens of thousands of American citizens without any due process.
