Yeah, right around then.
Your point about waiting for the best price is a great one. I bought my 80d last summer for $800. I saw it just a few days ago or $650 with another lens. Sure, I wish that I could have bought it at that price, but the photos I got in the meantime were definitely worth it.
I love my 10-stop ND filter. It's fantastic being able to blur the clouds.
Sure thing! [Here's one showing the clouds.](https://photos.smugmug.com/Personal/2017/September/2017-09-10/n-PNBnSj/i-JDb3qZD/1/0df1864d/X5/i-JDb3qZD-X5.jpg) This was a two minute exposure. [And here's a three minute exposure](https://photos.smugmug.com/Personal/2017/September/2017-09-24-Heath-Creek/n-JXG9Sh/i-93G7fng/0/4dd054c1/X5/i-93G7fng-X5.jpg) of a stream. I bought the ICE 10 stop ND. I can definitely recommend it to someone looking to try an ND filter for the first time. It's cheap, but without much of a color cast.
Yeah, that makes sense for a lens with such a long production run. I'm not too worried about what year I get, since that lens is a much newer model, and I'm planning on hanging on to it for a long time.
It's a lot of fun. The clouds don't even have to be moving all that fast. I actually just used my Neweer Carbon Fiber tripod for that shot. Nothing fancy or expensive (it was only $100), but it does the job surprisingly well!
That's with my 80d and 10-22 USM @ 10mm.
Thank you!
I'd say that this tripod is definitely better than a really cheap one. One of my favorite features is the ability to adjust the angle of the legs independently, which really helps for uneven terrain. It also uses an Arca-Swiss style quick release system, which means that it's easy to find accessories. The fit and finish is the greatest drawback, but there are only a few cosmetic defects on mine, and nothing which impacts use. For the stream photo, it was actually in the (pretty quickly flowing) water.
No shit I don't *need* three minutes. But the 10 stop is all I have, so that's what exposure I got. And it was windy enough that even my test exposure of 3 seconds had significantly blurred leaves.
I found a fantastic deal on a used one from KEH, so it should be coming this week! And I've seen plenty of pros with questionable photography skills, along with tons of amateurs who are far better, so don't put yourself down like that. I'm just barely on the edge of pro anyways...
Before then, too. It will be incredibly important to campaign *hard*.
I'd definitely recommend saving for the STM version. Its image quality is quite a bit better, and the autofocus system is much better too.
But you're not in control of all of the people driving around you. Would you really rather continue to deal with roads full of texting assholes in oversized crossovers and SUVs?
I would much rather deal with boring driving than yet another asshole who thinks that the safe following distance I leave is a perfect place to cut in. Or the countless idiots on their phones.
My point is that you currently don't know whether other drivers are "gonna flip a shit and wreck." Why hold the computer to so much higher standards than other drivers?
Oh yeah, I didn't even think of the non-environmental benefits that would give to American industry. Hopefully it makes it economical for more companies to bring manufacturing back to the US, since that helps in all sorts of areas, from jobs, to environmental issues, and a whole host of other things.
There isn't really a one-size fit all solution here. The proper balance depends on each individual photographer's needs and gear. Carbon fiber has advantages beyond just weight. It also transmits vibrations less than metal, and doesn't conduct heat as well. That last part is really nice if you're out taking pictures in the cold. A CF tripod is a lot nicer to carry than a metal one.
You would be well served with an option for better macro. The 28-300 *says* that it's macro, but that's a bit generous, as it only reproduces up to a 1:3.5 ratio. Something like the Canon 100mm f/2.8 Macro (Either the regular version or the L version with IS) will give you a proper 1:1 ratio, allowing you to fill the frame even with something smaller than a golf ball. The image quality will be far superior to the Tamron, too.
A pocket knife will likely have other tools, like a flat head screwdriver. If you're really worried about scratches, you could put a bit of electrical tape on it.
[The International Organisation for Standardization abbreviates their name to ISO](https://www.iso.org/home.html), and ISO for cameras is derived from this.
I have a super cheap Amazon Basics one. It's loud enough for outdoors, it's waterproof, and it was only $10.
Oh, I missed that part. But as for your initial question about why people pronounce it one way, that's just because that's how most people pronounce it. I've never heard a single person say it otherwise. That's just how language evolves. Even if it was originally intended to be pronounced one way, that's not how it is now.
I think that the 105 makes a lot more sense. The macro abilities will matter a lot more for product photography than a large aperture.
Or drone shots looking straight down onto beaches. Those sorts of photos are what actually led to me unsubscribing from there. They aren't *bad*, but I was just getting really tired of them.
They should at least. Plenty of people are stupid, though.
I wonder if that might explain part of why people were filming, too. Maybe they knew the BMW driver and were planning on filming a fly-by.
I wouldn't be at all surprised if the legal fault and the amount to which each person actually contributed to the accident (roadcam fault?) was different. It seems like most people here agree that both drivers contributed, but it's hard to guess who gets in trouble.
Of course this may vary by state, but I highly doubt that the law concerning the "fast lane" applies here. This looks like a surface street, not a highway.
Want to provide proof for that law? Because when there are left turn lanes and plenty of driveways, it's ridiculous to apply the concept of fast lanes.
Can I ask why it matters to you? I just don't understand why anyone would care about 50mm vs 52.5, I would be *shocked* if anyone could tell the difference between photos taken with both those lenses.
Horseshoe bend is one of the big offenders for me. I'd love to visit, but I don't think that I'd bother to shoot much there.
&gt;hasn't been updated in decades and suffers considerably. That's definitely an important "and"! The 135mm f/2L is old enough to drink legally in the US, but it's still a great design, especially for its price.
The DR already has trickled down somewhat. The new 24mp APS-C sensor (in the 80d, 77d, T7i, and SL2) is much, much better than the previous generation. The f/8 AF is also in most current models, IIRC. As for the telephotos, I'm excited to see if they do anything new on the budget side. The rumored 200-600mm f/4-5.6 is especially interesting, especially if it's priced to compete with Sigma and Tamron's 150-600mm zooms.
People always say this, but in my experience you just end up seeing incoherent rants and popular opinions.
Oh yeah, I wouldn't hesitate to say that 99% of photos are crap. Hell, sometimes when I'm shooting birds, I'll take over 500 frames, only to end up with one or two that I really like.
It looks like the average 4 year old kid weighs around 40 pounds (or ~18 kg). Assuming they're jumping from a meter up (which seems quite high), they'll have around 180 joules of kinetic energy. The average American adult weighs around 166 lbs (or around 75kg). For them to have the same kinetic energy, they'll only have to fall from 0.25 meters (or less than a foot). If the building is damaged by jumping kids, I'd be scared to go in it. The claim is just ridiculous.
In my experience, I hear that "joke" a hell of a lot more than anyone telling me that they're vegan. It's so tired.
I'd actually love to see some numbers on things like this, but my quick search didn't turn up anything. I wonder if anyone has done studies like this before.
Another nice thing about the Canon ecosystem is that the 10-18mm STM is a great ultrawide option which isn't very expensive. They have lots of other inexpensive options as well, plus the used market is fantastic.
I have [this Neewer carbon fiber tripod](https://www.amazon.com/Neewer-centimeters-Monopod-Camcorder-kilograms/dp/B00NSEKEMO/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1515010784&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=neewer+carbon+tripod), and I like it quite a bit. It's nice and light, and folds up fairly small. The ballhead is surprisingly smooth, and it holds my 80d with medium lenses without any issue. The only drawbacks are that the fit and finish aren't perfect, and that the center column is somewhat difficult to raise or lower. But neither of those things has been an issue for me.
No problem! It's not perfect, but I *really* like mine. You can also adjust the legs' angles independently (and even flip them over), so it gives you tons of angles to work with.
They have stops at three different angles, but nothing is stopping you from flipping it over and using it at any angle. That technically makes it a bit less stable, but I've never had any issues with using it that way.
[Here's one of the weird configurations I've used it in.](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/qrYrsegPTxJi77uR6MA48GQDUi4EqMgFbm32UA35WIU0JrUCdurFnYv89tpgDSd3Jt8oJykaFv_P1TIMqdviVsscsJP74-2xtk0pkFoRWJyzUaGmxli8BNT13hVQ1fTS7lnXbuN3FK1ixHSXc0wbkKOzWKS9C5SUxayVgtGYGsJAez2mfoLUqjhr1Y912orGhJt5KLZGRvBim1KQHzUJSmkeBkefUuKuEtpwS2wP-jISBrQ-iuhYvG-NGTY7luvR2Imh13SwjqOvsQ_cVRlBnXmAIjU7mvgBzuT1ptjHXsx1ZPpB5zFdnRJL1oIk_wCeR1epvOymPjPsLr7yhGQVPAJsMUgptXV-IUiyTDVsyOeP5t3OQ531LwPwE_w-2dXNfU9IjZe7Htr13JhTYuUegIQuBfnxRRquMWlvXD5uCvOnn21_zyfaUw7C6jtmFq_-2nRIMCs82X54Pb6CISgEAk65cojKaSw35ubGeBMFbcFKjblxPv1kExLbWLHOlJfoXXVnoMkxXLHlI2YzTt4xk9Qd4X3nT3zo9IysughtGAssXhsSyC7xxxJtLGBTf-wyedPZtoHqObaHRw_TpWfbCkdLDoAxXqLIBfOD0H4=w712-h949-no)
Oh shit, you're *not* supposed to crash?
You're confused about aperture. The exact same aperture will give you the same exposure settings on both crop and FF. The depth of field changes, but that's it.
You must not have seen [these Lincoln limos](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/97/Lincoln_MKT_limo.JPG). I thought they were ugly in regular SUV form, and then I saw this...
Wow, flexible nylon tape! Just like the tape measure I got in a subway kids meal a decade ago!
Oh yeah, because all mental illnesses are the same. Schizophrenic? No, you're just not working hard enough.
Do you honestly not see the sarcasm in their comment?
It's not even just that people are willing to turn a blind eye, but in my experience, people tend to get hostile when you point out that there are hidden costs to cheap things.
Oh yeah, it's definitely just staffed by HS kids. That's why they all close during school hours. Because they don't have any non HS employees.
I'd suggest contacting Canon's support. They will either be able to find a solution, or will start you on the warranty process. Since it's under warranty, don't take any risks, since if you damage it further, it probably wouldn't be covered.
If you can provide proof that you are the original photographer, this post will be reapproved. But given what the other users have brought up, it seems pretty clear that you're lying about the OC part.
Thanks for posting this. I've taken down the post.
Going to one license plate would be foolish. I've seen far too many videos on /r/roadcam where people were able to get away with a hit and run because they didn't have front plates on.
Or you know, I just wrote down what I remembered, and what the wikipedia article said.
Yeah, I'm automatically suspicious of particularly good photos posted as OC without any sort of backstory. I find that most of the time when I am, a quick image search shows that it's a stolen image.
I understand where the misunderstanding came in. In the future, I'd definitely recommend editing the title to indicate that you crossposted. At the very least, remove tags like "OC", as that implies that you took the photo yourself. Crossposts are fine. Just make sure that you aren't misleading people.
It looks like there was plenty of room to pass one at a time.
No kidding. Just a few feet and he could have lost his legs.
It all really depends on the photographer. Some of the pros I know hate selling copyright, so they quote some pretty high fees (often thousands of dollars per photo). Others don't really care, and they'll just give them if the client asks. I personally am somewhat in the middle. If a client wants copyright, I'll often quote a fee somewhere between 50% to 150% of what the shoot alone is.
I love dark skies in B&amp;W photography. Obviously I'm no Ansel Adams, but I love [this shot](https://photos.smugmug.com/Personal/2017/November/2017-11-24/n-XLqqbD/i-9q8TJLS/1/fe253bfd/X5/i-9q8TJLS-X5.jpg) I got back in November.
I shot in color, and during the B&amp;W conversion in Lightroom, I set the blue value very dark. The tree itself was actually this incredible bright white. I just bumped the highlights a tiny bit with the brush in LR to give it a tiny bit more pop. [Here's a lightly processed color photo of the same scene,](https://photos.smugmug.com/Personal/2017/November/2017-11-24/n-XLqqbD/i-v8jJsn2/0/612d5379/X5/i-v8jJsn2-X5.jpg) if you'd like to get a better idea of what it looked like in person.
Thanks! That's the first B&amp;W photo I ever put any serious effort into. Most of the time I just run a quick conversion, but I'm glad I took the time to be a bit more meticulous with that one.
Or even just including them in their portfolio or using them for marketing materials.
One big part is that holding the copyright allows the photographer to use them in their portfolio and for certain types of marketing.
Yeah, the edges are a little odd, but I haven't found them to be that big of a deal. Even looking at [a higher resolution version](https://photos.smugmug.com/Personal/2017/November/2017-11-24/n-XLqqbD/i-9q8TJLS/1/fe253bfd/5K/i-9q8TJLS-5K.jpg), I only really notice the differences when pixel peeping. I still have the raws (it's actually a vertical panorama), so I can always try different software in the future. I hadn't thought of the light and dark bands, so that was either subconscious or completely accidental. I'll definitely be working with that in mind for future shoots, though! Thanks for telling me about that.
And even with a crane, it probably won't be easy. Who knows how close the nearest stable ground is?
I sure wouldn't want to see that tow fee. Actually, I really want to see it. I just don't want to have to pay it.
I think that's a state by state law. That said, all states have some form of that law. From [wikipedia:](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Move_over_law) &gt;In the United States, move over laws are aimed at protecting emergency responders working along the roadside. All fifty states have passed the laws
Yeah, it would take quite a bit of money to convince me to shoot a wedding. They just sound like an awful time. Senior portraits, family shoots, and head shots are good enough for me, thank you very much.
As you deserve. Either fully commit to paying attention to driving, or pull over. I don't want my day ruined (or worse) because you were too damn selfish to pay attention.
It shouldn't look any more different than the ~2mm focal length difference would make. That's the entire point of calculating equivalent focal length.
It's quite possible. I took that a bit outside of Dubuque, Iowa, which is just on the very northern edge of their range.
What a dipshit. Way too focused on *immediately* getting over to even so much as glance at their mirror.
Had the driver continued straight, they might have even missed the SUV. What an idiot.
&gt; Although, they seem to be very popular in the city too, for some reason. I'd imagine that it's for much of the same reasons that pickup trucks are popular in the suburbs here in the US.
No, it's because a dull knife is more likely to slip and cut you, especially when cutting something irregular.
Those are some good points in general, but it's worth pointing out that the size and weight arguments aren't important in OP's case, as they already have the 5d mk III. Going to a 5ds would actually be a slight weight *reduction*.
Death Valley is only about two hours away, too.
Thanks! The colors just weren't all that interesting when I took the photo. It was right around noon (and I couldn't have gone back later, since I was just driving by). I was surprised at how well the B&amp;W turned out.
The Best Buy in the Mall of America actually has a pretty good camera selection. You can catch the light rail straight from the airport if you'd like.
Seriously, meeting at a vacant house would be the red flag to end all red flags for me. If a seller (or a buyer for that matter) isn't willing to meet in a very public place, I'll pass. It seems pretty safe to assume that something is off at that point.
It really depends on the exact lenses you're considering. But (very) generally speaking, a macro lens will tend to have a narrower max aperture than a normal lens the same price, and it will also likely focus slower.
Whenever I fly I bring my DLSR and all my lenses. It's never been a hassle for me. You don't have to unpack anything. Just put the bag on the scanner belt.
If you're thinking of the regular Gopros,[ the Session](https://shop.gopro.com/cameras/hero5-session/CHDHS-502-master.html) is a fair bit smaller, and is only $200 right now.
Are you sure it's not a tractor?
The more you know...
/r/downvotesreally
If they're currently averaging 500 miles a week at 20MPG, they're burning about 25 gallons per week. Improve that to 35mpg cuts it down to 14.3 gallons per week. Lets call it a 10 gallon difference just to make it easy. According to AAA, the national average gas prices are right about $2.50, meaning that they'd save about $25 a week or a bit over $100 a month. That alone likely won't be worth the difference between car payments. But if they were thinking about a new car anyways, that might be just enough of an incentive to make it worthwhile.
I don't have a source, but from what I've heard, tracks are *monumentally* expensive. I recall reading about one costing in the hundreds of millions of dollars. That said, you probably wouldn't need anything nearly as fancy for private use, but I'm sure it would still be in the millions.
I didn't even start off thinking of that, but once I was trying to think of a non-car vehicle with wheels it seemed like too good of a reference to pass up.
The 75-300's image quality is rough to start, and adding a teleconverter will only make it worse. Plus, that lowers the max aperture, which does nothing to help OP's issues with shutter speed.
Buying a car from them just tells them that this sort of behavior is acceptable.
I figured that it might be interesting to see a slight change from the norm. Glad you liked it!
Something is deeply wrong with that camera. It's almost like the color layers are misaligned. Just look at the red from the tail lights.
The T3 is 12mp, not 18. You're probably thinking of the T3i.
Why does that matter? Besides, there are plenty of ways to shoot manually on a phone. Hell, your rule doesn't even do anything to prevent someone from grabbing a $50 piece of shit from Walmart and shooting on full auto.
More like no f-150s. But even more so, because smartphones make up the vast majority digital cameras around today.
I'm pretty sure that it's compatible with the [Connect Station](https://www.usa.canon.com/internet/portal/us/home/products/details/cameras/connect-station/connect-station-cs100), but I don't know about regular network drives.
Did you have the first version? OP is talking about the second, and it has [a bit of an improvement over the first.](https://www.the-digital-picture.com/Reviews/ISO-12233-Sample-Crops.aspx?Lens=1072&amp;Camera=963&amp;Sample=0&amp;FLI=5&amp;API=0&amp;LensComp=355&amp;CameraComp=963&amp;SampleComp=0&amp;FLIComp=4&amp;APIComp=0)
It's just anecdotal evidence, but the only people I knew who were affected by the trade in never even thought of buying another VW. They just didn't trust the company anymore.
Many consumers just don't care about how their products were made, or any other sorts of impacts they might have. If people really did care, Nestle would be in a lot more trouble than they are now.
Gotcha. I haven't really heard much about its performance on crop, but it makes sense that it wasn't great, given that it wasn't a massive improvement over the first.
Definitely one of my favorite blogs out there.
There's a big difference between 2000 square feet and a lot of these stupid McMansions, which can easily be twice that.
I have one, but I was hoping for an option which would make it a bit easier to keep the tripod balanced.
I wish, but unfortunately that would mess with the grip. I don't only use my camera for tripod work, so that's not an option for me.
I've been going with that for now, and I guess that it seems like I'll have to continue to make do that way. Thanks for the advice, though!
I'm considering it, but I want to make sure that there isn't a good alternative before I drop that kind of cash.
I believe that it's rated for 100,000. That said, shutters can often go beyond their rated lifespan. Unless you're a professional who needs to have a working camera at all times, I wouldn't worry about replacing it. Even if the shutter does fail, you can get it replaced, which would be less than a new body. Maybe start setting aside a bit of money, so that if it does fail, you have the reserve to either repair or replace it, depending on the circumstances.
Does it allow the screen to rotate when folded out? If so, that looks just about perfect!
Great, thanks for the information!
I'm amazed that they didn't hit any of those other cars.
What do you bet that this elderly driver was one of who knows how many mix up the pedals and just double down instead of letting off for a moment?
[Here's a chart showing the level of blur with both of those focal lengths and apertures.](http://asklens.com/howmuchblur/#compare-1.5x-50mm-f1.8-and-1.5x-35mm-f2-on-a-0.9m-wide-subject)
Because that's where the GIF came from?
Shit, I misunderstood them. I thought that they were venting exhaust for some reason.
Thanks for the clarification!
Especially fuck the people who cut off others in order to enable it.
That shows water temps, not air temps.
You should get the ERG 2016 app. It lets you look up those things (and what to do if there's an accident with them) without any internet connection.
Is there any chance that OSHA would be interested in the bleacher issue? I know that it has to be reported by an employee, but I wonder if your SO would be able to file a report.
In my experience, it's pretty simple to file a complaint with OSHA. I did it for blocked exits at my work. There was a simple form to fill out online. The next business day I got a call from someone with OSHA to ask a few follow up questions, and then they gave me the choice of having them send a letter or do an inspection. I chose the letter since I was pretty sure that'd take care of it, and the issue was gone in just a few days. I would also suggest calling your local code enforcement department. Even if they can't help, they may be able to point you towards someone who can.
Are you sure about the 18-55 being in the secondary category? My copy seems to behave very similarly to my 55-250 STM. Both of them are distinctly different from the 50mm STM, though.
I believe that it doesn't offer clean HDMI output, so you would have any on-screen elements showing while recording.
These lenses are a perfect example of how some qualities aren't captured in lab numbers.
Holy shit, 57,000 Yen back in 1961. With the exchange rate right now, that's right about $510. According to the BLS inflation calculator, that's equivalent to around $4,200 right now. I know that's not really a perfect method of calculating that, but it puts the value in the ballpark.
It's also great if you want to collaborate with other people. I have a map of locations running with a few of my friends who are photographers.
I'm surprised! My old 50d only had the screen slow down when I was shooting in some seriously extreme cold here in MN.
It's literally their most commented-in sub, too.
If you read the article, you would have seen this: &gt;Auto-body shops are taking full advantage of the situation: the price of a respray has reportedly skyrocketed to, in some cases, more than twice the average citizen’s monthly salary. Average wages in the authoritarian country are reportedly the equivalent of less than $500 per month.
What a fantastic picture.
When I worked at McDonald's in high school, I noticed that a decent number of people would never consider getting out of their cars. There were times where the drive through had a huge line, but there wasn't anyone inside. I saw someone park, get out, order, get their food, and leave before the person who entered the lot right after them even ordered...
Hell, I've seen accounts with that number of followers with even worse engagement. The Walker Art Center is close to that number, but some of their stuff doesn't even break 200 likes.
No problem! I like to talk about it whenever it's relevant, hoping that it encourages people to submit a report if they feel like something is wrong.
Wow, I didn't know that they ran that high of pressures. I bet that could go south fast if a fuel line broke...
I like to play a game in this sub, where I try to guess which users are regulars in t_d. Sometimes it really isn't all that hard.
Being subscribed to /r/roadcam has made me a much more cautious driver. Sure, I wasn't really reckless before, but after seeing all the crashes there, I have a much better idea of how to drive defensively.
Amen to that. If you could just get away with paying the market rate, it would basically be incentivizing stealing, since not all photographers will catch the copyright infringement. And even if they do, some don't bother to pursue anything with it.
I always carry a bluetooth speaker for portrait shoots. I don't always use it, but sometimes it's just what I need to help the subject relax.
&gt; and a big wang
I usually let the subject choose. I figure that they know best. They've chosen everything from bossa nova to dance music. It really depends on what their mood is.
It's like they started off trying to make it symmetrical front to back, realized that it wasn't going to work, and didn't have time to change the greenhouse.
Great points! I also want to add on to point five. Even in states without that dramatic of a difference, they often have things which set apart people under 21. Here in MN, it's a red frame around the picture, with "UNDER 21" printed at the top.
Did the client never even look at their portfolio? God-awful editing aside, these still are some pretty terrible photos, hardly better than snapshots. Hell, I don't even charge that much for my family shoots. My portraits are far from incredible, but I still feel safe saying that they're worlds better than this garbage.
&gt; the ambassador themselves is only expected to not be complete fuckwits They had one job...
I think that the only macro lens which *is* focus-by-wire is the 35mm STM.
It refers to lenses which don't have a mechanical connection between the focusing ring and the actual focusing mechanism. Instead, the ring just tells the lens to use to motor to focus.
Hell, I'm a democrat, and I couldn't bring myself to like Hillary.
It's a real shame that it's not more common here. It can be incredibly delicious. My college cafeteria had goat tacos once, and they were just divine.
The wider angles argument is a bit silly, considering how easily you can grab cheap ultrawides for crop cameras. It's actually a *lot* cheaper to go wide on crop.
If you don't mind waiting a bit for shipping, [Alibaba](https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/Custom-camera-lens-cap-Body-cap_1997365739.html?spm=a2700.7724838.2017115.1.4afef3deqc3unO) has some *really* cheap third party ones.
No kidding. Donuts are donuts, after all.
You're right in that it is to do with seasons. IIRC, the drop corresponds with summer in the northern hemisphere, as growing plants absorb CO2.
This ignorant of a comment really shows that you don't grasp the actual science. To draw a comparison with the medical world, this is like looking at someone being poisoned by lead and saying that it isn't so bad because 200 parts of their blood is lead and 999,800 aren't.
To give more detail, that's because the hood doesn't attach to the extending end of the lens, but rather to the lens body. Furthermore, because it's at its longest extension at 24mm and retracts as you zoom in, it can take advantage of more hood depth as the focal length gets longer. I'm curious why more lenses aren't designed like this, as it's a fantastic design.
Three payments
It always seems like these developments are conspicuously absent of anything that they're named for. Maybe the developers chose to name them based on what they bulldozed.
How is this always true? My grandparents live in a house like this, and even our Subaru Forester can scrape if you aren't careful taking it up the driveway.
Good for you.
stupid or phone It's like the new /r/DrunkOrAKid
That's assuming that she has insurance. Unfortunately, there are plenty of drivers on the road without. My mom hit someone who ran a stop sign. Thankfully, our insurance covered the damage to our car, but we would have been out of luck otherwise.
It's not tailgating the semi that you have to worry about for that reason. It's cutting off the semi, or having it tailgate *you*.
That's an entirely different truck. Just as invalid of a comparison as using a video of a Ferrari braking hard in a discussion about a pickup truck.
Is there any rule against someone driving a car with the N sign when they don't need it? I imagine that the sign could be for a different driver in the family, but I'm not familiar with the laws surrounding them.
I'll second using the [DNG converter.](https://helpx.adobe.com/photoshop/digital-negative.html) It's never failed to work for me, and I work with Raw files from a lot of different cameras at work.
I wouldn't be so fast to say that the 7d is better in every regard. Sure, everything that you listed is true. But you completely ignored the difference in sensors, which is a pretty big one. The 200d has the newest 24mp sensor, while the 7d has the older 18mp one. Beyond the advantage in resolution, the 200d has a *huge* advantage in dynamic range at base ISO (1.7 stops), which is quite important for landscape work. It also manages to have a decent advantage in low-light performance. /u/nguszzs, I'd suggest checking out [this comparison](https://www.dxomark.com/Cameras/Compare/Side-by-side/Canon-EOS-200D-versus-Canon-EOS-7D___1171_619) of the two. If your focus really is mostly landscape, I think that the image quality difference between the two is enough that I would recommend the 200d.
Given that they said that they're mostly focused on landscape and that action is only occasional, I personally think that it would make more sense to prioritize IQ. That said, of course either camera will be a fantastic choice. There's not really a particularly clear-cut best choice here. I definitely agree that 18mp is plenty! Some of my favorite landscape images were taken with my old 50d, which only had 15mp.
Ugh, a helicopter? I just make everything come to me. I'm too important to *go* places.
"But you can buy a ten year old model with 150,000 miles for the same price!"
I find it hilarious to see "100 megapixels" preceded by "only".
There's a big difference between "talking negatively" and making completely unconstructive comments. Please, enlighten me as to how just calling a place "a shithole" helps them.
Especially under that stressful of a situation.
&gt; It’s easier to shoot wide angle because you don’t have a crop This really isn't relevant anymore. You can get the 10-18mm for less than $300. If anything, it's easier to go ultrawide on *crop*, since there are such cheap lenses.
I can't promise it'll change my mind, but I'll take a look. Thanks!
Black on black automatically makes someone look like an event waiter or a jazz band player. Not to knock on either of those things, but it's just not a great look.
I just looked it up, and it sounds like it was 61% yes, 38% no. Definitely a big margin!
&gt; Larsen also said a lawsuit seemed unnecessary because the people in the Weldcraft weren’t hurt badly. What a piece of shit. I hope they take him to the cleaners.
The article makes it sound like one of them was wearing one, but it didn't inflate.
IMO, adding the stuff to the side is even worse than filming vertically. At least normal vertical footage can be watched vertically on a phone.
The sensors have more than enough pixels to film in either orientation. Assuming an aspect ratio of 4x3, a sensor with 1920 vertical pixels will have 2560 horizontal ones. That's less than 5 megapixels, which basically all phone cameras exceed.
That reminds me of the fantastic story (I think from /r/pettyrevenge) of the person who purposefully hit a speedbump hard in their truck, because they were being tailgated by someone in a lower car.
[Yes.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16499405) Are you being dense on purpose?
Kilofucked.
We also have a significant Hmong population here in MN. Their home climate is pretty different too.
I don't even shoot much film, but I'm always happy to see *anyone* interested in it. The more people buying film, the less likely that more manufacturers will pull production.
No, you missed my point. I was saying that the phones should be able to film horizontally, even when held vertically.
Yeah, that's more like it! And I really doubt anything like this would ever make it to market. Most people just don't care about vertical video, and there's a really simple fix for those who do.
He should never operate anything larger than a canoe again. If only you could lose your driver's license for something like this, too.
That sounds pretty rational to me.
It's like they're *trying* to be dense.
Good call screenshotting. Looks like they already took it down.
Wow, [this](https://i.imgur.com/CH1eaIR.png) is a pretty terrible photoshop.
I'd suggest going with a shorter exposure or a much longer one. Right now, you have a distracting amount of blur in the stars, but not enough that it looks deliberate. I'd also suggest reprocessing this image. Whatever you did to the Milky Way is really distracting.
FYI, Boeing is actually headquartered in Chicago.
Thanks! I sure love living here.
There is that Lexus SUV making the left at the light which *really* cut the turn short.
I'm so excited! I really hope that Updraft's current models are correct, because they have us getting quite a bit here!
I hate drinking out of styrofoam without a straw, though. It's such a gross feeling.
Wow, so you're saying that there are people who are above average?! Next thing we know, you'll also talk about how some people don't make that much!
That attitude of "someone else is worse, so why should I try to improve" is such a shitty way to look at life. Besides, these sorts of pollutants work on much more of a local scale. Particulates don't travel in the way that GHGs do.
There's not much of a reason to. Most people don't need that sort of resolution, and it makes the already high pixel density on the sensor even worse. That seriously limits low-light capabilities.
That's actually a thing! Just look up Dutch doors!
You're being deliberately obtuse. The word "organic" has multiple meanings, and you know what people mean when talking about food. Besides, it's actually a regulated term, so it does mean something. Whether that something is enough to justify a price difference is a different debate, but your response is just stupid.
When working with Minecraft, do you typically use external editors, or is it all in-game? And if you do it in-game, do you use commands, or is it all manual?
"research" Care to back up your claims?
My college just has simple clicker sets which stay in the rooms. They never have issues setting up, and we don't have to buy anything.
[Here's a peer reviewed article for you.](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0167880900002577) &gt;With regard to soil biology, organic farming is usually associated with a significantly higher level of biological activity...In most cases there is also a lower surplus of nutrients and less leaching with organic than with conventional farming. [Or here's another, with an even more direct quote.](https://www.nature.com/articles/1602522) &gt;Within the same dietary pattern, chemical–conventional production methods have a greater environmental impact than organic methods. Are you ever going to every post this "research" which you claim backs up your argument, or are you going to expect people to take your claims at face value?
The 24-70 does have quite an impressive maximum magnification (0.7 times, while the true macro lenses do 1x). But aside from that, it looks like image quality is about the same, so I'd recommend the 24-105 mk II for almost everyone.
They're not going to. I'm pretty sure that they were just talking out of their ass when referencing this mysterious "research". If you're actually interested in reading a bit about some of the science related to different farming methods, I linked a few studies [in this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/7rsarl/professionals_in_any_field_of_work_whats_the_most/dt0l4rq/)
You can get basic lights for a few bucks, and the same goes for hi-vis vests. I just checked on Amazon, and you can get a cheap pair of lights (front and back) *and* a high vis vest for just over $10. I know that a lot of people live with very little money, but even for someone working part time on minimum wage, that's still not a massive expense. Besides, I know that many places have programs where they will give those things away.
Yes, I believe that they must. I actually took the reflectors off of my bikes, since they got in the way of my equipment on my road bike, and broke on my MTB. Of course, I have plenty of lights on my bikes when I ride anywhere near dark, so that's still completely legal, and it leaves me a lot more visible.
In my area, they actually had a program (and maybe still do) where instead of issuing tickets, they'd give a warning and a free set of cheap lights.
It's hard to say anything about hypothetical fault with certainty, but my guess is that the cyclist would be at fault. It's almost certainly illegal to ride without lights at night there, so their law-breaking would have caused the crash.
There really ought to be more of a license requirement to drive those massive motor homes. It's just crazy that any old person can buy one and drive around in a vehicle the size of a bus (or maybe even longer, especially if they're towing a car) without any sort of training.
They're better than nothing, but they really aren't great. They are super cheap, though, and would nicely supplement some cheap lights.
I definitely agree! I wasn't using "old" to mean age, but rather just as a figure of speech. I can see why that wasn't clear, though.
It's scary how ignorant some people are of safety hazards. I always try to leave plenty of space, so I don't have to be anywhere near them. I only personally know one family with a big motor home, but their dad drives buses for a living, so he really knows what he's doing.
Vinegar based coleslaw is clearly superior.
I've never had mine get stuck. Then again, I wouldn't be surprised if there was a fair bit of variation from filter to filter, given their price.
Plus it'll often give you better image quality anyways.
If you accidentally rammed the lens into something, it would be a lot harder to replace the hood.
Those are almost all primes.
My parents' 2015 Forester got a new engine well before 20,000 miles. Although it sucked that it needed it, the dealership really made sure that it wasn't a bad experience. They had a brand new loaner, and the car was back in about a week.
That's crazy. I didn't know that was possible.
[There's always this classic video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kMTHwjy6Z8)
Check out [this comic too!](https://www.instagram.com/p/BeGvFYwgfQQ/?taken-by=adamtots) There's definitely a decent amount of work that he put in.
Yes you can. It's just that cooking isn't enough to do the job.
My 80d has this as well! It can even time the burst rate to sync to the light flickers.
Make sure to zoom in to see all the details possible! Each shot used for this panorama has the exact same exposure settings: Canon EOS 80d Canon EF 50mm f/1.8 STM f/5.6 1/200s ISO 200 Edited in Lighroom 4.4 and stitched in Microsoft ICE
Thanks! It's amazing how much snow piled up on the branches.
Definitely! I pushed out four cars on my college's campus today, and I was alone for only one of them. And that's because they were way back in one of the less busy lots.
The Culver's in my town has one. I guess anything is possible.
That's an important point. When I'm pushing on cars I try to push right around the edge of a body panel, since there's less flex in those areas.
Sometimes it helps to turn back and forth. There were a few cars I pushed out yesterday, and that really helped for some of them.
That style of video editing is *so* mid 2000s.
It looks *horrible* on a stock one (that picture actually looks a lot better than in person), but actually works alright for one which has been modified a bit. The orange just looks so much better, though.
[School buses too.](http://photos1.blogger.com/x/blogger/1856/2130/1600/773992/hummer_accident.jpg)
That can't have felt good.
Probably a short of the lines powering the light.
Sure
Good for you.
How drunk do you have to be to get *that* confused?
Seriously. I used to love playing survival islands, but it's hard to find a good map now that the oceans are so small.
Your link is broken.
Go ahead and let him know that you're happy! It's still important to let your opinion be heard.
[This video of a shuttle launch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lq_shHu4lAs) is pretty spectacular too.
Do you mean the reflections off the glass itself, or the color of flare in the photos taken with them? If it's the first, taking a look at my 100mm f/2.8L IS Macro, I see reflections which are green, blue, yellow, pinkish red, and white. My 18-55 IS STM actually reflects all of the same colors, just in different parts of the lens.
I was surprised to see. For what it's worth, with the 18-55 I only saw green and white off of the front element, while the other colors were only on ones much deeper inside. The 100 L had all of the reflections appear to be near the front.
I can't stand it when people try to bring in their religion (or really any other trait) to try to make it seem like they're being persecuted. All that does is take away from the actual victims of discrimination.
&gt;If they had put that power train in a Civic chassis it would have done much better. But it would have been a completely different car at that point. The Insight looked that way because it's extremely light and aerodynamic, in a way that the Civic isn't. If you combined the two in that way, you'd get worse fuel economy than the Insight, and worse performance than the Civic.
[At least since 1980, and maybe even since the '50s.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NIMBY#Origin_and_history)
They sell incredibly well here at the Minnesota State Fair.
Image quality. While the P900's zoom is impressive, that's all the camera has going for it. Everything else about it is outperformed by other cameras at the same price.
It's only $600, so not actually all that expensive for a camera.
None. There just aren't any superzooms to that extent. Mirrorless cameras have much larger sensors, and thus much lower crop factors. For a lens to provide a similar zoom on one, it would have to be *massive*.
It's the Nikon P900. And it's only $600, which isn't very expensive for a camera. Expensive cameras are about a lot more than just zoom. For the vast majority of uses, image quality is more important, and the P900 falls flat there.
But look at how much time they saved!
Let me guess, they also took forever to accelerate to that 48? People in my town seem afraid of their gas pedal, because it always takes *forever* for them to get up to speed. I remember being stuck behind one particularly bad example. I timed them, and it took over a minute for them to get to 60 mph.
Tone plays a lot into how things like this are perceived, but it's hard to get those differences over text.
I agree. Sure, it's illegal, but I really don't see much harm in this specific case. You definitely wouldn't want everyone doing this, but one person occasionally doing so really isn't going to have a big impact.
That guy on the left definitely had the right idea leaning away.
Oh, absolutely not. But it does provide some amount of insight into their actions.
When I sold my 50d, I got so many obvious scam texts. It's amazing that there are still people who fall for the "I'm on vacation, but can you ship it to me?" line.
This is why my photography professor would always tell off people for leaving their strap hanging off the table. I know that won't help you now, but maybe it'll help someone else build a good habit. As for your lens, I can't think of any ways you'd be able to fix that/
I find that very slight split toning can work very nicely for landscapes.
There's a sense of scale that just can't be captured in a photo.
If you want, you can file a complaint against the driver [here.](https://nccdb.fmcsa.dot.gov/nccdb/ComplaintEntry.aspx?choice=CONSUMER) I don't really know if it does much, but I figure it can't hurt.
You don't just accelerate blindly. This crash could have been avoided, but the other driver basically said "fuck it" and hit the gas. Don't drive where you can't see. It's one of the most basic things with driving.
&gt; Stopping in the middle of the intersection because you can’t see is also proven to cause accidents. Yeah, but then you're not at fault for running over a group of pedestrians in the crosswalk.
Was this partially inspired by [Atomium](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/11/Atomium_320_by_240_CCBY20_flickr_Mike_Cattell.jpg/1200px-Atomium_320_by_240_CCBY20_flickr_Mike_Cattell.jpg), by chance?
&gt; returning I know you meant "returfing", but I'm imagining someone bringing a whole football field to the customer service desk at a store.
The slowest of them (the base electric model) has a 0-60 of 11.4 seconds. That's not fast by any means, but it's also far from slow. Just a few decades ago, that would have been pretty typical, and drivers managed then.
Please, tell me how the pedestrians could have reasonably avoided getting run over, when they had already entered the crosswalk before the driver even began moving. Saying that "they could have exercised more caution" is ridiculous. They were clearly paying attention, as you can see how they avoided crossing due to the car turning right across their path. Hell, the driver even turned into the wrong lane. Had they actually followed even that part of the law, they probably wouldn't have hit anyone. You're deflecting blame from the driver onto the victims. That's the very definition of victim blaming.
I honestly believe that watching videos here has made me a better driver. Having seen videos like this, I'm much more aware of how things can go wrong in different situations, and I then focus more on things which I may have overlooked previously.
The person who hit them didn't even turn into the closest lane, which may have even prevented the crash. A hell of a lot of bad decisions on their part caused that crash.
They weren't able to cross earlier. You can see car turning right and failing to yield to them.
I've watched a lot of videos here, and it's still some of the worst driving that I've ever seen. I can't think of much that is harder to miss than a firetruck running full lights and sirens.
Or they could have driven at a speed where they could see things in time to stop. It's not like the only options are not moving at all or just hitting the gas and hoping for the best.
Fantastic shot! I'm normally disappointed when I'm shooting and there aren't any clouds at sunset, but it seems like you really ran with it! What focal length was this?
Reminds me of a guy who lived on my floor freshman year. Quite attractive until he began to speak. Then he scared off anyone remotely interested in him.
"sell by" is another annoying one.
They couldn't even bother to format it nicely. It just looks like things are missing.
"They're taking too long to pass! Better make it even longer, by risking my life." -That driver
I'm assuming they wanted to pass, but were also leaving a safe following distance from the car in front.
Exactly why you don't swerve unless you're 100% sure that where you're going is clear. Even if their story had been true, they would have just transferred fault onto themselves.
I feel like so many kids assume that their principal is some hardass, super strict authority figure. Sure, that's the case sometimes, but it's far from universal. My HS principal was actually a really cool guy. He even let me keep my bike in his office on my last day of school, since I wanted to ride to school, but didn't want to risk my nice road bike on the racks.
Thanks! This was entirely luck. I think I took about 500 pictures of that bird in around an hour, and it just happened to be blinking in that one. [This shot](https://photos.smugmug.com/Personal/2017/February/2017-02-06-Hawk/n-xF4kzz/i-FTnphDh/0/29a8dc39/X5/i-FTnphDh-X5.jpg) is probably my best from that day. I was incredibly lucky to be able to get close enough to take it. I do a lot of birds, but even more landscapes. Portraits make up the majority of my photography income, but they're not as much what I shoot for fun. I'd love to get more bird pics, but my opportunities are somewhat limited during the winter.
Canon EOS 80d Canon EF-S 55-250 IS STM 250mm f/5.6 ISO 400 1/125s
&gt;Also IIRC for medium/large format film is a lot more affordable, That's definitely true! Medium format digital is definitely very expensive. I can only think of one large format digital camera (with an 8x10 inch sensor!), and it was custom made. [Here's an article on it.](https://www.popphoto.com/gear/2011/08/meet-six-figure-8x10-custom-made-digital-back) They don't quote an exact price, but it sounds like it was well into 6 figures.
They were in the crosswalk before that car even started moving. There's no way they could have anticipated that.
Gotta build the hype and inflate value somehow. I've had to ban a few users from subs I mod for spamming comments.
That budget may be a little ambitious, but it's close. I'd definitely suggest looking at refurbished or used options. If you do that, these are the closest comparisons: * Refurbished 77d body, at $720 * Used 18-135, at $240 * Used 35mm f/2, at $340 * Refurbished 50mm f/1.8 STM, at $100 * Used 55-250 STM, at $140 * Refurbished 10-18mm, at $240 The refurbished prices are from Canon, and the used are from KEH. That brings you to a total of a bit below $1,780. If you were patient and waited for good deals, you could probably shave off enough to get that down to $1,500. It'd be worth keeping an eye on your local Craigslist, as some of those lenses pop up pretty frequently.
[Here's a Safety Data Sheet for some commercial detergent I found online.](http://www.hdchem.net/D-DishMachineDetergent.pdf) A few things that stuck out to me: PH: 13. That's the same as most oven cleaners, and quite close to drain cleaner. You're also supposed to wear gloves, goggles, and even a face shield when handling it. That's nasty stuff.
Hell, I've been doing laundry for years, and I had no ideas that it was *this* bad. It's not like I had plans to eat any, but it's still scary to know just how dangerous it is. I wonder what other chemicals people deal with regularly without knowing their true danger?
I agree that exposure is worthless. I had an article published by both Petapixel and DIYphotography, with my IG credited. I gained something like 2 followers. I was fine with it though. I originally wrote it up to provide some tips to other photographers, so it was great to get to share it with more people.
Do you have a source on that law? I've never seen anything regulating the length of horn use, so that'd be interesting to read. Assuming you're not just pulling that stat out of your ass, that is.
yes
Ouch.
Not in the context of this article. And many others.
The superbowl starts after sunset, so it makes sense that they'd want to train in the dark.
Given how obsessed you are with video features, a dedicated video camera seems best for you. If you're working on small budget projects, why do you need to have the best in every way?
[Unfortunately, no.](http://www.wtip.org/dnr-does-not-complete-dye-trace-study-devils-kettle)
I bought Hotline Miami with my last Prolific cashout. I have a lot more coming from them and Usertesting, though, so I'm thinking I'll put that towards new speakers.
I've heard that insurance on Corvettes is often much less expensive than Mustangs, but I don't have a source.
/r/isitbutter
Unfortunately there was [a real death along those lines.](http://www.foxnews.com/story/2008/03/21/girl-whose-intestines-were-partially-sucked-out-by-swimming-pool-drain-dies.html)
It's a GTI, which makes a rental seem less likely to me, but it's hard to say for sure.
It's almost as if language evolves and word definitions aren't perfectly static. It's needlessly pedantic to "correct" people with the original definition, particularly when definitions such as "to cause great destruction or harm to" are found in essentially all dictionaries.
I linked the video with a timestamp. The issue must be on your end.
It was timestamped. Look into getting a better app.
[What the fuck are you going on about?](https://imgur.com/a/ArrGgwz) What motivation would I have to lie?
There's a big difference between building a beachhead capable of moving troops and their supplies, and building a massive modern port, capable of supporting some of the largest ships in the world. [If you look at photos of Normandy](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/66/NormandySupply_edit.jpg/1280px-NormandySupply_edit.jpg), it relied heavily upon landing craft, which could beach themselves and offload cargo. Try doing that with [one of these](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/d/da/Container_ship_New_Orleans.jpg/1920px-Container_ship_New_Orleans.jpg) (taken in New Orleans) and see how far it'll get you. Even if you somehow managed to get the containers off in once piece, you now need to get them where they're going. That takes even more infrastructure, which will take even more time and money.
Would you consider adding an ability for certain posters to opt-out? I deliberately post lower-res images due to issues with image theft in the past, so this bot is quite irritating to me.
Water, for wilderness fire fighting. I believe that it holds 100 gallons. This plane can also have two canoes strapped to it to get firefighters into remote areas.
It's a gorgeous area! I'm spending the summer working in the National Forest, which is quite the privilege.
And this individual is at least 50 years old, but has been upgraded to modern avionics and lighting!
Or just waiting in line. It's amazing how long some waits get.
Holy shit, thank you so much for updating this! I've had the exact same issue for months, and I was about to get rid of the dock. One last search brought me here, and it looks like this fixed it!
If it keeps popping up, I'll definitely buy one of those. Thanks again!
This helicopter is remarkably versatile. It can transport up to four firefighters and their gear, conduct medical evacuations, carry either cargo or water on a longline, and even ignite backburns when equipped with a plastic sphere dispenser. While Type 3 helicopters are the smallest in wildfire operations, their utility shouldn't be underestimated.
I don't disagree that the support is there. But it's also important to consider that those who oppose mining may be reluctant to so visibly display their feelings. You're right in that mining doesn't destroy everything. But the impacts are absolutely massive in scale. I just pulled up Google Earth and took a quick look around Virginia. One tailings pond alone is over 7,300 acres, or around 11.5 square miles. That's a *massive* area for any impact, let alone for just a single "pond". Multiply that many times over, and you're looking at tens of thousands of acres destroyed.
If you want to convince people, perhaps you ought to rebut the criticism. As it is, it just looks like you can't actually put together any argument.
As the article also says, she's 18, and therefore a legal adult.
And not having people driving through reduces the likelihood of anyone getting hit.
Thanks for calling them out!
Have you also considered the SL2? It's a nice small camera with a ton of good features. It even shares a sensor with the 80d, and will have very similar image quality.
To expand on tire pressure, not all vehicles require the same pressure across all tires. For example, my work truck is supposed to have 10 PSI more in the back. Also, don't look at the sidewalls for the proper pressure. All cars should have the recommended pressure on the driver's door sill.
That's also only a few dollars less than a Byrd Robin 2, which would be better in every way when compared to that terrible rainbow monstrosity.
Perhaps she shouldn't hold such an important job if she can't handle the basic duties of the job and maintain a professional demeanor.
That's basically what I did when outfitting my kitchen last spring. I bought a $100 chef's knife, a $5 paring knife, and took an old bread knife from my parents' basement. Definitely the right way to go
Those requirements do make sense though. If they're testing something in VR, how else are they supposed to do it?
IDK, there are also the old guys with too much money who buy a pro FF body and a few nice lenses, and then just take the exact same shitty photos of a bunch of amateur models in revealing outfits.
"And even in the most extreme conditions" Hits waves that are maybe 1 foot.
&gt; but have never seen data to prove that. That would be because the opposite is true. Even with hybrids or electric cars the environmental impact of production is dwarfed by that of operation.
They're also acting as if the truck driver knew that cammer was recording.
They don't seem like the sort of person who would bother checking before merging anyways, so at least this lets other people know to keep their distance.
Even given that they had a professional production company, I don't quite get why it cost that much. Maybe licensing the song, but it's a moronic waste of money no matter what way you look at it.
Eh, at least that has the potential to do something for the community.
That was part of the quote.
There are definitely appropriate times to ask for sources, but there's a certain set of people who just spout that off like it's some argument-winning trick.
It's like he forgot that he was supposed to be loud. [Kinda like this video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1jg-LA3LYU)
I've been quite close to helicopters when they've started up a few times, and the noise is even cooler in person.
[Here you go!](https://old.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/7bufbc/im_former_special_forces_operator_cia_contractor/)
[Here!](https://old.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/7bufbc/im_former_special_forces_operator_cia_contractor/)
[Enjoy](https://old.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/7bufbc/im_former_special_forces_operator_cia_contractor/)
&gt; 959 [Do I have some news for you.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxBzTVoFHXQ)
My sister and I would do the same thing, but with small pinecones.
How the hell does a brand new car not have curtain airbags? My 2007 Civic does, and that's hardly the pinnacle of tech.
Who gives a fuck about how the car comes through when the occupants are paste inside? This Jeep did comically poorly on the occupant safety part.
My town has a state highway make a right turn in our downtown. At least everyone seems to understand how to give trucks room now.
My family had one for a rental car over Thanksgiving. It wasn't fantastic, but I was pleasantly surprised by the relative lack of road noise.
There is absolutely no way I would have believed someone if they told me about this when the standoff was going on.
That's just Amplified for you.
Definitely. My grandpa was in HS (in Korea) during World War II, and he's turning 89 this coming spring.
Ha, I'm awfully lucky to have a bathroom which I only share with my roommate.
There's someone in my town with an old Rabbit in absolutely *gorgeous* condition. It's so much fun to see around.
I remember seeing photos of the aftermath of a snapped carbon seatpost. The rider was on a stationary trainer, and when the post snapped the fragment left behind on the bike impaled their upper thigh/butt. They almost bled to death, and likely would have died if they weren't already in their home. The amount of blood left behind was staggering.
Unfortunately I wasn't able to find it. I saw it on a forum a good five years ago, and it was old then.
I thought that this sub was losing its touch!
And even accident-free work is often hard on their bodies. They're important jobs, but they're hardly easy on the workers.
That's really well said, and I feel much the same way. To me, "atheist" is more of a label of what I'm not than what I am. It's one of the last things that I'd think of when trying to describe myself.
That has to be just about a record for the longest pedal mixup out there.
I'm a freelance photographer, and a huge number of my portrait clients find me through Facebook. It's brought me many thousands of dollars over the past few years.
Thank you! It's really served me well, and I can imagine it will continue to do so for a long time.
Thanks!
That sounds even better. This was a bit awkward, and it took a lot of scrubbing to get the tub clean afterwards.
Thank you! Their paint still stands out, even now.
I remember seeing [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpH5_Luxqwo) a while ago, and it's full of stranger things.
This court: "You can do what you want" People overreacting on Twitter: "Don't tell us what to do!"
I'm really going to have to play around with this soon. That's a surprisingly impressive change.
With fast-moving subjects, camera shake is often negligible, since the shutter speeds needed to freeze the action are quite a bit faster than those needed to prevent shake from showing up. Now, of course that's just one specific situation, and I'd still appreciate having IBIS, but it's far from universally-beneficial.
Ugh, some people are so picky.
I bet it's NPR, playing BBC radio hour.
Wow, I would have guessed that this was a much larger channel. What a nicely done video.
Just permanently station officers with spike strips along the sides of busy roads. No more time to setup!
no u
Don't let your dreams be dreams
Damn, that photo of the car is something else. It's crazy how the bed of the truck just sliced right through the pillars.
Good job calling in. It's a damn good thing that they weren't going any faster when they did crash. As fantastic as modern crash safety is, it can only do so much.
That's pretty unlikely. Rental cars are usually relatively new, and that Expedition is a 2014 model at the newest, with those headlights. Plus, who the hell would rent a Nissan Rogue to go off-roading?
According to the police post, neither driver was seriously injured. Still doesn't look fun, though.
Trust me, Windows does just fine for photo and video work. I work as a photographer, and my co-workers have a mix of Windows and Apple machines. It all comes down to personal preference, and there's no significant advantage to either OS.
Especially because a bunch of reports could potentially illuminate a pattern of disreputable behavior.
You can definitely do that through Automod. What's nice is that you can do that only for comments from certain sorts of users (say accounts with negative karma, for example)
Rip finger
I can second this. There was a company that improperly resurfaced a road in my town, and quite a few vehicles were covered in tar. They didn't even need to see the damage first, but just told my family to bring the car to a shop where they'd pick up the bill.
Yet another reminder of why reasonable following distances are important.
It's crazy what wheel-to-wheel contact will do.
Holy crap, what an excellent research job! Those photos with the parawing are pretty bizarre. How weird would that have been to see?
[Here's a quickly thrown together collection of screenshots.](https://i.imgur.com/Apbt2wW.png) No names, since I'm not about to kick off a witch hunt. The top four are taken from The St. Cloud Times FB (which /r/j_ly mentioned), and the bottom four are from the Faribault Daily Times (where this incident occurred).
Nowhere in their comment did they say that the horses were working the farms. There are uses for horses between farming and racing. Many people have horses for sport riding, but that's a big difference from racing.
No kidding. I think that the worst part is seeing the number of positive reactions. If anything, that shows that these aren't isolated views, but instead hold at least that much support within those communities.
Maybe they just took a forearm from each kid. That way it's fair.
Now that's a community-oriented mindset!
That's a pretty significant "misjudgment". Even if there's technically space for your vehicle to fit, you shouldn't be changing lanes right in front of someone. NJ law isn't particularly clear on the exact definitions here, but it does say that "a driver must only change lanes when there is free space to do so".
Not always. There are plenty of times where I'm on the interstate in a 70, doing around 77, and passing a steady stream of cars going around 65. If someone comes up behind me, I can usually find a gap to slot into, but that doesn't mean that I'm not passing.
&gt; The guy wasn’t tailgating. This is just normal traffic distance Tailgating and normal driving aren't mutually exclusive. A lot of people doing something wrong doesn't make it better.
All of the photos are just the icing on the cake for this story.
Back in 2004
Don't forget about their [absolute shit-show of an AMA](https://old.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/7bv8gd/ceo_of_black_rifle_coffee_co_participates_in_an/)
I shot this at Hidden Falls in Nerstrand Big Woods State Park Canon EOS 80d Canon EF 35mm f/2.0 IS USM 6-stop ND + Circular polarizer 3.2 second f/7.1 ISO 100
With bikes, there are a certain number of gear combos that are really close together, so you wouldn't go through every possible combo when accelerating. Is that the same for truck transmissions like these, or are they spaced out in a way that there aren't any redundant combos?
70 is still better than "manageable" in the Midwest. Hell, even 80 isn't usually all that bad, unless it's a lot more humid than usual.
But don't you know that it's different when *he* does it?
&gt; how hard it is to continue your life in the USA without a car The counterpoint to that argument is that it's also pretty damn hard to continue your life after getting paralyzed by an incompetent driver like this. I hate the attitude that some people have that they're totally justified in endangering other people's lives.
I thought that was going to be even *worse*, with a train plowing through the car right afterwards. Fuck drunk drivers. Of course they get off without injuries, all while putting young kids in the hospital.
Classic MGIF behavior. Even if they had pulled off that turn, they would have saved *maybe* five seconds vs. staying behind the cammer. What a moron.
One of the best tricks that I was taught is to look down to the right (or left if you drive on the left) line when an oncoming car's headlights are blinding you.
Yeah, it's a pain in the butt driving a small car in an area filled with much larger vehicles.
More like: Cammer doesn't have any clue what "defensive driving" means. Right of way won't stop you from getting injured.
Can't even see the driver, but you still had to be racist, huh?
That poor landscaping truck driver. That didn't look like a fun hit. At least it didn't seem hard enough to have a high risk of a particularly severe injury, but I bet they'll be hurting for a while.
Holy fuck, they really stuck with that. What an absolute moron. Making such a terrible move really should be reason enough to take their license for a very long time. Make them start over from scratch, too, with the same classroom, behind the wheel, learners permit, and test. Maybe the humiliation of sitting through that all with a bunch of 15 year olds would be enough motivation.
Do you have a rough budget in mind? There are a lot of different lenses within that range, each of which has its own advantages and disadvantages. Definitely take a look at the variety of 17-50 (or 17-55) f/2.8 zooms out there. They tend to have pretty decent image quality, and they'll give you a nice flexible range with a reasonable bright aperture. Sigma also makes the 18-35 f/1.8, which has stellar image quality, but it's quite expensive.
I have both 6 and 10 stop ND filters from ICE. For only $30 each, I don't have any complaints. They have a little bit of a color cast, and I lose a *tiny* bit of sharpness, but neither are big issues.
Even looking at nature from a purely utilitarian point of view, there are still often diminishing marginal returns. Look at land use, for example. High plains? Easy and cheap to build on. Floodplains of major rivers? There's going to be a point where it's just not economical to put in the amount of work to stabilize things, if it's even possible at all. For this project, they're looking at spending "north of 300 million dollars" for "nearly 20,000 people". That's a pretty significant economic cost, and they're also looking at draining nearly 70,000 acres of wetlands. All that, and they can't even guarantee that it'll solve the problem.
That makes no sense. By your logic, just because it might not last for some people, no one should get married at all.
You know, it's entirely possible to have an unfinished space without mold.
It's a good thing that the car waiting to turn didn't already have their wheels turned. If they had been, there's a good chance that they would have been launched right into the path of the semi.
If you can't afford a drone, a helium balloon or a tethered glider is an appropriate compromise.
That's some seriously impressive driving by that truck driver. They reacted quickly and didn't over correct in any way. Exactly the sort of person you'd want to see driving a semi.
I just had almost the exact same experience as them, but with another driver. Just goes to show that people are morons regardless of how many wheels they have under them.
He was a moron, but you're insane if you think that someone deserves to die for running a stop sign.
I think that the video pretty well established otherwise
That's some pretty shit logic right there. Plenty of drivers are impatient to the point of recklessness (as illustrated in the video).
What an absolute moron. In their rush to save a few seconds, they: * Lost countless hours between the crash itself, paperwork, and dealing with the repair or replacement of their car. * Potentially spent thousands of dollars. * Could have injured them self, potentially seriously. They're honestly really lucky that they didn't hit that oncoming vehicle, since that would have made things far worse.
Plenty of people seem to forget that right on red requires *both* stopping *and* yielding to oncoming traffic. I've been cut off quite a few times by cars pulling similar moves. One of my favorite moments behind the wheel was when someone did this to me with a cop nearby. I've never been quite so happy to see those lights come on.
Those barricades are incredibly effective, too. [Here in MN, they've proven to be 95% effective in preventing crossovers.](https://www.dot.state.mn.us/trafficeng/reports/cmbarrier.html) &gt;MnDOT has evaluated the performance of cable median barriers and determined that nearly all of the fatal and serious injury cross median crashes have been eliminated where the barrier has been installed.
Gun control was part of the Democratic platform for long before BLM was ever a thing. Quit being a moron.
&gt;Brebeuf receives no financial support from the Archdiocese, but has partnered with it since its founding in 1962. At least in this case, it looks like the school won't have its budget directly impacted over this (although it's hard to say how this will affect enrollment and donations).
It looks like he was wearing a bike helmet, so he might have also had shoes with cleats for clipless pedals. They can be really slippery on stairs sometimes.
You just have to look at them differently and set your expectations accordingly. If you view them as bite sized mozzarella sticks, they're actually pretty decent. It's just that compared to good cheese curds, they're absolutely blown out of the water.
Some people really need to get it through their heads that defensive driving isn't an affront on their ego. Yeah, the turning car was initially in the wrong. But instead of waiting a few seconds more, the cammer now has to lose far more time and deal with the hassle of insurance. Honestly, I hope that both drivers are found to share fault, and both deal with increased insurance rates. At least it was two people very clearly in the wrong here, without anyone innocent caught up in it. I hate seeing a terrible driver ruin someone innocent's day (or worse).
To think that the Dodge Journey still comes with a *four speed*.
Here in MN, at least some UTVs like that are street legal.
And people unironically believe that others hate the US "for our freedom"
Any car is shitty the moment you start making life worse for everyone else.
The cities should even save money, since the cars will plow the snow with their bumpers
It looks kinda like an overstuffed PT Cruiser
Forget quitting while you're ahead, some people clearly need to learn the concept of not digging their hole deeper.
Just an FYI, the compounds which catalytic converters filter tend to impact local air quality more than global. That's not to say that they aren't important (because the introduction of catalytic converters made a massive difference in air quality), but catless cars don't really have a different set of greenhouse gas emissions.
Honestly, even snow and salt don't make it impossible. I live in a small town in Minnesota, and the stop light sensors register my 19 pound aluminum road bike.
Honestly, it probably depends on how much they're willing to invest in the systems. We only have a handful of lights, so it probably wasn't too bad of an investment
This is my biggest fear driving in the winter. My commute is on a pretty curvy back road, and I'm often worried that oncoming drivers are going to take the turns too fast, since people really like to speed there.
Honestly, you can get that without needing to be in a suburb, but it's definitely more limited. I grew up in a small town only 45 minutes away from a large metropolitan area, and I had all of that, without the soul-crushing sprawl of the burbs.
I usually associate suburbs as contiguous with the metro area. My town has a relatively substantial bit of purely rural areas separating it from the metro area. There are around fifteen miles of farmland before you get into what I usually consider the suburbs, where there aren't any significant undeveloped areas separating those towns from the metro.
Hell, even northern Minnesota has a fire season.
My parents are in the final stages of buying a new car. They already have a Subaru and love it, but the fact that the Crosstrek hybrid isn't available in our state means that they're not getting another Subie. Until they start selling hybrids everywhere, this just reads like marketing puff.
The last time I was at Cars &amp; Coffee, I nearly got rear-ended by some jackass who had to lock up the brakes on his shitty Miata, stopping only a few feet back. It's not like I slammed on the brakes suddenly, either. I was just coasting down to a stop light, and Mr. Moron behind me felt the need to tailgate his way to the red.
Remember, red can also mean that it's currently on fire.
While they were early to the game, they weren't first. I believe that Klein hit the market with their welded aluminum frames before Cannondale.
Sounds like a regular Friday night with the boys.
I totally get it. I'm not a ranger, but I was a technician in my college's Natural Lands. Nothing like having to yell at people to not walk under trees that are actively being cut down, or cut through prairies that are being burned.
They know that increased turnout will hurt them. So, instead of changing their platform to appeal to a broader base, they just make it harder to vote.
I did my first metric century on a road bike with flat pedals while wearing a t-shirt and gym shorts. Now I have clipless pedals and a bunch of bib shorts and jerseys. I often recommend them to new riders, but I really couldn't care less whenever someone prefers something nontraditional. Enjoying your rides is all that matters!
Suddenly, Trek decides to copy Cannondale and go with a small logo, rather than labeling the entire downtube.
That tall guy in the second link looks like he's about to snap his seatpost clean off.
Since we're chiming in with additional ones, don't forget the people with the dog on ten foot long extendable leash.
It's incredible to see just how fast they deployed. At most, one or two frames from impact until the airbags were out.
Good thing she had that full-face helmet, or she might be missing a few teeth.
The worrying part about HOAs is that their existence is the only permanent part. Even with a great board, things can change, and there's no real way out.
Not a fun time to be in a convertible!
&gt; . Just about the most eco-friendly thing you can do is to buy an old car and keep it running and in use for as long as possible. It's not necessarily that simple. [The majority of a vehicle's GHG emissions come through operation, not production](https://www.eea.europa.eu/signals/signals-2017/infographics/range-of-life-cycle-co2/view). So, whether a new car is better than an old one depends on a ton of factors, including the models and efficiency of both vehicles, as well as individual driving patterns.
It's important to point out that trans-oceanic shipping is bad for specific pollutants (such as sulfur and NOx), but it's by far the most carbon-efficient way that we have to move goods.
It's definitely not as simple as leather, but cleaning a cloth interior isn't terribly difficult. A simple hot water extractor does a pretty great job of getting out things like coffee spills.
You know, catalytic converters work to reduce non greenhouse gas pollutants (such as NOx). Those pollutants primarily work on a local scale. So, your catless cars are just polluting your neighborhood and city, while cruise ships and Chinese emissions of the same compounds are barely affecting you.
Please take a look at my link. Note that the blue bar includes both production *and* disposal. More efficient, newer vehicles very well can be better for the environment than keeping an old one. Old cars get recycled. In fact, cars are the number one post-consumer recyclable by percentage. [Over 95% of cars removed from the road are recycled each year.](https://www.junkcarmedics.com/automobile-recycling-facts-statistics/)
Well said! I have very mixed feelings about Kids. Lost Boy and America 2 are fantastic, Explorers is good too, but the rest just feels underdeveloped. I heard someone call it "The album that should have been an EP", and I can't help but agree. I'm a huge fan of their musical evolution, though. Even if I don't always like every song, I'm glad that they're willing to try new things.
I can agree with that split, but I'd also add one more category below the bridges. I really dislike Saturday Morning, since it's so jarring, with the bursts of static and short clips of ads. I actually deleted it from my music library, so I never have to listen to it again. That's definitely true about the amount of music on albums in the genre. It's still funny for me to think that Nocturnal is an EP, while Kids is an album. No matter how you cut it, they've put out a ton of fantastic music, and I'm beyond excited for this new album. I saw them live at First Avenue in Minneapolis last fall, and they played Seventeen there. It's an incredible song, and it feels very influenced by Tyler's latest solo album (The Floating Years). I've also seen a few videos of their other songs that they previewed at concerts, and they're universally great. All signs are pointing to a fantastic album here.
It all depends on the type of bike! Road bikes can get well over 100 PSI, but something like a fatbike might run as low as 4 PSI in the snow. Recent trends have been towards larger-volume, lower PSI tires across bikes. Even road bikes are trending towards the 70-90 PSI range.
They only have to cover a tiny sensor, so it's a lot easier to engineer that sort of range and aperture.
Thanks! They're the stock 40c WTB Nanos. Honestly, the tread is a bit more aggressive than I need for the majority of my riding, but it's nice for when I'm riding trails, rather than just gravel.
I have a 2000 Quantum in that exact color. It's such a harsh ride, but I still absolutely love the bike. It's fast as hell and really catches peoples' eyes.
I absolutely hate people who let their dogs do shit like this. I love biking on back roads, and I've had far too many close calls with dogs running out.
It seems like that height would make them perfect for ripping the oil pan off a car trying to enter the bike lane.
I had a chainring bolt do the same thing to me.
[4 people were killed yesterday after a wrong way crash on 35W.](https://www.startribune.com/four-killed-in-wrong-way-crash-on-i-35w/571407282/)
I'll confirm that the 100mm L is fantastic for portraits, so long as you have the space to work with it. [Here's one example that I took.](https://photos.smugmug.com/photos/i-ThvfKBL/0/X5/i-ThvfKBL-X5.jpg)
I found [a page from the EPA](https://www.epa.gov/recycle/managing-reusing-and-recycling-used-oil#:~:text=Recycled%20used%20motor%20oil%20can,materials%20for%20the%20petroleum%20industry.) that has a bit more information. &gt;Recycled used motor oil can be re-refined into new oil, processed into fuel oils, and used as raw materials for the petroleum industry.
It's incredible just how many different things can be recycled, some in some surprisingly different ways.
I know this is quite subjective, and doesn't matter to many, but I also feel like this doesn't look nearly as nice as either of those options. If I'm going to put something in a prominent place on my desk, I'd like it to look good.
That's totally fair! It's nice having a mix of options to chose from in this price range.
Try an air compressor! It should be able to inflate those puppies right back up.
Were you able to get the owners (or their insurance) to cover the damage and your injuries?
Even if you need to drive in oncoming lanes to avoid a parked car, it's your responsibility to yield to oncoming traffic. This shouldn't be a difficult concept.
There are very, very few circumstances which excuse hitting a stationary object. It's every drivers' responsibility to ensure that they are able to avoid potential road hazards.
I get why they specced the crankset, since there aren't a ton of options with that gearing. That said, it's definitely the weakest point. My friend talked his shop into giving him a free GRX crankset and derailleur on his 105, and he hasn't had a single issue.
There was a thread on here just the other day where people were talking about issues with bending the stock chainrings. It happened to me in my first 15 miles, and quite a few other people had similar experiences.
It's similar to how Toyota used their CF experience from the LFA to develop mainstream applications like the carbon hatch for the Prius Prime.
There are some very specific use cases where they're great, but that's a pretty niche thing. I used to work in my college's nature preserve, and we had a couple electric side by sides for work vehicles. While we also had a Tacoma, it wouldn't fit very nicely down all of the trails, so it was great to have something smaller. Of course, like you said, many of the people who buy them would be better off with a more practical vehicle.
Plenty of MTB riders run foam inserts (like CushCore). It just doesn't totally replace the air in the tire.
So many vehicle enthusiasts (car and truck alike) love gatekeeping. It's like they see other people enjoying different things as an attack on what they care about. It's so insecure.
[I'll never forget cracking up over this one that came out after a few high-profile cruise incidents.](https://stmedia.stimg.co/sack021413.jpg?fit=crop&amp;crop=faces)
That sounds like a fantastic way to get fired, or at least ensure that you'll get passed over for promotions and raises.
Let's take a moment to appreciate just how terrible that bike lane is.
Even with clothes all over the floor, it shouldn't be that hard to clear a spot to work.
Was there even anyone in the lane in front of them?
