Here's my attempt &gt;A 36-year-old man was admitted to the intensive care unit with an acute exacerbation of chronic heart failure. Exacerbation: his heart failure got suddenly worse &gt;His medical history included heart failure with an ejection fraction of 20% bioprosthetic aortic-valve replacement for bicuspid aortic stenosis, His heart only pumped out 20% of the blood in it with each beat, a normal ejection fraction is over 55%. They replaced of his valves because it wasn't letting enough blood thru &gt;endovascular stenting of an aortic aneurysm, and placement of a permanent pacemaker for complete heart block. His aorta (the bodies biggest artery which comes directly off the heart) was bulging so they basically put a tube inside of it and sewed to try to get to heal to normal size (I feel like that was confusing. Sorry) his heart had electrical issues so they put in a pacemaker &gt;An Impella ventricular assist device was placed for management of acute heart failure, and a continuous heparin infusion was initiated for systemic anticoagulation. They fed a tube up thru his artery into his heart and temporarily installed a tiny pump to help get blood thru. They also pumped an IV blood thinner to prevent blood clots (being immobile in a hospital and also having foreign shit in your vascular system increase risk of blood clots) &gt;During the next week, the patient had episodes of small-volume hemoptysis, increasing respiratory distress, and increasing use of supplemental oxygen (up to 20 liters delivered through a high-flow nasal cannula). He was coughing up blood and had troublebreathing. 20 liters per minute is a LOT of o2. Patients are normally on 2-5ish, obviously depending on condition &gt;During an extreme bout of coughing, the patient spontaneously expectorated an intact cast of the right bronchial tree. He coughed up a cast of the airways of his right lung. They didn't specify what the cast was but I'm thinking his lung filled up with blood which then clotted and he coughed it up. When a pt is in heart failure the blood can't go thru easily so it backs up into the blood vessels of the lungs and can get forced into the airway &gt;The right bronchial tree consists of three segmental branches in the upper lobe (blue arrows), two segmental branches in the middle lobe (white arrows), and five segmental branches in the lower lobe (black arrows). The patient’s trachea was subsequently intubated, and flexible bronchoscopy revealed a small amount of blood in the basilar branches of the right lower lobe. They put a tube down his throat and then shoved a camera in it, the camera found blood in the bottom of his right lung &gt;The patient was extubated 2 days later and had no further episodes of hemoptysis. One week after extubation, he died from complications of heart failure (volume overload and poor cardiac output) despite placement of the ventricular assist device. They took the tube out 2 days later and he didn't cough up anymore blood. He died from having too much fluid volume and his heart not pumping well enough
The worst that could happen is I don't have fun and go home.
Height/weight?
What is a wet compound?
Can you link to them? I really haven't seen anything substantial
I will but not right now
Oh man I dunno I only do like 85ish lb
Not OP but student loans and savings. Working on my RN at the community college and I've only borrowed 6k. Granted I had enough savings to live thru first semester
Lions by doomriders Hands down
Yes. The only things I would really change are starting nursing school at 18 instead of 27. I don't regret my path getting here and trying out different career paths, but It would be nice to be financially stable by this time and I would still have the memory and experience of the different jobs I've held
Looking hot
And of course they just repaved skyline/ina/sunrise on that stretch. Which was a perfectly fine road
That's what I'm thinking too
I'm the same. 6 eggs is a decent meal but doesn't nearly fill me up
I've had that before. Lasted like 2 months whenever I would strain myself hard. Totally fucked with my training
I got a big neck. Not all its cracked up to be, especially with no jaw line. I'm a thumb (not quite but still)
It was mostly "how not to workout like a bodybuilder" other than calves all he really said was that 1 body part a day is silly
Agreed 100%. Like 2 minutes after she walked on stage by girlfriend Turned to me and said "that girl is my new favorite person"
Goddamn. Slavery?
That's actually pretty interesting
How tall are you?
Holy shit I just looked her up and I'm not about the whole "muscles make women look like men" but goddamn she probably the only defining thing to make her feminine is her genitals. But serious question. Are you autistic?
I'm gonna deck your halls bub
Never heard of her so I looked her up. She's one of those people who's so attractive its unfair
There's 2 guys who I've been seeing at my gym for a couple years and just now realized they're not the same guy since they're both here
Prevention, not treatment
Just be broke like me. Nobody asks me for shit
As far as I know these guys aren't related. They just have the same description
https://i.imgur.com/ucjZV4t.jpg Top post on /r/moped
I never get bitched at and also never donate
I *really* don't know how I stayed so consistent for the last 9ish years. I never really wanted to workout very much but one day I asked a buddy to hangout and he said sure but he was going to the gym and I was welcome to join. I went like twice more with him and signed up. The only time I've ever been more than a week and a half between workouts was on 2 vacations
84?
I did that a little just now then got the most sickening arm pump
Honestly you're almost a goal physique to me. I don't want to be strict enough to be shredded and don't have any plans to compete. What are you doing for shoulders?
I got a bunch of those fittings too. Looked into prices and they were great.. a year and a half later I haven't been able to sell a single one
Which is funny, because I live near the border especially first generation Mexican immigrants work harder than anyone else I know
Ooookay. I think the first part is kind of acceptable (imo not much different than saying "you look better with your hair down" or something) but requesting you wear contacts. What the fuck
Uh no. I'm not some SJW but a manager saying "you should wear contacts because *I* think it looks better" is pretty shitty of him. Sure she could've said no but that's a pretty good indicator of his personality. Although neither of us were there and I dont know what is wording/tone of voice were, maybe it
I really don't find this very insulting
I dont know if you're talking about boobs or dicks but either way
As a dude who's is pretty good shape I feel your pain:( button ups are either bursting at the top or like a dress around my waist
Personally? No I dont think it would be weird at all. Sometimes I really want to give unsolicited advice but I never do cuz I feel like it comes across as douchie somehow
Q-tip then blow
I live in a decently urban place. Never get honked at cuz I pay attention
That's an advanced method
The jaw is underdeveloped. Not like it's normal size and extends into her trachea
Ok
Oh shit oh shit 11 minutes in better make the most of it Dont shit your pants while squatting
Just looked it up.. I always thought that song was beyonce
Yeah and energy is coming into the jar via the sun
Elementary/middle school homie. Early 2000s. There's a good mobile version out
I dunno how old that game is but pocket tanks was around in early 2000s. Maybe even 90s
True:/ up until this I didn't really care one way or another about Kevin hart
Good thing doctors and nurses dont do that... oh wait
Goddamn that show was perfect
The higher you are the farther you can fall
I couldn't give you a source but its kind of a known fact that early BBrs didn't train chest. Just look at the dude OP posted. The chest isn't really much of a functional muscle and I think bodybuilding stemmed from strongman stuff. The bench press wasn't even invented until the 1900s.
My gf and I had kind of a debate about that. But then she said Jason momoa was also more attractive than Henry cavill
Killer hardscape!
My GF is pretty much perfect.. but im crushing on this girl in my clinical group for nursing school. Shes super fun and looks like a young Salma hayek
True. Especially if you're lifting for girls. Once your shirts off your probably already on the train to pound town
I'm no expert but I'm a nursing student. Drugs taken orally are all absorbed in the gut and have to go thru the liver before circulating thru the bloodstream. 50% of a drug is metabolized in the liver. An IV drug goes straight into the systemic circulation and can travel to its target tissue without ever going to the liver
I wish they listed what his electrolyte levels were. And also what they meant by "his lungs went into shock". What the fuck?
Wiping someone else's ass/most other gross shit nursrs have to do. It really isn't that bad
&gt;wasn't bright enough to make up some bogus excuse. This reminds me of something. I worked as a cable tech for about 6 months and it was common for us to ask for help or tools/equipment from other techs. I was done for the day but this one tech was having trouble on a job near my house. He asked if anyone could bring their meter to double check signal cuz he wasn't getting any internet (the meters were never wront). He was kinda new and I was newly trained but I figured im a decent problem solver. I'd go help him out.. turns out he was misreading the Wifi password on the router. Kinda goofy but shit happens.. when we (I) figured it out, he told the customer. There were so many other things he could've told him that wouldn't make him seem so incompetent.
You're replying to a different story
What was the end result?
He stopped talking to you?? Wtf
This is amazing. How did you make it?
Sorry to hear that
Trying not to workout while I have r this cold but its killing me and making me feel like a lazy piece of shit
Yep. Cant decide if I'm too fat or too skinny
The best dick compliment you can get is "ouch, too deep"
I'm also in healthcare. If it's a long term or frequent patient I can definitely grow a little closer to the patient. He didn't specify what he meant by bonding.. I'm imagining just being more talkative with her. I'm doubting hes giving her kisses or inviting Do you think he would have ( not should have) been fired if he were a female?
Male nursing student here: nursing students are freaks and going out drinking with them makes me wish I was single sometimes.
Missed you guys in pheonix last week. Super bummed
I know the plate says California but it this in tucson? Edit:.. forgot the check what sub I was on....
I'm in the same boat as you but people seem to jump all over anyone who's slightly skeptical and says mewing is the magic bullet cure for everything because cavemen did it. I'm not saying it isn't a good thing to do, just that I've seen no real proof that it improves an adult's face
Please explain I feel dumb
My girlfriend hit me with "I dont wanna get too muscular" So I explain "look at me. I'm muscular but nothing crazy. I workout 4-7 days a week for almost the last 10 years and eat a shitload of food. Even if you did that, you dont have the hormones I have to build muscle. Women who are smaller than I am work damn hard to get muscular, not to mention some are on steroids "
Haha oh man I just commented pretty much the exact same thing as you only more wordy
Eh. I wouldn't blame the guy. Op has the right to refuse treatment (as long as shes alert and oriented) even though it was very stupid of her to do so
So if you're so sure, then what actually happened to make you sick?
Ookaayguurrl
He's talking about 5'8" but still its dependent on the person? You can be 200lb of muscle or 200lb of shit
I'd call it much less than 98%. I'm technically overweight but I'm in good shape and it's (mostly) muscle. A lazy peice of shit 20lb lighter than me is no better off
Per lb or per kg?
I'm not an elite athlete or anything. But all my labs were good on my last checkup. I'm technically overweight like I said but I have almost abs (they show when I flex). IMO BMI is really only useful at the extreme ends of it
Painful? Depends. Is it girthy or just like a 30 foot snake? (Someone do the math?)
It suppose. It doesnt happen naturally though
Thank you
Nah man. I just load up on mcdoubles.
Also how the fuck do we know anything about it? We seem to be so sure of the composition of the other planets and every once in while they'll announce discovery of a new earth like planet a few light years away or whatever but how do they know its earth like? What can they really observe from such a distance?
What are some good about workouts to work on my belly? Stop drinking a gallon of soda a day Well I'm not going to do that. What exercises can I do?
Man I dont even have a patchy beard. I can grow a "shaggy from scooby doo". I've been growing my "moustache " for like 3 months now but I'm super blonde. The ends of it are like normal facial hair that's maybe half an inch long but pretty light and the middle is literal peach fuzz. BUT DAMMIT I'M NOT GIVING UP YET
Why the fuck did they do that? Some doctors are just wacky and fuck. At least as a nurse I *have* to go by what's ordered and cant prescribe doses willy nilly
"My bones feel more solid when I get angry "
Good look boys and girls
I used to be a cable tech. I feel your pain
Yep 6 ft tall white dude with a dick that has never been called "not too big" or anything like that.
I mean on the whole it isnt used much in manual labor/survival type situations (which I understand isnt the point or body building). Not that it doesn't have its uses. It just isn't a practical muscoento develop (frok a strength perspective) for most people. And I understand that most muscles aren't used by most people in their daily lives to any real extent
I disagree (and crushed by an object was part of my orinlginal comment) but that's totally ok
[Whatsup with his right arm?](https://goo.gl/images/YrPDYj)
Really? I feel like that always gets a laugh
This reminds me: I have a sister ten years younger who has downs and my mom has a friend who has a child with autism. Apparently she was telling my mom that she thinks it wouldve been easier in some eay if her son had downs just because people should expect him go act differently just after looking at him. When you see my sister you can tell she has downs (also shes fucking tiny. About to be 18 but looks more like 12-13) and try to treat her appropriately but approaching this other guy youd treat him like you would anyone else(hes in his 20s) and then people dont understand why he reacts in ways they deem inappropriate
My nephew told me a good version of this one just a couple hours ago. "Why didnt the dog cross the road? Because he was allergic to the bone people"
No but a buggy or horse could stomp a chicken to Death
Nah uh you're wrong /s
FUCK that was the one movie i watch every christmad sesson and i didnt get a chance
I love reading all these comments before clicking the picture
Does nobody else think this was a joke?
Probably confusing that with the thing (which i cant torslly remember right now) where if a mother is rh+ and the fetus (after the first one) is rh- the mothers body will create antibodies against the fetus so they have to take some drug
Probably confusing that with RH compatability (the "plus' or "minor l minus" part of blood typing) where if a mother is rh+ and the fetus (after the first one) is rh- the mothers body will create antibodies against the fetus so they have to take some drug. I may be stlightly off on the details but its something like that
Oh no
How did it go?
Doomriders. Not a huge fan of grand blood but their other 2 albums are dope. Check the song "ride or die" Disclaimer: not a metal head and dont really know what constitutes "heavy metal"
Goddamn that was a fun program.
Bronkaid
Haha definitely not me. I cant even do a selfie let alone gym pictures
Thought you said 14 years old and was a little confused
I'm mostly a banjo/guitar player but i do have a uke and mess around with it. Ive found myself playing clawhammer on it, which is my main style on banjo, but didnt know it was a thing. Do you know of ant examples of cool clawhammer ukelele playing?
I agree with this so damn much. I think college is pushed too hard on kids these days so everyone goes with no real end goal. Theres a shortage of tradesmen
Was trying for a 260 bench but almost failes 245 so i left it, which is still more than ive benched in a long time. Stlightly disappointed in myself but i droppee to 135 and got a set of 18 and have the nastiest chest pump
Why not your dick? My gf is amazing but i miss the thrill of tinder sometimes
My receptors are fucked. After this tub of c4 runs out im gonna go at least 2 weeks without pwo.. hopefully no caffeine at all but i doubt it
Lol you make me feel good about myself. 250bench 375(or 385?) DL and 265 max squat
What the fuck
When i squat heavt i have this bad habit of pulling down on the bar with my arms as I'm coming up, making it feel way heavier on my shoulders
Is it really "not even comparable?" Google says an orange's (results on clementines requried more digging and i figured they gotta be close) sugar is 50% sucrose, 27% fructose and 23% glucose. [While this source says "The main sugars in milk and dark chocolate are sucrose, glucose and fructose with milk chocolate also containing lactose derived from the milk used during production."]( http://laboratorytalk.com/article/308173/analysis-of-sugars-in-chocolat) I understand that fruit has vitamins that chocolate doesnt, but the sugar is pretty much the same.
True mexicans do whatever the fuck they want to
Sm00000thies
Haha i use those in cooking. It mixes into things well, doesnt change the taste much and makes it healthier
I try to do that but focus on trying to pull my eblows together, not lat pulldown the bar
Exactly. I mean it breaks most things into glucose but that process takes longer than just dumping glucose in your belly
Did you even read that article? All it said in regards to sugar is that fructose "isnt much use to the body". Whatever the hell that means. There were no real facts in that article at all. Not to mention your original comment literally *only* said that the sugar is a different type. I definitely agree that fruit is healthier than a kit kat due to the other stuff in fruit. But you didn't say any of that. Glucose is glucose. Your body, especially your brain, run on it although your body can break down other things (including fructose) into glucose
What I really mean is: Anyone can eat whatever they want without making them less of something
Daddy needs that pressure
Oh God i have to do this to my brother
It blows me away how good we are at it. Playing disc golf earlier and just the thought that someone can score a hole in one is baffling. Like how many calculations and how much muscle control do you need to throw a piece of plastic, which had a curved flight path, like 300 feet into a 2 or 3 foot wide basket?
You don't spill beer on a violin
I need some help boys. Pulling 405 has been a goal for me for longer than id like to admit. Currently running 531. Just tried my fucking damnest to pull 370 and couldn't get the bar more than 2 inches off the ground. I think i need to switch uo my programming. Any reccomendations?
You have risk *and another game* on the agenda? Havent played risk in a long time but doesnt it take hours? Also: risk 2010AD and risk:godstorm are both pretty tight although i think 2010 is better
Mixed grip. It isnt my failing point but i did notice after pulling like fuck to try to get it up that my shoulder area on my underhand side felt kinda strained
I dont know mich about peds and you seem knowledgable.. but when talking about t3 are you talking about thyroid hormone? Never realized folks used it in this capacity. Edit: appears so
I agree with the other guy 100%. Keep doing what youre doing. PEDs once you hit your genetic potential
Poked thru your post history a little. you know the saying "fitness isnt a sprint, its a marathon"? Well its fucking true. Make *sustainable* adjustments and quit trying to take shortcuts, how many people have to tell you not to do PEDs?? You've lost 20kg, that's awesome just keep it going
Look at this kids post history, he had mo business taking anything
I really want a jimny. Fucking US. Thinking of looking tl whats needed to bring one from mexico
Damn its crazy to think that now i get all the music i want to listen to for $10 a month from spotify. Sure its limited but so is the selection in a store. And i know it isnt great for the artist but ive spent hundreds of dollars at concerts i would've never even known about without spotify
That was way more ridiculous than i imagined it would be. I love pictures of him in his cop uniform. It doesn't even seem real, its like an action cartoons version of a cop
If i posted a picture of myself id get a "shit on me Sunday was yesterday" type response
Holy fuck
And hes supposed to be sexy? Granted the face and tattoos probably help
Fuck. I'm so sorry. My inbox is open if you need to vent or anything
I honestly love sioping pickle j00se
Peanut butter and pickle sandwich is the shit. Try it
Damn that's quite the drop. How tall are you?
Ooh big boi
Idiot fucking kid couldve at least sold lemonade
He said ten days in a row twice a year
Happened to me once a few years ago. Bar didnt drop on me but i got stuck. Looked around to see if anyone was making eye contact so i could head nod them over to me. Nobody did so i rolled it off. I think it was 205. Then i took the 35s off each side so i could rack the bar. As i was doing so i became unbalanced, one side dipped and dropped the plate which then caused the bar to fling the other way and drop the other plate. I reracked my shit and left
Agreed. They're playing video games
Why?
4.42 on xbox
Also look at his history. He has no need for PEDs
Ephedrine and caffeine
I'm in nursing schoolm For most nurses it isnt part of their job so they dont learn it. Nursing school basically just teaches you what you need to do to work
I was actuslly just thinking this like 30 minutes ago after starting at my corn plant and remembering how small a kernel is
I thought of this the first time i saw Dutch. "Come on, just one more score and were done."
I agree 100%with everything you said. Dr mew is in fact a doctor and homeboy is just some handsome jackass. Even if mewing doesnt have the results that people claim. You haven't lost anything by practicing proper posture.. but smashing the bones on your face is just insane
I'm scared that when i stop cutting itll all come right back
We dont fuck with stone over here
Thats what i meant. Just started the epilogue. I mean obviously i saw it coming, but goddamn, what a story
Yeah i just finished the main story. Never thought a video game could bum me out like that
: &gt; &gt;*Dialogue Options*: This feature was one of the best new aspects of RDR2 and is a great innovation to open world games. I have no doubt Rockstar will continue to implement and improve on it. Perhaps adding more options or greater freedom and opportunities. Its definitely a great aspect and one that gtavi should implement, But i dont see it as an innovation to open world games. &gt;*Overall Depth and Quality of Life*: By far the greatest strength of RDR2 is it’s sheer amount of detail and the sheer scope of the world. Seeing this amount of depth in a GTA game could drastically change the style of the game and perhaps give the series a new direction. However i doubt it would be as deliberately slow paced as RDR2. I think adding dialogue options and fleshing out npcs would do wonders for the depth of the game but a big part of rdr2s depth is hunting and crafting which obviously doesnt fit with gta &gt;*The Gang System*: Arguably the main pillar of RDR2’s story, Dutch’s gang act as a driving force for the story and are basically fully developed NPC’s in the world which makes it feel like they actually exist. For a GTA game. a gang system who clearly work on many levels however my wish would be that its not so tied up with every aspect of the game generally speaking. The obvious change for me would be making our character the leader of the gang and introducing a tonne of mechanics to maintain and grow your criminal enterprise. &gt;*Periodic Setting*: Technically this isn’t a gameplay element but more of just the premise of the game. I’m obviously preaching to the choir when i say that GTA would benefit ALOT from setting a game in the 70’s or 80’s. Not only is it the best time to cash in on nostalgia, but it would also give the game an overall vibe and aesthetic which would be crafted by Rockstar. Plus. don’t even get me started on the soundtrack possibilities. Vice city was 80s and super great, another periodic game would be dope. &gt;*Combat*: RDR2’s combat brought some great improvements such as gore/dismemberment and physics but overall it was really lacking. I know that everything in this game is purposefully slow but in a western game i don’t think it translates very well at times. However when it works, it works beautifully. I would just like to see a bit of a smoother combat system akin to Max Payne 3 Agreed
Yeah id say so. Theres 6 chapters and an epilogue so i just finished chapter 6. I'm not one who gets emotional watching movies or anything but goddamn
I figured
I've never done "real" drugs but that song,especially that line, gets me every time. Although imo the solo version is *so* much better than the ramshackle glory version.
That was ny favorite video for a while
I followed something like this for a whike and liked it https://i.imgur.com/gzC3dKt.jpg
Yeah what the fuck kind of nursing is she doing?
Yeah I'm beyond stoked to hopefully make that much money (finishing my RN in december)
In addition to what everyone else has said i reccomend encouraging everyone to think a turn ahead and be ready with your initiative when the previous turn ends. Obviously things might happen that could screw up your plans but most of the time i can figure out my next turn as soon as mine ends
I have :(
If i can't hold every world record then why try?
Yeah but they can also get pissed and set you on fire
My GF lost her sense of smell around age 10 but now 13 years later its randomly coming back
Exactly what i was thinking haha
Thank you
Just measured my arms for the first time. A cunt hair over 15". I have no idea what to do with that information and i have no frame of reference to know whats big and what isnt. Edit: without a pump if it matters
Das it mang
Fucking what?? Also deadlifts are probably the most "functional" lift you can do (squats and ohp are up there too) i literally can't think if a single time ive ever needed to bench something. Maybe this dude constantly has dressers fallint on top of him
Hell yeah. Gonna try to start my days with a little mediation
Word
Luckily(?) My wrists are tiny as fuck
one for battle goals too. If you dont like your options you put them back and get a 3rd but you have to take that one
Interesting. How much would you say that messes with the difficulty?
As a two minis i think ill pass on that one
Starting back on jacked n tan 2.0 today. Pretty stoked
Exact word I used when describing it to my GF
"...'just happened' to launch The Mountain Goats into the folk punk stratosphere (which, to be fair, is located like 6 feet off the ground)" Sounds about right
Also those tires look too damn big for that engine
Yeah we don't want to break the game and i feel like many house rules do: controlling summons, summons looting, using elements the sane turn, etc.
Cuz theres girls who have "i want a guy with a dad bod" in their profile, which is totsl bullshit
Del owes me $10
My new favorite and also least favorite term for when a girl gets horny is "frothing at the gash"
He mentioned longbow
Your post history looks like you're in pheonix. Tucson has plenty of farmers markets and I'm sure pheonix does too. They probably dont have *everything* you need but you can get plenty of veggies and theyre pretty fun. Congrats on the sobriety
😋
Anteater vs ant
I'm not at ALL advocating anything and i know he was extremely lucky but my brothers life was probably saved by not wearing his seatbelt(he used to be an idiot. Still is to a lesser extent) but his truck was tboned. It flipped and he was thrown out. It caught on fire and burnt to a crisp
We went on name or maybe even just the symbols i think
I also have a german shepherd lab mix and its just the best breed combo
I'm no expert but i think they all look great. How do you do the bases? Jus5 glue and dirt?
Nah. Heard it secondhand
Clubwaka.com its adult beer league sports ( i play kickball), made plenty of friends thru there. More of a drinking team than anything
Sixixninine
Your classmates are idiots who dont deserve to go on. You can tell them EDIT: this will probably be a great answer for an interview question some day.
Shingo yamamoto i think?
Adam sessler?
Oh that sucks. I'd love to see 20 sets per week split into 2 days
10ish years into it. Dont know shit but 8 years ago I thought I knew everything
I feel like I know that guy. Not really but i know a guy who would definitely do that
I would've put it in a seat cushion or something, either for myself or him to find. Edit: not the person I meant to reply to but whatevz
Eminem= m and m= m.m.= marshall mathers
Oh yeah.. then just leave it for him to find and dont say shit? Dunno
I'm not sure but honestly it could be. Not sure on his height but im 6ft and hes quite a bit taller than me
K.S.?
Ok. Nobody said there isnt a big change. He only pointed out that the first picture was slightly distorted.
Exactly what i use. Works pretty well for me
Synthol.. some guy named i think big eddie pumped his hog full of synthol and its huge, but also not functional. Google it (or dont)
Getting my RN/associates right now, ill graduate Mayybe 10k in debt. Then a hospital will pay for my bachelors. I dont understand getting a masters in something like English
Thank you for the tip. Do you not have to worry about the skin tone running into the eyes? And would you still paint the eyea first on something like a craigheart if you wanted them to look like theyre glowing?
I *really* like that idea. Although do you always want to wing suit when falling? Sometimes you just wanna get to thr ground
&gt; it needs to be twice the distance as a full length pathfinder zip line. Just curious why you say that? Pathfinder zipline is only point A to point B where a balloon would be point A to anywhere within range although it would take a little longer.
Honestly it doesn't seem like it would be OP to me, zipline is probably better
Ooh. Good ides
I usually just spraypaint the outside of the aquarium and it always turns out nicely
Man crush monday
I'd like to actually see a poll and see if that's true
Just moved. Finally got a job which is great in general but now i can afford to switch to a gym closer to my house
Goal: 215lb of pure fuck force
Woaahh I'm about the same as you. Got a new place this weekend. Got a new job today and tomorrow im gonna check out a new gym cuz my old one is too far from my new house
Maybe theyre actively doing some procedure and asking if it hurts?
Thanks doctor
Not a professional but my guess would be a dream? Unless you stopped breathing before the rapid breathing . Apnea is when you dont breath
Nah, you're being a dick
Jump half a second later. The timing is a little tricky, it's not right as it connects
What light?
Is 4 exercises kinda the "norm"? I mean i guess it depends on which exercises but that seems a little low to me
Oh ok duh. Thanks
Username and picture dont match. Sick shot, that im AZ?
It probably wasnt worht it. But the game was free and i wanted to support the devs
You probably need more help than i can offer but try taking less melatonin maybe? I have 3mg tabs and they sometimes fuck with me so i cut them in half
My brother is a skinnyboi but when he came back from thr army he had monster calves from rucking
"People like this" based on what evidence?
My brothers calves (and only his calves) got massive when he came back from the army l. A fuck ton of rucking will do wonders
More interested in them juicy quads youve got
I have a friend who was dumped on his birthday 2 years in a row by the same girl
"Your jumpmaster needs some mental help" so goddamn true. I hate dropping there and dont know why people do it so often. Absolutelty love the pit though
Probably should've studied magic then
Maybe not a "real breakfast" but every morning i drink a smoothie which is just a handful of whatever frozen fruit and 2 scoops of whey
Who do you think is the worst class?
I absolutely loved my mindthief. I was only level5 and right when I hit that last check on my personal quest I realized I didn't want to retire and i was bummed. Then i opened the newly unclocked class and all that shit went away.
Cool thanks for the write up. Ive only played mindthief and am 3 or 4 scenarios deep with two minis. Interesting that you put him in your top but im only level 3. I like hin and hes definitely strong but it seems like hes kindof a no brainer to play &gt;!using a bear build, i had one tricky scenario, dont remember what number, where enemiea kept spawning in room 1 where I was!&lt; but like i said i havent had much experience with him
Another thing about tucson is that the nice places are nice and the bad places arent and theres very clear distinction bwetween them
I dont know what My issue is but ive been feeling lightheaded and weak at the gym after a few heavy sets. It would be really cool if that could stop
No signs of internal bleeding, stoold have been normal. etc. I'm gonna try eating a bigger/saltier breakfast and see if that helps. Also no new meds or any changes
No booze last night, had 3 beers Saturday. Gonna try more morning salt though
I'll do the same &gt;!the swap cards are pretty cool, i used them to great effect on a boss scenario recently. But they do seem pretty situational and probably wont be part of my core deck, I do like the damage the bear can do and also it adds a somewhat different element to the game to try and predicr the AI movement to keep the bear on the right track and not getting killed.!&lt; &gt;!I know it seems like I somewhat flipped on what I said in the previous comment but I guess I'm still used to the mindthief who has unique combos which seem more versatile than "conentrated rage for my top action. Attack bottom".!&lt; &gt;!There's a craigheart in my party and he does seem super fun. Dude always does tons of damage!&lt;
Yeah im trying to, and its not even immediately after the sets. I stay that way for probably a half hour after
&gt;Music has intrinsic value that one cannot gain from other mediums. I mean, if it didn't, we'd have WAY more art/literature/athletes/other hobbies and no music. While I'd say I mostly agree with this, thats a pretty bold claim.
He says we'd have no music if other forms of art resonated the same way. Then how do we still have movies, books, etc
I maintain my theory that saudi Arabia exists in a cartoon dimension
My friends always say I should use one for my sleeping bag but i feel like i can use more space but having everything squish together then use my whole bag as a compression sack
Lol i need to do the same . Probably a telescoping one so itll still fit im my cook set
I dont think telling new hikers to not bring as much stuff as they think they need (i know thats not exactly what youre saying) is a very safe thing to do. Thats how you get someone trying to traverse a mountain with a pack of skittles. Personally, the first time I went backpacking. I was not nearly prepared enough and it kinda sucked. People shared food with me cuz i didnt bring enough. I didnt wanna risk thst again so i started bringint too much shit. Now im pretty happy with the anount of shit i bring. I overpack on snacks but I'd much rather be able to pigout on the trail and not have to worry about being hungry than save a little weight. Plus on the last stretch im full of energy and my pack is lighter
Not sure if you're joking and I'm a victim of /r/woosh, but post mortem refers to after death
Oh cool, thanks for the info
Oh cool, thanks for the info.
Oh cool, thanks for the info.
Thanks. Ill try that tomorrow
Those gifs never work for me for whatever reason, it flashes one pic for like .001 second over the other
Thats what I was thinking. "From *that*?" theres nothing wrong with it but it isnt super remarkable either
Personally i think myfitnesspal is the easiest one. Super simple especially if you eat the same stuff most days. Which reminds me I gotta start tracking my shit again
I agree 100%. I go shirtless often enough but wouldnt even wear a stringer to the gym unless maybe i gained like 25-30lb
You joke but i once saw a dude pounding off in the steamroom at like 1am. I told the front desk guy on my way out and ive never seen someone look more flustered
Isnt there a superhero who does that?
Picture made me grab my water bottle
Has anyone made good gains on sarms?
Seriously. Dude eats 2 meals and trains 8 times per week. that's fucking dedication
Lol someone literally asked for a recommendation.
I can guarantee your back is still doing some work. I doubt you can completely curl your bodyweight
Buy a bigger house bozo
Man i feel you:( been using minox for almost 2 years now (ive been inconsistent a few times) and havent seen much progress. I really just want a real moustache cuz I know an actual beard is out of the question but what little bit that does grow is pretty blonde like my head hair while my goattee is almost black . I'm nearing 30 too so I think I'm pretty much maxed out
Bradley cooper lookin motherfucker
Use a comma or two.
Road event effect =/= scenario effect
You didn't tell her you were going?
Same. I think I can do it, started nsuns recently and it's great. Right now I'm around 255 bench,275 squat and 380ish deadlift although I haven't tested any maxes in a while
Woah i wanna see without the bikini top
Eh shit happens. Is she a jealous type?
Read the FAQ. Alternatively /r/fitness
Do you have a source on that? Other than being "sharper than *everyone* who drinks"? I know it's a real thing that affects alcoholics
I guess it depends on the process? There's epigenetics at play and I'm not going to pretend to be smart enough to figure how that factors in
Yep. 2 minutes to make, hardly any clean up
Not even lifting but just in general. People don't appreciate their health until they don't be have it
Hell no brother
Az
I should've brought my yo to work..sick trick and dope house
That was awesome!I need to learn some more relaxing stuff like that. Thanks for posting the tab
Hell no brother:(
My gf doesn't graduate until May but that might be a possibility that I haven't considered yet. At least I have a hospital job lined up but I was really hoping my preceptorship would turn into a job. Unfortunately it was night shift so I don't even know who the manager is. My mom's friend did offer me a Per diem position at an agency that mostly does and/rehab/home care stuff. As much as I dont want that kind of job, the pay is ridiculous and I could work whenever I want.
Reminder to self to never go to the gym around 5pm again. Everything I wanna use is taken so it looks like a random arm workout kind of night. Also last night I was helping a coworker transfer this patient who's a wacky old lady with dementia. I walk in behind my coworker and the patient says " oh lordy you brought the muscle man" we set her on the commode and walk back in a few minutes later to get her off, she probably doesn't remember me. As I'm lifting her up she knocks on my bicep with her knuckles and says "wow what is this? I don't want to get in a fight with this guy." Made my night
My gym used to have one:(
Are you fucking kidding me
That's fucking insane
Bad bot
That's what I was thinking,he has the other ingredients for Excedrin already in there
[Not really](https://www.health.harvard.edu/staying-healthy/drug-expiration-dates-do-they-mean-anything) plus none of these are going to be life saving drugs. Its fine
Oh you're right. My mistake
"but that should be enough to get on your level"?? Fucking kidding me
Holy shit man..are you happy?
To be honest I probably won't end up lifting with you but what gym?
Sounds good! I've been working on "when I went down to Georgia' and "oh dear brother"
This kid next to me is benching with a 45 on one side and the other has a 10 and a 5 with no clips. The 5 is slipping off, normally I'd help a brother out in situation like this, but this is just too damn stupid and he needs to learn his lesson. Plus I don't think he'll hurt himself, just his ego.
He didn't drop the weight surprisingly but went on to do DB press on a balance ball
I can't even name any social media other than Snapchat, Instagram and facebook
Yoyoing. Got one a few months ago and damn it's fun
Is anyone other than a physician qualified to use the medical kit?
Finally! A good use for my soda stream it which I always pack
I was getting up to unrack my 145lb cgbp and this dude comes up and goes "hey man cool if I do a set of this and you spot me?" I say sure, on his 4th rep he says "ok now start helping me , gonna go 8". And I that's the story of how I did a 5 rep set of rows with a guy under me
The fuck is a corn cake?
Fuck man this makes me feel so fortunate, I've had roughly the same friend group since *elementary* school. I don't have much of a problem getting along with people and making "friends' but I know it's almost guaranteed I will never create bonds as strong as the ones I have. I want to move away, and most of my friends already have, but if I do I'm afraid of not having friends
Ah. I don't think I've ever seen those but it sounds good
Right now your comment is 17 hours old and it was throwing me off
Hell no brother
I was thinking human shrek
I dunno but save some handsome for the rest of us
Hold up. I'm a level 6 mind thief, how the hell are you leveling up every other scenario?
That's what I did in my last campaign ( didn't get level 9 though), before the owner of the game moved away and I got my own copy. I really liked 2 minis and wish I could've played more with it, my need unlock is saw
So mindthief is the only starting character I've played but it doesn't seem complicated to manage at least compared to craigheart and maybe spellweaver. Imo it feels mostly straightforward
Also stubs,which is mostly what I do. I never carry invisibility (and all our cloaks are taken) and almost never use mind control. I rely on stuns and hitting enemies hard enough to kill them
Is it really weaker than scoundrel? I've never played scoundrel but feel like I do great damage
I do about the same running nsuns
I love lifting alone
Poor lady:/ Edit: for probably having anorexia or bulimia, not for being kicked out
Sure. But apex is a video game, not an accurate protrayal of medicine
Yo what
Octaine, meh. But Pathfinder yes. His ability to flank or even just escape is ridiculous
Are those going to survive?
BOYS! Just accepted an offer as a trauma PCU nurse. Mad stoked. Also my numbers have been going up lately
Yeahh but I'll take that over super cold any fucking day
Oh jeez
If I was a powerlifter I'd see how ridiculous I could get with the food
Delete this
Hopefully one day I'll be a fellow jacked murse
Oh damn. I had the box for my pixel sitting around til like 3 weeks ago when I decided to toss it. Lol the shit that gets downvoted
Praise the cameraman
How big is this thing?
What is a yard sale group? Sounds dope
My lower back is always destroyed for a few days after doing heavy deads. I don't know if it's a nagging injury or just gnarly doms:( any advice?
Oh man I just posted a relatable question. What kind of fix did they prescribe? I deadlifted 3 days ago and I'm supposed to squat today but honestly I'm not sure if I can/should
That's what I think although I focus really hard on it
Yeah I think I'm just trying to explain it away
Oh man I know the guy who created this. Stoked to see it blowing up
Went to urgent Care and I have a corneal abrasion. The NP told me not to go to work tonight and just focus on resting while the antibiotics do their thing. I feel like a baby for calling off when the rest of me feels healthy but also this fucking hurts, especially when I look at a light
Looking absolutely Oscar award'd
My friend's wife is the epitome of this. Well be camping " (husband) where's the dog? I don't see him go find him!"
The pain last night got so bad. I went to the bathroom keeping my left (affected eye) closed and even the night light hitting my right eye caused enough pain that I had to cover both my eyes and unplug it. This is the 2nd time I've had this (first was a full on ulcer) and the same thing where by morning time it feels much better. I'm so glad I called out
Interesting to see a serious reply
Kinda like a regular guy trying to shove down another regular guy
What is this script everyone's talking about?
Is hormone testing part of routine blood tests? I currently don't have a PCP so I don't get regular checkups. How do you go about getting your hormones tested?
Awesome thanks
I don't have much experience with enhancments but can you add poison?
My workouts have been fucking great these last few weeks, I'm going on vacation next month, and in May. Starting a new job in March and the other night while at the bar my brother told me like 3 times that I better marry my GF. Let's see what fucks up this streak.
Thanks man! Gonna go try to hit an ohp PR
New goal: meet Big Ramy and out angle him at 6ft 180lb
Holy fuck. Also good on you for quitting something that wasn't for you. I've worked with a couple (and thankfully only a couple) of nurses who weren't into it and it kinda sucks for everyone
Had two old hookups/flings (like 3 and 7 years ago) randomly Snapchat me a bra selfy and a "getting ready for yoga" video including focusing on her ass. Where was this when I was single?
I think youre onto something. I never post shit on social media but my stepmom posted some pictures where I'm in a tank top at her house the other day so maybe that had something to do with one of them. The other one was sent to me before that tho
Can I have your house?
I feel you but is it that much different than the current challenges?
If potions were one time use but easier to get ahold of it may help deter some of the loss aversion. Maybe you can brew a bunch but only take a limited amount on a scenario. If you have 5 more Stamina potions at home you migt be more willing to use them
I think you could with an increase in abundance. If I have 15 potions I wouldn't mind using one
Yep
I can get so much deeper with front squats. Also they fuckin destroy my abs
It's ab old method. I say we all make a pact that If we ever see the vshred guy we kick his ass
Same. I've done it maybe once or twice ever but only if someone looks like they're gonna hurt themselves
https://youtu.be/LuDurLj6cME
Wheres my man turtle?
I haven't washed my hair in probably a year. I just rinse it out really good and it's perfectly healthy, not oily at all
How stiff? Do you have a headache and do you know what you're sick with?
:(
"unfortunately his liver and kidneys still failed and he died, major bummer!"
I'm worried about the guy at 50 seconds posturing like that
Lol I don't know but that's the vibe I got from the article
Thanks for the reply! Looking for a sewing machine and I'll definitely start with practice Peices
Yeah dude well I eat 3 peanuts a day and I'm actually gaining weight
[I imagine this](https://youtu.be/tf4TIWECZ30)
Dude. I was looking thru a patients chart the other day and there was a history of "urgent desire for stool". The only way I could interpret that was that he likes to play with or eat doodoo
It's painful to watch
Fuck that kid
Quads for the broads
Dude its 3 weeks. Give it time
This is awesome. How big is this? As a tucsonan I also approve
"Hey man you wanna hangout later? Maybe go bowling?"
Then don't?
I really like your style
Fucking Vshred. Fuck that guy
For the things you mentioned, yes college is needed. But so many people go to college and DONT end up as doctors or lawyers and it doesn't help them in any way in the job market. What you major on is very important
How old are you? As age increases, fucks seem to decrease
Dude my bench max was 260. First day back I struggled with 175x5 lol. Squatted today for the first time in months. 205x5 felt heavy (my squat has always sucked). We'll get it back don't worry
Not at all. Ain't you ever seen a girl with only a fat booty or a fat girl with no booty
Same. I work at a corporate hospital that has I think 6 locations in my state. just saw that were approaching ICU capacity and about 20% of our total cases admissions have been covid related
Holy shit gonna have to prep a bunch of these. I wasn't hungry 2 minutes ago but after watching that I'm starving
I have no idea who this is but I love this post
We're supposed to reserve spots at my gym. The app said there should be 32 people here right now. I'm going to guess there's 100
Very cool
Almost any time someone with the name Jaimie comes up in conversation I quote this.. I can be kindof annoying
You need to watch this movie
It's called not counting calories. Plus I started my career which is weird night hours and it's fucking with my sleep wake cycle pretty heavy
This might not be the right place to ask but anyone know of a website to get bloodwork done? I have the means to collect my own blood and I figure if there's a way to send it directly to a lab it could be cheaper
You know it's gonna be a good preworkout when you get a little on your hand and it stings
I think it costs about that before insurance. A nurse friend of mine went to the ER last year after passing out. He was just really dehydrated. They gave him a liter of normal saline and the bill was either 3k or 4k, I don't remember, for "fluid resuscitation". Insurance covered it but that's still shitty.
Well I'll be damned. Turns out you really can't ever play gloomhaven 100% correctly
Probably for ( very minimal) cooling purposes
I gotta get another xj
I work in AZ. I've seen a few new grads move to my hospital from CA cuz they can't find work
Those things are already hard ebough to fit in, I really wanna see the inside. Other than the hood I honestly don't hate it though
I'm not even colorblind and I agree. When I was in training as a new nurse and collecting the different tubes for blood draws I needed a purple one and there's 2 purples dark and light. I asked my preceptor which one and she goes "well that ones is lavender so the other one" I still read the label instead of looking at the color cuz fuck lavender
How do you know so much about colors?
I wish Sony would step up their game. I had an Xperia years back and that thing was extremely bloat free. I don't remember any apps that couldn't be deleted (even Google has a few, even if it isn't as bad as Samsung)
Pork is super good. Personally I try not to eat it too much just because I feel bad with how smart pigs are
Probably not the best place to be asking but anyone know of like a web based lab I can use for blood tests? I don't have a PCP right now but I am an RN and have access to phlebotomy equipment. I did a little googling but couldn't find too much
Cool. Thanks for the explanation!
How many years of practice does it take to get to this point?
Signed up for planet fitness for late night workouts since my gym closes. So far I have one complaint and it's huge. It's absolutely silent in here
I lose like 5% body fat when my nips are hard
I'm sorry man. Shit like that can be rough. if you need to vent or whatever my inbox is open. How long ago did y'all break up?
The fact that it bothers you so much makes me believe that you still have feelings for her, no? Has she hooked up with any other guys since you broke up and if so did it bother you?
How long does a full body routine take? How much volume are you putting up? Due to my work schedule I'm trying to cut down the number of days of my split
I was one of 3 people but I went at 2am.
Cool thank
Her 86 year old uncle looks like he's 60
I enjoy cowboy camping. Then I remember that centipedes are a thing and have borderline panic attacks. Or fruit flys keep landing in my ear. Maybe a happy medium for me would be a bug net
Is there a way to see what effects you have going on? Like how do you know you're at 200%
As someone who moved around a shitload in my sleep I disagree
What gear is that? I'm looking for a similar setup
So I did some googling and what you said doesn't seem quite right. The problem isn't having your arms up, but having the extra stretch from weight of your body being supported by your arms. It expands your thoracic cavity and you need to pull yourself slightly up in order to breath normally. And even that is only a theory. But put your arms out in a crucifix position. you won't find any difficulty in taking a deep breath in or out.
Declared dead? That's not how it works. Organs are collected from patients who are brain dead and considered unlikely to ever recover but are anatomically alive.
Also even if you are an organ donor they still need permission from your family. Plus keeping you alive is better for organ donation. Ive only Ever known of organs collected from patients who are brain dead but anatomically "alive".
Not true. I'm an RN, I don't work in the OR but I have a general idea of how the organ collection process works. The wheels are all put in motion when the person is alive but their brain is damaged enough that theres considered no likelihood of them returning to conciousness. When someone is in this position (on life support) we, as nurses call the organ donation network who then comes in and speaks with the family about organ donation. Once the family gives consent, the organ recovery surgery is preformed on the anatomically and legally still living patient. Someone isn't declared dead when their brain stops working but when their heart stops. Edit: took out some immaturity
That's a lot of pressure to have as a 19 year old kid. Im sorry that happened to you but you can't beat yourself up over it
Thank you for the correction, I don't work in ICU. Is putting a time of death so they can perform the surgery that they know will result in the death of the patient?
Very fair point. I just don't like being talked down to and I guess it got to me
Interesting. Another user who says they work in the field included this in their reply &gt;Once brain death is confirmed (official TOD that is put on the death certificate),
Word thanks!
Yeah. They said they're in America. Read the other comment. They seem knowledgeable. I've only been there at time of death during codes, it isn't my expertise
You know the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean right?
Ive never paid to have a garbanzo bean on my face. Chill out
I'm over working night shift. Got off work yesterday. Slept till 430pm, got tired and went to sleep at 11 now it's 3am, I'm awake and going to go workout. It was fine when I was a young party dude but now I don't get to see my GF enough and there ain't shit to do when I'm awake
Thank you for introducing me to the phrase "piss farting"
I only saw season 1 so I don't know who that guy is but googling him he looks like top /r/punchablefaces material
Had to Google who he was. Fucking A I feel old that a 24 year old once babysat you
Deleted :(
My uncle used to work at goodwill in the donation center and someone once donated one of [these](https://www.gunsamerica.com/974115138/J-Stevens-A-T-co-22cal-single-shot-pistol.htm)
I think I'm over working nights. Staying up thru the night is fine but it fucks with my sleep schedule too much and leaves me with much less free time
Ohh gotcha
Kalifornia
There was this dude who hungout in my friends garage. One day my buddies were working in the garage with the door open and this guy was walking down the alley, introduced himself and would use their yard as place to I guess get away from his gf or something. He was recently out of prison, quite the piece of shit and one the most intimidating people I've ever seen. Anyway first day I meet him I introduce myself, were hanging out for a while and he went to leave. He shook my hand but turned to my friend and said "yo what's your boys name again?" As if I wasn't there. He also told my friend (who's light skinned Mexican American) to "stay white"
I don't know why this is so fucking funny to me
I used to. It sucks. I would feel bad when I went to do stuff with the boys cuz she wouldn't have shit to do. It was even a big part of why I didn't break up with her (which I know is ridiculous, this was years ago) even though we were not at all right for eachother.
Fucking tell me about it. I'm a nurse and my coworkers are always just poking my veins and making comments
Hey you're not op
I saw a carvana commercial and decided to just see what they would offer me. It's a 01 Forester. I knew it wouldn't be much but when I saw an offer of $100 I had to laugh
Is it worth picking up an olight?
And it's actually upvoted? What is with that sub
Start hanging dong
250lb of pure fuckforce
Woah. Actual goals
Cool. Thanks for the write up. I don't have any "nice" lights yet but now I make the money were I can buy little luxuries like that. Mostly want a nice camping light
Thanks daddy
That's a big boy
I just got a 6 month old pup. Its a kinda weird transition cuz I've had my 5 year old dog since he was super little, he's been my best friend ever since and the perfect dog. I'm definitely already growing to love the new pup though
Kai gives [no fucks](https://www.instagram.com/p/CB27nwPpmcu/?hl=en)
I can't handle mind numbing. I went from a job that was 6 weeks of training, to retail where the job was "ok men's running shoes are here,men's basketball shoes are here etc etc,... And that's the job" Luckily now I'm in my career
Being a designer of those would be fun. Not that I would be any good
Lol it's safe for work, just Instagram
I didn't know. Thanks
Whelp. Gyms are closing again tonight for 30 days and my boys bailed on game night right after I bought a new game Tight
Betrayal at house on the hill
I mean who knows what'll happen, also were in this mess cuz we reopened too early and our covid numbers have shot up
Hell yeah
My first car was a 91 crown Vic. What a vehicle
No notes about voice chat fixes? Last but my whole party had eachother muted and couldn't unmute which just ruined the game
Yep. My whole squad had eachother muted and couldn't unmute. My screen even had a mute symbol on my own name
I definitely agree with the decision but I still don't like it
I have not. Isn't that a video game?
