&gt; And Corbyn should have been the voice of Lexit Let's attempt to play the Tories games all over again! I'm sure it'll work out this time. Lexit was a pipe dream and will always be a pipe dream. Any Labour leader with an ounce of political nuance would've campaigned strongly for Remain in the original referendum because anything other than remain would lead to the current situation.
Got a family to support? Any other commitments? &gt; move to a more affordable area That would surely be limited by whatever training scheme they can get?
How are you missing the very basic idea that Labour allowing itself the delusion of Lexit put it inbetween a rock and a hard place that led to this? Honestly, you have a very tenous grasp on the very idea of democracy so I'm not even going to bother touching that with a bargepole.
What exactly does that post have to do with anything at all because it has almost 0 to do with what I asked after the family part, because so far all you've really established is that you went into an adult training scheme at 25 and are now 30 with no real commitments so you could do it again if need be?
No, we really couldn't have, the goal posts were moved immediatly and anything other than a 'True Brexit' was derided as Brexit in Name Only. Attempting any of this while the Tories had power was foolhardy and simply playing their game when you should've let them crash and burn, they were desperate to try and staunch the loss of votes of UKIP and that should've been capitalised.
If they won a majority in the GE and decided to revoke Brexit there would be nothing at all undemocratic about it in our system.
Can you do basic statistics and probability?
It is democratic in our current system which is inherently undemocratic.
&gt; Most voters whilst understanding how the system works would still see that as undemocratic, elitist and scummy. Right, that is why the attempt to reform our system was voted down. I'm enjoying this attempt at justifying whatever laughable position it is that you're attempting to peddle. Not like the LD vote share actually increased or anything.
&gt; A lot of the remainers would have stuck with the party anyway, and they were clumped up in city seats that labour would have been hard pressed to lose. What are you on about? They were hemorrhaging voters to the LDs before finally coming out with the second ref position.
The entire thing was an attempt by Cameron to get back voters they were losing to UKIP. This led to Bojo and Gove attempting some sort of powergrab by pushing for leave. The entire thing was a Tory game played by the Tory ruleset from the get go. There was never any Lexit because Labour were never in power, the delusion was thinking Labour could allow the Tories to lay out the groundwork and then turn up and do it the Labour way.
Or people would have switched because Labour was offering them nothing and LDs were offering them a shot at what they wanted? People clearly switched away from Labour. Nothing Labour did after the original referendum was going to get them into power.
&gt; You really need an explanation about why fishing quotas are detrimental to fishing communities? What about overfishing that will deplete fish populations beyond recovery? Will that be detrimental to fishing communities? Perhaps you should attempt to actually explain your claims instead of coming out inane trite?
How do you differentiate between British North Sea Cod and the non-British North Sea Cod?
Thanks, I have lots more of them. Your conceit seems quite misplaced when you either had to misrepresent that my post this much or you genuinely struggled to understand it.
I like how you consistently go out of your way to explain how you don't quite understand things in details.
Hahahahahahahahahaha, you literally just argued for the existence of a world police. How do you survive?
I assumed actual highbrow insults would just go over your head.
But here you are still just demanding explanations, remember you want to stay with the genuine curiosity!
So close yet so far. Maybe you should try and make it a circle to make it easier on yourself?
Well, when you think about it a manufacturers refitting would be something a MTM service of some sort would offer. Carhartt WIP is sort of the furthest thing from that?
Thanks! I'll get you back to you with squares later, chief.
Oh man, just go vote for the Tories, why are you such a jilted lover? Let Labour actually start to represent the modern working class properly.
And be utterly shocked when racists take it as fair game to justify racism.
It definitely doesn't and should not be. I genuinely do believe that we should celebrate what makes cultures unique and great, but that will not stop people misappropriating the discussion extremely fast.
What is your career experience?
It's a very happy delusion to have that the 'bad people' of the world will get what's coming to them.
Epstein was murdered because he would've given up names of people that attended his parties, people who will face absolutely no repurcusions now. Miguided attempts at bringing the 'bad people' like Gadaffi, Bin Laden and Solleimani to justice have led to wide scale suffering and destablisation of an entire region. Any of the people that have perpetuated this been brought to justice?
It is strongly implied when we talk about bad people getting what's coming to them. People want Johnson to fuck up because it was be justice in a form, a life lesson and a warning for other people how being a charalatan might make you PM but you'll fuck it up and have to pay.
Isn't there a good and a bad direction for society to generally move?
It can be that as well, it is a good point. I think Johnson will live out the rest of his life sheltered from the consequnces of his decisions and not really give a flying fuck about scandals.
So you won't be signing up if there is a ground war? But you'll definitely encourage everyone else to support it right? &gt; It will be Libya on a massive scale. I like you're genuinely attempting to spin that as a good thing.
&gt;Yes &gt; &gt;You only need to look at the debate around brexit. I did, and I realised the the supposed classical labourer no longer actually exists. Most of those McDonalds workers (sticking with your example) will be living in metropolitan areas working with international co-workers. Very few of them would've voted for Brexit. This is your mistake, thinking all of these supposed classical labourers are hanging out in the North and it's these people that Labour lost. &gt; Labour was founded to represent a class of people. That class is changing and Labour should have changed with them. Instead it abandoned them to chase after an entirely different class. Or reality changed and the supposed Labour voter doesn't actually exist anymore, which when put to you you simply reject and claim they exist and aren't being represented.
&gt; [40% of Greater London voted leave](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Results_of_the_2016_United_Kingdom_European_Union_membership_referendum#Greater_London). Since we know that working class and non-degree holders were more likely to vote leave, that probably includes the majority of London's classical labourers. Except the young and the non-British citizens of course. It could also include high numbers ethnic educated high earners ([South Asians](https://theconversation.com/inside-the-british-asian-brexit-vote-and-why-it-contains-a-few-surprises-72931) were focussed on a lot), but it can also include some of the classical workers in your mind, sure. But that still leaves 60% of the population that voted to remain, and this would mean that large numbers of your classical workers voted to remain. &gt; Considering that Labour lost it's heartlands, and the decline in Labour heartlands vote has been building since the New Labour period I think it's highly reasonable to assume that Labour has failed to represent it's traditional voting base. Labours current heartlands for the past two decades have been metropolitan areas that have very consistently voted for Left leaning parties, not the areas that used to vote Labour when we had a manufaturing power house.
It was created to represent the interests of the working class, not simply chase after the voters in the supposed heartlands. Labour fails because it does not recognise that the demographic of those workers has changed, hence why Labour's refusal to back some sort of a PR system has repeatedly bitten them in the ass over the past 4 elections.
Yes, but could you actually go into details please? Could you tell me about the attitudes of the German population towards digitalization in general please?
Hahaha, why is everyone getting all pissed in here? I thought we were all about the brand new trade deals with India and China and whatnot? What happend to all that talk about the Commonwealth? Or wait, did everyone think that India was just going bend over and welcome the British Raj back?
Are you Irish?
Lol.
So now you're blaming EU FoM for us having a shit quality of life?
Because London doesn't get the funding it needs to support the amount of pressure put on it. Our Infrastructure is pretty piss poor compared to most other countries. Our healthcare spending is below the other countries. Our pay for most of the jobs is not-competetive compared to the other countries, hence why we have a brain drain towards them and not a great number of highly skilled workers are jumping over here from those countries. Our public education spending has been cut massive amounts since the GFC.
Not in the UK they don't, you're right.
So you mean HR or something?
And in your mind that means they don't need maintenance right?
If you think a bench can sit there in a public spot for a decade with no maintenance I've got a couple of million benches to sell you.
&gt;to a one-off cost of a bench that will sit there for decades. &gt; &gt; Give over. They sit there for years and years untouched by any maintenance team. Mate, you made the claim first. Feel free to cite away instead of guessing.
You looked at public benches for your father? As in his memory or something?
Wow, you're like a great argumentator, you've sure showed everyone. Thanks for teaching me how to argumentate like you.
&gt; I own my 3 bed house in outer London in my 20s but have to commute over an hour. Most research shows such a commute will be ridiculous negative effects on your mental wellbeing. But hey, as long as you're living the best life you can eh.
Do you think you could repeat that a few times? You could develop some self-awareness purely by accident.
Why bother voting for them when the Tories will simply offer the same things but more tax cuts?
I like how you genuinely think knowing how to speak a language and actually being able to teach a language are the same thing. Ironically, you've been showing some god awful reading capabilities in all your posts, so I have no idea why you seem to think you have any sort of an opinion worth posting.
Teaching a kid how to speak the language is a world apart from actually teaching anyone (kid or adult) the language (i.e. the grammar and comprehenssion). This is why we actually have English classes in school and don't simply rely on your parents to teach you, it's a pity you seem to have skipped out on them.
I actually developed that opinion really fast after reading your posts.
Watch and learn as the Tories spin it around.
What is this minimal chance of leaving these programs? How does Johnson plan on crashing out with no deal, removing FoM and still being a part of these programs?
Quick question, how much do you feel you've contribuited to society in your life?
Gonna make sure that you give any inheritence you may have or would've given to anyone else goes to charity or the taxman?
No bravery involved mate, you too can do it easily.
Hahaaha, yeah, it was definitely the remainers that couldn't compromise and wasn't just anything even remotely acceptable being immediately derided as BINO by the ERG, Farage etc.
Are you confusing program countries, which gives access to the full Erasmus programme and partner countries which give conditional access to very limited parts?
Nah, just very curious as how someone lives a life thinking they're being a contribuiting member of society but holding those views. It shows a very disturbing lack of development on a personal level.
Paying more tax than 99% of the population really isn't as lofty a goal as you think it is, but you do you. What sort of an argument would you like? A very basic one would be that it's inhumane to consistently meddle in the affairs of other countries then attempt to wash your hands off of it when the shit hits the fan. Another basic one would be, realistically people that hold such views give absolutely no fucks about anyone below them, so co-opting the less fortunate in our country for your crusade is realistically nothing more than oppurtunistic. You're welcome to hold these views, but be proud that the views you hold are reprehensible and you seem to lack any and all empathy, don't try and tell everyone how your views are actually logical while ignoring reality. I have asked him what sort of oppurtunities he feels British people are starved from due to the decision to reunite families. Maybe you can answer this, what sort of oppurtunities do you feel we'd gain by keeping these families seperate?
Do you think Amazon getting a higher market share is a good thing for the UK in the long run?
&gt; I agree with the author here, in that from what I've been seeing so far, Johnson looks like a massively centrist PM, willing to open the wallet, take a level-headed approach, and get some big infrastructure projects moving, all while keeping Europe close at hand. Was this his behaviour during his two stints as the London mayor? Did he manage to take level headed apporaches and fund infrastructure projects that would help in the long run?
What about Amazon's penchant for paying almost 0 tax, their rampant consumerism and the throw away culture that they promote, the awful working conditions they subject most of their workers to, the rise of the gig jobs as things like Amazon and Uber become bigger due to pricing out competition?
What did work out during his 8 year stint What about his stint as the Foreign Sec? What did he manage to do then?
Oh? So where are you both located now? And why was she denied a visa?
It's not a debate about Amazon, I'm just curious as to why you dismiss the BRC as lobbyists and then point out the market giant Amazon as the disruptor. &gt;You should be blaming law makers I most definitely do. Amazon does not simply become faultless, because let's be honest they'll lobby hard against any change to do those tax laws. &gt;Most of the warehouse stories are propaganda pushed by Unions OR Unions trying to establish themselves in a market where they don't have much presence. So all negative stories about the working life/quality of people in Amazon warehouses is simply propoganda in your view? That's a very hot take indeed. &gt;UK wage for an amazon warehouse worker is £10.50. The minimum wage is £8.21 (from 2020). That's 27% above minimum wage. Is it still a job with little security, reward and relatively low pay for effort? &gt;What's funny is, you probably argue for shitty dinosaur companies to rip off the consumer more. You're happy for all these pointless middle men to exist who all take their 30% cut and have shitty customer service. That's an interesting strawman. As opposed a market giant/effective monopoly that apparently takes no cut? What is Amazon's customer service like? I know they're very happy to simply send you something new without taking a return because it's a net loss for them to have to process it, but does that make it good customer service in your view? I'm happy for anything with long term planning that involves us looking past the next quarterly report for the shareholders.
Are they? Amazon had a point in time where it was reliable, now it's filled with cheap disposable electronics from China, food that may be past or extremely close to the best before/use by date, fake branded goods with no checks, cheap quality clothing, items with bought 5 and 4 star reviews. This is ignoring the god awful search system that the market giant seems to have, the awful suggestion algorithim that is meant to take the place of a shop assistant in combination with the reviews. So, are the British people actually getting better service?
So what sort of a deal is that?
Do you think the UK manages to compete on even footing against the US for attracting US graduates? Ah, so we're going to convince Indians and Chinese researchers and students to now move here as easily as an EU researcher or student could've moved here?
Are you suggesting British people should learn English as both a first and second language to get those additional benefits? That's an interesting take on things
What is the point of marriage in your view?
&gt;I actually now think Latin should be mandatory from Nursery/Reception/Year 1, all the way up to the end of High School. If your goal is to have a single lanaguage taught then surely German (most common first language in Europe) or Spanish (far more useful across the world) would be the better choice?
How come all of those poor Eastern bloc countries aren't running away from the EU? After all it's purely for the wealthy right?
Dun got none guvnor
Maybe you should read the context of the post?
Ah yes, as opposed to when the EU insisted on keeping their internal market intact and everyone bitched and moaned about how mean and evil the EU is. Right right.
I mean it hasn't because it has been shown repeatedly that the reason it looks like that is because Labour voters either did not vote or went to other parties. There were so many people pointing out that the Yougov version of the story ignored that, but you do you.
Nah, we'll have aligned so heavily with America for short term gain for the Tories that we'll simply sit around in limbo while America strips us for all they can get.
&gt; I truly hope the people that voted for a continuation of this shit and their friends or families never have to use it. When you think about it wishing the exact opposite might have better results, people might actually develop some sympathy.
How is it a point to claim "well that's why people voted to leave" when it's a discussion about fedralisation 100ish years in the future?
Sovereignity
Thanks for the tips, buddy!
Mind telling me about the ranking system used to rank those universities? Could you tell me about the difference between the education on the tertiary level between the Anglo countries that dominate those rankings and the EU system? Thanks
Who do you fly with? Where do you fly from?
Curiosity more than anything, I could see Virgin and BA stopping over in London but not really sure why any of the other European flights would. When I last checked most of them would stop at their home airport even if it meant going back to that country first.
What markets are we going to pivot away to?
How much do you think a t-shirt should cost?
Are you confused about what glaucoma is?
Brexit means Brexit! Get Brexit Done! What a wonderful way of attempting to twist history to suit your needs.
Damn, you're right, an eye condition, that without treatment can cause blindness but everyone knows simply waiting for treating (i.e. being without treatment) is only irritating.
You said you have private cover, they suggested they could write a letter for you to go see a private specialist if you wanted because they don't give a fuck what you do with your money. The motivation is that a lot of things don't need referrals but people very much want referrals for everything, so GPs make judgement calls when referring to the NHS specialists who are equally overworked and underpaid as they are.
That doesn't even make sense. They told you, the patient, that you should referred but they won't do it because they've been told not to? Then you mention your private cover and they refer you to private doctor? Of course they have to prioritise care, no one is saying otherwise, but that does not involve not referring people if there is a genuine need to.
Why don't the people that want to leave just wait a bit and see how it goes eh?
I'd like to see people attempt to learn Mandarin.
Well, that's a change in your tune isn't it? No longer interested in what's in our interests?
I would really like to hear the rest of the great British minds in ranking please.
Hey, mind telling me about sovereignty and the role of it in the UK system? Thanks.
&gt; Do you not understand the principal that the US spends more tax on healthcare despite it being privatised and nothing to show for it? Do you understand that this because they have a godawful model that prioritises the profit of insurance companies and is a definite outlier in the western world? Do you understand that bring this up doesn't actually do shit other than show that you don't seem understand the topic? How do you type your second paragraph out without realising how little you seem to understand the topic? Poor management is a symptom of making meterics into targets, which leads to people striving to reach those targets which should never have been set. To ignore the reality that we chronicaly underfund the NHS and it still manages to deliver and that it needs more money regardless of whatever changes you wish to bring about is nothing more than a Tory talking point.
Those meterics weren't introduced to measure how well the NHS was run, those are simple data points that exist. They became a method of measuring how well it is run when they became targets, so that when those targets are failed people can come out and tell everyone how th NHS is being mismanaged. If you remove the targets and treat them as data points that tell you what can be improved they'd still serve the same purpose. I have never assumed your political allegiance, I could not give any fewer fucks. Your arguments are nothing more than mealy mouthed Tory talking points regardless.
No, my question is actually very clear.
Hey, tell me about these long term benefits. Who is going to be reaping them? What sort of a time period are we talking about here? A decade? Two decades? Half a century? How is the global catastrophe that's looming over the horizon going to play into these long term benefits?
Any idea if the black ones have the seam twist? I find the seam twist extremely offputting for some reason
As people and nations become more interconnected national power will start to wane and supranational power will start to become the norm, in the same way we no longer have a Kingdom of East Anglia, Merica etc etc and simply have England. This has fuck all to do with regional identitiy as people seem to confuse the two.
Mind telling me which country is exactly the same as it was 1000 years ago?
They're bitter winners because they have no idea what to do with all their new found sovereignty.
Who has suggested that they are other than the strawman in your head?
Except that doesn't actually claim it's the same thing. It links the two.
Such as the UK?
The fact that you can't tell the difference between type of supranational entities is your problem. Why is America still a thing? Why is the UK still a thing? Why is India still a thing? All of these are essentially supranational entities if you actually look at the cultural make up of different parts. Supranational entities that people wish to be a part of will continue, supranational entities that people no longer wish to be a part of will fail. The reality is that ease of travel, modern communication etc have all pushed us closer together a lot faster than people expected, as such supranational entities are the future. They simply will not survive if they are brought about by military conquest e.g. British Empire or USSR.
&gt; Getting the 'outside of EU' prices for cigarettes in European airports is decent to me. Imagine that being a reason to leave ; )
&gt; It's on the same level as not having to fill in a form when visiting/working in the EU as a reason for remaining ; ) One has been known to nothing but negative effects on your life/health and those around you and advised against by absolutely everyone, and the other is making life easier for everyone. Is there a more apt metaphor for this shit show?
We can also see where people have gone wrong in history and attmept to change course, but not in your mind.
If people never learned from history we would still be living in mud huts. It is not exceptionalism to use history to better yourself, it is stupidity to not do so.
Not in the slightest. None of that is actually binding.
Gonna apply to the Bojo's government by any chance?
Maybe you should articulate why he isn't smart enough to realise he's an anti-semite.
That is a very easy situation to solve when you're convinced it will never actually affect you negatively. Really, it should not be an one or the other situation.
So you agree that Johnson's government has no mandate for Brexit?
The referendum that was plagued with lies, misinformation, no realistic goals or claims and was simply advisory and not binding? What a resounding a mandate to crash us out of the EU for short term for a select few eh?
You mean all those points have been ignored by yelling 17 million and then using Bojos current majority as proof of people wanting the hardest possible Brexit? Nothing hypocritical there.
I'm sure she will do that by blaming remainers for this shit show.
Mind linking that ruling? Thanks.
Blamed people that wished to remain for being too Eurocentric. Why would anyone vote for her? It's the same shit all over again. Labour needs to die and we need an actual representitive electoral system.
Is this sarcastic or has my time machine just worked?
&gt; That obviously didn’t happen (the world saw the EU as a Franco-German plaything) Absolutely not. The rest of the world saw the power we had in the EU. Our politicians constantly sold their own failures as those of the EU and as proof of how powerless we were in the EU.
How about a realistic view for the future? How about actually upholding that democracy you are so proud to drag out of the mud any time it suits your purpose. Why are you so against allowing the citizens of this country (16 year olds) that will be affected the most by this shit show a vote? Oh please, Brexiters had no intention of even attempting to compromise, and that was so clear when the red lines and tripe got rolled out and any negative was attempted to be spun as people simply not beliving hard enough. The original referendum was on the promise of a billion unicorn Brexits existing, it turned out none of them actually did. The fact that you then want no standards upheld in that tells everyone just how few fucks you actually give about democracy. Democracy does not exist in a vaccum of a simple majority decision.
May's agreement was voted down by the ERG and other hardliners, there was absolutely no way it was passing even if the people that wished to remain had accepted it as some benevolant compromise (which it really fucking isn't despite all desperate attempts over the recent months to spin it as so). This was Brexiter's proclaiming anything other than the hardest of Brexit's as a false one and rushing headlong into that.
&gt;If Labour MPs had supported the deal it would have passed. And Labour did fuck all for three years. They sat the fence, hoped people would flock to them by the simply virtue of being Labour and had to dragged to take any sort of a stance. So that is all a moot point. &gt;The fact is that both the ERG and the Remainers voted against the deal because they thought they would then be able to get one more in line with their objectives. &gt; &gt; The ERG got that bet right, the remainers got it wrong. So Brexiter's had no intention of compromising and got that right in the end but are now blaming Remainer's for compromising. Good showing. &gt; What would you have needed to see removed from it to make it a compromise? It is not a question of what should be removed. It is a question of what is being offered? What was actually offered as a compromise between two very polarising beliefs? May ruled out anything to do with the SM&amp;CU because of ERG hardliners. There was nothing of any substance being offered, it was all empty platitudes and scorn being heaped on anything who did not want this shitshow.
And Labour in turn are now attempting to turn around and blame the people that never wished for this shit show for not bending over and taking it up the arse.
If the population voted to overturn the original referendum that would be the population's choice. You seem to be very against democracy when it doesn't suit your needs.
Could it possibly be that we allow 16 year olds to work, pay tax and sign up for the army? Oh no, that couldn't be it! It's just a weird number that people have chosen. &gt; Not necessarily, but lack of age definitely correlates with lack of wisdom and understanding of the world. Ah good you brought that up. Age aalso correlates with mental detoriation, a lack of understanding of a changing world, an unwillingness to remain open to new ideas etc etc etc. Many many negatives when you think about it. &gt; The only one without self-awareness is you. You want to let children vote just because you expect them to vote for your cause and because children can be easily manipulated. Lol, literally anyone can be manipulated.
Except it was, it was the starting positon. I thought Brexiters were all about negotiation? Not gonna get far in the brave new world if they can't even negotiate that eh?
Or throw out all the Europhobes who refuse to see European nations working closer together for their own good?
Those are negatives in England who believe closer co-operation is massive negative. The rest of Europe likes it. Why do you people have so much difficulty grasping that?
Would California leaving the US affect it any less simply because the vast majority of countries aren't a part of the US?
What did he do while he was Mayor that was so good?
Do you think thoe 330k migrants are just sitting around jerking each other off while collecting all the benefits they can?
Why didn't the UK just fund it in the first place and put up a sign?
You mean the thing that Ken Livingstone fought and won? And then Boris turned up and put his name on? Just like the bikes again. He replaced them with buses that no air conditioning and windows that couldn't open. Now the ones with two entrances aren't opening the last one because of fare dodgers. Those are two events in an 8 year career as Mayor!
Ah yes, all those Asian countries who are part of the EU. Right.
Literally nothing stopping them putting money in before.
So kill the farming industry in the UK and put us at the mercy of whatever country we now plan on importing most of our food from?
No developed country has gone out of their way to destroy their own agricultural sector either.
More pressure on the students? Must be nice. Higher expectations, higher demands, lower outlooks and the ability to spend your free time picking potatoes for minimum wage!
How long does lesson planning take in your experience?
Mate, we all see your opinion and we are all poorer for that.
&gt; Also the people that suffered are long gone Mate, large parts of the world are still affected by the British decision to draw sqiggly lines on a piece of paper and claim it as the new world order. And I guess you are right in another sense, a vast majority of those that suffered did not survive their suffering.
&gt; Is it racist when muslims talk about the "Islamic golden age" in comparison to the dark ages in Europe? Anyone that talks like that can be dismissed, just like you may be because you have fuck all understanding of the terms used.
What about when a native shit talks the country? Just gonna put them in the gulag?
That's a fair response. I am not a teacher either, but I have had experience tutoring people and I found the amount of planning I had to do varied a lot depending on the actual person. I would say a good teacher may have to account for the different classes and their abilities and plan accordingly which may be slightly different to a yearly (?) health and safety training course for adults?
Who said it would be a magic cure?
Why students? Why not have pensioners go pick some tatters in their free time?
I like how you continue using words you clearly have no idea of the meaning of. But gawn den, guvnor.
So democracy means it's a winner takes all situation with no need for compromise or attempts to understand why people may be against a particular action?
Maybe you should post after learning the meaning of all those fancy words you want to use?
Mate, we're on the internet, don't need to buy dictionaries anymore. Keep up with the times eh?
Hold up, what happened to the 'Brexit will be done on 31st of Jan' talking point now?
They aren't in power though are they? Maybe they shouldn't have stood down during the GE. So officially, for all intents and purposes, Brexit will be completed on the 31st of Jan.
&gt; She is saying "after brexit, the EU decides over British fisheries without British input" because as it turned out we held very few cards. It's might not be inconsistent, if we are being very generous, it's just stupid and shows a lack of understanding of reality nearly 4 years down this shitshow.
Uniqlo isn't considered high fashion in the rest of the world either.
&gt; Far less child rape. Yeah, we'd been keeping it among the upper class or at least telling them to go to SEA countries!
I like how your mind immediatly jumped to the legitimacy of Brexit rather than the actual inane claim this woman is making. You seem to be gettin pretty outraged for a situation that needs no outrage either way tho eh.
It probably helped when people bought T-shirts that retained shape after multiple washes as opposed to many other fast-fashion or non-fast fashion brands out there.
That is a really long post to try and convince me that you're in fact very calm and totally cool. Keep truckin' champ, might get that gold medal in mental gymnastics soon.
&gt; I don't understand why the focus is on racism. You must struggle with understanding so many things :'(
Making your post longer and longer is not gonna make it any less mealy mouthed or slimey. I have absolutely no idea why I'm even bothering to engage you on this, you're either a slimeball attempting to downplay motivations of crimes or simply too stupid to even be having this dicussion. &gt; If you're threatened and robbed, whether it was "racially motivated" or included racist abuse is irrelevant It most definitely is not. Words like these are only spoken by someone who has never had racial abuse thrown at them and has never attempted to empathise with someone who has. &gt; It doesn't make you a bigger victim than someone without that component. That would be discriminatory. It's why the concept of a hate crime is discriminatory. If a person robbed someone because they were brown it actually does play a pretty big component. You seem to struggle to understand the concept of a hate crime. The crime originates because of the person's race or creed, not because the criminal wished to be a criminal. If the person in the video had wished to rob the taxi driver he could quite obviously have done so without throwing any racial abuse at the taxi driver, repeatedly, showing that a massive motivation on the criminal's part is the taxi driver's race. &gt; I don't even know what this means. I'll refer back to my very first post, I'm sure you struggle to understand a great many things. &gt; I don't care about abstract motivations for crimes. With that we can end our discussion because you're a waste of everyone's time. But I will highlight one particular part of the rest of your post that truly shows how utterly out of your depth you are in anything beyond a pre-school discussion. &gt; You can call certain words racist, but you can't call someone a racist, except in extreme scenarios. This is like babys first philosophy course or someshit.
I'd say, yes, mostly because of consistency in sizing. Now I'm not saying that all Uniqlo Ms fit the same way or anything, but more that if I buy a Uniqlo U t-shirt in M from any store in Europe it all fits the same. The same has not been my experience with the other companies that focus on blanks.
It shows how little you actually understand the topic at hand. The existence of the EU is one of the main reasons why war in Europe seems like such a foreign concept to you.
Imagine claiming to care about something long term and consistently voting against that.
Hahahahahahahahah, look at you, all of a sudden concerned about our educational systems. No doubt the students in those places that tell you they don't want this shit show are just luvvie lefties?
So now the spin is that we don't actually want the supposedly amazing trade deals from around the world to replace our single market membership?
&gt; EU forced GMO labels on us. The ECJ is above our supreme court. Their laws and regulations override ours. That comes straight from my Grandma who was a judge and had to learn EU laws because they went above and overrode UK laws. AH yea, I forgot where we didn't actually have a say in any of those right. No, certain laws and regulations that are created by member states together may override national law if they come into conflict. In the same fucking way our national courts will override national law if we have standing treaties. You might want to actually ask your grandma how the legal system in our country works. &gt; The EU wants to create a shared European identity which has never worked before. It is bound to fail and on a continent with rising nationalism it could go down violently and I want to avoid war. I like unity, I don't like shared governance of different countries by an unelected executive. It has never worked before because a lot of those attempts were based on conquest and forced subjagation of native populations. You want to avoid war so you want to break up the biggest factor that has led to widespread peace on the continent. You're a special kind. Oh, you should be raging for the UK to be broken up then surely? Westminster running roughshod over Scotland, NI and Wales. &gt; Doesn't matter that the EU is the largest trading block, the golden age of Europe is over and we need to be friends with economies that have larger potentials and are growing faster, like India, the US and Nigeria and Brazil and Mexico and China and Indonesia and Vietnam and most of Africa. HAHAAHAAHAAHAHAAHAHAH. All of them will ride us like the donkeys we are. We have already seen we are the smaller party in all those situations especially when it comes to the US where they gives absolutely no fucks about us are incredibly protectionist. &gt; We might not be able to gain supreme influence in Africa but we can still have mutually beneficial close relationships and could even be a form of reparations for years of colonialism. We will gain nothing and we will give everything. What a good plan. I hope you enjoy that &gt; I like protectionism in trade (not too much) but the EU is protectionist to protect its failing currency rather than its people. I don't like that it is protectionist to benefit other countries, but broadly, not us. Enjoy trying to deal with the US and hypernationlistic nations like India and China.
That's the easiest situation to get upset in. Just need to convince yourself that you are right and that is most definitely a lot easier that less you understand.
Yeah, Javid coming out and telling them we haven't backed down in definitely all the proof we need! It's not like the man comes out and bellows out some contradictory statements every two hours or anything.
So what exactly is a good use of their time? Turning up at the HoC and clapping like monkeys when their team scores a point?
So when these projects go to shit it's not really the MPs problem?
You're the one sitting here arguing how it's not the MPs problem and they shouldn't be expect d to know the complexities.
I assume at no point in your life have you ever actually bothered to even look up any of this right? Much better to just throw the word 'probably' in front and hope it's right?
Ah yes, as opposed to the internet savants that attempted to block porn.
I'm sure the working class and people up north knew exactly what they were voting for.
Trickle it down your faces, plebs, it tastes so delicious!
It has become quite clear that no one really understands what it is that you do, least of all the people working in the financial sector.
What an obscene idea, actually having to pay taxes!
Or does it? It really just shows taxes being paid.
&gt; The lack of popular support for the EU is the driver behind the lack of political will The people will support whatever you sell to them. If you use the EU as a scapegoat for internal failings then that is all they are going to believe.
&gt; The idea for instance that a country with four million Asians still needs to import curry chefs Do you think the people who came over as "curry chefs" will allow their kids to follow in their footsteps? Or do you think they push for their kids to have higher aspirations? Does this lead to people needing to come over as "curry chefs"? &gt; that national health service can't train enough nurses is just ridiculous. It just needs investment. Gee, if only a certain political party hadn't removed all incentives for people to even attempt to become nurses.
&gt; Being a chef of other food is a good career path and one a lot of people aspire to. Curry should be no different, hell the balti is world renowned and a UK dish. That is absolutely not the question asked, but since you want to bring it up. Being a chef, like almost all other service jobs, is a stressful, underpaid, overworked job with very little prospects for the vast majority of chefs. Again, do you believe that the people who come over to work as chefs in the indian takeaways will wish for their children to follow them in their footsteps? Or do you think they will push for them to have higher aspirations? &gt; And this isn't a partisan issue. It's about building a future and I have no problems with criticising any party that has failed to do that. They are all guilty. It's absolutely fucking is. One party has been in power for the majority of the 20th century. One party has been in power for the past decade now. The one time when people genuinely thought their prospects were good was when the other party was in power.
And yet the British nation state has done exactly 0 to even attempt to help the British people. In fact they've gone out of their way to make life remarkably shit for large sections of the British people.
Tell me what degrees have absolutely no real world value in your view.
So, I was right? You're talking about subjects you have absolutely no understanding of?
Is this your rather boring attempt at showing me how I refuse to be wrong or something equally trite? I was far more left wing prior to the whole Brexit shit show, and now I am far more right wing. That good enough for you eh? Why attempt to deflect in the first place? Tell me what you know about sociology and why you believe it's such a waste of time. Or at least tell me your political wrong eh.
&gt; Cultural homogeneity, which to the Japanese seem to value highly is another plus if you are that way inclined. It must be working out great for them with record levels of suicides and insanely low levels of native births.
No, we have large levels of immigration becausepeople demand a lifestyle that requires it. It's great to sit there and pointificate about how we need less than 20k immigrants a year while ignoring the reality that not a single fucking person wants to give up anything for it. The elderly want to be waited on hand and foot. They want their full pensions after having paid in a fucking pittiance for 20 years. People want their cheap goods and convinience. People don't want to work in a minimum wage job for the next 60 years. Fucking go out and argue for people to give it all up and then demand the borders be closed.
&gt; Why are you an apologist for shitty food practices? He's not. He's an apologist for all things Brexit related.
People knew exactly what kind of a person Bojo was when they voted for him.
&gt; What’s this Puritan nonsense that people should be willing to sacrifice? Life is short enjoy it as much as you can. How ironic, the entire mantra of Brexit has been short term loss for long term gain (lollll). Yet here you are deriding people for being expected to have to deal with some short term pain.
The current swing is a mix between 'we need to not be racist with our immigration policy' and 'we are stealing human capital from the developing world'.
&gt; "The 10 year brexit transitional period has now begun." Just waiting out the Brexiter life and memory spans I see.
&gt; I’d certainly remove powers if they aren’t doing a good job. Nice, should probably remove Westminster's powers then eh?
Bolding a statement or something you wish to empahsis does not mean people take you any less seriously.
&gt; His narrative was that the DWP don't leave their offices, I disputed that. No it wasn't? &gt; I've never heard of the DWP checking on people to see if they're OK. That's a blatant lie. He's clearly talking about welfare checks.
According to the leavers, yes.
Supreme isn't expensive if you buy it directly from Supreme. It falls quite solidly in the low-mid range for most items. Supreme is expensive from resellers because of hype.
&gt; It's interesting that they never had a post-mortem into what went wrong. Anyone with any sense sees what 'went wrong'. British polticians attempted to play internal games with it and it backfired, now the people that believed the lies that were peddled by them will pay the price. This isn't some weird EU thing, this was very much an internal issue.
&gt; This is a wild take, even as a Remainer this is completely ignoring many issues that the EU has. Oh please, we still have people on the sub talking about the CAP like it hasn't progressed beyond the 80s. The vast vast vast majority of people have no fucking idea what the issues with the EU are. A massive issue is, as Verhofstadt has said, the weird limbo countries like the UK existed in.
Because at some point some newspaper ran a story about how the Dutch were right behind us in leaving and such it is 100% true right now.
&gt; She's had a month, time to hit the books. Why? We clearly have people in there who still don't understand shit decades down the line.
&gt; Both states abolished themselves and formed a new sovereign state in their place. And yet all this means is that England runs roughshod over Scotland and their interests.
and when Brexit fails as it inevitably will? Or how about when people realise that giants like China, America, India etc don't give a flying fuck about any of us?
You don't expect to override votes, you expect to actually have your views heard and considered. Not simply outright dismissed any time you disagree. &gt; While Scottish nationalists frame it in terms of "Scotland" and "England", that's certainly not the preoccupation in the rest of the UK. It's England overriding NI, it's England overriding Wales and it's England overriding Scotland.
It's bonkers to have a decade of austerity and then claim, we need to trim the fat a bit more to 'prioritize'!
They didn't spend time thinking about the UK in the EU (other than using us a base to enter the EU) because they thought about the EU. Now we are out on our own the EU continues to exist. So when we turn up there we aren't turning up there as part of the EU, we turning up there as the UK. And they will get it. What exactly is your point? &gt; Worse case the UK is slightly worse off and doesnt grow as fast. That is the likely economic reality. There will not be some massive long term crash. Hey nice, mind sharing that crystal ball you have with you?
Apparently regardless of what you do the coportations will hurt the poorest employees. So, maybe, fuck the corporations eh.
Well, that's that then I guess. May as well just roll over and play dead eh?
If Sicily, Sardinia, Tuscany, Rome or any other Italian region wished to be independent then yes. If Hawaii, Californina, Texas or any other states wished to be independent, then yes. &gt; Again, you are categorising groups and treating them as if they have their own motives, rather than being composed of people who want different things. No, it is understanding that groups of people will want different things. Either those groups can compromise, or they can simply yell about the majority being right and ignore the minority. What happens in the UK is the latter, regardless of how you wish to frame it.
Yeah, because as we know without corportations there society would just collapse to a pre-historic stage.
Is that the highest level of discource you can manage? A trite 'well you're living in it'? Only going to listen to the Amish if they ever choose to criticize corporations?
I like how you post stupid shit like this and then turn around and post &gt; You have no idea how any of this works, so I'd suggest you stop talking like you do. Without an ounce of irony.
I thought you were down in dem data mines and knew what you were talking about?
I'm a socialist now? Damn. Mined my data in dem data mines have you?
There's nothing to base an argument on. You're so far out of your depths it's actually a bit sad. Your posts generally read like someone who googled data mining, read three lines and formulated an entire world around it.
&gt; due to infrastructure projects What infrastructure projects exactly?
London gets higher public spending but also brings in consideribly more money. The higher spending in London does not really translate to the needs having been met though.
I know. The only point I really disagree on is the idea that London has somehow had amazing infrastructure spending over the years, as opposed to simply having had some infrastructure spending.
&gt; None, because they're ALTS. WoW has NEVER been friendly for people who want to maintain multiple characters at the exact same strength. This is quite untrue. Up until MoP it was quite easy to maintain at least one or two characters in a relatively decent level, especially a couple of weeks into a patch. MoP added an expansion long quest chain that made having to grind it out on all your played characters quite frustrating. WoD continued this. Legion made it worse with the artifact power. However all of them absolutely pale in comparisson to this expansion where you need to keep on top of three different things. And that is ignoring the god awful rep grinds that they've decided they want to lock everything behind.
Are you just bitter that people didn't want to include you in their EU club? Is that what this has been about? Are you hoping that people will magically start feeling 'BRITISH' again (with NI realistically rejoining and Scotland making noise about leaving)?
&gt;So, not a lie. - People just don't want it. It is a lie, this is not what the original referendum was run on. That is what makes it a lie. &gt; So, not a lie. - They are closer to joining than almost any country, and a single change of domestic leadership could put them on fast track course. UK government supports Turkey's ascension, and the EC has called to abolish the veto. About as useful a statement as 'if my grandma had wheels she'd be a bicycle'. It's irrelevent when you continiously base you arguments on anything but reality. That is what makes the vast majority of those claims lies, because there's very little reality in them.
Not like the national governments were actually a part of the EU, no, not at all!.
&gt; But you can’t say both. Only if you understand absolutely no nuance. Brexit was sold as a unicorn. Brexit was sold as many different things. Many of these things were lies or misinformation. Some people do not want CU, some people voted thinking at most we would end up like Norway. Was the campaign run on a 'we will exit completely and diverge' platform? Or was it run by claiming that all things are possible because we are the British? Jesus is that your attempt at an argument? Is this primary school? Bet you can't name 10! There are 7 countries currently attempt to ascend. So your question doesn't even make sense. The vast majority of countries have no wish to join the EU because they aren't near Europe. You may as well have asked is the UK close to joining AFTA?
If the only person you're trying to enlighten is yourself, you might as well not post.
No, that is precisely when the nuance comes in. People don't understand because it was run on lies, misinformation and the supposed existence of unicorns. You are literally proving that you don't seem to understand the topic at hand, or are you simply being dense on purpose. If people beleived that they were voting for the CU because people claimed that was the end goal, only to have it pulled out from the due 'to being BINO', would they have still voted for Brexit? Yeah and my grandmother is two wheels away from being a bicycle. She is by many measures the closest to being a bicycle.
Fishing!
&gt;"My great-grandfather was British, my grandfather was British, my father was British, I'm European". Doesn't quite scan. So yeah, history and tradition. What about my great-grandfather was English, my grandfather was English, my father was English, I'm British? At some point these identities get replaced, it doesn't matter when. &gt; Hmm. America's got to be a special case, hasn't it? India? Hell, even the UK? The Scots have vastly different imaginaries to the English.
Might well be Farage if he gets a backer for it and wants more air time.
Are you talking about events when you say stories? Fall of the Berlin wall? Good Friday Agreement? Fall of the Soviet Union? If not I disagree with that idea, it makes little sense, especially for the common man.
I mean, if we want to completely ignore the Eastern front in the 2nd world war, sure.
Cold War was very much a European thing, so I disagree about it being a German thing. UK might not have felt the effects as much due to internal problems for the vast majority of that time period. We are talking about an extremely short time frame here though. To a certain degree the two World Wars have also helped shape that identity. Almost all big political events that have happened in the past 60-70 years have helped shape that identity and those ties. Large portions of the UK (largely English and Welsh I guess?) wish to ignore that though.
It was very strongly implied that it was going to be the first major patch from what I remember. The priest community was absolutely pissed when they came out with 'we want to save class changes for expansions', because all that really means is that if your class design is awful going into an expansion expect it to remain awful for the life of that expansion.
That is interesting, and we can see how that supposed British identity will slowly take a backseat now.
Do you never get tired of typing out these extremely long winded posts that just illustrate how little you actually understand anything?
&gt;Because as people age they become more conservative, views change. You've managed to mash two different concepts into that and neither one of those correctly. We saw a switch to people voting conservetive as they got older in the previous decades. This is looking increasingly unlikely as the Tories have failed to capture any of the youth. People don't get more conservetive and their views don't really change. The liberal attitudes of the generation become the norm and the following generation becomes more liberal. This is a relative situation.
Mind sharing examples of a few of these drugs? Your co-workers must have given at least one example right?
Oh boi, not like it formed off the back of two world wars or anything. So inefficient that all regions have something similar now. It's insane how inefficient these people are. It's about time the British started showing the world how to be truly efficient!
Damn, boyo, dem datamines are damn good source of information!
The only one that would be missed is MoP.
[Let me guess, you'll now respond with, BUT THAT'S NOT THE EU! IT'S JUST TRADE!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Coal_and_Steel_Community) The EU as it exists today has been a response to the fact that two world wars have started in Europe and the world has changed drastically since then. Here's a literal list of shit you can read to try and understand that the vast majority of trading blocs are moving towards something closer and more like the EU to ensure they have some sort of weight in a world of giants. [You're so ignorant it's just painful to read your shit.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trade_bloc)
Yeah, because countries like India were going to be Hitler's main goal.
Is our Island nation going to be safe from climate migration in your expert view?
I did, it was pure tripe. As is most of the crap you post. It's always the same suspects who make these long fucking posts just illustrating their complete ignorance so proudly.
Not particularly. It had its moments but the vast majority of it was BfA lite in my experience. They just added a lot of QoL changes through the expansion and won people over, probably because they couldn't have two expacs in a row that were gonna be so bad.
&gt; I said "Show me a region with a bloated bureaucracy, nation like institutions and parliament attached to it's trading organisation." I'm not doing your homework for you, you silly boy! If you can't even find one then that is really your own damn problem because googling those words will literally point you to one. &gt; "You are ignorant, go learn about this on wikipedia" is not a debate winner" ;) To have a debate it requires both people to actually be somewhat knowledgable about the topic. You have demonstrated that you are not and have no wish to even get on an even footing. I think my favourite part about this still is your take on the ECSC &gt; The European Coal and Steel Board as it originally was named, definitly wasn't about stopping WW3. Unless you think that France and Germany were about to go to war over coal lol. Even children know this shit.
That is 10bn over the past 4 years. I know 10bn sounds like a massive amount but in the grand scheme of things it's barely a drop in the ocean.
No deal is an independent trade policy.
How does that even work? Who argued that the EU not using pooled money for EU projects is argument to remain?
Mind giving a few examples of these times?
&gt; most of Europe doesn’t have much cultural food. Very curious as to where all you went to make that judgement call.
A lot of places would be better off looking at the treatment of all minorities in their own countries at this moment in time.
So in your mind culture means exotic animals?
That is still worse for us. Stick to your propoganda.
&gt; We have the worst excess death rate in the world, a government that has lost all authority over its healthcare messaging and a looming unemployment crisis as companies get shunted off of relief. &gt; &gt;And yet, America still manages to do worse. &gt; &gt;Thank God for America. Genuinely can't believe there are people out there in the UK who believe we are culturally more in line with the US over places like Germany.
The problem is not that they are endangered but the massive animal cruelty that generally occurs in a lot of these farms as far as I know.
Quelle surprise. The irony of insisting that MPs must return for face to face work while Bojo the Great avoided any confrontation he possibly could.
The same idiots will turn up in other threads and proclaim racism as dead in the UK. It's always the same idiots.
Most cow leather is a byproduct of the meat industry, I'm not sure if you're aware of that or not. That in itself differentiates it from exotic leather in which the animals are farmed purely for the leather.
It actually can. If they focus on his race. Floyd is a topic because of the careless disregard the police had for his life. A massive factor in this was his race. When people sit there and mock his death they are by default attempting to minimise his suffering, his suffering that was caused by his race.
How exactly is re-enacting the death of a person that has led to widespread civil unrest not an attempt to be offensive? What exactly is that line between attempting to be offensive and just silly people doing silly things?
These were 18/19. While not fully developed they should most definitely be at a stage in their life where they know how serious some things can be.
&gt; the silent majority who really decide the outcome of an election have made it abundantly clear that they couldn't give a toss about them Until that silent majority ends up at the bottom with the rest of them.
&gt; Covid19 has a similar mortality to a bad flu season After having had an extensive lockdown to help ease the burden on a healthcare system. A healthcare system that still had to cope by reducing normal functions to a fraction of its normal levels. Sure.
The Netherlands did not have a light lockdown, and a light lockdown is very different to no lockdown. You will find that the vast majority of countries have now removed many restrictions.
Mind pointing out where I argued they should he arrested?
Tin pot democracy. This must all be because we haven't privatised enough.
Well, you see, there are good people on both sides, and one side really needs riot shields and tear gas to deal with the other side.
If only information like this was available somewhere. I guess one day the internet will have such tidbits of information.
Look, you don't actually want to educate the plebs and their sprogs. That is dangerous territory right.
Ah, so you don't just chat shit about British affairs, it's also about world affairs.
Sure as fuck know more than you to not make up random fucking reasons and attempt to use an article that doesn't even talk about the reasons as proof for your bullshit.
Perhaps you should stop spreading misinformation every time you post or stick to your other sub? It has calmed down in sections and it has not calmed down in other sections. It has very little to do the majority of reasons you have posted. The article is proof that they have used a broad title to talk about 4 different cities.
Never underestimate the general population.
Obvious ridiculous hyperbole to be wary of a party that has already shown an inclination to break protocol. Do you ever get bored of blinding yourself to reality?
Mind stating which countries, other than the UK, used Ferguson to react to the pandemic?
They took into account is not the same as 'we have used this, and only this, for our decision making'. It means they factored it in and made the decisions based on their available data. Again, mind naming a few more countries? Thanks.
No, I'm not. I'm asking you who based their response on Ferguson. Taking into account is not basing their response on it. It is what all scientists do, if the data is availble they use it. All you do is post misinformation in regards to how science works. Surely just stick to your other sub?
&gt; She was kind, friendly and highly incompetent! But oh so loyal!
Brexiteers still under the belief that after the incomptency displayed by our government over the past 3 months they are in fact secret geniuses who care about the general population.
I asked for examples of the many many other countries. You managed to drag up a single think tank that misrepresented the situation in the US. You really should just stick to that other sub where critical thought is a dirty little concept.
I have literally quoted what I asked you, such revisionism! Hahah, that was a cute attempt at employing logic
The US protests have highlighted the tendency of the police to escalate to violence in the US. The looting and violence has also been linked to numerous white supremacy groups. Stop framing it as the protests being inherently violent.
Once the vote happened and the tribalistic nature of people came into play it becomes very difficult for anyone actually admit they fucked up by beliving the lies. There is on the other hand a very real chance that had their behaviour been similiar to this prior to the vote it may have swung the other way.
Read the other posts, he conflates the two quite easily despite claiming they should never be conflated. He downvoted the original post because he doesn't want it conflated, yet the original post is about people on facebook bemoaning the violence, the vast majority of which is being carried out by the police on protesters, journalists and innocent bystanders.
When was the last time the social democratic left got into power in the UK?
&gt; The reasonable Hitch of old Never existed. He always had a massive victim complex and had hated the idea of anyone explaining why his rather inane oversimplifications were shit.
Best thing could be an increase in community funding, schooling and increased social mobility. But sure, more minorities in the police is another option.
They go to the privately educated because our public education has been utterly gutted by the same people who managed to use it to get ahead.
Compared to whom exactly?
How else are they going to be maintaining the high quality discussion present on this sub?
What makes you so sure that you belong here? Is it the lack of melanin?
&gt; He's definitely not Joe Biden, who makes Blair practically look like a leftist. Welcome to American politics? The democracts would by and large fall into the Tory party here.
Yeah, and they dealt with food standards as expected until they passed the bill. Have fun. I for one am looking forwards to doctors finally getting paid their real wage.
What was the political gain to dividing the UK, or further diminishing our manufacturing capacities, or ignoring the industries like chemical manufacturing etc? Nothing done so far has granted them any political gain, the only reason they have any political gain is because people don't look at the actions and simply listen to the tripe they peddle out. They said food standards would not be affected, they then proceeded to act contrary to that.
It will not be. Enjoy posting your surprise in a couple of months when that becomes clear. They have put an internal border between NI and the rest of the UK. That does not actually give them political gain. It pushes reuinification. And we see how well Trump is managing, he only managed to go right on ahead and incite massive protests all over the country. Again, those are words, not actions. None of their actual actions give them political gain, the only thing that gives them political gain is people believing their empty words. Furlough was an attempt to have a functioning country after cocking up the initial response.
What sort of a pleb doesn't have a nanny to make them a ham and cheese on the freshest of breads?
Compared to whom? Are you going to use the PISA score to attempt to back up your argument?
Do a McDonalds.
&gt; When a minority of police behave like scum we call it systemic racism. hitch21 managing once again to prove that he enjoys using words that he does not understand.
Well done on missing out on one of the more expensive part of the costs, the labour. Well done on also missing out the really boring costs like th actual delivery that happens three times a week, the waste that comes if food isn't moved fast enough. And well done on managing to underestimate the costs you did get correctly.
It doesn't even make sense though, this isn't about MPs and footballers, this is about the voters and the fans. The fans will happily point out when their team fucked up. The voters have shown they do not want to.
You're also the one who made the claim first, so go right on ahead.
I absolutely love that COTTLE actually has an English webstore, it's such a massive change from the last time Japanese denim became big in the west and people had to jump through hoops to try and find some of it.
A lot of these complaints about how BLM protesters aren't keyed up on the treatment of the Irish might suggest that our history curriculum actually fails in addressing a vast majority of the injustices that have occurred in this country.
Remember everyone, this is the country we want to be close to. Not the EU.
Very realistically, it is. Laws like this are far too late. I do not follow French politics enough to comment on it. The dangers of selling key assets or industries to foreign (and i mean any foreign) buyers hasn't just appeared overnight, it has always been there.
It very well could do, espeically if their school did have indept Cromwell era history taught.
Not if it's a half-assed attempt at framing shit as how bad China is while we continue selling shit to America.
Because people still thought the world revolved around the British Empire.
There is a very genuine delusion among many people in the population that the UK is closer to the US or Canada or Australia simply due to a shared language than it is to Germany or France.
Hard women Priti coming on strong. Lots of braying about mob rule here, quite similar to will of the people isn't it?
Not according to Brexiteers, the immigrants were simply turning up to steal their jobs.
It's amazing seeing all these Brexiteers worried about immigration suddenly fellatiate that idea. Suddenly all the ideas they were very strongly believing in when it comes to a million+ people turning up in the country overnight.
Don't be silly, everyone knows that the REAL commonwealth is Canda, Australia, and NZ.
People won't welcome them, they will say they do now until the reality actually kicks in. But go on, continue living those lies.
Bold of you to claim anyone has simplistic views on the world when all you've managed to do is make a little strawman for yourself to attack.
Yelling out 'no u' isn't a good fucking response Christ.
There has never been a good time in history to be a white, black, brown or w/e colour working class male.
Which small towns and villages?
&gt; we have a generation that's at least partially avoided being dragged into established religions, but has never learned how to be atheist. This is really not as deep as you think. Atheists fall into the groupthink mentality very easily as shown by places like Reddit. Conformity and the need to belong isn't something that turned up with religion.
I am 'fixating' on the quote because that was the only point in your post I bothered to address. The idea of a pure form of atheism completely ignores human nature at the core of it.
What exactly is Labour offering the Scottish people? What exactly can Labour offer theScottish people? Labour simply serves no purpose. The few people who fall into Labour's camp of being broadly left wing and unionist are simply dying out.
Honestly, as someone who has lived in various European countries, the USA ranks very low on the list of countries I'd ever want to move to. I think a lot of people vastly underestimate how much of a real culture shock that the rampant capitalism present in the USA actually is.
This resonates with me so much. I never in my life belived for a second that people would believe that tripe peddled out during that time. To then have people double down when it has become clear that they were sold a load of lies has been so utterly disheartening.
&gt; Your preference for Netflix presumably is because of the content they have, similarly your shopping Tesco is for the greater range of products. So why is the Chinese woman shopping at a Chinese supermarket, that is far more likely to stock the goods that she would like racist in your mind? The Polish person realistically goes to the Polish garage because they like the service and got used to going there after moving here first. Immigrants tend to try and find service providers of a similar background to ease themselves into a new country. Also, who the fuck changes their mechanic after finding a good one?
Watch him take up another cause, maybe actual electoral reform? Although I doubt anyone is going to pay him for that, so maybe not.
How wonderful of you to underplay grooming. A true asset to our nation.
Its brown girl with a funny name that ran off to join ISIS.
I would really like Labour to die so that we get real opposition and electoral change. A broadchurch right wing party seems to work but a broadchurch left wing party simply spends all its time with internal bickering.
I sympathize with a girl that was groomed at a young age and had her life impacted by it Gee, might be because we should aim to be better than Bangladesh.
Define working class person.
Didn't really see any of those posts, did see a lot of those accounts created in April/May 2020 accusing him of being anti-British though.
Pity that the conversation really wasn't about that.
&gt; Labour could take the moral high ground and say "we don't blame the Tories for external factors wrecking the economy, I wish they did the same" Because as shown the voters in this country really enjoy nuanced takes on complicated realities.
Brexit, misguided austerity, our response to the pandemic are all just symptoms of an incompetent ruling class, and make no mistake it is a ruling class.
Labour busy eating itself again. Jesus, how can one political party be this fucking incompetent? I have said this before and I will say it again, Labour needs to die so we finally get a real opposition and electoral reform.
I am not. That letter was the most illthought out thing this side of Brexit. Rather than framing it as an invitation to Priti to actually join in the fucking discussion, because guess what, Priti's defence was based on her having experienced racism herself, certain sections in Labour chose to frame it as a 'stay in your lane' approach. If you think that isn't going to get spun against Labour then I have no idea what you were doing the past four years.
I agree with you that they are rooted in different origins, but ultimately when the caste based system ensures that you marry largely within your caste and particular castes were more prone to have lighter or darker complexions due to lifestyles the two do become intertwined.
I love 2016 talking points, it's always like I've managed to build a time machine.
The point will always be relevant in your head I assume.
One of the few things I could gloat about over my German gf was our much larger B&amp;J selection. Rampant consumerism and capitalism and all that jazz.
Depends on how the government failed. Ours failed at maintaining consitency in their actions which has led to increased complacency among the general population. They also failed at treating the issue as a serious health matter, opting instead to treat it as a PR issue, this will lead to a different section society failing to comply with pesky things such as masks and so forth.
Are you aware that for something to be classified a pandemic certain thresholds need to be met? Or are you too busy regurgitating Trump's tripe to bother figuring out such things?
I thought racism was dead in the UK?
After making no progress for the past 4 years we will magically get a FTA that is great for us in the space of 6 months. Ok. Why even bother posting when you're going to blindly defend w/e tripe is fed to you?
Why are you so proud of your scientific illiteracy?
Your post is bullshit and largely misinformation, you have deluded yourself into thinking something that is complicated is in fact simple. Nothing anyone says will change your view on that matter because you will respond with 'it's not really complicated', when it actually is complicated. I assume you will have a lot of difficulty deciphering the intricacies of this post as well.
So wait, chap goes out to 'protect the statues and heritage' but can't figure out that he's near a memorial and takes a piss next to it? Clearly not very good at doing what he set out to do is he? Should've just stayed home and pissed in the toilet eh?
Wait, did you link to me? Or the dude who responded to me? If it was to me I'd be interested in what was weird about what I said though.
No, it really will not. The left is not a homogenous block of voters to begin with. Certain aspects of the left will be put off because he's not a Corbyn-lite.
Electoral reform so we have some form of PR and not just two broadchurch parties. Actual education reform so the electorate aren't this fucking idiotic, democracy means that the electorate ends up with the politicians they deserve. &gt; I was actually very hopeful that Cummings might have come in a shaken things up to make a more scientifically literate government How exactly? Because he wrote about things he barely understood on his blog? The man was Dunning-Kruger personified.
Cummings himself is scientifically illiterate but insists that he is not, he is in fact politically illiterate aswell and seems to believe that people should be bending over backwards for him. Science is more than simply making the correct signals and ultimately he is not the sole person in charge of these matters. Hell, they have thrown science under the bus every single time it became a hindrance.
Very abrasive to point out that buying into Cumming's delusions will not help give us a better pool of politicians.
I'm genuinely so curious as to how people can't remember that one of the main reasons why the UK ended up in the EEC and eventually the EU was because trade between those countries was not sufficient. Canda falls in the US sphere of influence, Australia falls in the Chinese and US spheres of influence and NZ falls within the Australian, US and Chinese spheres of influence.
I have no idea, but Australia's economy is very highly skewed towards exporting raw materials to China and the USA from what I remember, and very highly skewed to China at that. If anything those countries have fallen further into those particular spheres now. People bring up how we are the 6th biggest economy in the world but seem to fail to grasp that America, China and the EU dwarf everything below them. Australia isn't going to magically be able to replace lost Chinese trade by throw its lot in with a country a fraction of the size.
&gt;In India? Yeah, I agree. In the UK, I'm not so sure. Are you an active member of the Indian community? Feel free to discuss it ith your parents and grandparents if you'd like. Because from personal experience you are vastly underplaying the nationalistc tendencies of British Indians. Nuance and discussion is fine, but the current attempt to remove his statue with no actual discussion other than 'he had bad views' will not sit well.
Ask them how happy they'd be about removing the statue is what I meant. You claimed you doubted it would still poorly with the majority of British Indians.
What's their excuse for having a mod named after a rightwing death squad?
If anything the past few years have shown is just how truly effective free market economics actually is in real life situations.
Happens when they decide to go fuck everything lockdown a couple of million people everytime a cluster pops up. People genuinely underestimate how ruthless the CCP is when it comes to shit like this.
The UK will not end up outside the EU's sphere of influence simply due to the fucking fact that Brexit does not mean a geographical change to the UK. We can suck up to the US all we want but their focus will still be on the countries closest to them when push comes to shove, we will be a distant after thought as shown by the multiple fucking instances where they have utterly fucked us.
Geography still plays a massive factor in the actual trade. You can decimate your own standards in the hopes of enticing far off countries dumping w/e in your country, but that comes with the added cost to your population. Lower food standards and no labelling to allow people to differentiate? That may impact the EU but it impacts the population of the UK far more. Lower worker protections? Impacts the UK population far more. None of these are factors that actually affect the EU as much as they affect the UK. The UK has by and large always supported the US on the international stage, without the UK's place in the EU its support is actually weakened, not strengthened. The EU doesn't need privilaged access to the UK, the EU simply needs access to the UK and guess what? They'll get that. The ERG/Hard Brexit crowd are a bunch of ideologues that give no actual fuck about the general population due to being insulated from any real effects.
&gt;Again, at no point have I said that the UK would need to reduce its standards... &gt; &gt; This isn't about lower standards, it is about potential differences, tariffs, quotas and the ability that the EU has to influence one of the worlds largest economies, and one right on the EU's doorstep. If you are at the top of a rollercoaster there is realstically only one way to, and that is down. Repeatedly stating that you are not talking about reducing any standards just ignores reality. If we are at the top and want to deviate, there is no point going higher, it will be down. &gt; The EU, and US both have some of the highest standards in the world, the bar is reasonably high, but it's not that high. And again, the UK has higher standards than the EU minimums in a number of areas, including food standards (which means that some foods currently produced in the EU and sold in the UK, could not be produced in the UK, and will likely not be able to be sold in the UK after brexit..). There are of course differences in food standards, and different approaches have different issues with different impacts. Lets not pretend that the EU and US are opposite ends of a spectrum, it's false. Who has said they are at opposite ends of the spectrum? Absolutely no one, but to pretend like the US is a step down is delusional. They don't need to be at the opposite ends of the spectrum for massive differences when it comes to things like this, and that is the issue. &gt; No, it didn't. Some of it sure, but it also cost the UK a fair amount (the inability to couple trade to other factors in international matters for example..). The UK saw both benefits and costs from being in the EU in terms of international influence. We joined the EEC in the first place because in the post-WWII world we could not sufficiently grow or recover with what we had. The UK has only seen benefits from being in the EU, the vast majority of supposed negatives are British exceptionalists deluding themselves. &gt; The EU does not have sufficient pull due to its size, because it does not have the relevant competencies, they are fragmented. The EU lacks a coherent foreign policy, it lacks hard power and it massively underperforms in terms of its soft power. The UK on the other hand has generally been quite good in punching above its weight. As shown by the US choosing to call on the EU to support its attempt at a trade war with China? The EU has massive pull, it might not have the sufficient hard power currently needed but it will as the EU army project loses its biggest naysayer. &gt; This would make a lot more sense if the US and EU hadn't also essentially been told by China to piss off. And yes, the EU may reach its potential if there is more integration, but it should be obvious that that integration would be absolutely impossible with the UK inside the EU, and arguably is still impossible because of objections from other member states. We are already seeing it. The joint response to the Coronavirus recovery plan should be a warning sign for anyone genuinely believing that the EU will not intergrate further to protect itself against the US and China. &gt; I'm arguing that the EU will have less influence without a trade deal, and that without that influence, the UK is likely to move away from the EU in significant areas, which will weaken the EU (doubly so if the UK stands with other groupings of countries on a given issue). The UK can attempt to, the UK can decimate its interal market in an attempt to cozy up to the US, but ultimately as the EU is the largest single market on the planet right now and that will impact our decisions regardless of what we would like. The size and strength of the EUs single market means that by default we will eventually want to allign, as shown by many many other countries around the world, so their loss of influnece will be shortlived and EU politicians are anything but hasty.
You are not. You are stating what happens now and claiming it is an explanation, it is not.
&gt; A UK government spokesperson said: “The UK is no longer part of the EU, and therefore we would not expect to be included in a map representing member states. What an utter joke. 5 years to piss everything down the drain with the Tories on inane idealogical purity. Would love to see the mental gymnastics required to defend this.
Shall we go back and show the Indians how to thrive?
Just go to reveddit and punch his name in, see what has been removed and you can extrapolate for the most part.
I messaged them on IG curious about their European stockists, they were really quick to respond and really helpful. Definitely hoping I can find some of their camp collar shirts here.
He's saying that when the vast majority of experts are against the action it generally means that it is the wrong course.
He mentioned Browns will stock some of their stuff this summer but that is all so far.
Welcome to reality.
Should maybe read up on some history if you are that confused really.
The comment was being sarcastic because rather than actually prioritising our actions we are attempting to overwrite reality with PR soundbites. A trade deal with NZ sounds amazing until you realise that its smaller than one of the weaker EU countries.
Gee wizz if you are struggling that bad maybe reading up the wiki articles will help you eh
Political editor of The Spectator, what else are you expecting really?
It was quite clear to everyone apart from you from the looks of it. Not everything needs a person's brain to be picked apart.
Why didn't you all just feck off and live somewhere else before?
Why is it that in Brexiteer minds trade and politics occurs a complete vacuum to each other?
Hence the "apart from you".
Yes, getting there. Well done.
You do realise that the majority of clothing shops had their onlij shops still open right?
Stop, I'm drowning in the irony.
Not like Trump is the one actually doing the deals.
&gt;This makes no sense; the whole point of science is its disregard for ethnic and cultural diversity. Unless ofcourse you want to look at something pesky, like the medical sciences.
I think people are in for a shock if people genuinely believe that our politicians won't inflict serious self-harm purely for some more years of power.
&gt; their colors for certain products are whack (how many products are you going to offer in mustard orange or some weird maroon before you realize people don't want that?) They have always offered seasonal colours. This is nothing new. I guess what has changed is the number of seasonal colours you actually like. Also, people obviously want them which is why they keep offering them.
&gt; Hopefully it leads to many people realising they can get by with less Less what exactly?
Are you aware that housework actually has a set definition and it's not going to include the big DIY projects? [1](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/housework) [2](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/housework)
So this all based on some fantasy of yours and nothing even remotely concrete?
MMust be tiresome needing to constantly twist and turn when reality does not meet your agenda. If women are expected to cook, clean and keep the house tidy every single day how many maintanence projects does a man need to do before the hours break even over a lifetime?
Maybe you should read what the actual converstaion is about. I'm not making the claim that women do all the housework, I'm curious as to how the original poster squares that circle in his head.
It is not being recognised because that is not the actual definition being used because that has never been the definition. &gt; What about doing the majority of the driving and car maintenance? Do women not drive? Do garages not exist? What the fuck is this? You are simply throwing in more things into the mix. Do contractors not exist for the vast majority of these DIY projects?
&gt; Do men not clean and take care of kids? That is what is being addressed in conversations like this. Well done. &gt; Do housekeepers and childcare professionals not exist? As we all know taking a car to a garage is on the same level as hiring a regular housekeeper for majority of society right?
You brought that up all by yourself and are now outrage when I point out that it's not the same? The horror. You are getting very outraged over my supposed defence of this article when what I wished to point out is that housework actually had a set definition, so the outrage of how men that do maintainence don't get include is laughable.
&gt; Yes I am. Because my whole argument is that this whole topic is poorly defined A defined topic is poorly defined because it does not include the infrequent events that may occur? In a year how many times have you been required to do maintainence on the house?
Perhaps you really should work on your reading comprehension then?
You mean like the definitions I linked at the very start of this? Maybe you really should have gone back to read the actual discussion eh?
You want me to justify a position I have never held or stated? Right.
You cleary don't but go wild.
&gt; It is poorly defined because it draws an arbitrary distinction (i.e. we are including tasks A, B and C, but not X, Y and Z) Because of the frequency of the tasks. If maintainence tasks were as regular as cleaning, cooking etc they too would be included in the definition of housework, they are not. If you kept a housekeeper would you be expecting her to do the maintainence? Or perhaps the DIY tasks? &gt;The important thing is that we both recognise that the other makes a roughly equal contribution overall, even if it manifests in different areas. That is great and healthy. In your relationship your wife may answer that these things are split 50/50. What about in realtionships where the man is not handy? Are all men equally handy? Do all houses need the same level of maintainence? Do all wives want DIY projects?
Perhaps you should go read the actual discussion?
&gt; People interpret housework to mean the day to day running of a household That right there is where I implied a majority. This is further evidenced by me linking dictionary defintions at the start of this conversation. Have a great day.
It is not as arbitrary as you are making it out to be. Irregular events are hard to control. Maybe couple A's house requires 6 maintainece events in a year and couple B's requires none. Maybe couple A got contractors for all of them, maybe couple B opts to do it by themself if those events ever turn up. Things such as cleaning, cooking, laundering must get done by someone regularly as per societal expectations, and in the vast majority of the west world it is going to be getting done by someone living in the house (i.e. one of the couple). I'm very curious as why you decided to go with driving. Do you feel it's unfair that men drive more? Do you wish for more women to drive?
LD are the only real choice since they are the only ones that have consistenly voiced support and attempted to bring about electoral reform.
He means a couple of sites that don't have a bit following outside of the US changing shit to meet EU guidelines.
Because once meat and fish are removed the only options are high carb and sugar foods?
&gt; which is hard for me to say because i love story so much Hahah, the first time I showed my gf story she said they all looked like upper middle classs higher schoolers who had found themselves in South Asia, which is fair. In all fairness I think wearing full 18east, Story MFG or anything like them rarely works outside of lookbooks.
&gt; I’m not what’s going on at their end They aren't American. They aren't going to be exposed to the same cultural shit that Americans are. It's a little bit baffling that people seem to be missing this rather simple fact.
And that is 81% not ashamed of it?
You are welcome to that attitude but ultimately it's a lot better to realise that not every country has the same cultural attitudes as America because they don't have the same history. Rather than getting outraged at how they shouldn't doing it you are better served by simply not buying any of their stuff.
&gt; “The door is open, there’s no need to choose between Erasmus+ and a national mobility program. Nobody expects Germany to choose between Erasmus and the DAAD \[the German Academic Exchange Service\],” he said. That would imply a government that actually gave a fuck beyond spewing out PR soundbites. Go spend a semester in India, on your own dime, because the British government is not gonna give you fuck all.
That's absurd to you because of the bubble you live in. We are all in bubbles of our own making on the internet, it's silly to think otherwise. Even million dollar companies. Actually if you'll go back and read you started off this discussion by expressing bewilderment at how a Japanese company hasn't just keyed in on the use of NA imagery. I answered massive cultural differences. This seems to confused you and made you think I'm excusing their choices, when I was pointing out why it happened. Maybe this topic isn't really for you if you are feeling berated and attacked because I pointed out life is different in different continents and cultures? Could you point out where I told you not to care? You can do whatever you want with your time. What a calm collected talk this has been.
Don't worry, you can get a real British one to China/India/Brazil with your blue/black passport.
Again point out where I said you shouldn't care? In fact I told you to take actual action instead of resorting to this slacktivism if you do care. I pointed out why the concept of cultural appropriation may not be overly common in Japan while pointing out the open racism present in Japanese culture. This entire discussion has been you fighting furiously against a strawman of your own construction. At some point in your life you may come to the realisation that people who point out nuance aren't actually against you.
Okay. Glad to see you could point out where I told you not to care though.
Okay.
Do you need a hand with realising that I haven't set any goalposts in the first place?
Who? The northern ones?
It is absolutely absurd that anyone at all can defend this travesty as democracy. Well this country gets the shit they vote for I guess.
Really, the boomers had the generation above them banging on about the dangers of populism and it has not helped at all. If anything it seems to have convinced that generation that they aren't actually voting for populists, but for mavericks who are telling it like it is.
Gee, how about some actual progress in our political system and aim for PR and something absolutely crazy like federalisation which would stop Westminster being so English dominant eh? Nah, surely the only option is to make scottish votes be worth more?
Should you be posting on a political subreddit with your rather poor reading comprehension abilities?
&gt; People laughed at the Euro Tunnel. Mind linking some of that proof ya have? Euro tunnel faced a bunch of fear mongering on the UK side. &gt; They need to go big if they're going to do it. Otherwise what's the point. Boris, make sure Cummings knows you're on here.
Oof, forgot Mr. Porter actually had a US specific site and got very excited for about 5 minutes.
Spending money on your healthcare most definitely can generate great long term returns. It's absurd to throw that in with tax cuts and vanity projects.
Are we going to pretend like India does not/did not have a lockdown? India is just a massive country with a very big rich/poor divide and diseases like this are very easily going to rip through their poor populations regardless of lockdowns.
Sweden, Norway (not in the EU but has FOM), Germany are all relatively strong choices. Learning any of those languages makes the other two a lot easier. Don't listen to the dude talking about how FoM means unskilled labour is impossible. That is not how any of this works.
You are unfortunately discussing this with a literal 16 year old from the looks of it.
&gt; There are so many people in this country with the skills to work on their own construction projects but can't do much because of draconian regulations. And there are a great many people who delude themselves into thinking they have the required skills but lack them. My parents are still fixing up the random DIY jobs the previous owners did on the house.
How is a person going to build a house without the land? What?
Define the working class.
And what do we give them in return for keeping gin prices the same?
How long do to think a person can do solitary confinement without permanent damage to their psyche?
Its all Labour's fault!
It probably has something to do with the top institution actually understanding the context and meanings of those statements.
So after two entire election cycles of Labour being haunted by anti-semitism spectres you're wondering if shutting down this shit before it gets off the ground is 'proportionate'?
Intervene? How would he like society to intervene? Maybe by having stronger social support programs for women, single parents and children? That would require a government that gave a fuck about its people. Or does he just mean taking the kids away and putting them in the system? I remember a few months ago reports coming out about how youth services had been cut nationwide over the past decade. Many people on this sub-reddit mocked the idea that youth services prevented children heading down these paths, a favourite of mine being multiple posters who attempted to downplay the idea by claiming that it's not for the lack of pool halls that these kids are out stabbing eachother or falling in with the wrong crowds, apparently completely missing the point. A society that has constantly voted in a party that has been very happy to cut all such services should not be surprised when the youth start forming their own narratives.
&gt; So not ours then The fucking irony. &gt; 2016 Ref A travesty of direct democracy. No minimum turn out requirement, no minimum % requirement, no checks on the lies and half-truths peddled. An advisory ref that was viewed as binding, but had it actually been a binding ref it would have been ruled illegal. 52 - 48, fucking joke. &gt; 2017 GE; 2019 GE FPTP is anything but democratic in the modern world. Campaigns run on half-truths and misinformation. As the 2019 GE has shown once in power there are no checks or balances placed on the governing party other than the ones they choose to accept. Only a fool chooses to blind themselves to the reality of our country.
This is what you voted for, own it.
Yes all those constant hung parliaments across the world in countries that have PR.
It won't ever be our choice but you will be too dull to ever notice.
50 jobs here, 60 jobs there. Lower income in the region. Other jobs that rely on businesses like this may shutter over time. And you will still be on Reddit insisting that everything is great.
&gt; Southern Ireland What? Do more. Or is a butchering of Belgium's history the best you can do? Why don't we talk about the rise of populism in the countries that have insisted on hanging on to the relic that is FPTP.
Must be hard to figure out what butchering means eh. Populism in non FPTP countries is talked about. Maybe you should actually read the news once in a while eh? The difference is they don't end up in power due to infighting in their broadchurch parties. Yes because we all know that the average man is wellversed in the actual intricacies of politics and aren't just reactionary. What else could a country hope for other than reactionary politics?
That is a nice little strawman attempt. So what you're saying is that the majority of the population actually understands enough about both national and international poltics as well as the limitations so we should have direct democracy for all decisions right?
Revive them. Let the voters get the representation they deserve.
It clearly isn't. All that has happened is that the tiny lunatic votes have caused a massive shift in actual public policy.
&gt; A well written article Mind pointing out the parts you thought were particularly well written? &gt; Instead, it was the death of a black career criminal during the course of his arrest that prompted protesters to break the lockdown rules, vandalise historical monuments, tear down statues and attack the police during their “largely peaceful” protests. Is it this paragraph where she underplays/dismisses George Floyd's attempts at bettering himself by dismissing him as a career criminal? Is it the part where either purposefully misconstrues the nature of the crime, the dispropotionate use of force and callous indifference of the police officers involved? &gt; Thus the world was confidently assured by two young black women who organised the London riots that British police are more of a threat to black lives than the coronavirus. Or is it this paragraph where she actively lies and calls the protests a riot? Or is it the general article itself where she cannot seem to figure out how to address and differentiate the UK BLM movement from the US BLM movement? Or is it just well written for you because it feeds into your narrow understanding of the world?
&gt; and it's a lot of people's first impession of the city too as it sits between the train station and the city centre. Allders closing down in Croydon and becoming a werid outlet store has been such a depressing sight to be greeted with when you walk into the highstreet. Now it sits closed down in a mall that is half-empty because the rents are far too high.
Not like the industry accounts for approximately 7% of our manufacturing or anything and has ties with almost every other industry out there. Absolute muppets.
You want to use my examples as examples of the article being well written? Ok.
What are you actually interested in? If you like normal well fitting clothes do you need people to tell you to wear normal well fitting clothes?
Because ultimately those categories aren't reallly 'fashion'. Even when slim-fit was the vogue your categories wouldn't have really been effective to find inspiration once you went past the most basic levels. Would you have liked the Americana-workwear chic that was going on? Or perhaps the SLP inspired Rock chic? Or would it have been more prep? From the sounds of it you do seem to like something a bit more prep. Fashion does start with finding something that fits you well, mostly because most people need to know the rules before they can break them. But what happens once you have something well-fitting? What exactly is modern? Most of the things you see are modern, even the most vintage things you see are 'modern' in a sense. Even a piece that takes inspiration from workwear from the 40s it is modern because it very rarely a 1:1 replication, it has been modernised.
I normally wait for sales and miss out on half the things I would like. I probably buy like two or three items a year, so a monthly breakdown is damn near impossible.
A simple denim jacket may work better. The shirt has a very weird patterned loudness to it, it doesn't really look like it would mesh too well with an overly heavy top.
Colourism is a massive issue in Asia. Are you arguing that these companies should be targetting that market for discrimination?
&gt; I can't accept the premise that a left-wing party has no chance of winning. You don't have to accept the premise, accept the reality. The left-wing party of your dreams has no chance of winning while the media exists in its current form.
It's not the West telling the Asian countries what their beauty standards should be, the push against colourism in places like India started IN those countries years ago. A massive part of fighting against it is the removal of shit like whitening and fairness on the packaging, if you remove that then what exactly are people buying these products for?
&gt; Having acted as the generous economic dove of spring, it is now, sadly, on course to be the tax-raising fiscal hawk of autumn and is in danger of losing sight of its overarching responsibility as a powerful force in economic government and not just a bookkeeping finance department. This is a pretty good way of putting it. This sub has some pretty adamant believers that Sunak is a genius and leader in making for having handed out 'free money' to keep the country afloat, yet little has actually been done to handle the actual fallout. They have 'promised' there won't be an austerity 2.0 and so far all they have are those words and no actions.
Can't have the same austerity, not like we can cut the same things as 10 years ago because in many places those things simply don't exist anymore.
&gt; I fail to see what GB's (and in fact, Labour's) point is on this though? They want us to keep the full furlough scheme going, paying billions for jobs that might not even exist once the covid crisis is done? And yet you manage to argue out their exact point? That furlough by itself will do nothing. You need a recovery scheme, and that is something that government is failing at. It has been 4 months now, it is pathetic that we have no concrete plans yet. Has the American unemployment scheme shown people having an increased incentive to prepare themselves and retrain or look for new jobs? What is your weird obsession with restraunts by the way? They are very much an industry that is going to survive in shape or form.
&gt; I'm arguing it should be scrapped entirely with immediate effect. Aside from the massive shock, but sure. The point of the fulough scheme was to allow for a recovery plan to be put into place. They have failed because in the three months we have had nothing other than offer paltry soundbites. &gt; I think criticising them for a policy they're yet to even announce is a bit stupid. The criticism is that as with everything regarding this crisis the government opts to treat it as a weird PR stunt. The re-opening of the economy has been an utter shitshow with little to no regards for reality and instead choosing to announce changes as distractions for their multiple scandals. &gt; I've no idea but I think it's pretty self evident that if you've fired rather than furloughed you'll be far less likely to spend lockdown making tiktok videos and instead actually do something productive. So you have absolutely no idea but are very convinced that all the people that got furloughed managed to do was make tik-tok videos. Seems a lot like you're speaking from your personal experience. &gt; What is your weird obsession with trying to paint me as having an obsession with restaurants? Ok &gt; Furlough scheme means paying waiters and air stewards 80% of their salaries when many of them evidently arent going to have a job to go back to. &gt; &gt; use the cash to properly lend to appropriate businesses with a good chance of post Covid survival (not restaurants) Ok. I can now see why you are struggling to understand the arguments put forth by Brown in this extremely complicated article.
[Like this?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Closer_Economic_Relations)
When NZ breaks off from their trading partners and wishes to become global trade buccaneers (loooo) you may have a small argument there.
&gt; Which parts of the negotiation have been pathetic? &gt; &gt; The bit where he stuck to his negotiating mandate? I especially liked the tantrums that we are being treated like a 3rd country after demanding that. I also loved the argument 'precedence', a concept that has absolutely no bearing in things such as trade agreements being wheeled out in an attempt to make the EU seem bad to our population. &gt; However I think the rest of your reasoning is due to not liking Brexit and the Tories. It has a lot to do with an incompetent government riddled with yes men being led by a person that personifies the idea of Dunning-Kruger that has now started to place yes men in positions that should not have yes men. Their anger at the civil service stems from their inability to rewrite reality.
&gt; Listen lad, being a condescending prick is a bad look at the best of times. It's especially idiotic when you're flat out wrong. Jesus, how are you not drowning in the irony? &gt; Oh, ok then. So the SNP is also breaking up the union then, and also a target of your ire? Congrats, that is the purpose of the SNP. What ire? I have no ire over the UK being broken up, it is what the Brexiteers want after all and we all know the Brexiteers get what they want. &gt; Yes, a shared history. Much of it full of war. Welcome to Earth. The vast majority of history is full of war. Better break up England, you'll find that the vast majority of our common history is full of war as well. &gt; Culture? To a degree, yes. But I'd argue that the Anglosphere is easily distinguishable from the continent. It's not. The only people that argue this are people who have never travelled. &gt; Linguistic **roots**? Yes. Language? No. You will find that the language has changed even in Anglosphere countries, have fun with that. &gt; To try to argue that the EU is comparable to an NZ/Aus agreement is ridiculous. I mean for one thing, both countries follow English common law. That alone makes the situation vastly more favourable than the UK's involvement in the EU. Hence why the EU has a legal apparatus that deals with points of contention. Hell, by that logic now that we have the EU legal system up and running it's vastly more favourable to remain involved in the EU. Here are a few more favourable reasons to get invovled in the EU, geography, a common shared modern history and my favourite one reality.
&gt; The modern left pretends to be working class but they're actually just a bunch of woke college students and millenials. And those are all mutally exclusive right?
And Brexit is going to be a fast process to better paid jobs and less competition?
&gt; Follow Japan's example, stop letting people in, let the population stabilise Fun way of saying have an extremely top heavy population with a non-existent birth rate that has been causing problems for them and is a ticking time bomb. &gt; I'd also remind you that we have to import more than 1/3 of our food. Yes, and you will need to continue doing so. The UK has been dependent on imported food for far longer than you seem to realise.
&gt; Your entire theory is that we need to import food because we are "too greedy" No it's not. It was really not that hard to realise that those are two seperate issues. We import food because the country isn't capable of self-sufficiency and it hasn't been. There isn't a problem with growing food on a worldwide scale, the issue is distribution. &gt; Why can't you understand that??? It's so simple. It's not. That's your problem, thinking a complex matter is simple.
&gt;I believe this comment chain started with me talking about Britain's food security And you got that wrong to begin with. There is no discussion to be had when you start with an incorrect premise. &gt;Doesn't matter how complex a problem is, it can always be broken down into first principles. A jet engine, a computer, a factory, a supply chain etc. they are complicated but they are also made up of discrete components that can be understood at the base level. Understanding things at the base level is irrelevent if you cannot transfer that knowledge to a the next level.
Your premise is wrong. Have fun.
The government is only capable of attempting PR stunts.
What was the sub? I had never heard of it prior to this.
&gt; I'm very sceptical of these "cultural differences" arguments The real cultural differences is the fact our government has shown itself to be incompetent and untrustworthy making any action incredibly difficult. If the population does not trust the government any action they take will be met with outright skepticism and refusal to comply. The government treated the crisis as a PR crisis but failed at that as well.
&gt; institutional ideological opposition to Brexit? Yeah, it's called reality.
Look, it's unfair that the EU can just send things like questionaires over and expect our government to answer them. Do they know that we are a soverign free country now?
In the olden days you had to use physical dictionaries to find out the definitions but since we are on the internet you can just go right ahead and google that word if you're confused by that.
If you feel that victimised because your bullshit gets called out then maybe it's time for some good old fashioned introspection.
Nothing actually uncomfortable about it, it's just an inane question. Were the Nazis intolerant in your view?
Doding the uncomfortable question, hitch?
&gt;yourself why you are afraid of people saying what they actually think I'm not, feel free to say whatever you want to. You don't because you're scared of the consequences. You have convinced yourself that free speech is a synoym for 'consequence free', and it has never been. &gt; Maybe you should have the introspection on why children can say 'sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me' And reality shows that words have a massive impact on a child's developing psyche. So, not a great example there is it. &gt;kertowed by the morality police Kowtowed?
You want federalisation. Congrats you voted in the one party that gives no fucks about that.
NI would no longer exist and would rejoin Ireland. Scotland would aim to join the EU. Fuck knows what Wales would aim to do. But in any case England would realistically be surrounded by EU on all sides now.
So England wants no deal eh? No deal with the EU, no deal with Scotland, no deal everywhere?
So Scotland rejoins a market magnitudes larger than England and they're the ones in trouble? Ok.
Because trade can't be rerouted? Damn. Better ring up the government quick.
Yeh make sure you tell the government that.
No I don't. I'm quite certain the increased cost will be offset by unfettered access and the protection of a much larger market than the one they just left.
Because England had unfettered acess as well, there was no need for it to change anything. This seems to be a very difficult topic for you.
And the whiskey, the seafood, the oil and gas etc etc etc. And of course, they can take the Irn Bru as well.
