“We’ve seen a decline in your work.”
It was also the infamous show where Hogan tried to murder Warrior on live television.
It’s funny you say that because a few years ago they scheduled the Rumble on the same night as one of the final NFL playoff games. They didn’t change it until PWInsider wrote a column about it, pointing it out to them.
That’s quite the microphone.
I don’t think poor sales is the main reason — it’s the “Wild Card” thing. These are Smackdown shows, and they’ve been taking the top names and using them on Raw.
Have you tried putting it in DFU mode?
It’s so him.
Good point. I’ll never forget how WCW security brought every fan who threw trash backstage for a polite talking-to from Scott Steiner.
I’m going to disagree with you on the spitting thing. Getting up in a fan’s face is fine. Poking a finger in his chest is also fine. Facepalming is maybe a bit too far, but also possibly fine. Spitting? Yeah...no. That’s way, way past the line. I have no doubt if a fan spit on a wrestler at any show, it would be a major issue and that fan would be kicked out. And if it happened in ROH, they’d probably drag you backstage and have Bully Ray pull out your fingernails with a pair of pliers.
There sure were a lot of people who saw a plane. And a whole lot of plane debris. Maybe the missile was plane-shaped and stuffed with plane parts.
You should’ve told him you already sent them.
I don’t buy that. As far as I know, wrestlers have never had cars placement or anything else of that nature included in a contract. They get a downside guarantee, a percentage of merchandise sales, and payments for shows, which tend to be decided arbitrarily depending on their perceived importance on the show. It’s why you hear stories from people like Jericho where he went and yelled at JR because his payday for a PPV wasn’t what he thought it should be.
You haven’t see his promos outside, or any? Because pretty much anyone with the smallest bit of relent is going to cut a better promo when they’re away from the herd of writers and memorized promos that WWE forces on everyone.
Right. It’s typically not to “hide” anything at all. It used to be called “cinema verite,” replicating what it would look like if it was an actual documentary— where the person operating the camera didn’t know what was going to happen next, and was moving it around to catch up.
Come on now. Let’s talk about WWE first here. They entered the deal for one reason, and one reason only: money. Vince isn’t in this to change the country’s culture in the least. He wanted their money. Period. All the propaganda they pushed for the first show — the “look at how progressive this place is, women can drive now” stuff was because they were being told to push it. I can promise you, if there’s a women’s match, it’ll happen because the people paying for the show want it to happen. There’s no behind the scenes negotiations where Vince is sitting in a conference room, working hard to convince them to let it go on. They signed the deal at a time before the country killed a journalist — at a time before criticism of Saudi Arabia had reached a fever pitch. They thought they could get away with it, and presumably also thought they could benefit in the public eye by pushing the “They’re progressive, and we are too!” stuff. As for Saudi Arabia, there are many, many good people there. But their government is assuredly not. It’s extremely oppressive and violent towards its own citizens, thanks in part to an extreme version of Islam called “Wahhabism.” The country is also involved in actions that are slaughtering innocent children in Yemen. Also: Get out of here with the “You think the US is so innocent?” bullshit. It’s straight up “Whataboutism,” which is an old Soviet propaganda technique — They would say things like “What about the US? They had slavery, so don’t point fingers at what we’re doing!” Yes, the United States is hardly above blame in many things — but don’t start trying to compare two separate issues here, or make it seem like anyone from America has no right to criticize what’s going on in Saudi Arabia. It’s a completely reductive argument. Address the actual issues instead of attacking those who are bringing them up. You’re entitled to your opinions, but I say this with no sarcasm whatsoever: I think you should do some reading. Educate yourself a bit on Saudi Arabia, and add it to what you know about WWE. They’re *not* trying to enact social change. They want to make money — and that’s their job. They have stockholders to please.
I mean... To be fair, none of those people bought tickets to see the show. I get where you’re coming from, but I don’t think it’s too much to ask a crowd not to chant cuss words or flip off the camera when they get in for free.
I don’t even know what he’s doing there. ROH became popular because of its focus on in-ring work, not characters.
It’s pretty much the way things have always worked. I’m not saying it’s fair, but it’s not like it started recently — nor is it a thing Vince came up with.
I don’t know why you got downvoted. The tables are rarely cut, because they don’t have to be. They’re very careful with the types of tables they buy. Fit Finlay almost lost his leg after getting whipped into the wrong type that was set up in the corner at a WCW house show.
No one paid to get in. That’s why half the crowd was park attendees who just went to get out of the heat.
Not everyone from Saudi Arabia automatically hates someone who’s Jewish. There’s plenty of everyday regular people there.
Pretty sure one of the big draws of having a private jet is there’s plenty of room to stretch out and sleep.
Totally agree. It’s disrespectful to Goldberg, and disrespectful to Goldberg’s fans.
I take it you didn’t see what he was saying after this...
I think that has more to do with only “approved” people sitting on the floor — something along the lines of dignitaries and their families.
Well...yes. I think they would be concerned about the negative press. That kind of goes without saying.
I thought the same thing. It’d be a good way to get this out there.
This is called a “matatu.” Tons of people use them to get around. The owners try to decorate them as elaborately as possible, to draw attention and attract riders. Some are decorated on the inside as well, with lights and TV screens — and the obligatory loud music.
Not just that — the “inventor dad” was common in the “adventuring kids” movies from the 80s, like Gremlins and The Goonies.
“They’re just happy to be here! They’re living their childhood dreams!”
I just want to point out how professional the ref is here. He’s paying close attention to what’s going on, and immediately drops down to check on her.
You don’t need me for that. Just breathe it in. The future is all around us.
Part of the issue is that wresting doesn’t *need* to have simple stories. Most people who watch wrestling pay very close attention and obsess over every little detail. There’s some who even notice when a .03 second clip has been switched in the intro to the shows. And if we can learn anything from the huge success of the Marvel movies, it’s that audiences appreciate it when you reward them for paying attention. The tiniest little reference to a scene from 10 movies ago is going to get cheers. But here we are in the current state of WWE, where things that happened a week before are just cast aside and discarded, which is going to have the opposite effect. If the people running the company aren’t paying attention, why should we?
They *just* shuffled the deck. The problem is that with the wildcard thing, they’ve got the same group of people on both shows, taking away time from everyone else. And the reason the wildcard exists is because NBC was upset that Roman was moved off of Raw, because there’s such a lack of top stars. And you’re totally right about how title shots are earned. Apparently you don’t need to win Money in the Bank, or anything else — you just need to attack the champion and you get a match. Or two or three.
What’re you talking about? We have HEAVY MACHINERY
He’s *supposed* to come off like that. He’s arrogant and disingenuous. I think you’re just interpreting “he’s phony” as “he’s playing a character.”
I always felt having two “main” champions lessens the achievement and importance of winning one.
There’s no video game with more sounds I’ve heard in other places than Doom. Fireballs flying by, doors opening...and on and on.
That’s literally what they are. One rhino horn can result in more money than one person can make in a year. Factor in that many were chased off of ancestral lands that have now been sold off, and it makes sense. Read the actual article. It’s all in there. If you really want to point fingers, point them at the people who pay for these horns.
If you want to blame someone, blame the people paying for these horns. The poachers are often extremely poor. They can make more off of one horn than they can in an entire year. Additionally, many of them were chased off land which was sold to the wealthy. Edit: There’s a lot of people here cheering for these deaths, none of whom seemed to have actually read the article. Here’s a relevant bit: &gt; “Selling a single horn can exceed the yearly income of most rural people,” Dr. Hübschle said. &gt; The Eastern Cape is South Africa’s poorest province, with a gross domestic product of less than $3,700 per capita. The unemployment rate here, including people who have given up looking for work, exceeds 45 percent, significantly higher than the national average. &gt; “Behind poaching there’s a bigger story of structural inequality,” Dr. Hübschle said. “People were chased off their land during colonialism and apartheid, losing their customary hunting rights and tenure. Today, many local communities experience some trickle-down from poaching, while attitudes are generally negative towards private game owners and protected areas.”
I never said they were unemployed. Just that poaching can be extremely lucrative. From the article: &gt; “Selling a single horn can exceed the yearly income of most rural people,” Dr. Hübschle said. &gt; The Eastern Cape is South Africa’s poorest province, with a gross domestic product of less than $3,700 per capita. The unemployment rate here, including people who have given up looking for work, exceeds 45 percent, significantly higher than the national average. &gt; “Behind poaching there’s a bigger story of structural inequality,” Dr. Hübschle said. “People were chased off their land during colonialism and apartheid, losing their customary hunting rights and tenure. Today, many local communities experience some trickle-down from poaching, while attitudes are generally negative towards private game owners and protected areas.” But go ahead, just blame the poachers. Apparently it’s extremely simple, and not a complex issue at all.
This article is about South Africa, not Cambodia.
There were plenty of people who thought Tarkin in Rogue One was a real person.
You’re assuming that the majority of people notice or care where information is coming from. After Super Showdown, someone made a text post stating that people backstage were concerned about Goldberg while he was walking to the ring. It stated that staff had pulled him aside and attempted to check to see if he had a concussion, including shining a light in his eyes, and decided to let him go out and compete. This post was made by an account that had never posted anything before. It got voted straight to the top, and the overwhelming majority of comments were discussing it as though it was confirmed fact. You had to scroll quite a ways down to see anyone even questioning the source.
*chock full
Looks like Bubba was on his way out to give Bo a talking to about being respectful.
Please submit your best drawings here.
https://youtu.be/rlrNKl4n8HI
I guess that explains why he did an especially devastating one last week...
This is what people always say — but it shouldn’t be the job of the customers to police the theaters. The theaters can afford to have one person on staff who does this. They can come in quietly, stand over on the side for five minutes, then move on to the next theater. The customers are paying to watch the movie. Not to tell other customers to be quiet.
How many kids do they have between them now? Maybe they can all run their own three hours shows and feud with each other.
Everything runs its course when you don’t do anything with it aside from just having a guy show up and have matches.
*brogue
Well I don’t know what you expect from a guy who set up his office in Ten Forward.
Did you read the article? Kennedy put her there.
I’m not really sure what the alternative is. Should people go there and just see the beach, or go and have some idea of how part of the population lives? I get that the guide doing things like taking them places without asking permission isn’t good, but I do see that there can be some benefit from having people visit, learn, and take pictures to share with people back home.
Don’t forget the giant spiders.
Allamaraine
It’s “populace.” And I suggest you go buy yourself a globe. It’ll show you how Africa is really big, with lots of different countries.
Not sure why you got downvoted here. They weren’t just extensive reshoots — the reshoots didn’t involve the original director.
Right. Because for the most part, the actual wrestling journalists aren’t putting their content out for free. It’s their full-time job and they need to make money off it it — whether it’s from ads or subscriptions. But there’s a lot of people who don’t like that. So what we see here tends to be links to ripoff sites “rewording” news items, or people summarizing and posting them as text. Honestly it’s surprising that there aren’t more incidents of people getting bad information.
I think the most obvious thing to me is reusing models from the movies on TNG. It’s why every other ship they rendezvous with just happens to be Excelsior Class. They loved that model so much that when they used it for the Enterprise B in Generations, they added a little bulge to the front that they could damage without hurting the model.
Virtually *all* of Vince’s big stars made their names somewhere else. Hogan, Savage, DiBiase, Jake Roberts...hell, even Mean Gene. Yet we always get the “WCW stole everyone Vince made famous and that’s why they were beating him” narrative.
Keep in mind that “traveling all over the world” isn’t necessarily a great thing when you’re wrestling. It’s not like they’re out sightseeing and visiting amazing places. For the most part they see planes, airports, rental cars and hotels. That’s it. They have very little free time on the road.
I think part of it is that some people are being counted more than once, because they had multiple browsers open while waiting in line.
The TNG episode “Power Play” would be one. Same goes for the episode where Geordi is brainwashed by Romulans. And depending on how you interpret it, “Conundrum,” where most of the crew’s memories are wiped.
New York is still a major tourist destination. I think the reasoning is whether or not people will use up a week of vacation and fly to a place where there isn’t a ton of non-wrestling things to do.
Four hours?!? For some reason I’d always thought of these visits as going 15-20 minutes. That’s amazing.
If getting shot at a movie theater really factors into your decision making, you’d be better off just staying home and taping bubble wrap to your body.
Suicide dives in general bother me. It’s too much risk for something that often ends up looking like a guy is just jumping out of the ring and pushing his opponent.
He said three, and you listed way more than that. This isn’t the Wildcard!
I don’t think there are many people in the world who can go “quick” for thirty minutes straight. Nor should they. The fast stuff doesn’t mean anything if there isn’t slow stuff too.
Yeah, it kind of bothers me that people are oohing and ahhing at this. It’s way bigger when seen from the National Park area — this looks like it’s closer to Vegas. The colors aren’t right here either.
Except nobody has offered any indication that he went to Mexico at all.
That only came later. They were initially trying to sell him as being horribly burned, with the black stuff smeared on his face.
Spoken like a true member of the WWE Universe!
Alvarez and Mike Johnson have both separately reported the “No wrestling during commercials” thing. This deal with “rounds” has no source at all.
I’m glad he’s got a belt and all, but can you tell me *anything* about him? His character is just “guy who wrestles.” It just another symptom of this issue where everyone is interchangeable. “Just happy to be here and living his dream” isn’t a character.
I’ve never heard them say anywhere on TV that he likes punk rock. As for breakfast, who *doesn’t* like breakfast? Now if you had a wrestler who was anti-breakfast, then you’d have a compelling character.
“Shoot wife”
I call bullshit when people say certain times of the year “don’t matter.” Summer doesn’t matter, because people go outside and take vacations. November doesn’t matter because of Thanksgiving. December doesn’t matter because of Christmas. Oh, and football season too. And don’t forget about the NBA playoffs. Every part of the year matters if they make it matter.
You can go see it in person at the Hall of Fame
They just love having fun!
Yep. The outposts were being scooped up by the Borg.
How about that STEEL ramp?
The reason the “offscreen stuff” is good is *because* its “offscreen.” The company doesn’t care enough about those promos to bother scripting they. It’s just the wrestlers coming up with stuff themselves. If it was on TV, it’d be scripted — and whatever makes them unique would be gone.
“Successful” generally describes revenue.
I’m not saying they don’t make money. I’m sure they do really well for themselves. But you could also say an Indy promotion in Omaha “makes money relevant to their market.” That wouldn’t make them the most successful wrestling company in the world.
*ravioli
I think the bigger issue here is that you’re saying Seth can’t make “the garbage they give him work.” If you pay attention to what Seth is saying, it’s that he’s gained the trust and credibility to come up with his own stuff — in which case, it’s his own fault when his storylines are bad.
Well if that’s the case, he needs to act like a adult and keep that kind of stuff out of the public eye.
Because Vince told everyone about the rule at a recent production meeting. It was after the meeting that the reports came out.
Sure, but if we’re going to compare things, he doesn’t have to go to house shows like so many others do.
No one is saying that. It’s fine for Rollins to be proud of his work. And yes, he should absolutely be talking up his company every chance he gets. Doing so is his job. The problem is that he’s been “punching down.” He holds to top title on the top show of the top company. He doesn’t need to be ripping guys who aren’t as successful as he is in order to get across the fact that he’s proud of his company. Not only does doing so make him come across as petty and insecure, it draws attention away from him and his company, and puts it on someone else. It’s the same reason they used to rip WCW every chance they got — but when they were winning, there were no “Billionaire Ted” skits to be seen.
I just watched the whole thing. The acting is surprisingly good for a small film. And yeah, the concept is really similar. People have sued for far less.
That’s fine. At least they’ll be forced to actually defend what they’re saying, instead of mindless cheering.
It was an NES Advantage.
There’s no way Heyman and Bischoff would’ve been involved in any meaningful way without word getting out. That kind of thing would’ve had people falling all over themselves to text Meltzer and Mike Johnson.
Oh, you haven’t been paying close enough attention around here. Apparently everyone just randomly decided that Bruce is poor, so he went to get dental work in Mexico and they botched it, causing a massive infection. Don’t ask me where they got that idea, but there you go.
Well there was one here recently that said Goldberg concussed himself on the door at the beginning of his entrance, then WWE doctors stopped him and gave him an exam before he came out on stage. It was posted by an account with no post history at all, and everyone just discussed it as though it was true.
At this point, any changes at all would be an improvement.
Well as a member of the WWE Universe, that’s your fault.
Well... I get your point, but aside from the next match, he’s putting his *brain* in jeopardy.
You don’t need to be one of the “professionals” to know that chairshots to the head can seriously damage your brain. It’s not like wrestlers have access to information that everyone else doesn’t.
What sort of matches are you watching where heads are bouncing off the ring “thousands of times a year”? Wrestlers tuck their chins when they take bumps. If they’re hitting their heads on the ring, it’s because something went wrong.
You should scroll down to the bottom. There’s plenty of people saying anyone who’s criticizing chairshots to the head are “virtue signaling” and that wrestlers are “professionals” who know more about concussions than fans do.
*shouldn’t have
If wrestlers taking bumps are “regularly concussed,” the WWE must have the worst team of doctors in the world, and their entire policy is a sham. It has nothing to do with people wanting to “feel superior.” Considering that you’re the one putting people down for expressing their opinions on chairshots, I’d say you’re the one who’s trying to feel superior.
For some reason I heard this in JR’s voice.
If you really want a “refresher on where Picard’s story left off,” I’d recommend watching an episode called “All Good Things,” before Jean-Luc turned into an action hero.
I would guess they replaced the seat with a lighter/thinner type of metal.
That’s definitely not the movie to start with. Try it this way: Check out the original show from the 60s. Some people find it dated and don’t like it. Others think it’s just fine. If it’s not to your taste, watch the episode “Space Seed,” then go through the movies featuring the original cast. Then go to TNG. Watch the pilot. Keep going from there. If you don’t care for it, go through the first two seasons with an “essentials” list. It improves a lot in Season 3. I absolutely wouldn’t listen to the people telling you to start with the movies right away, or to skip straight to TNG, or to just watch a list of a dozen episodes. Give it a try from the beginning and see what you think.
Maybe the movie entered the public domain on the same day that Disney acquired the copyright on the actor’s actual name, and he’s now been forced thanks to a cease and desist to refer to him as Buster Kenton.
Except the Emperor was on the Holonet talking about how they’d attacked him, right?
I think it would be pretty crazy if it wasn’t. Wouldn’t people be asking what the hell happened to his face? It’s either that, or he never showed it a single time for the next 25 years or so.
Not quite kid friendly...
Utinni.
I don’t think “wanting a rehash” is really the problem. The problem is the question of “Why did that sequence have to happen in the first place?” It’s just “They have to go there to get Chewie back and get that one thing to help them find the other thing.” And why was Chewie taken in the first place? What purpose did that serve?
I mean... They killed Han. They killed Luke. Leia’s gone. They even got rid of Admiral Ackbar. It’s not exactly like they’ve been hesitant to kill off beloved characters. The entire sequel trilogy has been a bloodbath.
I’m not saying it can’t be understood. I’m saying that the explanation of “So what if they don’t talk or have any storylines, that’s all on YouTube” isn’t going to gain them any fans.
The President’s office was the worst offender. They barely even tried to make it look different than Ten Forward.
I think the early seasons of DS9 get a bad rap. They’re not as bad as a lot of people say.
Wow. That music. Over and over. Every time.
So what you’re saying is that there are heroes on both sides
Cheesing. Like smiling. Saying “cheese.”
Who said it was a clone?
It was a time when that company was poised to really make something happen — they had a super talented roster, they got a legitimate top name in Kurt Angle, and then... “No, no, Styles and Joe and all those guys you like...they’re not what this place is about. We got Hogan! We got Flair! We got the Nasty Boys!”
What an odd collection. You’ve got an R2 that looks amazingly pristine. Jabba still has his pipe. Sy Snootles still has her microphone. But then you’ve got these ships with no stickers! It’s almost like the collection was owned by two separate people or something.
I don’t think it pays at all. You’d just be getting bossed around for free.
Passive progressive
Are you sure they even shot any scenes like that? It would be very JJ to just never explain anything.
They want their “brand” to be clips from talk shows from 16 years ago?
I think you make a very good point here. The majority of Mormons I’ve known have been very kind and willing to help others. There’s countless stories of people facing tragedy or dealing with something like a flooded basement, only to have groups of Mormons show up to help — no questions asked, and no religion pushed. But I’d challenge anyone to find substantial humanitarian efforts being made by the church itself. You can find stories like “There was a hurricane and Mormons were helping clean up,” but there’s no “The Mormon church donated $50 million to provide relief” or “The Mormon church paid for vaccines” or “The Mormon church is paying for wells to be dug.”
That’s already the argument being spread. On Fox News’ homepage right now, one of the headlines is “Trump confronts Iran with strength, Obama showed weakness.”
I’m not sure you can even measure the damage done simply by Russo coming up with the name “TNA.”
Yeah, probably plopped them down one at a time and then combined the pictures together.
He wasn’t called “The Innovator of Offense” for nothing.
That’s not the woman you’re thinking of. Read the article.
Yes. Losing your grasp on the passage of time is an indication of potential carbon monoxide poisoning. Please check the batteries in your detector.
I think the in between solution here would be showing the school administration the video and telling them you plan on sending it to the local media and posting it online if they don’t do anything.
Another reason is that “The Wrath of Khan” came out in the period between the announcement of the name of ROTJ and the release, and they thought it was too similar.
Unfortunately it’s the big downside of the internet. In many ways, it’s an amazing thing. It’s allowed individuals to connect around the world and share ideas. Great things like freedom and basic human rights can make their way to the darkest parts of the planet. But at the same time, propaganda can propagate a hundred times faster. Every hateful person can find a coven of others just like them. They can sit and stew in garbage all day long, getting more and more angry and infecting others with their backwards beliefs.
We’re in the New America now. We don’t give a shit about silly old treaties. That’s kind of how we ended up in this spot to begin with.
American checking in here. If you guys are up for trading leaders, I’d be down for that. This guy seems like a genius compared to what we’ve got.
He straight up snatched the mic away from her. Now we have politicians basically saying the same shit she was.
Your reasons for supporting him are based on the State of the Union? I suggest you look back at some of Obama’s speeches to Congress. The one with the guy yelling out “You lie” springs to mind. And honestly, I’m really sick of the “I don’t like him as a person but I support him” argument. It’s a cop out. You can’t “put aside his character.” His character is who he is. Donald Trump is a racist. He’s locked up little kids in cages. He claims to only be against illegal immigration, but has taken serious steps to curb legal immigration as well. He’s petty and thin skinned. He can’t take the slightest bit of criticism without lashing out in anger. He’s like a spoiled little child. More than anything, I’m tired of people trying to play both sides like you are. I’m tired of pretending like you can support the guy while also saying “But I wish he didn’t tweet so much.” **What he says on Twitter is him.**. You can’t separate the two in order to claim some sort of moral high ground. It’s the same sort of thing as all the family values folks acting like that’s the most important thing to them, but looking the other way with the “grab them by the pussy” thing or the fact that Trump cheated on his first wife with his second, cheated on his second with his third, and cheated on his third with a porn star while she was pregnant.
I see he’s doing his part by repelling bugs
It’s like poetry
I feel like that’s a finish that damages both guys. The heel had the face beat. He was arrogant, but was a better wrestler. The face won, but only because the heel was arrogant. Both come out of the match looking worse than they did going in.
How about this: Let’s have a vote. A public referendum on going to war with Iran. If you vote “Yes,” you’re automatically enlisted and will report to the nearest recruiting office by 9am the following morning. What do you think the results would be?
He should resign. Now. Those surrounding him need to force him to do so, or enact the 25th Amendment immediately. Because I think we all know the real beef here is between Iran and Trump, not Iran and the American people. The fact that they tweeted out an image of their flag — just like Trump did a few days ago — says as much. If Trump goes, the entire situation would be defused.
Well now you’re just playing semantics. When you hear “rockets from a truck,” most people think of a pickup with a guy firing a rocket off his shoulder. That doesn’t look like a “truck” to me. That looks like a mobile missile-launching platform. I guess technically you’re accurate, but so is calling an aircraft carrier a “boat.”
Saying Jericho put on “size” is disingenuous. He didn’t put on muscle mass. He put on weight in the form of fat. I’m not saying he’s “fat,” or that he’s in bad shape. Clearly his cardio is fine, but he definitely has a substantial beer belly now.
Well news organizations are going to be totally dependent on whatever the military releases to them — especially early on. It’s not like there was destruction in a city. Whatever happened was on a military base, and reporters aren’t going to be able to get in there unless they’re allowed. I think if there was a total shutdown on information, people would eventually leak pictures and so forth — but it just happened, so at least for now we just have to wait and see.
Allow me to apologize on behalf of America. We’re not all this stupid.
That was days ago, and I don’t see why they would shoot down a Ukrainian plane to get revenge on the US.
It’s 2020. We have the benefit of the combined knowledge of the entire history of human civilization literally in the palms of our hands. Saying we’re a young nation doesn’t give us a pass. We should have learned from other countries who’ve made these same mistakes. It’s not like we exist in a black hole of information.
Right, because a conspiracy and “fake news” is the most plausible scenario — not that maybe Donald Trump is just an idiot on Twitter.
I’m not sure what it is, but the perspective here makes it look like I’m seeing a bunch of really expensive action figures. Maybe the sense of scale in the desert makes it appear that way? Or perhaps the lighting?
Yes, there are many different groups of white nationalists. Yes, they meet. Yes, they have plans. I don’t know if you’re being intentionally obtuse or what. It’s fairly common knowledge. They’re generally considered distinct from “white supremacists,” because white nationalists don’t specifically say white people are better — just that they should have their own designated country. Since you’re apparently into citations, quoting from the dictionary and all, here’s a link to the extensive Wikipedia article: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_nationalism
Just to be fair, they go along with whatever he says. He he decides to start strutting around in a couple of weeks, they’ll be chanting for war. If he decides Iran is our best friend, they’ll cheer for him as the greatest peacemaker of all peacemakers. I don’t think it’s possible for Trump supporters to go against Trump.
What exactly is a “legit theory”? You saw something, made a post, and it’s valid. What would make it more “legit”?
I’m sure it’ll buff right out
Is it not accurate that there’s regular power outages in Zambia due to low water flow at the hydro plants?
Hmm. That was...not what I was expecting. The entire thing was so short, it’s not like we can expect much — but it has that “Discovery sheen” to it. Lots of shine, lots of reflection, lots and lots of camera movement and forced emotion. I feel like the show is going to take a lot of getting used to if this is how it’ll be. I will provide a compliment and say that the makeup on Nameless Girl 1 was excellent. The effects seemed to be lacking a bit — like there was one final pass they didn’t finish? Maybe that’s just me. I’m also not a fan of all the Discovery style transparent panels. Obviously I don’t expect it to look like TNG, not should it — but I would like for the production design to be notably different. Story wise, I’m guessing the “rogue synths” might have something to do with Starfleet using Data/B-4 to create an “army” of androids? That seems rather contrary to Starfleet principals. Will this be what caused Picard to leave, and not something to do with the Romulans? Or do the “synths” have nothing to do with Starfleet? At any rate, I’m still hopeful for the show. I just hope the camera won’t be flying all over the place. Edit: Who’s going through here randomly downvoting comments? Try having a discussion instead.
Just to be fair, I’m pretty sure that’s a line from the Variety reporter, who’s trying to state that they’re doing multiple shows in a shared universe.
I appreciate that they made the structure around the ships look appropriate, although that’s also the shot that made me think “Oh no the effects look really shiny and saturated like Discovery.”
She’s not bad on the mic, though. I think it’s just the gimmick and storyline that aren’t working.
I seriously doubt that was the original intent. It was just “red is an evil looking color.”
I think your comment nails it. The obvious argument people will make is “But it can’t look like TNG!” No one is suggesting that. But there’s a way to update the production design that doesn’t reuse what’s on Discovery, and doesn’t have that “generic sci-fi” look to it. I’m sure there’s many designers out there who would love to update the TNG look.
Hot take
Did you miss out on the action?
Is this really where we are? Complimenting websites that rip off the work of others, because of their thumbnail selection and headlines?
No puppet No puppet You’re the puppet
I believe Star Wars is the only movie to have won an Oscar for editing for editing and subsequently re-edited.
That’s a strange way for them to tell a story. You want to tell us about who he is and what his life has been like first. *Then* show us the big emotional moment of him coming back to school. The way they did it put the ending first. I guess that’s TV news for you. Edit: Instead it randomly downvoting, please explain to me why it makes sense to show a big emotional climax to a story at the very beginning.
Did you watch the story?
I mean... Didn’t the Torch call the PPV company trying to get ECW pulled?
I don’t think it’s a ridiculous thing to complain about. Someone posted a link to a story with details. It’s a wonderful story, but was undercut by the way it was told. I wanted to see and hear more about the kid’s situation, but instead I was left confused by the decision to explain it in a haphazard way. To me, I was discussing the content of the news story. If I had just written “Wow what a sweet boy,” that’s a comment that could have applied to any comment instead of a response to a specific one.
But the real-life reasoning for this was because models were expensive. They were so intent on reusing them that they made the Enterprise B an Excelsior Class, but added a little bump on the front in the hopes that they could damage that bit without hurting the actual model. There’s no such reasoning now. I don’t see why it would be prohibitively expensive to design a different CG model.
But think of all the fine chaps who are missing out on all that glorious karma
I gotta give the edge to Sammy over Darby, just because Darby hasn’t really done any promo work. Although Sammy does lose some points for not wearing that panda head thing as often as he should.
YOU KNOW OF THE REBELLION AGAINST THE EMPIRE
Technically that is “some” money
I would argue that a military operation and a terrorist attack are two different things. Especially when said military operation targeted a military installation.
The problem is that there’s a ton of people who aren’t interested in the “vaulted stuff.” I mean, I’m not going to keep my subscription so I can watch Bambi.
He was a joke in the 90s. Look at his appearances on Letterman. Dave would have him on just to make fun of him.
No it’s like a really immersive sort of cosplay thing. He moved into a longhouse and lives off the land.
“Passive Progressive”
Just to be fair, battleships from the 1800s still work too — that doesn’t mean they’re still particularly useful.
Only because it was too time consuming at the time to do it fully CG. There’s a behind the scenes video for Episode II where they talk about using models and how the only reason they aren’t making CG models is because it’s quicker to use real ones.
Copyright Mike Stoklasa
How dare you undersell that man and his greatness. He’s a *very stable* genius.
Thanks for stopping by. We all love you here and know you’ll be great at this.
Everything’s fun and games until you collide with some conveniently placed empty cardboard boxes and random pieces of metal.
I think part of the issue is that everyone votes on everything. I don’t see how it’s feasible for all the members of the Academy to be experts on the intricacies of audio.
I seem to remember reports back then that WGEN kind of felt like they got scammed.
Jeez that music
He was definitely in water. There behind the scenes footage of it. They even used a giant drone for some shots. The waterfall itself may have been CG, but I don’t want anyone to get the impression that the actor was never in water.
And you look out the window at it, and the camera goes out the window, and down to the ground. Then Schofield, having come down the steps, walks into frame.
That’s not what I’m talking about. I don’t mean respite from actions scenes, I mean respite from their experiences. Instead of going to a new scene after his friend dies, you have to sit with the character and witness what he does afterwards.
It wasn’t an actual quote from the article. I wrote it as a joke.
Agreed. I don’t know where that idea came from. Fox News and the base are in full on “RINO Traitor” mode when it comes to Romney.
I think it’s fair to say that most every main Starfleet character on every Star Trek show at least tries to uphold the ideals of the Federation. Yeah, there’s a lot of rogue Admirals who pop up for an episode or two — but whether it’s Picard or Riker or Geordi or Bashir or Nog or Chakotay or Paris, they all work to embody what the Federation is supposed to be about.
And you’ve now put more thought into it than they have.
“Storm Door Suicide”
Becky went to acting school. She’s great.
*Whole roster on a pole match
You can totally do it with what you have. Just remember that you can’t really leave the shutter open for longer than 20-30 seconds before you start to get star trails. Open the aperture all the way, set the shutter speed to however many seconds you want, and raise the ISO to the point where you feel like it doesn’t get *too* noisy. It’s easier than you’d think. You can also take multiple exposures and run them through a program that will cut down on the noise.
The same holds true for 1917 — the one-take thing serves the story. Most every war film tries to show the horrors of war. We witness something, the scene concludes, and we move on to the next. In this film, you’re stuck there with the characters. Something happens, and you’re trapped. You don’t just witness something horrible, you witness the aftermath as the characters try to move forward.
I feel like it was the opposite of a gimmick — it fundamentally changes the way you experience the story. Instead of cutting to something else after something shocking or tragic, you’re trapped with the characters as they try to process what just happened while also attempting to push forward.
Wait, what? Seventy *thousand* villages? Is that accurate? What qualifies as a “village”? And what qualifies as a town or a city? I’m not questioning you, that just seems like an unbelievably massive amount.
Well you can say the same thing about any movie that does this. *Actually* shooting an entire film in one shot would be silly and pointless.
Well then it wouldn’t be a “meme,” and memes are cool, right? Also, the reason for the weird editing at the end is because the video was set to the theme from “Mortal Kombat,” and the edits matched the best of the music. Someone decided “I’m going to put a pointless caption on this and make it a meme.”
“Senator Sanders: Which one of the other candidates would you like murder? You must pick one.”
Just a little locker room assassination talk
Did the firebreaks not work in 1666?
Ah. So not a drawing that was made at the time. I was under the impression it was.
How many other photographers were standing where you were?
Unfortunately everyone has said this a thousand times before, and there’s always some bullshit excuse. I literally saw people online today saying it doesn’t matter if Trump has people following around an ambassador, because he’s the President and the FBI and CIA have people under surveillance all the time so why can’t Trump?
Don’t forget Pence.
For those keeping track, Fox News has a story about this on their site right now. The text on the photo is “Dems Undermined.”
And unfortunately the only “bomb” seen by Fox News fans is the one on their site right now. The text on the photo is “DEMS UNDERMINED.”
It bothers me that the front of the largest one is cropped out...
I’m thinking it was a screwup.
There’s an article on Fox News’ website, which is basically a comic book for the elderly. They’ve even got giant text on their photos.
That seems wildly overpriced unless there’s something particularly special about the actual poster. I could try to sell an unsigned Angry Birds poster right now for $20k. That doesn’t mean anyone will buy it.
Got it. Secret Spock kid it is then.
Watch his head. He can’t tuck his chin and protect it, because of where Hall’s arm is.
Watch it again. Look at his head. Then look at where Hall’s arm is. You can’t protect your head when the other guy’s arm is between your chin and your chest.
I know of a President we could put in one
It was a great version, for sure. I haven’t seen this match before, though. I’m not sure I need to. Given his opponent and the year this took place, I assume Taker lost badly.
Hey everybody, look at this guy — he thinks Trump pays for his employees’ uniforms
Canyon. Canyon of the Crescent Moon.
Wessels
As it often the case with these backstage promos they don’t care enough to script... This is a hundred times better than anything I ever saw her do.
Dude. The Bidens know zero about this issue. They weren’t involved. They have no information about Trump’s deal to trade military aid and a White House meetings for an announcement of an investigation into the Bidens. If Republicans want to start a separate investigation to the Bidens, they’re welcome to do so. If they did that, then calling the Bidens to testify would be extremely relevant. Think of it this way: I rob a bank, and when I’m caught I say “But the bank owner was embezzling money.” That’s not going to get me off the hook. My lawyer is not going to be able to call the bank owner as a witness unless he was there for the robbery or somehow involved in planning it. His embezzlement or lack thereof would be a totally different trial.
Welcome to 2020: Two guys wearing plastic helmets hit each other with lightsabers in the back of a car while recording each other on their phones.
Just that it looks especially bizarre when you see the other guy recording with his phone, and realize both people are simultaneously wearing helmets and recording with their phones.
There’s a handful of really bad episodes out there. This isn’t one of them. It’s by no means a masterpiece, but people act like it’s “Code of Honor” or something.
Eric Trump redirected charity donations back into the business. I think you’re just arguing semantics now.
Do it. Do it for Picard.
Everyone is different. Some people who’ve never seen it before give it a shot and end up liking it.
Kind of like how Luke and Leia had to be tied to the “legacy characters” of Obi-Wan and Anakin.
Right. That would mean the Force is something that’s floating around in your blood. Like little organisms or something. Which would just be stupid.
Laws to protect pickpockets? Protect them from what?
Just to be fair here, he does do quite a bit of putting over his friends, which is nice to see. But...yeah. It is weird.
Shh you’re upsetting the Fox News watchers
Leno supporters were the precursors to Trump followers
Just stay up late. Do it. Do it for Jean-Luc. It’s what he would want.
Yeah, I think I was kind of holding out hope for a different version of the TNG theme, or perhaps the flute theme from “The Inner Light,” so I think anything would’ve been a letdown compared to those options.
Complete with the obligatory “obviously someone else’s hands” shot.
Yeah, I was thinking “Hold up, he’s really old now, how is he running?” and then Picard was like “Whoa now. Too old for this shit.” Although it’s interesting you mentioned that part, because the fight that immediately followed it was a part where you actually *want* some intense camera work, and we got it. That’s one of the biggest problems about Discovery for me. The action sequences don’t seem all that exciting, because we’re numb to it after seeing the camera shooting back and forth across Michael Burnham while she’s eating her soup.
Wait, what? Worf? I didn’t see that. I saw a bat’leth but no Worf.
Seriously? How did I miss that??
That’s...what I said. I said I didn’t want it to look like Discovery. I said I wasn’t trying to claim that Discovery was “bad,” but that I wanted this show to look different. So you’re saying what I’m saying, but are trying to bash me for it?
It’s from the Plinkett review of Generations. It’s a pretty funny bit where they add a sound effect of smashing glass. You’ve got to admit — of all the things they could’ve had him just put down like it wasn’t worth saving, they picked *that*? The thing Picard went absolutely crazy over?
I think part of the reason Roddenberry hated certain things was because he was getting cut out by Paramount. Although to be fair to them, Gene wanted the second movie to be about Spock killing JFK.
Flower?
Except Data and Lore weren’t created at the same time.
Only one episode in, and I’m already disappointed. Not by the show, but because I know the end will be coming in just a couple of months — and then there will be a long, long wait for the next season!
12:01 Pacific, to be exact.
I think that’s a different one and it says “Children of Jama.” And I have no idea what that means.
Noooooi
Wait. Wasn’t baseball extinct?
It was shot in 16x9 when most shows weren’t. And the vast majority of homes didn’t have HDTVs back then — and those who did had no way of watching much HD content at all. Enterprise was definitely shot to be ready for the future.
If anyone hasn’t seen this, it’s great. Wil is great, the interview is great, the segments are great.
It also says their species is violent. Is it possible the average lifespan is lowered due to a large number of deaths that aren’t due to natural causes?
You can’t tell me this wasn’t done intentionally — or at the very least, that someone during the approval process didn’t notice.
It’s way worse than anyone could imagine in their head. It’s about the most awkward and contentious interview you’ll ever hear with a Secretary of State. My honest guess on this is that Pompeo has really bad an inexperienced people working for him. They agreed he would talk about Ukraine when the interview was arranged — she has proof of that. I’d bet money that his staff didn’t tell him this, so he thinks she’s taking advantage of him. She pushes back, and the entire thing starts deteriorating. He’s getting called out on his bad answers and it all just spirals out of control until someone stops the interview. This is basically a perfect example on why you don’t hire morons. He was thoroughly unprepared to be asked actual questions.
Star Trek: Morn
Actually Screencrush generally has decent videos. This isn’t a totally cheesy cash in like you might think.
The funniest thing is that when I clicked on the video on The NY Times website, I was immediately shown a Bill O’Reilly ad.
She didn’t just “study Europe in college.” She graduated magna cum laude from Harvard with degrees in Government and French Literature. She received her masters from Cambridge in European Studies. Pompeo needs to take some classes in coming up with feasible lies.
Been a while where should we begin
A variation of the old “claimed without evidence.”
Don’t forget that Tucker Carlson has already branded Bolton a “leftist.” There is no amount of evidence or testimony that will break up The Cult of Trump.
I believe the exact terminology was “leftist.”
You’re giving their constituents far too much credit.
Hmm. I’d written a lengthy post explaining a couple of points where I disagreed with the video — when I finished and went to submit it, comments had been locked. Then I couldn’t find the post at all. I made a text post asking what had happened, and it didn’t show up when I went to look for it. The comments were locked.
I feel like there’s got to be a rogue mod running around. I’ve never felt it was the kind of subreddit where you couldn’t express your opinions. Redlettermedia videos have been posted there many times. Who was it who wrote that to you? Or does reddit not show it? I sent a message to one of the longtime moderators. Hopefully I’ll hear back.
I guess you could try messaging individual mods and see what happens — it just depends on how much it matters to you. I just don’t think that subreddit of all places should be censoring anything.
I would say it’s barely relevant. Actually it’s not even good.
The same place as the guy who was supposed to get the tattoo of Rusev kicking the twin towers
I mean... We’ve seen a Rumble where both guys accidentally fell out, landed at the same time, and then someone came to the ring to restart the match and tore both his quads. I think they’d be perfectly capable of switching up the finish if she’d been hurt badly enough that she needed to stop.
I didn’t even see anything happen. I guess that tends to be the case when there’s all kinds of stuff going on at the same time.
That’s actually Brock in the second grade
He gets what he deserves for giving us Jar-Jar
Confirmed injury by PWInsider: https://pwinsider.com/article/133312/aj-styles-injured.html?p=1
He’s heard that music countless times too. He had a character on one of the old Smackdown games that came out to that theme.
What’re the IKONZ doing in the Elite Zone?
Generally speaking, it’s not a bad thing to show fans freaking out at the right moments in a match. An excited crowd can really add to the atmosphere. Saying “Only do it in a promo, not during a match” doesn’t make sense. The way people react to a promo is very different than how they react to an intense moment in an actual match. The issue is *when* to do it. When Edge is first getting in the ring, you *know* he’s going to do something big. It’s how pretty much everyone enters the Rumble — they get 60 seconds or so to shine. I think the problem with production is that they’re so caught up in the rapid fire camera cuts that they’re not paying as much attention as they should be.
It’s just a target they randomly picked. It’s not that they always thought it was just about spaceships — I’d be willing to bet many of them hadn’t seen any of the shows at all. It’s how a cult works. Someone picks a target and those people become “the enemy.”
So what you’re saying is that they’re the Star Trek equivalent of the Nerd Crew?
I hear what you’re saying, but there’s plenty of times when shots of individuals or groups of people can make a match more exciting. For example, a big kickout when the fans think the match is over. You show us 1.5 seconds of people with their hands on the heads or freaking out — it gives the moment more impact. And this is the kind of instance when nothing’s going to happen in the ring. Someone just kicked out, there aren’t going to be any huge moves right away. And if the wrestlers are reacting to the kickout, they’re going to do it longer than it takes for a quick cut to the crowd. Yes, wide shots of the crowd can have impact too — but you mean to tell me that if everyone’s doing the Yes chant and you cut to someone who’s doing it and crying that they shouldn’t show that, because the ring should be in the shot at all times?
This is what I keep saying. Some people seem to think you should *always* see the ring, and never cut away from the action. Seeing the crowd react is important. Seeing individual people going nuts adds to the excitement of a match. The important thing is knowing *when* to cut away. After a big kickout? Great. When a guy returns after nine years and gets in the ring? Not the right time.
*Edith Keeler Dammit, she’s a woman, not an elf!
Why would that be ridiculous? Energy is used to create matter. That same matter goes back in the replicator, and is transferred back into energy.
Bret did not.
Lucas Vs. Jag Thindh Wrestlemania 2020
That’s a whole lot more plausible than someone deciding to award a post that basically says “I like Raw. It is good. I enjoy watching it.”
*gilding
It was really bizarre to see people defending him for the Goldberg stuff. If you don’t like Goldberg, that’s fine. If you don’t like his in ring work, that’s fine too. But publicly mocking him on social media struck me as being extremely unprofessional. I mean, if he’ll do that to one guy, he’ll do it to anyone. I can see where people wouldn’t want to work with him because of that.
I don’t remember a single time when anyone went on the Internet and called Cena a shitty wrestler as part of a storyline.
Well then what would be the point in Riddle talking about Lesnar now?
*might not have
I have an issue with that. What qualifies as “thinly disguised nitpicky nerd rage”? That’s awfully subjective and doesn’t sound like anything resembling a professional rule. I’m sure there are some videos that solely bash things to gain views, but going by the criteria laid out, anything that gives even a remotely negative opinion could be removed. I don’t see how in a place that discusses Star Trek of all things, people could be critical of nitpicking. It’s a series that actually had books released called “The Nitpicker’s Guide.” I’m fine with getting rid of Nazis and such. But a video that puts forth negative opinions should be allowed to be posted, and the users should be allowed to agree or disagree with the content. Censoring videos because of “nitpicky nerd rage” goes against what Star Trek is supposed to stand for.
Can you cite some sources for Riddle “telling off Brock to his face”? As for “brand positive skills and talents,” what might those be? That Riddle is a good wrestler? *Lots* of people are good wrestlers. The company is bursting at the seams with them. There’s also lots of people who are good on the mic, lots of people who get good reactions from the crowd. None of those make someone “untouchable.” You know what WWE values above all else? Public image. The ability to promote the product to a larger audience. You think Cena was pushed solely based on his in ring abilities? No. It’s because he was a great ambassador for the brand. He did a ton of work with kids, and came off as professional on talk shows and at press conferences. Can you imagine Riddle wearing a suit on Jimmy Fallon? What would they even talk about — weed?
Wait...what? Do they really do that? And how do you portray Hitler as a genius? He *lost*.
Doesn’t give a shit? Like he doesn’t care if he’s a wrestler or not? Because it’s pretty hard to be successful in that line of work if you don’t care.
Gotta disagree with you there. I seriously doubt Rock or Austin would have publicly ripped a veteran or gone into business for themselves by talking like they were going to work a program with a guy they hadn’t even asked. I remember specifically that Hogan went on TV and started talking about how he wanted to have a match with Austin, and Austin got pretty pissed off. Why? Because you don’t call a guy out unless you’ve cleared it with him first. Rock and Austin have always been very respectful of the business and of other wrestlers. You really think when Austin was the Ringmaster, he would’ve gone around telling people how he was going to take on the Undertaker and Wrestlemania and send him into retirement?
Yep. I was thinking the same thing. If WWE is unhappy with you, they don’t just leave you off TV. They put you on TV and embarrass you.
He also has no neck. And the body of a midget. With giant hands.
I don’t think the TNG-era makeup looks distractingly bad. That was a big topic of discussion when Discovery started. People said “Oh, but those TNG Klingons looked bad! Makeup has advanced so far since then!” I didn’t agree with that at all. In a lot of ways, the Discovery Klingons look worse. There’s so many prosthetics that the actors can barely move their faces.
I don’t really think we need to see *anyone* doing that move. We see it multiple times from different wrestlers in every show. It’s like the “As Raw rolls on” move. It’s not worth the risk factor for a move that doesn’t really mean anything.
I was just thinking it looks like he’s dropped some weight. The man is looking spry!
Wouldn’t he have had to have been a first officer for someone prior to becoming a Captain in command of a ship? I just can’t imagine a time when one of his primary roles would’ve been delegating tasks and interacting with the crew. There’s a lot of “Jellico apologists” running around, and I don’t get it. His first officer shouldn’t have to smooth over his interactions with the crew. And unless he spends all his time locked in his ready room and basically emailing his commands to be carried out, there’s no scenario in which his crew wouldn’t see his overall dickishness for themselves.
The only way this could be better is if you put the credits over it.
No kidding. Just cut that part out. It’s not like it was all that relevant to the match anyway. Or have her do the spot over. For that matter, cut the entire match if you think it’s such a big deal.
I could be wrong here, but this looks like it’s all Nyla’s fault. The girl doing the move has no control over what happens on the outside. Either Nyla is supposed to catch her, Nyla is supposed to take the move, or Nyla is supposed to dodge out of the way at the last second. None of those things happened.
I believe they were on an international trip, which usually means everyone is traveling together for long periods of time, instead of getting around on their own or in groups. JBL was picking on Joey, being a bully as usual. Joey got fed up and punched JBL in the face, supposedly knocking him out. Obviously the story blew up everywhere. It happened in front of a lot of people who were very eager to tell others about it.
Oh God. That went on *so* long. Like, way past the point where it should’ve stopped being funny, but it somehow kept being hilarious.
What interpretations — you mean how he said the supernova threatened to destroy the galaxy?
And let’s not forget that they’re paying for their own travel from town to town, and their own hotels. Even Rollins is running side businesses.
Keith Lee is saying “This was a really cool moment, Lesnar is awesome and I hope to have a match with him someday.” Riddle was saying “Lesnar sucks, I’m going to send him into retirement.” If you don’t see the difference there, then I don’t know what to tell you.
It’s not all black and white. WWE rarely just leaves people off of shows if they did something wrong. They’re out to embarrass them or make them look worthless. Just saying “But they didn’t treat him like Santina” doesn’t mean he isn’t being punished. The guy ran in the ring and was almost immediately tossed out by Baron Corbin. Edit: Apparently it took less than 24 hours for everyone to be in full-on Riddle love mode. Funny how the pendulum can swing so quickly. Every comment that’s even slightly critical of him is being hammered with downvotes.
It’s pretty much the same storyline they always do with Brock. Rollins did the same thing last year: “I’m here day in and day out, up and down the roads, I’m here for the fans and Brock isn’t here, Im taking the title back!”
There were a lot of lens flares in general. When Picard steps out of the transporter-door-thing and looks around as classic music swells, all I noticed were the multiple flares on his face. Although I will say I was glad no one uttered the words “Section 31.” It was quite a relief.
It’s just *too fast.* A slow dolly during a conversation is fine. It adds depth to the shot. But when the camera is spinning around during a chat, it reduces the impact of any sort of action sequence. I was really on the “Whew, this isn’t shot like Discovery” train last week, and now here we are: Spinning cameras, lens flares, f-bombs, and transparent displays galore.
I totally get what you mean. I haven’t once felt like Picard was “in command” of anything. Although maybe that’s by design, and he’ll regain his confidence as the show progresses?
I don’t think it’s just that it was over too quickly, but that it ended so abruptly.
I noticed the same thing. It’s a stark difference compared to the opening credits, where it looks like he’s about to collapse.
Hey now. You take that back. It’s not a “Southern California public library.” That’s just ridiculous. It’s a Southern California convention center.
Yep. It’s the first place where we saw pictures leaked.
Yeah it makes no sense for them to cling to the standard length for commercials.
Except I don’t think anyone could say it bit them in the ass. The Romulans didn’t attack Mars.
You left out the possibility that they were both caught doing steroids
Glad to see you’ve joined the right side. Don’t fall for their propaganda. Jellico is a son of a bitch.
I heard it in my head when I saw it.
Totally agree that Zuckerberg is a horrible human, but I wouldn’t use “Rome fell” as a reason to not like Augustus. It fell long, long after his time.
That’s because they aren’t a “group.” There’s not such thing as “white culture.” And it’s not like “white people” are oppressed and need someone to “stand up” for them. Give me a break.
You’re bemoaning “experts,” and then go on and try to give us some sort of “expert” analysis. You may or may not have some valid points here, but it’s hard to take them seriously when you start out attacking other people without even offering reasons why.
Why would they do that?
How did you find him, and did he remember them or even want them?
He pretty much had the best everything in wrestling history. All of his moves looked incredibly crisp and realistic.
I suppose they would technically be pilasters, correct?
Yeah, I feel like there needs to be more attribution here. It looks like it could have come from anything, and I don’t know why a game board would be engraved into a step.
Occupy had no leadership and no demands, and I fail to see how stealing iPhones is going to create change.
And then you deleted your account.
Ok just to be fair here, mingling with protestors and walking with them works fine when it’s done at the beginning, and when you don’t have idiots trying to incite violence. Once shit starts to go down, cops aren’t going to go wading into a crowd. That’s just stupid. The cops are going to get hurt, and random people are going to get caught in the middle.
I had the same thought. That’s crazy if they’re basically motion capturing water.
Except that’s not what’s happening here. You’re hearing the woman holding the microphone far more clearly. There’s multiple people talking really fast, and the cop is hearing all of them. That’s why you hear him say “One person talk.”
And there’s the truth of the matter. This video has been intentionally edited in a way to give the wrong impression. Other cops ran off after the actual looters. Unfortunately because of the way reddit is set up, no one will see this: https://www.foxla.com/video/690433
This video was intentionally edited. The actual looters started running, and other cops ran off after them. https://www.foxla.com/video/690433
That’s literally why he’s asking them to calm down and explain what’s happening. He thinks they’re pointing at the people they’re detaining, and they’re still freaking out. He realizes they’re missing critical information, and is trying to get them to explain. The full video gives a lot more context. This one has been intentionally edited. The cops are driving by and get flagged down, and they run up trying to figure out what’s going on. https://www.foxla.com/video/690433
That’s because this video has been intentionally edited to make the cops look bad. The full video shows how chaotic it was, and shows other cops chasing the actual looters. I appreciate you trying to call people out for making incorrect observations. https://www.foxla.com/video/690433
Try watching the full video, which shows other cops chasing the actual looters. Also, try taking into consideration that the reporter is holding a microphone, and you aren’t hearing the other people who are also yelling and talking over her. https://www.foxla.com/video/690433
...And they didn’t just “arrest the blacks.” They were driving down the street and got flagged down by people. They ran up, saw guys running, and other guys standing around with guns. Some cops took off chasing the actual looters, and these cops detained the ones with guns. Once they figured out what was going on, they released the people you see in this clip. But I’m not sure why I’m explaining this to you when you obviously didn’t watch it, and just decided to drop a comment as though the full context doesn’t matter.
Umm yes they can. The full video shows that they were flagged down as they were driving by. People asked them to stop, and they ran up to find people standing around with guns. Obviously they were waved down because there was a crime committed. Other cops took off chasing the actual looters. https://www.foxla.com/video/690433
Unfortunately you got tricked by an intentionally edited video. The full video shows that the cops were flagged down. They ran after the actual looters, and detained these people who were standing around with guns. Once they calmed down the people who were freaking out and figured out what was going on, they released the people you see here. https://www.foxla.com/video/690433
Try watching the entire video like people are telling you to. If you did, you’d see that they didn’t handcuff the people calling them for help. They handcuffed the people with guns, while other cops chased the actual looters. Instead, you’re fighting a battle on a hill built on false impressions you got from an intentionally edited video.
Try watching the full video, not this one that’s been deceptively edited. https://www.foxla.com/video/690433
Try watching the unedited clip, and then come back and apologize. https://www.foxla.com/video/690433
They went up to the people who were right there in front of the store. The “news team” wasn’t telling them they weren’t the looters. You’re only hearing the woman with the microphone, because she’s holding the microphone. You aren’t hearing the other people who are yelling over her at the same time. It’s why the cop says “one person talk.”
I hope the “not related to wrestling” rule is amended to say “not related to wrestling unless it impacts the public perception of wrestling.” What Jericho says reflects on the business.
As a journalist, you should be paying more attention to the context. The guy running the camera has one job at that moment. He’s showing a line of cops advancing, and protestors moving away from them. He zooms out to show the protestors at the bottom. He also has a complicated job in general. The chopper isn’t hovering, it’s moving. He’s trying to compensate for its movement. He’s not actively scanning the frame and looking for things going on, because he’s obviously not expecting a random cop to just start bashing a car.
Do you have any evidence of that? Because otherwise you’re just making assumptions for no reason. Cops are on the move. Protestors are running away. You have to show both of those things in order for people to follow what’s happening. Your assumption also doesn’t explain all the other video from “the media” that clearly shows cops abusing their power and acting like idiots.
It’s because people watched the video and all they heard was some idiot with his cell phone providing his own commentary, and assumed he was right. The guy running the camera zooms out to show where the protestors are in relation to the cops. That’s it.
I don’t need evidence. The simplest assumption is often the most accurate one. I’m not saying there aren’t asshole cops, and many more cops who look the other way. I’m not talking about what happens in the video — I’m talking about the assumption that the guy running the camera is part of some sort of conspiracy to cover it up. The reason you would zoom out on a camera is to show a wider shot of the whole scene. Cops are pushing people down the street. He zooms out to show where those protestors are. Furthermore, what the cop is doing is more evident to you and I because the guy with the cell phone holds it closer to the screen to show it.
Do you have any evidence for what *you’re* saying? No, no you don’t. It seems to me that the simplest explanation is the right one. Either the guy zoomed out to show where the cops were in relation to the protestors, or he’s part of a conspiracy to hide what cops are doing. And if the latter was true, it wouldn’t account for all the video the media is showing of cops acting like idiots.
We aren’t even seeing the full context. I think it’s likely that in the live coverage, the camera is constantly zooming in and out and panning back and forth. Showing cops advancing doesn’t show the full picture. Showing protestors running away doesn’t show the full picture. The camera shot is going to move around to show everything? And where both parts are in relation to each other. Believing there’s a conspiracy to cover up what cops are doing doesn’t account for all the video being shown by the media of cops randomly attacking people.
But again, the news is showing all kinds of fucked up stuff the cops are doing. And at the same time, they’re showing fucked up stuff random people are doing. The news just wants to show exciting video. That’s it. Whether it’s cops blasting peaceful protestors with pepper spray, or some guys smashing a window. Exciting video brings in ratings. Hell, it was news cameras yesterday that showed us all the cops clearing a path from the White House for Trump’s photo op, and showed us a cop bashing a camera guy with his shield for no reason. My point is that the easiest explanation is the most likely to be accurate. The cops are pushing protestors down the street. The camera shot is going to constantly zoom in and out and pan back and forth to show where the groups are in relation to one another. All we’re seeing here is a short clip, which includes the guy with the cell phone zooming in closer to show what’s happening. To the guy in the chopper, it’s a tiny little bit of what’s probably a small monitor, happening at a time when he’s paying attention to something else.
Anyone who thinks paramedics are “authority” are idiots. They’re out there every night seeing all kinds of horrendous shit, trying to save lives and getting paid next to nothing for doing it.
Remember the Saudi show where they had an Iranian heel get beat up by Saudi wrestlers?
Uhh...yeah. We’re all very aware of that, thanks. The point is that China can’t bear the full brunt of another country’s lack of response when ample warnings were given.
Sure, but Nattie covered for it in the worst way possible.
How would it be any different from what we already have? The technology and aesthetic between Discovery and Picard is virtually indistinguishable.
It’s funny how the graphic makes it look like Schaivone is their new manager.
Except he didn’t. He was referred to by that name long before Trump was running for office or even knew how Mattis was. It’s just more Trump bullshit.
Yep. She’s also credited Cody and said she exchanges a lot of texts with Tony Khan, going over ideas. Whoever came up with the Role’s Royce is a genius.
Well the right term has to be used. If you want anything to happen, you have to sway the people who don’t already agree with these things. Using this term is only going to get them to think “What the hell, why would we want less?”
I consistently have certain videos open in the reddit app instead of just playing in Apollo. And in general, I don’t get the “smart rotation lock” thing. I don’t want every picture or video to put up a bar asking if I want to rotate. I want every landscape video to open that way, while rotation lock on my phone is active. That’s it.
He moved out and had the guitar guy build him a set that looks like his old basement. Now he and guitar guy don’t speak anymore.
“You know what Jon, this is some good shit, make more.”
Tons of people follow Trump who don’t support him. I regularly check Twitter just to see what sort of bizarre things he’s saying. I don’t think that’s a fair assessment of her political beliefs. And frankly I find it difficult to believe that someone who’s traveled all over the world and engaged with thousands of people from all walks of life would buy into the anti-immigrant rhetoric.
Does the ticket price include a giant spider
I’m not sure you comprehend how bad Trump is. Anyone who speaks out against him is a good thing. The country cannot survive another term.
Hanging out on a beach, taking pictures and enjoying his stacks of cash.
You’re correct in many cases, but that isn’t the case for either of these stories. You’ve got a building on fire, and the authorities tell you there were protestors who did it, and they had to force them back. Do you not report what you were told? Do you not report on the fire at all? They’re even being transparent on where their information came from. In the other case, you’ve got a bloody guy who’s doing an interview. They’re just reporting what the guy says, and have no reason to doubt it. The guy clearly isn’t under arrest for anything. The stuff about the bow and arrow only came out later, once people shared videos with the cops. No one knew what had really happened except for those who were right around it. Should the media not report that someone was beaten? Should they have waded out into the crowd and asked around first? This is a meme that’s designed to be deceptive and present a certain narrative. That’s what we should be talking about, instead of falling for this “the media is bad” narrative without doing any critical thinking. If people want to discuss the idea that the media rushes to report stories in order to get clicks, then that’s a fair perspective — but that isn’t the the case here.
And can you explain how either one of these stories supports that idea? Both are examples of evolving stories, not of distortion.
First of all, that’s not Fox News. It’s a local Fox station. They’re two different things. Secondly, it’s not accurate to say anyone “retracted” the story. They weren’t reporting something as factual, they were simply reporting what the guy told them. They had no reason to doubt his story, because he wasn’t under arrest and no one knew what had happened except for the witnesses. If you want to be angry with someone, be angry with the guy who lied, not with them people who interviewed him.
How exactly do you propose they determine whether or not something is “factual” in these cases? We aren’t talking about some wild conspiracy theorist showing up at a TV station or newspaper and claiming that the city government is filled with lizard people. Of course you’re going to need to do some research on that before just putting his claims out there. We’re talking about a huge fire. They’re simply reporting that a fire happened, and that the authorities said there were protestors nearby. Should they not report on the fire? Should they not report what the mayor or police chief or the fire department says about the fire? And we’re talking about a bloody guy at a protest, who isn’t under arrest. Should the news not do any live interviews with anyone in the crowd, because they need time to independently verify every claim? Because that doesn’t make any sense either. You’re at a protest, you need to talk with the people who are there. You need to let them talk about what’s going on, and why they’re protesting. You can’t solely talk to police or other officials and only present their perspectives. If you talk to a protestor who says “I’m protesting because the cops beat up my brother and he didn’t do anything wrong,” it’s live television. If it turns out his brother had a gun and he was injured while he was arrested, then the falsehood is on that guy, not on the news. Same goes with the bow and arrow guy — if you want to be upset with someone, be upset with him for lying. I think you’re conflating two completely different sets of circumstances. Does “the media” sometimes rush to be the first to report news? Sure. But these are evolving situations. It’s ridiculous to expect them to not report on protests or other breaking news events until they can take a few days and independently verify everything they’re told. Furthermore, I don’t know what “the given narrative is.” There’s still no evidence that the guy in the fire story is a member of the three percenters — just speculation based on a blurry image of a tattoo that’s been floating around Twitter. If you ask me, *that’s* the kind of “news” people should be concerned about. But instead, everyone is just taking it as fact, because it was stated in a meme someone made for reddit.
Unfortunately no one will see that link, just like no one will see him being called out. People are already on the “Haha media is bad” train, and there’s no stopping it now.
You’re not even addressing any of my points. This is a breaking news situation. Journalists are on the ground, reporting on a riot as it is happening. Your options are: 1) Interview people who are there, and allow them to state what they see and hear 2) Do not attempt live reporting at all. Just show up, record video and interviews, and tell people what happened days or weeks later, after you’ve thoroughly researched every individual and contacted every person who was present at the riot so you can interview them as well. As I said, even the police didn’t know what happened.
And plenty of people are bringing masks along to hand out. Those who aren’t wearing them are offered masks.
Fox News: Conspiracy Theorist YouTube for the elderly
Correct. “Heinous” is most heinous, and “non non” is a double negative. Hence, “non non heinous” is heinous.
Well he still need to follow Cena’s house rules when he stops by.
It happened after the 90s as well — who can forget the white guy beating the black guy in a huge match after a racist “You don’t belong here” storyline?
That episode would’ve been a lot better if the official title was “The One with the Old Mind-reading Dudes.”
So where was she? Just came wandering back?
Maybe Biden should just say He has no guarantees that Trump doesn’t have coronavirus and not have any debates.
He’s always treated all ravioli the same
This is bullshit. It’s clearly not a tag team match. The kitty on the outside is not a part of this. It’s illegal interference and should result in an immediate disqualification, but I have no idea where the hell the ref is. Such a travesty.
Well that’s even worse. The ref needs to be doing his damn job, not making a video!
Except Scoob
FTR doesn’t really work for me as faces. I want to see them cutting off the ring and preventing tags.
Just to be fair, it’s not an “official government poll.” It’s a shitty campaign poll for a shitty campaign for a shitty candidate.
It was not on camera. They were playing a video when it happened.
I was kind of disappointed when I tried it. It just tasted like your standard rotisserie chicken.
I just want to point out that these visits are *not* just PR for Cena. There’s many, many reports of him literally spending all day with a kid. It’s not like he pops in, says hi, hands over a bag of tshirts and action figures, and leaves. Long after the cameras are gone, he hangs out talking and watching TV and playing video games with the kids.
Advertisers regularly end up pulling ads from Fox News shows. It never makes any difference. Even when one of their hosts gets fired, they call in a replacement and it all starts over again.
Russia has attempted to hack our electrical grid numerous times. Trump’s own administration said so.
What “dossiers”? There was only one, and no part of it has been proven false. Just admit that you got conned by a used car salesman who literally had peaceful protestors attacked so he could go hold a Bible in front of a church.
I posted a comment here when Orton put out that tweet, pointing out how ridiculously expensive it is to own your own jet, and that he was likely fucking with people. Everyone flipped out and started sending me messages about how stupid I am. Edit: I actually went and found the post. The comment is sitting at -65. https://reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/comments/grasny/_/frxw4ty/?context=1
I came back here looking for my comment because there’s a new post where Orton said he was just messing with everyone and didn’t buy a plane.
FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER
Well the current one made her name as a “political commentator.” I remember she used to be on CNN every night as one of their conservative panelists, and would regularly get twisted into pretzels trying defend Trump. Those are the people he tends to like: Those he knows from TV, who defend him.
“As cool as, or cooler than Wrestlemania”
I don’t know why I had to scroll down to far to see Inception listed. It had a major effect on how trailers were put together.
Do you know what he did in the war?
They do this ALL THE TIME on the Fox News website. They’re more like “composite photos” than “photoshops,” in that they aren’t specifically claiming they’re actual depictions of reality. They’re the pictures that accompany headlines, and are essentially clickbait designed to present a certain narrative. Obviously it’s deceptive and wrong, but it’s also different than if the photos were being used within the body of an article and had captions stating that they were actual photos from Seattle. You can tell they’re “headline” pictures from the homepage because of the big text put on them. Their actual headlines tend to be based more in fact, while the pictures will have something like “CRAZY TOWN” on them. Edit: Just so we’re clear, I’m not defending Fox. I’m just about the biggest critic of their garbage you’ll ever find. I firmly believe their rhetoric is the single most damaging thing to our country in existence. What I’m saying is that these are what you would call a “photo collage,” and are judged by a different standard than a credited, captioned photo you’d find within an article. People who act like “Oh my God, we caught them!” aren’t paying attention. They do this on a daily basis. If Kamala Harris and Cory Booker had a disagreement about redevelopment, they’d photoshop their heads screaming at each other in front of some dilapidated building.
And even if it was fake, who’s to say he’s the one who made it, or even knew it was fake? Sometimes people get cash as change. And it’s not common for people to inspect the money they’re given. I don’t know about anyone else, but I don’t typically carry one of those pens with me.
Yes. Its original title was just “Star Wars” back in 1977, but now it’s often referred to as “A New Hope.” Start with that, then go to “The Empire Strikes Back” and “Return of the Jedi.” Episode I, “The Phantom Menace” was released in 1999.
Just to be clear, this is nothing new. Fox News regularly has images like these on their homepage. They essentially work as clickbait. Technically speaking the most accurate term would be “photo collages.” Some you can easily tell are made up of different parts of different photos. Others...not so much.
Well yes. Photos and video are two separate things. I’d also encourage you to read the article you’re commenting on, since Fox News admitted what they did.
Well...yes. But I wouldn’t say it’s “the song from the trailer.” It’s the Beastie Boys, and the song young Kirk listens to in the first movie.
Im not saying it wasn’t played in a trailer — just that you made it sound as though they were listening to something that didn’t exist in their universe.
That’s because she didn’t do anything. She just fell on top of Asuka.
Every time Cena meeting kids gets brought up, I make a point of mentioning that he doesn’t just do quick visits for PR. He doesn’t just hand them a bag of merch, pose for a few pictures, and take off — even though just doing that would certainly make a huge impact. There’s many, many stories from families about how after the cameras leave, Cena will often spend the entire day with kids and their families — talking, watching TV, or playing video games.
Actually the last cut was fine to me. It’s the rest of the time that they’re breaking the 180 rule. You can’t go from Drew being on the left to being on the right to being on the left and not having it feel jarring. Pay attention to a dialogue scene in a movie, because those tend to be cut slowly enough to pay attention. There’s always an invisible line between the two actors. The cameras never cross that line, because if you do, the viewers have to reorient themselves in the room. The same holds true in an action scene. The cameras don’t cross the line unless they cut to a closeup first. I imagine WWE knows all about this, and they choose not to follow the rule because they think disorienting people makes things more exciting.
I’m sure it does. But just to be fair, not every Make a Wish kid is terminally ill.
It’s also mentioned how he can’t say no to Vince. So Vince calls him and says “Help me out pal, really need you on this one, the Saudi prince loves you.”
He didn’t walk down it “wrong.” He walked down it like there was something wrong with *him.*
He’s probably thinking “Jesus Christ, James...this is your only job, it pays for your house and your car and all your food. Your job is playing video games, and you can’t even finish the video?!?”
Did they run out of money? And I have to say, that boar looks rather normal for it to have been a glorious hunt...
Scrubbed? You mean by time? And this particular statue is from Pompeii...
They tore each other new ones. One of those new ones was larger than than other.
The Getty Villa in Los Angeles is probably about as close as you’re going to get. It’s based on the Villa of the Papyrii in Herculaneum. I wish there was something similar done near Pompeii, especially since Pompeii itself has been so heavily plundered. I understand the need to protect the art and artifacts they found there, but they literally cut holes in the walls and took pieces to the museum in Naples. You can go to any major museum in the world and see Roman artifacts. You can’t see a Roman town frozen in time. At the very least, I wish they’d do more with placing replicas of the items they remove.
I believe bronze gains a patina after just a couple of years, and this statue wasn’t moved to this spot for many decades after it was first built. Whether or not the Romans tried to stop bronze statues from turning green is something I don’t know.
Supposedly 30 meters.
Wait...they told a kid who was already 15 that he’d need to start going by “Tye”?
Well both are “Christian” names, especially Mark.
It’s like the_donald of the wrestling world
Everything you’re mentioning is the result of right wing propaganda. Fox News pushes this stuff, because the people paying the politicians don’t want to pay the poors any more than they have to. Health care? Job security? No, no, it’s all about the bootstraps and “personal responsibility.” Masks? No, those are anti-freedom, and the coronavirus is blown way out of proportion and all the poors need to go back to work so we can get richer.
I know there’s some who hate comparing WWE and AEW, but... AEW tests everyone who’s involved with one of their shows, and you can’t tell me there’s a massive shortage in Orlando and no shortage in Jacksonville.
That’s interesting, I didn’t know that. Although in my head, the story is more interesting if I just pretend they saw it and said “What the hell, that looks like a baby boar, no way am I paying for that!”
I always thought it was because Data looked better in gold...
Fuck Chuck
He said he thinks Trump is the greatest President since Lincoln, and that it’s the Constitutional right of all monkeys to not wear masks if they don’t want to. Are you sorry you asked?
Is “Cursory Goog” a thing now? If so, it has my full support.
Looks more like a cross between a capture suplex and a spinebuster.
Hah. He wouldn’t do that. Legitimate journalists don’t ever give up their sources. Although he’s definitely throwing a bit of shade by including the quote.
You left out the completely bizarre scream Luke made when he jumped off the platform near the end. It made no sense whatsoever. He’d accepted his fate, and chose to fall instead of join Vader. The silent scream spoke volumes. Of course Lucas added a scream, then later took it out. And by the way, why is this only in the UK? Why not in the US?
&gt; Trump said invading Venezuela would be “cool” and that the South American nation was “really part of the United States.” What.
&gt; Trump said invading Venezuela would be “cool” and that the South American nation was “really part of the United States.”
I don’t understand why their YouTube channel doesn’t get more views. It never fails to entertain. My favorite episodes are when Ryder visits the shady dude who runs a figure shop in a storage unit.
Needs more ‘98 Kanes
It’s been six hours since someone gave her the proper credit
Ok but for $3000 you could just wait until they start having signings again, buy a replica title, but a round trip plane ticket from Japan, and have her sign it in person.
Funny how the account that posted this has no post history...
And this one is coming from a brand new account. Hmm...
And Game of Thrones is 1.78. A 1.66 ratio would result in pillar boxes on modern TVs. This is so bizarre to me.
Reminds me of that wild Shamrock/Nasty Boyz story, where they basically accused him of not following the “code” for calling one of them out for sexually assaulting a woman.
I don’t think it was that bad. I mean, you gotta do something to stand out, and how many wrestlers do you know of who have panda heads on their heads? The guy basically had one chance to be memorable.
I can’t hear that music at the end without picturing poor Sammy getting whacked with a golf cart and colored smoke coming out of his head.
One of the most overlooked racist gimmicks in wrestling history. “Let’s put the Mexicans together, and have them do a landscaping thing where they ride lawnmowers out to the ring.”
Debates? Why even have debates? Just sit back and let the guy keep tanking.
Hello, you can order paper and have it brought to you. And hello, you don’t need paper at all to post a statement on Twitter.
Which conspicuously doesn’t say the injunction was granted. If it was, wouldn’t he say that?
Are you joking? Do they not have an actual PR person? Because social media and public relations are two completely different things.
I think you hit the nail on the head. If someone wants to speak out, they should. If they want to name names, they should — and they should be taken seriously. And if they just want to share their stories and not name names, that’s cool too. But dropping breadcrumbs only results in innocent people getting hurt.
I didn’t get it either, back when all I saw was the endless stream of gifs people would post on here. It took some time before I caught on to the “He might try” thing.
He promised them the feeling that they’re part of a movement — that they’re in the club, and are in the know. It makes them feel important. Whatever problems they have in their lives aren’t their fault — it’s the liberals, or the immigrants, or the media. But with Trump, they feel like they’re on top of the world. And then they get inside, and are greeted by a sea of empty seats.
That’s exactly what they did — and they did it multiple times, in multiple episodes.
This isn’t even the worst tweet on the topic he’s made recently. He’s literally claiming that foreign countries will be printing ballots and shipping them here. Like...what? How would that even work? How would they get the names of voters, forge their signatures accurately, AND make sure precincts would count them?
Voter fraud is statistically nonexistent.
Stark Industries stock is valued too high imo
This is true... But it isn’t “cinematography” in the sense of the word, either. That word refers to things like lighting and camera lens choices in movies and TV shows. It’s what a guy like Roger Deakins does for films like Blade Runner 2049. Dunn isn’t a cinematographer at all. He produces live “sports” coverage, in a really frantic and disorienting way.
Right. And actually people who get organ transplants have to be on medication that suppresses the immune system — otherwise the body is likely to reject the transplant.
We need to shame CBS by pointing out that TOS, TNG, and Enterprise are all in HD...and the two shows that aren’t just so happen to be the two shows with a black man and a woman in charge. The second they see “CBSwhitemalesonly” start trending they will freak out.
Someone needs to start a campaign. It may be a little underhanded, but they’ve been pushing the whole “diversity” thing in their marketing for a while now. It’s about time they gave respect to the shows that broke ground when it comes to being diverse.
Her prospects might not be that great in the middle of a pandemic, but there will always be a market for live sports. It’s the reason Fox paid such a massive amount for Smackdown — they’re investing heavily in live sports, because they tend to do really well compared to other TV shows. I think a lot of people look at Renee and think she’s just a pretty face, but she is a top-notch broadcaster and host. You can find people who are just as good as her, but you won’t find anyone better. She’s smooth in her delivery and is able to think on her feet.
Holy shit that last line
I’m not even just talking about the major tourist sites. I’m talking about the random streets — the streets with homes, the streets with businesses. I’ve walked all over central London and never once felt unsafe or thought “Oh, what a shame, this are would look so much nicer if they cleaned it up.” I’m sure there’s places like that in some areas outside the central city, but London is bursting at the seams with stunningly gorgeous buildings centuries old that aren’t showing a bit of their age. I have no idea where this guy is getting his idea of London as some run-down hellhole. London is fucking amazing.
Ah, a Londoner in the flesh! Allow me to say as an American that your city is amazing. Cheers to all of you.
Oh no. They know. People stop by that house all the time.
He was not cosplaying. There’s plenty of video of him from right before he got shot. He’s wearing a red shirt and jeans. According to his brother, he’d been dropping acid and taking DMT. He also wrote on Facebook “I have a sword and I’m going to get shot.” Someone called the cops because obviously a dude walking around with a samurai sword (NOT a plastic sword like some are saying, but a real sword) is suspicious. The cops showed up, they tried talking to him and offering him a ride, but he refused to give them the sword. He lunged at the cops with it, then took off running. I’m not saying shooting him was the only viable option, but it’s not like this was a guy in cosplay who just got shot for no reason. At a certain point when a hostile person with a sword tries to attack someone and runs towards a restaurant where people are eating, you have to assume he doesn’t have good intentions. Edit: For everyone asking me for a source, I should have provided one in the first place, and you’re right to ask for one — certainly we’d all be a lot better off if we didn’t just believe random shit on the Internet. https://www.sltrib.com/news/crime/2014/11/05/investigation-officers-justified-in-killing-darrien-hunt/
You’re citing your “he was in a cosplay” argument with a link to pictures he drew, which showed he had an interest in anime. Meanwhile, your other link shows him wearing a red button-up shirt and jeans. If he was trying to dress up as an anime character, he was doing a terrible job. Also, last I checked you don’t see a lot of cosplay outside a Panda Express. And I didn’t “backtrack.” I can see why you’d think so, considering that you apparently think everything is black and white, and you have to “pick a side.”
https://www.sltrib.com/news/crime/2014/11/05/investigation-officers-justified-in-killing-darrien-hunt/
You’re thinking of sunlight. Many people are saying there’s none of this COVID-19 in Nambia, none at all, because these people, you know these people, right, it’s so fantastic what they do, they hold their heads back and they scream, just like this, see, they scream and they open their mouths to the sun and the sun just goes right inside of them, and I always say, you’ve heard me say this, right, I always say that sunlight is the best medicine, and I was trying to show people when that horrible picture came out and they said Oh look at Trump, he’s staring at the solar eclipse, it was so phony what they did, the fake news media back there, you see them all, right folks, you see them back there and all those little red lights just went off because they don’t want you to hear what I’m about to say but we all know it’s true, don’t we, that they just lie and lie and lie and don’t tell you the truth that I never looked at the eclipse, I was just showing people with my eyes shut very tight just like this, see, just like this, showing how you could let the sun into your bodies just a little at a time because it truly is the best medicine, that Vitamin E, right, that Vitamin E, just cures everything, doesn’t it, cures it all, especially this COVID-19, and what does that 19 stand for anyway, I keep asking them, I say What’s the 19 stand for, and no one knows, no one knows, they all give me different answers and that’s why I’m draining the swamp, that’s right, draaaaaining it all just like I drained that water from the glass even though my arm was tired from all that saluting and they said oh Mr. President you don’t have to salute quite so much, and I told them no no, these brave men here, and women too, don’t forget the women or you know all those fake news back there will jump right on me, all those men and women who served our country deserve a salute and that’s what I gave but of course they didn’t show you that part now did they?
What you’re saying is an understatement. The current museum is an abomination. You have no idea what you’re even looking at, the cases are covered in dust, and there’s cats running around. The strangest thing to me was the x-ray scanner for your bags as you exit. I mean...your security is so bad that you think it’s possible for someone to snatch an artifact and stuff it in their purse?
That was over 20 years ago. The area is completely safe. The country is completely safe. The people there depend heavily on tourism, and are extremely intolerant of any sort of violence towards tourists.
He snaps out of it himself right after saying all of this, when he segues right into talking about how often he’s fucking his wife.
Wow. How is it even possible to go to Arches, Canyonlands, Four Corners and Mesa Verde all in the same day?
Thank you. This woman is a total idiot and goes about this in one of the worst ways possible, but her point is valid. When I saw the girl pan the camera over to show what they’d done, I was like “Wow, ok. Not a good look.” If everyone takes a branch, there won’t be anything left. For that matter I’m not sure you should even be picking berries.
You could say the same thing about the US. “You’re gonna have to excuse me if I don’t feel like visiting a country with thousands of heavily armed militia members and white supremacists, where you can get gunned down at a concert by a guy in the window of a hotel with military-grade weapons and incendiary rounds.”
Well... They didn’t look like sweet domestic museum cats. They looked like outdoor city cats that had made their way inside. I don’t know about you, but I don’t pet scruffy looking cats with eye infections.
Sorry, hope I didn’t come across like I was judging you. I just didn’t even know it was possible to get to that much in one day.
THEY’RE ALL DEAD
