Please explain to me exactly how Trump is corrupt, but Hillary isn't. How about you start with their respective charities...
&gt; Bump stocks were not a problem until vegas and they haven't been a problem since. And we still have virtually NO information about that entire event, and haven't heard a word about it since except for bump stocks. I'm still convinced that it was a crank fire, NOT at bump stock, based on the audio from all the shooting videos. The rate of fire speeds up and slows down, which is impossible to have with bump stocks. But pointing out things like this makes me a "conspiracy theorist", and I should just shut up and let them take away my legal property because they want to make irrational people "feel safer".
[I can't breath!!](https://static1.fjcdn.com/thumbnails/comments/I+cant+breathe+_f74af861891f479ff3ebd9aa7e0bd802.gif)
I don’t care if this sounds racist or not, but black people commentary is the greatest.
...the reverse is also true. People who hate Trump will never not hate trump, regardless of what the report says. The report could say they found nothing on him whatsoever, and the liberal bubble would just start claiming Muller is a compromised Republican snake who has been blackmailed by Russia and the Trump administration. It’s a real bad time for politics in this country. Fake news abounds on both sides. If you claim otherwise, then you’re just as party blinded as those you accuse of being so.
They both end up being liked by everyone in the end...
Please explain to me why not allowing a group of people with a significantly higher clinical predisposition for suicide to carry guns and fight in one of the most mentally stressful environments one could possibly subject themselves to... or preventing non-citizens from crossing our borders outside of the proper *legal* channels, seeking “refuge” after traveling throw two other countries that offered them jobs... is somehow an example of “authoritarianism”? Jesus Christ, this sub sometimes 😂
RemindMe! in 2 days
All the time. I’m always told it’s just tinnitus 🧐
Could you elaborate on this a little? Sounds very intriguing.
Seriously.
...such as?
My only hope is that it's run on some kind of closed loop system, (potentially blockchain based?) that can't be manipulated or fucked with. Because I agree, that much control over the internet by one group really scares me too. It's why I'm already super skeptical of Google Fiber popping up all over the place. I doubt it will happen like that, but I could also still see Musk doing something like that too. Only time will tell.
Not necessarily. The Reddit hive mind often vehemently disagrees with many of my opinions. And at the same time, I often vehemently disagree with the hive mind.
Or how about potetial "mental health issues" that they just create out of thin air in the future? How long til "Conspiracy theorist" becomes a disorder that bars you from owning guns? It bothers me how short-sighted people are about this stuff.
It's because the government want's to be able to track every gun at all times, including private transfers even within a family. If I want to give one of my guns to my son, "universal background check" legislation would require me to run a background check on him and log the transfer in some type of federal registry (which is already unconstitutional). There are already laws on the books for straw purchases, and selling firearms to people that aren't allowed to have them. If those laws aren't enough to stop illegal purchases, what makes anyone think that tighter regulations on law-abiding citizens is going to make a difference? This would only help criminals in the long term, not deter them from anything.
If that were the case they could have easily put the universal background checks one at the bottom since it's already (allegedly) 97%.
You guys never really had freedom of speech to begin with... Not compared to the US, anyway.
&gt;“I’m not against people who have money, who like money, who go crazy for money,” Mujica said. “But in politics we have to separate them. We have to run people who love money too much out of politics, they’re a danger in politics… People who love money should dedicate themselves to industry, to commerce, to multiply wealth. But politics is the struggle for the happiness of all.” Problem is, you need these kind of people still involved in the political process. I agree with a lot of what this guy says, but what he's suggesting is impractical.
Try /r/C_S_T
We already do have background checks for every other kind of purchase except personal transfers. All FFL dealers have to run checks. If you buy a gun from an FFL dealer at a gun show, you get checked. If you make a non-FFL sale of a firearm to a criminal, you are legally liable for not checking them. Keep in mind, a massive majority of the people talking about how we don't need background checks to buy a gun have never bought a gun in their life, and generally have no idea what they are talking about. Yet these are the people trying to lecture us about what kind of gun legislation we need? Please. The goal will always be to create a federal gun registry (which the SCOTUS has already deemed unconstitutional). How they sell it to the public is the only thing that changes.
Care to provide any links for anything you just said? Your posts on pol, the Q post you saw on Instagram... anything?
My business benefited greatly from the new tax plan. We were even able to add 3 new positions and give everyone in the company a raise. And that's just from the corporate tax side. On the personal side, I'm seeing an additional couple hundred dollars in my paycheck each month. Edit: Also, you're not OP. I'd like to see OP actually respond for once to the all people that disagree with the socialist propaganda that they post every single day.
I may disagree with Jimmy on a lot of issues, but god damn does he give a refreshing perspective from the progressive side of the isle. I can respect his passion for candidates like Bernie and Tulsi. Glad he finally left TYT too.
Spending needs to come way down, no question about it. But you and I seem to look at these cuts very differently. I welcome them. You on the other hand seem to see that as "the government will give me less free stuff and services now". Far more cuts need to be made, but at least it's a start. He's one of the only Presidents that actually looks like he might go after our insanely bloated entitlement programs. Hoping he wins 2020 so he can *really* go after them once he no longer needs to worry about getting votes. Defense spending needs to be cut too, and I'm starting to lose any faith that Trump will do that, which is certainly a disappointment. But hey, at least he's doing something right.
They do? Like what? Edit: You people have truly lost it.
And don’t even get me started on Cheney...
I got a 24 hour ban for making [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/brc04z/ocasiocortez_we_have_to_move_forward_with/eodszds/?context=10000/) in r/politics a couple weeks ago. I've got at least half a dozen more examples from news, worldnews and even /r/science.
The purpose of a Submission Statement is to let users know what your link is about and why it's being posted here in r/conspiracy. You're statement does neither.
Then it's a rule 9 violation.
Why the hell did you have to inject race into this?
That Ellen clip and the Joan Rivers clip are what always sold me on this theory.
Great catch. I've said this before, and I'll say it again. Until JRE starts going live again, all future episodes are suspect. Seems like in order for Joe to get bigger name celebrities onto his show, he had to learn to play ball and make some "concessions" for their handlers. That's my theory for the real reason why they aren't going live anymore.
What are you even talking about? If that's what you got from OP, then it sounds like *you* are the racist one here. Jesus Christ.
I believe the official reason is that they got a hard copyright strike, so their live streaming capabilities were temporarily suspended. There's still a chance that they come back to do live shows, but if they don't, then there is some serious reason to suspect it's for other reasons. Especially considering YouTube just gave posters the ability to edit videos already posted in order to help alleviate problems like Jamie "pulling shit up" that might be copyrighted.
They've been removing Sandy Hook truthers since 2013, so that's not very surprising to me. You are witnessing YouTube becoming MySpace in real time. Something else will come along and replace it as soon as they take it one step too far. And at this rate, it seems like that step might be sooner rather than later. D.tube better be getting their servers ready...
&gt; Virtually ALL videos questing the "holocaust" lie are now gone. GONE. I just checked, and [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHzWo79dCHs&amp;layout=mobile&amp;client=mv-google&amp;skipcontrinter=1&amp;bpctr=1559758496) video and [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iP-BUXdoQGc) one are both still available, even though they have a literal "trigger warning" you have to agree to to watch them. I'm surprised these were allowed to stay up (for now anyway), considering these two are some of the most damning evidence against the official narrative I've ever seen. For anyone that hasn't seen either of these, they are both works of David Cole, a Jewish man that has been asking questions about the Holocaust since the 90s, and has even stumped most mainstream scholars on the subject with his list of simple questions regarding things like the structures at the camps. I highly recommend checking these videos out before they get swept away by YouTube's next round of censorship. Edit: [Here’s](https://www.bitchute.com/video/tVJ52P4YvfO7/) the bitchute link for the first video which has since been removed from YouTube for hate speech.
[Wasn't able to pick just one](https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/search?q=sunspot&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all)
Fucking hell, IT'S NOT CALLED A SILENCER! (Not yelling at you OP) Jesus H Christ, I can't believe how many times I hear reporters and even law enforcement figures use the incorrect term "silencer". There's no such thing as a silencer, it's called a suppressor. But I agree, Trump better not do shit to our suppressors. They're already class 3 as it is, it takes a lot of effort to acquire one. To be fair though, he didn't really do anything with bump stocks. Nothing that really effects us at least.
If that is the case, then I (and I'm sure countless others) would have a big problem with it. I watched JRE for the realness factor. Take that away, and it's just one step closer to MSM garbage.
LOL
Haha oh how telling all those downvotes are...
[Tim Pool's take on this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Wrf62hFkYs) I thought was very interesting, and I think he's right. The "lispy queer from Vox" is going to do nothing but create countless enemies for himself within the YouTube community and people that actually make a living off of their ad revenue. He's going after all advertisers and trying to spark another adpocolypse, when his paychecks come from a massive corporate entity so he doesn't really give a fuck. I really hope this backfires as hard as it appears to be backfiring already.
Lol *thank* you! I highly recommend getting one anyway. Around my area, it's considered the polite thing to do in consideration for your neighbors when shooting target practice. And even if they ban them, what are they going to do; break into my house and remove my legally obtained property at gunpoint? Somehow I don't see that going down so smoothly across the country.
Has it been confirmed that he was poisoned?
Damn you’re right. Oh well, I figured that would happen eventually. The second video is better anyway.
Extremely disappointing?
I’d say the announcement definitely counts.
It wasn’t *that* bad.
The one from 2 weeks ago
It looks more like a coordinated effort to me. YouTube teaming up with massive media corporations to squeeze out independent content creators.
I’d argue it’s more likely just the president paying lip service to the media on hot button issues after a shooting tragedy. If you pay attention to Trump at all, you’d know that his actions are almost always separate from his words (in a good way most of the time). His policy decisions are much better than whatever he says he’s going to do in a random press conference. Plus his base would absolutely not allow any kind of 2nd amendment infringements. So far, there really haven’t been. Just a lot of hot air about possibly doing something. But this is all still yet to be seen. This presidency has been the definition of a Wild Card, after all. Like I said, I’m ready to march the second I see something start to turn.
A globalist using wealth and power to influence an anti-globalist referendum? Color me shocked
Care to explain how it’s not?
Because it was a sovereign nation voting for its independence and autonomy from a multi-national governing body like the EU. It’s just about one of the most anti-globalist events to occur since roughly 1776.
This.
“These people are making our job as a propaganda distributor much more difficult, and therefore we’d like them to be silenced.”
There are a lot of pizza references in kids movies in general. It's easy to attach a nefarious meaning to it now in hindsight, but personally I always just equated pizza with good happy emotions. Almost all kids associate pizza with a fun time (parties, weekends, celebrations, etc.). That's probably why it was co-opted by predators in the first place. But like the Ninja Turtles, for example. Never once thought anything weird about it, except that I agree, pizza is rad. I have no doubt there are some cases where it's a possibility that there was a nefarious use for the term pizza (and Culkin's band is certainly suspect), you just gotta be careful attributing malice to something that isn't.
&gt; Macaulay Culkin is both a victim of and perpetrator of pedophilia One almost inevitably follows the other, unfortunately. It's a very sad and incredibly damaging cycle.
&gt;If anything, Russiagate has exposed a staggering amount of children masquerading as adults. Excellent observation (Looking at you, Rachel Madow)
There’s a reason critical thinking and deductive reasoning skills are taught less and less in public schools these days.
Because they want complacent sheep to run the machines, not thinking citizens that will challenge their power.
[No, you just build them](https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/bz14au/a_reminder_that_critical_thinking_should_be_our/eqoz7sk/) 😂😂😂
He better not touch my suppressors...
The downvotes are telling... the truth is not welcome here. This entire thread is the biggest example of projection that I've ever seen from this sub. And that's *really* saying something.
Accurate.
Yea I don't think many people are against that idea, except the ones that believe losing illegal votes might cost them an election.
&gt; We are not constitutionally entitled to any of these things you've listed. We are, however, entitled to our rights to vote. Your analog is flawed. So then by your logic, I should be able to buy a gun without an ID, right? Anything more than that would be an undue burden to citizens without IDs exercising their constitutionally protected rights that they are entitled to.
There's also a theory that the moon is actually hollow, which would explain why all of the craters (on the side we can see anyway) are so shallow. There's actually a decent amount of evidence that supports that theory too. Pretty interesting stuff.
Happens every day now it seems. Luckily the mods have been pretty good with getting to them rather quickly. Just report posts you feel don't belong and move on. Don't even bother engaging in their nonsense.
&gt;The crater itself is oval-shaped, as wide as 2,000 kilometers—roughly the distance between Waco, Texas, and Washington, D.C.—and several miles deep. Despite its size, it cannot be seen from Earth because it is on the far side of the Moon.
And when you push back against that kind of BS, people then go on to label you as a "Russian apologist" or a "bot". Absolutely maddening.
Those damn Asians and their Asian privilege...
True. Albeit not too many mainstream articles get posted over there in the first place except Fox News. But still, same deal. Archive it and stop giving these garbage rags ad revenue.
Of course not. I support requiring ID for both issues here. In order to exercise your constitutionally protected rights, you should have to at least be able to first prove you're a citizen of the US. But saying that one shouldn't require ID and the other should is a little hypocritical, IMO. But I can at least understand where you're coming from.
Oooh got my attention. Not a fan of smart meters myself
That's fair, and like I said, I can at least see where you're coming from (even if I disagree). My problem with your argument is that you keep using one single outdated reference from the Herritage Foundation, which I'm already not a huge fan of (I don't care what the President commissioned or approved). If the number is less than 1200 as you keep claiming, then how do you explain the [58,000 out of the 95,000 non-citizens registered to vote in Texas](https://www.texasattorneygeneral.gov/news/releases/ag-paxton-texas-secretary-states-office-discovers-nearly-95000-people-identified-dps-non-us-citizens), voting in the Texas election? And that's just Texas. That's before even beginning to talk about the [1.5 MILLION inactive voters that have to be purged from their voter rolls in California](https://www.judicialwatch.org/press-room/press-releases/california-and-los-angeles-county-to-remove-1-5-million-inactive-voters-from-voter-rolls-settle-judicial-watch-federal-lawsuit/), which is rife for abuse. My point being, just because you throw out one study and claim it's a non-issue, doesn't make it so.
Look up the story of Mary Pinchot Meyer. Artist who had a romantic relationship with JFK and was tragically murdered by a black man who was likely framed by the FBI.
And you’re letting &lt;.1% of the population fool you into thinking those people are actually a threat. A very large majority of it is trolling, because people will say whatever is the most heinous and forbidden phrases and topics just to try and offend people. Stop giving them the power by making them think they matter. Find a way to quadren it off from everyone else and deal with the problems that come with actual free speech. Banning isn’t the answer
I'm shocked I had to scoll this far to even find a single mention about Bitcoin. The fact that the conspiracy community is still so behind when it comes to open source blockchain-based currencies is so frustrating to me. And it's mainly because there are so many people that don't understand how it works, pushing the idea that it was created by the CIA to usher in a cashless society. In case anyone hasn't noticed, THEY'RE DOING THAT ANYWAY, only with the USD, a completely dark, mysterious system controlled by a handful of immensely powerful bankers at the top of the food chain. Bitcoin is a currency system quite literally by the people, and for the people. Being blockchain based means it can inevitably be tracked, but privacy is something that can be improved as the technology advances. TPTB do not want citizens capable of being truly in charge of their own money.
Wouldn't be surprised in the slightest. Make any form of alternative medicine look batshit insane, until the only accepted treatments are pharmaceuticals that rake in billions for Big Pharma.
The idea that they actually *did* find something is exactly what the media wants you to believe.
Unless you're talking about quantum computing, then what you've said has no relevance to what I said.
Honest question: in your opinion, which case do you think exhibited more examples of a potential coverup with people pleading the 5th, powerful politicians stepping in to exert their power over the investigators, and conveniently losing emails texts or records... this investigation into Trump? Or the investigation into Hillary Clinton? The only reason I bring it up is, I hope you were this outraged about how the DoJ and FBI handled her case as your are about the Russia investigation. Edit: Also, can you please provide me a source for "They did find plenty, it’s what is not in the report and what the investigators didn’t pursue that points to a coverup" I don't think I've heard much about that and am interested in reading more.
That’s why you need to disarm the population first.
Wasn’t it the same company that handled the debris removal for the Oklahoma City bombing or some other suspicious tragedy?
Personally, I see FAR more pro-vaxx memes than I do pro-abortion memes. Those are definitely being pushed all over the internet.
How about the shooters at casinos over a mile away from the concert? Amazing how quickly that got swept under the rug, despite multiple witness reports and surveillance videos.
I’m saying I wouldn’t be surprised at all, but I personally just haven’t come across many pro-choice memes (on Reddit at least). Where are you seeing them?
The fuck they don't. Have *you* ever fired a gun at night? Not saying that's what is being shown in this video or anything, but what you said is just completely inaccurate.
Just make sure you do your research and don't pick too many shitcoins. Also gold. Don't forget about gold. Also, don't put *all* your savings in one market. Be sure to diversify.
People who say "Full stop." unironically are insufferable dweebs. Full stop.
Right, one being rational and the other being irrational.
Most Trump supporters I know want Assange to be quickly charged so he can be pardoned.
I really hope this is all a ploy to get him here safely so he can be pardoned.
But then other agencies or other countries even can try and charge him for the same BS offenses they are going for now.
Discovery my man. I want to see the discovery.
Let me try and find the video I'm referencing (it wasn't of an actual shooting, but of police presense at I believe the Hard Rock, but not 100% on that). There was video of what appears to be security personnel armed and walking very deliberately through the casino floor, and a guy in yellow wielding an AR in a manner that clearly shows an extreme lack of proper safety training and proper use of a firearm. He's literally pointing it at civilians. Edit: [Here it is](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rd-qz6ei-UM). It was at the Tropicana, which is about a mile north of where the concert was.
Vegas shooting
You want a medal?
Well that's because you put her name in the title.
&gt; but then you dont believe that humans can affect the climate Where did OP ever say that?
Removed: Rule 6 &amp; 8
What about the USS Maine? Remember the Maine. Also, there’s a reason why YouTube now censors “conspiracy theory content”. Aka anything that contradicts the mainstream media reporting (or as YouTube likes to put it “authoritative sources”)
Gross
Ayyyyooo
Except it lists no sources and has zero supporting evidence. It’s a declaration of facts without providing any, as opposed to ideas and theories presented as such.
^ Just in case anyone was still in doubt that this is a blatant shitpost 😂
Obviously.
$$$
Just out of curiosity, what region are you in and what kind of climate change related consequences are you experiencing?
Lol
The section in the report about SR is what lead me to believe the main purpose of the entire report was to cover up/white wash the information surrounding the leaks. If you notice, even in the report, they don’t use definitive language about SR, meaning even they still don’t know and are just relying on “what was reported”.
You ever hear his interview on JRE? I’m not buying what that guy is selling.
Rule 10 has dramatically improved the /New section. If you can’t take the time to write out a 2 sentence blurb regarding what’s in the link you posted and what relevance it has to r/conspiracy, then you probably shouldn’t be posting at all. Just my $.02 anyway.
Heh? How does requiring a description of a link post have anything to do with “dictating what gets on the front page”? If anything, a SS will only help your post, considering almost nobody is going to randomly watch a 20+ minute YouTube video without knowing a thing about it.
And you think removing rule 10 will somehow *improve* the sub’s current state? How?
There’s a reason there is such a stigma against “preppers”. TPTB don’t want a population capable of fending for themselves in an event that would typically induce panic. They instead want you to rely on the government as much as possible.
There’s a way to say everything you just said without being blatantly anti-Semitic. No one will listen to you if you don’t figure out how to do that. This entire post just mixes decent points with blatant racism, and only makes the sub look bad. Some might even argue that’s the entire purpose of this post.
You can criticize the Jews without being a dick about it though. You only turn people off that way, and further discredit whatever ideas you’re trying to present.
Tim Pool has rapidly become one of my favorite (real) journalists.
I’m referring to OP, not you dick
What the fuck?
Interesting aspect of this story is that Collins-Smith was elected as a Democrat and then switched parties to the GOP in 2011. Might have to do some more digging here.
Now THIS is exactly what I had in mind when I made my original comment 😂
You can go watch the original video where those screen shots came from yourself. It does not appear to be photoshopped.
I will tomorrow if someone doesn’t do it before me.
Except the part where you definitively state that she was never in NXIVM.
And you know this how?
The picture of the tattoo I posted above That shows a scar in the exact same spot and a similar shape to the brandings taking place in OPs video is a pretty decent source to at least consider it plausible. You’re the only one here trying to state things as fact with absolutely zero evidence.
This is one of he most difficult questions to answer. I’ve been trying to figure it out since 2015, and every day since he was elected there is some event that happens that makes me flip flop back and forth. At this point, only time will tell. This upcoming election is sure to be entertaining at least.
It’s really not a big focus of the book at all. It’s pretty understandable why so many people all over the world and throughout time looked to religious texts for moral guidance. There’s a ton of shit in there that societies at large don’t pay attention to or agree with (except some extremist/orthodox sects).
It is now 🤷🏻‍♂️
~~Is he? Never heard that before. Would be interested in a link if you’ve got one.~~ Edit: Thought you meant Jimmy Dore. Yes, that’s the article they are discussing.
Please link me the photo of my dick publically shared on the internet showing a clear scar in the EXACT same spot as that other video that shows an NXIVM member getting a dick brand. Get out of here with that bullshit. You my friend just earned yourself a red RES tag.
Ohhh I thought you meant Jimmy Dore lol. Now your comment makes way more sense. And yes, I believe that’s who they are talking about.
Certainly on his way at least.
Ahhhh I see. So you actually posted this tweet because you think he’s actually serious? That really says a lot.
🤣🤣🤣
40% psyop, 59% edgey 14 year olds trying to be intentionally offensive, 1% actual anti-Semitism.
He’s been extremely neutral throughout the whole thing. Annoyingly so from my perspective, because I wish he spoke out against them more for doing the things he constantly rails against. Either way, him separating himself from them made him much more credible to me.
&gt;but he's still very much a neoliberal when it comes to economic policy How so?
True. He really needs to get spending under control. Hoping if he gets reelected he will try to tackle our bloated entitlement programs.
By that I mean, it's the power families from all of the different countries rising up against the powerful entities pushing globalism and inevitably threatening their own power. But what you said could also be just as likely.
&gt; Absolutely nothing he has done so far gives any indication that he cares at all about the deficit or the debt. That's just simply not true. https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-economy/trump-adviser-eyes-entitlement-cuts-to-plug-us-budget-gaps-idUSKCN1LX254 https://www.axios.com/trump-budget-to-slash-entitlements-by-17-trillion-1513302470-e8c26feb-a0fb-4b27-a876-2d4ee846446a.html http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/its-not-just-medicare-trump-budget-eyes-social-security-cuts-too https://www.ncpssm.org/entitledtoknow/trump-advisor-re-affirms-commitment-to-cut-social-security-medicare/ &gt;Why would he suddenly change everything about his second term? Because the reason no one ever goes after entitlements is because it's not a very popular position to take, even though the issue desperately needs to be addressed. Presidents in their second term don't have to worry nearly as much about pandering to certain groups in order to secure reelection.
...way to just completely ignore the entire second half of my response, explaining in detail why I believe his second term would be different.
Have you never seen the [Morpheus meme](https://imgur.com/gallery/gE8hDnY)?
The sriracha ones are straight fire. Had to start buying the individual pack boxes because I'd eat too many of them out of the can. 10/10
/s
Valid point, but the circumstances surrounding each are much different. Not exactly a fair comparison IMO.
Anyone starting to finally realize that there might *actually* be something to the SH conspiracies? YouTube just went after that event in particular for censorship. And now this nonsense.
&gt;Prove me wrong. Not possible. Because you're 100% right.
Got a source for that claim?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1%25_rule_(Internet_culture)
Surprised this is the first I'm hearing about this. Very interesting. But what does Buzz's tweet and Antarctica have to do with each other?
How does this guy still even have a show?
First of all, I don't think you know what the word "demonstrably" even means. Second of all, I've personally attended BCH conferences sponsored by Bitcoin.com hosted by Roger Ver, and it wasn't until I witnessed his bumbling ass speak live about the topic that I truly realized which side is full of shit. BCH was an airdrop, and Ver had already made his money in BTC. Therefore, he just doubled his supply, which makes sustaining the BCH market that much easier for him (and I don't believe him for a second when he claims to have "divested all of his BTC"). Finally, I read everything from everywhere. I have more comments in r/btc than I do in r/Bitcoin. *You* on the other hand, seem to have 99% of your comments in r/btc, and &lt;1% in /r/CryptoCurrency. So please, remind me which one of us is a brainwashed person drinking the koolaid again? 😂
Quantitative easing = rape
Or just create a Bitcoin fork 😂
My concern is searching for the truth, not what will make me money.
There's a reason why you aren't allowed to ask any questions about SH. There's a reason YouTube has banned all videos relating to SH.
Go ahead, give me your two best arguments to support such a ridiculous claim. I'd love to hear this.
Oh good, so we agree that r/btc is full of shit. Cool. How about some ACTUAL examples of “BSCore’s bullshit”? Come on man, here’s your chance to prove that you’re not just completely full of shit. I’m all ears.
🤣🤣🤣 You literally sound like an r/btc talking point robot, and yet you have the balls to call ME a brainwashed idiot?? Transaction fees and speed are literally the only arguments bcashers have, and both are a moot issue if you know what you’re doing (except confirmation times, as that’s a feature, not a bug). Solutions will arise from market need. There was no need to start drastically changing the entire structure like Roger wanted to do, which is why he couldn’t get the consensus necessary and decided to fork off on his own. BCH might prove to serve a different but necessary purpose in the future. Both can exist. My biggest problem is the bull shit argument of “muh were the *REAL* BTC!” All that does is confuse new users, and create more tension within the community. It’s a dirty tactic that only fools new users that don’t know what they’re talking about and are just rooting for a team, and gullible rubes.
Pretty terrifying precedent to set. Won’t be surprised if this isn’t the last we hear about this ruling.
Just for future reference, no need for an SS on a text post. Only for links. Also great post.
You’re right, they aren’t “smart bombs”. They’re remote controlled aerial drones with insanely high maneuvering capabilities (severely so compared to a 747, like one supposedly did). And yes, capable of carrying explosives. That guy in Nebraska could very easily pilot that drone in a downward almost 360 degree spiral and pull up within feet of the ground and crash perpendicularly to the Pentagon. Which is the path a rookie pilot supposedly accomplished in a 747.
What puzzles me is how one of the most heavily guarded and surveilled buildings in the country was only able produce a 4 frame blurry shot from a toll booth camera. That one’s a doozy.
Which happened to be under construction at the time...
The ones that hit the towers didn’t.
How could you say that when the complete opposite happened in this very thread?
I know right? On the one hand I agree, the guy sounds like a piece of shit. But at the same time, authoritarians always *start* with the pieces of shit because no one wants to support them. It's not until the precedent is set and the Overton Window shifts that people start to realize they'll be coming for them next eventually.
[Except for all the times it's been proven to be accurate.](https://www.intellectualtakeout.org/blog/not-every-slippery-slope-argument-fallacy)
Who gets to determine what a terrorist organization is? There’s people that say Proud Boys are a terrorist organization.
Why are you yelling?
They probably realized how obvious it became that they were artificially pushed to the top, and decided to just get rid of them. Otherwise, when you searched by top all time, you'd see a shit ton of net neutrality posts. That'd be my guess anyway.
&gt;and could be used to undermine their credibility at this point for any future issues. Great point. Hopefully that damage has already been done. But then again... people do seem to have extremely short attention spans these days, unfortunately.
+1 for your username
Election season is upon us.
Because it's annoying.
100%. The masses are idiots. Individuals aren't (typically speaking).
Got a source? I'm very interested in reading more about that.
I used to like that scene too. Until I realized it was objectively wrong. [Try giving this a watch](https://youtu.be/qOhDFCcmgvY). Pretty interesting.
OPs video + the video of her dancing on Ellen = I wouldn’t be surprised at all if it were true. Edit: Interesting, so I just tried to find the video on YouTube to link it, and I couldn’t. Had to use DDG to find it. [Surprised it’s still up.](https://youtu.be/WSmOuX6DtVU)
Found in your home gym with your head crushed by heavy weights - ruled an accident.
If you type in "Ellen Michelle obama dancing man", the video does not appear. Used to though.
I can’t open your Imgurs for some reason. You’re talking about Google? Because I’m talking about the YouTube search engine.
It certainly has, but it's gotten much worse ever since they decided promote "authoritative sources" over smaller channels. Makes searching for all things conspiracy theory related *much* more difficult.
&gt; I'm not sure why any conspiracy-minded person would be relying on YouTube's search function to find what they're looking for, though. Haha very good point
&gt;The anti-American propaganda on this sub-reddit is becoming worrisome. From a *mod* no less...
Have you seen the hole that was made in the Pentagon? Many researchers point out that it is significantly smaller than the size of a 747. They are still quite large, enough so to make a hole as big as the one we saw on that day. 135 mph low to the ground is fast to anyone who would see it, and multiple witness reports described an aircraft traveling at similar speeds. Ever hear of a bunker buster? They were designed to create the exact type of damage we saw. Also, you’re assuming that the publically available info on what arms a drone could carry is all that the CIA or special ops are capable of. I’m not saying that this is what definitely happened, I’m only trying to say that it is absolutely plausible. The fact that we have essentially zero footage of what exactly hit the building should make you extremely skeptical.
Definitely might sell one or two come November 2020 though 👀
That’s what you got out of that?
So now anyone who’s ever taken an old picture with someone as famous as Donald Trump can now be considered a credible rape accuser? And he’s supposed to know every person he’s ever been photographed with at a party? You don’t see how ridiculous of an argument that is? I’m not saying he’s innocent here, because we know very little so far. But using this photo as evidence that Trump is a liar is an argument that most of the public without TDS will see right through.
And that wing of the Pentagon also happened to be under construction at the time. And we only got 4 shitty frames out of one of the most heavily guarded and surveiled buildings in the country.
Does it now? Because a shitload of conspiracy theories just got a lot more credible evidence in their favor.
Are you accusing me of being someone who fits that description?
[Hodl on tight](https://imgur.com/f6TnaFp)
Are you insinuating that they should vote for Democrats? Or third party/not at all?
Corbet Report. Tim Pool’s YouTube channels. R/conspiracy.
Sorta like the theory that the whole "Dick Cheney accidentally shot someone while hunting" was just cover for the woman who was there that they were cheating with? I could see it.
/r/WatchRedditDie
This is a perfect example of two people with massive egos, only one actually has power in the situation and the other doesn't. Both people here are idiots. But it's still an unfortunate scenario. The guy picking up trash was just minding his own business and shouldn't be required to comply with a cops obtrusive orders when he wasn't doing anything wrong. At the same time, is the cop supposed to just walk away when he thinks a crime may be being committed? Wouldn't every criminal start doing this if they think it will work? Just deny you're doing anything wrong and claim the cop is harassing them for their skin color? Point being, when someone with a gun asks you to sit down, continuing to do what you were doing is not the right answer (even though it should be). While unfortunate, these kinds of interactions are only further perpetuated by the way the media chooses to report on stories like this. Something big needs to change from both sides of this debate simultaneously. Shitty cops need to start being held accountable, that would be the best place to start. Edit: According to OP, this opinion makes me a "bigoted racist retard"... to everyone else reading this, PEOPLE LIKE THIS (OP) are why shit like this keeps happening. The MSM pushes these "black vs white" narratives, saying cops are all racist assholes, and then people treat them as such (to their own detriment). The media radicalizes mentally weak and unstable people like OP, and the trend just gets worse. Recognize that situations like these are extremely nuanced, and there are not simple answers. If you think there are, then the only thing simple is you.
I can agree with you there. Like I said, I don't think this guy should have even been required to provide his ID or DOB.
FYI, I'm one of those "KKK and racist cops" that was blocked... in case anyone was wondering about the mental state of OP.
There are plenty of ways to increase security and anonymity (and even more will arise out of necessity). If you think the NSA and TPTB are happy about Bitcoin, then you've got a lot of learning left to do. Please educate yourself rather than spread harmful misinformation created specifically to turn the conspiracy community away from crypto in the first place. I'm happy to offer some suggested reading if you are interested.
&gt;This place was a lot better before you ~~td supremacists~~ brainwashed MSM mockingbirds took over. FTFY.
Not really sure what you are even trying to argue here.
Very true. It's the people who sucked in high school that make the shittiest cops. Ex-veterans at least know about respect.
&gt;But, I’m pretty sure you are under no obligation to provide your ID if you’re not being detained or arrested. The officer says in the video, "you're being detained under suspicion of trespassing". Not that that makes it ok, but still, the civilian responded like a child and escalated the situation. If this had happened to me, I would have been very angry with the officer, but I still would have complied and then taken it up with the courts later. Not walked away and said "You're not gonna do anything!"
&gt;people just want to create evil and chaos because they only want evil and chaos. Do you believe that is what is being shown in this video?
No, I mean people who make up racial scenarios in their minds due to mainstream media brainwashing, and attribute everything to race and talk about things like the fabled “systemic racism”. Was this cop wrong? Absolutely!!! That’s not what I’m saying here. Did the civilian cause the situation to escalate? ABSOLUTELY. Teaching young black men that this is an appropriate response to being “racially profiled” is not only wrong, but it’s dangerous.
Jesus you're dense. I see no point in furthering this conversation. You're mind's already made up. White men are racist and cops are evil, we get it.
I believe in the 2nd amendment but don't believe the government should be responsible for buying every citizen a Walther...
I believe they were referring to the obvious vote manipulation that occurred on reddit for both of those topics.
Something something dog whistles something something he hates all Mexicans.
It's literally the exact same argument.
It's shocking to me how little coverage this story is getting.
Opposing fascism? (and I don't use that term lightly) Edit: Please someone explain to me how rounding up a political party at gunpoint to force them to show up for a vote, that the opposition are simply asking be left up to the *voters* to decide in a ballot measure rather than a super majority, isn't fascism...
Psychotic, from the looks of it.
The GOP reps are literally trying to ask for these issues to go to a ballot vote, rather than just passed via a super majority... and the last time that happened, the constituents voted against the measure by 2:1... and you're trying to represent this as them "representing what their constituents want"? Did you not read the OP, or ANY news about the article? Or are you just getting your information from r/politics comments?
TLDR: &gt;All hail mainstream media! All hail the infallible Democrats and big tech! Orange man bad! Anyone who disagrees with me is a Nazi!
&gt; Not really here to argue more so just to understand points of view. [Lol you're very clearly not.](https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/c5biij/why_do_so_many_people_back_up_trump/es0tzzv/) Edit: I take this back. OP at least engaged me in what appeared to be an honest and respectful discussion, despite our disagreements. Good chat u/Mavalanche
Heard what about Trump? You have to give some specific examples. But in general to answer your question, there isn't one media outlet that could prove anything. That's not how finding the truth works. It takes a collaboration of information gathered from sources all across the spectrum.
&gt;Literally everyone DID get an immediate tax cut.... Until they filed their taxes. Are you one of those people that doesn't understand the difference between a tax cut and a tax return?
It certainly is to an extent.
Please see my other 20 comments ITT for my argument.
Oh cool, glad we agree 😉
Well said.
Quality shit post.
^ Hey look there’s another one
I'm saying it is certainly not a rule 9 violation, but UN13 could have had additional reasons for getting rid of that user's post, so I'm not going to be too quick to judge (and I'd be interested to hear an explanation from u/User_Name13 about it). The fact that that mod in particular is the one who banned them is still certainly interesting.
Oh for sure. I'm just trying to be as objective as possible here. And the user who started that new Trump sub doesn't strike me as a good faith actor. Me and UN13 have had our disagreements in the past, so I don't want to let that cloud my judgement. Need to look at the facts. But one fact is for sure, that post was not in violation of rule 9.
How does a meta post get removed for Rule 2?
saidit?
Yes, because people discussing now forbidden topics like Sandy Hook are great publicity for reddit... Wake up man, they can literally make up outrage for *literally anything* and use it against us.
Reddit Enhancement Suite. It's a truly wonderful extension tool with a lot of cool features. My personal favorite being the ability to tag people with words and colors, which link back to the post you tagged. Makes dealing with bad actors here much easier. And there are a lot of them. I personally mark any user that is here for an honest exchange of ideas in green, whether I agree with them politically or not. Anyone that exhibits traits described in the Gentlemen's Guide to Forum Spies gets tagged in red, noting the topics that they typically are spotted on. You'll be amazed at the clear patterns that form.
Streisand effect bitch
The film [Zero Dark Thirty began production before OBL was even killed](https://www.theatlantic.com/entertainment/archive/2016/07/operation-tinseltown-how-the-cia-manipulates-hollywood/491138/) (although Wikipedia appears to have already whitewashed this fact from their page). They allegedly had to "rewrite the ending" to include the raid. And if you watched the movie, it's literally boring as shit for the first 90% of the movie, up until the end when they actually show the raid. Hollywood was ready with the propaganda before the event had even occurred.
Wow really? How long has that been a thing??
Step 1 - Secretly help Iran acquire nuclear fuel Step 2 - Reveal to the public that Iran has nuclear fuel Step 3 - Invade Iran Step 4 - Profit
That’s at least a reasonable argument that I can respect. Claiming that people are suggesting asking about citizenship on the census would neglect legal residents isn’t. And that’s what my statement was in response to. Thank you for at least addressing the real issue.
They run cover directly for a sub with a long history of brigading and rule breaking.
Well his baby on the moon theory hasn’t panned out, and if there are oasises on Mars they’re hiding them from us. But damn is this guy impressive. Really hard to imagine him committing war crimes. I’m still not sure if I buy that.
It’s not cool by any means, but it certainly has some merit that the MSM helped sweep under the rug.
The donald users are the opposite of hypocrites. They are very open about what their sub is all about. Compared to r/politics that pretends to be neutral. To compare the two even a little bit is an absolutely nonsensical argument. Go try to spread anti-LGBT positions in a pro-LGBT and tell me that they’re wrong for banning “wrongthink”. There’s your comparison.
I meant more the hanging workers at his rocket factory stories. I definitely think he assisted in the war effort, but I can’t see him as a stone cold killer.
Like talking to a wall.
What do you think the Ice Bucket Challenge taught them?
I believe the Assassins Creed games have been revealing a lot of our true history. Especially the ones based in ancient Egypt and Greece.
Participate, vote, spread the word about this sub, and report any rule breaking content. That's about it as of now. We need to get big enough to the point where them shutting us down would cause a serious backlash. Especially if we can demonstrate that this community is not a rule breaking community (but then again, they'll probably just change the rules).
&gt;Muh private platform Got it. I fundamentally disagree, but fine, at least that's an argument. And yes, I 100% have. It's incredibly obvious to tell when it happens, too. Whenever one of my comments *doesn't* get mass downvoted in r/politics or just stays locked at +1, I logout and check and it is gone every single time. It's the easiest tell in the world.
I'm taking home an extra $200 a month in my paychecks and my portfolio is doing wonderfully. Add to that the level of regulations this administration has gotten rid of which makes my job easier, and I'd consider it to be pretty decent so far. Now we just need them to get the ridiculous levels of spending under control.
They've eased regulations in regards to federal credit union lending which my small business has greatly benefited from.
Because r/politics has a problem with common sense rebuttals to the circlejerk. It happens quite often. And I really couldn’t care less what you think at this point. Maybe when you get older and start to experience these things for yourself, you’ll look back and realized which one of us knows more about this issue. One can only hope you won’t act like a life long child like Bernie Sanders. Have a good day.
&gt;No, you don’t. Hey look at that, it happened again just today! [Here’s your proof](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/c6ldx5/jimmy_carter_says_trump_is_an_illegitimate/es9z5eq/?context=3)
Compare the comments of mine you can see with the comments I just wrote today. One doesn’t show up, despite it not breaking any rules.
No u Watch the video
What’s that? A whole town conspiring to keep a large secret from the public? But I’ve been told that’s not possible because too many people would need to be involved!!
They learned absolutely nothing from 2016.
That’s a bingo
It’s also pretty much the only unedited long form interviews out there (or at least it *was*, not so sure as of recently). Not hard to see why most career politicians would choose to *not* go on his show. Most of them can’t keep up their personas for more than an hour. Eventually the mask starts to slip. At least for the ones that have something to hide.
&gt;A group of German rightwing extremists compiled a “death list” of leftwing and pro-refugee targets by accessing police records, then stockpiled weapons and ordered body bags and quicklime to kill and dispose of their victims, German media have reported, citing intelligence sources. My false flag spidey senses are tingling on this one... anyone else? They need a reason to criminalize all anti-immigrant speech because the German people are starting to reject their plans. And now they have one. Textbook Problem-Reaction-Solution.
I think the idea of a second term Trump scares the shit out of them, because he can enact policies like term limits, lifetime lobbying ban, campaign contribution rules, airtime and tech rules, and many more actions that would have a profound, effective, and lasting impact on Washington, truly giving power back to the people. He doesn’t need to worry about getting paid after his Presidency, so he can’t be easily bought. And he’s not going to stay in politics or DC, he’ll likely fuck off to a private island or Beverly Hills or the Hamptons. And I believe this is why we’re seeing such a desperate attempt to stop this man at all costs from many career politicians (on both sides), media, big tech, etc. That’s my theory anyway.
Have you heard Bernie’s other positions? That’s his answer for literally everything, always *more* government. Also, our Healthcare system isn’t even close to being free market. It’s a horrible Frankenstein creature of a market economy combined with government regulation *and monopolization. Edit:*
I’d rather break them both up.
It’s essentially an even transfer of government to government. Taxing and regulating would require arguably more so. Unless they left it up to the states to decide for themselves, but I don’t think Bernie has ever supported leaving it up to the states as a solution for anything (if I’m wrong on that please let me know).
...because that’s Bernie’s position. That’s his solution when he says “take on the fossil fuel industry”.
Please provide me a single time I’ve “made shit up constantly”. In the mean time, [here’s a source](https://www.jacobinmag.com/2019/03/bernie-sanders-socialism-nationalization-industries) showing that you clearly don’t know what you’re talking about, and are therefore “making shit up”. I know I know, it’s much easier to try and smear/delegitimize your opponent when they tell you things you don’t want to hear. Anymore baseless accusations you’d like to throw at me? I’ll be here all night.
Read any of my other comments ITT, and you’ll realize that nothing is “working on me”.
Same enemies, MASIVELY different solutions.
You’re confusing your Roosevelt’s. Everything else I agree with.
Agreed, and I do give him credit for that.
Understandable mistake. FDR intentionally didn’t respond to the Japanese and knew the attack was coming 2 days prior. That’s why they moved our 4 aircraft carries out to sea for “training exercises”, which later were used to win us the war in the pacific. Just one among many other reasons to dislike FDR. Edit: [Here’s](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/8932197/Pearl-Harbour-memo-shows-US-warned-of-Japanese-attack.html) a decent source for those asking.
Haha that’s fair.
3 days prior actually, not 2. [Here’s](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/8932197/Pearl-Harbour-memo-shows-US-warned-of-Japanese-attack.html) a decent source from searching DDG quickly. I forget where I first learned this from though.
Amazon is changing the bidet game. $37 that will change your life. Worth every penny.
Be warned, it ruins every other toilet for you. I have one for every toilet in my house. And my office.
I try to give everyone at least 2 chances. If after 3 back-and-forth comments it’s still like talking to a wall, just walk away. Every once in a while though you’ll find people that come off as trolling initially, but after a few comments you realize they are actually slightly reasonable and just disagree with you, at which point interesting conversations can be had. But you gotta know when to walk away. Not worth the aggravation and stress in your life.
Censor all pro-Trump posts, duh.
I counted 5 lies in just this one Submission Statement alone.
Just type in “Hillary Clinton is...”
I had a large black serpent tell me “God is energy” over and over during a ceremony. It still fucks with my head to this day.
Wonder if your dog has a special ability too, or if all dogs have that capability 🤔
Sounds pretty close to what David Icke claims really happens.
Oh shit... sounds pretty special to me. Perhaps even some PTSD experiences?
Someone’s been pretty busy this morning...
&gt; “Deposit ~~$9.99~~ 100 IMF credits to continue your session for 10 minutes”
There's almost always a direct link. Typically to the Open Society Foundation.
Dumber than /r/fatsquirrelhate?
So I guess in that sense, it’s TBTB’s social manipulation that is out of control... meaning it’s no longer working anymore thanks to the internet and a freer flow of information.
That’s not true, we had to get the WMDs out of Iraq
Yea I don’t trust that embassy attack one bit. This whole thing smells fishy. The only way this could end well is if Iran says for us to take our troops out of Iraq, and then Trump actually does. Which would be a brilliant move politically, but not the one that TPTB are pushing for.
God damnit, that’s what I meant. Thanks, I’ll repost this tomorrow when sober
Because the POTUS spread known falsehoods in the name of a political agenda. I think that’s worthy of a reminder.
Watching CNN and other mockingbird outlets support the move (or at least not totally outright condemn it) makes me highly suspicious of the whole thing. But it’s still too early to tell what will happen. If another war with Iran comes out of all this, then that’s pretty much the last straw with me as far as Trump goes. But again, it’s still too early to tell. Remember when we were on the brink of WW3 with North Korea thanks to the Presidents tweets? Well look how that turned out, it worked (kind of, for now anyway).
Yes, he quite literally did.
What specifically in the 7 minute video clip that I posted did you disagree with?
So was tweeting at Kim Jong Un
Wow
My first thought exactly
Here's what the rest of your article says when you don't cherrypick one line... &gt;This has stunted the ability of European allies and others to trade with Iran, among other countries and entities. So some states are therefore looking to euros and other alternatives — including Chinese renminbi and cryptocurrencies — to carry out trade free of U.S.-imposed restrictions. &gt;Earlier this year, France, Germany and the U.K. set up the Instrument in Support of Trade Exchanges (INSTEX), which uses euros to bypass U.S. sanctions on Iran. While it’s not shown itself to be economically effective, it’s a sign that even allies are seeking dollar alternatives to rebel against U.S. policies they oppose. &gt;While the dollar looks set to retain its preeminence in global markets, Mnuchin admitted that there has to be a balance in setting policies that police international trade. &gt;“People don’t have to use the dollar, we have the right to put restrictions on people using the dollar. And over a long period of time, if we’re not careful, people will look at using other currencies.” &gt;Indeed, the dollar’s role as the premier reserve currency is receding — though very slowly. &gt;The dollar’s share of foreign reserves decreased from a high of 73% in 2001 to 62% at the end of 2018, according to IMF data. And the World Gold Council reported that central banks bought more gold in 2018 than at any other time since the gold standard ended in 1971, wrote James McCormack, an analyst for Fitch Ratings, in June of this year. I'm done addressing anything you say, because you're not worth anymore of my time. Go spam your copy/pasted propaganda somewhere else.
Not a war
[Does this sound like a man](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDoUnKcGKG4) that was ever worried about being caught up in the type of sick shit Jeff (and Bill) were into? Trump may be controlled, but it's not because of the Epstein shit. If anything, that was a counter-punch from him. Edit: This was downvoted twice before there was even enough time to watch the 17 second video.
&gt;These kinds of people had their hand in 9/11 on some level which means yes they will kill civilians. By "these kinds of people" do you mean our own deep state? Because if so, then you'd be correct.
Great point. A much needed PSA.
&gt;impeachment heat There's an oxymoron for ya
Oooh that's a good one, never heard that before! Have you learned anything new since making that post?
Like actually or figuratively? Because I could see either.
If they are *all* distractions, then what are they trying to distract everyone from?
Specifically the Ukrainians...
What the fuck is that supposed to mean?
Vegans are typically more docile and easier to control.
Also remember, [Everything is a Rich Man's Trick](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0plgCrvV_k)
Really does make sense when you think about it. Time will tell at this point.
It basically just means "questioning what we tell you". That ranges from complete denial of the entire thing, to questioning certain figures that have changed over time yet somehow stayed the same.
Sounds like something only a vegan would believe lol The Roman legion was literally [obsessed with bacon](https://histhisthistory.blogspot.com/2014/07/roman-army-rations.html).
[Weird](https://www.livestrong.com/article/319101-roman-soldier-diet/) how [so many](https://www.thoughtco.com/did-roman-soldiers-eat-meat-120634) historians [disagree with you](https://histhisthistory.blogspot.com/2014/07/roman-army-rations.html)
Don't insult acid like that lol
...meaning he was IN CUSTODY thanks to Trump's DOJ. Weird how he wasn't in custody under Obama's DoJ, or Bush's, or Clintons...
Also from the same source: &gt;Meat provided the soldier with protein and iron. Each Roman soldier received a daily ration of approximately 1 lb. of meat, typically bacon. The soldier would supplement this ration with pork, beef, veal, venison and mutton. Obviously, they couldn't eat meat all the time because it wasn't always available. But to your claim is not really accurate.
She broke up with him for his drug problem (which she currently has herself ironically), which some say lead to Macs suicide. But I think there was likely far more to that story, like Mac saw too much of what was going on behind the curtain. As I said, [she came up through the Disney/Nickelodeon system](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vl0OuXw_mTM). Sick fucks. I feel sorry for her. It’s no wonder she has PTSD.
Fry sauce on the burger for only 1-2 additional carbs
How convenient
The guy sure has gotten a lot done for being on vacation for 1/4 of his time in office. If true, that's actually impressive.
Wouldn't it be a little unfair to compare his travel costs to say, Obama's, anyway? Trump's family is much larger, and his kids have kids that also get protection (don't they?), which would already likely double the total compared to just Barack, Michelle, Malia and Sasha. But you know the media would non-stop bring it up as if it's an apples to apples comparison, so it would make sense for him politically to not want the media to get those numbers before the election. Though winters back and forth to Mar-a-Lago sure don't help.
[Here you go](https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/wiki/faq#wiki_10_-_submission_statements_are_required_for_link_and_image_posts._link_posts_without_a_statement_will_be_removed_after_20_minutes._a_submission_statement_is_a_2.2B_sentence_comment_in_reply_to_your_post.2C_in_your_own_words.2C_that_describes_why_the_post_is_relevant_to_the_sub.)!
&gt; He is notoriously lazy Can you please give me a single source that isn't Salon or Buzzfeed that claims he's "notoriously lazy"? Also do you have a source for the amount that he's golfed? Because [this source](https://www.trumpgolfcount.com/displayoutings) sure does have a shit ton of "Maybes" listed on it. It also appears that he isn't very far ahead of Obama's numbers.
Any relation to Ralph?
&gt;In early 2018, a few months after the cities of Oakland and San Francisco sued several major oil companies over climate change Likely the most ridiculous thing I’ll read all day
I still think the theory that this was a coordinated effort to take out Solemani due to his rising popularity and nationalism makes a lot of sense. Nor do I believe that the shooting down of that airliner was an accident. Still waiting to see that passenger manifest.
So then why wouldn't FB also be pro-Trump? Why do they censor any and all pro-Trump posts? I don't follow your logic here.
Do you use old reddit or new?
Looks like they're using the YouTube method. Roll it out slowly to select users, then eventually expand it to everyone. Fuckers.
"Pseudoscience"
Can you give an example of something positive about Obama that's conspiracy related?
Just looked at OP's profile. I get it now.
What?
See this is what happens when you give people free shit. Eventually you run out of other people's money, they'll riot when you try to take it away. This won't end well for France. And California is right behind them.
Haha fair enough, just figured I’d mention it
It's a shame this comment will get buried once this post hits the FP.
Ooh I like that quote
Thirded
Got any evidence behind that claim? If so then it sounds like I need to switch again.
Fair enough
Seriously. I pretty much stopped watching once he stopped broadcasting the episodes live. Haven't really trusted it ever since. I only watch occasionally now when it's a guest I like (or a big name like RDJ just to see how the interview goes). My theory has always been that in order for him to gain access to BIG name people like RDJ or Edward Norton or Bernie Sanders etc., he had to stop broadcasting live, so that TPTB could still have final say about what information actually makes it into the show or not.
Graham Hancock's most recent episode, episode 1284. [He also tweeted about it as well](https://twitter.com/Graham__Hancock/status/1120496302910050305).
Bonus points if you pick a topic that the professor will actually be interested in while they're reading it. Automatic A if you can entertain them.
I don't think they could have picked a more Orwellian name for their censorship team if they tried.
I think it's a symptom of this sub entering more into the "mainstream". More users, and more users that are brought in by "mainstream approved" conspiracy theories. Meaning that the truly "out there" conspiracy theories (which are obviously the more fun ones) get dismissed quickly and never make it very far. Leaving the FP of this sub rather *bland*. If you sort by /New it's a little less bland.
My knee jerk response would be because it’s too close to the truth.
Many people, including myself, have become suspicious of the podcast ever since they stopped going live. This post is meant to address that. Check out my SS.
&gt; I think they made the right choice. Ultimately, he doesn't get paid by anyone to sit in that chair in front of that mic. So whatever content he provides is because he finds it enjoyable or entertaining. The fact he gets some awesome guests who are extremely knowledgeable about specifc topics is a bonus. That's a pretty great way to look at it honestly. The conspiracy side of my brain has always thought that in order for him to get big name guests like Hollywood A-listers and prominent politicians on the show, he would have to stop going live, that way the TPTB could still have control over what information reaches the public. Think about it, how often do you ever see A-list stars do long form interviews that are over 2 hours long? They are kept in such a bubble, that they aren't even allowed to do such things. Unless someone can name me some examples that I'm unaware of, because I can't think of any. I think he learned that if he played ball, and edited out what powerful people might ask him to, then he could take his show to a new level. But that's just a conspiracy theory.
&gt; Who or what do people think is responsible for 'incorporating' a business? Could you please explain what you mean by that?
Almost more impressive when done in street shoes.
What makes you say that? Not saying that your wrong
Why do you think there are people pushing for 8 1/2 month abortions to be legal...
Got an honest, ethical, intelligent politician you can name from any party?
&gt; I assume everyone testifying for the impeachment for example, were all 'deep state'? .......
&gt;he spoke of a false flag attack that would be blamed on bin Laden
I believe they were talking about the user you were debating above, not Rosanne.
What a disgusting thing to teach young minds. Not only is it complete bullshit, but it will crush any sense of drive they might have had to succeed. Truly disgusting.
&gt; Economic communism(inorganic controlled economics) has taken over everything. And then fools go and blame capitalism, and demand MORE government interventions instead.
From your asinine comment. That's like saying 95% of shark attacks happen in shallow water. Pure propaganda, pushed by the UN to further the Paris Agreement.
There’s literally not a shred of imperical data to support the claims made in the Paris Agreement. If you believe that there is, then you’ve been lied to.
“All the scientists in the world” 😂😂😂
Those were the golden days
Would be even crazier if it was the Year of the Snake
Pollution is 10x worse for the environment than “carbon emissions”. The reason TPTB want us to focus on “carbon emissions” is so they can go after the global top 10%. This goes much deeper than class warefare. It’s about global control.
All sources I’ve been able to find for these numbers come from propaganda pieces pushed out to support the Paris Climate agreement. What a coincidence they all came out around the same time.
Bingo
Apparently Bill Barr assaigned him to a “lowly desk job” and then somehow he got a better one. I’m still surprised he wasn’t promptly fired.
Yes, but the article claims Bill Barr assainged him to a “lowly desk job”.
Those are actually some pretty good points. Definitely going to dig into this one further.
I call bull shit. He just doesn’t want the Bidens to testify during the impeachment hearings, so he announces a case that will go nowhere like all of the others. If you ask me, I say Graham is culpable in the same schemes that the high level dems are involved with. Just like his buddy McCain was, and Mitt Romney.
It’s all going according to plan.
The biolab location is certainly suspect.
Wow awesome video, thanks
If it is actually as bad as people are claiming it is, then that means they did so intentionally.
About as fresh as your whole Orange Man Bad schtick 🤷🏻‍♂️
Thoughts on SARS?
[Holy shit, he actually did](https://www.who.int/news-room/detail/24-01-2020-who-mourns-passing-of-dr-peter-salama). And at age 51.
They’ve had alerts set for SH as well for years now. Those two events (SH and BMB) attract bad actors almost immediately, even all these years later. Speaks volumes.
Yea, by making it look like a deadly virus...
Link to original tweet or cartoon?
You still need to put your SS in a comment, otherwise the bot will delete the post.
Holy cognitive dissonance, Batman! Must be nice to only consider one side of every argument, and just pretend that those that disagree with you are both brainwashed and evil. My how simple your world must be.
&gt;Rumor has it trump made bank off Kobe dying Interesting, where’d you hear that?
They’ll destroy *their* country.
&gt; Tell a lie, repeat it, #REPEAT IT LOUDLY. Blame someone and repeat the lie. Repeat it again and just wait. The populous will carry it Kinda like how you blindly believe all of the anti-Russia propaganda?
/r/OopsDidntMeanTo/ "I was hacked!"
&gt;People can obviously still record and post later, but a lot can happen in the time between. Not to mention, video released later after the fact is not nearly as reliable as a fucking LIVE stream. Things can be edited and altered later on, live streaming is about as real as it gets.
Yea didn't some kids from Hong Kong create it?
This is not true, at all. Cell service got dodgy Thursday night, and Friday up until about 1 am because there was literally thousands of people in the same area, 90% of them on their cell phones the whole time. Im in MPLS, and have viewed probably close to 100 hours of live streams, some were stopped quick, but came back in a couple minutes. Pretty much every stream stopped when the streamer decided to stop streaming.
[Already been invented](https://youtu.be/ohmajJTcpNk) unfortunately.
Posting a propaganda article in a sub about propaganda. How fitting.
That's kinda the point...
Do you have an archive of it that you can post? I want to read it, but I don't like going to links that people can't even type out.
Sounds like you need to seriously look at your epistemological processes...
[Not going to credit Donald Rumsfeld for the quote](https://www.upi.com/Defense-News/2003/04/11/Rumsfeld-Looting-is-transition-to-freedom/63821050097983/)? Glad we're listening to him on this one. He's been such a great friend to America after all... &gt;The US Government has long considered riots and looting to be reasonable paths towards freedom. Here's a real quote for you: &gt;Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people **peaceably** to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances. Stop trying to justify looting and arson. MLK is rolling over in his grave right now.
Nailed it.
Please let me know if you find anything. Sounds very interesting.
&gt;and Donald Trump's initial refusal to denounce the white nationalists behind it all Why bother listening to someone that [spreads complete lies](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2017/08/14/white-house-response-to-charlottesville/564199001/)? These people are not interested in the truth, or justice. They only want control.
&gt;The overton window of what is considered racist will always continue to shift. They've legitimately convinced a decent portion of this country to believe that if you support the sitting President of the United States, then you are a racist. Absolutely zero room for any gray area. It's pretty alarming.
Or maybe programmed to kneel on a guys neck for 8 minutes and kill him in front of the cameras...
Yet again, another post that this sub should swarming too... yet somehow it's sitting at only 173 upvotes after 7 hours, even with 96% upvote rate?! Smells fishy to me. This lady is likely onto something.
Interesting that the audio cuts back in just in time to hear her testimony.
That's what I get for using a bullshit site like USAToday. Even their first sentence is bullshit &gt;After two days of public pressure to renounce white supremacists Renounce insinuates that Trump is a white supremacist. So you can immediately see the game they're trying to play right off the bat. [How about we just go to the primary source?](https://youtu.be/CMQWJDVg8PA?t=54)
&gt;giving out hand sanitizer like it’s water I watched hours upon hours of livestreams from people on the ground in multiple different cities. Not a SINGLE time did I see anyone even mention hand sanitizer. Sounds like a CNN talking point to cover for their own hypocrisy if you ask me. Do you have a source for where you heard that?
Now do all of the euphemisms for rioters, looters and arsonists! Here, I'll start: "peaceful protesters" "peace activists" "human rights advocates"
100% this. And tbh, all of this cop-hate we're currently seeing is actually pushing me away from being on their side and more onto the cops side. Something I never thought I'd see happen.
Better rule proposal: include archived links to original context articles so that we don't provide these shitty news corporations with ad revenue they don't deserve. Like this: https://archive.is/5FkuT Also, how exactly is this post misleading?
Luckily for us, their hypocrisy on this one is so glaringly obvious that it's actually waking a lot of people up to the (attempted) media manipulation. A thin silver lining in all of this.
&gt; Contrary to what the OP seems to believe, Reddit doesn’t have many leftists Holy shit 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 ^ This person right here is part of the exact fucking problem OP is talking about I can't believe what I just read.
I feel as if I was completely duped. And I pride myself on being very hard to fool. In this case, I totally took the bait, even though I knew that all the other pandemic scares that came before it were complete horseshit. This time, the fact that the MSM, and the WHO kept refusing to talk about this "new virus" and claiming it wasn't a problem, meanwhile China was locking down the entire Hubei province, lead me to believe the conspiracy theories that it may actually be a bioweapon. The fact that I was traveling through China and Japan back in January and February probably had a lot to do with my fears, but still. I should have known better.
One had a political message that resonated with many people... the other was a pointlessly political shitpost. There's no mystery here. Everything you deduced from your little "experiment" is nothing more than biased conclusions made up from completely irrelevant anecdotal data. And thanks for completely sidestepping the crux of the matter here, which is TMOR's relation to a large majority of the actual vote manipulation that takes place around here. But sure... keep trying to sell yourself as an unbiased observer...
I'm in the fucking conclave, which is exactly how I know you're so full of shit. Which is also why what I say might come off as dismissively rude to you, because I know exactly what game you're playing here. I've seen it for years. And that's weird, I don't see a single thing in your response that addresses TMOR. Is that the "wall of text" you edited out? &gt;The front page is constantly clogged by shitposts from a handful of users and you really think this isn't coordinated somehow? Fucking joke. And which users would that be exactly? Since it is only a handfull, after all...
Anyone who uses the term "bootlickers" unironically is a major part of the fucking problem.
&gt; Why do it so publicly? Perhaps to try and ignite a race war? It being an election year and all...
I wonder if there's anything significant about that name. Including Rodeo Drive.
The non-racists appear to be the ones that don't give a shit about any of this, while the racists are the ones too busy calling everyone else a racist lol
They did it to Bob Marley though with his boot...
You think he was justified in those actions because someone called him a word?
Thank God we at least still have real butter.
That’s arguably one of the worst ways to get your facts these days. The only thing more controlled and manipulated than hashtags is Google.
I remember when I would say things like this when I was in my early twenties. Now I just cringe. Having a nation is infinitely better than having no nation at all.
How so?
"Peel back some of truth's protective layers"...
Easy to say that from the comfort behind your keyboard. In the real world, it's not so simple. Yes in theory that would be great if we all did it. But in practice, a majority are obeying the draconian laws that have been put in place, which makes it easier for authorities to crack down on the "non-compliant". Strip business licenses away, etc. They can make it impossible for your business to continue existing, pandemic or not.
No this is the opposite of what they wanted. They wanted lawmakers with Ds next to their names to pass something, and then Trump would strike it down because he's a racist who hates black people, and then they could continue their fight against the orange man. These people aren't looking for solutions, they're just looking for more grievances.
Haha not bad. Wouldn't surprise me in the slightest at this point.
We're not even close to *that* time yet. This shit can still be saved at the ballot boxes now that more people than ever are paying attention. That being said... it is always good to be prepared, just in case.
Blue Beam?
Unfortunately, anyone with a brain refuses to go into politics. Sooo... no.
You clearly haven't been paying attention, have you...
My favorite is when the same group of people that try to argue "gender is a social construct", are also the same ones to then say "in order to fully conform to the gender that I was born with, I must cut off my penis". ...huh?
I remember when they tried to teach me that in collect. The entire concept of "race is not real" falls apart on minimal scrutiny. So I'll let you start. How exactly is race not real?
No...
Nadler is one of the biggest pieces of shit in DC. Arguably one of the biggest "swamp creatures", evidenced by his actions and blatant lies to the American public, particularly over the last 3 1/2 years. Yet this post claims he's "based"... which is the most laughably cringey thing I've read all week. And just to be clear, I'm still not convinced that Barr isn't just as much of a swamp creature, so that has nothing to do with what I just said. But I fully support him telling Nadler to fuck off, no matter what the topic.
What's cringey is watching you pretend to be an authority figure on absolutely any topic discussed in this sub. The only thing you're an authority figure on is leftist talking points. In that area, you're certainly an expert.
All that means is that the US benefits on the front end and the back end. I love how people will still try to claim that the petrodollar is a "debunked conspiracy theory". Particularly in a god damn conspiracy subreddit.
It has to be bullshit considering they conveniently left **crowded protests** off of the list.
It's telling how protests of any kind don't even make this list...
Church without a mask is dangerous. But church with a mask is still an 8? This list is ideologically driven bullshit.
&gt; Considering that MLK was a socialist Since when?
&gt;whos killing a cop? Felony murder carries a potential death sentence. &gt;it wasn’t self defense. It 100% was and I’m baffled that anyone could even try to argue otherwise.
Conspiracy to silence free speech. Why are *you* in conspiracy?
Do you only get your information from MSNBC, or do you read a lot of Washington Post too?
So if I run away from the cops and shoot at them, they aren't allowed to shoot me? Good to know!
Lol it's absolutely wonderful here. Keep listening to your UN approved propaganda all you want, I don't give a fuck. &gt;Like fuck would I trade places with you, no offence America Glad to hear it. We don't want you anyway.
Ohhh you still trust what the WHO and Faucci are saying? Well there's your first problem...
Like I said, I would never live inside a Democratically controlled city like Flint. Those places are rapidly turning into shitholes.
Blaming one side does not automatically make me a supporter of the other, despite what your propaganda might tell you.
It's a bunch of foreigners that like to do nothing more than shit on America and Americans. Literally over half of reddit these days are Canadians or people from the UK, saying we need more socialism and climate change. This place is completely fucked.
Only CNN and Washington Post articles will fly with this guy ^
How about one comparable to the flu? And even then, the flu is SIGNIFICANTLY more fatal to younger people, particularly children, than covid. Can't remember the last time billions of people were locked down over a bad flu season...
You seem to still believe that shutting everything down had anything to do with keeping people safe...
&gt;I remember when this sub was basically dead. I've been here for over 8 years, when the hell was that? Do you remember what happened here in 2016? I'll give you a hint... it has nothing to do with Trump supporters.
Fine, free thought sub. We don’t ban people simply for disagreeing like most other subs on Reddit do these days.
Just because YOU don’t take the time to do your own research and instead rely on the MSM to tell you what to believe, that doesn’t mean there isn’t evidence or doctors talking about it. [Exhibit A](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-italy-virus/new-coronavirus-losing-potency-top-italian-doctor-says-idUSKBN2370OQ)
I remember when I believed this when I was 14. It all made so much sense! JFC the fact the there are grown adults who read shit like this and think "Yea! Why don't we just put homeless people in all of these empty houses?", makes me fear for this nation.
To this day it's the most telling piece of evidence in this entire internet investigation.
Ahh thanks for the clarification. Although given how well their “computer models” worked out so far... not including them was probably a good thing 😂
Weekend At Biden’s
&gt;Tou know nothing of me or my sources... *Links to NYTs* 😂😂😂😂 Enjoy your fear porn and living in terror of the invisible virus that is only a threat to your 90 year old grandma then, I really couldn’t care less.
Glad we agree that mail-in ballots lead to a greater potential for fraud. So I ask again... why oh why would one party in particular be trying to push them on the public so hard? 🤔
Absolutely. Or I’m also a fan of making Election Day a national holiday. Down with extending poll hours as well. Government provided voter ID cards free of charge. Shuttles and assistance for the elderly, disabled, or disadvantaged. Down with all of that. Things I’m not down for: Electronic voting machines (ones without a physical paper ballot) Vote-by-mail (except maybe in an extremely small amount of exceptions) No ID requirements I feel these are all rather fair, no?
And yet there’s still so many people that don’t see the problem with that... You don’t have to be a Trump supporter to recognize who TPTB are rooting for.
Dear god, you’re probably right
At least when Trump fucks up his words when he’s freballing, you can at least still get the gist of what he’s trying to say, and it usually makes sense more often than not. When Biden fucks up his words, he has absolutely no idea what he was even trying to say, or often even what the question was. Comparing the mental states of these two men is quite literally not even close. And the sooner you stop fooling yourself and realize that, the better for the entire party.
100% positive. I've seen it no less than 30 times on YouTube in the past week or two.
&gt; it is clear as day to anyone who looks at the evidence objectively that the Democratic party votes better on pretty much all issues. .........yea, if you're a Democrat Are you really that in your own liberal bubble? There's political differences for a reason. You FUNDAMENTALLY look at the world in a much different (and I would argue, flawed) way than the people who disagree with you. &gt;I challenge you to find me a single instance where Republicans voted for the right thing while Democrats didn't. So in your mind, the "right thing" means "things I agree with"? Gee, what a shock. Those you politically line up with vote for things you politically agree with. What a fascinating discovery!!! And just to respond to your "challenge"... how about the TPP? It was President Trump who shut that shit down, not your precious Democrats.
I used to think that was a bad thing. Now not so much. Patriotism is part of the glue for a nation. Not nation-building war games, mind you, but patriotism for one's own country. We can support our military and show them in a positive light without advocating for unnecessary foreign wars and engagements. That's one thing our culture has been seriously lacking the last few decades. And now we can all see what that leads to...
&gt;my point is that the amount of times they are faked is significantly lower than the number of actual hate crimes What exactly are you basing this on?
&gt; What about when infowars burned a homeless man's stuff and tried to blame it on protestors? ....ummmm what?
All conjecture at this point, no real evidence for it's existence. However, interestingly enough, DeepFakes were mysteriously introduced to the public around the same time that the whole frazzled.rip story started making waves. As for it's contents or even its existence, that is still yet to be seen by anyone.
I understood it no problem. OP makes a great point.
&gt;So if you chose to believe someone with such a deranged view of things, then that's on you. He seems like yet another person so obsessed with Trump that everything remotely related to him becomes a "you're the enemy, you support Trump" accusation. I wish we had a name to describe this kind of mental condition... like a syndrome of some kind...
Don't need to imagine anything. We're living it!
I do not believe you at all. If anything you saw the Skippy video.
That’s exactly why I still can’t get over the [Biden ad](https://old.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/hdym81/new_biden_campaign_ad_has_a_gaffe_in_the_very/) with a gaffe in the very first sentence. Shit like this doesn’t just go live to the public by accident.
Wonder how many of those “fraudulent ballots” were actually fraudulent, or were they just ballots that were for candidates that the people in charge just didn’t like...
He supports Socialism... that’s all you needed to know in the first place 😂
A lot of subs have a time delay to display comment votes. For example, in this sub comment votes don’t show until an hour has passed. Also, using words like retarded on Reddit is practically begging for downvotes. Just for future reference.
Saidit
All you need to do is look at which direction ALL of the legitimately fake news articles flow in to see that he's right about who he calls "fake news". And yet here you are... defending the fucking NYT.
You do realize a large majority of landlords and businesses are small businesses, right? Most don't have shareholders they need to answer to. &gt;So shouldn’t companies be allowed to fail if ppl arent spending money there?? That’s capitalism as far as I’m concerned.. 100% agree there. Problem is, it's not free market capitalism when it is the government stepping in and MANDATING that people can't spend their money at your business. In that case, it's the government's responsibility to offset the damage they've caused. Same goes for the citizens too, though.
Have you really whittled this entire situation down to it being as simple as that? My how easy it must be to live in your black and white version of reality.
2006 to Condé Nast.
Have you not been reading the updates? They’ve been stealth deleting old posts for a while now.
Saidit
You’re discrediting the biggest and quite possibly most important conspiracy of our lifetime that is currently happening as we speak... [Educate yourself](https://youtu.be/YHzJCMOo1x8).
To many of us that already understand what is happening, this is a fantastic post. Anyone that isn’t capable of understanding that has much to learn. How come I immediately understood what OP was posting about? Continuing this conversation past this point is nothing more than gaslighting.
Part of being free is the right to live your life without wearing a mask everywhere you go. Or going to an event with crowds over 10 people. Or eating at restaurants.
https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/ex80sl/yesterday_over_350_comments_and_links_were/
Controlled opposition. But what does that have to do with anything anyway?
You are an insane person.
What's even crazier is that people actually upvote shit like this...
I don’t see too many conservatives trying to “cancel” people... I don’t see too many conservatives trying to censor free speech... I don’t see too many conservatives pushing for these draconian lockdown measures.... Sure you could probably find some anecdotal examples, but by and large, the authoritarianism and, dare I say, *fascism*, appears to be emanating quite consistently from one party at this point in time.
I wouldn’t even call them stupid. Just gullible. The MSM mind control is realer than any conspiracy that has ever been posted here, yet the majority of people continue to *choose* the path of ignorance. Everyone is too busy with netflix and social media to actually have the time to dive into issues. And honestly, I don’t think the dems plan on selling Biden to the public will work. They will try to sell the VP.
