I can't help but feel like all these recent posts about how *wonderful* this new Plex integrated service is (don't forget to mention the 6 month trial!) are paid advertisements. Who in their right mind would pay up to $27 a month to listen to music when all the competition is almost 1/3 of the price?
I'm not at the computer at the momemnt, but if you go to manage server - library - and double click the library - show advanced settings , do you see the option to remove fanart.tv for image fetching? Theres also manage server - library - display - to remove external content
Possibly a dumb question, but will this change the skin on clients such as Roku, xbone, Samsung TV, etc? I'm fairly new to Emby so I'm not entirely sure on what "Emby Theater" encompasses.
What's a computer?
But what about all the wasted space on the screen with *new* reddit on a desktop? Like half a paragraph and a single image from *one post* take up the entire monitor.
For Android I use baconreader that will also show all your comment replies in a single list as well as allowing you to see the context of each reply.
He's also a body double for Voyager's EMH!
Yes I don't think the new ones are up to the same caliber, but they set the bar pretty high with the first three seasons. I just assumed they were running out of ideas rather than Netflix influencing the show.
Good point, but the simulation couple defied all odds and wound up together, which certainly follows the happy ending trope. Not to mention the all bad stuff you mentioned happened mostly off screen or in montage scenes, so it's hard to relate to or consider their misery.
&gt;Because you're dead inside. FTFY Source: former retail employee
That must smell terrible as well.
I didn't think the podcast feature was all that bad. I have gotten into them lately since I have a Spotify Premium account, but then I tried to use Plex to listen to one via Chromecast and it just sat there buffering for 5 minutes. I wound up just pairing my phone to my receiver via Bluetooth and using Spotify.
I wouldn't say the addons were necessarily the problem. I think the biggest issue was with people selling turnkey Android boxes with Kodi + piracy add-ons all over craiglist, ebay, facebook, etc. This made Kodi synonymous with piracy to people who don't know anything about media servers/players, piracy, or any other related topic. Similar to how Juul's = teen vaping even though they are a relatively new company and the vaping scene has been around for a decade. They are just the most visible "mainstream" company that gets blamed for things out of their control.
Are we still doing phrasing?
Ah, so it will only take 347 days of 24/7 play in order to get that horse! Not bad!
The license on the box can also say that you must surrender your first born child to the movie studio, but that doesn't mean it's the law. A public performance is a performance conducted in a public place or to a group outside your family/friend circle. What you're arguing is absurd. [Also you may want to watch out when telling people that they can copy their media as this violates the DMCA depending on the content, which is promoting piracy! (Search AACS2)](https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2018/10/26/2018-23241/exemption-to-prohibition-on-circumvention-of-copyright-protection-systems-for-access-control)
You're gonna infect the tv with a computer virus!!
You wouldn't understand. It's a roof thing.
Or IFS or by cutting the fenders rather than lifting the frame.
I wonder if amish people have that same dream but with a horse and buggy.
I believe it was one of the last episodes. It regarded the Toyota acceleration scandal.
Wow I binged through all of season 1, 2, and part of 3 until I was caught up and I thought I heard this episode toward the end of the run. I agree season 3 wasn't as hard hitting but it was a great series overall.
They have air handlers than can scrub the stank out of the air. I also live in Oregon and my old friends dad had a setup that was sealed off with thick plastic sheets and an air handling system prior to full legalization. You wouldn't know otherwise without seeing the garden itself.
The only thing worse than the Enterprise theme song is the S03 Enterprise theme song.
I really like the longsword for its quickness, it can be buffed, and it's one of the highest attack straight swords at max level IIRC. Edit: now I can't remember if I've actually been using the longsword or broadsword...
The trick is to aim for the vertical part of the trunk, where you shouldn't be able to run in "real life," to give you the vertical boost you need.
Gremlins can't survive in those climates which is why you don't see any up (or down) there.
Your brother probably threw up from the camera shaking so badly.
I recall reading an article that he would call Fortune (or Forbes?) every year when they would create their list of the top wealthy people and argue about where they placed him, their numbers, and assessments. It got so common that it was a running joke around their office.
Bed Bath and Beyond in Click
I really love the idea of home automation and I'm in to all kinds of electronic gadgets, but I will never ever buy a listening device that connects to advertising companies and install it in my home. WTF are people thinking? I would fully support an open source option that does not require you to connect to someone else's servers directly. However I don't have the business nor technical expertise to create something like that.
They'd probably just cancel any kind of gift exchange as the simplest solution. Much better to just out her to a couple loudmouth coworkers.
Why not go for a console at that point? The advantage of a PC is it's modular design. Hardware becomes obsolete too quickly to lock yourself into a specific set of components, unless you have disposable income levels to upgrade every couple of years.
Just create a library titled "6 Minute Abs" and Plex will magically add metadata for all your workout videos!
Is the channel guide subscription in addition to the Emby subscription?
Does it have a JDM engine overnighted from Japan and NOS, two of the big bottles?
Y'all can buy a new rug but what am I gonna do about my legs?!
I am the captain now.
My name is Dirk Manhandler... *tire* salesman.
This was not a beautiful troll.
She probably has pity for OP for buying Fallout '76 and is giving him a pass.
Shh
Can you find Mickey Mouse?
\**keyboarding intensifies*\*
"Guy's it turns out we forgot to put gas in it."
They have great prices. I think the store is called something else now though.
It's a false flag operation. They didn't even capture it!
BFV doesn't have choppers *or* enemy spotting. You're pretty much fucked if you want to fly in this game.
Change the default controls on console. They don't make any sense to me. I used legacy/veteran for sticks and buttons
I was doing this for a while until I started getting a bunch of single batteries that couldn't be charged because all my battery chargers required matched pairs and wouldn't charge correctly. I wound up recycling them and buying Costco packs for $20 that come with something like 100 non-rechargable batteries. I figure I'm breaking even since rechargeable cost about $8-10 for a 4 pack.
Once you play you'll understand. It took me about 3 hours to beat Gundyr and that was after almost a full playthrough of bloodborne. It gets significantly easier for a while after beating him though.
Gross
This is b/s. There has never been a 1:1 comparison between a phone with a replaceable battery and an identical phone that's sealed. Just because I didn't buy a bootlooping LG or Chinese garbage doesn't mean I prefer "form factor" over replaceable batteries.
No company offers this because it means they get more of your money because of it. If nobody wanted it, it wouldn't have been the standard for the last 30 years.
Gaslight me all you want. It's not working. This was not a consumer based descision.
I'll gladly take 200 microns of additional thickness to avoid paying hundred of dollars to have a battery swapped one time. I have an extra battery that I can swap in my phone in less than 10 seconds to get a full charge. I don't think your assumed rectangular prism calculation accounts for that. Also, my phone has a built in stylus, IR blaster, and headphone jack taking up additional space. Features the iPhone lack.
It looks like a [Reaper spacecraft](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/masseffect/images/2/25/Sovereign_charshot.png/revision/latest?cb=20140409064900) from Mass Effect.
It's just like real life, but in a game.
I'll take this one over the common misspelling bot any day. Alot
If you get up the hill quick enough and hold back once you see it, the one standing there on the hill overlooking the door will hear the others fighting and run to do a 3-on-2 fight and the ghru always win in that scenario.
Yeah last time we flew to Vegas the flight back to Portland was delayed 3 hours and they not only contacted us ahead of time to let us know, but gave us each a $75 voucher toward our next flight and a $25 meal credit. Our friend flew Delta to Vegas from NJ and while leaving NJ he was stuck sitting in the plane on the runway for *4 hours* before finally taking off and they wouldn't even give them water.
And it feels like the only Christmas song I've heard for the last 20 years. Time to lock it in a cellar and let it age for another 50 years.
Same reason people smoke cigarettes over pipe tobacco.
Note 4
Not even $30. I bought two Anker batteries for my Note 4 for $15 each and swap back and forth when I need a full charge and don't want to plug the phone in.
What's horrible about a plastic-backed phone? You prefer glass-backed so that if you drop it 12 inches it shatters? Or that it feels like a slippery fish in your hand?
The manufacturers have spoken, you mean.
It won't solve the MMC issue. In fact flashing the firmware accelerates the problem from what I've read.
You can grab the earth's junk and play with it apparently.
Got milk?
Grab that *south pole* and see where the sun don't shine.
$15 Tylenol? Last time I was in the ER after a car accident they charged $60 per pill for my Tylenol.
Not an issue for whom?
Which is why they shouldn't be sealed in the phone. Imagine if you have to remove your engine every time you needed an oil change. It would probably annoy you as well. Before you reply with "waterproofing" and "sealed batteries are bigger," spare me the b/s. There are waterproof phones with removable batteries and iPhone batteries are just as tiny as they've always been.
Wait to refill until you get to the next new bonfire so you're not backtracking through enemies you've already killed.
Yes. I've been using them for years and even filed my taxes with them for free the last two years. They make their money promoting credit cards and loans.
Specifically the WD MyBook or Easystore 8TB external drives can be purchased for ~$120 when on sale
You shouldn't have a limit on it. They exclude their gigabit customers from the cap in my area (Oregon).
Petapickles is where it's at, man.
Why? Do you think poverty and reproduction are different in Romania? People are people no matter what imaginary lines you draw around them.
I think it's actually a window.
Jesus how do you manage to turn with street tires on asphalt? I struggled to turn on asphalt even with sand paddles and shaved fronts, due to the solid read axle.
Yes! It totally does.
Justy was made by Subaru. This is a Geo Metro from GM.
That's likely a troll account from a non-native English speaking person. I'm betting they're from a certain country in eastern Europe.
Here's a great story about this from a while back: https://www.wweek.com/portland/article-1616-rubbish.html-2
You'll understand once you work an office job during the week and drive your prized '92 IROC Camaro on the weekend.
&gt; An American car. AN AMERICAN CAR. Dared to win the 24 Hours of Le Mans. USA #1 USA #1 FUCK YOU, YOU DIRTY ITALIANS! I'm pretty sure this is the entire point of the movie. I couldn't help but hear the Team America theme song in my head while watching the trailer.
Wow I listed to that whole podcast about the cult and they never mentioned this! [They look like sisters!](https://i1.wp.com/artvoice.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/admin-ajax.jpg?w=400&amp;ssl=1)
At least 2 or 3 years, right?
That was a great season, but I couldn't help but think the reporter's friend was hiding her own bad deeds in regards to running the cult.
Title of your sex tape.
It's actually true! Found an article: https://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-four-killed-freeway-crash-20190522-story.html https://www.nbclosangeles.com/news/local/4-People-Killed-710-Freeway-510262231.html
I don't know why but you guys got excluded from the healthcare money-train for some reason.
This definitely sounds cool but I wonder how useful it would be with autonomous driving right around the corner.
I agree with you on the tineframe, but I don't really see AR goggles being adopted in a much shorter timeframe either.
You can see how dark and disgusting the water looks when it first starts pouring out.
I think a similar, more clear scenario was when China was subsidizing their solar companies so that they could undercut foreign manufacturer's pricing and drive them all out of business. My wife's employer shut down because of this. I think *this* is an example where legal action seems warranted. With regards to Canada and Big Pharma, I think Big Pharma executives should be force fed their own product until they decide to drop their lawsuits. Healthcare should not be a for profit industry.
Yes, but luckily there were citizens nearby ready to cool her off with some water.
I'm pretty sure some applications use glass beads as well.
Yeah it's not like the stuff grows on trees!
I hope you had the server fired and arrested.
Weren't they trying to put out a fire or was that just for the show?
"And then he made us pancakes." ¯\\_( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)_/¯
*Like literally...*
They were great until one of the edges cracked and you sliced your finger open on it.
The Elements, Easystore, and My book can all be easily shucked but may need some tape placed over the 3.3V pin depending on your PSU.
They can get kind of hot in the enclosure under heavy use, but other than that should work fine.
Most places lump 0mg in as a tobacco product even though there is no tobacco *or* nicotine.
Interesting that they spent 1/4 billion dollars on homeless services but their homeless problem is no better or worse than what we're dealing with in Oregon where a fraction of that money was spent. I wonder whose pockets were filled.
This is dangerous to our democracy!
Unfortunately from what I've read a lot of manufacturers use 100mb NICs in their products so there is no way to achieve anything above that. It's really stupid too since these same manufacturers are now beginning to push for 8k, yet we can't even get 4k working correctly outside of UHD BluRay or some compressed shit from online streaming.
Most people won't get the day off even if it is holiday.
I was thinking a strong [Metroplis](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/06/Metropolisposter.jpg) vibe.
You know a lot of people named Bill!
I own many stocks as well as various bullion.
Yikes I was just down there in December, but we stayed at Xcaret Occidental. I definitely would have been among the dead if they had *any* tainted alcohol.
It's for a small business, honey. NEXT!
I have this issue with a non HDR 1080p Samsung as well. I think their products are just shit now and that's why we're all experiencing this.
Yeah I'd probably buy this if it worked on T-mobile.
FYI you're not actually replying to people here. You're creating new comments.
I bet there would have been lots of hootin' and hollerin' from the crowd too.
*Anybody need a shave?* Bwahahaha Jesus... I'm both repulsed by these people and a bit envious of them for freely enjoying their weird hobby.
He said a diagram! We demand someone bust out an MS Paint version.
&gt;If I am guessing right, about 1000 hours of work (wrenching, filming, editing, talking, editing, interacting with people, promoting, going to events, writing, etc) plus a fairly large outlay of cash (or, well, loading up credit) turned into somewhere in the mid-high 5 figure range, potentially more ... that's not bad if you like the work. I'm guessing. FYI that's only half the hours of a full-time job. A lot of people make less with full-time hours.
$220 for the same capacity isn't as good of a deal.
It's probably hard to see a 1 foot rock when the bottom of your window is 3 feet off the ground.
It's a blind spot because you can't see it from the driver's seat as you're driving by it unless you drive in the opposing lane of traffic. Sit in the driver's seat of your car, look out the passenger window, and tell us how far away the first bit of ground you can see is.
Even the mom?
At first I thought you said porno and got a bit intrigued. To be honest, I would be excited to watch either one.
In betting their purpose is food for bigger creatures. If I knew I was destined to be eaten, I'd procreate like a mofo too. What a life they must live.
My theory after years of pondering it after some doobs is that our universe was contained inside a black hole which ripped apart and caused the big bang, similar to a balloon popping and all the air rushing out. My other theory is that we live in a simulation. I think I have all the bases covered.
Are you the person who posted yesterday about your college friend seeing this photo and thinking you're Mormon? I need answers.
Yes
They really should have seen this coming...
Capturing flags, completing orders, ammo, spotting is how you do it.
When you combine your two usernames it becomes much sadder, though. All dogs deserve homes... dogs... not humans.
Should I get my haircut today? *panic intensifies*
Apparently many TV manufacturers only use a 100Mb NIC in their TV's so even with hard wiring, there may not be enough available bandwidth.
And many of these monuments weren't even built for nearly a hundred years after the war ended, (not) coincidentally right around the time the Civil Rights movement was heating up.
What kind of damage do you think that would cause?
It seems like a damp towel would trap moisture on the surface since there would be zero airflow under the towel. What an... interesting... idea
I love the people who get on the freeway and immediately jump over 3 open lanes and then cruise at 5 mph under the limit. Autonomous cars can't come fast enough...
I did this with my wife recently after being refused a new customer discount while we were both standing at the counter in the Comcast store. It was kind of hilarious in its absurdity.
Season two was what he referenced with the crate full of bodies.
Sounds like it would have gone all over the floor either way so there wasn't much you could do. You tried though!
There's definitely something fucky going on with the proportions in that photo. I just recognize the truck because my parents have the same (stock) F350 crew cab.
Same here on my Note 4.
I heard Finnish ice needs lots of raking for it to become resistant to fire.
I'm getting the vibe that they're asking where to trim rather than how. These are weird trees considering the trunk is only about 5 inches tall.
You said yourself that some games require more so why argue the point? OP wants to update their ~7 year old build so trying to convince them that they shouldn't is kind of strange.
When good police start speaking up and rooting out bad cops then they won't be hated so much.
What client are you playing it on? You could try a different format like x264 .MP4 as this is the most supported video codecs by players. If you're doing x265 (HEVC) .MKV then you'll have issues as this is fairly new and not as widely supported which would cause a transcode.
Thus doesn't mean your file will play though, just that the server won't transcode it if it's incompatible.
Sorting something numerically.
Stop! I can only get so erect.
Oregon and Washington too. Everyone is moving up here to get away from the California prices. Surprisingly though even places like North Dakota have high prices due to the oil boom going on there. I was shocked to see how much rent/housing was there since it wasn't like that before. They have nothing but farms and a few moderately sized cities.
Not to mention it *was* Verizon's fault and it *was* due to sloppiness or lazyness on their part (they haven't implemented something that has been around since 1995 which could have helped prevent this).
70% is just fine. Don't listen to the fear mongering below (or above?).
I'm guessing this is from The Office
You can always buy a timer that hooks to your faucet and turns a sprinkler on and off at set times.
From my experience I swear a lot of these facilities only exist to siphon money from court-ordered attendees and health insurance companies. Also based on my experience, I think AA/NA becomes some peoples new addiction once they give up drugs. It's odd to me that someone gives up a drug, but then attends 6 meetings a day, pounding 32oz Rockstars, chain smoking, and talking about doing drugs. Yeah you stopped using drugs, but your whole life still revolves around them. I don't want to totally knock AA/NA for those who successfully worked the program. I don't think it's the right fit for many people and it seems like the only thing offered in a lot of places.
When I worked for a Walmart meat department, I discovered where dog food meat comes from. It comes from all the expired beef, chicken, pork, and fish that we threw out into a 55 gallon trashcan with wheels. Sometimes it would sit out for a while before being rolled back into the cooler.
Not that other fast food is really any better quality wise, but I honestly don't understand how Arby's is still in business.
Wait are you telling me their cars aren't *real* cars? Sonofa.....
Who's your provider?
Do you get an upload speed increase with the business plan? I'm on the 250/12 Unlimited plan for $120 but I am desperate for higher upload even if it means sacrificing download speeds.
If they have no say then they likely aren't getting paid royalties by Netflix which means they have already been compensated for their work and there is no issue.
It's the same price with less convenience! What could go wrong with that?
5-10 years from the beginning of the contract, no? OP could be in year 3 or 4 right now!
They're basically made of balsa wood and thin sheet metal. RV accidents always look like this.
Did you dip your phone in gasoline? How would the plastic degrade so quickly? My Note 4 back looks almost like new and I've never used a case. The metal body is a bit scratched from drops, but it has done its job and protected the screen from damage unlike my wife's S8+ that shattered after being dropped about a foot and a half.
I wonder if that was a typo. Later on they mention that the federal loan was $2 million
I think Lego Star Wars is the only game I actually achieved 100% on. And I still had to use cheat codes to do it...
You didn't realized that when they started producing reality TV shows?
The article said he never filed a lawsuit against the county but rather the two police officers. The county stepped in and paid the settlement since the police were working at the time. Read up on the article before you argue about the content within the article.
Bob McSoorey?
I'm not sure of the exact details but if you create a business account with Google you apparently get unlimited Drive storage for something like $10/mo. I see people mention it on the plex sub pretty often.
When I bought my cheap HF air compressor the guy added the extended warranty for free and told me to bring it back a few days before the warranty expires (even if it was still working) because they always break.
Oh, no doubt. I don't want to dissuade people from buying tools at HF. I'm more just trying to point out that buying exclusively cheap tools because of the free return isn't always a good idea.
This is whats causing your problem. If you want them to show up together both movies need to be in the same library.
Its one thing to speak to the news as a company representative. It's quite another to make a post on reddit, a public forum, while identifying yourself as an employee.
https://media1.giphy.com/media/boBpZe42hMzWo/giphy.gif
Guatem.
That can help, but if you're relying on the CPU to transcode that will be the bottleneck because it has to convert each frame of video. GPUs are specifically designed to process video so they do it with ease and can handle dozens of conversions if appropriately specced
To do that I created a christmas collection and set the sort name so that it was first on the list in the movie library. Sorting lists would be much cooler though.
They should have included a mechanic where you can disable them just like any other vehicle. It could even be something temporary like the horse stumbling or something.
The other shop on Portland Rd is called Teen Challenge Thrift store. Not bad. We prefer to go there over the big corporate "charities" like Goodwill.
I would suggest pulling harder as well. This is thick solid wiring so it won't be flexible like your phone's charging cable.
Any piece of furniture can tip over regardless of how it's designed unless it's properly bolted down. Dressers can tip especially since kids can pull out the drawers and climb inside creating a fulcrum and pulling the dresser over.
&gt; using their nice F-150 Raptor truck for its intended purpose This is most certainly not the intended purpose of this truck. This was the intended purpose of a dirt bike.
&gt; they said they didn’t need any repayment plan and were fine with him paying 5 a month....which I found weird. They're earning compound interest on the unpaid balance (which is still accruing interest) and these loans can't be discharged. It's a win for them either way.
Same experience here. It just shit the bed one day and now I fucking manually press every key (which also sucks with fat thumbs). However, this technology looks like yet another gimmick from Samsung, so I'll unhappily stick to fat fingering my phone's keyboard.
And I'm sure it will work just as well as Samsung's auto-correct and predictive text?
It's more convenient to carry around a phone stand and mash your fingers into an invisible keyboard on a table top? Yeah, okay...
If you're at work, they probably provide you with a functional keyboard and mouse built in to your company provided laptop.
&gt; for a three hour period the camera suddenly went dark and turned back on after the three hours and the fender was on the ground. Sounds like an inside job.
I saw it a few days ago and it felt really rushed and with zero stakes, almost like a direct-to-DVD sequel. I'm really surprised at how much money it's made, although I'm sure this is mainly because people don't know what they're getting before they buy the ticket.
Oregon
That was a different user.
That's all you took away from his entire comment?
I was also thinking about that and already feeling bad for whoever gets caught first because they're going to get blamed for all of it.
I'm no expert, but isn't it worth noting that SALT deductions are now capped at $10k per individual? With my state having income tax, two years of property taxes combined with my state taxes would put me well over the $10k limit.
I have the same requirements minus the student loan interest and Credit Karma allows me to include all these extra forms and file (state and federal) for free. TurboTax charged me over $100 for the same thing before Credit Karma came around.
Toyota would be like the PC gamers of the console wars.
I'm pretty sure that's actually Panasonic, LG, and Samsung at least in the 18650 category.
You don't think they would have changed the encryption methods by now even if it had survived? This is just a fact of life with digital media these days. You can't break DRM with a piece of scotch tape anymore.
At least you can use it as an excuse to make dad jokes on a regular basis. "Honey, times are tough so we need to tighten our belts. Hand me that wrench."
Winding up top 7 for four weeks in a row doesn't necessarily mean the extra picks gave them an advantage. It could just mean that they're picking better teams than the next guy.
Does any engineer intentionally design flaws into the systems they build? I'd guess no, but that doesn't prevent that exact thing from happening regularly.
I love that set too. The miniature people are to scale for the size of the Saturn V. They're roughly the height of a 1x2 tile of you haven't seen them.
Or the jolly ranchers.
Yes but setup and login are a bit more complicated in that you need to use the server IP and port to log in. Also if you want https you'll have to set up your own authentication. I personally use Plex for my users and remote viewing at work on a desktop and leave Emby for home use. Trakt syncs my watch history between the two.
I prpbably wouldn't mind so much if they were linking content that was worth it. Adding a bunch of ad supported D-list movies isn't that appealing to me.
Gotcha. That is annoying and one of the reasons I avoid using amazon video due to free and paid content showing up together.
I have a 2100 psi pressure washer that leaks like a sieve and even that worked for cleaning my aggregate driveway and sidewalks. I think you would be fine with something in the $200-$300 range. That $1100 machine would be more for commercial applications like a pressure washing business.
Aramark wants their money.
Why would the Iranians shoot down a plane full of Iranians and Canadians?
Seriously? You don't think regular people want a phone that can survive more than a 12" drop without shattering?
Do you have a case on your phone?
Baby got back! Seriously though that case looks like it would do a wonderful job at protesting the camera. I bought a used V20 and the camera cover is scratched to hell because it protrudes so far out from the back of the phone.
Are you implying the phone is going to be huge and batteries will be expensive? Have you not seen a phone with a removable battery before?
&gt;Amazon Visa gets me 5% on all Amazon purchases and 2% at restaurants and drug stores. No annual fee, if you have Prime, this card is a must have.. I believe gas stations are included in the 2% as well. Also if you sign up through Amazon they may give you $50-$100 to spend immediately. I got a new router for free with that credit when I signed up years ago.
I'm definitely not a fan of wireless earbuds, but if you're looking for great sound quality why did you go with earbuds over on-ear or over-the-ear headphones?
There are no sides to a circle
Well one thing for sure is that every character on the show will have Lupus.
&gt;Bot Mates World Is that a show about a robot who's on a mission to mate with every human on the planet?
I will definitely look for this. Thanks!
Blah same with Comcast. Great download speeds but garbage upload. I would gladly drop down to 100mbit down if it meant I could get 100mbit upload.
Probably a really long time. The only real big data hog is video and I don't see video files getting much larger for a long, long time until higher resolution video is more widely adopted. Manufacturers have started hinting at 8k, but 4k isn't even very widely adopted yet (after being out for years now). They are still selling 720p TVs for christ's sake. Without anything driving the need for HDDs approaching 1PB, I don't see why companies would bother designing them.
If you decide to get an antenna you probably won't want to use those small rectangular ones that sit in the window. We are roughly 40 miles from where a majority of the broadcast towers are located so roof/attic antennas will be more ideal to get all our local channels. This website will show you a custom map with the compass direction and signal strength of all the broadcast towers in the area: https://www.tvfool.com/?option=com_wrapper&amp;Itemid=29
Probably because there aren't *real* choices in the smartphone market so no matter what phone you buy you just have to deal with things that you don't like.
They've really fallen from grace from where they were 10 years ago. People still buy their products hand over fist but they are just pumping out low/mid quality products with tons of "premium" marketing to justify all the high prices whether it be phones, TVs, refrigerators, washing machines, or stoves.
A bright green "ACCESS GRANTED" then windows start popping up all over the screen filled with random classified images and situation reports that's all specifically related to the thing they are looking for.
You'll love this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJfhB3Vj_G8
DAE 'Oregon Trail' before a night out?
I remember [Rockstar made these too.](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_9AMhjS5_c68/SkI06CMFLkI/AAAAAAAACDM/PF1gCjEhsIE/w1200-h630-p-k-no-nu/32+oz+rockstar.jpg)
So what are they for then if you're going to go through the effort of telling them they're wrong?
Because apart from both having nicotine, they are completely different products and one is much more dangerous than the other.
You might want to point out that the "you" in this comment is referring to the Loss Prevention guy and not OP.
It's literally impossible to escape, which is why no phone has ever been made without a notch in the screen.
&gt;they listened to where customers have spent their money and to market research on what is important in a cell phone This is like claiming McDonald's listened to their consumers and changed their patties from 100% beef to 60% beef/40% "meat paste" filler. People are still buying these burgers so that is what people want... meat paste. The truth is that most people know jack shit about the devices they're buying and just follow what the marketing tells them to buy, or they buy what they can afford, or they buy a brand that they are familiar with. &gt;If people cared about these things then other brands that offered these would be selling better.....they aren't. LG may have 4 of the 12 features that you want. Samsung may have 5 of the 12 features that you want. The iPhone may have 3 of the 12 features that you want. Which phone are you supposed to buy in this scenario to "show" the manufacturers and smug /r/android users which 12 features are important to you? None of these devices fit all, or even most, of your criteria. Claiming that people don't care about these features because "hur dur this spreadsheet says so" is just plain ignorant.
&gt; Why handicap the masses for the people that refuse to adapt to change and improvements because they want to hold on to the old phones? You seem to be under the impression that each manufacturer only offers a single device... You're really scraping the bottom of the barrel to continue justifying a stagnant smartphone market where every device is the same as the next and incredibly overpriced.
It's almost as if most people don't have tens of thousands of dollars to throw down on impulse purchases. Very strange.
You forgot this: Step 3.5: Psychologically manipulate your customers into thinking fewer features makes their phones more 'premium.'
To be honest I didn't understand that at first either.
&gt;The refunding **company just wants proof of disposal** for the blinds they are refunding. - &gt;**Usually they just give a completely blank slip.** So the slip for a hundred set of blinds would be the same as one for a single shirt or other item. - &gt;You have to ask for the slip.. - &gt;And they don't fill it out - &gt;...they're never supposed to fill it out... I've highlighted the relevant sections for you.
Creating custom profiles works well enough for me. I have some for full HD quality, some for "i don't care what quality just find the first available copy" and some for "I don't want to waste too much space on this." It's achieved by just limiting certain profiles to 1080 or 4k only and others to include the lower quality 1080 rips, webDL, 720 rips, DVD, SD, etc. It's not exactly what you're looking for, but I think it works about as well since the file size generally scales with the resolution and source anyway.
and Kate Brown in Oregon, although that was completely overturned as well. Is there nobody challenging the EO up there?
Isn't that how the Michigan or Massachusetts law was worded? I recall reading that if you even possessed a bottle of nic juice you would be fined/arrested unless you could prove you paid taxes on it.
Some subs ban all bots regardless of how useful they are.
Depends on the location. They have regular stores, super centers with GM and food, and Neighborhood Markets which are small and just sell groceries I believe.
Agreed. I went to the airport twice last week and the signs didn't even mention the airport until 1/2 mile before the exit. I roughly knew where I was going, but I was somewhat zoned out focusing on my driving and wasn't sure if I had already passed the exit since I wasn't seeing any signage for it up there with all the rest of the signs.
The problem is if you go too niche then you won't have any traffic in the sub.
Well they actually did disrupt the taxi industry in a positive way for customers. However, they seem to be screwing up left and right since then.
My city spent around $40 million building a transit center for the busses downtown, but there is no money for night or weekend service and it takes an hour to get across the city even though the city is only roughly 7 miles wide in either direction.
The hairline looks much lower now though.
What strength of edibles are you eating? That's literally the most efficient way of getting high and you can get wayyy higher than would ever be possible from smoking.
What, did you think you actually own and/or control this device?
Chris Hansen was also arrested last year for writing bad checks. Maybe Dateline should go do a story on this criminal.
I wouldn't say that he fucked his life up. More like the system fucked him.
In the article they stated that the government paid them $900,000 to unlock the phone.
Well at least you don't just dry them anyways and walk around smelling like mildew.
Did someone add sound effects to this video? I can't believe what's in there is original.
&gt;You feel that it is a corporate ecosystem to drain money. That's exactly what it is. This is precisely why Apple can charge more for their products even if they don't actually cost more to make because people buy into the ecosystem and would rather stick with it than replace all their devices and accessories. &gt;Other people are actually happy to have a wireless experience that is good for them. Who said they can't be happy? Bluetooth and 3.5mm have existed together for years. Those people gained nothing from the removal of the jack, while those of us who want the jack lost something. &gt;The iPhones now don’t have space for a Jack at all. But people consider them better products. You realize Apple, Samsung, and everyone else design the entire device themselves, including the dimensions. There is no such thing as "no space." Also, some people consider them inferior products too. Your opinion on what people think of them means just as much as mine. &gt;Not everyone has to think the way you think or share your opinions on matters. Gee, that sure sounds funny coming from someone who is arguing against my opinion that the jack should stay...
He was fired remember?
This sounds like the setup for a skit along the same lines as the Key &amp; Peele sketch where they're talking about how to rob a bank. "Motherfucka, that's called *living life*." http://www.cc.com/video-clips/acaxis/key-and-peele-the-heist
I'd like to imagine that it's Tom from MySpace. He's all grown up now, living in a 55+ community, and he's just discovered the devil's lettuce.
Is that you, Bill Nye?
Not for long.
How did they fit that sized paper into their printers back then?
There's one in my area that told some parents that they weren't allowed to park on their property (nor the street) the Sprinter van they use to transport their disabled adult daughter. Thankfully the state came in and figuratively bitch slapped the HOA for violating the ADA.
Always check the TVDB or TMDB's site (or whatever else you set your Agents to) to see how *they* named it if you run into this issue again. Plex identifies and pulls metadata from there. Also if you setup sonarr/radarr they can rename everything to the proper naming conventions for you as well as a ton of other stuff (like automating new media acquisition).
And yet people are calling them Lambo trucks and not talking about Jeep at all. Buyer's don't agree that they are competitors.
You're transcoding 4k HDR files? I thought this destroyed the files quality since Plex can't do HDR transcoding.
No but they can deny you from having water in your work area, while simultaneously penalizing you for leaving your work area for any reason.
Walmart actually completely shut down multiple stores that managed to unionize and laid off over 2000 people. https://www.cbsnews.com/news/union-walmart-shut-5-stores-over-labor-activism/
Wow, it sounds like you really turned out great though....
Username checks out.
&gt;It is possible to want them to improve in certain ways and also still appreciate the service at the same time... I think we've passed that time already and now most people realize they won't fix or even acknowledge the problems we've been experiencing for months/years now. I mean they could dedicate a few of their hundreds of employees to at least engage with the community so we dont feel like we're shouting into the wind.
Screw the banks. Look for a credit union!
I'm with Unitus but I'm thinking about switching to First Tech. Just check and see what perks each one offers and go with that one. Some will pay you interest on your checking account or offer cheap loans.
I was not aware of that. I've always received excellent customer service when I go in, so their employees hide their dissatisfaction well. I think my biggest gripes are the amount of junk mail they send me advertising car insurance, HSAs, life insurance, etc and the paltry 0.05% interest on their savings. I'll have to look a little harder at where to move from here.
K.
&gt;Australian Vice President of Smart Devices Sounds like a degree you'd get from ITT Tech.
Donald Trump has the biggest checkbook around. Ask anybody. They say, "Donald, your checkbook is very large." It's yuge.
Sand and magnesium chloride as a deicer I believe.
For my defense I would claim that I thought they put a slot machine mechanic into the bill chnaging machine so that every so often you'd "win" money.
I have not but I will do before I haul it off.
Maybe its because I usually summon or play casting builds but I didn't find Papa G all that difficult. Midir and the Nameless King are by far the toughest bosses I've ever faced regardless of summons or build type.
You gotta go for the black nitrile gloves. Those things last all day.
What about the American flag t-shirt with cutoff sleeves?
That gives like 30 extra liters of power.
It depends on how big your library is or is planned to be. I prefer the 8-10TB drives since they're cheaper per TB.
When those two stores unionized previously Walmart shut down all 5 stores in the area for "plumbing issues" and laid off 2200 people.
I think the US meddling in other country's affairs is a big driver for the current state that we're in. I think we've toppled almost every government in South America by now so that we could install our "preferred" candidate/government/militia.
If you're going to hold the opinion that these were the benefits the outweighed the consequences, shouldn't you know the answer to both of those questions?
It's more specifically related to Chrome. I have this same issue in Plex and occasionally with v.reddit links as well. I was able work around this problem using Edge or Firefox.
They have larger populations but India is several times smaller while china is roughly the same size with 4x as many people. This is precisely why "per capita" measurements exist. You can't just say "no you can't use that" to try and bolster your argument.
So comcast owns his ass now?
It doesn't look like the drone is crashing into the building after their proprietary smart app froze up. I'm not convinced it's Ryobi.
Those rubber seals crack over time and let the water right in. You can buy slip-on rubber gaskets that just go over what's currently there.
Good farming opportunities up there.
Having started with Bloodborne and DS3, playing through DS1 has been interesting. Can't say I'm a fan of having to zig zag across the map to find merchants and NPCs and it is a bit more challenging to keep track of all the different routes, but it is super satisfying to find new shortcuts.
Username does *not* check out.
To help you locate the leak you can spray something like engine starter or WD40 around the hoses. Once it gets sucked into the leaky hose/port it will cause the engine to stumble for a second.
They can't unless they've also taught a student who went on to become a millionaire.
"Tik Tok stars" WTF
&gt;without the one guy that has exclusive mating rights to all the females. Fuckin' Chad.
Where did they state these people have a low IQ?
&gt; Streetlight fee: In August 2015, the city began collecting a streetlight fee. I have yet to see them install a single new street light or sidewalk anywhere in north Salem, including areas like Fisher Rd where there are no lights or sidewalks and the city has decided to route I-5, Market st, Hawthorne, and Lancaster traffic through. They've been collecting the fee for 4.5 years now. Where are these street lights going up?
Yep. Find something you want, add it into Sonarr/Radarr, add the file to your client and then set the tag to radarr/sonarr. This will work on everything but full TV series packs or movie packs.
&gt;our fans haven’t killed anyone **yet** See even you subconsciously know how terrible your fanbase is.
You guys realize that it's *our* garbage that they're sorting, right? It's kinda hard to take the moral high ground here.
And he openly talks about voting for Sauron because "the guy tells it like it is."
Lol Hyundai and Kia came with 10 year 100,000 mile from the factory during this time (and may still do?). No lawsuit needed.
I personally hate Comcast with a passion, but I have been their customer for years and one thing I can say is that their rated speeds have always been accurate in my experience. I get my full 250mbps all day everyday.
How many of these can you check off? https://i.redd.it/glsfz0fa7jj21.jpg
Oh man you were supposed to go to Home Depot not on an island vacation.
Unless your RAID controller dies and your whole array is corrupt. Everything is gone.
I think they all had something that worked at one point and then stripped things away bit by bit to increase profits. Slightly lower quality ingredients, ran off experienced employees to hire inexperienced people at minimum wage, hire fewer employees, smaller portions, higher prices, etc. Eventually that all catches up with them and then they shut down or get sold off. This seems like an extremely common theme among US companies even those outside of the restaurant industry.
Just avoid Samsung all together. Almost all of their products are incredibly low quality in shiny packages.
If you are referring to this then yes it should be drained periodically. https://www.familyhandyman.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/FH11DJA_514_51_T08_e140.jpg
No worries. Many native English speakers get aisle and isle mixed up. It's a ridiculous language sometimes.
If you want peace and quiet I wouldn't recommend a public area with couches at a big university. That seems like common sense.
Yeah some nails curve down toward the bottom of your foot on the sides ehile others grow out flat from side to side. I read another LPT recently that recommended cutting your nails straight across to help alleviate the downward growth so I've been trying that lately with okay results.
I also staeted with BB, moved onto DS3, now DS Remastered, and I just bought DS2 since it was on sale. I think you'll transition well and once you figure out the slight differences in DS3 you'll be good to go on the rest of the DS games. You should keep an eye out for DS Remastered to go on sale.
You can keep your ass pennies and poop knife in there too!
You could level up like 11 times with all those echoes.
Cheapest I've seen (and got) a 10TB for was for $144, but in any case we're arguing over semantics since HDDs are way cheaper per TB than SSDs.
Same in Portland. Every car was at least a grand or two more even compared to other fixed-price dealerships. Does Carmax offer warrantiesthat are included in the price? This might be worth the extra cost in certain circumstances.
It would probably be just as effective to setup a fake camera on your porch. No tech savviness required and nobody to steal your personal information!
Well I guess I should just end it now if I can't live with that level of convenience. /s Although I do get notified via the Amazon app that a package has been delivered (USPS/UPS/Fedex also notify me by ringing my doorbell) and I have a peephole in my front door so it's very easy to tell who's there.
[Mod cracks you say?](https://www.buzzfeed.com/mrloganrhoades/man-goes-to-magic-the-gathering-tournament-poses-next-to-but)
Its probably EAC3 audio which plex has never been able to implement correctly. You dont really have many options apart from changing clients, finding a different copy without EAC3 audio, or using something like VLC to play the file.
x264 and x265 are just video codecs. They don't always need to be transcoded if your client can play them natively (x264 almost never needs to be transcoded), but your file may still need to be transcoded if the audio codec (AAC, AC3, EAC, DTS, etc) isn't compatible or even the subtitles will sometimes cause a file to transcode. You can check the Plex dashboard to see what is transcoding (audio, video, container, subtitles) or install Tautulli which will give you more detailed info about the stream. Mediainfo is a good program to check codecs and all kinds of metadata for your files.
Son of a.. I wonder if this is why my previous PC would always wake up after a few seconds.
Goddamn reddit was throwing errors when I was trying to comment this morning.
Yeah seriously either cut the wire or just tape it. I don't know how people have issues with the "tape falling off" when its sandwiched between the pins and connector.
The connectors inside the plug can shift and touch eachother causing the wires to short together. You sound awfully sure of yourself to claim that people who tape their drives "don't know what they're doing." I tape my drives because I don't want to do any permanent modification to the drive, cables, or anything else. Cutting the wire is a bandaid solution as well. The only actual solution is to get a PSU that is designed to work with the 3.3v pin. For someone who has so frequently claimed to be an "electrician," I'm surprised you didn't realize that.
If you can wait then do it. The prices are only trending down as time goes on. A good deal today might be the regular price 6 months from now when you actually need the extra capacity.
That should be your EVAP canister purge valve and solenoid. I coincidentally have to replace the one on my wifes car tomorrow because her car started throwing the p0456 code which commonly goes bad on Fords.
I don't think it's a very effective political activism. Sure we're talking about it but that's only because he made a spectacle out of himself. People are laughing and talking about *what* he did but I doubt most people care *why* he did it or just dismiss him as a stoner/nut. Tons of states have passed MMJ laws and it's completely legal in about a dozen states. This was all accomplished without anyone toking up in a courtroom.
You're really out of your element here, buddy.
... It was already explained to you multiple times by several people.
Basically half the price of a nice apartment in NYC... for the whole company.
That sounds more like incompetence than corporate pilfering.
Hey man some of us like dark chocolate and avoid anything sold at the checkout stand.
I actually compared a 100mph chase to someone growing plants in their home and getting raided. Try again.
I mean he's still correct if you say it out loud.
Also if you aren't already aware, OP, rolling gives you a few frames of invincibility. You can often roll right through someone's sword rather that just trying to get completely out of the way of it. This can allow you to position yourself closer to the enemy in range of your weapon.
What all do you need to do in order to swap? I have a 76 with no internal release. Do I just need the grille and center support?
I lure him to the door by the bonfire and poke at him. He can't come outside
When did country music turn into straight twangy hip hop? This is the second song I've heard like this in the last few days and it's terrible.
This only works if you're a single dude in college.
How is this any different than just pirating it?
You might try MusicBrainz Picard. I used it to organize all the songs I've been collecting since the days of Napster.
Think of the container like a box. Your TV only accepts round boxes while your files are all in rectangular boxes. Changing the container doesn't involve transcoding the video or audio, just packing them from one box to another.
&gt; You might need to flash your drive's firmware. Isn't this almost a guarantee? I was under the impression that no drive will break the DRM of a bluray for copying straight out of the box.
If you have any x264 mkv files you should see if they will direct play. I'm betting you are trying to play x265 (HEVC) mkv, pretty standard with 4k files, and the TV isn't capable of decoding x265 since it's relatively a new codec and not as widely supported.
In your friends defense, they don't make it clear where to go in DS1. I came from BB and DS3 and got immediately lost after Firelink. I wound up trying to go through New Londo Ruins and getting my ass handed to me by the ghosts before I finally looked up a walkthrough and realizing I should be in Undead Burg.
Did you use the Way of the White Circlet? I thought that could be used to unban yourself from multiplayer one time.
In some other areas people are getting shot in the head by police for walking home from the grocery store.
We had a hostage situation here in my city a couple of years ago. Some nut had barricaded himself in his RV in a Walmart parking lot and took a few shots out of the window. The police were there all day and I recall reading in the news article that they had something like 17 hostage negotiators on site, meaning a bunch of dudes were there just to milk the extra pay and OT. In the end they just rammed their personnel carrier through the wall of the RV and gassed the guy out.
Yours may work differently, but with mine (Anthem) they cover the whole yearly checkup. If you're getting a "new patient" exam then that may be billed differently. Do you have a regular doctor that you visit? You might get one so you can avoid paying that.
The one true Scotsman?
I wonder what other types of fruit you can make a logo out of, slap on base level hardware, and charge a premium for?
Does anyone even make cellphones with dual core processors these days?
This happened a couple of years ago too. A guy's car backfired while he was driving by police so they surrounded him with their cars and opened fire. One cop even jumped on the hood and unloaded his magazine through the windshield.
Whenever I see these I have to think how little dignity their "camera person" must have following these people around all day snapping pics for social media. Like they're probably in a relationship but one is the "star" and one is the "crew."
Odds are it's that switch on the door. The driver's side is used more so it makes sense that it would break first.
I once bought a blade with a 31 degree angle on it and now my lawn is completely ruined. I wound up having to pave over the whole yard.
Andy Ngo. Hmm where have I heard that name before....
You can run both and just use emby yourself at home. Thats what I do.
All fake including the song. Nothing original going on there at all.
How dare you criticize a fake reality TV sensation!
The numbers look good if you calculate from 1990 but what about from 2005 or prior to 1990?
How dare you defile car restoration shows by lumping Discovery Network 'reality' shows into that genre. Those shows are reality dramas that happen to take place on an auto garage theater stage.
The police do the same. They were big on campaigning against the legalization of weed all over the country even though the drug war has been shown to weaken relations between the community and police since this is often a victimless crime from the average person's perspective and police view it as having to 'babysit' society by enforcing morality laws.
I dont own this Ryobi but I will say that while a gas pressure washer is more convenient to use, they are a huge PITA to maintain. The various models my family has owned over the years have ended with nearly all of them leaking profusely or having carburetor issues. For something that you'll only use occasionally, get an electric model.
Is entirely possible the pump will be shot on these as engines are fairly easy to rebuild but a 2500psi pump not so much. A rebuild kit for the off brand model we have would cost around $150
They did this four years ago and then after losing to a bloated, arrogant, reality TV star, they did it *again.* What leads you to believe anything will change next election if we bend to their will and all fall in line again *this time*?
Publishers clearing house which sold access to subreddits.
The only proposition given to us by the DNC is to either accept and support an establishment that actively works against us or let Trump have another four years weakening the country. Frankly, I think it will be impossible for Biden to beat Trump. There's no energy or message behind his campaign, he has a shady past that doesn't resonate with many progressives, he's not the incumbent, and it appears his main accomplishments are being a VP and that "he's not Trump." There's not much there to inspire people to get out and vote. Furthermore, even if he were to get elected and enacted some positive changes, there isn't anything stopping the next Republican from dismantling everything he did, much in the same way Trump has done with Obama's legacy. Why should I sacrifice my ethics in order to keep this circus running? Neither the DNC nor RNC as organizations care about us. They care about having power, keeping citizens squabbling, and lining their pockets with corporate donations.
What about vehicle registration fees and taxes?
They were contracted to hold Amazon's oversized merchandise so for all intents and purposes it was an amazon warehouse.
I got through two years of CC owing less than a single semester's tuition at Uni. It's by far the better option.
I'm honestly surprised the tire shop didn't tell you exactly what's wrong. It's very easy for them to check the balljoints, tie rods, wheel bearings, and everything else while the vehicle is up on the lift. This is their job and they do it every single day so I'm wondering why they couldn't tell you more.
Wow, voice-to-text has really become pretty solid.
I think this is a natural reaction. Everyone always looks at that wreck on the side of the road even if they don't want to see a dead body.
Sure it will once you let out the clutch provided it's in a low gear.
It may have had the ring and pinions replaced with lower gearing.
Wait can you cash karma in for gold now?
Damn I thought it was my turn to live the high life. I guess it's back to shit posting for me.
I thought the best part was the two enemy cars colliding at 20mph and then flying up in the air and flipping over.
I fell asleep through the middle of it, woke up later, made a snack, came back and there was still two hours left. It's a brutal movie from all aspects.
It wouldn't hace worked as a pure comedy because the stakes in the show are too high. Michael Scott can fumble his way through running a paper sales office in middle America, but Michael Scott couldn't rise to 4-star general and then be put in charge of developing a new branch of the armed forces. That just doesn't make sense without refocusimg the entire show to something more light hearted and inconsequential.
Would that still be considered 'a punch' at that point though? What's the ratio of hand to stump before it's no longer considered punching?
Sounds like that's the last bit of training needed before opening a full fledged fab shop building sandrails or race cars and starting a YouTube channel.
It only seems natural when you're dealing with a site dedicated to online car sales. If the 8th teenage owner of a '93 Honda Civic is trying to unload it for $500 they're not going to attract national buyers, they're going to attract someone who lives local through CL or Facebook marketplace. It's the same reason magazines like Autotrader are dying out. Someone purchasing a car online and shipping it are looking for something rare, expensive, or in a particular condition/configuration, which doesn't include 99% of the car market. That 99% would just get their car from a local dealer or private party sale.
Wonder what they're planning on swapping it into.
I've only installed the play store and a few apps like Plex on mine and the tablet can barely handle that level of modification. It's unfortunate they can't/won't throw a bit more RAM in them to run more smoothly.
They will kill all the plants underneath them if you don't clean them up. They do fertalize but not necessarily in the way thats beneficial to the other plants in a typical yard.
Somebody get this guy a job! Or don't. It doesn't really matter
"Yeah ma'am we had to cut the front of your car off and weld on a new one. You'll get used to the mismatched paint eventually."
This is clearly for the veterans of the 3034 Spaceballs wars. The art pays homage to the courageous Dark Helmet.
You're being downvoted but that's the consensus on all these similar videos.
Imagine after every long day working on shit boxes you have push this POS into a bay to keep people from stealing parts off it. Poor guy.
They just need to take the sport back to its roots when criminal alcohol bootleggers souped up their cars so they could outrun the police. How ironic that some modern fans and owners have a problem with folks not worshiping the police.
I honestly think the before picture looks better. I'm not big on the patina look.
Hey they did have some entertaining stuff when that switch happened. I thought all the macho stuff was way over the top to the point that it was almost making fun of itself, which made it more funny.
I see you've been to southern Oregon before.
As is tradition
&gt;Shear strength is only required when one piece wants to go one way, while the other doesn’t. For example you wouldn't want to hang a 1000lb weight from the wall with screws but you could secure it to the floor with them.
Oregon. It rains all winter and the state burns all summer.
That's how they test for STDs and COVID simultaneously
Backwards marijuana laws. Not sure what NC is like but I recently drove to a dispensary here in my state during state-ordered quarantine to purchase some products. The cop chilling in his car in the parking lot couldn't have cared less. Meanwhile this guy is being raided for even less of an offense.
Incredible that both Colbert and Oliver got their start on the daily show.
I'm nore curious where they offer free refills of beer.
I wasn't referring to any one situation from Arizona. I've just seen videos of them use the tank to ram into people's homes on TV and online. I only meant to counter the claim that "this isn't normal."
Even then what about "some of those who work forces are the same the burn crosses?" That's the most iconic line in one of their most popular songs and its pretty clear what they're referring to. Even if you dont listen to all the words (I'm guilty of this), you still listen to *this* part.
They also have bad corrosion issues with their washer and dryers. The metals they use inside are incompatible with eachother and will start corroding as soon as they're in contact with one another due to chemical reactions.
It definitely wouldn't hurt to have an ABC extinguisher but it wouldn't put out all types of fire. Definitrly better to have one than not.
[&gt;Maybe it’s the type of paint I spray but it always matches. ~/u/Travis23267](https://media.tenor.com/images/9a24eec70865f2bfdcc894f15789f738/raw)
Its twice the price of the other robot kit not the V3 Mindstorm kit.
Lol lets not elevate Pizza Hut into some quality pizza brand. Their stuff is arguably worse than Dominos
Are you using Jackett? You'll need to remove it from there. In Sonarr you should only have the Jackett (or similar) indexer or individual indexers for each tracker that you want to use. Somewhere in the process you added Nyaa so you should be able to remove it too.
Would this not pull that out too?
Agreed and this type of stuff happens to native speakers as well. I remember another tifu where a guy kept telling people his brother was "a grower not a show-er" because he was short and hadn't had a growth spurt yet. Yeah thats not what that phrase means.
100% he'd blame it on Hillary or Nancy Pelosi and start the long awaited sequel to the Civil War.
Agreed. I have a few hardcore conservative friends and i always love pointing this out to them in their Facebook rants. They all support the government indiscriminately killing its citizens with no consequences. The same people who thought being asked to wear a mask was a sign of a tyrannical government.
It hasn't even gone that far. &gt;An individual with knowledge of the company’s thinking told TheWrap the streamer is re-evaluating and revisiting its content guidelines, and “Dukes of Hazzard” is among those getting a look. This is all it takes to get people riled up now. An *individual with knowledge of [a] company’s thinking* claiming that the company is going to *take a look* at the show.
Yeah I didn't mean you as "the OP," rather the actual OP who started this post.
You're getting upset over something that hasn't even happened and filling in your own details. This is the extent of the article: &gt;An individual with knowledge of the company’s thinking told TheWrap the streamer is re-evaluating and revisiting its content guidelines, and “Dukes of Hazzard” is among those getting a look.
You pay $1 per gallon? Who's your bucket guy?
I put about 25,000 miles per year on my '13 and I have had zero issues or maintenance outside of the scheduled stuff. I'm just under 120k miles now.
I just bought some new outlets and they have philips screws with a "screwless" cover.
Yeah I bought two different styles by accident and one came off relatively easy while the other style was pretty much one shot to get it right. I don't think it'll come back off in one piece. Oddly enough they were both Legrand brand, but one was an individual wall plate (the more difficult style) and the other was a USB/electrical outlet with an included wall plate (the easier style).
Isn't this how Australia started?
The worst part is the guy will come-to on the ground and likely not recall most of the jump.
You all have to admit it is a huge improvement over the DLC packs that fragmented the whole community (which we all complained about). My friends and I played BF4 last week and were reminded of how little we got to play some of the DLC maps since only certain people could play them.
It couldn't hurt to buy and try a $5 cable though
They're also legally required to give you breaks and a lunch (after so many hours), but there are exceptions if nobody is available to cover you. This means businesses can just ignore the rules by hiring fewer people.
Tell that to your state leaders and tell them to stop harassing us in Oregon just because they can't get their shit together and pass a legalization bill. We had to stop issuing licenses because Idaho whined to the feds that Oregon weed was making across the border.
While it would be awesome, we can't for the same reason we have "essential employees" in the middle of a pandemic. There are certain jobs where you can't just shut down for the day.
People are annoying and transmit disease too!
I use the app "Wifi Analyzer." Once you open it you will see a graph with each channel and each SSID per channel. You'll want to look for one with the fewest networks or at the very least the weakest signals since they're less likely to interfere. Be sure to check both 2.4GHz and 5GHz. Also remember that each channel has some overlap with neighboring channels (e.g. channel 3 overlaps channel 1 through 6).
In the event that they do need to factory reset, is there any sort of account identification, password, or anything else that needs to be written down beforehand? I'm not familiar with uVerse gateways or their configuration. We only have CenturyLink and Comcast in my area and I know CL has a stored user ID and password in their modems.
Just buy what you need for the near future. This same discount comes every couple months and over time the price drops make waiting worth it. If you're not close to being full then wait.
I avoid political subs and the like and don't see anywhere near the amount of hivemind bullshit that I do on Facebook. They pull all the crazies out of the woodwork for some reason. Not to mention reddit has a downvote feature which gives a bit more balance.
Business lines are $300/mo for me through Comcast. I wouldn't call that a reasonable solution. We have gigabit available but even that only gives about 40mbps upload. Currently I've upgraded from 300mbps to 600mbps just to get the extra 10mbps upload (from 10mbps to 20mbps), even though 300mbps download was more than enough for our family.
Their issue is that the ISP doesn't have enough IPv4 addresses for all the customers so their customers share them. The way to alleviate this is to pay extra for a static IP. There may be a way to bypass this with a VPN, but that is over my head.
They have to stop somehow
I havent watched that movie in years but I always loved it back then. Andy Dick even does a halfway decent performance as Shore's best friend. It also has ~~the lady~~ Lori Petty from Orange is the New Black and ~~what's his face~~ David Alan Grier from In Living Color.
Or any of the responsibility.
Impact driver is great for removing and installing nuts and bolts quickly.
Possibly now but my house was built in '04 and this must not have been code at that time. We also don't have vapor barrier installed which became code a year later according to our inspector. *in Oregon for reference
I'll have to take a real hard look around. We lived here as carefree renters for the first few years and just recently purchased the house, so now its something to be concerned about. I haven't seen it in any of the logical places like where all the utilities enter the house or in the garage. Theres a gas shutoff, electrical, and a valve on the hot water line, but so far nothing for the main water line. They even installed indoor shutoffs for both the uninsulated sections of the outdoor water spigots, so it's odd they didn't include a shutoff for the main.
Not the guy you replied to but I'd say mine has been mostly for car/automotive stuff in the garage, although I did use it to remove a few fence posts quickly.
Can you not just twist and lift? I have a 2700x but haven't had to remove the cooler get.
Well yeah but its not their fault. It's women's fault for being so stuck up! /s hopefully obviously
These are 1080p, correct?
Hello its me ur brother in Australia
Thats unfortunate. I dropped a timing cover bolt on a ford 5.0 and couldnt find it. Once I started the motor back up, the harmonic balancer managed to find it right before it cracked in half and slipped off the engine. Thankfully a new balancer and woodruff key was all it needed, but that sound followed by the engine dying after I had just done a bunch of work was not a great feeling.
What if the tire is on the ground, like in OP's pic? Checkmate.
Sure but that doesn't have much to do with the comment I replied to.
Appliances as well. They'll only last a couple years before breaking and then you'll have to (hopefully) find a tech willing to work on Samsung appliances. I also have issues with their anti-consumer practices on their phones, like making them from the most fragile glass, charging high prices, sealing the battery inside, removing interfacing features without replacing them with anything else, refusing to do more than 1-2 updates, etc. If they opened up shop with the products that have today there is no way they could hold the market share they currently hold. As a company, they're in that stage where they gut all their products, relying on their previous reputation for quality in order to sell their current junk thinking people won't know any better. I believe this is the stage before becoming "too big to fail" when they release junk and have a reputation for junk but don't go out of business because they,ve already put all the other companies out of business and removed our ability to choose better products.
Aww, you're still great at gobbling sausage though!
Actually no. My first android was the HTC G1 and my second android was the Galaxy S2. I don't recall having any issues with early Touchwiz.
Fair enough. After the S2 I went S3, S4, and Note 4 before hanging on to that until last year. You probably had a different experience jumping between manufacturers and trying out their launchers. In my case Touchwiz was what I knew, and it worked fine for me.
It looks like a flatbed truck with three axles so I think you actually may have watched a different video.
He's down below now.
I would check them out (or qbittorrent) regardless of your current issue. Utorrent has a reputation for doing shady things to their users.
They've asked when I've dropped off oil, but more specifically they asked to be sure there wasn't coolant mixed in with it.
The Autozone near me started stocking manufacturer branded filters recently. Definitely buy those if they're available and you can afford them (my Toyota filter was only like $9).
If you're asking whether you can skip oil changes due to the leak (and refill) the answer is no.
Exactly. I have no context for who this guy is, why he posted it, or whether he represents some group I'm unaware of. I get the joke, but I have no reason to assume that it's a joke rather than this being some Twitter propaganda bot.
Nobody knows how to work on German cars here either. Those Germans do some weird things...
I think /r/frugal is good for getting those odd but good ideas or "lifehacks" for saving money in areas where you never considered. /r/personalfinance is better for getting solid, conservative financial advice. There is also *a lot* of weird shit on /r/frugal like reusing your toilet paper by washing it and drying in the sun, and other nutty ideas.
Agreed. Those engine bays are massive too. You can have two full grown adults sit inside the engine bay *with* a full V8 installed.
Nobody ever got popcorn lung from vaping. It was entirely in the popcorn manufacturing industry. Once this was known vape juice manufacturers pulled diacetyl from their juices.
&gt; I've dropped my youthful ambitions of a bumping sounds system with drop down LCD's lol... As I've now got a wife and two kids. Now your biggest concern is how to isolate the driver's seat from the rest of the interior.
Came here to say the same thing. It started as pure Russian English and then he mentioned "New Zealand" and I started hearing all the delightful kiwi pronunciations.
Fuck yes but most people aren't willing to throw "their" people under the bus. Party over everything.
&gt; that still lacks between a third and a half of the **sharts.** nice.
Those are always fun. The carbonation makes your vomit shoot pretty far out. I may have had this happen after a keg stand when they overpumped the keg.
&gt; drug paraphernalia is illegal in Idaho I believe it's like this everywhere. That's why they're called "water tobacco pipes" and why they kick you out of the headshop if you use the 'B' word. This was even true in Oregon up until we legalized in 2015, and we were/are chill as hell about weed
You dump them out and start over.
I have a real hard time believing a bunch of people trading a few thousand dollars in stock is going to manipulate the entire stock market when there are people/organizations out there with tens/hundreds of billions invested.
This is true on all Samsung phones and also on my LG V20. The guy claiming Facebook doesnt come installed on anything is incredibly ignorant for making that claim especially considering the proof is in OPs screenshot "Facebook cannot be uninstalled..."
Ive been struggling even to reach gold over the last few weeks so I just do each one once now and take satisfaction in getting silver.
Yo ho ho matey there are always other options.
Now instead of hundreds of channels you won't watch, it's hundreds of movies/tv shows you won't watch. Same problem but different circumstances.
Lol $40 for a VHS? I can tell you weren't around when VHS was still being sold.
All TVs have ads in the menu now.
And you just want to put words into people's mouths in order to make an argument. What I don't want is to pay grossly inflated prices or have subscribe to a bunch of seperate services to watch a few shows. Something like Spotify for videos would be nice. And sonarr/radarr let me pirate quite easily thank you very much.
I'm countering the argument that "this is what we asked for." This is the same problem as cable with different circumstances. They're creating artificial scarcity with media and charging a premium for it. I won't deny that streaming has many advantages over cable, but it could be *a lot* better.
Seeing the link was from LiveLeak had me nervous that I was about to see something bad.
Yes its completely free. There aren't any tiers like Turbo Tax. The only issues with CK were the missing forms the first couple years, but it's solid now (or was until Intuit came along).
White people get arrested for stupid shit all the time too. Laws get flexible when you're this rich regardless of what color you are.
