r/beetlejuicing ?
Chemistry tells me lithium and water are a bad fucking idea. Especially lithium ion. But hey. Maybe that’s just wrong and I’m too tired to look up whatever error I’m making.
If you think your having a heart attack. Tell Someone. Feel sick and impending doom? Tell someone. No one around? **DONT BRUSH IT OFF, dial 911 IMMEDIATELY**
Well if he works in a lab I hope so...
I would normally agree this is a r/notheonion worthy post, but then I saw Fox. And immediately had trouble discerning their intentions....but not really.
I think someone gave you acid in your Adderall my man.
It should be fine taken on an empty stomach, you might want to get check for drug capsule allergies.
Or the singularity...
Wow that’s super wholesome
r/TIHI
If you truly believe. hard.
Fucking GoldenEye and Turok Ragewars
My uncle literally designs many of the tanks across the country. Can’t wait to see the final product.
Just. Fucking. Imagine. In a parallel world, some poor soul nearly pissed himself because instead of London it read Singapore, and instead of posting it to reddit, he has a panick attack.
Ah ol’ Shep. An actual moderate (?) part of me is surprised they haven’t hung him by his thumbs at Fox... Not always moderate, but his thought have been some of the more rational...Wow, I can’t believe my words.
Eat it.
Time and hard work.
WOW call a lawyer.
To diffract light...
&gt;The researchers then used a variety of oceanographic instruments and sea-going robots, along with SOI’s state-of-the-art research vessel Falkor, to study ocean conditions and marine life at the White Shark Café ##They took a damned vessel named FALKOR to the White Shark Café My day has been made.
Oh no.
Thank Us!
Thank you!
Now it’s time to send this to some meme sub and write triple strike just for S’s &amp; G’s
How about paying stock holders hmmm?
Almost r/comedycemetary But can I have a fact check?
It’s okay, it’s not your fault. You can’t possibly know...
I was hoping you could tell me where exactly you got it. My great great great grandfather had a Strad, and played violin, but It was pawned by his grandson. I was hoping to maybe strike lucky with some family history. If you are concerned about privacy, please just mention the State, but It would be nice to know if it was his given the year.
Nisus Writer is still sworn on by my brother.
Oh so in line with this generation of republican president? Check
You are a terrible human being. Use watercolors.
What did you do? Give that cat X?
Bonus: [cyriak](https://www.youtube.com/user/cyriak) for those who want to know where the rabbit whole goes
r/beetlejuicing for real
Your liver is literally the only organ that can regenerate up to two thirds of itself if cut.
So literally everyday...
Can’t you still do this though?
I need a link
You do realize the most of the scientific article on Wikipedia are heavily monitored by people within relevant communities right? You may edit something in a given field or source, but by the time you go look at it later that day, if it was incorrect, it’s been changed, and if you did it maliciously, you will be IP banned from ever editing it again.
Ice water has negative calories...
Which is crazy because a modern Unix or Linux system would sustain them for years to come.
Don’t remind Russia.
**It would have been Much much much cooler if they took a page out of The Stanley Parable’s playbook.** They needed more endings and more ridiculous ones and lock out choices if you haven’t seen a specific scene from earlier in the film. [Spoiler-ish Warning] If you went and talked with Collin to “see the bigger picture” (slightly spoiler-free-friendly wording) he talks about PAC-man well, later you get an option regarding something and PAC. Twice. Those options should only be available if you actually saw the bigger picture scene. I was able to see get those options/scenes without ever seeing that bigger picture scene. On that note. If you fail and get a flash forward retry, Collin might say “have we met before” even if you said No to the relevant reset that makes that a logical meta question. Those of you who know what I’m talking about in reference to the movie will understand. Those of you who don’t understand...go watch the movie more.
**It would have been better if they took page out of The Stanley Parable’s playbook.** More endings more ridiculous and meta one, and lock out the choices related to scenes you haven’t seen from earlier in the film. [Spoiler Warning] If you went and talked with Collin to “see the bigger picture” (slightly spoiler-free-friendly wording) he talks about PAC-man well, later you get an option regarding something and PAC. Twice. Those options should only be available if you actually saw the bigger picture scene. I was able to see get those options/scenes without ever seeing that bigger picture scene. On that note. If you fail and get a flash forward retry, Collin might say “have we met before” even if you said No to the relevant reset that makes that a logical meta question. Those of you who know what I’m talking about in reference to the movie will understand. Those of you who don’t understand...go watch the movie more.
**GET AN EKG as a young man!** I found out that I have a unusual heart rhythm that scares the crap out of Physicians and PAs every once in a while. Most likely due to athletics in my high school years. Still, all the adult males, my dad, my grandfather, his father and his father had heart ailments. That they died from. Some preventable some not. Pay attention to your heart!
I will now do this wherever I work...this is brilliant.
We had to put our Great Pyrenees down two days ago at 11.5 years old. It was a super hard decision, but he couldn’t walk anymore and we were pretty sure he had cancer and spinal ailments. It was made harder because he was my Dad’s dog and my dad passed in mid-October. I will be burying two peoples ashes in 2019. Love *for* them, not after them.
Really? Because Forbes and the economist has people reeling because they know better.
Teach me your ways
As a noob can you dive a bit deeper with maybe an example?
Rehabilitation of felons has not been a primary goal for IS prisons since before Nixon, maybe even farther back. When we deregulate an institution such as prisons or food safety, all we have seen is abuse abuse abuse. It’s almost as if money is a more powerful motivator than human care.
Please tell me someone has tweeted this to Ben....
The good radio shack when it had actual components.
&gt;With a lion population Is the scariest part of that. More than one....wut
Gotta love Phloem and xylem it’s the circulatory system of plants!
Which is ironic considering it’s the start of Jewish sabbath... when they don’t work? That’s a really bad joke and I should feel bad.
Do you have a cross section?
Source: Chemist that is me agrees with you and came to state that the Manchineel may not be the most deadly, but it sure is one of the most toxic and dangerous.
**Stratified squamous epithelium** if anyone wanted to know...
As a young person I am absolutely elated that you are so professional. You have had no ill will (ie no scorched earth policies) towards Karen or Bob. Although they were A-holes per se, you didn’t say nasty things nor did you make an effort to Blacklist them with negative comments to their new employers or cause them to be unhireable. Although there are policies in place in the world that prevent blacklists from largely being a thing across different companies...it happens. And ruining a life just because someone had a huge ego is just so inhuman. So I’m glad you outdid them but I’m also glad you didn’t cause a life of suffering for a foolish kid.
Paper costs less than that atrocious hat smartass.
It’s for when he has a showdown...
Thanks OP for not hiding the Instagram username. I will now follow to combat world market... unless this is viral cancel culture....
Got some links?
Oh no
Swear to god you’re parents are Rachel Dratch and an Aye-aye.
Well now he has a rule of thumb for house close the cut can be.
We need someone to do this for everything in daily life...oh my god.imagine it being done for wall street traders. Or emergency room staff.
So I’m assuming this is her office doing their due diligence for pre impeachment press tolls that basically sets the tone for what’s time come right?
More accurately/alternatively titled: “Why apple has seen a dip in revenue.”
Arrest those who deny congressional subpoenas. Period.
It’s situations like these that makes me want to have the house and congress overall have a committee or meta/super-committee composed of the leading members (bipartisan if possible) of each committee that can sit there and vote on whether a document can legally be declassified. Laws would need to be rewritten, but that’s kind of the point.
As a Coloradan I Take offense to being called a yeehaw state. That shit ends at our southern border. We are skiing ranchers if anything.
I like the idea of $25k per hour. It would be much more motivating.
If you only knew... How true...
Tinnitus
Nothing feels worse than someone acting like self-loathing poems toughen your skin. Get a YouTube channel, post videos of yourself reciting the poems. The comments will be more savage than you could ever say about yourself. Self-absorption is dangerous.
Actually half of your brain would. The other half would remain awake so you don’t die.
Want some unwarranted advice? If you don’t have a back injury or too weird of a back (like actually structural differences) try sleeping on the ground on a yoga mat. It’s better and will help you feel more able to fall asleep. At first it’s sucks a lot, then it will be easy as pie. Also...don’t look at your phone for an hour before bed. Brush at least 45 minutes before bed and lay down 15 minutes before you expected to get into bed. With a boring ass book. Works every time.
Psychopaths typically have a disinterest in people...
This is why we should run businesses as Anti-profits. A non-profit benevolent business aimed at the betterment of a cause by solely sinking money into the fair cause. A ceo and intern alike make no money and the only money spent on them is to food and shelter them... It’s kind of like volunteering only with more security and more betterment in n a consistent basis.... Pie in the sky really...
Well Star Wars deal must have cleaned their cocks erm clocks...
NEVERDEAD
That’s not how autoimmune diseases work...
They need you at Camelot
Took 7:45 am calculus classes for four semesters. Loved it. Yes I knooow. I’m satans spawn.
This is gonna bite us in the butt. Nothing good can come from this. Nothing at all.
r/TIHI
Just truth.
Agreed. Let’s not.
Yes. Yes I did. I think your missing my point......r/whoosh
Yes yes you did lol
Still creepy to say good morning by sitting in a camp chair looking in.....
I have some film that may have some photos my dad took before he died. The film was stupidly pulled out of the camera by someone. Over exposing it. They did this indoors so the light level was pretty dispersed. (Pulled out after they thought it had been reeled back into the canister, it wasn’t) If I wanted to have it salvaged by someone with a lab what things should I try to convey beyond telling them that it’s overexposed/damaged and I just want to try to recover as much detail as possible from the photos and I’m not necessarily worried about color accuracy or other things?
Camera Lenses
Credit: Cody’s Lab
Oxford comma. Please use it. I know I sound like a shit. But it really helps people like me properly read who all had trouble with communication.
I find this interesting considering Colorado has more than 300 days of sunshine and moderate weather is a commonality also...
...we are simple creatures?
How do we make his seat less safe?
Try taking a pottery class. You don’t have to talk. And if someone wants to talk to you just be receptive?
I was under the impression that it’s super important to keep stretching as you body build so you can retain flexibility...I mean, until it’s physically impossible to squish that much muscle...
What if.....we had three bathrooms everywhere: Cubicles. Cubicles and urinals. Urinals. Best of any situation?
Couldn’t pick a bigger sharpie?
What allows them to not have these hearing be mandatory attendance events?
Film Manufacturers? Does anyone still make 35mm Color Negative ISO/ASA 1600 or greater? Even limited runs? I know I could hunt down Fuji’s expired Natura or Superia 800 or 1600... But I’m talking 2019 manufactured film that is not expired. Are there any small batch brands that maybe only manufacture high ISO in limited batches every other month/6 months? That would be cool.
As far as I know 28mm is good for landscape or large group photos. Great for anything where you want to catch a wider angle. *Shorter the focal length = Greater Field of view.*
You might try finding a light meter and practice with some cheap black and white negative film. Additionally a faster/brighter lenses may help. (f/2.8 and smaller, if you can find it) You should do indoor light studies, buy some film like the black and white iso 200 or 400 all the way up to 3200 ( the higher the iso, the more ability to use it in lower light conditions). List what focal length lenses and what aperture you use and how far away the target is. Then take a picture, note which shot used that specific setting and then change the aperture. Nothing else. Increase it and take a picture. Note the shot number again. If you do this you can figure out the inherent strengths of your camera lens with that film. It also helps you figure out what your lenses limitations are. Although in general you’re going to want a brighter lens.
I believe Lomo loves to tell you that it’s color negative 800 can be pushed to 3000. But that’s just what I read. I have no experience with it yet.
Well I guess the biggest thing is to remove Rh factors. Then anyone can have the blood.
Ho-ly tomato....do not drop. **Impact Detonating**
Must be white collar so he doesn’t work *that* hard. Not with those shoes.
Spend it all on frivolous things like tricked out cars, or pools full of jello.
May be that you don’t have a terrible sense of smell, just bad allergies that only show up as rhinitis that inhibits most smells. Or a very dry nasal cavity
These diaries shouldn’t be censored. It’s a teenager writing to herself. Every teenager has these same thoughts. It’s important to show that they aren’t alone and that their thoughts are not bad or illegal and are natural.
&gt; [Benioff and Weiss] said [it was] ‘so self-conscious and we hate it basically, Yeah, because showing empathy, introspection or self-awareness isn’t in their playbooks...
It only takes one time to end up with your brains on the floor...
God. Does anyone else look at this and see that we complain too much in America? Imagine the Walking Dead set in Hong Kong...
Why on earth would you call them by their name in front of them? So much confusion.
My Dad passed away back in October. I know how you feel. I’m growing his sunflowers.
Porpoise
That black thumb is just waiting to germinate. If you ever want advice just ask here! But some advice would be to use mushroom compost or composted manure, mixed with sphagnum peat moss and sand for drainage. It makes amazing organic soil.
##There’s a special circle of hell for those who molest children; and talk in the theatre.
That’s because the tuned out.
Real owner right there
Whyyyyyyyyyy ugh. I know *why*. I’m just saddened.
What can we really do?
It would be him and a following around him that would get McConnell removed from Majority Leader. He could literally have everyone listening to what the man has done...
Did she think this before or after she plucked her eyebrows?
Yes, but we don’t skin them alive for sport
But we won’t have animals that big. Because we fuck the planet up. We had Rhyhorn then we killed em.
10k
You know there were a couple times I drank so much I thought I might die. But I was never blacking out or couldn’t remember. Am I cursed or lucky? And definitely when people are worried your gonna need your stomach pumped, you definitely are too drunk.
Am I wrong for thinking this is really close to a state border? Exit 27?
Is there a CGI representation of what these look like if they were fully reconstructed?
Another Sanity injection: Just because I cannot find my rapist or accuser doesn’t mean he didn’t do it. That’s one way of looking at it. Another is, just because I can’t show you that I was raped or how it happened because I’m still working through the trauma doesn’t mean it didn’t happen.
I’m not sure what’s in the background, but I’m hoping it’s an r/Imsorryjon Rube Goldberg machine.
You’re spelling is off. I feel as if you could have achieved greatness...
We can....and we will...
Oh no. That’s one so mean. This is one of the worst ones I’ve seen.
She’s also over 18 confirmed and an adult he has known for more than a day. I’m sure they trust each other enough to show physical affirmation of friendship
You know...it wouldn’t be a bad thing if this was the only kind of single use pollution in our water... glass is just glass.
Except with more teeth.
Question about style. Was 800 speed necessary? Could 200 have worked? Part of me applauds people for buying more Portra 800 because we need demand to promote supply (also buy stocks or promote film usage). but the other part of me has this doomsayer attitude that if we use up the 800 there will be none left one day. But I have no evidence to the contrary. PS this is awesome and I live it, I’m also curious what a Cinestill800 version would look like!
What if there’s cloud cover. Less sun for one second then more? Seems like a beneficial thing to keep in mind. Maybe expose the darker one first?
Need a tutorial my man.
We need a post about this on the r/analog info page.
No worries!
I forgot a “the” in the phrase “I’m not sure if that’s *the* Cinestill” my bad. I was trying to word it because I’m unfamiliar with the color. Basically saying either the Cinestill nature or your developing makes it look so lush.
God all I want is to use the damn Fujicolor HR1600 rolls my dad used to use!
I suggest you call in sick that day in an emergency and go to that appointment. I also suggest you tell the doc she sees that your calls are blocked (use technical term here) and ask her if this is possible at all...
I though this post was going somewhere. Apparently not. Just like season 8.
Time is only wasted if you didn’t enjoy it.
Wait what! Oh man this show had such a unique cast!
Damn old deep cut.
Falling Water. what the fuck was season 2? You make a tripping balls awesome season 1 and then over do season 2? What?
Was it a hit or miss?
Dude. You fail. If someone has the balls to mention their dead ex or family member don’t up the ante!
Dude this is your chance! You obviously are following the rules to some degree otherwise she’d have been brutal and left!
I met a girl during the winter at a friend of my brother’s party and she couldn’t believe we put dairy with alcohol. She thought it was disgusting. She couldn’t get over it. Here we are drinking Brandy and Eggnog and Irish carbombs( not me, that’s too much on a Sunday) and she’s gagging at the thought. She tries it and says it tastes good but then goes and puts it in the kitchen. We look at each other like someone just killed the cat...
Well this is uncommon. Guess you’d say we live in uncommon times...
I truly think he had something other than the delusions of grandeur you see from bipolar disorder. His disorder was definitely as if he was always right, but also that he didn’t live in a world where he was evil nor that he had done anything truly wrong or the ramifications. It was really weird.
r/dogsmiring
The one thing you can do to honor this man and his wife is to do just that: Live your life and have it filled with love and kindness. You will know the strengths and courage to forgive and find love in others. Just as the wife forgave you. You punished yourself and are now forgiving yourself. An accident is truly that. An event that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally. Just a radio. That happens. You weren’t irresponsible, you just looked a different direction at the wrong time. How would you know? You can’t. Everything is temporary and nothing is perfect. We preserve things and keep things with us that help us remember those other, more, temporary things. Photos of a time with no digital record. Trinkets from a friend long gone. Pain of an event not forgotten. Love yourself and preserve their memories. That’s why we are allowed to feel pain. To remind us we are all the same and that we are human.
[The Logical Song – Supertramp](https://youtu.be/low6Coqrw9Y)
But if you have gangrene and need antibiotics....go to the emergency room. Please.
I’m in the same boat. No call yet and the courier or collection tech mentioned it would be 2-3 work days before results were back. Then mentioned results would go directly to the employer. I have a prescription that will show up. Yet, it’s now the start of workday 4 with no call. So admittedly I’m nervous. I worked for a government position in the past and it only took one day then an MRO contacted me and asked for my prescription info because I tested positive for x-medication. They contacted my doctor and okayed everything and returned a negative to the employer. Thats surprisingly efficient compared tot his time. Family has mentioned to me that if you take something that was prescribed to you and it shows up on a drug test, they are legally obligated to confirm the legitimacy of their positive result. Imagine for example: you take Venlafaxine (Effexor) an antidepressant. There have been reports that it generates false positives for PCP. If a company rescinded an offer to you because of a positive PCP on a dip test and you weren’t on PCP... Anti-discrimination lawyers who specialize in employment would have a field day in regards to punitive damages or plain discrimination. It behooves the drug companies that employer-companies hire to retest a positive dip test, with a confirmation test that has true accuracy. Like UV-Vis or HPLC-MS Urinalysis. Followed by an MRO contacting you to account for any prescriptions known to flag a dip or spectrometer based analysis. It ultimately costs less to be sure then to be in a lawsuit.
Too spoilery
Become supreme leader and end the republic.
Terrorists. They are terrorists
This went right over my head.
I told a restaurant no straw...what did the do? Bring me a straw.
When your really in love with your partner In English you can say: “I’m Yours” which is not usually used for anyone else except your lover(s) A classic musical way of saying you’re my love and I’ll be there for you is: “I got you babe” There are over a 100 ways to say I love you in English.
Welp. He got my vote with one headline.
Except the economic consequence of the student debt is by far the most concerning. It’s more concerning than the housing bubble except it’s not crashing yet. He had my votes for other reasons, but each time he makes more promises it just shows his goals. He’s never changed his mind on his views they’ve always been ahead of the times. Even back in the 80s
It’s very frustrating when obstruction is used as a charge when someone defends themselves. Cop: “Hey you’re committing a crime!” Artist: “No I’m not, I’m permitted to do this” Cop: “I say you’re not, so you’re obstructing, and if you are, you’re obstructing because I said you weren’t!”
So the tornado of fire...I take this is not an accurate account of the environment that a sugar glider actually lives in....?
What on earth have I stumbled upon?
The most distinguishable one and seven are 1 and ~~7~~ I totally agree with when in Rome. I’m new and I don’t want to be seen as rocking the boat. But apparently I’m not the first and I won’t be the last. What if someone more valuable is lost because of this? How many hours of errors will have to be corrected and are lost because of someone in QC who is discriminating against a educational dichotomy? I mean.
It’s on filled out forms. But I agree here too.
My point exactly? Are my capital A’s &amp; E’s lowercase t’s &amp; z’s (mine have a bar on the neck) gonna be an issue too?
Thanks for the perspective. I really do appreciate it. It helps bring my head out of the clouds.
Big box Small box Crystal ball Single doorbell Double doorbell Ice cream cone Feed the pigeons Forward swim Beat the horse Butcher the hippo Grope the orangutan Spank the money And finally Lick the lizard
Stahp
The word is just KFC. It describes all of that. All the time.
Any Beiderlack blanket. You have no idea how good a Coton acrylic blanket is until you try them. Monsanto used to make awesome ones.
Small Pox outbreak Reported in a internationally populated region.
Username Checks out
That arm is fucking broke
For context the oldest person to have lived was 122
Go to bed before midnight and wake up at the same time every morning. Also....SleepCycle app saved my life. No joke.
As someone who learned the best way to teach in certain circumstances. The best way is to assume NO ONE fucking knows what you’re talking about. You can instantly sympathize and integrate ways to approach a topic from a relatable standpoint. Stoichiometry? Just chemistry fractions Fractions? Just pieces of a pie. Pie? Sweet dish made from crisp flakey slightly sweet bread that has filling and out in a dish. That’s a bit over simplifying it but the best way to learn something is repetition. Do a bunch of simple version. Over and over. Make them tell you the answer in unison. Then do one slightly harder one. Learn by patterns. Works with Art, math, history, science. Make them do it with their hands. Or make them write it all out. Don’t move on if they don’t get it. And don’t mock a kid who is obnoxious. He’s probably in need of adderall or the teachers attention because he’s afraid to ask a question and is slowly slowly losing his grip on the subject. I knew kids like these.
Are you THE CocktailChemist?
Colorado. Pleeeeease! The mountains! The caves! The plains! The grottos! Oh the humanity! Not to mention the number of middle silos in the Colorado Wyoming Kansas Nebraska area? Hey and Cheyenne Mtn NORAD? Oh goddamn it would be a good game! (No fucking microtransactions and NO online play)
Idk ask the Australians caught starting fires...
That dude from the new Dracula series...I mean, I prefer the woman, but a deals a deal.
Trying on bra’s, as per girlfriend.
Well...I typically ferry people across a river. Most of the time it’s a one way trip as management isn’t too keen on allowing them to return. But occasionally I am persuaded by a few individuals with certain leverage or power to arrange passage to and fro. However the destination isn’t as pretty as the start of the journey. The river doesn’t smell that great either since dead people can be seen making up a large portion of the volume. I intern in the river Styx. Great pay, great hours, because it’s a shitty job.
False advertising. Unicorns have been proven fake or extinct for over a millennia. Give me refund.
As a chemist, this makes sense. Or to shower or change clothes when you get home. You may follow clean practices at work, but you never know what you bring home.
Dude... go to Walmart and get a glass bottle of fire sauce. Same shit but better for the environment
ANOTHER PSA: I thoroughly implore your to use cyanoacrylate sparingly on big cuts and just go to the doctor. Superglue from the store IS NOT medical grade. It introduces formaldehyde into the bloodstream. While small cuts are okay, definitely don’t want a lot of that in a deep cut.
Get to knitting! Or buy a loom ya bum!
I know other ways a box could make someone happy...
10% into savings. Make it work so you don’t have to when your old.
ALWAYS have an exit plan ready. Don’t exit without one, or you’ll end up walking out a fire escape door with no fire escape and no ladder.
My bound 1906 copy of the Journal of the American Chemical Society 1906 issue. I dare not open it, for fear of it falling apart.
My great great great great grandfather had a Stradivarius that was probably not a Strad.
No such person exists. Justice isn’t always just when viewed from all perspectives and a good person may be evil to those who have been given justice in an unjust world.
Oh I can’t wait for the 2040s. It’s gonna go straight over my parents house.
A triple rainbow.
Guy just gave up and went home.
At that point you need a insulated junction inside that doorknob
Funnily enough...they’ve been that good for a while... Someone said somewhere once to someone I knew once....
Yeah.. the ability to track something moving faster than a normal jet could bank... if in a chase. I’d say so.
THAT is the cop we need. He didn’t shoot. He payed caution. BUT those kids are SMART. They didn’t run, they didn’t fool around and pretend the gun was real enough to point it at him. That amount of caution is rare, but poorly needed. Especially when they are seen as enemies and racist, when only a small population might be. That mom is a good mom. She was reasonable and told them what for. I hope they don’t get anything but lip and no service. The next thing I’d do, if I were that cop is have them ride along. One by one. See what it’s like. Man. I’m so glad he had the ability to calmly talk to them. Ex-military seems scary to have as a cop, but the crazy thing is...they are the calmest people I have met when they are on duty. They’ve seen real shit, so now they know there’s a better way. However some still aren’t like that. Come back angry or traumatized. I’m glad my uncles came back calm. But Vietnam was along time ago...
Nothing.
Get into grad school. Find someone who loves me for me. Financially stable and without debt... all so I can live with my dog and whomever I love and just relax.
I love these definitions
Ripples in the Rock
Trajectory or trends in violating our own ability to survive.
Someone is clearly on meth. r/tooktoomuch
I guess you will make the bottom double thick and make a walk bridge under it
They both say 11:12
What!? No Tobacco?!?
Honestly...I’m going to need hard science fact to prove this. Like a journal article.
Prom-night Dumpster Babies.🎵
Definitely
You can’t cook a spawn of satan.
How far does the rabbit hole go??
I mean the exec knows me by name and is polite. Which could mean a multitude of things.
Never mess with a smart farmer or rancher. They really do have *street smarts* or “farm smarts”. When you have to learn how to get a two inch bolt off a hinge without a second person for fifteen miles and a newly-fused sore back.... you get safely creative. Wanna know if that new concrete prefab cistern wall is gonna fit? You think it will but he says it won’t. Don’t fucking argue. Because the moment you can’t fit it, and you break it, guess who’s not staying around. you. -Grandpa is a Rancher. Grandpa also worked on several highway projects in the Rocky Mountains and refurbishments on the Panama Canal. Grandpa knows more than you Mr. Engineer. -I’m a chemist btw. Yes I here about being a college boy all the time. And yes, I tell him I’ll do my work on the ranch too and still fucking write a dissertation.
Where’s Monday?
^(lit’l Russian boots!)
AMA?
Silent movies
Honestly if you have problems with college you’re gonna have more problems with the real world. Get a grip. Find what you really like and do that. Don’t choose a fucking major because your buddies or daddy says so. Fucking choose the major that will make you happy. There is always a way to monetize your loves of life. Trust me. Look for it, experiment, with classes and sex, and drugs, and parties. You are literally in the last great social common experience. USE THAT.
I’m glad you liked it.
You should return that to NASA
40? Ummmm
Hmmm. My bad, I must not be able to visualize what you mean. I don’t ever remember hx, are you talking about audio aux for a pedal? I guess I’m rustier than I though in my swagelok. Are your quarter turn valves 1/8?
I didn’t replace the airbags.
• We re-elect Trump. • Nuclear bomb somehow detonated in the ocean floor after significant damage to its integrity(not sure if this is possible) and poisons the ecosystem. • Nuclear detonation by rogue agents (not even a rogue state). • Hyper accelerated methane thaw and expansion. • Small pox makes its way out of a lab, or worse a live &amp; dormant specimen is found while excavating a not-too-old archeological site and its contracted before anyone realizes they have been exposed. • Krakatoa actually pops. • Mt. St. Hellens does a reunion tour, doubles the audience size. • We end up being very wrong about Yellowstone • New stable form of Ebola doesn’t burn through its hosts before rapid air-born transmission. •HIV somehow becomes airborne • Global warming does something drastic on a 6 month time scale. • Kent State Happens all over again at major city centers and America doesn’t invoke the 2nd.
Funny thing is. Regardless of if it was from his heart or his lungs, both stop the heart. Both kill a man. And here, a man is dead. George Floyd died due to human inflicted stress upon his body. That stress led to a chain reaction in his body that ended with his heart stopping and his death. There is without a shadow of a doubt no need to mince words. After the tox-screen and even with it, the officers’ behavior led to his death. The officers behavior could have been negligence (which it was), it could have been brutality (which it was), it could have been asphyxiation (which it was) or it could have been pressure that independently stopped his heart (which it also probably was). This man died because another man was too angry, too dumb, too authoritarian, and too inhumane for his position. He killed George Floyd. He knew he was going to kill him and if he didn’t he should be in a facility for the mentally challenged, and they shouldn’t be brought down to his level. There is no denying he did what he did because. A kind yet flustered man would have cuffed George Floyd and propped his knee under him so he didn’t asphyxiate. A man who gave a shit, would have heard the screaming of George and the bystanders and looked down at George’s face to see it was red. Then re-situated to provide safe apprehension. But a flustered hyper-vigilant, hyper-proud, and possibly sociopathic cop saw a dark pigmented societal plague (because that’s what racism runs rampage in police departments) and didn’t give a shit to *see* **if** he was fine. He and his co-conspirators **Told** the bystanders “*He’s fine*” Never readdressing paramedics that a suspects condition is hastening and that immediate concern is rising. No. This man wanted George dead or didn’t care if he lived or died. A man who cares if another dies, doesn’t put his knee Centimeters from the brain stem. These men deserve jail and lots and lots of cold meals.
Yeah that’d do it.
California’s economy is essential to National Security.
Hyper-virulent dysentery
I’m pretty sure that’s why shits so bad though... someone picked up the chicken bone that trump was supposed to trip on...
And Chuck Norris
BecuSse 2020 is in quarantine! They don’t know!
East Coast. Imagine that instead
I mean, that’s really all you had to say.
Smallbola Poxbies
And it had super glue that forever bonds it to you food right below the ball of it
Yeah, but who’s driving this thing?
All good shows end in violence.....except GoT we don’t speak of their madness.
Dubs don’t always translate stuff well and sometimes the subtitles are better. For English speaking show, sometimes the audio is bad, where the environmental sounds are way to loud and the verbal sounds are quieter. That’s the perfect time for closed captioning.
As someone who is 28 and trying to get into gradschool... be thankful for what you can and can’t do.
But what happens if you combine it with a second random number generator that is rotated 90degrees on that axis?
I’m sure that’s exactly what she wanted. Regardless if she’s good or bad.
Dude they made 800 back then too.
Dude. My dad used to leave film in his camera for several years. Don’t even worry about it unless you’re shooting very old stuff.
If you live in Colorado on the front range hit me up.
We need a bot
Even better “Use the Word-bank.”
Copulins are a legit thing. Their effect however is debated.
Straight up stealing comments? Wow...
Sounds about right. Where are my shrooms.
That looks like severe depression.
November: oh high June. How’s it going? June: Well...nothing surprises me anymore. Nov: Oh yeah, I get that. Well, kind of June: GET THE FUCK OUT. No. I’m not doing this. Just tell me if I need to find a bunker!
I watched it the other day and wS like...wow. April was only 30 ish days ago...I have totally forgot about the dolphins in Venice. Wait, the stock market dropped? Yeah..my radar for shit and fans need recalibrated.
Wow my bad. I mistyped. I was talking to someone at the same time. They only saw 30% net of the bonus, the rest went to their health insurance premiums, and taxes. So their bonus 3.5 weeks after being furloughed, paid for employee benefits but basically nothing else.
Sounds like something Alan Watts said a lot
If they are unidentifiable, then how do I know they are a cop. Is there citizen’s arrest in DC? Maybe these people are impersonating a law enforcement officer.
This is why you don’t push hard when you shit.
Please recycle.
Don’t retouch a true physical feature.
Crushing depression, living with family, I’m an asshole.
I love your humor. I’m using it...
Make a sand castle. Crush it, then make a fish. Now you have a fish in the desert 👌🏻
Well, you must have something going for you.
Basically it could be light leak, shutter problem, dev problem, or canister problem. The canister problem is the least unlikely if multiple rolls are experiencing this. Thedarkroom is kind of overwhelmed right now so human error is possible.
The brave homeless
Low IQ + High T + Small Penis + Badge = Blanket permission to maim.
I’ll say this again. ##The difference between our Military &amp; NG vs. our Cops: #THE FUCKING SOLDIER TENDED TO THE COP-WOUNDED ELDERLY. As police your duty is to protect and serve.
“You’d think it’d be the defining event of 2020.” “Yeah not even a little”
Oh god...sim earth.
I think we shouldn’t say that. Fate rewards the blind.
“Don’t trip!” \*Sticks leg out* Oh my gosh. It’s so unfortunate that you tripped. \*Beep*. “Uh, suspect has tripped; confirm.” \*Kshhk*
Can we have link to HD version?
I’m writing this one down.
Oh that thing that’s still accruing on my student loan debt even though they issue a no interest no payments slide to COVID?....
Oh boy. This is funny. Is it bad that I don’t know whether your being serious? ;-) ...^(lol, cetaceans)
I agree, but the care for human life shouldn’t be different. Your human, I’m human. They are too. They are just also sometimes taught to be a robot.
So is this also why it’s incredibly unlikely to receive a deep space message from a distant intelligent life? The beam of data would have to be so powerful and concentrated and that we’d have to know about before hand to hone in on the direction so as to listen and “catch” it? Maybe?
Well.... I for one can’t even contribute to this argument because I was a kid in school when Columbine happened. I was also a kid when black kids were treated like shit, because they’ve always gotten the short end of the stick. Fuck.
I’m sure there are other people they want to hang...but they don’t want to have to be interviewed by the FBI and secret service.
The Soldier helped the guy...that’s the only guy.
I’m starting to have my own conspiracy theories...except they are about how the government and the police have been planning this shit for years with trump...to win the election. some-fucking-how.
Yes
That’s not scary if someone accidentally misconstrues the groups intentions. Simply by name.
Did Denver do this? They are always up to funny business. I bet it was Denver.
Idk how to keep doing this. Can’t go anywhere. Don’t have much entertainment that stimulates the mind. It’s either too hot al heavy rain... even the dogs are getting depressed. I’m tired.
Hey...calm down. Black people didn’t do anything to you.
Also probably like a 1.5 volume for 2008 just because the recession and first black president kind takes a lot of lead up.
Oh! I greatly enjoyed fly labs. I studied molec bio in college, but raising those kinds of animals sounds so cool!
Oh wow, so you went to school after college for a certification right?
That’s crazy. Honestly I did a lot of research in undergrad in immunology and cell studies. How much does a program like yours actually differ from a molecular biology program?
I like this shirt for a different reason than what people probably are thinking about but maybe I have a social disconnect. I think it’s cute and wholesome, but it’s even better in general, because as black individuals in a store, they are always tailed by employees and treated as shady. Always being asked(more than most people) “*Do you need anything/can I help you?*” This shirt says “*fuck you, I know what you’re doing*” Or is that what everyone else noticed too. I might be having a hard day if I’m slow on the uptake here.
I do believe this is why escrow is useful. I think more small businesses need access to some sort of quick-escrow. A bank or notary acts as a 3rd party that can sign off on the escrow going through, but it also prevents the customer from haggling a job to almost completion before paying the contractors. But the bank or notary don’t add hurdles to the escrow, they just act as a fiscal observer. Sure that limits people who use credit, but maybe you shouldn’t be purchasing a full remodel if you don’t have the funds to employ people. Unless it’s DIY.
Just don’t forget to pay the man.
Wait what was the fallout?
Yeah...that fence is a beast. For a six footer.
Regardless of her consent. It’s most likely still against policy to fuck a suspect.... And her consent matters...but holy shit I didn’t realize how fucked up New York is with their custody laws.
Yet here I am...getting ghosted by my company after furlough. “When we know when to bring you back, you’ll know” Ah. So you have no idea when You’re bringing me back. That’s pretty close to an *”indefinite amount of time before you return”*
After all the shit I’ve seen...I’d love to see a couple examples of black guys doing this. I don’t trust that cops adhering to the law if they pull over a black individual and they state the same thing...even if it’s in a state that allows you to do this.
Individual subjective experience!
Wait...I thought Minneapolis has been working on their police since after the first few days... what the fuck
Impersonating an officer of the law is usually a high order felony.
Hey depression is rough, but you are worth it and you did good. I’m proud of you and your awesome tool!
If you fly a drone and you’re in the protest....how the fuck do you find yourself?
So basically Dead Men Tell No Tales is like the retcon of the series that no one wanted...kind of like throwing the previous script away or even pulling a “The Last Jedi” except with less taste or finesse.
Why the hell cant he climb over it?
The whole place morphs like the stairs do, or like a haunted house, or the House of Leaves. Except it’s not morphing due to bad spirits or mal-intent. That’s my way of accepting the erroneous changes.
Oh no... you should definitely not stop now. What aspect do you think your missing? What page are you on?
Much more rare in Norway.
Are you sure your 23? I’m 28. I think our ages are switched.
You now have a monthly rate with ISPs that was not nearly as prevalent.
No U
Man...I wish we gold plated her. Damn that would be expensive, but also glorious.
This is a repost
I mean FFS they could have better footage with a Go Pro...
The ONLY argument that could be made here is they, **in confusion** attacked the owner because they thought he hadn’t backed away from the gun. Usually I think of backing away from a gun as anywhere from 3-6 ft away from it. More likely they attacked him because of racial profiling and because he was already flustered. The only thing that could have helped was if the owner was less flustered and clearly stated in dumb slow meathead cop English- I HAVE THE PERP, I HAVE MADE A CITIZENS ARREST. Fucking racist cops. See a black dude in a hoodie during a Robbery call and y’all just start punchin’
Gotta make it easier for people to hit a target with minimal training.... Cops need licenses!
I’d give more credit to schizophrenics
Now make new film with it. Then publish the recipe, so film photographers can make their own film when the price for film is too damn high.
Maybe so, but I don’t have to worry about stripping emulsion. I already have sourced film base witch is what the emulsion goes on. Basically at that point it’s just proper mixing and thin film coating of emulsion into the base. Which is the tricky part from my understanding. If you already have film base. If you don’t have film base, you have a lot more work ahead of you. Film base is polyester which would have to be blown into thin films or some sort of thin film roller thing that makes, layers and cools the polyester to the thickness and composition required for 135 format film base substrate. If I needed to make the base I’d probably not be so motivated. Polymer materials chemistry is much more complex to perfect. Because if the formulation, then process development and manufacturing.
Didn’t know they existed. Wow.
No. You are wrong and yes your opinion is in fact unpopular. Here’s why. Chances are you are white or of light skin like myself, but if you aren’t then you have been sheltered and privileged. In fact I bet this is a troll or karma grab but I will definitely go with it. Racism is systemic and I can guarantee you see it every day. Here’s why. Black neighborhoods. That’s the result neighborhoods that had low land value, and seen as unseemly to the more fortunate. Many well to-do black people in the 50s-70s were purposefully shown homes in these neighborhoods and were forced away from rich white neighborhoods. There’s two compounding factors (**at least**) in this statement. But the big thing is a large group of black or non-white individuals typically have been shunned and thus now can’t afford good neighborhoods, their schools dont see as much funding and thus are confined to less chances for academic/education and subsequently economic opportunity. Therefore they cannot afford better housing. Where there is low income there is an increase in crime. This is why many white people have come to associate black neighborhoods with crime. Which the police also do. Therefore a disproportionate amount of black people are arrested for non-violent crimes. That’s fact and you can start your research with **real estate racial red-lining** Next. Due to neighborhood segregation there is an increased likelihood that you will not have many friends of color different from your own. Therefore you won’t experience cultural diversification and you, your family and local groups will begin to form much more radical biases. The deep south is a huge example of this. Racism is the primary motivator for the Civil War. Wanting free labor from what they thought were Sub-human beings. Black people are people too. The use of the confederate flag or rebel flag is NOT a cultural staple for the south, it’s a cultural staple for the plantation rebels. The people who want their slaves back. This goes for all of the confederate statues. All of that is systemic propagation of racist ideals. It keeps the memory of hate alive. You may think hate is a snarled nosed red faced screaming belligerent white dude yelling expletives. But it’s also the calm admissions officer who hates black people and hasn’t told a soul and simply picks the white kid because the black kid came from Harlem and has dreads and he thinks dreads are nasty. That’s racist. Seeing a vandalism or litter on the side of your neighborhood which is usually hi-jinks free and then seeing two kids of color and assuming they did it. That’s racist. Seeing a dark skinned individual wearing a hoodie and crossing the road because you feel slightly weird. That’s racist. (Unless you feel weird when any guy in a hoodie walks your way). Racism is extremely systemic to the point that it is mostly subtle. The war on drugs and crack cocaine was racist. The war on marijuana made Mexican and other brown skinned and black individuals look like the devil. It has single handed mostly crippled communities who might have otherwise not even used the drug except sparingly with a buddy for the weekend that one time... How many black people live in your neighborhood? How many times do you hear loud music and think it’s that house up the street that’s rented out to the black folk? That’s fucking racist. I can give a thousand examples of racist shit that you’d never think was racist because it wasn’t instilled in your mind that your biases come from racial tensions over the last 150 years (minimum) By all means, think it’s not as prevalent as it is. But you will be wrong and you will look like and asshat.
Sheeeit.
Tweet this video
Herra Durra ^(nooooo)
Price out the effort as a line item. Some people disrespect art professionals because they think it’s easy and it should be cheaper. Seriously though...price that shit out line item and show them the work that it takes. Its the same as IT when it comes to work. Some people think it should be cheaper but if a person sits at a computer for 20 bucks to thirty bucks and hour for a bunch of gigs then that’s what you should pay, or if it’s like 300 an hour to devote four hours to one gig, fine whatever works. Don’t be swindled by asshats who don’t actually appreciate effort in art.
Tell me about it brother. You know...I actually found that stretches in the morning and stretches at night seem to really help this. However I’ve got the nastiest shoulder ever. When I was 20 I had surgery on it and at the time the doc was like “you have a 60 year old shoulder” It’s sloppy mostly when I sleep. Advice? Bent over rows and take care of rotators cuffs and labrums and your upper bicep portion.
Fucking jealous. My roommate could sleep anywhere.
Oh. All of them. Well not all. Janet in accounting is great.
After having tried many depression and anxiety cocktails I was given gabapentin. I realized that not only do I have actual pain sensitivity, but I am also probably uncomfortable all the time due to arthritis and scoliosis that has popped up...
Colorado’s [1918 Curve for Spanish flu](https://www.google.com/search?q=colorado+1918+flu+curve&amp;rlz=1CDGOYI_enUS892US892&amp;hl=en-US&amp;prmd=insv&amp;sxsrf=ALeKk02jMcReIcYElizNJpTOHKI30pchGw:1591796482320&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwiFkoj_r_fpAhXPXc0KHaokB9UQ_AUoAXoECA0QAQ&amp;biw=414&amp;bih=622&amp;dpr=3#imgrc=M9M9raIaMfqcnM) told ya so.
What caused your house fire? Just asking because this is my biggest fear with all of my dads old photos. I’d love to scan, but we are talking hundreds if not thousands.
Honestly these posts defeat the purpose of this sub...
It’s it’s any consolation...it’s post now has more than either...
Photographic Film/negative Scanners. Holy pickle rick. Imacon and Hasselblad make some scary good scanners that I’ll never be able to use. I have a good one, but sometimes you want the best for no other reason than to know what they should truly look like.
Oh yes...
Honestly...when’s the last time Trump was told “You’re Fired.”
It really bothers me that weird colloquial emotions were used to name the combined emotions. I’m almost sure that there are actually names for complex emotions like Disgust +Joy = more like Intrigue Disgust + Surprise = more like Unbelief Surprise + Anger = more like Outrage Disgust + Anger = more like Contempt
His eyes say he gets roasted enough by you for his weird food choices. Did it ever occur to you he probably fed himself as a child? Maybe his parents worked two full time jobs or maybe he only has a mom and she was at work all the time. Or maybe, she never exposed him to cultural cuisine. It would surprise me if he’s a picky eater. And if none of that is true... sad face basically conned me into sympathy...which makes both sociopaths.
Wowowowowow. Sick fuck
what the fuck is an OT?
I think the unique thing about these early games is that many people programming games had to get creative to work with limited space. Now a days anyone can look up code or stack exchange tidbits and how-to’s. This makes coding very accessible but also reduces the chances that someone will read literature in how to actually work with code. In fact very few people even read a textbook or history book, let alone a late 1970s to 1980’s programming text. I think if we remembered our past better we’d have many methods to be more creative.
Gotta love what the internet does to true social memes.
Gaelic Benjamin Franklin
Note: the normal shutter sound is just the snap of the shutter. However there’s that *phatang* sound like a spring or metal part. I have another SRT 202 that is much quieter, and I was hoping to see if this is just a variation or if I should have it looked at.
I thought I was the mirror foam, but I recently replaced it. But I will do that once I finish my current roll.
I can tell you Fuji Superia and other Fuji films do it in fact all the color negative I have scanned in the last 2 months had it. Lomo 800 Kodak Gold 200 Fuji 200 Fuji 400. I may be remembering wrong, but it’s probably something common now a days. Maybe Tmax is a one off? Or maybe it’s just more common on color negative and not as common on B&amp;W.
Good to know. I don’t have a lens on the camera. And so far I think it happens at all speeds. But the lens mount is especially tight, but I definitely did some opening up not too long ago and it may be related to the speed, but I’m no expert on inner workings. I’ll update it I ever get a good answer from either the crowd or my local shop.
Welp. All I can say is that feels especially shitty for those with suicidal ideation. LPT: when you have ideation, you don’t always want suicide. It’s a lot like that “call of the void” thing where it eggs you on. So try not to make people feel bad after making them feel good. Ya ya I know it’s just a joke. But give someone a hug today please. They need it. Trust me. Even that grumpy fuck wit you hate talking to. He may just need a hug, or a smoke...who knows.
“Lemme sip” “Water? Mmm” \*Cheers*
And he doesn’t even care what his hair looks like, it’s getting naturally and doesn’t even use tanning spray.
Hey. Call your local department of wildlife in Hawaii, specifically for your island. I’m sure the federal Migration law applies there too, but there’s probably a whole slew of other bird migration laws that apply. *But basically* **(A)** You may not be allowed to take care of it unless you have a certification or license for rehabilitation. Local laws apply, idk if your actually allowed to where you are, maybe you are, maybe not. **(B)** Migratory birds (includes cardinals?) are protected birds and have special provisions around their killing (federal offense w/o license), capture, reintroduction etc. So just be wary about where you put it back, try to get ahold of someone if it’s family isn’t like right in your neighborhood or yard. *most birds* don’t care if you touch their fledglings, the smell thing is bull crap. But most fledglings leave the nest before they can fully fly, and learn from their parents in the mean time. So if you heard some cranky or frequent cardinal calls around your home, mom and dad were probably watching.
Forget r/restofthefuckingowl and bring in r/restofthefuckingMonaLisa
Idk....The ultimate showdown basically covered a lot of them. Ma sequel and I’ll let you know afterwards...
You and my brother ( a Home Depot employee) would get along.
Oh definitely on asshole drivers.
Trust me. If you think that’s as sensitive as they’ve been exposed to...boy are you in for a ride.
Honestly...I am thinking it’s a national security issue. That’s why no tweets have gone out. They don’t want I’m too much info spread about the compromises yet.
Big brain over here.
I won’t have to. The sun will do that, half blood ginger. ^(You’re not fooling anyone you soulless strawberry, you have no tan, that’s impossible on a farm)
Oh wow. I bet he’s got the best stories.
Shhhh
That’s so brutal.
They’re too long to be farm nails.
I think you mean OR
That glove is soooo expensive
Please do a tutorial!
Free? So handouts aren’t needed right? Just take what I need right? I’ll have ten million please? My business idea is great! Oh no. It’s a secret I couldn’t possibly share my ideas.
Getting me some lionsmane
This sister is a loose cannon
Tantrums? Have they ever gone explosive on joint or near joint soil?
A....gosling?
My grandfather committed suicide a week before my birthday, and a week before we went into lockdown, and two days before I was furloughed. This shit is wild. That was March. I’m here like [Robin Williams in Jumanji](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/PoliteDetailedIbadanmalimbe-size_restricted.gif) I’m so sorry about your mom. Stay strong
Onion....I love you, but with the world the way it is...all you are doing is giving the powers that be, more ideas. Your like an suggestion box at the video store or library. Where the managers or city council vows to implement one new idea from the box each month.
But to be accurate. The ones getting in trouble probably never said that. Since they have no social skills or forethought to think about consequences or the concerns of others let alone their own children.
I now see a reason to find a way to make this man live that long.... sick fuck
Oh definitely. That movie was like if Guy Ritchie decides to make a more kid friendly Guy Ritchie movie, with the same-ish rating.
Oh really? Why’s that? Couldn’t be because there’s a trend of lynchings growing and a speedy judgement call made could it?
Ah shit.
No, my body is mine, I’m pretty relaxed and don’t mind getting nude in front of someone but I just don’t need to show it to my bro’s. Also...all my friends moved away, so yeah, haven’t had real friendship is half a decade.
Three legged beast. The torsos day head is the neck and head of a moose. The legs are tentacles. Boom new monster/beast/wildlife without using canned shit.
This and yesterday correlate interestingly
Thank you for citation.
Keep going!!! Stay curly! Let that curly fry fly!
Men Who use a wood fire?
Duh.
Set some boundaries. Now. If he goes over them end it.
Blue Fanta Likes to party.
And now I regret ever using that phrase..... fuck me.
Yeah.. I can’t handle the world anymore. Everything is tipsy turvy However I do enjoy the removal of racial stereotypes.
I’m sure Donald Trump is also unaware of his own member. I’m sure he’s also unaware of his other daughter. He’s probably also unaware of the role of the other two branches of government. Shall I go on?
If it’s windy and no rain but the birds are quiet. Then rains and the birds are a tiny bit loud, weather is going to change. If they again get quiet, hail. Idk my experience. If specific birds, say robins, are chirping and you find a baby robin and you don’t see it’s parents, **listen** chances are they are screaming at you or the baby to stay still. Before taking a fledgling/baby bird, listen for it’s parents. If you don’t know what the adult version of the bird sounds like, look it up on the **Merlin Bird ID** app Orioles like Walmart brand squeezable jelly and sweet oranges. And hummingbird nectar. Also the store bought nectar is just bad. Robins will eat suet when tending to a fledgling for more energy. If you love smart birds, like blue jays and ravens: blue jays are easiest to attract set out peanuts on a tray that is on a non squirrel accessible pole or something. House sparrows in America or an invasive species. Promote other birds.
Rest on the shoulders of giants
Le gasp. Le sigh. But maybe then I’ll be able to have a computer to run it.
Roll Tide...shit wait.
Can I get more of what led up to their racist ass comments. I know it doesn’t matter hut I’d love to see what wild hair these fuck faced kids thought made them think it was situationally appropriate when it’s never appropriate!!!
My grandfather killed himself in March a week before my birthday and two days before I was furloughed. We lost my dad to a massive heart attack back in Oct 2018. My mom’s Brother died in 2016. She has lost all but one of the men in her life except for her sons (my brother and I). There is nothing you can do to make yourself see her (your daughter) side of things. Only those in that amount of pain who eventually make the that choice probably know. And not always do they see why. They can’t empathize but you can empathize with pain. Just pain. The only true healing you can do is to realize that although their pain was insurmountable in their eyes, they are more than that pain. Yet also someone different than the person that ended their life. I find that although there is a slow burn to what causes suicide, there also something that acts as the final catalyst. A final timer. The fact is, we don’t get to know what that was either. What we do get to know is how much we loved them and the person they were before this choice. Okay? Stay strong. Don’t get too angry. It’ll destroy you. I’m sorry and I know how you feel somewhat...but never give up on your family as it is now. They need each of you respectively. It’s gonna be okay.
His name was u/Salad
Of course.
The worst part of this is you don’t know it’s a ONN video until you click it on mobile. So the people who just read titles are screened.
I need a subreddit for this kind of stuff r/maybeshesbornwithit !!!
It’s most likely your internal voice emulating all of these people.
So....it’s also very likely that the noose layer is in this picture? Even if you can’t actually see them in this picture .
No worries man. Take it easy. Shit gets the better of us. You owe me nothing and I could have read more comments, but it’s late and I just got back from a road trip. So win some and lose some. We both ended up short today. So maybe we will be rewarded tomorrow. Who knows.
And what’s your proof?
Do not let it free.
Unless they don’t allow anyone in the police building.in Colorado literally none of the state ran buildings have been accessible in my area and I live in a big city. Plus it’s a great way to get a signature....
Remora if I remember correctly
Undeveloping - The degrading or diminished quality of a developed country most commonly in regards to social equality, infrastructure, freedoms, public health, and opportunity both economically and socially. Please see: Societal Degeneration, degradation, de-gentrification, collapse of the Soviet Union, implosion, Societal Skeletonization, Shell country, and puppet state.
Tibetan Mastiff to be correct.
They do. In Eurasian climates...
Same
The Dude’s Sunglasses. Specifically.
Dude. Are you even shooting all of that ?
Probably used to drive stick.
Somebody dipped him in the wrong cat paint.
Air. Canned air. Unless your focusing mirror and fresnel lens focusing materials are all made of pure glass, I’d avoid any solvents. The vapors of acetone, MEK or any petroleum distillate or petroleum based solvent may ruin a vinyl or acetate or nylon based focusing screen. However if you have extremely good ventilation, and access to a solvent that doesn’t dissolve foam or focusing screens, I’d suggest giving a try. I initially would have said try acetone and a vacuum to vent the acetone vapors away from your focusing screen, but it’s best to not even mess with it. The mirror will not affect photographs. If you have concerns with it, maybe find someone who is good at installing new camera mirrors, but know that the angle and location of placement are paramount to aiding in your focusing for your eye which correlated to your film focusing.
Can’t like it if I can’t try it. Only looks amazing but it’s gotta be reliable. Like always reliable. And calibrate-able. Meaning, 20 years down the line, if I take it to a camera shop that has a Standardized sensitometer or other photographic light testing equipment, they can adjust it. Or tell me how much drift the sensor has over time. Maybe that’s too much, but there’s a definite benefit to being able to adjust or repair something so it is not thrown into our environment.
Honestly... if you had asked me to guess what film you were using. I still would have said Portra. That definitely means that the respective color dynamic is there. So like people have said, you can decrease the saturation, or magenta (honestly I don’t have an eye for the color that should be decreased yet.) but you could just limit your editing, and simply enjoy the process for what it gives you.
-4mm might be wide enough to capture the multiverse. Let me know if you find a used one. We can share.
That’s awesome!
Lack of more Gold in the Senate Chambers
They had retail stores!?
Scientific, environmental, and economic ignorance
True Woke is knowing your history. Our history. Our Place in history. Our ability to change the future.
Oh no. This is fact.
A *conspiracy theory* is fake (most of the time). A *conspiracy* has credible evidence, and is probably real. Two vastly different but interrelated terms.
There’s nothing to suggest it, but there’s nothing like pausing the complete release/declassification of the JFK FBI dox
Fuck ups are either always immediately reported, or immediately covered up. By anyone who does them, not just the government.
It can actually go a lot faster
I wish they would release the software they made for their distortion correction.
Well actually most recent stuff has changed decisions I believe...
Oh it wouldn’t surprise me if they did.
Just don’t take that through TSA customs
My eyes, went from f/22 to f/0.95
Oh I hope the CDC makes a snarky recommendation to the states that mandatory masks should be encouraged.
So...does this just taste like hard boiled egg when it’s done?
I second this use
I think we can all say...we’d love the hypocrisy
I hope that the movie rights go to someone just as honest as him. And this trend continues.
Look at this beautiful people!
God I would enjoy a series of elderly activists arguing into senility against other elderly
I will not “Carry”, I will let it hang.
Maintain eye contact.
Oh boy r/gatekeeping has called. They want to talk. Dude. I agree to some extent, but it’s not realistic. Honestly. Bow hunting is a bit more realistic, but hunting for humans after the invention of bows has largely been ambush (historians will correct me). As a human though, you could go as far as saying that we should track an animal and run it to exhaustion then kill it with a spear. That is literally one of the contributing factors to why we have maintained such adept long distance running. We are built for it. Or rather we adapted to the point of being built for it.
His name is the f Stuff you out in Gumbo... I’ve got nothing else to say. Except I’m happy he eventually was happy. A life of mediocrity really sucks.
Give us your story? What’s my chances of getting pubs?
Can we add him to the famous BrocTurnerRapist.com? Can we just make it known that these scumbags should remain publicly forever known as scumbags when they get out? Maybe publicly walk the scumbag mile, with a bell around their neck, and a church hand bell yelling shame at the top of their lungs every half step? Just a thought. I know I’ll get hate. But fuck these nasty rapists.
I’m still researching, but it’s possible it’s a copper line Humidor. But don’t get at me with that “solved” until we can find one very close to the same look? Because I may be full of horse puckey
Can we find a similar one so we can confirm?
Pshh. I knew it was anywhere the solve was found because that’s the only place it could be!
So FA
This dude isn’t American. He may have been born here, but he doesn’t stand for us any more. He’s definitely not a patriot, he’s a racist, ultranationalist-fascist hate monger.
Bruce Willis doesn’t age.
Have you ever listened to SuperTramp?
I’ve been in love with VueScan, but lately it’s giving me issues, but I may be an isolated incident.
Do you know of one for North America?
Revenge of the infallible reactor!
Lomo seems to have a really good exposure tolerance. I never ever ever have issues with it in daylight or evening or night. But every time I use Fuji 400 my negatives always look black as night, but lack detail. If Lomography ever stops putting out film, regardless of its source. Imma be sad. They seem to know how to curate a good stock.
Lens?
Lens?
Awesome thanks. I don’t know this camera.
Maybe it’s a timing thing? Either way. It looks like a fun camera!
Lens?
Don’t take it negatively. It’s a very good picture. The shadows are great. But if he does this often. Rather than metering it dark so he stands like that. Make it about him and his toy. Narrow the depth of field and center the toy and him more to the right a bit. Bring the focus in. Basically there’s a lot going on in the center.
Trump had a Twitch account!?
That’s not a base. That’s an alcoholics cabinet.
I may not get a new iPhone this year
I own stock, but I’m completely unsustainably living with family. Furloughed and unable to reach the always indefinitely busy unemployment offices in my state. So I’m now looking for jobs but have had no call backs. And my Furlough is looking more and more definite as the company has moved to bi-weekly updates, rather than weekly. I really needed that job because I fundamentally am lacking experience in my degree and want to use it, because I have a passion for it. But younger people are much more appealing, so I get looked over. It’s not good.
Well my dad died of a heart attack so you give me hope...
50lb raving mad Australian shepherd who sounds like a Doberman got fucked with a spork the minute you lift the gate latch?
It’s exactly what I’ve been trying to tell people. It’s why confederate statues are bad and why the flag for Mississippi has to change. They basically have racism subliminally dosed to them everyday
No shit. The most upsetting fact was that trump hasn’t learned (and I shouldn’t have expected him to) that we don’t fall for his lies anymore. God November can’t come soon enough. I can’t wait for America to indict his ass try him, then hand him over to Interpol where they try him. We send him to some terrible hole in the ground until he turns from orange to white and looks like a bald fat albino gorilla. Then we tar and feather him for insulting our founding fathers. As a clear reminder, do not threaten individuals and adhere to this subreddit’s guidelines, let the law sort em out.
If he wins the presidency things aren’t going to even stay the same. Things will spiral. We really don’t want that.
Vote vote vote.
Is it silly to put a Ryzen 9 3900x on a ASUS TUFF plus? Am I underutilizing this cpu?
Singularity?
That is the plan
This is what inventory carts are for.
He should get banned.
I have. It’s not making it easier honestly. I need to make sure it’s not something else then I’ll resend more.
Hey look. It’s me! (And probably a large amount of people)
Now add Tails to the tor.
