lmfao! "the british are invading" -rolls around france-
Every time Olga or someone tried saying "it's not all about you." i replied "If it's not about me it definitely isn't about you."
You're not being a brat. i didn't let my mom attend my wedding (even if she could've flown to Sweden) i didn't need a reason other than "because i say so."
no way. buy a big house and have ten JNMIL's living together. Lock them in and seal it in concrete for a year with cameras inside so viewers can watch. Have one TV, four beds and one bathroom. Every week you insert a note that insinuates one of them did something. Watch the drama ensue. If any of them do survive the year they move on to round 2.
I knew Olga was pants on head crazy because my wife told me stories after we started getting serious so i was ready, plus i dealt with my own mom growing up. Olga was in for a nasty surprise at my wife and i's wedding when she realized i knew everything about her and we wouldn't tolerate any of her shit. We only let her come around if she had good behavior for a certain amount of time. Of course she slowly got worse as we took away more and more of her privileges.
put the bitch in her place. let her know it's your home and she's a fourth class citizen.
haha my wife just kinda gives up on me if she asks if i wanna try something new from the grocery store for my lunches when i'm working. I look at her funny like "why would i try something new when what i've been eating suits me fine." she still thinks i'm a stubborn ass lol. Oh but i'm all for her trying out new meals for dinner.
yeah i can cook but one time i told my wife i'm a magician that'll make food appear. She looked at me and rolled her eyes as i called the pizza place. I didn't say i'd be cooking or how long it would take.
haha. my wife was horrified when my old room mate and i told her we lived off kraft dinner (mac and cheese in a box), bacon and eggs for the first six months or so we were in college.
fuck 'em. they wanna come to our planet? they can take her with them.
exactly.
yeah fuck her. she's an entitled bitch and i'm glad you and your fiance have some spiny shines. keep it up. congrats on the baby btw.
does Pavlov not know what the nazi's did? Or does she just think history should be rug swept.
god, olga would probably reign supreme on that. "what do you mean by spicing my food?"
damn. queen victoria of all people.
all efforts to grey rock my dogs have ended in failure.
that's pretty hilarious she was willing to pay you over some stupid thank you cards. My wife and I are the same way with dealing with our respectives families but we don't send out thank you cards. Thankfully everyone in our families think they're silly or has the sense not to throw a hissy fit over something so silly.
fuck that. your husband chose you and that's all that matters. your MIL can either fall in line or pound sand. It hardly matters what she thinks though. You and your husband are your own family unit now and your MIL is just bitter she's been reduced to a minor, unimportant character.
my wife likes to say "not my soup. not my problem."
yes. yes their lives are that meaningless. Don't you know? being a grandma is what defines them as people and how dare we deny them that. /s
stupid is as stupid does i guess. fuck 'em both. you could enlighten the FM to those secrets though.
jesus christ that's insane. i mean i can understand hating your past self and wanting to forget it but to do that to make people think your DIL is jealous of you? Too bad you can't get proof even just to show that you aren't crazy.
fuck her. i'd tell her she isn't visiting at all. if you have a better option for someone watching your first born. hell, pay a friend if need be but your mom needs to realize she isn't entitled to anything regarding YOUR family.
if she says she wants to stay be like "what is this want crap?" it's not about her.
remind him that he has a wife. he doesn't need his mommy anymore (put it in nicer terms if need be) he's essentially asking you to let him choose his mom over you.
damn. yeah that makes it hard. this is hopefully a temporary thing though and once you're financially independent you won't need to worry about her holding that over you and that's something you can look forward to.
fuck that. she's delusional if she thinks she deserves a picture every day.
Which is a better card between these two? SLI possibly but i'll be running three monitors https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/B077XFDLQ1/ref=ox_sc_sfl_title_1?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&amp;smid=A1YLF9PNL58K12 https://www.memoryexpress.com/Products/MX63320 and will I have issues putting them in m sabretooth Z 170 S
i'm mostly getting two for multiple monitors
neither could the dildo lol
not only don't give an inch but start taking inches. put her in her place and make sure she knows you're the parents.
fuck her. don't let her see your daughter.
"actually mom i did the math. you're 80. time to go into a home."
hate to say it but she deserves everything she gets. she's an evil bitch and it's about time she got some back. ten fold. His dad should just tell the truth though.
a JNMIL story annual awards thing could be cool. darwin award. the cray cray among cray award. most BEC moment. Defies logic award.
can you report the pain support people for unprofessional behavior? Or is it a group like AA
hopefully someone breaks MIL's arms.
i always called Olga out every time i could. Or my wife did. don't let her get away with anything.
congrats bippy! i know you'll be a great mod. you've helped make the discord section as good as it is.
wouldn't it be funny if that's why they stopped flogging.
lmfao! it's great when karma comes back.
i just realized it was you that posted, haha.
nah even then but i can see your point.
wife says she always liked sailor mars the most.
i'm so glad my two daughters are only 7 and just over a month old respectively. still have plenty of time before we deal with all that.
exactly. my two older kids (10 and 7) play with my sons star wars lego sets even though my daughter isn't into star wars like my son is. they have non-star wars lego too. our younger son is 3 and loves his duplo lol.
this. my wife and i have two boys and two girls as well. we've found toy soldiers invading my daughters doll house lol.
tell your FH you're marrying him not his mommy. she can pound sand.
lol exactly!
i'm not sure how to deal with this. for my wife and i our respective parents divorced when we were pretty young so for me it was easy to have a contact with my dad without having to even talk to my mom at all. Same deal with my wife.
give nonapologies of your own. "i'm sorry you're incompetent." or "i'm sorry you suck at apologizing."
if you're feeling snarky, remind MIL that she is obsolete. young people are always more important than old people and she should remember that.
what's lava soap?
exactly. if it isn't a hearing problem then it's likely another organ. the one between her ears.
huh. i should try that. i work in construction and it takes awhile for the dirt and stuff to come off of my hands.
so just be careful with using it. might try this out.
i remember pci but never used it for GPU's, even when i built my first PC i had a PCI-E slot for my 9600 GT. I did have DDR2 ram though.
also, i'm going for a three monitor set up and one 1070 still only has two HDMI ports.
until PC hardware stops shipping with dvds for drivers and such i'm gonna continue putting a dvd drive in. mainly talking about mobos. If/when they do i could replace the dvd drive with an SD card reader or something.
my cases generally last a long time so i've only had 3 or 4 cases for my builds over the past ten or so years.
human rights. stop with your do not preorder bs.
me and my younger brother and two friends would each take a fort and fortify it with banana peels and such. then we'd try to invade one anothers fort.
see i can agree with that. you do you. but some people act like preordering games is like committing war crimes.
lol. professional gamers... you're a funny guy.
jesus fucking christ. i think if Olga did something like this to mine and my wife's kitchen. my wife would shoot her.
i would've snapped Olga's fucking neck if she did that.
if zombies eat my MIL i'll thank them. Unfortunately zombies only go for brains iirc.
wtf. how did you not leave your SO for that and how/when did he finally get a spine. if it had been me in your shoes i would've dumped his ass. As for your MIL. i'd love to tear her to shreds.
so wait. your mom would take her and your dads money out of the one place it was definitely safe? does she not trust banks?
i would've replied "buy some no more tears shampoo. it'll sort you out."
should tell your husband his moms basically a pedophile. she cat calls an 8yo.
i mean i'd gladly bang my wife in the frozen food section.
haha!
oh thank god.
maybe there's a train that takes these JNMIL's to Hell. Meanwhile hitloria is driving beside said train.
lol! she actually did have an obsession with game shows. mainly wheel of fortune and the price is right. if i ran a game show for her though i'd let her win and the prize behind the door would be either nothing or more haribo hell bears.
lol dumber than after her geography lesson?
gotta catch 'em all.
and some people even get pissed off about the pay2win and microtransactions.
so not only is she racist but she's shitty at drawing too.
with her attitude i'd be leaving her in a home.
would you say it has as many holes as that house?
it'd be nice if they had just killed that kid.
yeah this is cringy as fuck. op's a petty, crazy bitch.
jesus fucking christ. this sounds like it could be a movie plot. imagine if it was his wife that set up the phantom debt all along.
that and he's so desperate to get into felicia day's pants he white knights for her.
that could've been a good game if it wasn't a sonic game.
so does this mean i could get more for my 1050 ti if i sell it?
yeah that's my issue with logitech. most of their good mice are too small for my hand. i love their other stuff though and i did find one mouse that's big enough.
turn based rpgs are pretty outdated now unfortunately. yeah there's still quite a few on PC but not so much on console
you guys bitched about a remake for years. you don't also get to choose what type of remake you get.
don't tell others how to spend THEIR money.
Kinda glad they're butchering it anyway. FF7 was so overrated. 6 and 9 were way better. AERIS died like a bitch. bitch on a stick.
thankfully my wife is a gamer but i'm not into MMORPG's. She is. we play other games though together. Our older two kids play games with us too.
i only saw 3 games listed. no images but i'm on my tablet. i'll recheck on my pc and let you know.
other than those i mean. JRPG's aren't as popular as they used to be (notice we had tons on the snes and PS1?) western rpgs are still popular but i can't think of many on console that are turn based.
maybe outdated is sort of the wrong word but they're way more of a niche now than when i was a kid (snes and ps1 era) FFX was the last real good FF game for me other than XI (the first mmorpg one)
wasn't really for me. i liked the turn based ones more.
minding your own business is also a responsibility.
i actually forgot about that game.
never really interested me.
/r/gamersrevenge this is hilarious and definitely belongs there.
i went with an i7 7700k
i used to fly in a fucked up way as a kid. I'd be spinning in the air but could still move back and forth.
if you time it right you can keep going until you clear the level.
canada too.
this. they don't usually think of cause and effect.
lmfao! this is hilarious. maybe that'll teach that guy not to be a moron.
imagine that. some people have food preferences that are different from yours. you having this dumbass, snobby opinion should be a war crime.
Ms B should've been killed.
and also the fact that America could easily outproduce japan once it got going.
yeah there was that one carrier (ark royal maybe) that was sunk due to a lack of other ships covering it.
Hitler declaring war on America. He actually didn't have to do that.
i was able to get my two 1070 ti's online from memory express for a decent price. Not sure if there's not as many people mining here in Canada or i just got lucky.
it's the same thing with scalpers. a lot of retailers have a one per customer policy. only difference is miners are using them instead of hoarding them to sell at stupidly higher prices.
I've heard digital storm is pretty good.
i guess technically yes but the devs are sell outs /s
he got a CD-i and an atari jaguar. both filled with literal crap.
i'd rather support EA than some cocky, indie fag like phail fish.
this is why future trunks is awesome. it takes him one episode each to kill frieza and king cold and then a third to kill both future androids and cell. the other characters fuck around a lot.
if you found a game on either of those systems you enjoyed well good for you. i never even knew anyone at my school that had either.
wolfenstein yes. on PC. trying to remember if i played tempest 2000.
"you dont deserve nice things because you aren't a nice thing, MIL."
no. how much?
i bought my two 1070 ti's from memory express a couple weeks ago.
this. i bought two 1070 ti's because i'm running three monitors and i like how having two looks. people bitched that SLI isn't efficient and it's like imagine that. some people don't care about maximum efficiency. why even have multiple pci-e slots then
yeah predators like to go for easy prey if they can. an injured predator is a soon dead predator.
just a model i think.
/r/gamersrevenge
fuck that OS
i bought two 1070 ti's
don't beat yourself up about that thought. some people need to be dead. she's a piece of shit and yea, it sucks your granny died instead of bar villa.
what? no. demons can't be shot.
i thought the 1911 was better for concealed carry due to the single stack magazine.
my mom tried pulling that "i'm your mother." bs on me and i was like. "i didn't ask to be born so i don't owe you shit." she didn't know what to say other than rage.
hey man, i'm here if you wanna talk. i know exactly what you're going through. my ex and her mom were the same way (we didn't get married though) and thankfully my wife is an amazing person. i'm sure you're still hurting and i just want you to know. you're not alone here.
i'd be okay with BF2 if the microtransactions made you win. i didn't buy the game to lose.
i see you're retarded.
holy shit. finally a game that's just a straight up side scrolling dbz fighting game. i loved budokai 3 but i hated all that ridiculous, gimmicky, 3D in the later games.
A-well-a ev'rybody's heard about the bird B-b-b-bird, b-birdd's a word A-well, a bird, bird, bird, bird is a word A-well, a bird, bird, bird, well-a bird is a word A-well, a bird, bird, bird, b-bird's a word A-well, a bird, bird, bird, well-a bird is a word A-well, a bird, bird, b-bird is a word A-well, a bird, bird, bird, b-bird's a word A-well, a bird, bird, bird, well-a bird is a word A-well, a bird, bird, b-bird's a word A-well-a don't you know about the bird? Well, everybody knows that the bird is a word A-well-a-bird, bird, b-bird's a word, a-well-a A-well-a everybody's heard about the bird Bird, bird, bird, b-bird's a word A-well, a bird, bird, bird, b-bird's a word A-well, a bird, bird, bird, b-bird's a word
no i didn't know about that. i don't use social media much.
i mostly only buy things online from amazon. Not sure if those can be bought or not.
you don't know the full story and yes. the fact that someone is willing to misuse a law (GPR are meant to be used when a couple is divorced and one parent is keeping the kids from seeing their grandparents and/or in cases of abuse) to see their grandchildren makes me think they don't really want to see them for the sake of seeing them. It's all about control. they're both pretty toxic and i refuse to subject my kids to that (plus the fact i'm an adult and my mom liked to think she could make surprise visits to my house whenever she wanted) I'm also not gonna let my mom use my kids as accessories to brag to her little friends about i didn't ask to be born so frankly i don't owe her shit.
i feel like if they ever made animal crossing VR they'd have mr. resetti beat you with a shovel.
degaulle should've been shot. fucking french.
do you hate people with nicer cars and houses than you too?
it's more like pseudo-biology. these are the kind of retards that still believe in eugenics.
i get the feeling this idiot doesn't have money to begin with. mommy likely buys things for him. "mom buy me a woman!" "i told you. you can't just buy a woman." "chad can! he doesn't even need money."
being a normie is a good thing you dumbass. now go play in traffic. final fantasy is also too good for you.
lmfao! shortest death march ever. "my feet are sore." "i'm hungry." "you guys aren't getting this whole death march thing." "i'm tired." "i pooped myself." "i can't get laid." "fuck this..." click.
i was expecting that cat to knock the whole thing over.
but they don't have the right. say i was a 4. i could acceptably go for a 3, 4 or 5. maybe a 6. but to try going for a 7, 8 or 9? unless THEY approach you first, leave them be. 10's and 1's don't really exist. nobody is that perfect or awful respectively.
honestly, if someone approaches me and doesn't get i don't want to talk to them i'll tell them to fuck off. guy or girl.
are you retarded? or just stupid.
taste is subjective. people like what they like. who are you to say otherwise?
i miss when comic books were only liked by those dorky, weird kids with no friends. superheroes are dorky, unrealistic, so goody two shoes you wanna puke.
i feel like that'll be their new threat. "better not piss me off or i'll van ram you."
one of them needs to be able to claim top victim /s
jack shit we can do about it? it's called slaughtering incels like animals bud.
no, because, run, on, sentences, convey, how, they, think. they, constantly, go, off, on, tangents.
lmfao! i actually rewatched that movie awhile ago with my wife.
yeah, that's the thing. it's too hard to say.
well yea. they used you and now they're more accepted than they once were you aren't needed anymore. you were a political tool. sucks don't it. you asked what their expected outcome is. Acceptance. But only for them and only on their terms. Either that or they hate themselves so much that they want to destroy their own movement by corrupting it.
exactly. you want a movement to fail? make sure only the loudest are heard. the loudest are generally the nuttiest.
probably human /s
go go gadget dildo. go go gadget vibrator. go go gadget butt plug.
stop trying to cover your own ass.
but you can kill them.
"i'm not like other girls." proceeds to give the crazy eye.
you can't completely control your emotions no but you can learn from them and control them instead of them controlling you. once you understand why something causes you a certain emotion (whether it's anger, sadness or simply being offended) you can work towards it having no power over you.
every single guy should just refuse to even speak to women for a week or two. act like they're not even there. the me too idiots will get exactly what they want and hate themselves for it.
but you can blame a person for trying. how dare men and women even talk to one another. /s
i'm not saying completely suppress them (it likely isn't possible anyway). here's an example. my younger brother and i used to annoy the piss out of one another as kids and a few things he did really set me off. i learned how to stop reacting to him and he got frustrated but after a few times he realized he couldn't push my buttons anymore. eventually we both grew up and stopped even trying to push one anothers buttons.
sorta like peggy hills hoyeah
120 years: you just lost the game. God fucking damnit!
HA!
because that'd be too easy and logical. we should honestly kill the idiots that make this shit.
my wife has all three of these. whoever made this needs to be murdered.
i listen to a lot of different types of metal and the nice thing about having such a wide variety is that i can find something to fit my current mood. if i'm playing a fast paced game i'll put on some thrash metal. if i'm wanting to feel inspired (writing or something) or just relax i'll put some melodic death metal or progressive metal on. if i'm driving i'll usually put on some power metal. those are just examples and i generally just choose something to fit my mood.
but why do we need reviews at all? other than for technical stuff like "this games controls are bad because of X reason."
can we hunt incels safari style?
no because incels think if you're strong you must be dumb. if they knew the truth, that "chads" can be strong AND smart they'd either deny it or there would be mass suicides amongst incels because they'd know they're an evolutionary dead end.
i mean, he is ugly as fuck. put a shirt you little goof. stop dying your hair too. you look like a clown. his grandpa should take him out back and shoot him.
totally. rad. cowabunga. tubular.
no because lotrs has multiple main characters. you could argue Aragorn is the alpha.
the guy who basically lived among wolves?
i hunt on occasion but i still buy steak and stuff from the grocery store and yeah, factory farming just seems dumb to me. you can raise livestock intended for food humanely. i wouldn't eat a dog or a cat personally because i don't imagine them tasting as good as say deer, cow, rabbit, chicken, etc. Plus they don't have as much meat on them.
too bad some invasive species aren't edible.
interesting. thanks for the info.
what if chads the one who ends up spit roasted.
just don't go then.
now i just imagine all these tacticool dicks lmfao!
yeah incels really hate IT. "fix my computer reeeeee!"
or you could just not be biased?
here's a question. what have you done to deserve a woman?
trent reznor (NIN), anthrax, death angel. metals just better in general imo because it's more of a focus on the music than gimmicky bullshit.
true enough. thanks.
i hope that npc becomes noncanon.
nah. skyrim: tiger electronic edition
i honestly laughed because my friend and i used to argue over which is better. starcraft or C&amp;C. i was like "so how about that new command &amp; conquer game?" he just sighed and shook his head, cursed EA.
nintendo always has good shit, square too. hell, even ubisoft usually has decent showings. they always seem to start with the two cringiest first. EA and microsoft.
uh i do. /s
halo fidget spinner.
pay2win as an art form.
wing dings or gtfo. it's a font AND a form of code.
you're just mad because trebuchet font can hurl 90 kg characters at your font.
nixon right?
i doubt they care you're judging them.
it was way better than EA's (not that that's saying much) and it's been better than the last few they've had. still too early to say microsoft won E3 though. that talk about gaming being inclusive and shit was cringy though. bitch i don't want inclusion.
lol
nah i'm pretty sure it was that Teddy guy. No wait. he was a bear duh. k it has to be Lincoln
yea it was. better than the last couple they've had.
I actually liked square-enix's. they showed games instead of having gimmicky shit. it was too short though.
not sure why Microsoft revealing KH3
i'm a vegan. i just shoot animals for fun. bears, wolverines, mongoose, kangaroos, sharks, whales, squirrels, big foot, hippos, beavers, deer, moose, fish, birds that fly, birds that don't fly, buffalo. kill 'em all. but i'm still vegan guys. i don't eat meat.
too bad OP's an incel that can't get laid so he has to attack other guys that can and do.
no.
no farm sim 2019 :(
thats why i love private servers. i can setup a server, lock it so my friends and i can play how we want with no random idiots coming in and ruining things. when i still had my dayz mod server there were about 20-30 of us. we moved to overpoch once that got popular. i put various castles around the map for people to claim and people would build them up after farming or buying materials and we'd do AI missions or have large scale battles. we eventually moved on but for four years it was great.
twilight princess was actually my favorite.
one time is all it takes. maybe samus's parents were war criminals that helped exterminate ridley's race and ridley spent his life hunting them down. his people cried out for vengeance and he would avenge his people. Or die trying.
i loved that scene but i always found it dumb how the ghost was kind of a wimp. battle hardened, psionic covert operative and he looks ready to shit himself. the marines seemed way more bad ass.
the ones that killed arcturus's parents? kerrigan being one of them.
excuse me? atari jaguar controller or gtfo.
no. if they insult you they're just willing to play "dirty". fair is for losers. i'd rather win.
everyone i know fucking hates him. myself included. i'm canadian.
have you actually done anything to make america good? no? then shut the fuck up. you just happened to be born in america. your country might be great but you? just some nobody i've never even heard of.
not american (canadian) but my college room mate and i each put in 150 bucks for groceries every month. if we wanted extra stuff we bought it ourselves.
one tried skinny shaming my wife. "go eat a burger skinny bitch hurdurdur." i replied "how can we when you're eating them all fat ass? curves don't mean rolls." it was ironic like she thought she could skinny shame but if you fire back you're like a war criminal to them.
reminds me of that movie little rascals.
depends on the marines. i know in the novels raynor, mengsk and others were the normal, typical marines. those guys are generally pretty skilled. then you have the "resoc'd" or resocialized marines that are basically near mindless drones. they can shoot well enough but forget trying to use any complex tactics with them under your command. i'm leaning towards those marines on the Amerigo being the normal type because they seemed to have more of a personality than a resoc'd. but who knows. for those interested I suggest reading the starcraft 2 novel Heaven's Devils and I,Mengsk.
you're an idiot. op likely purposely changed the numbers to protect their privacy.
pretty much. i've never actually heard of this happening but i've heard of hobos making snide remarks like "oh look at you with your job. must be nice."
I know you weren't being serious, haha.
and this why you don't do drugs while kevining.
lol damn. your younger kid was playing the long game.
then you have bigger problems.
better than paying women to break his arms i guess.
reminds me of when my older son and his sister were arguing at breakfast time (they were 8 and 5 iirc) his sister decided to start tossing food at him and he tells her twice to stop. of course she does so he dumps the maple syrup over her head. of course she screamed and both of them got a talking to after my wife and i cleaned them up. my daughter never threw food at her brother again though.
definitely....pissing above his weight class.
i hate everything about japan. japan should've been nuked a few more times for the war crimes they committed. am i a weeb?
You should be. Not using proper grammar is almost as bad as being a weeaboo.
definitely a weeb car. if he has a probrem with that he can do commit sudoku.
i think i'd purposely crash that car. or sell it for scrap then film it being crushed and let all the weebs watch it.
if weeaboos want to crash airplanes into the ocean i say let them. lets be real. none of those retards could ever hit a ship.
they'd die. they'd die. they'd die. they'd really fucking die. either a japanese soldier would kill them. they'd have a heart attack seeing tokyo fire bombed or they'd be in hiroshima at the wrong time.
even when Rome fell we lost a lot of stuff and wars have been the cause of priceless artifacts and documents being destroyed. iirc it was quite the blow when the library of alexandria was destroyed.
iirc the mercenaries at crecy weren't very effective because it had rained and you can't unstring a crossbow so the string got wet. crossbow was useless.
I know it wasn't banned but I think they tried?
the fact he could essentially see the future (depending how good his knowledge of history is) he'd either be very beneficial or he'd end up being accused of witchcraft and killed. he could do any number of things. he could help the english win the hundred years war for instance. "make sure you kill joan of arc because she becomes a real pain in the ass later."
holy shit that is awesome!
then that's a problem.
this. who is anyone to have absolute freedom? there has to be limits.
stereotypes make the world go round. you just hate that because you can't adapt. you should be more concerned with what is than what it should be (to you)
sonic's a douchebag anyway. i'm so glad the later sonic games have been so terrible. it keeps the fans humble.
because it couldn't be you that's the issue right? we should make the internet sentient one day and let it judge what goes onto it. you have the right to speak. you don't have the right to be heard.
depends on the troll. people trolling scam artists (like the ones pretending to be microsoft) maybe leafy isn't a troll per say but he needs to be killed. he's a bully plain and simple and he should be punished for it. on the other hand, i love trolling in LoL.
it's like the ultimate form of rape. "I have no holes you want to fuck." "fine. i'll make my own." shoot someone in the chest. "and by fuck I mean fuck up."
because they literally JUST did. rights are taken, not given. i'm TAKING the right to tell you to shut the fuck up. saying "what gives you the right?" or a variation of doesn't actually mean anything. it has no physical way to protect you so saying things like that is just silly.
fuck immersion. I like knowing i'm watching a movie.
yeah I don't know why you're being downvoted.
just don't even wear socks at all. or shoes. or a shirt. hell, just go naked.
well steve jobs is dead so I don't see his new business doing so well.
oh lol.
as horrible as incels are they need to keep acting the way they do so they keep setting themselves and their "movement" back.
me too. i wanna see an incel be used as a human shield. maybe he gets shot by a woman.
HA! i love breaking benjamin.
true. too bad they won't see it that way. in that regard they're failures.
agreed.
hell yeah.
i love dark chocolate. but then again i also like dark roast coffee.
they should also allow any immigrant to enter their home without needing to ask for permission and never have to leave. see how much they love rampant immigration then. Yes some immigration is good but there has to be a limit. we might as well not even bother having other countries otherwise.
then we should get it done quicker. fuck letting these idiots sit on death row for years. i say a year or two max just to make sure they're actually guilty.
firing squads aren't humane for the people carrying them out though. do you know why the nazis switched from using death squads to kill undesirables to zyklon B (eventually) ? because even the guys in the death squads could only shoot so many people before they couldn't mentally handle it anymore and the amount of people the nazis wanted to exterminate was huge. if you're gonna bring back firing squads have a machine do it.
not worse than the twitards.
I remember watching dogfights on history channel and seeing the episode of him and his squadron doing operation bolo. I bet robin olds hated gatekeepers though.
yeah i remember that too.
interesting.
then why do we even allow publicly traded companies? why not just make every company private?
only if the government allows it. i hope they don't.
not as cringe as you saying cringe. it's a cop out term.
he is. he has no shame
how about not advertising your shitty youtube channel.
greek fire? i'm pretty sure we still don't know how it was made exactly.
lol! i'm glad my wife and i aren't the only ones.
LOL what?! some of these are ridiculous. sure some like alcohol abuse i can see as a bad thing but if your girlfriend reads erotica so fucking what.
"ohhhh i always wanted to be a degenerate. now come here and give me a hug sonny."
everyone should be allowed to have standards. the difference is incel standards are completely unrealistic. they want the perfect woman but even if the perfect woman existed why would she ever date a dirty incel?
they can date each other. then they wouldn't be incels.
NA has moose too
yeah that is confusing. why did they do that?
will I have to make new worlds then?
haha oh i'm working on more don't worry.
lol! asking the real questions
god i hate that quote. everyone who says that makes me think "your best isn't much different from your worst."
for voice? teamspeak. i've had a server for the past five years and it still sounds better than discord does.
why exactly do we even allow bethesda to still make their own games if they keep releasing games that are buggy as hell? if you need the mod community to fix your game from a technical standpoint you quite frankly. have no right making games.
he isn't the only main character though. yea some people might hate luke for the same reasons but maybe they love han, leia, chewbacca, etc.
i think the christian bale batman movies are an exception but yea most are pretty boring.
but conservatives are right. bdummm tssss. nah but seriously i agree.
most likely Brennan handles the science end too.
yeah the writers strike fucked up a lot of shows. funny how it was season 3 for a lot too. house, bones, supernatural, criminal minds, the unit.
i really hated Pelant. they made him better than he ever should've realistically been. didn't he kill a guy that was in the military (special forces?) there's no way some guy like pelant kills someone like that without any military training himself. I can accept Brennan know martial arts and kicking ass on occasion but it seems like she gets the drop on them while they're distracted. They just made Pelant too skilled for no reason imo. If pelant had hired his muscle sure.
yeah he didn't take long to grow on me either. my wife loved sweets and hated that he died but she always liked aubrey too.
nice fallacy. what a lazy way to argue.
here in canada it's 19 except where i live. it's 18. it's ridiculous to have the drinking age at 21.
how exactly is he a prick? because he doesn't wanna go to america? the greatest country ever hurdurdur.
i'm not opposed to this post. i'm just giving my opinion.
the solution to inceldom would be for the incels to date and have sex with each other. femcels are a thing.
that would make sense.
make sure the motherboard power and cpu power cables are plugged in all the way.
when i was a kid we used faggot as an insult but to us it was like calling someone a douche or retard.
yeah it was never meant as homophobic thing for us.
agreed
says the faggot using xd. i don't need to win an argument if i kill you.
git gud then.
I got a need... A need to read. HIIIIGHWAAAAY TO THE DANGER ZONE!
/r/nocontext
pools closed
i consider the gamecube, ps2 and xbox to be classic now.
5/7
not the gba version. fuck that game and its shitty platforming.
people who only date within their own race do so because they have more in common with them, whether it's culture wise or whatever.
lol I thought you meant your grandparents up and died. "bastards just did the same thing to me! they even bragged about it on facebook!"
or just stab your boyfriend before you have to go to thanksgiving dinner. /s
lmfao!
best Mario kart imo was super circuit
that's a cop out. if something can't stand up to being over-analyzed that's not our fault.
lol wtf
lol! make an LJN classic category
vol 3 mask looked awesome when he had long hair
forget pushing your religion on others. batter them with it.
I remember some baseball game where you could hit players with the ball and take them out of the game because they were injured. did that so many times a team was forced to forfeit.
in my case it'd be like "you kill anything that looks like it belongs in a salad!" die plantoids!
i'd still pirate from an indie dev before I pirated from AAA devs because pirating from an indie dev has real consequences and can actually hurt them. some indie devs deserve to be bought by EA and be destroyed.
worth it lol
? I don't understand.
because we can. I judge you, you judge me. that's called equal opportunity.
it's not about you at all. with your attitude the game industry needs to be ruined. just to piss you off.
why does it look like a car that hasn't rendered yet?
agreed.
this. you want a way more accurate shooter? play arma. lots of people do like arma but lots of people hate it because it's too realistic. note: the stamina system is hilariously bad. you're supposed to be a soldier yet you have the stamina of a chain smoker out on a run.
lol the great thing is things called guns exist. guns make people smaller and weaker than you equal. I don't need to fight you. I can just shoot you in the dick and be done with it.
I dunno about you but I've never seen a sink low enough I could pee in. i'm not short by any means (6'2" )
here they're generally stomach height.
I actually enjoyed how pissed off people got over the tripping mechanic. if that makes you mad you take yourself and games too seriously.
give her a boss babe journey to hell.
wouldn't that be above that threshold? buffalo bill murder mcmurder is already pretty bottom of the barrel.
i'd say religion should fuck off first. why does religion get a near monopoly on marriage for anyone but religious folks?
because some people can't get over themselves and realize that unless it's a documentary movies don't need to be deep, thought provoking pieces.
i'd say it should be banned not because it's rapey (it isn't) it should be banned because it's a terrible song that just sounds forced and doesn't seem to flow naturally. I can see other Christmas music being timeless. Baby it's cold outside, not so much.
because suddenly we're trying to hold these people to modern, 21st century standards.
like the board game? Crossfire!
haha for all we know 31st century standards will be worse than 21st!
Have you heard about the tragedy of darth Pikachu a.k. a. the maker of electricity?﻿ I thought not. It's not a story the pokemon trainers would tell you. It's a pokemon legend. Darth Pikachu the Electric was a pokemon so strong and high-level that he could influence the weather to create lightning storms. He had such a knowledge of electricity that he could protect others from it. High levels are a path to abilities some would consider... unnatural. He became so powerful, the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he trusted a human with everything he knew, and then this human caught him while he was paralysed. Ironic. He could save others from lightning, but not himself.﻿
ironically if it wasn't for the internet those 14 year old kids probably wouldn't even know about 70's or 80's music on their own. unless their parents were into that music.
sure but if they try to be arrogant with their opportunity they should be humbled a bit. the music they happened to find on the internet doesn't make them any better than anyone else.
honestly. every baby boomer should be killed for what they've done to the economy and shit.
terminator? not really.
that girl should be fucking shot.
get over yourself. people can like what they like and you don't get to gate keep because you think you're the sole expert on coffee.
from a practical, realistic stand point it's true. do we complain about the roman empire taking land? do we complain about the Aztecs conquering quite a bit of central America? wars happen. people die. get over it.
do we actually have evidence that it isn't painless though? yea there have been accounts of the head still moving up to a few mins after death but is that conscious thought or a bodily reflex?
nah, if you're a holocaust denier, you cease to be human to me.
agreed and it DEFINITELY shouldn't be about the brides parents. so many stories of the mother of the bride or groom hijacking the wedding.
media are fucking vultures
for all we know they'll think we're too soft
lol
lol! fuck you Alison.
it's creepy as fuck and borderline incestuous. when my daughters are old enough to date and especially when they're adults i'll trust them to make their own decisions.
that isn't you not being able to read them. that's you not being able to SEE them.
don't wanna be kink shamed? get better kinks.
lol! "Anakin the CSA is evil!" "In my opinion the farmers are evil!" "well then you are lost!"
YOU might be mad at Bethesda but you don't speak for anyone but yourself.
they're only atrocities if you end up losing the war.
and captain crunch is like shrapnel in your mouth.
lol. such an accurate analogy.
I built my first pc in my early 20's (i'm 32) and near tool-free cases were just starting to become the standard. among other conveniences. my dad let me take apart one of the old PC's we had laying around and Jesus H Christ I'm glad I didn't try building a pc in the 90's. thank god for SATA thank god case manufacturers make a hole behind the motherboard tray for an aftermarket cpu cooler I wouldn't say hot swap bays are essential but they're definitely handy. thank god cable management options are a hell of a lot better.
this and when you have weird ram sticks that have sharp edges it's a bit of a pain in the ass. the last ram chips I had were corsair and had these pointy cooling fins
every manual I've had for PC parts has been helpful as fuck. clear instructions, good diagrams.
your city could use a good alien invasion lol
quick time event. if you're gonna have cutscenes then have them and let me watch them and enjoy a short (or long in the metal gear games case) break. i'm not getting paid to play games. I shouldn't have to pay attention and wait around wondering if there will be a QTE or not.
but the problem is them being used well if a bit of a rarity. it's a lot more common that they're overused and unnecessarily tedious.
it's just like heaven and hell. people WANT there to be justice in the world in the form of a higher power and/or karma. what if we found out hitler went to heaven? As an example.
my favorite retort to that is. "I don't need to prove anything." they're try hards that are just trying to make themselves look good for the camera.
at least not playing CoD is smarter than playing it. you're basically sucking activisions dick every time you start the game.
reminds me of this video on youtube of this kid caught snooping before Christmas. he wakes up expecting the xbox and the box is full of clothes or something. he starts crying but holy shit it blew WAY out of proportion. the kid did get the xbox after iirc but people were acting like his mom killed someone. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhO-OE931D4
ah zebras. they're like four legged geese.
I thought you were stuttering for a moment before I realized what you meant. damnit coffee do your job.
A pretty weak government allowed extremists to take power and it's happened before. the ineffectiveness of the assembly (france) allowed Napoleon to take power. the Nazis made similar promises that Lenin made during the Russian revolution, albeit different words &amp; circumstances. Lenin: peace, land and bread. Hitler: undo the wrongs of the Versailles treaty. Also. Hitler and a lot of the German military felt stabbed in the back at the end of WWI since the government had surrendered but the military didn't really feel they had been beaten. they felt they had been stabbed in the back by the government, the Jews and the communists. This was actually why the allies wanted unconditional surrender in WWII. So Germany couldn't keep subscribing to that myth. interesting fact: As the Kaiser had been forced to abdicate and the military relinquished executive power, it was the temporary "civilian government" that sued for peace—the signature on the armistice document was of Matthias Erzberger, a civilian, who was later murdered for his alleged treason.
there's stupid genre names in every type of media. music (don't get me started on how many genres of metal there are. post metal? really?) even movies have some ridiculous subgenres. there's "epic film" as a genre. Epic films are a style of filmmaking with large scale, sweeping scope, and spectacle.
might as well kill every boy just to be sure /s
this kills the heart.
yeah but it makes no sense name wise. post punk came along after punk died. post grunge came along after grunge had mostly died. metal never really died. it's gone through different phases but it's never really died.
shouldn't have hit them with his sword.
your cats just learning how to make a good spread sheet
but Mario has a long, respectable history.
and sega got exactly what they deserved eventually. Nintendo was there first and they revived the console industry. the sega dreamcrashed and they're mostly a joke now. especially that dick head sonic. sure sega owns some cool franchises (company of heroes and homeworld among others) but they'll never be as big as they were.
stop being so sensitive /s
how the fuck do you even get a drink underwater anyway.
they're cowards that have to hide behind their butt buddies and/or guns. catch them alone and they're not so eager to die.
this is why bullies should be treated like war criminals.
got my brand new n64 for Christmas. graphics are amazing.
puts a whole new meaning to liar liar pants on fire
he's actually serious. this ass-hat got banned from unpopularopinion for wanting straight people to be enslaved to serve the LBQT community then killed when they served their purpose. repeated death threats, doxxing and other vile shit.
lol!
also, didn't the Aztecs use obsidian blades? which yea is sharp as hell, it's also brittle as hell and you're not cutting through steel with obsidian.
there's plenty of new games. hell, there's plenty of games that should be remade but aren't.
then what's the point of growing up in the early 2000's? /s
lol.
this. the jen incident is infamous at this point.
until Jim steals his identity. or something.
50/50 chance of panic attack.
all you gotta do is jump in the water and they'll do the hard work themselves.
lol oh man, I remember my brother and I took a few spills like that while skating.
what do you mean people look different as they get older. /s
so it got jealous and stopped working? you need to tell your RAM it's time to see other people. but do so gently. tell them they'll be going into an older rig and they'll have a great life as part of your media server or something.
lol
you dance while you kiss? lol
law of averages.
slightly related but there was a soviet officer that sold secrets to America and essentially made them realize the missile gap wasn't quite as big as people thought and the soviets DEFINITELY weren't ahead in that regard. iirc he was eventually discovered and executed. but he helped avert the Cuban missile crisis.
if you have enough money to buy off governments you have too much money. if you make more money than 99% of the world you make too much money. besides, one day you'll realize you can't eat your money. I mean if there's quite literally a major famine.
this. if anything companies themselves (as entities) should have LESS rights than people do.
companies should be serving the government, not being able to circumvent it.
communism (I mean real communism.) would never work but ultra-capitalism isn't much better. it's just the complete opposite problem.
rule34
what I like to call the triad of gross is gore, vore and toiletplay
public companies sure but private ones?
lol yea vore wasn't something I needed to know about but do.
China's also a totalitarian government.
are you sure you're not confusing celebratory gun shots with gang violence? /s
I imagine it'd be difficult putting ravioli in your toaster.
probably the first one he derailed.
after they lost last year i'm glad they redeemed themselves
but how do we make Skynet then?
"I've seen hell and it's brown!"
tighten up your grouping
do you mean westminister district or the abbey? the abbey actually was bombed. On the outbreak of the second world war in 1939 many of the Abbey's treasures were evacuated for safety to country houses, such as Mentmore. other preparations were made Between 1940 and 1941, both Houses of Parliament were in fact convened at Church House in Westminster due to a fear that the Chambers might be bombed while the Houses were sitting. The Palace was damaged by air raids on fourteen different occasions during the war.
yea that was Denmark's Lebensborn program Germany set up. it's fucked up and apparently quite a few countries had their own version to varying degrees.
that's when you choke slam said "friend" into the table.
can we do the opposite and replace the antivaxxers with people qualified?
I hope to hell kevin doesn't get a sewing machine and throw it out after.
these are also the same idiots who fall for scams. it's like a triangle of stupidity.
huh. i'm Canadian and I've never seen this before.
lol no. I had a stove that was analog and had both Fahrenheit and Celsius marked.
username definitely checks out.
ah the old woosheroo
ploughing her with what, a backhoe? or is she the backhoe in this case.
a backhoe
I had one on my back when I was 11. the doctor froze it and then removed the skin tag.
yeah. every other stove I've seen and owned has been digital. oh and another point in digital stoves favor is they almost always have self clean. it's not as common to have that on an analog stove I don't think.
I mean, picatinny rails are almost like usb ports for guns lol
I forget who it was that said to the allies "next time you invade Italy don't start from the bottom."
as others have said the terrain in Rome wasn't good for the Phalanx and the Romans learned how to exploit its weaknesses. If a Phalanx is flanked they're basically screwed. Also, because the strength of a phalanx depended on the ability of the hoplites to maintain their frontline, it was crucial that a phalanx be able to quickly and efficiently replace fallen soldiers in the front ranks. If a phalanx failed to do this in a structured manner, the opposing phalanx would have an opportunity to breach the line which, many times, would lead to a quick defeat. This then implies that the hoplites ranks closer to the front must be mentally prepared to replace their fallen comrade and adapt to his new position without disrupting the structure of the frontline
related question but who was it that created a bunch of witch tests and he ended up being accused of witchcraft himself later on and one of his own tests was used on him.
I think a lot of people that accused others of witchcraft did so because either they had something the accuser wanted or they had some score to settle.
like you said. the soldiers in WW1 exchanging gifts and playing a game of soccer on Christmas sticks out the most to me in regards to your question. I've heard stories of the red baron being friendly with prisoners too.
yea that was operation mincemeat.
you have to keep in mind that bombs weren't very accurate in WWII. unless you're dive bombing which was the only real way to achieve any kind of accuracy and you can't do that in a heavy bomber.
images of the Abwehr as a veritable organ of resistance inside the heart of the Third Reich are not an accurate reflection across the spectrum of its entire operations or its personnel. There were some committed Nazis in its ranks. Before the invasion of Poland for instance, the Abwehr and SiPo jointly drew up a list of over sixty-thousand names, people who were to be the targets of Operation Tannenberg, an effort designed to systematically identify and liquidate the Polish elite.
no, that wasn't possible. dive bombers were great for taking out ships, armored formations, etc but there's a limit to how big of a bomb you can put on a dive bomber. that size of bomb isn't effective at taking out bigger targets. sure dive bombers were used against cities and stuff (in the invasion of Poland and other places) but that wasn't their main purpose.
haha that's exactly what commandos and resistance fighters did if they could. hell, even the Wehrmacht blew up bridges as they retreated from the allied advance. if you're interested in bombers and bombing you should read up on the dam busters raid. the british used a bouncing bomb to destroy a dam
yeah agreed. I can't imagine trying to invade Italy north to south.
as opposed to deactivated charcoal.
lol. I have my own skiing kevin story. for some reason this kevin decided to throw one of his ski poles off the chair lift not once, not twice but three times. each time he was told to go down and get it.
upvoted for minefield of rocks
lol and then some ass-hat on a hoverbike comes and blows you up.
lol yea i'm not sure wtf is with the cops in gta 5. In the older games they'd try to arrest you. In gta 5 they're like nah let's just shoot them.
chivalry comes to mind but in the case of the French at Agincourt only they seemed to play by those rules. Henry V knew he was outnumbered and only capture the most important nobles for ransom. at one point the French ended up attacking the English baggage train and the English had taken so many prisoners there was a real worry they could get free and attack the English. So Henry had them killed.
it's like the upgraded version of stealing candy from a baby.
Germany before WWII?
found the white knight and you calling us all cucks makes you sound like the real incel.
you're right. it does come off as SJWish. stop reading into shit.
yea that won't happen unfortunately. there's been a few attempts in the past but they never really get past the planning stage.
as insane as you putting women on pedestals, acting chivalrous and calling every guy that doesn't think like you an incel?
lmfao! he can break his own shit all he wants but keep him away from mine.
I don't think he's old enough to drive yet. /u/somewhereoutinspace is your kevin old enough to drive yet?
yea that would make sense but he could also just go to a higher end public school too. maybe he lives in a richer neighborhood.
LOL! hey let's make up all these rules to stop this inbreeding thing before it starts. But let's also completely sabotage our efforts by allowing rulers to get waivers.
Didn't unify England and France that's for sure lol
Yeah but some royal families managed to get around that headache by introducing succession laws.
I suppose it could've been worse. the person you poached could've been kevin.
lol mostly?
lol.
post millennial followed zoe quinn too when she drove that guy to suicide. she basically said shame to the PM for investigating my story and making me look bad.
lol sometimes? by the time I got internet thankfully DSL and cable came pretty shortly after so I only had to deal with "get off the internet I need to make a phone call." for a year.
you became a salem at home mom?
derp and jerk
I lost it at that too lol. it's so accurate.
have you watched that show on Netflix called pandemic?
hell, I quarantine myself from my wife and kids if I get sick (which is rare) my wife does the same thing. it's usually her and our daughter that gets sick.
didn't hitler put him and a bunch of other generals on "medical leave"? basically that being the excuse used for people he couldn't simply fire or get rid of.
i'm only a couple episodes in but it's good so far.
they call condoms erasers in the uk? must be confusing as hell for kids in school. teacher: did everyone bring their erasers? kid: my mom says you have to have me home by three but she bought me a whole box of erasers.
i'm curious. why did your mom refuse to tell you the rest? because you couldn't stop laughing? lol
lol! well that's one hell of an icebreaker. as the offspring would say. you're gonna go far kid.
yea I can see that. my mom always sent the other away when she was berating me or my younger brother.
I don't even know what the alternative to netscape was tbh.
in the case of starcraft it was more I had a pc slower than a Pentium.
oh definitely for free and I feel like old people are most guilty of this. some of them act like because they've spent so much money at say Costco in the past that they should be given things for free.
