Take this guy's post with a grain of salt. 18 days ago he posted an ["advice" article](https://www.reddit.com/r/Entrepreneur/comments/7jqhir/i_started_a_mini_startup_with_less_than_100_last/?st=jbwh4ar2&amp;sh=95a34207) about how to run a business, he'd been in business for 1 week, with what looked to be a massively flawed business model. So, as of right now, all this stuff he learned in 2017 is based on about a month's experience.
#OTPLIFE
Can you post a link to what you're referring to?
That was posted last week. It's not addressing anything other than the fact that rumors are being posted.
Owner Allen Porter plans to launch two brewpubs in early 2018. A BBQ and brewpub slated to open March in Dunwoody and a pizzeria and brewpub in Atlanta at 285 and Powers Ferry slated for a March opening. Each brewpub will operate a 5-barrel brewhouse and offer a rotating selection of beers including a NE-style and West Coast-style IPA, porter, stout, and seasonal selections. I asked him about the name and he said he'd already thought about The Porter when choosing, but Porter *is* his name, I woulnd't expect to see it change. He has talked with Nick at The Porter about it.
None. His family owns STATS. After the revamp there the beer is pretty good and the food is excellent, FWIW.
Yep, that was Hoplandia. Thanks again for the trade, that V.Fudge is awesome!
Issues getting label approval. Can you verify, /u/jpellett251?
Thanks, Stu, you're the best! xoxoxo
No Big Beer money or interests are involved with New Realm.
It seems like it's getting harder and harder to please people these days. I'm seeing more comments about beer lists for new breweries, festivals, etc. not being impressive enough, even when they are very solid lists. If all you care about is chasing whales or the latest craze, then a place like New Realm might not be for you. I sure hope that doesn't apply to the majority of people on r/ATLbeer. The CEO (Carey Falcone) lives in Atlanta, has for a while. Mitch Steele has a daughter in school back in CA but plans to relocate here once she graduates. The other partner lives in NC IIRC. They looked at several locations in the Southeast but chose Atlanta, partially because of the potential here, of course. They do plan to expand, they've purchased a building in Charlotte, but that is a ways off. As of now, there is no Big Beer money or interests involved and as far as I know, there are no intentions for that to change. When breweries like Sierra Nevada, Oskar Blues, and New Belgium skipped GA people complained about our terrible laws keeping out good breweries. Now that the laws have changed and we DO get a big brewery to build here, people complain that it's taking advantage of an udertapped market? Y'all crazy.
Removing this. Feel free to repost without the clickbait/misleading title.
One of my favorite groups ever. Can't believe I hadn't seen them until last year. Great show but they didn't do Puppet Head and I was kind of bummed.
Stalker!
No. At least not right now. It's essentially a brewpub/restaurant and the patio area is not open yet. Not sure if outside will be dog-friendly when it opens.
They've been under soft open for about a month, had a ribbon cutting yesterday, and this is their official grand opening celebration extravaganza otter show weekend.
Second Self Triforce is really good, my favorite beer I've had from them. Pretty balanced, low bitterness, fruity hops. Easy drinking and really tasty. I highly recommend grabbing some of this one.
Please take a look at our rules in the sidebar. No beer porn / haul pics are allowed as top-level posts. Feel free to share this in our daily thread.
Most, if not all, of the beer served at Oak was from the brewer that was there before Barron. I was told they wanted to go through what they had before putting his beer on, he wasn't there very long before they closed.
http://i.imgur.com/bLko2Ij.gif
No change. Chickens can levitate.
No way.
That's magical. I thought there was no way to make that pic more perfect.
I liked it a lot. My favorite beer from Second Self by far. Balanced, smooth bitterness, fruity hops. Very drinkable.
I was actually going to edit to say that, he was going non-stop. :)
&gt; environment reminded me more of Sierra Nevada (in Mills River), more than any other local brewery Exactly what I thought. Doesn't feel like any other GA brewery visit, I guess it's not. A new era for GA beer here. I'm curious to see if we have others go for this model. I agree that Dunkel was solid. I liked all the beers except the brown ale. The food was really good, too. I wanted to try the coffee porter but it kicked before I could get one. Thanks to the Redditor that mentioned making a reservation on OpenTable, I highly recommend doing that if you decide to go.
Little Trouble | Atlanta, GA
&gt; Join us this Friday as we think back to warmer days with Tritonia and tacos in hand! &gt; &gt; Tritonia with Mango, Orange, &amp; Lime will be available for to-go sales in cans as well as on draft at 3PM. We'll have 150 cases of the beer available to-go (limit three 6pks/guest). Silver Queen will be here selling delicious tacos &amp; DJ Osmose will be providing the tunes! &gt; &gt; Come &amp; pretend you're at the beach with us!
I didn't even make it in, just got the pic. It was packed out when I went by.
I was curious if he was really shivering because he was cold so I Googled it. According to [askentemologists.com](https://askentomologists.com/2015/04/20/what-do-bugs-do-when-it-rains/) bugs do indeed shiver when it's cold. Poor little feller.
I don't see the option for delivery. Where do I select that?
Can you just drive it over to my house for me?
Haters.
No, it isn't. But I was away from my mod lookout and this has some convo so I'm not going to be a killjoy and remove it. OP... please read our rules in the sidebar. Thanks. ;)
Sampled Whirling Dervish and Beyond the Clouds last night. Whirling Dervish - Super smooth coffee and a light and drinkable stout. Base is a Dry Irish Stout. If you want a very easy drinking coffee stout this will be your jam. Beyond the Clouds - Big pineapple and orange aroma, same in flavor. A very soft and pillowy mouthfeel. The funk was interesting and hard to describe, "meaty" came to mind, and others agreed, but I feel like that has a negative connotation and it isn't a bad thing at all. I'd love to see how this one develops. This weekend I'm going to be sipping casks at ACAT.
Not sure if it's the same one but this uses Batdorf &amp; Bronson Whirling Dervish blend. It's really good, although I personally like a bit more body in my coffee stouts.
&gt; Tiki Penguin (penguin pale with pineapple, orange and nutmeg) This was damn good. I forgot about it, now I want more.
You also have to recite all the ATLbeer memes while chugging.
Check out Beer Girl in Hapeville, just down the road from Arches Brewing.
FTE has excellent food and the beer is good, and it's close to other breweries as you mentioned. Hopstix has awesome food as well, just different cuisine than FTE, house beers still need some fine tuning but they generally have a great tap list featuring other brewpubs like WB and Cherry Street. Good Word has great food and beer but doesn't open until 5 PM. Most bang for the buck would probably be FTE then Variant and/or Gate City.
Let me know if Dr. Worm is getting better on the drums.
Yep, I did as well. Went over there for a tasting and was so ready for one of their burgers but the kitchen wasn't open. O4W Pizza was a pretty good consolation prize though.
If you like craft beer check out r/atlbeer. A lot of folks on there have made IRL friends off the sub. There are a ton of events each week and we host "official" meetups quarterly, and smaller groups have other meetups. Lots of breweries have live music and several do stand up shows, there's one at Orpheus Brewing on Wednesday and one at Red Brick next weekend.
I have the winners list, but just the numbers. Does anyone have their beer list from the fest? If so we can put the winners list together. EDIT: Got the info, winners posted.
The Grisette was super floral, my crew was split on it, I loved it. Lots of character IMO.
I didn't notice it in Dust Bunny, it was the main thing I tasted in Journey Without Maps. Reminds me of a Ricola cough drop. I am not a fan.
Ha, I was just about to post a comment on the same thing. An effort at some creative/dramatic reporting. Rock on, Macon Telegraph.
Are you saying brewers want barrels that have been used several times to age in so they don't add flavor? If that's the case I totally disagree with you. One of the main reasons a brewery uses bourbon, wine, rum, congac, etc. barrels is to impart that character (and barrel character) into their beer.
Yes. Yes. Minimal. That may be the way you brew or the way that is common where you are, but it isn't here (Atlanta, GA). I'm not a professional brewer but I've worked with many of the brewers here. I've brewed beers, with pro brewers, with the intentions of putting them in wine or bourbon barrels. Bourbon barrel-aged stouts are common. We *do* have breweries that use puncheons and foudres as well, but many acquire barrels specifically for the character those barrels will add to the beer.
Coincidentally, I was just thinking about this today. I'll reach out to them. EDIT: Sent an email to Mark. He's not usually quick to respond, has taken him up to a month to reply in the past. :)
Thanks for joining us! Two questions.... * You've had a Nitro ESB on at the taproom a couple of times that is fantastic. Will we see more of that and have you considered nitro cans for it? * If I start a petition to ban Ekuanot hops, can I count on your support?
Looks like he prescribed a heavy dose of salt.
I knew you'd let me down on the Ekuanot hops. :) Keep rocking on, loving what you all are doing there.
They're very herbaceous and I personally don't care for them. It seems to be a pretty polarizing hop, there are some fans and some haters (me included) on this sub.
Fire one off and find out for us! Or DM me his number. Thanks.
Thanks for the update!
Right?!
It's not an all whales beer fest by any means but I think /u/blakeleywood is being a little harsh. Many/most of the beers are shelf regulars, and there are a lot of frat boys, but if you haven't already had most of the beers it's still a good way to get in and get to try a ton of beer. Not my cup of tea, but they have their place. There are a lot of trashed 20-somethings at them. I just looked at the list and it is most definitely not all shitty beer.
I haven't seen a mention of a release at WB. These brewery collabs are usually just released at the brewery where they were brewed, but since WB is a brewpub they might get some over there as well.
[Budweiser's Super Bowl ad for this year](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=6&amp;v=CxGUmtRLm5g), featuring Cartersville's GM.
I worked in a foundry in the 90s. We made large valves for fire mains, oil lines, etc. One of our clients was Saudi Arabia. We had to make valves for their oil lines and paint them to blend in with the desert sand when viewed from the sky - to deter them being bombed. Our company had a hell of a time getting the color right, we had a sample of the sand to match and in the foundry it looked spot on but we'd ship them there and they'd test them and say they didn't blend well enough. It's pretty difficult to make pipeline valves totally disappear against the sand.
I'll be hitting The Woodlands and The Garage tomorrow, not sure what else I'll get into. I need to drink some of the beer I have at home, it's literally all over my house. I was trying to cram a few more in the cellar and realized I have a ton of great beer that I haven't touched in a good while - I just keep hoarding.
SweetWater has it lumped together on the FB event they posted, I think the 10PM is the time the regular brewery closes.
I know Hop City used to do swaps, not sure the price.
Every time I've had ropa vieja it's had olives in it. The local Cuban place makes it with olives and if you Google image search it most of the pics show it with olives. They may not go in all recipes but it seems like it's a pretty standard preparation.
Hey guys, just a tip, titles grab people's attention here. With just "DOTJ" this is not likely to spark a lot of interest.
I will also be part of the panel getting all judgy at Orpheus's SouperBowl.
It was better than the stout but still on the lighter side.
Right? Totally unplanned. Dropped in to share some bottles over at Atlantucky Brewing and they had a vanilla porter going so Brian and I helped out. I realized how much I miss it, took me back to the old days of hanging in the garage all day sharing beers and brewing.
GRITS is on the list and I have an email out to them for an update.
Done. I'm going to hit up Nick for a more updatier update as well.
He's Tony's son.
I just talked with the owner of Sabbath recently, he mentioned the space he originally wanted was scooped up by the folks from WB.
Oh hell, right!
In addition to the places mentioned, there is Atlanta Hard Cider, they have one canned cider out now and they are building a tasting room on the Westside.
I'm not sure where the lines are drawn but it sounds like most of it will be. I know talking with MNB and WH they mentioned you'd be able to get a beer at one and stroll the courtyard over to the other while you drink it. Sounds like it will just be one big entertainment complex.
For sure, Campus 805 is awesome. We're hoping to make another stop through in April.
I *think* that has to do with hard liquor. IIRC one of the Total Wine locations is just beer and wine due to the laws. However, I'm not 100% sure how this part works.
I'm salty they gave that guy the exclusive scoop so I refuse to share it in protest. :)
Were you the tazee?
Yes.
And The Bold Monk.
The menus are very similar as well. "The Morgan" burger is "The Kenmore" from Taco Mac. I think the wing sauces are the old Taco Mac sauces. I'm not far from the Woodstock location, maybe I'll check them out. EDIT: Decided to hit there for lunch today. Had grilled chicken sandwich and some sweet potato fries. Service was acceptable, food was good but nothing life-changing. Looks like they kept the ranch recipe from TM, which is great because TM has the best ranch there is and it's the only place I get that instead of blue cheese. Overall it was better than I recall last time I went to that Taco Mac. Chatted with a manager and he said they broke away from TM as they wanted a bit more freedom to appeal to the local market. I also had a Laughing Skull Amber and it's much better than I remember it, I really enjoyed it.
Cleo? Is that you???
I thought the same thing when I read that. I see what they were doing, but they should rearrange that a bit.
&gt; it seems like most of these breweries are really late to the bubble and will really have to be something special to make it. One thing I'm seeing / hearing from a lot of the upcoming breweries is that they intend to focus on the basic styles. Seeing an IPA, Blonde, and Stout as the core beers is common. There are two ways I can see that working. 1) You absolutely kill those styles or 2) you put most of your focus on serving the hyper-local market. If you're opening a brewery now with plans of growth and distribution and you intend to do that with a Blonde, an IPA, and a Stout you have a hell of a battle ahead of you. The one exception there is if you are someone like New Realm, with the size and money to really get out there and invest in a strong campaign to raise brand awareness.
I think it really depends on the size of the brewery. If you build a "neighborhood" brewery I think most larger neighborhoods could support that. I'm actually the opposite when it comes to beer at a brewery. everyone is doing IPAs and Stouts, I want something that not everyone else is doing. But I realize that popular styles are popular for a reason, and that's what most people want. I think it's important to have those available, but offer something unique as well. I actually liked that Slow Pour had stuff like Dunkel on, you don't see that much. I think Sabbath has a pretty solid model for this market. Own-premise focus, they'll have an IPA but also Farmhouse and Sour Ales, and they will be a coffee roaster and coffee bar. If they make great beer this sounds like a good combo to me. (I have to imagine with being a coffee bar we'll see stouts as well.)
This has confused the hell out of me.
Are you drinking straight from the can/bottle or pouring that into a glass? If straight from the can/bottle then you are losing a lot of aromatics that impact your perception of the flavor. However, even if poured into a glass, draft and package can still taste different. The carbonation will be the same on both, they (usually, there are some exceptions) both come out of the same tank when bottled/canned or kegged. Kegged beer has a lower dissolved oxygen, which will prolong its shelf life / freshness. Also, kegged beer is almost always kept cold and cold storage immensely impacts keeping beer its freshest and tasting its best.
Per our subreddit [rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/atlbeer/about/rules), businesses are only allowed to self-promote once per week. Since you posted about pint night 5 days ago this post will be removed.
They ran out and couldn't pour for about 30 mins but brought in some more tanks. Not sure if they ran out again. It was a packed house and some friends that were there said it was actually a bit calmer when I was there than it was earlier. I liked the Pilsner and Hoppy Brown a lot, thought the Hef was decent. Really nice taproom and beer garden there.
I heard the same about B's Cracklin so I went a few weeks ago. It was just OK. Brisket was kind of dry, not a lot of flavor, same for the pulled pork. Smoked chicken was pretty good. Based on how much some friends rave about it I'd give it another shot.
Seems there's a love / hate with pepper beers. I love one with some good pepper flavor and a touch of heat on the finish. I've had some that go too far and it's just heat. A Mexican chocolate stout is definitely one of the best beers to dip your toe into the pepper pool with. Good luck.
My mother was from White Sulphur Springs. Way back before the bunker was declassified she told me there were rumors about its existence. She said when it was being built her uncle told everyone in town they were building one but no one believed him. I've never found this in the game, I'll have to look for it.
The term is used pretty loosely by brewers and beer drinkers but per BJCP and Brewers Association guidelines a Session IPA is &lt;4%.
After this weekend's visit to Tucker and Hopstix, I've visited 51 GA breweries in 2018. The list is getting shorter, but they're more spread out. I'm going to need to plan some strategic weekends to get to the rest this year.
That's tough to call! Omaha was a blast, great people there and a cool facility with a lot of room and plans for growth. Dalton Brewing was a good one because I was surprised the see the massive turnout at the grand opening, really shows that these smaller towns are ready for a craft brewery. Same for Tucker, insane turn-out there. Creature Comforts anniversary was great because I just really love their beer. Variant is on the list, great beer and Matt and Lauren are awesome. I think that's 5, this would probably change if you asked me again tomorrow. I'm really looking forward to a Savannah trip and checking out all the breweries there, the Two Tides beer I got in Augusta was really good, curious to see what else they've got going.
Most of them end up that way eventually. :)
Amen!
You could commute!
I may have to check this out.
&gt; pickled bologna I seriously thought I was the only person in the south that new about pickled bologna. You know about bologna salad, too?
I think all that I had was homemade stuff. Some childhood friends from MI. They'd pickle the ring bologna and eat that sliced or grind it up and make bologna salad. Sounds disgusting when I think about it now but I recall liking it as a kid.
Ahh, gotcha, I saw the article was from the Houston Chronicle and assumed it was in the area.
KSM launch on the 8th.
Someone reported them for it. I'm not sure the exact reason but it had something to do with variable pricing for different people/sizes. Taco Mac changed it because they had to. However, IIRC, they give you a credit back in some way, I think it's attached to your Brewniversity account.
&gt; Rules for /r/atlbeer &gt; &gt; IMAGE POSTS &gt; Reported as: Disallowed content &gt; &gt; Any "beer porn" pics should be posted in the daily or weekly threads. Pics posted as a top-level post should be informational or foster discussion. &gt; &gt; "What? Why not?" - With over 6,000 subscribers if we allowed these posts as top-level posts they would take over the sub. This has been evidenced on many other forums/FB Groups/subreddits. We love beer pics, too. We just don't want them to be 90% of our posts.
I don't think it's big enough for your group but the [beer cellar at The Porter](http://www.theporterbeerbar.com/be-merry/beer-cellar-rental/?postTabs=0) is awesome. Byzantine Beer Parlor at Argosy is very cool and I think they do private events, perhaps the upstairs bar at Brick Store.
Aaron almost died leaning back on one of those.
A commenter on FB says they intention is to sell and downsize and they still plan to open in another location. I've sent an email to see if I can find out.
That beer is the prettiest thing I've seen all year.
It's been quite a week, I might stay home and just binge on my cellar.
I wondered if he was something like that but it doesn't look like his front legs/pinchers are long enough. I thought he was a spider at first but looking through pics of spiders in GA I can't find a match.
I thought he might be a jumping spider but all the pics I found they had some coloration/spots on them and this guy is solid black. I'll see if I can find him again and get a better pic.
Mark?
You know it! Might see you at Cherry Street today, haven't been up there in a while.
Cool. But still creepy.
The person that shared this on FB said there was new surveillance video, so that's what I mentioned here. Sorry if that seems misleading, wasn't intentional.
No idea.
The stout was very low carb, there were comments on that when it was fresh. Personally, it didn't bother me. I don't recall what #2 was liked but I've really enjoyed every beer that they've released. One of the brewers was at our last bottle share and had the whole line-up there.
Where are you staying?
IIRC they retired it right after it won its last award. I thought it was odd but I guess just because a beer is award-winning doesn't mean it's a big seller.
I don't recall who it was but I was talking to someone about this and they said it would never happen because Marietta city council wouldn't let it. I think the guy that owns MacCracken's tried to open one on the square as well and got shot down. So if that's true they're 2 for 2 on killing breweries on the square.
I read it differently on FB but looking at the MDJ article that does seem like that's the case. Curious that what the details were.
My understanding was that it was originally going to be in Marietta. Last August he sent me an email and things were moving along on the Dallas location, but I haven't seen/heard anything since then. I know there was another brewery named Etowah that is opening in Dahlonega, owned by the same guy that owns Etwoah Meadery.
I guess, I was thinking the same thing but saw a shop that said they had some more hit.
That's one thing I haven't tried but the ones I've seen look really good.
I noticed craft selections becoming more sparse at my Publix in Georgia. For a while they seemed like they were really trying to build a good craft beer lineup. Now they have a handful of craft offerings but it's less than it used to be. Surprisingly, several of the Targets in the Atlanta area are building solid craft beer selections.
That sounds good to me. **Mods have convened, a decision has been made. This one stays up but going forward stuff like this should go in the daily.**
I'm up in Woodstock but was actually discussing this with some ITP friends and they agreed. Not sure which stores they shop at.
CHIP, I'M GONNA COME AT YOU LIKE A SPIDER MONKEY!
That fixed it. Thanks! I'm getting ~600 UL now. Is there anything I need to be aware of with those settings disabled? Any negative impact?
Sounds good, thanks again for the help. I figured it had to be a setting of some sort, seemed unlikely I'd have a bad card in two computers back-to-back.
Wrecking Bar, Abide, and Line Creek Yesterday. GA breweries visited in 2018 = 54. Wrecking Bar - y'all know what's up. Abide - I forget which IPA I had, I think Three Rivers, it was OK. They had a really good Strawberry Wheat if that's your thing. Small taproom but they are trying to get more space to grow. Also, no AC in the taproom so it was pretty warm. Upgraded to a new 10 bbl brewhouse earlier this year, said they are selling all they can make. Would like to grow into other markets but right now just available in the local area. Line Creek - Gorgeous and spacious taproom. They've got a room to the side of the main taproom that has a huge projection TV and they had World Cup on. Big viewing window to watch the brewhouse. First Crush IPA was good, huge aroma, smooth drinker. Ain't Afraid of No Gose (lemon sorbet) was just lightly tart and touch of salt, nice lemon. Brewed Awakening on nitro (vanilla coffee stout) drinks like a Dry Irish stout. Coffee and vanilla were light, very tasty. We talked with Jason (Brewmaster) and he said they were going for balance in all the beers, but did say he'd kick up the coffee and vanilla a bit in the next batch. I really like the folks behind Line Creek and hope they kill it. For a first run I was impressed and I'm curious to see what they do in the future.
They don't distribute in Georgia.
There are a ton of beer-related events in GA every week, 179 this week. We post a hot list on /r/atlbeer every Friday along with a discussion on what you're doing/drinking. Come on over and chime in and there's a good chance someone would be game to meet up.
Five Points Bottle shop on Atlanta Highway. One of the best bottle shops in the state.
Atlanta checking in. They do merge, however, you'll notice the ones already in the line are not that keen on letting the other drive... caterpillars in, but they force their way in anyhow. It's just like real Atlanta traffic. Actually, if one got out of the line, passed 6 others on the shoulder, and then merged back in, that would be more like Atlanta traffic.
Y'all have obviously never been to a Holy Ghost-filled, Jesus-praisin'. hallelujah-shoutin', rapture-predictin', Southern church.
A Møøse once bit my sister.
https://i.imgur.com/83wECIC.gif
I really enjoyed the Two Tides I tried in Augusta. Look forward to them hopefully growing and hitting Atlanta. They'll be on Beer Guys Radio on 07/14.
I strongly prefer in-person shopping. Many times I'm not sure what I want until I get there and browse. For the times I do know what I want, or there is a limited release available online, I would use online ordering.
I tried a precursor to this one at 420 Fest. They poured it in the Woodlands and as soon as they opened the taps the whole place smelled like weed. That one was VERY dank. They're kegging G13 tomorrow and I'll be going down for a lunchtime tasting, I'll report my findings.
What are some of the up-and-coming beer geek spots in Atlanta? Or across Georgia? Porter and Brick Store always get top billing. Argosy gets mentioned more now, but for a while I don't think it got a ton of credit. I've heard Kaleidoscope is pretty good but looking at their website they don't even mention beer. Any other great spots flying under the radar?
Was it Maltitude? Nonic?
Cheers! We really enjoyed the beers. The Pilsner was excellent. They invited us up to visit and I haven't done a VT beer tour yet, I need to rectify that.
Monday Night is releasing Slow Churn Milkshake IPA tonight, Scofflaw is releasing Fxxx Cancer cans. The food at New Realm is great, so go with whatever looks good to you. The Radgegast burger, meatballs, mac &amp; cheese, and mussels are some of my favs. Haven't tried the pizzas but they look good and someone on here said they're solid. If you like Golden Ales the new Golden Goal at New Realm was really enjoyable.
Seems a lot use vanilla as well.
Cool, thanks!
Thanks! I like the sound of your Teleportus spot and think something along those lines might work for my immediate need. I have to head out a bit but will message you later to discuss more.
I mean, it's worth a shot.
Someone posted before 8:00 AM lining up for the Variant Good S'morning release. Madness. Anyone have a current line report?
I'm really surprised these haven't made it further south, especially in bars and breweries. Seems like the perfect beer food to me. I'm sad to say I've never had a pastie. ;(
Dang, I was hoping to get a report before heading up. I'll wait to see if someone chimes in.
I interviewed Dan Shelton just before Shelton Fest in Atlanta and he told us about this as well. He said he knew it was a great beer and wouldn't give up on marketing it here, looks like it worked out OK for him. FWIW, he also said there's a lot of misinformation in that BA article linked in the post.
I wouldn't say it's indecisive, just a huge variety of opinions on what's "best". I've yet to see a highly-anticipated release where at least some people weren't bothered by the way it was executed. I really like the way MNB handled some of their releases. They did a VIP event that let you pre-purchase tickets and get a full event plus bottles, including a variant you could only get at the event. They also had some bottles alotted for general release later in the day. IMO everyone wins here, but there were still a lot of complaints about pricing for the VIP experience the first time they did it.
Only good if you're in Atlanta but Park Tavern does their house beers at $1 a pint if the forecast calls for rain. Their beers are OK, but for $1 it's hard to beat.
I'd have to go back and listen to the interview to get details. He expanded a bit to say that a lot of it was *close*, with some details twisted. Also, if I remember correctly some of that discussion was during off-air banter.
It was/is a $750ml bottle. I'd had the previous versions fresh, and am comparing the flavors to what I recall having them fresh. EDIT: Just found my receipt, $112.25 Canadian for the bottle in Sept. 2016.
Wish I could make it down for this, they always put on a good party. HBD, BSP.
She creeps me out. Her personality seems off, like she's just playing the role of a human. Lizard person or not, I agree that would be a pretty sweet gig.
"There's a fly in my beer... SWEET!"
[Here is a pic](https://i.imgur.com/hIyLfXE.jpg) I took at the 20th anniversary. Four generations of BSP beer managers. Some talented and awesome folks got their feet wet at Brick Store. L-R | One of the owners, Dave Blanchard; Lee Dickson, now with Liberator Distributing, Timmy Ensor, owner of My Parents' Basement; Ryan Skinner, one of the owners of Good Word Brewing; current beer manager, Dan Fontaine.
Make sure to make a reservation for your New Realm visit.
I haven't been able to homebrew in a lonnnng time, but I needed to ferment something. The result is my first batch of [kimchi](https://i.imgur.com/0OmuLue.jpg). I couldn't find Korean chiles and had to sub red pepper flakes, Googled after making it and found out they're not really comparable. However, what I made is really tasty IMO, so it was a successful experiment.
#truth
I figured I could find them if I ventured a little further out. This one was a quick batch and I just grabbed what I could at my Publix. I'll try it again with the proper ingredients and see what I get. I might try collard green kimchi, because the ones at Wrecking Bar are awesome.
Have you tried fermenting other veggies? Any favorites?
I did some pretty good kraut, too. Same thing for me on pickles, they went funky and just weren't good. I love pickled okra and so does /u/redlorelei so a batch of those might need to happen.
**QUESTION...** It was suggested we do a weekly sticky for homebrewing discussion. I'm not opposed to the idea, just not sure if it's needed, and wanted to get the sub's opinion. I personally like the homebrew chatter in the daily and it seems to come in waves, but creates a lot of discussion when it does. On the flip side a dedicated thread could spur more homebrew talk and keep it from taking up too much of the daily for those that aren't interested. Tell me what you want, r/ATLbeer. /u/brunswikstu.. thoughts?
You all are my favorite people.
Just last night I opened a [1986 Anchor Our Special Ale](https://i.imgur.com/yHRbEpB.jpg) with a few friends. Two owners since it was new and both have kept it properly cellared. It still had a touch of carbonation, surprising after 32 years. Aroma was sherry-like, caramely, oxidized/"old books" smell, no hop presence. Flavor was like a light, thin sherry. Sweet and caramely, oxidized in the best way. I've had a few 25+ year-old beers and this was, by far, the best one I've tried. Not something I'd pound pints of, but very enjoyable for its age and fun to get into a beer that old.
I just hired voice actors to record some sponsor spots via r/voiceacting and had (mostly) great success. I'm sure there's something similar for music. You could look at Fiverr as well. There are affordable options for those that don't have contacts that do that type of work.
I don't even understand the words you are saying here.
Close... :)
&gt; Too high of a probability that discussion would fall off because people don't want to navigate to multiple places. I had this thought as well, we don't want to overdo breaking stuff into its own thread and have to jump around for things. &gt;Also, would homebrew discussion have to be banned or scolded in the daily A good question and one I was initially going to say "no" to. But, if we have a dedicated thread I guess that *is* the point of the dedicated thread. Right now it seems kind of divided, let's see where it goes.
Your dirty secret is safe with me. A bit laborious, but overall pretty easy to make.
FYI... no weekly thread this week. Didn't have time to gather the data. Good luck out there.
You can do this, hang in there!
I'm sorry that I have failed you. ;( I have 1 can of Tritonia, come over and it's yours.
https://i.giphy.com/media/d2lcHJTG5Tscg/200_d.gif
I honestly have no idea.
I had a buddy telling me they've really upped their game. Lucky's and Bullock's in Woodstock have been pretty weak lately, I'll have to hit Charlie's soon.
ABC includes all previous ratings for Red Brick as well. For many years they weren't very highly rated. It's unfortunate because they are one of the best in the state now for sure.
It's interesting to see where some of these fall.
Back from our Savannah trip. 9 breweries in 3 days. We made a last minute decision to hit Amici after leaving Brackish in St. Mary's... a five-hour drive to hit a pizza join in Madison, GA. With that stop, /u/brianhewitt has officially visited every brewery currently open in Georgia this year, I still need to hit Red Hare. Two Tides beer is excellent and their space is extremely cool, although I have to say it didn't seem that "friendly" there, not sure how else to describe it. Just seemed a bit uptight. Their flagship Sixfoot is killer. Coastal Empire's Kellers Milk Stout is one of the best I've had. Service Brewing's space is very impressive. I forget the name of it now but Southbound had a great barrel-aged Saison with raspberries that came across like a Flanders.
We tried 3 of the 4 beers at Amici and didn't care for any of them. The Pilsner needed to be much drier and lighter, the red ale had a pretty hefty diacetyl hit on the finish. The beer at Brackish needs some fine tuning but they're on the right track. I didn't get any flaws in what we tried but they just seemed like they weren't quite there. The owners are extremely nice and it's a cool little brewery in a house, but they've just purchased a building downtown and will be moving next year. They were out of their flagship Kolsch so we didn't get to try that one. We sampled a pecan brown ale that they had saved a half growler of to share with us and unfortunately it was showing it's age some. But, we sampled some out of the fermenter and it was much better. I'd like to re-visit them at a better time, they said the previous couple of weeks they'd been hit harder than usual and were down to scraps on what beer they had.
EDIT: Best intentions here with what I posted but I got some of the details wrong so I'm removing my comment.
It's time again for our Best of Georgia Beer awards. We've added categories for Best New/Overall Lager and Best Homebrewer this year. Nominations run through 12/11, final voting begins on 12/12, results on 12/29.
I wondered that as well and meant to ask, I'll see if I can find out.
My dog is very good about not touching anything she's not supposed to. One time I went for some chicken tenders and had a carryout box. When I got to the car I realized I had to go to the bathroom and decided to test (entrap) my dog. I opened the box and sat it on the driver's seat. She immediately looked at the box, then looked at me with those folded back ears. When I got back to the car there was not a tender, french fry, or scrap of biscuit to be found. I think she even ate the paper they lined the box with. My pup looked so ashamed and guilty, I felt bad. I didn't get mad at her at all, just went and got me some more chicken.
Well, then I fed my dog some chicken tenders. AMA.
In this case, I felt bad, because she felt so bad.
Popeye's.
She enjoyed them sauce free.
Annie Hathaways from The Devil Wears Prada?!?
10/10, would destroy again
I wanted to share this because I think it's awesome. We commissioned a popular local artist (Rory Hawkins, aka Catlanta) to do a painting with the theme of Georgia beer. We auctioned the original and it sold for $585, and we sold 25 signed and numbered prints. All proceeds were donated to The Giving Kitchen, an Atlanta charity that supports workers in the food service industry, like the bartender pouring your beer. In addition to the painting selling for such a great amount, we soild out of prints in a few hours. Shout out to u/cat_lanta for working with us on this, we hope to do it again in the future.
Sorry. The LE nature of the prints makes them more desirable. Make sure to get in line early next time... have a bottle share while you wait.
I bet if you focus *really* hard you can figure out the point of the story.
You were at -1 when I saw this post, but I totally respect your stance. Nothing wrong at all with supporting your local craft. I buy/drink 95% American beer, and probably 2/3 of that is from my home state. I don't really make a policy to avoid others but there's just so much good beer here it just kind of happens that way.
They went super fast. I posted them on the site, shared the link with our Patreon supporters, and intended to post everywhere the next day - they were gone before I could do that. It's pretty awesome that they moved so quickly. We'll definitely jack up those prices next time. :)
Congratulations and good luck!
We definitely hope to do this again. EDIT: Thanks for fueling the hype! :)
I've mentioned to /u/JekyllNate before that he needs to make sure to say where, he ignored me. :)
Years from now, /u/bbyerly46's biggest regret in life will be looking back and wishing he'd done this the way you wanted him to, instead of the way he wanted to. So sad.
I guess we kind of had this coming by asking y'all to "tell us what's on your mind."
Hop Soul! I stopped by and talked with him last weekend, he's targeting a Feb-Mar opening now. Looks like it's going to be a really cool spot.
A year ago I was told they'd hit this year. I haven't heard anything since then.
I haven't. I've been crippled this week with a bad back! Feeling better so I hope there's beer in my future very soon.
Thanks, I'm almost there!
I think this is fake.
&gt; "What are you drinking?" Noted, I can do that.
Stopped in Orpheus today and they had a collab on with Sceptre, The Palace in Your Head Grisette. It's really good. Trevor Jones, previously of Orpheus, will be the Brewmaster. I know the Argosy guys know their beer, and Orpheus knows their beer, so I'm pretty excited to see what they do at Sceptre.
*Lactobacillium Fernentosa!*
Thanks for the hospitality!
Stopped by Six Bridges yesterday, soft open thing for United game. They have a really nice space with a big bar, several tables, and a sitting area with a couch and chairs, and a patio with several tables. Plus Mario Kart station and a multicade machine, board and card games. Big brewery with lots of room to grow, they have a canning line and will do 12s and 16s. Beers... Guava Berliner was fantastic. Prominent guava and a nice tartness, Clay (owner) said he'd like it a bit more tart, I thought it was spot on. Milk Stout was solid, lighter on the lactose and a good roast level, medium bodied. IIRC they said this one would be bigger and thicker next time. They had a NEIPA that wasn't quite ready but we got a sample. Very clean, big citrusy lemon aroma and flavor, good body and mouthfeel. They're still tweaking recipes and trying to get enough beer on to be fully open. They have quite a few private events scheduled and are targeting Q1 for official opening.
Johns Creek.
For first offerings, they were really solid. That Berliner was seriously excellent and the others were good. Talking with Clay he commented on each recipe the way he wanted to improve it. Based on how the beers were now and his desire to keep making them better, I look forward to what they'll do, One thing I forgot in the original post, they don't intend to have core beers. He'll have a base he works with (like the Berliner and IPA) but will rotate additions and hops with each release. He said if one is really popular it may get re-brewed, but for the most part it will be new variations each batch.
I've seen it increasing. I still get a lot more from Apple/Google/Stitcher/Overcast, but it's #9 on my user agent list. I ran a couple of Overcast ads and it's really taking off for me, right up there with Apple.
Here's a short/sweet recap. My show is a weekly, interview-driven show about craft beer. I ran an ad in Sports and Rec at $140 with an estimated 55-75 subcribers and another in Games &amp; Hobbies at $70 with an estimated 25-30 subscribers. Here's how they performed for me... * Sports &amp; Rec | 40,661 views | 1,522 taps (3.7%) | 55 subs (3.8%) | $2.55 per sub * Games &amp; Hobbies | 16,949 views | 532 taps (3.1%) | 21 subs (3.9%) | $3.33 per sub As you can see, we hit right on or a bit under estimates. Part of that is probably due to the time I ran them butting up to Thanksgiving. However, the two ads together gave me a decent bump in overall subscribers, so not too bad. Judging by the stats moving up on Overcast the folks that subscribed are listening.
I'm terrible at estimating things like that. It's decent size, but not huge. 6-8 tables, that can each seat maybe 10 people? The sitting area, some standing room between the tables and bar. It could host a good sized group.
I think they're listening. My overall DLs were down in November but Overcast moved up in the user agent rankings, so even though I had fewer DLs, Overcast accounts for a larger percentage of those.
This is what we do. We don't want to be too stiff in our format but still keep some structure. If something related comes up then we'll talk about it and let the conversation flow.
Not sure where you're located but Against the Grain London Balling is a good one.
I'm not sure if it's daily, but they change frequently with demand.
I understand where you're coming from, here's my counter point... Brut IPA gets "invented" at a brewery in CA. People like it, local buzz circulates. Breweries are all too aware that craft beer drinkers want the latest and greatest, and trends move much faster than they have in the past. A few articles are written about it, and word spreads, and all these breweries want to jump on this craze before it's actually a craze. Here's a big issue... many of these breweries had never had a "proper" (if you can call it that) Brut IPA before they brewed one. They took a lot of creative liberty in their interpretations of the style, and many of them were not even close - as far as I know from what I have read about Brut IPAs. We saw this here in GA when NEIPAs starting catching fire, a lot of local breweries made them, and they were nothing like the proper NEIPAs. We still have a lot of beers marked as NEIPAs that don't really fit the style. There is a small but growing demand for drier, crisper beers. Many breweries offer a Pilsner now, and some of those sell very well. But most craft drinkers want more flavor than a basic Pilsner, and that's why we see things like dry-hoppped Pilsner, or blood orange Pilsner. The Brut IPA comes along and it sounds like the perfect storm of keeping on the IPA trend and offering folks a drier and crisper beer, while still delivering on flavor. I've tried 10 or so iterations of Brut IPA, and the ones that seemed closest to the actual style to me were pretty solid. I don't think Brut IPA will be super hot, but I think that style could find a place in the mix in the long run.
Beer Guys Radio. Weekly interview-driven show about craft beer. We discussed the industry, politics, laws, glitter, trends, ghosts, stats, etc. A recent episode I'd recommend is [The Craft Beer Bubble and State of the Industry](https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-craft-beer-bubble-and-state-of-the-industry/id1062108530?i=1000421721107&amp;mt=2). We talk with Bart Watson, Chief Economist of the Brewers Association.
My review is the same on the beers and food IIRC. Those are the same 3 beers they had on when I went a few weeks ago.
Offers to buy or sell beer are not permitted per Reddit's sitewide rules. Please feel free to resubmit your post without the mention of buying beer.
This has been reported a couple of times, I don't see any of the pop-ups others are mentioning. Get yourself and ad blocker, folks. Brewtoad is a popular site for homebrewers and this is relevant to those in the sub that might use it.
Nope. Removed from Best IPA category. Thanks for the heads up.
They're all in Untappd as NEIPAs. I just Googled some pics and it looks like at least 3 and 4 are DIPAs. Dammit, Wild Leap!
I think it was 2012 or 2013 that was a FOMO turning point for me. The latest KBS released and I was chasing trucks to the stores to get some. Most places had a 1 bottle limit and I spent the better portion of the day to get 3 bottles of beer. That clicked for me that it was stupid. I quit chasing trucks but would still try to get in for online sales or line up at a brewery for the next hot release. Eventually, I realized that was also stupid. There's a lot of great beer that doesn't require chasing, waiting, lining up, or emptying your wallet. Plus, there are so many releases now there's just no way to get them all. I think Monday Night had 3 new releases while I typed this post. It's crazy. I'm much more content now with visiting a brewery and trying whatever is on tap, sitting down with friends and pulling from the cellar, or visiting a beer bar and just chilling and having a beer. Chasing beer is stressful and expenisve, and takes the enjoyment out of this awesome "hobby."
u/timinthetrees joined us for taping this week's BGR. Tim won the Catlanta art auction so we invited him in to get the art and sit down with us. We drank through the "12 Beers of Christmas" and each picked our Top 5, then we drank a few more for good measure. Took us 4 hours to tape the show, and we hit that #4thsegment hard. Good times, thanks for joining us, Tim!
If that was controversial then you're living on the wrong side of the law, ZeeMoe.
Aww dang, I was hoping you found it! Sounds like you'll have a great party instead so that's not a bad way for the story to end.
Seemed pretty good to me!
I haven't been in a couple of months but each time I go the beers have been improving. Last time I went I enjoyed everything, with the exception of a Pilsner that wasn't quite right.
I really wish this had multitrack recording. That's the only reason I haven't pulled the trigger on one yet.
Definitely the first I'm seeing of them. I Googled them and see they're from CT. Untappd has them at 3.94 overall and a handful of 4+ beers.
Yep, they sure did. Sounds like he's been getting hit from every direction on this.
I sampled this last weekend and it's absolutely amazing. I also highly recommend a little 50/50 cuvée action with The Ferryman.
Beer *is* a pretty polarizing topic...
Dear u/daebro... &gt; **Why wasn’t (insert your favorite beer/brewery here) included???** &gt; &gt; We’ve been asked this several times the last two years. We get it, people are passionate about their favorites. If yours is not on the list, it did not receive enough nominations or did not meet the criteria for the category it was nominated in. Final voting entries come 100% from nominations.
Same man! We definitely need to grab a beer. We're heading to the grand opening at Contrast Artisan Ales around 3:00... come join us!
I was talking with u/tastycoldsnacks about these last night and he asked for honest feedback so I told him I'd like more body in the base. We chatted a bit about thicc stouts and he said something like, "Not every stout has to be motor oil." So I said, "If you boil less than 24 hours, is it even a real stout?" He said yes, but I'm not sure that's correct.
/u/limbomaniac, what's the cutoff for eligibility on the 2018 Verdict Awards?
As it should.
Noticeable but not crazy. When it was cold I got a touch of tequila and a punch of cinnamon. As it warmed it tasted more horchata-y.
/u/brianhewitt you should steal these lyrics for your next mumble rap.
We use Zencastr, another product similar to Squadcast but it doesn't have video. Zencastr allows us to do remote interviews and it records the audio on the "caller's" machine and then sends it to Zencastr when finished. This eliminates most audio issues as it's not be recorded over a phone line or internet connection. For many of our guests, it sounds like they are in the studio with us. Each host (or guest) is recorded on a separate track and you can download as a single, merged file or as individual tracks for post-production. Zencastr even has some post-processing tools that it can run on the merged file. I *believe* Squadcast operates much the same way, but adds the video component as well. Zencastr works great for us most of the time with minor glitches. If the person on the other end has a slow internet connection then the files can get out of sync and you have to line them up manually, but this has only happened for us on a couple of occasions. We've done around 30 interviews using this method.
/u/mnbaaron ???
They're safe. I don't know "how" safe, but they won't hit the limit.
Was it in tanks? I used to work at a distribution center that got cars full of Corona from Mexico, but it was pallets of bottles. I've never heard of shipping beer in tankers like that, but you learn something new every day.
The people I've met and continue to meet, and the awesome conversations we have. For my show specifically... the beer. :)
Monday Night Brewing's tanks shipped 30 minutes before the announcement of the receivership. At least two other Atlanta-area breweries weren't so lucky, one has $500k tied up in DME equipment that is apparently done, but not shipped. They're not sure what's going to happen with it.
**#BoiL**
Serious question, why is that the "right thing"? Why should he get different treatment than anyone else that worked there for 32 years?
It's so hard to choose a favorite.
There are a few directions you could go and price can vary a lot. If you're just getting started to see if you enjoy brewing, you might want to get an extract setup as that will be the cheapest easiest. What area are you in? My suggestion would be to go to a homebrew shop and talk with them about what you want to do and they can help you out getting the gear you need. Brew Depot in Alpharetta is a great shop with very knowledgeable staff. [This](https://www.morebeer.com/products/home-brewing-kit.html) is a pretty basic starter kit. All you need other than this is a large kettle, some empty bottles, and ingredients.
[Craft Beer] [The 12 Beers of Christmas - Beer Guys Radio #155](https://beerguysradio.com/2018/12/15/christmas-beer-tasting-ranking) **SFW** Temperatures are finally dipping in Atlanta and we are ready to break out the Christmas beers. We sample through the 12 Beers of Christmas and share our favorites (and least favorites) this week while talking about Christmas beer festivals and hot beer cocktails. [Apple Podcasts](https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/beer-guys-radio-craft-beer-podcast/id1062108530) | [Google Podcasts](https://www.google.com/podcasts?feed=aHR0cDovL2JlZXJndXlzcmFkaW8ubGlic3luLmNvbS9yc3M%3D) | [Overcast](https://overcast.fm/itunes1062108530/beer-guys-radio-craft-beer-podcast) | [Stitcher](https://www.stitcher.com/podcast/community-perspectives/beer-guys-radio)
I had a good chuckle picturing a thug brewer bragging about how hard they boil.
I had a Samichlaus Schwarzes last week. That is a phenomenal beer. Drank it along with 11 other Christmas beers and it was my favorite.
Welcome to r/ATLbeer. As a new user, your posts and comments will require mod approval for a couple of days. If you post and don't see it, let us know. I went to Contrast last weekend. Small, but extremely nice taproom. They've got some really cool artwork and a mural. The IPA was good, but a bit too bitter for my tastes. Stout was good, coffee version of the stout was very good.
Interesting, I hadn't seen that comment. Let's see how it goes...
There is a craft brewery in Medellin owned by a former SweetWater brewer. http://www.3cordilleras.com
Please take a look at our rules and consider posting this in the daily discussion thread. Thanks. &gt; IMAGE POSTS &gt; &gt; Reported as: Disallowed content &gt; &gt; Any "beer porn" pics should be posted in the daily or weekly threads. Pics posted as a top-level post should be informational or foster discussion. &gt; &gt; "What? Why not?" - With over 8,000 subscribers if we allowed these posts as top-level posts they would take over the sub. This has been evidenced on many other forums/FB Groups/subreddits. We love beer pics, too. We just don't want them to be 90% of our posts.
Do not post stuff like this or you will be banned.
I saw the replies, apologies don't change anything. If you realized you shouldn't have posted it then you could have easily edited or removed the post.
Collusion!
I didn't hate it, but definitely not the best bourbon stout I've tried. Very light, as you might expect from a Guinness. Super smooth, with pretty noticeable bourbon.
I'm already on a lot of shit lists for the post removals and bannings. You stay on everyone's good side. I got this.
/u/brianhewitt was there... Brian???
Amen to that!
It's way too busy. Looking at the thumbnail on Reddit, which is about the size (or larger) that people will see it on their mobiles, I can't tell what any of the graphics are and can barely make out the name of the show. This will not serve you well in trying to grow your podcast.
The balance is something they do really well, we talk about that a bit. Nothing with uber-IBUs or mega-hopped, just really solid, balanced beers.
&gt; It doesn't matter if it's a private company or not, it still has to obide by the law. It would be the same as firing someone from work just because they're black/asian for instance. What?! This isn't an employee/employer relationship. Where in the world are you getting that they broke a law by banning him? They don't have any requirement, legal or otherwise, to allow someone to use their platform. They can ban someone for any reason at all, or no reason at all, and no laws are being broken in doing that. It's hilarious (and concerning) that you think banning someone from your site is illegal.
I'm not a fan of that but the latest change to allow those that make a majority of income from things like hard tea and sparkling water is really a far stretch from what I consider a brewer.
It's Christmas Eve, y'all. This didn't get removed because Stu and I don't just hang out here 24x7 looking for stuff. Nate, please take a look at our rules, linked in the sidebar. Since this isn't a new release, event, etc. it would fall under either "business spam" or "image posts", and neither are allowed. Thanks.
Haha. It doesn't really hate ya here, but there are some "nuances" to using Reddit that are not like some other social media. You can do it. I believe in you.
The Porter and Brick Store Pub will both open at 5:00 on Christmas Day.
Chris Meadows, previously of SweetWater and The Woodlands, is the brewer at Elkmont Exchange. I haven't tried their beer yet but I did enjoy what he did at The Woodlands. Plus, their charcuterie program looks insane. Let us know if you check them out.
https://i.imgur.com/3lW0yXR.gif
Posting for those searching for next year... Canton House on BuHi was open and had a long line around 1:30. We ended up hitting Hot Melody for some hot pot and BBQ and really enjoyed it. No crowd there. Chinatown mall has some great options, I really enjoy the dim sum at Oriental Pearl.
&gt; Even if I wanted to train my palate to taste it right now I cannot. Am I reading this correctly that you personally cannot taste THP? Or is this statement just in the general sense?
Correct. Just got back home and saw this.
OP. Please take a look at our [rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/atlbeer/about/rules). "Beer porn" pics aren't allowed as top-level posts here. Feel free to post stuff like this in our daily threads.
Good stuff, congrats!
Thanks!
We have several Q2Us in the studio and like them a lot. I have a Blue Yeti at home where I use it solo in a quiet room/home studio. It works really well in this setting.
Thanks for asking this, definitely something I want to be able to do.
Will do!
All of them, or at least almost all of them. Check the sidebar (or the This Week in Georgia Beer post) for special events.
Or SweetWater?
What mic are you using?
[OP's trophy room.](https://i.imgur.com/hjOEQmc.jpg)
The "Something Different" categories were beers that didn't fit in any of the other categories. I think we called this "Everything Else" last year. We have to figure how to break up categories into something meaningful, but still manageable. Best Lager was new this year, because in past year's we didn't have enough lagers in the state for this to be it's own category. For the Wild/Sour category... We lump those together because the voting for this goes out to a lot of people that aren't craft beer nerds, and don't really know the differences in a true sour vs kettle sour. We may split that next year if we can find a way to explain the difference in the categories and still get good results in the nominations. I think this gives a decent overall snapshot of Georgia beer, but we're already looking at ways to make this better next year.
Ask Jay to drop us an email, we'd love to have him on a future homebrewing show. beerguysATbeerguysradioDOTcom.
I hear ya. We talked a lot about these categories and some of the ones we would have liked to see make the lists. Hopefully exposing people to IPLs and kettle sours can encourage more exploration into lagers and sours in general.
We had this same question last year regarding Monday Night Garage. We decided if it's a new location/brewhouse/beers/etc. then we'd allow them in the New Brewery category.
It's a heavily fruited berliner weisse with lactose. They've done a few "volumes" of this one and, because of the win in these awards, they'll be brewing another batch of Vol. 1 in the new year.
We don't say much about those that didn't make the Top 3 but I'll share this... In the Best New Sour category Splodey SCB was in 5th, just behind Lord Fog. 0.5% separated 3rd and 5th, and less than 3% separated 1st and 5th. Voting was extremely close in a lot of these categories. Plus, Variant *did* win 3rd for best overall brewery.
We went up for their grand opening and really enjoyed it. The beers were solid and they mentioned the tweaks that they wanted to make to get them better. I need to get back up there.
I mean, that sounds right to me.
Yes, Southern Brewing. I don't think this will go to stores. We (r/ATLbeer) brewed a collaboration with them about a year ago, a barrel-fermented wild ale, and it's almost ready for a release. They're going to host a release party for us so stay tuned here on the sub for details.
Yep, go ahead.
If you count gypsy brewers (3?), there are 96 breweries and brewpubs open in GA right now. With Best End, Bold Monk, Wild Heaven, Halfway Crooks, and Sceptre all getting very close we'll cross the 100 mark soon.
Yep! Take that, suckers!
[Just updated today...](https://beerguysradio.com/georgia-beer/georgia-breweries/)
I saw they did a few collabs but wasn's sure if they'd actually put out any as Athentic.
I said gypsy, but some of these may be contracting at a single spot. Firewater Brewing, Khonso Brewing, and Down Home Brewing.
Got this reported as business spam. Bathtub is a local place and they did post here once before. We don't specifically have any rules against sharing Kickstarters, so we'll let the community decide the post's fate.
STATS and Max Lager's are brewpubs not too far from Centennial Park, STATS is just across the street. Torched Hop isn't too far and it's a favorite right now. Monday Night Brewing, Orpheus, Three Taverns, Wrecking Bar, nad Atlanta Brewing Co. are all great and would be worth a visit. Wrecking Bar is one of my favorites to hit if I can only take friends to one spot. Cool location, great beer and food. It's also walking distance to The Porter, which is a world-class beer bar.
Make sure to complete the special Summer Edition SATWD Challenge.
Yes. Dry County is a licensed distillery and brewery.
My understanding is that they are not actually distilling on site yet. They get spirits and blend/package there. Is that right, /u/gacraftbrewer?
Monday Night is a great brewery. All of those are solid beers. They have two locations in Atlanta. The "original" brewery that does a lot of their hoppy stuff and The Garage where they do their barrel-aged stuff. If you ever get a chance to pick up some of the stuff from their Garage collection I highly recommend it.
Locally I think this would be closest to a porter. Some of the other options we have are pretty heavy but this one isn't quite so beastly.
Morning, guys. Both of these puns are terrible. Thanks.
https://i.imgur.com/OQSdX1r.gif
TL;DR: The beer is excellent, the food is excellent, some beer has been sent to distro. Plans are to open soon after Father's Day but no official date set yet.
* Bibo Pilsner * 3T Saporous * Black Tuesday (If I'm stuck alone on an island I'm going to need something like this.)
People get answers by asking questions, that's what the sub is here for. Not everyone lives and breathes craft beer.
&gt; I can answer your questions. AMA &gt; &gt; What happened? &gt; &gt; It's complicated. Thanks for the insight. :)
Haven't been to Slow Pour in a bit so I'm heading over today to check out their Simple Southernality fest. I think lunch at Good Word is going to have to happen.
FWIW it’s pretty well-covered here. Much more room than I realized.
Wow! I spent nearly every Sunday at Atlanta BeerGarten back in the late 90s, I think around '98? They'd play 99x's Resurrection Sunday out there. Good times.
I hope you enjoyed the beer, Gramps.
All of the taps were Slow Pour taps but none of them were slow pour taps. Sad.
👉 🤛
https://media.giphy.com/media/70XsBU9ak52ww/giphy.gif
I refuse to believe this is real.
Get you some Saporous, Stu.
I'm all aboard the propaganda train if there's a crawfish boil and some homebrew at the end of the line.
LPT: Three Taverns is doing a Father's Day weekend deal of $2 off to-go beer, makes a 6er of Saporous $8. OR... a case for $30. I *think* the case deal is good for any mix of 6ers.
I mean... their name and website **are** on the pic that OP posted.
[This](https://i.imgur.com/HovEDPd.jpg) is what was on at the preview a couple of week's ago, I'd imagine it's close to this.
We went to the preview. Food and beer are fantastic. Supper Ale is basically a Table Beer. The Built on Ashes is a great, easy-drinker.
Halfway Crooks is doing a media preview tomorrow so they should be opening pretty soon.
I don't put these on the weekly email because there are so many that do trivia. Check the full calendar in the sidebar and it will have them listed.
I was planning to implement this but now that you want it I'm not going to.
You. Are. Welcome.
I wasn't sure if they were open or not. I left HC about 8:15 and looked in but there was just one person assembling a mop in there.
#neverforget
They did a media preview and a friends and family preview. Waiting on one more permit to officially open. A few of us that went to preview events posted about them.
MOBB DEEEEEP!
Saw the first one is coming. It sounds like it's going to be a series of collabs called the Push Cart Series. https://www.brewbound.com/news/new-realm-brewing-company-partners-with-king-of-pops-on-push-cart-series
Man, this takes me back. It's been a while since I've gone into a good Trop-rage.
Nice try. We're not giving you all three taverns for just one brewery.
Hey /u/LineCreeekPTC. In the future please make sure you identify your brewery in your post title. Thanks.
Lars has some really cool stuff on his blog.
Post removed. OP, please read our rules. Thanks. &gt; IMAGE POSTS &gt; Posts &amp; Comments &gt; Reported as: Disallowed content &gt; Any "beer porn" pics should be posted in the daily or weekly threads. Pics posted as a top-level post should be informational or foster discussion. &gt; &gt; "What? Why not?" - With over 8,000 subscribers if we allowed these posts as top-level posts they would take over the sub. This has been evidenced on many other forums/FB Groups/subreddits. We love beer pics, too. We just don't want them to be 90% of our posts.
With Indio opening and Halfway Crooks soon we'll be at 98 breweries and brewpubs in Georgia.
As long as we haven't completed that Alabama trade with /u/sockdologer, then yes.
sweethomealabama.mp3
I'll second LD's Beer Run, plus Hops &amp; Habanas as solid beer stores. The Pig &amp; Pint has good BBQ and a nice beer selection if you haven't discovered it yet. Jackson is a rough town for craft beer. I have a lot of family in the area and it is solidly my 3rd least favorite town. :)
Many years ago I was at a video shoot for the band [Manowar's Blow Your Speakers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjGf1JiZkKY). They had half a dozen or so actors there for close-ups then all of us there for the "crowd" shot. The video was shot at a racetrack and they had us stand by the stage and also sit in the stands. They would move us around and pack us into an area to make the crowd seem bigger than it was.
This is one of the strangest things I've seen and they always seem to be having a blast. I've been at Wrecking Bar's anniversary the last couple of years when they've come through.
I thought they got that all as an open container area, or at least they were planning to. Talking with the MNB guys when the Garage first opened they mentioned how cool it was going to be to walk around having a drink and go from one brewery to the other. Who chastised you? Some random person?
OK. Weird.
If you thought Three Taverns under one roof was crazy wait til you see [what's going down in Huntsville](https://www.al.com/business/2019/12/4-alabama-breweries-teaming-up-for-new-brewpub-kitchen.html).
This is unacceptable. I would like to speak to the manager.
I mean.... you guys literally got like a 500 billion sqft building for this kind of thing, Aaron.
We did a show at Dry County last night for the Bottleshare benefit. They presented a check for $15,000 to Phillip Barnes' widow. I've seen many times how the craft beer community pulls together to help each other, and I think it's absolutely awesome every single time.
I used to do FB live shows but stopped. We got excellent interaction from those and it led to more engagement after the show as well. One tricky thing with that is you really need someone just to monitor the FB live stream. We record our show in segments, so we'd do our segments then chat some with the FB live folks before moving on to the next segment.
In separate locations? If so, there's still a way to do it. I think OBS is one software people use, you feed your sources into OBS then use the output from that for the live feed. I think it works with FB live.
The brewer at Fractal used to be with Rocket Republic. They're coming to Atlanta in a couple of weeks to join us on Beer Guys Radio. I haven't tried any of their stuff yet but RR has been one of my favorite Huntsville breweries.
Yes. I use an [adapter cable](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00ZKM3SHK/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_search_asin_title?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1) from the line out. Works great.
Yep. https://www.firstcoastnews.com/article/life/food/first-coast-brews/brunswick-georgia-brewery-for-sale/77-7398fac2-8306-46cc-9650-74afd00efce8
We have a different one. I forget which one. We had a PreSonus that died on us in the middle of a show and just ran to the nearest store and bought another!
*The sky darkens* *Children weep*
I'm on Chrome using old Reddit and I can't see the downvote arrow. I'm sure with the changes to everything the feature is broken in a lot of places. Oh well.
I'm totally serious!
There's a beer festival at Bold Monk in West Midtown tomorrow but I think they'll still be open for normal customers as well. They have a large covered hallway/entryway with tables and couches. So you could sit in the rain and have a drink but not be "in" the rain.
I’m not with Reformation, just sharing the info.
Halloween special?
Who stayed at ACAT long enough for the blackout? About 5:30 lights went out and stayed out. Pretty chaotic for a while then they had to boot everyone out. I was disappointed I didn't get to have dinner at The Monk. Outside of the blackout I had a great time and enjoyed every beer I tried. Best End's ESB, Stillfire's English Barleywine, /u/daddylawman's coffee/vanilla milk stout, and Eighth State's sour with blueberry, lemon, cinnamon, and marshmallow we a few favorites.
&gt; Kudos to the volunteers who kept pouring after the lights went out. I finally heard someone yell, "DO NOT POUR ANY MORE BEER!" Haters.
[Here ya go.](https://www.mynewsletterbuilder.com/email/newsletter/1414294180)
KR Steakbar would fit your requirements. We did a birthday party there a few years ago and really enjoyed it.
I refuse to go here because they killed my hot dog place.
Is this video supposed to have sound? It does not for me. Anyone else?
I record at beer fests a lot, here are my tips... 1) Make sure to use headphones, not only does it help you hear others but it helps keep you from yelling into the mic. 2) Sample the room at the beginning of your recording and you can remove that noise in post if it's too much. 3) You can record a track of *just* room noise as well, then add that back in at whatever volume works for you to capture the ambiance of the trade show. 4) Make sure they do not set you up next to a live band, PA announcer, or anything else like that. FWIW, my travel kit is a Zoom H6, 4x Samson Q2Us, a headphone amp, 3x headphones, splitter cable to run line-out from the H6 to the amp, large portable battery pack to run the H6. This has served me well at several loud events.
No worries, I think I get the idea!
Sterling SHA4, it's about the size of a large sandwich. I'm not a big fan of it actually as it doesn't quite get loud enough. I had a Pre-Sonus one before that I liked and it was about the same size.
[AB dropping an $85M upgrade on the Cartersville brewery.](https://patch.com/georgia/cartersville/anheuser-busch-announces-85-million-cartersville-expansion)
That was my thoughts on it as well. The one I had was a bit old and showed some age, but just tasted like a lightly smoked, lighter beer. Not offensive, not delicious, but decent.
Are you comparing Sam Adams to Budweiser? They're one of the big ones, but they are still independent and technically a craft brewer, and they still do a ton for the craft beer community. Also... Boston Beer Co. / Sam Adams owns Truly Hard Seltzer, Angry Orchard Cider, Twisted Tea, a kombucha line, and a few other things.
There may be 19k breweries in the BA database, but people only added 65k new unique beers. Probably a ton of beers that just never got added to BA.
Someone mentioned to me at ACAT but didn't have any more info than they heard they were coming.
https://old.reddit.com/r/podcasting/comments/eolp2s/anybody_have_any_experience_with_podcorn/?st=k5i5dfoi&amp;sh=3d6da085
The article was firewalled (BizChronicle) but it sounds like SweetWater has obtained a distillery license.
That's insane. ^^^in ^^^the ^^^brain.
I have a Gen1 Alexa that definitely seems to be going deaf. My bigger issue is that Echo in general seems to be getting worse and worse at actually understanding and executing commands. I'll ask simple questions and they answer something totally unrelated, they struggle to launch apps on my TV. I'll say, "Open PlutoTV on Vizio Smartcast" (Which is what it says back to me when it works) and will get something like "I have a few skills that might work." So I just repeat it a couple more times. Also, I'd like to be able to disable the responses that start, "According to another Amazon customer..." because they are almost always not what I'm looking for, and I don't give a shit what someone else's opinion is on a specific question.
Mine too. I can hold a buffalo wing mini drum and she'll eat it like a person would, pulling the meat off the bone. By the time she's done her eyes are watering, she's drooling everywhere, and her nose is running. But she loves them.
Calm down and read the post again ya doorknob.
&gt; Even internally? I have a friend that works for one of the big accounting firms. A large part of her job is reviewing all internal and external correspondence to make sure it all matches corporate requirements. Like there are certain phrases that must be used as opposed to others, and the way company titles/slogans/brands are worded. They want to ingrain this stuff as much with employees as they do customers.
You just spending the one night in Bangkok?
What exactly are you asking here? The question is way too broad to answer.
I've been to Glover Park twice and was thoroughly unimpressed both times. Ironmonger in Marrietta has upped their game a lot, their You Have Feelings IPA is killer, and the new taproom is really nice. (Disclosure: I have a studio inside Ironmonger and we are partners.) Kennesaw has Dry County and Burnt Hickory, both have some tasty beers and kind of depends on what vibe you want. BHB is very "punk rock in your buddy's basement" and Dry County is more of a 20-somethings hanging out crowd. Tossing location aside... Variant in Roswell, Cherry Street, Three Taverns, Monday Night, Atlanta Brewing Co, Orpheus are all excellent. For brewpubs Wrecking Bar is always excellent and the new Bold Monk is very nice. If you head down to to West End at Lee +White you have Monday Night Garage, Wild Heaven, ASW Distillery, Hop City and Boxcar, Southern Cultured Kombucha, and Best End Brewing all in one complex.
As a mod I was a bit scared seeing so many new posts in a short period.
One of us! One of us!
I've got a funny "The List" story. Years ago I was hanging and drinking with some friends and we start the "Who would you pick for your hall pass?" discussion. We go around and it's typical Brad Pitt, ScarJo, etc. Then it gets to my buddy's wife and she says, "Jamie." Jamie is our friend, and he's right there with us. My buddy is like, "WTF?! Jamie?! It's supposed to be a celebrity! Like someone you'd never run into!" She just said, "Well, you didn't specify that."
I don't know... but my buddy and his wife did end up divorced!
I mean, she told him she wouldn't get upset!
I don't think this fest is one that is big for brewers/owners to attend. Should be some reps there for sure. We have several breweries under construction now. [Here's a recent, but not totally current list.](https://beerguysradio.com/2019/03/01/georgia-breweries-brewery-2019/) I'll be posting a 2020 version soon.
It's always a special moment to be around when a new meme is born.
Yep, hit Two Tides. I know they've done some sour/wild stuff. I also enjoyed Coastal Empire but don't think they had any sours going.
&gt; And definitely looking forward to trying more of the area’s beer. This fest will do a great job giving you a broad overview of what we have in Georgia. A few of our standouts are Monday Night, Three Taverns, Orpheus, Variant, Cherry Street, Atlanta Brewing, Torched Hop, Wrecking Bar, and I'm sure I'm forgetting a few. Also, I just saw that Printer's Ale in Carrollton is looking for a new Brewmaster, and I think Line Creek was looking not long ago as well.
With much sadness and under Dr's orders, I can't partake in a stout share this weekend. If I feel up to it I'll be at the SouperBowl and if y'all are partying I'll definitely pop in and cry over your beers for a minute.
&gt; Doctor here https://i.imgur.com/YxhCJAR.jpg
Noted. I've edited my post.
Interesting choice with the Kolibri hops, have you made pickles with those before? I'm curious how well they work in a pickle. I did some hopped pickles before and my friends went nuts of them. I should do some more soon.
Cool. My fav to use based on past experience is Sorachi Ace, the lemon-dill character works really well. Cheers!
Not sure their availability right now but http://caglesfamilyfarm.com/ is an educational farm with "Meet the Animals" trips. They're up in Ballground.
Oh man, props to you, that was a good one.
Does anyone here know of a doctor in the Atlanta area that specializes in alcohol's effects on the body, or is at least extremely well-versed on that topic? I'd like someone that isn't a teetotaler, but can speak to any benefits of moderate consumption as well as negative impacts of excessive consumption.
I saw this yesterday and there were a lot of folks on FB with a lot of nasty things to say. I know the folks at Currahee and I'd be extremely surprised if this was intentionally done to make a far right statement. Maybe I've missed something but if you're brazen enough to put that on a label then it's not like you try to hide how you feel. I know Boogaloo for good ol' breakdancing movies and other songs about dancing. I'm not sure I would have thought to research more, but I guess you really should if what you're using has any kind of political meaning.
There is a lot of controversy around Black Out Tuesday right now. Many people are saying it's drowning out the good info and others say they don't know or agree with the people that organized it. I found out about it today and shared it on our BGR page and then saw the commentary about it. Breweries frequently schedule posts in advance. Some people may not even have seen this yet, or don't know what it's about. It's one hashtag trend and judging a brewery (or anyone) on whether or not they are participating in that seems like a very judgmental thing to do.
&gt; Easy Fermenter lids With those is a weight not necessary since the O2 is removed? I assume that takes away (or at least strongly minimizes) the risk of mold?
I ain't gonna lie, this sounds horrid.
Who's had the latest batch of Mexican Cake? I liked it this year. Chocolate and roast forward, a touch of vanilla, cinnamon/spice after that, heat kind of comes in at the finish. Pretty well-balanced this year IMO.
It's kinda nice that some of the whales of year's past are easier to get now. Casually grab them if I see them rather than chasing them.
I always love new RTJ. If you haven't checked it out, the Spotify Sessions album recorded at SXSW is pretty awesome.
DISCUSSION: Is the West Coast IPA making a comeback??? I've talked to a few brewers lately that are featuring West Coast IPAs again. Nick at DSSOLVR said the style is definitely regaining popularity. New Realm just announced their Jacked 'Squatch WCDIPA. Are the #bitterboyz back in town?
None of them. :) Not a WC fan, I was pretty happy when NEIPA became a thing.
No doubt the haze is still on top. Maybe we'll get to a point where NE and West have the same popularity?
Pikas aren't mice/rodents. They're a *lagomorph*, like hares and rabbits. https://www.britannica.com/animal/pika
I won't try to give you advice on how much is safe, but I will say that too much can be unsafe. Please do some research on that before going full-bore on the homemade kraut.
I was just thinking the same thing. Not sure why something like this is always so hard for many people. Like when someone cuts you off in traffic then *they* get mad at *you*! Madness.
Thanks. I thought Katz might be what I'm looking for now. Heck, I may just go ahead and get both!
Hey Y'all, we had Kirby Garrison, co-owner and head brewer at Monkey Town, on our show this week. We talked about the interesting and weird history of Dayton, the Jackson Pollock period of craft beer, lagers being cool again, and more. Check it out!
Definitely interested in miso. Was just watching Brad's video where he dehyrdates miso, kimchi, and kraut then grinds it into popcorn seasoning and that got me wanting to play with miso.
Bummed about this one as I really enjoyed visitng Tap &amp; Six. The post is a FB image so I can't copy/paste the text for non-FB folks. However, their last day will be June 14th.
;(
I made a quart of pickles recently and shared with a couple of friends. They were so good that we polished them off in about an hour, along with a loaf of my friend's homemade herbs de provence focaccia. The kicker is that I never write down my recipes so I can't repeat it when something comes out great. I just toss in whatever spices I have around at the time. I'm trying to rectify that and I'm on a mission to make the world's best fermented pickle. So, the recipe here is.... FERMENTED PICKLES * 3 1/2 lbs pickling cucumbers / fresh pickles * 2 ea Habaneros, split, seeds in * 6 ea large cloves of garlic, crushed * 6 ea bay leaves * 1 Tbsp ea * - Red chili flakes * - Black peppercorns * - Mustard seeds * - Dried dill Cover with 3.5% brine, ferment at 72°F. (My quart batch had 4.5% brine and I felt it was a bit too salty, looks like 3.5% is about as low as they recommend for cucumbers, so I'm trying that.)
The last batch was quick, 4 days in and they were perfect.
Hit Drowned Valley and BHB yesterday... Drowned Valley has a really nice spot and I enjoyed their beers. Lemondrop SMASH IPA was good, Experimental Pale Ale #1 was really good (I think they said primarily Cascade in this one), and their coffee blonde was great. WOW, CANS! Lots of them at BHB. I drank a ton of the Berliners and they are killing it with these. Carrot Berliner? I tried it just to give /u/il_duce_brewski hell for a silly beer, but it was really good. Apple Pie, Tropical, Coconut Creme, Watermelon-Cherry... all great.
Thanks, Dean! Cheers!
NEIPA is ingredient selection and process. The desired result *should* be a very low bitterness, hazy beer with a lot of tropical/fruity flavors and aromas and a smooth mouthfeel. IMO when they are done right they are excellent. The timing of hops additions, the type of hops used, other additions (like oats), and yeast selection all impact the end result. It seems there is still a lot of variance in what brewers choose to call a NEIPA. Because we've been kind of Wild West here in America, they get by with it. I've also seen brewers avoiding the NEIPA style name and instead saying something like Hazy IPA (which tells you jack squat IMO) or Juicy IPA. When the style first hit GA many brewers started brewing them without ever trying them. The result was a lot of missed shots and a ton of hybrid IPAs - like every-so-slightly hazy and juicy with a bracing bitterness. These even have another subset with smoothie and milkshake beers from fruit and lactose additions.
LOL, no it isn't. ETA: I have lived in the south, including the rural South, for 35 years. I've lived in AR, GA, and MS, and traveled extensively throughout AL and LA as well. In those 35 years, not one single time has anyone mentioned eating horse. Not one single time have I been offered horse meat. It is absolutely NOT common to eat horse meat in the south. I have been offered,or eaten: squirrel, rabbit, possum, raccoon, deer, crawfish, and beaver, but never horse.
I went to get a haircut on Friday and didn't have a mask. They took me in, put me in the seat, put the cape on, and *then* asked if I had one. I didn't and she said I'd have to hold a towel over my face the whole time. I tried for a second and decided I didn't want to do that and left, but I went back Sat with my mask and a got a cut. I understand why they're doing it, but there were 3 other people in there and only one had a mask. LPT: If you've had coronavirus and are healthy again, telling people that to make them feel better about you not having a mask works 0% of the time. :)
FACTS
YES! A few years ago Trinity Brewing did a series called "The Magical Brettanomyces Tour" and I got a few bottles of various strains. Would have loved to try the whole series but wasn't able to get them. https://draftmag.com/brett-geeks-come-ride-trinitys-magical-brettanomyces-tour/
Isn't it only illegal if you were to give it to them based on WHO they voted for? It's cool for a brewery to give away a beer, right? Is the issue that you have to do *something* to get a free beer?
I asked the guys at Drowned Valley about this and it sounds like they may go with another name, possibly Erwin &amp; Church Brewing. So keep an eye out for either of those. /u/WHLung
Interesting. Sounds like it's illegal but the law generally doesn't do anything about it. I know I see freebies and promotions every election.
Yep! Wayne has wanted to open a brewery for years. He'd frequently have some stuff on at fests. Glad he finally made it happen, I need to get over to check them out.
Thanks for the info. I've actually considered both options as I do have a few GoPros already. Do you know the main diference in the ATEM Mini and the Mini Pro? Looks like the Mini may just be for streaming, no recording? Do you know if my GoPros would work for sources?
Why would I use Skype?
Where are you from? In the US those two phrases have the same meaning. Depending on context, quiet can mean little noise or complete silence. Per Google: &gt; adjective &gt; 1. &gt; making little **or no** noise. Also: &gt; verb NORTH AMERICAN &gt; make or become **silent**, calm, or still. &gt; *"there are ways of quieting kids down"* &gt;
My show is on the radio and we use a syndication manager to attract new affiliates and actually serve our show. Most decent size stations will use a satellite service to get their shows each week, kind of like a big DVR for radio stations. Some may prefer FTP, especially smaller stations. There are monthly fees for syndication and you'd likely to have to change the format of your show to fit a radio clock - our "1-hour" show is in segments of 10:00, 10:00, 10:00 and 10:50, for example.. Some stations work on a barter basis where you get air time at no cost and they get a portion of your ad time. That's the 1,000' view, feel free to PM me with any questions.
Actually, no. Personality was the part that was missing.
Looks like Strange Duck Brewing is open for growler fills. Anyone here been by yet?
Thanks! Really fun guys to talk with. We need to get up there and brew with them!
Once they get the taproom open I'll have to run up there. I still need to get to Tantrum, too.
He's low key following you around the country.
They've been open a few years, Aug. 2017.
You mean /u/brewersix ? :) EDIT: Oh hell, he deleted his account. Used to be a regular here. Did I miss something... anyone know what's up?
That would be a tragedy.
I'm almost sure I remember him talking about getting a Peloton at one point so I'd bet it's the same person.
I just traded some messages with Joran. They had two windows smashed but no injuries or other damage. He said a lot of other businesses there also had damage, looks like your video confirms that.
Not a bad idea to purge a bit. Congrats on your Peloton success. :)
I've always washed my fruits and pitched a yeast rather than fermenting with the wild yeasts.
Find a Berliner Weisse beer, give the kraut a quick rinse, then cook it in a bit of the Berliner. The beer has that same lacto tartness as a good kraut. Make sure to get a straight Berliner and not one with added fruit!
For my region it's got to be pickled okra. I'm in the American South and although it's usually available across the country okra is definitely viewed as a southern thing. I just eat them like a regular pickle!
Copy/pasting this from r/podcasting... HELP! This is an ongoing on issue that I've addressed with Zencastr several times. Although they have been helpful, they have not been able to offer any solutions. I've tried A LOT of things to fix it, with no luck. The issue(s): * While using Zencastr it will stop feeding audio to me. I can see the wave moving on the screen, it successfully records the audio but I cannot hear my guest. We have to stop, refresh the session, and restart. * This escalated where, for the last two weeks, it completely kills all audio out on my computer. Meaning when it "glitches" no audio plays from Zencastr, Spotify, YouTube, etc. Fixing it requires a restart of my computer. * Also, this week, audio recorded all on my co-hosts mic. I could hear my audio fine in the headphones (straight from the L12 mixer) but it did not record in Zencastr. * I tried Squadcast once and it dropped our audio several time, about every 2 minutes. **Other info:** * Everything works fine if I record locally with Adobe Audition. * Zencastr suggested it might be a "VoIP connectivity issue" (I could see a VoIP issue occasionally but not for literally every guest.) * I bought a new computer specifically for my studio to try and fix this. I stripped it down to where it is only Chrome and Adobe Audition on the machine, we always run Chrome with no plug-ins active. * My internet connection is : 600 Down, 500 Up 0% packet loss, 11 ms latency. (I'm close to these numbers every time I test.) **What I've tried to fix it:** * Bought a brand new computer specifically for the studio (Dell G5 15-5590, Win 10 (all current updates), 8GB RAM, i5 @ 4.1 GHz, 256 GB SSD, 1 TB HDD) * A new USB cable * Running in Firefox instead of Chrome * After my most recent issues (last night) updated drivers and Firmware on the Zoom. However, I have not had a chance to test this extensively and won't be able to get back in my studio for a few days so I wanted to get some other suggestions. * Begging it to work * Swearing at it and threatening it with violence ANY help at all is greatly appreciated, the issue was bad enough this week that it cost me a new episode.
I did the same not long ago, still an amazing beer.
I just did some nectarines and put one on a scoop of vanilla ice cream then sprinkled with a bit of cinnamon and it was delicious. I bet these would be, too. I bet something like a cobbler or crisp with femented berries would be amazing.
I'll check that but the thing that makes me think that isn't the issue is that it all works fine in Audition, so it's not losing the connection to the device. Perhaps it's different since we're in a browser as opposed to directly to the app.
I'm not using Audition when I record in Zencastr. I can record a backup on the Zoom's SD card but that doesn't fix the issue of not being able to hear my guest in Zencastr.
See, that's what I wondered. I see people praising it all the time online, and Zencastr constantly talks up all the upgrades they're making. I'm just not sure of another solution to do what I want to do. I don't want to mess with Craig because I don't use Discord, I always get that recommended. This is easy from the guest's end as they just click a link. I'd happily switch to Squadcast as others seem to be fans of that as well, but it didn't work for me at all and when I wrote for support they were no help at all. I just can't seem to find a good, reliable, clear, stable solution for hosting remote guests.
Thanks for the info!
I can't get a pic right now but I can answer this.... * A photograph of the cable connections on the L-12 Mic/Line 1-4, Rode Podmics via XLR cables Phones A-E headphones connected Back of panel: Power to DC in and USB connected to Device * A description of what is connected to what, where, how, and why Mostly explained above USB out is going to the Dell computer outlined in my OP * The rear-switch configuration of the L-12 I'm actually not sure on this one * Is your USB cable 2.0, 3.0, or other? What about the connected ports on the PC? Not sure on the cable, all ports on the PC are 3.0 * Are you using a virtual mixer such as Voicemeeter? We are not * Are you running any sound from the computer back to the Zoom via USB? If so, are you using tracks 9/10, 11/12, or both? Yes we are, but I'm not sure on the second part of your question RE: 9/10 or 11/12. I think it's both, but not 100% there. * Are you plugging any connections to tracks 1 &amp; 2 on the Zoom? Two of our Podmics are connected to 1 and 2.
Any suggestions for our situation? I can spend a bit but don't want to go crazy. A Comrex unit was suggested but it looks like those start around $4k.
Thanks for the info, I'll check that out when back in the studio. I found out the hard way about the issues with the USB connection to PC. I was unaware that web-based apps could not accept multitrack input when I bought the mixer, I didn't even think to check that. As you mentioned, my co-host and I are on a single track when we use Zencastr.
Louisiana as a whole is it's own unique animal.
Removed. Buying/selling/trading are banned by Reddit sitewide.
I expected much more out of this GIF.
Many years ago I lived in AR and had a friend move there from Utah. We were in our early 20s and enjoyed bonfire parties on the banks of the Mississippi. One night we were out and my buddy (looking at the woods) says, "What are those blinking yellow lights?" Me... "What? The fireflies?" He paused a second and then said, "No f'ing way! They're real? Fireflies are REAL?! I thought they were just something in children's books!!!" He was pretty buzzed at the time and ended up dancing in a field singing about "chilling with the fireflies." I can imagine that would be a pretty crazy realization in your 20s.
Yeah. I see ratings on a lot of these 100ish calorie IPAs and tons of people comment on how light and thin they are. Yeah, that's what you're going to get at 90-110 calories.
I know this is a joke but... It has to do with the license they get when they open, so even with restaurant service they would still, by law, be a brewery.
I did a mead with vanilla and lavender and it was excellent. Maybe a vanilla lavender soda?
So liquor stores got added back into this. That's good. However, someone (u/regneva?)commented in another post that maybe brewpubs would slide through as restaurants. I don't see it in the bill but I'm told that they were specifically excluded as "manufacturers". That bucks what the law says re:licensing, but I'm told that's the case here.
Halfway Crooks Ada SweetWater Guide Beer Creature Comforts Bibo and Classic City Lager Fire Maker Way Down Yonder Ironmonger Rugby ATL Lager and Socially Distanced Tucker TKR Pilsner Arches.. lots of them... Lloyd's, Southside, Mexican Empire. Burnt Hickory The Revival I'm sure there are others I'm forgetting that are good, but these are some of my favorites.
Updated the list of breweries coming to / opened in GA this this year. Let me know if there's anything I need to add or change. https://beerguysradio.com/2020/02/28/georgia-breweries-brewery-2020/
Thanks for the info. That could very well be the new name for 1984, there are a lot of breweries that have a different company name than what the brewery name is. I'll get them on the list.
Imaginarium, for sure. With the folks behind Biggerstaff I'm looking forward to that one as well. Sabbath and Outrun, too.
I talked with them a few months ago and I know they wanted Chamblee but IIRC they had to look at another area, or they found a deal in another area. Don't quote me there. I need to get a more recent update from them and will let you know what I find out.
It's an ATL beer meme based on some silly stuff Wicked Weed said a while back.
We've ordered from them 3x and it was mostly an in and out situation, and that's been on a Saturday.
Right. Breweries and brewpubs are excluded from this bill.
Thanks!
This doesn't apply to shipped packages. Anything that would normally come USPS, FedEx, or UPS is still not allowed.
Science is liar sometimes.
I have one of these in a chest freezer that I use for beer. The highest I've taken it is 35C/95F, but it held that just fine.
I had Low Poly Pils from Brahmari this weekend. It's a top tier #crispyboy.
There are some major contenders I still need to hit to but, of the places I've been to, I really like Denver. Lots of quality beer, nice scenery, good food, chill people.
