It is shitty bourbon
WE GET TO SING THE TYJO SONG AGAIN!!!
Corpse Silo
He's primarily been licensing his name for the past few decades anyway. The amount of physical assets (hotels and such) he owns isn't as high as people think.
You're not wrong. I'm working from home today as I'm getting my fence replaced. Poor fence guy is out there in a snow suit, basically.
Someone should start a thread here to avoid that upcoming ugliness.
His salary is a pittance compared to his golf expenses. They're not comparable.
I've been saying this for the past year. I just want to live long enough to read the books and watch the documentaries, because we're only seeing the tip of the iceberg of crazy.
If you think Amalie is bad, never go to the ACC.
At least he was trying to practice good hygiene? I think I'll keep to my tranny hookers and serial killers.
Bye, Felicia.
"I asked him to resign, and he finally agreed. The FAKE NEWS reported incorrectly that I wanted him to run again."
Flying in and out of Montreal in Winter is a disaster for passengers, too. Hated that shit.
I'm guessing there won't be too many Trump cultists wanting to read this book after Donny finds out what Steve-o said and gets on Twitter. This book is aimed towards the Briebart audience that *aren't* part of Cult 45.
He's all of those things. He also wants to create chaos. Which is why he's doing this.
FWIW, Barrack is already out there saying he never said that and the author of the book didn't run the quote by him before publishing. So we know where the line of pushback is gonna be on this story.
Trump apparently believes Bannon said these things, even though Steve-o is claiming it's false or 'taken out of context'. Either that or Trump wants to publicly fight with Bannon for some other reason. Once again proving Trump is only loyal to Trump. Everyone in his orbit would do well to remember that. He will throw anyone under the bus to save his own skin/image.
Melania still wants that prenup money.
God the writing of those cretins is so horrible. Thanks for going there so the rest of us don't have to endure it.
Trump's not that clever. Could absolutely be a move by Bannon to distance himself from what's coming for Trump, though. That part where Bannon says Mueller is going to get Trump on money laundering? Yeah, that's been easy to see for a long time and is the most likely way things end for the Trump mafia family. He doesn't want to be anywhere near the Trumps when that goes down.
He apparently golfed with Boehner and donated to his campaign prior to this, at least from what I read on Twitter. I'd believe it.
The doubling down on the Access Hollywood tapes and threatening to sue his sexual assault accusers had me thinking the same thing.
Valid. My Russian is pretty shite these days.
Yeah, that was my bad.
Also Prague is in the Schengen zone, so it's possible - even likely - he wouldn't have stamps. Unless he flew directly to Czech Republic.
See also: Bill Maher
Not me! I think /u/scp333 has been doing them.
YOU SAY 'FUNNY', I SAY I HAVE TO LIVE WITH HIM.
No.
Reagan 100%.
Well his second wife was American, but that marriage was a mess from day 1 and she cheated on him with her bodyguard. LOL. That must have dinged the ole' ego a bit.
There won't be a mental component to the examination. Even if something physical is found (with his diet/activity it's not unpossible), I seriously doubt we'll get the truth.
Cally likely back: https://twitter.com/TBTimes_JSmith/status/948947531723141122
As I can't drink (or smoke!) on the job, I'll need to pin that one for later.
It's a cult of personality. They're not following him for any ideology outside of 'Trump is God Emperor'.
"tastes like chicken"
&gt; To get it back down to sub-$1 levels, they would have to strike down a ton of regulations and simply not give a shit about safety or the environment. So...we're going back down to .99 cent gas?
LOL. I hadn't even thought about that, but you are 100% right. "Wolff should thank me, because I made him very popular. He sold a lot of books about me."
Eh...the Belgians went without a government for a year and a half. You'll be fine.
One of the guys interviewed for the book, Sam Nunberg, was just on MSNBC. He basically said 'Wolff may have exaggerated my statements a bit and got the dateline slightly wrong in one section, but this is the spirit of what I said'. He didn't find enough fault to really dispute his portrayal in the book, especially about Donald's *ahem* intellectual prowess. This is the guy who called Trump a 'fucking fool' and tried to teach Trump about the constitution in the exceprt. He also confirmed the interviews were taped.
It's late in Moscow.
Man, fuck the Habs but fuck our defense more. We deserved to lose that one.
Habsband said it was the best game he's seen them play all season. They *really* wanted this win, coming off a 5 game losing streak.
I seriously doubt Trump has a basic understanding of the Constitution, but shouldn't there be a higher standard than that for the President? How can you swear to uphold a document you aren't extremely familiar with?
I really hope, moving forward, we take more time to vet potential candidates for familiarity with the law and civics. I'm talking Schoolhouse Rock stuff, here. Since a large portion of main party candidates had come from either the political sphere or had other legal experience, we kind of took for granted that they *knew* the basics. No more. We can't assume shit if the country is willing to elect a Reality Show star with limited-to-no vetting.
If you believe gossip, the head of security for the Tiffany's in Trump Tower.
Considering Trump has spent decades attacking people's personal character, it's pretty much fair play.
WELL YOU DID GET RID OF PRUST, WHO WAS YOUR USUAL GO-TO FOR SUCH THINGS
I have dual Canadian/US citizenship, but I earned mine the hard way. Marrying a Canadian :P
Fuck the Leafs. Fuck the Habs. (I'm a Lightning fan)
Stamkos last year was a torn meniscus. The blood clot thing was 2 years ago. ... He gets injured a lot :(
&gt;They've already tried the 'Firesale' tactic ALL these responses and nobody posted [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I40HfH1UiXo)?
Just got back from a $150 run to Total Wine and Habsband got our new hot tub cover roller installed. So you can say we're ready for this weekend's back-to-back. mmm...Xocoveza
No way I'm out on a beach in this weather.
But Trump never wore a tan suit. CHECKMATE LIBRUHLS /s
Probably had trouble finding popcorn, though. Considering how much has been eaten in the first days of 2018 watching White House: Season 2 - Fire and Fury Boogaloo
Sure, that's not helped, but there are a lot of other factors than credit card debt. Wages have been stagnant since Reagan. Few companies are offering good benefits, let alone pensions or company-matched retirement, and job stability is a myth. Employees are just another line on the expense sheet, instead of a integral part of company success. The employer - employee relationship has swung way out of balance to favor the employer, aided in significant part by a globalized workforce. Source: Also an old person
Shit, I've got the good bourbon set aside for the day he's gone
At least Jim Jones was a talented speaker and had a compelling message about racial equality.
I'm so glad I'm old enough to drink during this shitstorm and also old enough to afford higher-end booze.
Respect!
This. People in NY/NJ knew the fucker was unhinged and corrupt decades before he ran for office.
He's always dressed and looked like crap. Go look at photos from the 80s. Tie hanging below his belt. Shitty suits. Hair was thicker, but still a rat's nest. All that money can't buy class or style.
&gt; the entire country would be run by coastal elites Considering we are the tax base for the country, I'm OK with that. Or just stop pretending the country can agree on shit and split up, because I'm done with your backasswards policies. But I guarantee you that Trump isn't moving to bumfuck Oklahoma if the country breaks apart. He's the definition of a coastal elite.
I'd stand my ground...if you know what I mean
He moved into that penthouse in 1983, which is when I think he stopped taking in new information.
Domingue in net https://twitter.com/TBTimes_JSmith/status/950138038851719168
Trump is leading a cult and the worst of the lot are the other folks in the White House. Don't expect anything resembling truth to come out from any of his staff.
Trump is infamously litigious. I assume the Publisher covered their ass before releasing the book.
Satan: "Asshole, I gave you a handbook on how to dominate the world. Did you not READ the handbook? It says right on page 3 that the key to...TRUMP! TRUMP! ARE YOU TWEETING AGAIN?!?! I'm taking away your phone."
Under no circumstance, ever, will I stop giving Detroit shit.
You really are *not* much fun. I listed a ton of reasons to say fuck Detroit, but you had to a) take my post seriously and b) nitpick with seating charts. It's like you don't understand trash talk. Sad.
Reporters have to pick their battles with this lot. Trump's surrogates lie *all the time*. It's just nonstop. It's a sort of defense mechanism because they know they can't answer truthfully and have little positive to point to - or at least little that is considered popular outside their cult. I agree more reporters should push back, but it's definitely a balancing act. &gt;Personally, I think the whole thing is starting to unwind. I agree. I think the stress of being in an unfamiliar situation (not the *job* of POTUS which he's largely avoiding) is taking a terrible toll on Trump's health, which was probably not great from the beginning. Trump has treated people like shit his whole life, family included, so there's only so far anyone connected to him is willing to go to protect him. I wouldn't be shocked if we're months out from him being found wandering the Rose Garden in an adult diaper asking for his mommy.
&gt;People forgot about 9/11, the Iraq war, and the Great Recession. To be fair, Trump ran on a platform that was 180 degrees from the typical (G.W. Bush style) Republican agenda. He ran on less foreign military intervention and economic populism, rather than trickle-down bullshit. Now, he's kept his word on NEITHER of those, and anybody paying attention knew he didn't give a shit about policy, but I'm sure many of his voters remembered all those things Bush did and assumed it would be different with Trump.
Definitely possible as well. He was in NYC in the late 70s/early 80s so a nose candy habit was easy to pick up.
Gotta add 'checked into Facebook at Trump Tower' in there somewhere.
The only way to prove he's "senile" is to have a doctor diagnose him and then have that diagnosis made public. Will never happen. However, it's pretty easy to compare his current manner of speaking with previous interviews 10, 20 or even 30 years ago and see there is a huge decline in his vocabulary and ability to coherently present his argument. His Twitter feed is out there for everyone to see, and doesn't read like a "stable genius" is at the helm. Something has changed, that's for sure. What's most concerning is the clear signs of *some* kind of problem and the unwillingness of those in charge to address it.
Start the fire with Trump vodka.
So "Infrastructure Week" is cancelled again?
I have a dream where we just take him to a field full of heavy construction equipment, fire trucks, semis and the like and just let him run around and play. For the next 3 years.
Shout out to the user who reported this as "your subreddit is filled with trash people". I see you.
He was considered quite a catch in his younger years and the early 80s yuppie set viewed him as a role model for both his style and looks. (God, the gaudy as fuck 80s were such trash) His diet of fast food and refusal to exercise have obviously taken a toll beyond normal aging. That mixed with his atrocious spray tan and inability to accept he's balding have left him looking less-than-human.
Everybody hates the Rangers. I think it was 2011 that we swept you.
This isn't a stretch. He's been nailed for money laundering before. It was always more likely that his financial shenanigans would bring him down, rather than any election misbehavior with Russians. They may very well be interlinked, but the money side will leave a trail. The question is does the GOP have the will to act if proven illegal behavior is presented to them?
He was just singing "alternate lyrics"
It's obviously the hope, but I don't trust the GOP to do the right thing these days. Their commitment to democracy, the rule of law and basic moral principles seems to be shaky.
We all know the mod is too lazy to write up this much at 8am. Lazy fucking mod.
I have had my own personal downvoter in this sub for years. I'm not even mad. I'm impressed by their dedication.
Biden should accept his place as a mentor for younger, up and coming DEM leaders.
I did that for years, but I'm too old to fight the shitwars now.
2018: The Dems Fight Back (about fucking time)
Productivity in major US cities currently grinding to a halt. Popcorn scents the air.
In this very thread even.
Username accurate. Cut back on the Everclear, bud.
Fully in reality here, captain. If you put down the booze, you might see the idiot in the White House for the barely literate conman he is.
The daily press briefing is going on right now.
Bye, Felicia.
The Lightning need to send tape to Toronto of the last two games and ask **WHAT THE FUCK THE REFS ARE SMOKING!!!** Also, our PK still needs work. And faceoffs. But let's talk mostly about those fucking refs. And the TYJO hatty. TYJO IS LOVE. TYJO IS LIFE.
You can't really say Carter was bought by corporations. Amusingly he raised a lot of early money from Southern rock concerts. Of course, his lack of ties to the Beltway, or 'the swamp' if you prefer, hurt his Presidency.
"Obama did it, too!" But you hate Obama... "Whataboutism, stupid Libruhl!!"
Pence isn't *quite* as far on the spectrum of Jesus nuttery as those who are *actively* seeking the end-times, but you're generally correct. Which is to say, I think he expects Jesus to come strolling into Jerusalem, but I don't think he'll fire the nukes to get things started.
If even 1/3 of the stuff in Fire and Fury is accurate, it's no shock. Working for a mentally and emotionally unstable leader is no fun and, for those who want to make Washington a career, being associated with Trump may actively hurt their resume in the future.
I would subscribe the fuck outta that second broadcast. Get 'em unlimited scotch while we're at it.
ITT: Talking points being parroted verbatim. It's almost like they got marching orders.
It won't. They're pushing "voter ID" as a talking point because it's a GOP way to suppress the overall number of voters. No serious study has found a significant amount of in-person voter fraud and the cases they did, at least last election, were Republican.
It's like they all got a sheet of talking points. Which is amusing, because most Dems aren't against the concept of Voter ID if fairly executed, as it has been in other countries. The necessary ID must be free and easily obtainable by citizens. Said ID will have ZERO impact on the social media manipulation, hacking and political finance meddling the Russians are into, though.
My position is whatever you send me to sign.
Diaper Don.
The very insecure ego of one Trump, Donald John
Can't blame them. They're being dragged through the mud as part of a partisan operation to keep information important to National Security from the American people. The same information they *literally* risked life and limb to give to the FBI.
Hey, I'm all for both of those. I think we should have publicly funded elections and a shorter election cycle of, say, 6 months. Overturn Citizen's United and get the corporate and special interest money out of political campaigns. Allow average folks to run for office without fundraising 6 hours a day. Sure, paper ballots. Sounds good. Leaves a solid paper trail. None of those, though, directly address the matter at hand.
That's a valid point I hadn't thought of.
Shit, he might even use PIVOT TABLES.
Ladyboner at full mast.
Barron ready with the cyber!
"I didn't bring my glasses" was what he used last time.
&gt;People act like it's difficult to create a false (and patriotic) identity that appears authentic and the accounts can be used to feed into echo chambers and drown out opposing voices, making them appear irrelevant (and in some cases, target and harass people). They have an entire building in St. Pete, Russia dedicated to doing just that.
Second this.
I'm having one of those days at work where I break out the personal laptop over lunch and stab the everliving shit out of every NPC I can find in Warcraft. Gonna need you to win this one, Bolts.
CNN probably put those rivers and mountains there.
Can confirm :-p
Fuck. My liver needs a break. But we have a drink package. So you know that's not an option.
&gt; I just wish people would respect differences in opinions and not create two sides that can't debate without throwing around personally attacks. I guess you'll need to take Donny's phone away, then. He was up late last night shooting off his mouth (or fingers, if you will) and posting lies.
Generally speaking the ones of us who leave the States and travel abroad aren't stereotypical 'ugly Americans'. Especially the further out you get. If you meet an American backpacking in Thailand or such, they're about as far from Donald Trump as you can get. I wish it were easier for Americans to travel overseas and actually experience the rest of the world. Source: 34 countries as an American traveler.
I don't want the asshole at the bar (which is me, frequently) leading the country. That's the fucking point they always miss. The President is supposed to represent the BEST of us, not the lowest common denominator.
The thing is the 65% of us who don't like him have been over this bullshit for a long time. The other 35% think this is what makes him awesome.
That's been happening on Twitter.
I couldn't find a single decent taco place in Japan. Granted, this was 25 years ago, but I was in Tokyo. If that's what a 'homogenous' society means, no thank you.
F5 o'clock coming early
We're the hostages.
Maybe she has more evidence than the other accusers? Like *shudder* tapes?
You don't understand. They were secretly muslim and BLACK. Not the same at all. /s
Definitely more offensive upside.
You'll take Honey Badger over my dead body. Dammit.
Agreed. I'm ready for Ceddy to leave. I know that's not a popular opinion.
Cory Conacher :)
I heard one of the mods still has Kristers flair...
Most Tampa fans aren't thrilled with this. This guy's just a chode.
It's the latter part that's the real problem. I don't need that assclown rolling into my town with his traitor flag, misogyny and homophobia.
Hockey fans in general are urban, middle-class or higher white folks. Or Canadian. Or European. That demographic definitely leans liberal, though I don't think you have to be 'ultraliberal' to see that Kid Rock is trash. He's the NASCAR circuit, not the NHL.
Did my part
Thank God I'm on vacation with a drink in hand.
Jew from the Eastern Potato shithole here. Can confirm.
So? Doesn't mean I want that bullshit in my town, either way. The arena is in Hillsborough, which did not. But thanks for accepting Trump is onboard with misogyny and homophobia.
Gonna need a big lasso
Not with this shitty internet :-(
I'm 46. Send my walker.
I'd buy you a beer, citizen.
Username checks out
Not toxic enough, apparently
I don't think he meets Trump's new "skill-based" immigration criteria, but maybe ass kissing is on the list...
Within a day, probably
[Time to bring back the cat](https://i.imgur.com/vdLE8dJ.gif).
Unpopular opinion - if we have to choose, keep Domingue. Longterm he has more potential as a backup.
&gt;Mark your calendar for 4 years and 9 months after the day you received your GC and file the citizenship paperwork. Earlier, depending on how you got your green card. My husband can file for naturalization 3 years after getting his GC since he's the spouse of an American citizen. Plus, you can potentially early file 90 days prior to that date. For us, the 90-day date is motherfucking CIRCLED on May in our calendar. I don't trust these assholes not to impact LEGAL immigration.
Not sure he's playing. The guy never got past the 'Ayn Rand' phase of adolescence.
A healthy Sustr is still Andrej-Fucking-Sustr.
Originally I had us playing the Flyers, so let's at least acknowledge I noticed THAT mistake.
Sustr *aspires* to be the defenseman Carle was when Carle was 26 or 27. Matt was just past his prime and out of gas on his last stint with us. Also prone to laziness, but then so is the giraffe.
Americans really *do* want to protect the Dreamers but the GOP votes against their constituents desires over and over again because they know the magic (R) protects them.
Domingue in net tonight. https://twitter.com/TBTimes_JSmith/status/955884777906765824
[Stats](https://i.imgur.com/uPVCP9e.png) from the mod tool. ... I'm kinda bored at work.
Yep. They're in a cult and anyone who even lightly criticizes "Dear Leader" is turned on in a hurry.
Yes. Trump has been very vocal about his use of pre-nups.
Confirmed Domingue in net tonight.
Can't keep his fucking answers straight for 140 characters. Mueller is gonna ass fuck him; no lube.
OOJ is unlikely to get him impeached with the current Congress. HOWEVER, it may very well impact the makeup of the next Congress if it's made known before mid-terms.
How about we watch the hockey game 🤣
If you have to ask, you're not playing the game correctly.
May I direct your attention to the side of the sub...
I listened to that interview this morning on the drive to work and was honestly impressed how she managed to not break character. The Kool Aid must have been extra spiked this morning. In what world is this 'who did you vote for?' an appropriate ice-breaker. ESPECIALLY if you're the fucking president.
*sigh*
Oh, I ain't forgetting that shit. Never.
&gt;If you've been in a high pressure job and you get absolutely dressed down by your boss, you react one of three ways. Either it's "Man, fuck this and fuck you too," you get super down on yourself, or you sit up straight and get refocused. I choose 'Door A', Monty. All-Star weekend needs to get here so I can take out some work-related frustration on visiting noobs.
I'm going all in on the kitchen with that grand. Should be enough to do it up 'Trump style' with faux gold leaf everywhere.
My bourbon stash is taking a hit from all these Trump + sex stories
* Ybor - he can ride the trolley * Columbia restaurant (in Ybor) * Busch Gardens * There is a waterfront Pirate Taxi that could be amusing I can't wait to run into him!
As a drunk pirate, I volunteer.
But I'm lazy
I was thinking more of a meetup for the folks going, but whatever.
Next game, I will find you and I will kill you.
No, silly. I'm going to sneak down during intermission and whack you in the beer line. It's so crowded nobody will notice.
You just made the list.
Trump's downfall is going to be one hell of a rude awakening because he can't even comprehend it's possible, let alone probable. He could have lived out the rest of his life as a gaudy conman in the business/entertainment world where legal troubles are mostly civil and greased palms make *a lot* of things go away, but dumbass had to get into politics. He can't buy, bully or bribe his way out of this.
&gt;He does think he can get away with anything. And he can with his cult of 25% or so of the American public. He could come out as a communist and they'd STILL support him. But he doesn't get that 'ratings' have NO influence on the legal process and Mueller doesn't give a shit about his fanbase.
Oh yeah. The financial shenanigans are still being investigated and they are gonna be *spicy*. But it takes longer to assemble all that evidence.
No surprise, but Vasy starting: https://twitter.com/TBTimes_JSmith/status/956531704147140608
He's too busy to meme :(
And he'll be clueless.
Yep. He's used to manipulating what are largely civil matters. It's a whole different ballgame now.
I'll be in the arena. My game will be 'how much beer can I afford?'
Back when St. Louis played for the Bolts, that was his personal policy and it worked well. He was happy to sign stuff, but only one per person.
**FUCK**
Save the Cantillon for impeachment IMO.
A [Chinchilla](https://www.yourcat.co.uk/cat-breed-profiles/chinchilla-cat-breed-profile.html), which is a type of persian. My first cat was one. He was an asshole. A beautiful asshole, but an asshole nonetheless.
It's not unusual for daytime temps to be in the low 50s (f) in Winter in Cairo. Then there was that time a few years ago, [when it snowed](https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/cairo-snow-egyptian-capital-sees-2923418).
My cat would be drinking that beer. She's a lush.
1. Ybor City - historic in daylight; rowdy at night. You can take a trolley to/from Ybor and the arena. 2. Gasparilla is Saturday during the day. Expect insane crowds of drunk pirates. If that's your thing, go. If not, avoid the area. 3. Tons of good breweries around: Coppertail, Cigar City, Angry Chair, Six Ten are all good options in Tampa. Over in St. Pete there are even more. 4. The Florida Aquarium is walking distance from Amalie. 5. If you're into theme parks, Busch Gardens is north of downtown and typically *less* crazy on Gasparilla day.
I'm pretty sure this win was because I finally got the hot tub cover roller installed and was able to spend the 2nd intermission in the hot tub like god intended, without having to bug Habsband to move the damn cover for me. Further research is required.
Narrator: it wasn't.
I know you're joking, but this isn't just a millenial thing. This has been going on since Reagan. Gen X is also fucked by wage stagnation. Combined with the boomers refusing to budge from upper management, and you've essentially got two generations wasting prime working years just struggling to make ends meet. TL;DR - Gen Xer. Never going to be able to retire.
I'll check in on Yeoman's at some point, but it's usually a zoo. Not even bothering with Hattrick's.
Jackass has been trying to get Forbes to up his valuation for DECADES. He's been in an ongoing feud with Graydon Carter since the 80s because he insulted his hand size. The media hating Trump isn't new and it's not even surprising, given how hostile he's been to them since he came on the scene.
&gt;discrimination To paraphrase the late, great Ann Richards: "Poor Trump, he was born with a silver foot in his mouth."
That's the Channelside garage. I assume it will be open.
Soooon. Already got my jersey on.
OUR GOALIE POWERS ARE SO STRONG WE EVEN MAKE THE 'YOTES CASTOFF LOOK GOOD. TRY AGAIN.
WELL, A BROKEN BOTTLE IS USEFUL IN A PINCH AND HE CAN ALWAYS MAKE ONE OF THOSE APPEAR.
HE'S NO ALL-STAR
I doubt he could find Rwanda on a map. Even if given the head start of pointing to the African continent.
Personally I think geographical knowledge is important for a PRESIDENT. Regardless of party or political leaning. I would also expect a leader who *didn't* know where a country was, exactly, to get a goddamn map and look. I don't believe that Trump would take that additional step, as he already has 'the best brain' or whatever and refuses to admit when he doesn't know something.
WHY YOU GOTTA BE LIKE THAT, FLORIBRO
STARING IS ABOUT AS USEFUL AS MONTREAL 'D' THIS SEASON. SORRY, NOT SORRY. MY HOMELIFE IS STRESSFUL. SEND UNIBROUE.
I'VE HAD TO TURN UP THE HEAT IN THE HOT TUB AND WEAR SOCKS. UNACCEPTABLE.
I DID NOTHING. IT'S YOUR DAMN TEAM THAT'S GOT HIM DEPRESSED. OF COURSE I MAINTAIN HIS POUTINE INTAKE. HE'S ON A STRICT GRAVY, BEER AND CHEESE CURD DIET.
75 to the Selmon to downtown would probably be fastest.
SO fierce
See also: Carson, Ben
&gt; Do what we want or we shut down the government. More like *do what we want or we turn off the money spigot* Which is **exactly** what they were threatening to do before the tax scam bill passed.
Men have dance belts. Women have pointe shoes. Ballet is a fucking brutal art. Most who practice at a high level for any period of time end up with wrecked bodies. Source: 13 years of ballet; wrecked body
You're not wrong. It can be, especially at high levels, grueling and unhealthily competitive. As bad as any sport. But I don't think the point (or pointe) here is to try and recruit ballerinas in training. Ballet, if kept as a *hobby*, is not only a good form of exercise but teaches discipline and appreciation for culture and tradition.
A lot of the Ayn Rand warriors are still living at home, because otherwise they might have accidentally been exposed to 'real life' where their ridiculous ideas are proven wrong.
This is my ONLY mission for the weekend.
Yeah, at high levels ballet is as bad for you as any competitive sport. It's extremely taxing physically, if done competitively, as my shot ankles and busted knees can attest. I wouldn't say it's as dangerous as football, since contact isn't an inherent part of the art. I think a better comparison is gymnastics. The top level athletes will play through some horrible shit and push themselves (or have themselves pushed) too far, but the average kid doing back handsprings and cartwheels in their yard is just having fun. As a *hobby* ballet is good exercise and teaches discipline and appreciation for culture and tradition.
You're half right. The initial hurdle to getting into ballet for a lot of lower-income kids is the cost. Dance classes and leotards and ballet shoes aren't cheap. Assuming you manage to get all that together, and are part of the 1% who are actually *really* good, there is absolutely a stereotype that ballet companies look for when casting. It's changing a lot, for the better, but there is no question that most of the traditional ballet roles were written with very lithe white dancers in mind.
I DON'T THINK YOU CAN ARGUE THAT ANY OF THOSE GUYS AREN'T PLAYING WELL ENOUGH TO BE IN THE ALL-STARS. BUT OF COURSE THE NHL WANTS MONEY. THAT'S THE WAY IT WORKS.
Habsband has been ordered to punch him should we cross paths. We were in Ybor last night. Kinda glad we didn't go there.
I mean, we cyborg'd Stammer... (Not on purpose)
So bad. So very, very bad. Our goalie situation was just horribad for most of our existence.
[triggered]
Nah, I have issues with the homophobic shit he's said way more than who he supports.
Nothing seems to be political suicide for this jackass.
Narrator: he doesn't
Same night as the Grammy's and apparently Chance is there. We have a large Pride flag we're unfurling during Kid Rock's nonsense. My lowkey moment of resistance.
Goddammit, Cheerio (think that's the birb's name). YOU HAD YOUR SHOT TO TAKE OUT MARCHAND!!
Also Karlsson
Random capitalization annoys me.
These bits are killing me. I want ALL the puppies. (My diva cat says "no" to that)
I kept telling people I thought he wanted to stay in Tampa because quality of life was *very* important to him, as this article indicates. I never thought Toronto was a serious option for him. I thought maybe he'd sign in a place like Nashville or Dallas if we couldn't get to an agreeable figure for his next contract. I just never saw him going to a massive hockey market where he'd be stalked and harassed every day.
Watched it yesterday. There was nothing new presented, but it did a good job of showing Trump's history of being a con man who really doesn't know what he's doing outside a *very* small niche (Manhattan real estate branding).
Everyone in the arena was laughing their asses off when they announced that it was *his* choice for song.
[Budaj was sitting in the 100s watching the Skills competition last night](https://twitter.com/BoltsFan92/status/957414723162660864). Just chilling without security or anything and enjoying the fun. He signed a few autographs, but was mostly left alone. That's the kind of town Tampa is, though. (Follow the tweet for the thread with photo)
The arena started a "You're Suspended" chant in my section, but it probably got drowned out by the constant boos.
Yep. He's up to his shitty hairdo in dirty money and badly over-leveraged. That's why his finances were a "red line" with Mueller. That's why he hasn't released his tax returns. That's why he hasn't divested. He couldn't sell his assets for what he owes. Well, that and he's using the Presidency to make money. He and his supporters don't give a shit about sexual bullshit.
Yep. The moderates are leaving him. The few who remain are doing so because 'it's the economy, stupid' and it's pretty likely we'll see a slowdown or turn in the economy. Regardless of who was elected some slowing of the economy was likely, but he's put himself in a position where every notch of the DOW will be attributed to him. Live by the index; die by the index. He's continuing to rabble rouse the evangelicals and second amendment nuts which make up his cult and that isn't a big enough voting block to win a re-election. If the mid-terms go as expected, he'll go into 2019 still embroiled in scandal, facing an opposition House and *maybe* holding onto 25% popular support. At some point the establishment GOP will turn on him and feast on his soft belly.
I need about 4 days worth of sleep now.
The list of shit I would throw at Ottawa for him is long. Hell, I'd even let Honey Badger go and that's not easy to say. Seriously. I would love having Karlsson on the team, but the issue is gonna be $$$$.
I suspect Killorn's value is pretty low right now. He's underperformed his contract. By a lot. We signed him as a playoff guy and since we didn't make the playoffs last season, my feeling is he's not got a ton of trade value until he proves he still *has it*.
We made the New York Times...
I'm no fan of Marchand, but he handled this weekend perfectly. Unlike Crosby who went and whined to the press about being booed after the Skills competition, Marchand embraced it and had some fun. He knew the fans weren't thrilled to have him there and that he was playing on hostile turf of a divisional rival. Even sans suspension there was no way he was gonna be a fan favorite in our barn. So roll with being the asshole and laugh it off.
Yep. He gets booed in Amalie during normal season games. He, and his entire team, are not well liked here. Mostly because they beat us a lot :(
Little fucker started playing better the louder we booed. I noticed. But yeah. Suspension or no, he was getting booed. Tampa is no fan of his.
Boston is a divisional rival and historically has taken the Lightning to the shed. Their representative in our ASG was Marchand, a guy who's not exactly popular to start with. So, yeah. He was getting booed no matter what. Had they sent, like, Pastrnak or Bergeron it might have gone differently. But they sent one of the most controversial players in the league into hostile territory.
&gt; I forgot to boo him. Not acceptable. &gt;I am never walking again. Someone just cut off my legs. Pants are cancelled. Had to walk from Amalie to Channelside in the complete deluge last night, wait for 30 minutes to "drip dry" and then still pay 3x surge for the ride home. All total, was drenched for over an hour. Uncomfortable today, to be sure.
Nunes and his crew are the Keystone Cops of politics.
They need to vote.
Demographically they're fucked. The country is becoming less white and less religious. That's just the stats. The evangelical vote won't keep them afloat forever.
Too literate.
I'm Eric! *plays with fidget spinner*
ROFLMAO Oh. Wait. Are you serious? Dude, the tinfoil hat is cutting off circulation to your brain.
Jake Tapper saying his sources indicated it was mutual. Trump dogging him all the time and McCabe was just over the bullshit. To paraphrase.
Yes, killing anyone who doesn't think like you is **definitely** the right move. So American. Much MAGA. Wow.
Bab 5 is **always** relevant.
They've definitely got a narrative going.
"Fuck this shit I'm out"
I'm sure April Ryan can get in touch with them. ^^/s
Dark days. My liver still aches.
Fear and Loathing in the SOTU.
I feel like these fuckers have never been stuck in Southern Indiana (outside Bloomington).
Ahhh..that makes sense. Rating Louisiana so high is also a bit mind-boggling. I love NOLA as much as anyone, but the rest of the State is markedly different.
Ted Lieu, who has seen the memo, tweeted that it was the Geraldo Rivera Capone stunt without Rivera's "integrity".
Columbus is OK. I used to teach there. I'm not saying all of Indiana is a complete shithole, but having spent extensive time in both States I'd take Florida over Indiana any day.
OK. Valid point. But let's talk tornadoes. At least with hurricanes we have several days warning.
Petty little toddler. An embarrassment to the country.
Well, it's impossible to get context from a print article, but it came off as petulant. But then I don't really follow Crosby so maybe you're right.
Rubio is such trash. I actually don't know if he's even re-opened his Tampa office after the got evicted.
What's hysterical is that *this* will probably be the thing that gets Trump more pissed off today than anything. Not the lack-of-sanctions pushback. Not the second dossier. Not the stock market going down. But a pro golfer calling him a cheat. I expect a Twitter meltdown.
Dear Leader got a hole in one on every hole.
LOL. Solid user name. Yeah, if I'm yelling at the TV tonight I'd rather it be at a sports team than the idiot in chief.
Ex-Hoosier here. Can confirm the confirmation.
Buckle up. Domingue in net for us: https://twitter.com/RogerMooney50/status/958395581583577088 (He's played well, but the Jets are a very good team)
Hedman will likely be back this week, but our defense has been shaky a lot of the season. I don't think us trading for a defenseman depends on his return. Green is one of the top options I think we consider, though Stevie hasn't historically been in favor of rentals. Edit: Apparently Hedman is back *tonight*. Praise be.
Uh...I've been ogling Karlsson for years now. Just sayin'
More news. Ferraro indicates HEDDY IS BACK TONIGHT. https://twitter.com/rayferrarotsn/status/958398053391757319
Well apparently Gosar is suggesting it.
Ditto. I was there in early 2001, before the bridge was finished.
When Vinik first took over ownership of the Lightning in like 2010, he was offering season tickets for something like $200 a season in parts of the upper bowl and a free jersey if you bought in the lower bowl. These days we have 12,000 season ticket members and sell out every game. If you build a good team (which you guys are doing) and you show the fans you appreciate them, things will turn around.
Request denied.
Ditto.
Vasy hasn't had a break in awhile, because of the All-Star Game. It's going to be a long trip, so I guess they wanted to rest him. Putting Domingue up against the strongest team we're playing on this trip is..um..interesting, though. Guess we'll see what happens.
We don't need an enforcer. We DO need some size or at least our guys WITH size to actually create some space. You've got big guys like Coburn and Killorn not getting it done while smaller guys like Peca and Gourde are putting their bodies on the line. I wouldn't be averse to trading for someone with size and *shudder* "grit" if this keeps up. Physical teams are just shutting us down right now.
Oh, I didn't say it wouldn't work. I have ZERO faith in the GOP to impeach him, even if he's proven to have committed outright sedition.
Personally, I want someone who can speak in complete sentences with decent enunciation. Apparently that's not required to be President anymore.
Valid point.
Or purging the top generals right before WW2...
We don't need to become a "physical team". We need (IMHO) either the bigger guys we have to counter the physicality of other teams OR to obtain someone who can. We're always going to be a speed and skill focused team, as we should be. It's our strength. But if a physical team can completely shut us down, they win. We have to have some kind of response. Chicago and Pittsburgh both had a few guys on their team that could do that when required, even though they were speed and skill teams. TL;DR - Not become a "physical team", just be able to play more physical when needed.
"uniom"
Scurry, rats. Scurry.
A lot of the GOP retiring, like Gowdy, are in seats presumed to be "safe". Still, the House is very achievable for Dems.
&gt;known Democrat operative [citation needed]
LOL Gorka. That guy's such a tool.
&gt; Using intelligence for political purposes is a red line. It *should* be, but apparently it's not.
As I said in another thread, attacking the very people who can bury you is SO Trumpian. Irony is the FBI was generally considered pro-Trump before he started this shit.
&gt;Why would he not consider "on my team" as a loyalty inquiry during his hearing? Because that's how legal inquiries work. It's extremely specific. He wasn't asked directly for loyalty to Trump. He was asked if he was "on his team" which could be interpreted as anything from the Executive Branch to the Republican Party. Even the Comey "loyalty" thing only came to light when Comey was asked to respond *with his interpretation* of what Trump asked him based on his contemporaneous memos. Apparently the great orange menace wised up and didn't say "I expect loyalty" this time. (Assuming, of course, that everything printed in this article is *verbatim* and not paraphrased.)
Dubya's policies were garbage, but I never got the feeling he was a garbage *person*. He handled his dissenters, which were numerous, with tact and recognized that differing opinions was part of a healthy democracy. Can't say the same for Trump.
They self segregate. I've seen it in my own family as they move further and further into the sticks to avoid integrated neighborhoods. They think they are owed good employment and neighbors who look and think like them.
I wrote them off decades ago when I left that shitty State. Our relationship at this point can be considered 'civil when required'.
Hockey is over for the season, so I don't understand this gif.
I miss the days of arguing over marginal tax rates and the role of government in a civilized society with my Republican friends.
The mob is probably threatening his family, as is extremely common. Taking the fall is the only way to ensure their safety.
Whiny.little.bitch.
The guy with the 'traitor' sign at Manafort's initial perp walk. http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/man-traitor-sign-manafort-court-appearance-hero-article-1.3863542
As a dual CAN/US citizen, I'm constantly rethinking my choice to move back to the US in 2014. Fucking moron.
Springtime for Donny
As someone with a 95 year-old house that had asbestos siding put on it in the 1940s or so...maybe I should think about selling.
It's my home :-/
Says who?
"Let them fight"
"Oh no. Borders are sacred lines passed to us from the almighty." - OP, probably
His gut probably doesn't make it easy to button.
He just needs daddy to buy 2.3 billion in casino chips.
To the mouthbreathing Trump voters it probably does.
If I was given millions of dollars in my early 20s I like my odds
Pearls are being clutched.
Almost **30** years. The first piece to mention his 'small hands' was in 1984 and the author was still getting the occasional circled picture in 2015.
No worries. His dedication to this grudge might the one thing Trump has actually stuck with &gt;.&lt;
&gt;all of the G6 countries Japan is in the G7, but your point mostly stands.
Every formal "G" meeting, including when it was the group of five and the G6 [has included Japan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Group_of_Seven).
Accurate
Oh yeah, it's staged. So are the pictures of him in the Oval Office with *nothing* on his desk. It's all about show with Trump. There are a few photos around that look like an actual working desk, ironically including the one where he's attacked by an eagle, but the vast majority of his are just PR ops.
I mean, it's kinda his gig.
I would pay to watch.
Prosperity gospel causes a lot of this thinking in heartland America. Churches basically preach that the rich deserve their wealth, because God said so. The rich must be close to god. If you aren't wealthy it's because you're not righteous enough or have sinned too much, etc. and so forth. Since everyone sins it's a self-reinforcing doctrine. I see this all the time with my family. They legit think they can pray their way to wealth. *sigh*
He's gonna give away Hawaii to get out early for tee time.
I believe the phrase used here is "Lock Him Up".
That link stays blue.
Not to mention the people they're turning away are overwhelmingly Christian. Brown Christian people, but still.
They almost never are, sadly.
Nowhere near 50% voted for him. It was about 26% of eligible voters. A huge number of Americans didn't vote at all. Motivating them to get off their ass should be a priority.
The right believes the Iran deal was a bad deal as a result of Obama's weakness.
[Here's one popular right-wing source on it](https://www.newsmax.com/adamturner/iran-nuclear-deal-trump/2018/05/15/id/860439/). It's all bullshit, but it's what they're spinning.
It's not uncommon to seek an attorney (or attorneys) more familiar with plea arrangements than criminal defense when setting up a deal. They're somewhat different areas of the law.
Got a fresh 6-pack of Stone at the ready. Bring on the perpwalk.
Not a fucking boomer. Math is so hard. Do they not teach that in Siberia?
No matter what is actually in the report, the WH will try to spin it as Trump being the victim, because that's what they do. Fox will run with the narrative and 30% of America will believe it, because that's what *they* do. Rational people will read the IG report and draw their own conclusions. I'll be shocked if they determine the FBI, a notoriously conservative-leaning organization, is found to have been helping the Democratic Party or Hillary Clinton. But I'll wait for the report and see what evidence they have for whatever conclusion is presented.
He's proud of that fact. &gt;Last month Donald J. Trump told a crowd in New Hampshire that he would happily annoy his wealthy friends if it meant getting big money out of politics. “I have no friends, as far as I’m concerned,” he said. “You know who my friends are? You’re my friends.” From [this article](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/13/nyregion/for-donald-trump-friends-in-few-places.html).
State law is the important part there. No pardon coming for those.
One would hope such an action would be political suicide, but we're living in crazy times. The GOP has become a cult.
Hahaha. So it turns out the "Treasurer" of the Trump Foundation [didn't even *know* he was Treasurer until he was told during an interview](https://twitter.com/HashtagGriswold/status/1007276284836278272) with federal investigators? Amateur hour criminals. The whole family.
My popcorn and bourbon are ready.
They're the enemy now. Being Canadians and all.
He'd have to figure out how to move Trump Tower first. Gold toilets aren't easy to replace, ya know?
I guess the British Empire is making a comeback.
Ha! Yeah, it gets called both. But definitely a good place for World Cup.
Ooooh, thanks for the heads up.
"outside birthday counsel" aka stripper in a cake
It was just a charitable donation!
Got a couple. Basil Hayden is my usual. I got Angel's Envy and Redemption Rye as well. I'm covered.
In his own handwriting, even.
The reports came out after the campaign, but the Eric Trump Foundation was accused of [siphoning charity money to private companies](https://www.cnn.com/2017/06/07/politics/eric-trump-foundation-st-jude-forbes-report/index.html) and generally pulling shenanigans with his foundation. You can follow that link through to the original Forbes reporting for more details. It's apparently a family tradition.
Uh...I'll need to do some archival research to answer that. But a preliminary guess is boarding school.
One of the points being lost in the discussion of Manafort's time with the campaign is that there was significant concern that some of the delegates were *not* going to vote for Trump at the convention. They went as far as trying to insert language that would free them from RNC rules requiring them to abide by State primaries; they wanted a "conscience" vote. Manafort wasn't brought in on a whim. The campaign had legitimate concerns that the RNC was going to find a way to block his nomination and it was believed Manafort's expertise in wrangling delegates and history of work in the party would clear the path. (It worked)
The best words.
One down...so many more to go.
They view this as a feature, not a bug.
Ah...weekends in Ybor. The "god fearing" folks are unfortunately pretty belligerent and confrontational. Not a very good sales pitch to a party crowd. Frequently some Scientologists out there, too. Offering 'personality tests'.
Every once in awhile these assholes speak the truth.
Trump was notoriously a micromanager at his company, so I'll be very surprised if he didn't know about all the Russians reaching out with 'info on Hillary'. Whether he personally attended those meetings or actually directly oversaw "collusion" is definitely up for debate. I've long said he'll go down for money laundering and finance crimes, rather than conspiracy. Much easier to prove than a quid pro quo with Russia.
Eh..Hillary wasn't my favorite candidate ever, but she was clearly a better option than Trump. I don't really buy the whole 'both candidates were awful' narrative, but then I've been volunteering on Dem campaigns since Dukakis. *shrug*
Never fear, fresh bot. You'll be in the negative century club before the end of the day.
He's not nearly that bright.
I voted for Bernie in the Florida primary and I support a lot of his policies, but he was not - and is not - a Democrat. The DNC isn't designed to support independent candidates, so I wasn't at all surprised that they favored Clinton. I'm in favor of revisiting some of the DNC processes before 2020, but nothing that happened during 2016 made it OK to vote for Trump. Nothing. Mango Mussolini was so clearly going to be a giant leap backwards on every policy agenda Bernie supports, expect - possibly - tariffs. Which, unsurprisingly, I disagree with Bernie on. Anyway, it sucks that 3rd party candidates have no real shot in US elections, but that's the way it is currently. Bernie could make a push to change that using his popularity, and I hope he does in 2020, whether with himself or another progressive on the ballot.
This situation is showing us the monsters in our own communities. Because only a monster supports this kind of action.
&gt; legal action against your unauthorized presence will be suspended Such as, you know, PUTTING YOU IN A CAGE?
This is what's getting lost in the discussion. There is a huge difference between unaccompanied minors crossing the border - which has been an ongoing issue for a few years now - and the US *separating children from their parents or family* which is a new policy under Trump.
If these morons were actually concerned about "illegals" they'd be pushing for more money to track those who overstay their visas. Because most "illegals" come into the country legally. By boat or car or plane. Not on foot across the desert.
There wasn't one, which is why any claims of a victory were extremely premature. But of course Trump is gonna claim one, anyway.
&gt;they occur annually and happened about a month ago This is incorrect. ONE set of exercises happened a month ago, but they are not just annual. The next major drill, Ulchi Freedom Guardian, was scheduled for the end of Summer. It remains to be seen if they will occur as planned.
Now now... Who among us *hasn't* purchased multi-million dollar apartments in cash?
Agreed. Money laundring and other financial shenanigans will bring him down long before conspiracy. Easier to prove and there is almost always a trail of receipts, especially with people as dense as Trump and his family running things.
I am still pissed at Governor Skeletor for killing the high-speed train. I'm over in Disney regularly (annual pass holder) and the drive to/from Tampa is enough to make anyone mental. I-4 is the worst highway in the country, but let's not provide an alternate way to get from Tampa to Orlando. Nope. Let's just keep piling more cars onto that clusterfuck of an Interstate. What I'm saying is fuck Rick Scott.
So much the same, man. So much the same. This trainwreck could be seen a mile away.
Only as far as it brings Jeebus back. Evangelical Christians don't give a shit about the actual people living in Israel (Jews, Muslims and Druze, primarily).
They've built up this mythology that small town America is some how the best, and only true, representation of America when it's actually full of addiction, poverty, illiteracy, violence and every other shitty thing attributed to cities.
Can't wait until he gets his time in the barrel.
He's remaining independent, but voting for dems to get Trump out. He's not registering as a Dem. He's not seeking to change the Democratic Party. He's just strategically voting against the Trump-led GOP.
Seriously. Stop trying to make a Bolts/Panthers rivalry happen, NHL. It's not going to happen.
Can confirm.
ITT: People who have forgotten Trump's administration wants to reduce **legal** immigration, too.
I really thought this had to be a prank or photoshop or something, but different pictures from reputable agencies seem to show this idiot actually did this. Edit: [Confirmed by her spokesman to be true](https://twitter.com/Acosta/status/1009871069694627842). JFC
Eh..I don't think Melania is tactical enough to be distracting from anything political. If I had to guess, she's an angry, bitter woman and knows this move will embarrass the husband she hates.
She's an idiot for not divorcing him, when it's pretty clear she's miserable.
Planes can be quite cold, though I assume she flew Air Force something-or-the-other and could control the temperature. But that wasn't *that* weird to me. Source: In an office in 90 degree Florida with a hoodie on because the goddamn savages in my office park keep the place freezing.
I never felt bad for her. She's a birther and a gold digger. She made her (awful, orange infested) bed.
Have to SCUFF all those shoes to make it work.
&gt; Are they going to kidnap kids playing ball in the park 100 feet from their house? Probably? This administration is nuts.
GOOD.
I'd love to see karma come for this asshole. In spades.
Correct. He's renamed it at least twice since then. This guy is swimming in blood money.
We deal with the same crap with the Rays. St. Pete is a much smaller town and getting to the stadium from Tampa itself involves a bridge. Not to say there aren't *other* factors, but location is a big one.
Which is why I said "there are other factors" involved. I never suggested location was the only one.
This cat gets me.
Yup
Yep. They'll nominate and push through a Federalist judge in his 40s or 50s who will sit on the court for decades. We're sliding backwards for AT LEAST a generation.
Obama needed to announce in very clear terms what the Russians were doing well before the election, rather then the very tempered 'warning' he gave late in the game. He counted on everyone playing fairly and wanting the best for the country, even when it was obvious that wasn't the case.
Nowhere does OP indicate she is *not* on birth control. But she is correct, if she can't get sterilized and she absolutely, completely wants to avoid any chance of pregnancy if abortion is off the table, the ONLY way to do that is abstinence. Which was her point.
Preach it.
Not even arguably. It absolutely is. Kennedy's replacement will likely be on the bench close to two decades, if not longer.
Lifetime appointments hasn't been brought up much as a political issue. It's not just Supreme Court justices, but federal judges as well. The theory is that lifetime appointments prevent judges from making rulings for partisan reasons (to pander to a particular electorate) and frees the judge to focus on the legal merits of the case. There was also often a split in party rule which kept extreme judges from getting through Senate approval. The current single party rule makes it possible for the GOP to basically seat anyone they want, no matter how partisan or extreme.
Nah, my company moved me there and I like living indoors and eating daily.
I have several Latvian and Lithuanian friends. They *are* worried and have been since Trump first started spouting this nonsense on the campaign trail. When I was last there in 2016, a few months before the election, all anybody wanted to talk about is how fucked Trump's thoughts about NATO were.
Trump's base couldn't find Latvia on a map. Shit, those dumb fuckers couldn't find CANADA on a map. They give zero fucks about anything but "owning the libs."
No worries. We're all on edge with this bullshit. I'm worried for my friends in the Baltic countries. They've fought twice in the past 100 years to get independence and now they're facing getting rolled by Russia again and that fat, orange sack of shit is just gonna stand by.
We're around 1935 in the Hitler timeline. Two years into his reign and before any of the *really* oppressive shit started. It was in September 1935 that the Nuremberg laws were passed, which was the first "official" step towards isolating German Jews from the rest of the population. So...we've got a few months?
Yes. Poland is going through its own nationalist/populist thing right now.
&gt;It is not uncommon in fascist regimes for national resources and even treasures to be appropriated or even outright stolen by government leaders. Didn't he try to get a Van Gogh from a museum and they turned him down? [Yep, he did.](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/politics/ct-trump-guggenheim-golden-toilet-20180125-story.html)
It's a giant PITA to move overseas. Yes, there are specialty companies but they are expensive and not aimed towards the average person. I've down it twice (Europe and Japan) and ended up mailing myself the absolute essentials and carrying the rest in suitcases. This was before the stupid airline restrictions, though. It would be more expensive now. If you end up moving to Canada, you can rent a U-Haul and drive yourself. They're the only company that allows cross-border rentals. I did that once, too. It sucked, but I was able to bring more with me at least. I still opted not to take my furniture, as it was mostly Ikea stuff.
Narrator: he wasn't kidding
&gt; Is this a Florida thing? Yeah, somewhat. It's an extremely purple State. Generally extremists (except Rick Scott *cough*) won't win on a State level in Florida. So you had the Senate race in 2016 end up being between a spineless pos Republican (Rubio) and a spineless ex-Republican democrat (Murphy). Ironically, the House districts elect the more extremist candidates like nobody's business (Gaetz, DeSantis on the right and Grayson on the left just as a couple of examples). It's a very bipolar place.
The swamp just got 10 feet deeper.
Our local protest is tomorrow morning. I don't expect to be arrested, but if I am I won't be shocked.
I usually yell "THIS AGRESSION WILL NOT STAND" as I retake the gym.
Not just the Baltics, Putin wants to get the entire Soviet Union back together. But the Baltics are definitely part of it.
&gt; It's obvious the people protesting this issue don't even understand the situation and have no solution to offer. They just want to protest for the sake of protesting and in the process are affiliating with fringe ideologies that will only work to their detriment. Nice assumptions there. Speaking as someone who is currently chugging coffee down to get ready for a 10 am protest, you don't speak for *me* and you don't speak for the people I know actually doing something today besides playing tough guy on the internet. The right to assemble is a fundamental cornerstone of our society, but by all means shit on those who want their voices heard. Have you even **read** why people are protesting or did you just pull "open borders" out of your ass? I'll do you a solid and provide you, direct from the website, the purpose of the march: &gt;The goal of these actions is to make it clear to families, to the general public, to members of the media, and to government officials that the Trump administration’s family separation and “zero tolerance” policies are immoral, inhumane, and unpopular.
Fuck that guy. I'm protesting in 2 hours, because it's a direct action I can take to show my displeasure with our representatives in government. I also write and call regularly. Without protest and action, we wouldn't *have* a country. Protest is American.
[Here's a link](https://act.moveon.org/event/families-belong-together_attend1/search/). Protests are being held in most cities.
It's his "executive time" on the shitter.
Yep. Just got back from my local march and a big focus was introducing local candidates, voter registration and coordinating advocacy. These marches and protests are as much a springboard for further action as they are attempting to push a single policy agenda.
Absolutely. It's both to push a particular policy agenda (immigration reform in this case) *and* organize future activities. That's what I indicated above.
This is nice, but all our image files have to be under 500KB :-/
I admittedly haven't been keeping up that much with Syracuse this season. Between following a KHL team and 3 NHL teams, my hockey schedule is pretty full.
Nah, I knew they switched them. I just wish we'd invest the learning curve on Ingram and not Pasquale.
4-6 weeks was the original diagnosis. He's out until at least mid-December and AFAIK he's not even skating. I don't expect him back until after the XMas break.
ARE...ARE YOU SACRIFICING YOUR NIECE?
Persian or exotic. Hard to tell that young. But definitely one of the two.
Just announced: Pasquale https://twitter.com/dianacnearhos/status/1070093210607861760
Chag Sameach! I am a very bad Jew and haven't done much other that drink beer and yell at hockey this holiday.
Get well soon, Vasy. I'm old and take blood pressure medication.
Same, fam. So much same.
We're dealing with rats in the attic of our house right now. It's expensive and annoying. What I'm saying is I hope Marchand and the Bruins lose badly.
The best Sabres game was around December 2014. They were losing 5-0 and the whole thing was a shitshow to the point there was no more room in the damn penalty box. Boyle skates off the box doing the whole 'mi'lady' hat tip with his helmet past the Sabres. Someone was mic'ed up, don't remember who, and the banter inside the box was hysterical. I was laughing the whole game.
I'm here for 'FUCK THE BRUINS'.
Lovely! Looks like the old girl is in great shape.
Oooh, I respect the taps! I love craft beer and have homebrewed from time to time. Our house is a youngun (from 1923), but we've been busy as well. We just finished a kitchen reno because I needed a dishwasher. Dammit. We have a 4x6 pantry and it's the only real storage in our tiny 900 sq ft house. It's on the list.
I'm willing to find out.
I'm the opposite. I like Joe's writing better and he's really gone out of his way to interact with fans, holding meet ups during the playoffs and such. It certainly wasn't his call to let EE go. I have a subscription to Lightning Insider but EE's grammatical errors and typos make me twitch. I'm a writer by trade and if I had that many issues with public-facing articles, I think it would be hard to keep employment. It seems like his content is rushed and pretty thin, especially this season. Which I get, since it's not a full-time job for him right now. But I may not continue paying when I'm up for renewal. I just don't feel like he's providing additional "inside" material over the other options.
&gt; it could be due to the unprofessionalism he showed once he was let go Some of the things he said around that time and even since have been pretty cringe-worthy. How he was let go was *really* shitty, but I'm not sure he did himself any favors by his social media statements. I really liked his writing with the Trib and the history he had with the team gave him unique insight. But you're right. He's definitely lost that inside advantage.
He's rumored to have had scalp reduction surgery, so it's possible.
So. My bro is a huge Avs fan. Been trash talking me for days. Tonight. Was. A. Good. Night.
[Let's do that hockey](https://media1.tenor.com/images/db634ff82dda648c440e434547d8e7f7/tenor.gif?itemid=10316746). Edit: LOL Anthony DeAngelo. What an asshole.
Not a Rangers bar here, that I'm aware of. If there's a New Yorker 'local bar' I haven't found it. And I'm OK with that.
Yep. He's only a few years older than Vasy. Domingue still has the potential to be a starter somewhere if he can keep his groove.
The person who started the "You're our farm team" chant should get a star IMO. Decisive win. Send them and their fucking fans back to NY sad.
Very much not. Them and Detroit have been the worst fanbase in the playoffs in my experience. Even Boston wasn't as bad.
&gt;Except for Maine Coons they are basically one size fits all That's not entirely true. Cats are bred for different personalities, just like dogs were originally bred for different purposes (retrieving, ratting, companionship) and recently certain cat breeds are also bred for level of allergen production. Maine Coons are only one example of purebred cats. One of the most well-known, but not fundamentally bred differently than any other breed such as a Persian, Siamese, Ragdoll, Bengal or Siberian. Maine Coons are bred to be large, intelligent and very independent. Siamese are talkers and can be quite aloof. Bengals are extremely athletic and tend to take to harnesses better than most. Siberians are good for those with allergies. Persians are lap cats which are great for smaller spaces and older people. You get the idea. Personally, I've lived with Persians (and now an exotic) all my life because my family does well with laid-back cats and we have a small home. I've also rescued cats and those are much more of a crap shoot for personality. Doesn't mean I loved them any less, but there were issues with jumping on counters, scratching furniture and needed activity level that I've never had with a Persian. That said, it's entirely possible to find rescue purebred cats, as it is dogs, if you look around and are willing to wait.
I have hives all over my body and my tickets to tonight's game didn't sell, so I'll be there in a super unhappy state. What I'm saying is FUCK THE LEAFS.
Hoping so!
It's Vasy: https://twitter.com/BBurnsNHL/status/1073238853278937089
I dunno. I still think him ramming headfirst full-speed into Hedman in the SCF was the highwater Bish play.
I have lowers for sale. Section 114 row D (4 rows off ice, Bolts shoot twice). $200 for the pair and can throw in STM discount. It's face value.
This season has been brutal for resale in Tampa. I have tickets 4 rows off the ice to tonight's game that I can't move for face value ($100 each). Speculation is that too many Tampa STMs are reselling.
Fatigue is part of it. Several long seasons the past few years. We also have a weird schedule this season where our most popular game night is Thursday and we have fewer weekend games than we have in the past. All these weeknight games wear the fanbase (me!) down. They've also been raising the prices on tickets, especially lower bowl, substantially since 2014-2015. The casual fan in Tampa is gonna balk at suddenly being asked to pay $100 for a ticket that was $75 or less just 3 seasons back. Even when I lived in Toronto back in 2008-2014 it was hard to get in the door for less than $100 and that was usually standing room only and no booze (NO SALE).
Who has now lost the starter net in the KHL.
&gt; When we lose the Cup, we don't burn our own city down. No, we just keep Seventh Ave in business. Source: Drank a lot in Ybor in 2015.
Username checks out.
TyJo - Tyler Johnson
&gt; Bucco Bruce Not even a question. Bruce all the way.
He was playing in Russia and his KHL team refused to pay for shoulder surgery (IIRC) he needed. The Bolts stepped in just after drafting him and I think that meant a lot to his relationship with the team and willingness to come to North America.
It's a talent.
Yep. I'm married to a Canadian and the process to get him his green card when we moved from Canada to the US - after being married *6* years - was time consuming and expensive. We were lucky because his company got him a work visa (transfer) so we could live together here in the US. The green card was pre-Trump. Now he's looking at getting naturalized after his waiting period as a permanent resident and what used to be a 3-6 month wait is now, he's told, approaching at least 2 years for the paperwork. Why? Trump has mandated that all cases be "slowed down" for extra review as part of their plan [to halve ALL immigration](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/02/us/politics/trump-immigration.html). Trump doesn't want legal immigrants, either. Not even white French Canadians, apparently.
Bolts Sharks Sabres (also Dinamo Riga)
This guy dive bars.
I wouldn't count on it. There is heavy demand for this game (I've had at least 5 people inquire on my lower seats) and the Bolts have sold out every game for a few seasons now. I would expect the box office to be slim pickings. You're better off hitting up the resellers or buy 3rd party through Ticketmaster.
Divorce night on Saturday just got spicier.
Still adjusting to life in Florida. Still a not-so-closet Habs fan :P
See if /u/doctormilhouse has sold his. I know he'll be in Vegas that weekend. ^^WATCHING ^^ME ^^GET ^^MARRIED
Oh fuck all that. Maybe we'll go to Sparkman's Wharf.
The Biergarten is awesome. I dunno what the Frenchie wants to do. It's really up to /u/kylmak as it's his doom we're heading towards.
We bought a new grill yesterday and are staying home, grilling steaks, lounging in the hot tub and popping a nice bottle of Prosecco at midnight. If I can figure out how to watch the game from said hot tub? All the better. 2018 sucked ass. I'm ready for a fresh year.
My current plan is to bring out my old laptop and sign in to stream via Sling TV (we subscribe). That way if something goes wrong, it's just a 4 year-old crappy laptop that gets destroyed.
Pointe shoes haven't changed in hundreds of years, not that someone doesn't come along now and then and suggest that improvements could and should be made. But the ballet world is steeped in tradition and doesn't change quickly. How banged up your feet get is really depends on how often you dance and how frequently you are on pointe. It's the professionals top-tier dancers who end up with feet like this. Source: 13 years of ballet. Knees and ankles completely fucked. Feet OK because I wasn't on pointe much and wasn't a professional.
AS IS TRADITION, YOU WERE REPORTED.
It's made me nervous for ages.
Knees and ankles for me. My ankles were the first to go.
&gt;this is totally normal? It's only normal for professional dancers who are on pointe a lot. The average girl dancing for fun in a local school/production does not experience this particular problem, but ballet as a whole puts a huge strain on the female body and the culture can be quite unhealthy at competitive levels. Eating disorders and drug abuse are extremely common and there is an insane amount of pressure to look a "certain" way with regard to body size and shape (and ethnicity if we're being honest). There has been progress on some fronts in the past few decades, but it's slow going. Suggest reading Gelsey Kirkland's "Dancing on my Grave" if you're interested. TL;DR - your kid dancing in the holiday production of Nutcracker doesn't have these feet, but ballet at the highest levels can be really toxic.
I think he's pretty happy playing at home. He looked good in Worlds, though he was mostly against easier competition. Nothing stellar enough to interest a North American team is my guess, though.
My 900 sq ft beach bungalow from 1923 had 17 windows and 5 doors when we bought it. We're down to 4 doors and converted one double door to a single. There are 2 front doors - a double set and a single - currently and we're planning on eliminating the single to restore the living room to something like it's original configuration. We're planning on taking out the window in the pantry, because wtf is there a window in the pantry and one of the huge windows in the laundry room. Don't even get me started on the interior openings/doors. Too many damn doors.
We ended up at a local sports bar and I was worried there would be some Boston fans in the crowd. Nope. Whole bar erupted when the Blues scored. Good on ya', Seminole Heights.
Social House - the new place.
Mine's tricked out in Disney magnets, so kinda the same thing. LOL
Was waiting for your comment on the bourbon choice.
[He works for Columbus now](https://www.espn.com/nhl/story/_/id/25817578/columbus-blue-jackets-hire-martin-st-louis-help-guide-special-teams), so that information is basically accurate..
Nah, he chose his path. He's made repeated choices not to be a Bolt, up to and including working for Columbus after demanding a trade to NY* to be "close to family", and I feel we should respect that. *Spoiler alert - NY is not close to Columbus
Looks like a dollface Shaded Silver Persian. Or at least some variation thereof. The eyeliner and green eyes are a giveaway.
The name Lindback still is a trigger for me.
It's the same person who owns both. He sent this lovely text message out to the pub's loyalty club last night. https://imgur.com/a/e4VSZyM
It took me a good 2-3 reads to try and figure out WTF he was saying. They were asking patrons who had legal firearms to assist in "protecting" the pub a few days ago, so I'm not surprised to hear they were up to jackassery.
It's long gone from there. They took it out several years back.
Florida is why we can't have nice things.
I've long been worried about the travel the talent has to do to/from Orlando. For those who live local it's not a huge deal, but for the someone like Renee commuting from Vegas that's a huge risk in itself.
