Auction House has been brought up a multiple of different times, years apart from each other, and Chris Wilson has never been a fan of them at all and his opinion hasn't changed. The only auction house POE is ever going to get is the fucking Chinese client one.
&gt; but he is going to have to cave to some extent on this before too long. no, no he doesn't. He has a firm a philosophy of how this game is supposed to be played. He didn't even want softcore in this game when he first made it. You're really confusing Chris with AAA stock holding gaming companies. This has been years like this, and it was brought up recently on a podcasts. Auction Houses are not something they are even entertaining, saying it's going to "happen" cause of your feels is silly.
Because it's bad logic. Just because he CAN doesn't me DOES. So you had bad RNG on the rolls, is there any other reason why you'd think he scams people? Do you have other people claiming something similar? I hope you see how this one thing seems super minor, and POSSIBLE and your whole reasoning is just you think he could scam. It doesn't hold up to well when there are mountains of other people who claim nothing but legit service.
Op this is going to be a last ditch effort, but it helped me and my pc isn't really bad. You want to delete your shader precache folder (it's in the main install directory of POE) and you also want to delete the minimap cache "Make sure delete Minimap folder sometimes in your C:\Users\"username"\Documents\My Games\Path of Exile , This fix lag caused by Abbys and Breaches" - would like to add it also fixed lag with syndicate ambushers. https://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/2089358 I also disabled a couple of random things windows had renabled over time in services.msc but this took awhile to do and also not sure on the benefit it really had. But the first two things I tried and instantly noticed the game being a lot smoother.
hahah my lil bro (5 years younger) use to do this same exact thing! Like literally, he had to lay on top of me! If I fell asleep on the couch, he'd go and lay on the top part of the couch leaning on me. LOL that's too funny
This was me with Disfavour this league. I honestly stopped keeping track after awhile it became so depressing to think about.
The perfect crime. Goddamn man, congrats on the HH. This is like the best league to get one if you like farming the 5 way emblem fights. It's insane with a HH.
lol right? at least have an alibi that COULD save you. I 100% would have claimed it's someone catfishing with my info, especially since he is a streamer his info is generally a bit more public than others. But saying it's a "joke" isn't going to blow over well, it certainly wouldn't save someone. No spouse is going to just accept the fact you're on a dating app as a joke, that's stupid as fuck.
Yeah the incursion shooter mobs are no joke. Idk if OP got to maps in that league or played at all, but this was a common theme people would experience. My absolute best suggestion is when entering any incursion, to wait a solid 3-4 seconds to see if anything is going to attack you first and then to prioritize the ranged stuff if you can get to it fast, otherwise take a different path that limits where they can shoot and come from a better position. This is literally one of the best times to precast defensive options when you enter, like say a chaos, jade or granite flasks. Sometimes when you're running extra%dmg mods and other dmg mods though you're just going to open a door and be shot dead before leaping/whirling/whatever. This is for real. Generally you start to recognize the temple room layouts better and path optimally so you're as close as possible when you engage the shooters (assuming your character doesn't offscreen stuff, which in that case, that is all you should be doing versus those mobs.) At the same time those melee soldier guys can pack a huge punch, especially now with the slower but heavier hits mobs have now. The shooters and those guys are basically all I worry about in Incursions.
dang, did he craft that mace?
so this makes it a collectors item right? ;) no one is that stupid.... are they? oh man
The best part is most these job openings are for servers / bartenders, which seems pretty accurate as to a common job comedians need to work before they can make a living off their craft.
Yeah, tbh I don't do it very often, only when I'm on some red insane mods map. And in that case, I'm usually on guard anyways. It's one of those things that say 90% of the time you didn't have to wait, nothing was going to hurt you bad-- but the other 10% when you see a volley off 100s of projectiles shoot you while immune and you're thankful.
He actually rescues the balls and shelters them till he can find the right family for each ball. He is a saint.
Right? Just look at the thousands and thousands of young kids that have been or are still detained. Everyone who crosses the border illegally isn't some terrible human. There is of course really nasty people who do get across though. But the vast majority of them are not hardened criminals, they are trying to escape a land of serious crime and danger. They are doing what most of anyone of us would do when faced with the options of death or migration.
That's so fucking gross. Shameless has no bounds.
boogie1488 comin in yet again with a brilliant take about his own victimhood.
Damn dude, that is super fucking unlucky. Not even a single Gluttony drop? You got bad rng bro ;)
Yup, but I'd also like to mention the newer divination card, [[The Nurse]] (8 of them = 1 Doctor card) is also a viable way to farm a headhunter/doctor cards. Personally, I enjoyed this method a bit more than burial chambers. Burial chambers (or spider forest) you could do over a thousand maps and not ever see a doctor and that, to me, can be super disheartening and can play on my morale too much. The Nurse cards, while still rare, drop more so it's a bit more consistent, but you can still have long luls between cards, just not as insane as pure doctor card farming can be.
reminds me of diablo2 low level duel / ultimate twinked out shenanigans. Literally spending Ber runes (rarer than an exalt) to get godly magic and rare items with tons of life and damage for pvp. Watching people call hacks when you oneshot them lol
Maybe then we could see all those infamous C O L L E C T O R S buying unid 6linked items I hear about from this sub
LOL I hear you, typed that joke out and was 50/50 if I was gonna be downvoted and make mocked for the collectors comment. I've made a few of these jokes and it's still a bit random which way it goes. You said it best there though, sure a handful of people may be buying random rare/unique one of a kind items, but I there is hardly much if a real market.
18 is the right age to be making ignorant decisions like that. I would mention the swastika though, nothing makes that acceptable to tattoo that. Good luck
Especially versus those super juiced up spear chucking rare guys from the legion encounters. I've been running a lvl 18 vaal molten shell specifically to pop the shield right before I engage/have a bunch of the rares on my screen. So far after doing this, besides my own stupid mistake I've yet to die after doing this. It has significantly increased my survivability on those crazy modded red maps with some of these legion rares. Really is MVP for me right now, love it. Being slightly more in control of defensive skills like this is great too.
so you're the person those math textbooks would mention buying thousands of avocados.
Can confirm too, I've used a couple of random distros in my time (also not knowing even the basics of linux too) in order to fix windows installs / usually bootloaders. Or something like using recovery tools on a certain harddrive before I completely wipe it because it was corrupted or something. Linux legit allows you to fix some of the dumbest shit that can happen to windows, it's truly a gift.
meanwhile my brain didn't even notice the spelling mistake lol
You ever just eat at place so bad you wonder how in the hell they stay in business? Also, isn't it kinda hard to not use your position to influence people into NOT going to certain places, potentially crippling them (assuming your audience is big enough, I honestly don't know!) I consider myself a highly critical person, but I generally keep my mouth shut because I hate confrontation or really even just a simple debate about who has the best tacos or something. I guess what I'm trying to say is how do you potentially deal with the fact that what you write can possibly impact a business to the brick of closure? Is this even a thing anymore, or has the internet become so big even a scaving piece on a terrible experience won't affect much in the long run? Food critics use to hold a lot of weight when people read magazines and newspapers a lot. Now anyone with a phone is a critic but that doesn't mean instagram pictures of food can really replace a refined pallet with lots of food experience such as yourself..
I only crash now when I alt tab while loading into a zone 50/50 of the time. The stability for me has been better-- but I've not always been this fortunate so I really had no real reason to mention it. There is also the awkward situation this post has presented even though it doesn't seem intended-- the game is supposed to run fine/no crashes. It's a bit redundant to say your game is fine-- it's supposed to be. The reason you see so many "complaining" threads is because they aren't as lucky and IT SHOULD be addressed and fixed. People in say Brazil haven't been able to properly play POE for over a year cause of server shit and they have to make threads every single day about it and nothing is really changing for them but they keep trying and apparently that IS what it takes sometimes when problems are being ignored or just not taken as serious as similar issues.
Well that and there isn't very little most people can do about it. Fixing or even just slowing down the situation would require a complete restructure of both society and world economies. And the people who have the power to change any of that are more concerned with how to add another million to the bank.
Goddamnit I don't need your techno jargon JUST FIX IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
The kicker? The UAE and a few other select rich middle eastern countries have a massive obsession with American fast food which has significantly increased obesity where these food places pop up. In some places too-- fast food is more of a richer person thing compared to how it's more commonly considered just cheap food here.
There is like 10 companies (with a ton of child/sister companies) that run the food industry. They've made it very clear that they will continue to push for subsidies in the corn industry until the end of time. They continue to find ways to put more and more additives to food with the literal goal of making their food addicting. While maybe "addicting" could be considered an extreme here, it really is the goal to create loyal customers who have massive endorphin and dopamine pumped through them eating their products. It's kinda gross to me, but fuck it, really on the bottom of my list of fucked up shit going on in this world. But in other countries, especially like India, Monsanto is literally killing people with how they've controlled farming and farmers to be essentially indentured servants. They aren't the only ones, but India is a huge place that is sorely affected by the extreme capitalism being imposed on them just to survive. Sometimes they don't make enough to and just end it all because they have no other escape with their debts. It's fucking sad as hell.
dude just play slayer cyclone. With 25ex you could go sword crit and be pretty tanky with how leech works for eHP and if you get a 6 linked multi modded sword or a Starforge. You'll have like 10+ ex left over and can buy a kaoms heart, devotos helm and then pimp out your rings... You could probably find a good ring with curse on hit assasin's mark with life and physical dmg + res for how much ex you got. I went with disfavour and non crit but I know if I had went that other route shit would be melting so fast. But instead of changing my build I bought 1 inspired learning with all my currency after getting my essentials and it has done me well. But I'm not 100% sure if I had gone starforge/sword crit if it would really be a lot better or not. I couldn't afford to go both, but for you, I don't think spending 80% of your budget one jewel is very wise but it can also be your next big item once you get your build going to really put it over the top for farming legion content. Right now you get two buffs from the frozen enemies when you tag them and also when they unfreeze you get one of their buffs as well. Kinda crazy imo.
A big issue in America (and other places but I'm not knowledged enough to drop names) is literal [food deserts.](http://americannutritionassociation.org/newsletter/usda-defines-food-deserts) I mean just look at this: http://americannutritionassociation.org/sites/default/files/food-deserts.jpg It's insane-- a lot of low income places do not have the option a lot of other people do. They have a corner market and fast food for miles and miles. So while I agree with you to stop eating that shit, it's not actually possible for some people unless they really put a lot of effort into which for various reasons wont realistically happen. They've made food into a drug in a way and eating habits can be incredibly hard to change when you've got no options around you.
Even that would just be a bandaid. Socialist countries can still have massive militaries polluting like crazy and there is also nothing inherently about socialism that is pro-environment. That is why I said a complete structure of society and economy. It would have to a global effort with every major country on board and actually reducing or completely stopping the thousands of different ways we've destroying the earth, atmosphere and everything that matters to humans. So no, I don't think that would be the answer. Unless we're talking a mass exodus of current politicians all around the world not trying to fix our endless issues and stopping all military movement around the world and actually FIXING shit, not just slowing it down. Changing just governments is like hitting the e-break going 150 mph in a honda civic. Good luck with that.
It's true. There are tons of people who go into LEOs thinking they are going to be the one who changes the system from the inside or improves how things are handled and can go into with a positive and productive attitude. But then they just become silent dopes, accepting the fact they got 15 more years till their pension so they play it all out and shake their head and say they tried. The thin blue line is no joke and it's pretty much never going to change because at this point IT IS the way the system works and will continue to work. No one person is going to change this shit.
Such a surprise people with low intellect gravitate to authoritarian positions because they love being told what to do and already decided they are righteous before any action has taken place. They get just enough power to be fulfilled and loyal to their cause-- no matter what happens. We can literally watch videos of people with their hands up being shot and every single cop will say he had a gun in his hand when the victim died. This is a reality.
Bernie literally causes some of these people to have nightmares. Others just laugh because fathoming things he has purposed would utterly gut them financially (yet they will still have tons of money still lol.) So to them, he is like the devil, it should be no surprise to anyone that people who are directly benefiting from our current systems would be incredibly opposed to a "radical" threatening their current livelihood.
They are building islands too. They are showing the world it's a hoax by making artificial land in the water which surely will *not* be overtaken by water as our ice caps continue to melt at a rapid pace.
I was thinking the same thing and also was having a similar discussion in another sub about this. It's incredible the lengths some of these big farmers and lobbyists will do to get as much money as possible to make their corn syrup/starch whatthefuckever. The weird part is I can actually see big farms eventually becoming government or closely tied to government property. Subsidies might eventually just become full on support if our current crop situation continues.
Yeah there is actually a ton of ways socialism could fix or lessen our burdens of extreme, late stage capitalism and our constant need for overconsumption and waste. IMO it's mostly all capitalisms fault, so any direction away from the current capitalist system of always needing more and to grow, etc... would be the right direction and socialism would be the bandaid but we'd still need a lot of work done in a lot of areas and it would also require extremely delicate relationships with every country. There are parts of capitalism that do work, in the lower stages of forming ideas and useful products and things people want. But the issue IMO is it's a hungry beast that constantly wants to eat more. That isn't something we can maintain without serious and dire consequences.
I'm kinda at that point in my mentality too. All it takes is 5 minutes on r/collapse and I already feel dead inside.
Honestly IMO the only thing for cyclone that matters is the right talent points in ascendancy (overleech), a badass weapon, and as much life and +added physical damage as you can manage. Those maim chests are sick as fuck but honestly they can take your entire 25ex to craft one. I'm not sure about prices to buy so I can't say how much it would cost. But it's not mandatory. The thing is getting just the right amount of +weapon range from various ways like the skill trees and items like Daresso's Salute. I personally have found out that stacking a ton of weapon range seemed good but after switching back to less range for more damage (mainly for the tanky generals, everything else dies in 1 hit) it feels good and has enough AOE to clear every pack. That is all that matters. You just have to find the right balance that feels good for aoe for you. Quality on your cyclone matters and so does pulverize i think. I can't link you a build but cyclones is generic enough I think you could figure it yourself just looking at some of the top slayers on poe.ninja. That's usually what I do, I can get a lot of inspiration just be peaking at people's setups and just try out what looks good to me. Physical DPS with pride and other auros like blood and sand are harder to calculate and these builds are not Path of Building godly looking. Like my tooltip says 175k unbuffed in base but when I got all my flasks and on kill effects going it's well over 500k dps with my disfavour and some +physical dmg rings and talents and now the inspired learning which really put this build way over the top fast.
Dude, I'll be honest, as an American, we fucking suck ass at protesting now. Like during the 60s and 70s that was some real shit going down. Hundreds of thousands of people gathering and spending weeks or even months doing a protest was a common thing. The closest we've got in recent history to that level of protesting was the Occupy movement. And while I agreed with the message-- I don't think a single positive change really came from all of it. I honestly do feel like we're defeated when it comes to peaceful protests. They do not have the same effect as before-- for whatever reason that maybe. Could be the huge advances in technology which, imo, makes so many people comfortable and complacent, right now governments and other corrupt upper class doing everything they can to milk everyone and everything they can before they die. I'm personally kinda of sad that we've reached the point where almost half the population (or more?) is NOT voting at all, you've got chunks of the population being systematically prevented from voting (and there is dozens of ways this is happening too) and really our protests for almost everything are on the small side. I mean if you just compare us the Hong Kong protests right now, I don't think we've ever reached their level, not even half as many people out in the streets. Let's face it, Americans have lost a lot of their passion for Democracy and freedom. We are at the stage where we just accept being walked all over, taken advantage of in every different way in society from medical, school, business fucking everything! We're lazy as shit. We're not getting anything done. And we all have nothing but ourselves and these corrupt fucking dr. evil type mother fuckers to blame.
Is this maybe why someone flipped the fuck out on me the other day for buying an item from them and right when I went to their hideout I clicked "trade" like I always do? Apparently this was highly disrespectful to him because I didn't wait for him to TRADE ME first. Is that how it works also in Warframe? Like he was really upset and telling me this was poe etiquette but dude I've been playing since there was literally only three acts and we used reduced mana support gem with auras to have like 5 or 6 auras without any other investment lol and none of that has ever been a thing. edit: so apparently this does bother people. If you'd be so kind as to enlighten me as to why it matters who sends the trade request while in the middle of a trade, tha'd be great, thanks.
I think alot of them don't know how to split stacks. I notice this too. I will get 5-6 currency over, always in the full stack. I've tried to tell them after how to split but I don't think they fully understand my wording. I know some of them have actually pretty good english, but I think others may use a translator because sometimes what is put into english text just doesn't make any sense or they are just new to english.
IDK what it is about that popup but holy shit I start nerd shaking if I see it when I'm in the middle of a fight. There really is something about it that is just rude as hell. It's like "drop everything you're doing and trade me right the fuck now."
yeah pretty much always a rule of thumb to mute people who spam. I wont do it for maps since I know how that goes sometimes. But if it's some 2c/3c ring or whatever, just wait you fucker, I'm not leaving my zana for that bullshit right now.
Yeah I got full faith it will get better. A lot of the Koreans I've traded with can be some of the nicest people ever and super thankful if you hook them up in any way too. A lot of them say thank you too now which can't always be said about the pre-korean player base, not that it really matters in the end though. But from my experience it does seem it's just all new to them so of course there is going to be some different experiences we may have with them for the time being.
Seriously? I've never heard this before and no I play a lot. I really can't realisitcally see how in any way it would matter, in fact sending the trade request saves the seller time because they can just click accept as soon as the item is in their inventory from the stash screen. If you think about it, it's savin the seller one or two actions--time and time matters more than anything in this game. But being BOTHERED by having a trade request to players is sad, like seriously, if this bothers you, you've got some serious issues because it's practically meaningless in the grand scheme of things-- we are doing a trade, it does not matter who sends the fucking request that is dumb as shit.
In warframe is the trade popup like POE where you can just continue doing whatever it is you do in your inventory/stash to get the item ready for trade then once you get the item you just click accept?
Ok yeah that sounds annoying as shit then, I'd hate that.
Sorry-- I was really directing it at you, more like yelling into the air trying to figure out some people perspective on this one. It's definitely not one I've ever really put thought into until that person flipped out on me for sending the request first-- which they promptly canceled and then invited me to trade. Like, that is all it was, they just wanted to be in control of clicking trade, seemed like a huge waste of time because of tradition or whatever it is that makes people think this matters.
Sending the trade request while they are in their base with no one else there is pushy? Damn.
The thing is the trade request just sits there till you're ready. I feel like people just don't like having that button there at all. From all the responses it just seems like we view it differently. Personally, I don't care if I get an trade request right when I enter my hideout, I don't have to click it and as soon as the item is in my inventory, I click accept on the trade and bam, we're trading. That's just how I view it I guess. Thanks!
Yeah what you described isn't really what I meant. I'm only really talking about sending a trade request, right when I get into their base, there is no one else there, and they are already in their hideout and shit. They just click the button when there ready. TBH the majority of people just don't care when I do it-- at least enough to say anything. This was a first for me and it just felt odd, it's just a button lol. This isn't like spamming them or w/e, if they decline it right away I just wait, np. Most people just leave it there till they got their item.
You know what also really sucks, is that pretty much everyone who contributes anything to society is funding the machine. The military industrial complex being the main one. There are sister and child companies under these big defense industries that sell common everyday things to people. It all feeds the beast. You have to be super select in what you buy and do if you don't want to contribute to it. But it's basically impossible unless you don't pay taxes and just avoid the thousands of different products these child companies are selling. It's really surreal when you think about how you personally are contributing to some fucked up shit, iraq, afghanistan, yemen, syria, libya and we can't forget the atrocities we did in all of south and central america. You can't stop it unless you leave or just become invisible in society I guess... or living off the land somewhere with no one knowing / no tax man.
it's new to me damnit!
dude check out r/fatsquirrelhate r/AsbestosRemovalMemes
LOL that works, good idea
That sounds nice actually, damn
He is like the dog who wolfs too much. He just keeps yapping, yet people listen. Something something we live in society.
...in 1944? Congrats on having one of the least informed opinion out there, actually impressive.
Laws don't matter if they aren't enforced though. Is that enforced? Would they arrest this pax in your state do you think?
The huge kicker with flying is people are wayyy to fucking selfish to give this up ANYTIME soon. Literally the sky could be falling and Linda would be fucking PISSED if she couldn't get 2 hour flight from SF to LA.
These thirsty incels really out here jerking it to random women in a maga hat? what a weird sub man
Yeah I'm inclined to agree. I think it would also really depend on where you live. In *most* big cities, sometimes it can a couple DAYS for them to come by to fill out reports. But I could sell smaller cities/towns whatever being a lot more cooperative with this whole thing ASSUMING the driver has enough proof of course, which also is another thing that could make this kinda difficult to pull off.
Same, it has been even longer for me, haven't really kept track but I've taken trains now when I do my bi-yearly trip from SF to LA(actually Santa Barbara, but not sure if most ppl know what that is.)
come on dude, we all know this was a covert way for you to flaunt all those el runes. I see you mr. bill gates. congrats though bud, it's a good feeling when hardwork pays off!
The cop shot him, duh!
"Everybody disliked that" ^^for ^^the ^^record ^^I ^^never ^^seen ^^it ^^before, ^^so ^^it's ^^new ^^to ^^me ^^damnit!
You could say it was a nasty burn. Dude got grilled hella hard.
proud of you
dude what the fuck. this person is not fit to lead even a little league team. how out of touch with reality can one person be. also he is just erasing all of the culture that was integral to slaves that was FORCIBLY IMPORTED to America and has carried on a lot of traditions that are still relevant today. There is more brought to America too like food, music, dance, stories/lore holy shit this man is fucked in the head The media isn't even gonna talk about this too which is one of the worst parts on top of how terrible this man is.
This is a solid political strategy, Cenk is pandering to the lib vote (while also probably believing everything he says too lol)
what a fucking idiot. Everyone knows you have to be 18 to vote, which btw, BABY yoda is not (as he is a child and children are not allowed to vote.) fucking morons, absolute dunce
It's also not even solvable from our end unless we actually band together as a populus and do something like a general strike, halting the economy and creating demands from those in power/of wealth. Otherwise, donations like this are simply a bandaid (a good one tho) to the problem and not really solving anything, just minimizing some level of suffering in one small part of the world.
which is actually 12 in yoda years, CHECK YOUR MATH GUY
that's right
This is correct. Definitely a late 90s thing, at least in Nor Cal it was dead by 2000 here besides a few hold out roller bladers who spent so much money on them they couldn't justify not wearing them.
is this a serious question
Also thankfully god is on America's side, it's in the bib-- er, the constitution
Milky marinated pickles are actually incredibly good
please don't make me add a slash s to my posts ty
I like my racists to have empty eyes and smile as they erode my rights, that's democracy.
This post perfectly encompasses khive Twitter's disdain and pure ignorance on a pro-proletariat policy like M4A. They hate Bernie more than Trump and then call themselves the resistance. This is how fascism wins and it's horrifying how clearly visibly it's happening. This goes beyond "leftist infighting." This is straight up siding with the right wing just to feel vindicated about their candidate having a horrible campaign and dropping out. I genuinely don't know how it's possible to deworm these brains. &lt;Insert liberals hate socialists more than fascists quote here&gt;
😘 😘 😘
that's right
hey if you cuties gonna make out can you please invite me to watch in the corner of the room, I promise to not interrupt and be quiet and I'll bring the white claws and mango juul pods ty &lt;3
Banned
this fuckin rips hell yeah
Nobody on here could even pass the physical rofl
I was just thinking lately about how weak of an anti-war/intervention movement we have now in the US. I hardly ever hear anyone bring it up besides some people on this sub and some niche corners of twitter. We've kinda become so jaded with the endless wars in the middle east that the media basically doesn't report on at all anymore. I'm eagerly awaiting all the libertarians and right wing anti-interventionists to be ringing bells and sounding whistles about this one ;) oh yeah and Jake Tapper is gonna write another two books, calling it now.
Nah not really. It makes strategic sense in that weird fucked up American way of doing things as easy and stupid as possible to escalate things. Doesn't seem like that far fetched of a prediction to me. Especially considering the Iraq protests at the embassy and neocons and oil lobby getting stiffies thinking about war
Pretty normal tbh, there is always a bunch of hard charging idiots who think killing brown people overseas is peak Americanism. Lots of the time it's only idle talk but there for sure is a percent of our population that have blood lust and really are *legal* murderers.
Yeah, appetizers only, only on Monday-Thursday, 11am-4pm only. The Pell grant of Applebees discounts, not to be used in combination with Happy Hour discounts.
Post pics of your series of tubes then
ooooh baby, that's the stuff, thank you
Definitely. Also not including some of the proxy wars that aren't even technically recognized as "invasions" and also didn't include all the times we helped sovereign countries with their uhhh "elections."
uhhh excuse me, I thought this was America
Yeahhhh this fucking sucks and has been a constant thing stuck in the back of my head ever since I learned about Pence and other evangelicals view of the world. Truly is astounding me how more people don't talk about this type of shit in media as a clear conflict of interest in how we operate foreign policy. Then I realize I'm a fucking lib and no one actually cares who we kill overseas cause America can do no wrong in the eyes of media and liberals besides when one of our troops dies, then it's sad for 5 minutes and we continue manufacturing consent for more deaths.
you challenging me to a good 'ol fashion wrassle??? Let me get my leotard and luchadore mask on, one moment please, takes a minute to slip into this thing, it's really tight.
He isn't bound by no rules, he made it the fast lane
Power grids too. https://www.gao.gov/assets/710/701079.pdf I believe hospitals also have issues with their networks too. I haven't really looked too much into it though, but have seen some random stuff floating around about actual equipment too https://www.wired.com/2014/04/hospital-equipment-vulnerable/
Just child care in the US is so insanely expensive, I truly don't understand how so many people working even median wage jobs stay afloat who have to rely on paid child care. Quick google says the average price is $11,666 a year. That's just one expense of the many for kids. Shoestring budgets. And single parents got it really bad without any form of government subsidy or family helping out.
wow wowww, I might be a total piece of trash, but I ain't about to sell out to Ticketmaster. We will do this independently or don't do it at all before I partner with something that evil ;)
thank you for your service o7 but this really should have been the volcel police because I'm getting horny on main rn thinkin about smooth bernie
hah yeah it's pretty whack how big of a monopoly they got on the business, really wish we could break them up, or at the least, stop allowing the non-compete clause they put in the contracts with all of the venues. But real talk, in the midwest and south, people just straight up make their own wrestling rings for the backyard stuff. That's the really the way to do it.
that's right
You should see what happens to the ones that don't fall in line for cadence. Not good.
facts no longer matter in this world so I'm just gonna say yes
hunter2
sorry, it was my password manager, it's a little wonky, still learning how to use it. My bad about that.
Pay ALL of the volunteer fire fighters who have been at it for over a month without pay at this point. Many volunteer fire fighters don't even have proper breathing protection. He could be releasing funds to give these workers some actual safety protection so they don't end up getting asthma or lung cancer from the extreme smoke. These people are working every single day for weeks. He has only agreed to pay a small section of them so far, most of these people also need money to survive since they aren't working their normal jobs! It also took him weeks to request the dire help needed from the US for extra fire fighters, especially the water tankers that are crucial in saving homes and lives. He should be asking for more honestly, there has never been a bush fire this large in recorded history, it's bigger than all California and Brazilian/Amazon fires COMBINED right now. He also refuses to acknowledged climate change is a real. So much so he brought a block of coal to parliament to tell everyone how great it is. There is a lot more stuff, there is a ton he could be doing. Oh yeah, one last thing, stop touching people who don't want to be touched and then walk away and ignore them as they plead for help: https://twitter.com/SeanBradbery/status/1212685428454612992 (she also requests more money for the fire services too)
idk dude she sent a sassy tweet the other day complaining that Trump didn't let her rubber stamp approval on this airstrike. I think that's some solid resistance right there.
yes but be sure to use starbucks wifi with a spoofed # so you dont get in trouble
best part is it's very likely half or more of Biden's entire voting base doesn't know how to text. Rotary phones just simply were never going to be compatible with the new age of technology. Shame.
Also a reminder that Libya still has an open slave trade going on. It also preys on the unfortunate people fleeing war and violence in other destabilized regions, which very very likely is also related to US foreign policy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2S2qtGisT34 Neera is an absolute ghoul and has no empathy at all. Dante's Inferno didn't create enough layers of hell for someone like her to be cast down into. She is fascism with a smile and it's fucking gross.
I have food at my grocery store though so capitalism is lit af
Not sure what else anyone could call this but a full on ecological collapse in certain regions. We've already seen reports posted here about ~500,000,000 animals dead. I well and truly believe it will be much higher than this as we have still about month left of bush fire season. They also just had another "worst day ever" yesterday in terms of fire being spread. I keep reading reports on the [NSW Rural Fire Service's](https://twitter.com/NSWRFS) twitter alerts about the [Pyrocumulonimbus](https://twitter.com/mortie23/status/1213376917350404097) effect happening which is creating new fires from the lightning due to the atmosphere completely changing from the massive amount of smoke. The feedback loop is insane. While the human toll so far is much less than their other major fires ([Black Saturday Bushfire] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_Saturday_bushfires) as one example) from my understanding the ecological toll is much greater already. I'm thinking a lot of the new safety protocols in place since the last major bush fire and the diligence of fire fighters and volunteers + social media giving people a better idea of when and where to evacuate is saving many lives. Unfortunately there isn't much that can be done for these animals though.
oops, good catch
what the fuck is this thing real hahahah
Aww shit, here we go again
nvm lol
Polling at 3-5% is gonna be a tough elect
My super lib cold take: Voting is good for local politics because of how few people really end up doing it during non-presidential election times that even just getting a group of friends together to vote on small issues can quite seriously tip the tide of certain legislation, especially true in smaller cities and state. People/bills really do win sometimes by a handful of votes and that shit does matter. Even if your philosophy on electoralism as a whole means you're legitimizing a broken and corrupt system, it still has its merits. Also being able to vote in place of someone who may want to but cant: purged/disenfranchised voters like immigrants stuck in loopholes/backed up system or "felons" that were screwed by the corrupt justice system would likely appreciate someone being their voice.
You know what, I probably was wrong. I went and double checked the site again and it does have a 72 month option now. No idea if it changed or if I just remembered incorrectly. But thanks for the correction there.
All very true statements. After Iowa and New Hampshire votes though, not really sure he should be staying in the race after that though, we shall see.
There is a difference between common knowledge and obscure claims that aren't well known. The poster also claims the ARSONISTS are causing more damage than all of the CO2 Australia has emitted. Not sure if you noticed the context of what I was responding to because what you just said implies I'm not a believer of climate change, which isn't at all what I said lol. But go off dude.
&gt; The data is all out there in black and white so when you say something like this I can't help but laugh because of how much shitty fucking info is out there. Sure, there may be 'data' out there, but there is tons of bunk ass shit and misinformation. When someone makes a claim that isn't well known and isn't easily searchable, like the person I responded to, I don't see the issue at all with asking for a source. Then you call him dumb so wouldn't it be good to call him out on that by asking him to provide something to back up the claim? This feels like such a weird battle you chose to fight here.
what does that look like?
Are you familiar with how it still doesn't stop people who want to enter? Even the "improved" border wall is no match for someone who wants to get across https://www.desertsun.com/story/news/politics/immigration/2019/12/05/video-shows-newly-built-border-fence-being-scaled-mexicali/2610599001/ Also a decent chunk are entering through legal ports of entry. I only ask because so many people have different views on what exactly a "proper border" is and seem to think a wall actually stops people who want to enter in the 2,000 miles stretch. [Also they keep finding tunnels. ](https://www.google.com/search?rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS855US855&amp;biw=1309&amp;bih=688&amp;tbm=nws&amp;sxsrf=ACYBGNTbclNoti7X2lkqmyUECUXJfBcS7A%3A1578369873448&amp;ei=UQMUXtP5GoKV0PEPl7-lkAc&amp;q=border+tunnel+underground+us&amp;oq=border+tunnel+underground+us&amp;gs_l=psy-ab.3...9838.10341.0.10457.3.3.0.0.0.0.112.292.2j1.3.0....0...1c.1.64.psy-ab..0.1.111...33i299k1.0.dro4dxMwfYI)
So what you're saying is we shouldn't ever ask someone to link a source to their claim because anyone can search and find (or perhaps never find?) the source of their claim? &gt;The person (not?) you’re responding to has a two week old account filled with comments on trans porn subs. Fine if that’s what they’re into, but hardly a reliable source, and you presumably know that. I actually have no idea at all what you're trying to say here. What does porn have to do with reliable sources?
dang, should have just told me to ask Siri was smoke was, would have been just as effective here.
You missed the point though. It's still possible to scale these things, even as high as they get. Also they found all those tunnels too, same idea, they will find a way. I'm just pointing out how "build a proper border" is something people bring up a lot but we continuously find ways that people circumvent these things. It doesn't appear to be the solution people make it sound like it is.
Actually, the comment I responded to with those things literally just said, &gt;More than barbed wire and cattle fencing. If you aren’t near a major populated area, there can be literally nothing. And I showed how that isn't really the solution they think it is. Also I never said it didn't work, I said it doesn't stop people who are determined to enter, there is a difference here. It's pretty clear that *securing the border* is going to take quite a bit more than just a fence with barbed wire. Also, something to note here is that people who[ overstayed their visas accounted for about 60%](https://www.npr.org/2019/01/16/686056668/for-seventh-consecutive-year-visa-overstays-exceeded-illegal-border-crossings) of the new undocumented people. It's a very complex issue, and the idea that we can just build a wall and it secures the border has quite a few flaws. It would also be nice if it were possible to also address why so many people have to flee their countries and the underlining causes of destabilization and violence in their reigns. There are external factors at play that the US is contributing to as well. It would appear to me that perhaps addressing some of these factors could be a lot more beneficial to many people effected by illegal immigration.
And the people who make it across [successfully](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kXwWnsGhzw)? And how it's possible for them to just do it again once deported, perhaps successfully the next time? And the tunnels that people have already made it through? And the legal ports of entries? I think you're severely misunderstanding how the whole thesis of this is that if there is a will, there is a way. Getting caught one time doesn't mean they can't try again.
first sports account I've ever followed in my life
I see what you're saying. The thing that gets lost in all of this debate is what I mentioned earlier about the causes and reasons why people chose to migrate here from the central and southern hemisphere. We can build the biggest wall out there and there will still be people coming. The US has caused many issues in these regions and we will continue to feel the effects of this we continue ignoring and even contributing to the causes of illegal immigration. Let's look at why some people come here: https://fas.org/sgp/crs/row/IF11151.pdf We've got violence, poverty, and family reunification for three countries listed here. The US has in one way or another, directly coup d'etat these three countries. The has also been part of election meddling and the funding of groups to destabilize the region. There is a lot of problems that step today from an incredibly flawed war on drugs with the actual [CIA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CIA_activities_in_Guatemala) going into some of these places and frankly, fucking shit up. We've got some serious blood on our hands with the way we treat people south of the border. If we can't seriously address the contentious forms destabilization within these regions, we're going to continue to have high migration rates. If we were serious about slowing down migration, which seems to be a very large problem to some people, perhaps we should be looking for new and better methods than the failed and heavily profitable methods we continue to fail with. https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2018/dec/19/central-america-migrants-us-foreign-policy
I'll meet you half way. How about we stop overthrowing democratically elected countries in central and south america, stop funding narco terrorism, stop the war on drugs and making it so profitable to smuggle it into the US. Stop giving them reasons to want to come here so bad.
Defiant drones mocking us in our attempts to rid this world of their plague.
Well this seems to be the case in France with their protests from my (limited) understanding. Solidarity is even coming from the right of center types too.
lol imagine riding after the first rain of the season with these things. It's almost impressive it's so bad
I don't know, they seem more like Vespa people.
None of you fuckers will listen to me when I tell you they saw the smooth bernie picture overlaid with beard bernie and people are HORNY AS FUCK and they decided this is the sex icon they want to lead America.
The US needs tampons
I guess giving people the ability to hide replies wasn't enough? This is setting it up so anyone can claim anything about a person/group without people able to really critique or god forbid, contradict their statements. Neera is gonna have a hayday with this one
Any more context here? What in the fuck is going on, is there even a "right answer" to something like this? Is this like an opinion thing? I'm so fucking confused, is your school teaching you right wing views to have a "correct" answer? Also the negative population growth is a new one to me. As most western countries are in a birth rate decline, which is filled by immigrants AFIAK.
farmers hate immigrants until harvest season, duh
Mayor Emanuel from the looks of it
lmao yeah, it's not like Ohio isn't one of the most flipped stats there is. Just looking at the last handful of elections: Trump (R) &gt; Obama (D) &gt; Bush (R) &gt; Clinton (D) &gt; H. W. Bush (R) &gt; Reagan (R) &gt; Carter (D) &gt; Nixon (R) fuck it just keeps going to be honest. And it's due for another flip looking at most of this shit. It's incredibly dumb of them to not think this state matters.
If I ran a campaign on math, I would simply do math to determine how it's no longer possible to win. smh
lmao I love you. I made a joke on a slightly more prestigious website than this one about how Yang is Ron Paul for Zoomers (which I stole from a meme, I'm not creative enough to come up with this myself) and I GOT ATTACKED by yang gang. So I came here to my safe space to feel better about my view of how YANG SHOULD FUCKING DROP OUT
I'mma be so pissed when he endorses warren too
That's the thing too. Dude has flip flopped on issues and policy more than goddamn John Kerry did and that dude lost a ton of votes because of how flip floppy he was. I don't understand how folks keep forgetting how history of our electoral system works with how terrible it is to keep changing a ton of stances on stuff. He also flat out lied in one of his TV Ads about M4A and didn't even own up to it.
https://twitter.com/ShahidForChange/status/1215053725611413504 the old man himself giving some words
i mean you're not really wrong it's just kinda becoming an issue when we have less than a month left for Iowa and NH February 11th! He could seriously help out Bernie and give that extra nudge we need to ensure that we seal Iowa and NH. He has no way to win at all after this Ohio blunder.
lol this video haha. He is sorta shafted in some ways with the media. But the field is so big, he is polling so low now and he hasn't evolved his platform much at all. Especially when he changes positions on his policies (which he has done many times.) There isn't all that much to report on for him besides some of his rallies. Also, this guy has virtually no experience in government. And we already have seen first hand how disastrous it is to have someone who has almost no experience with our incredibly bureaucratic system that heavily relies on the know-hows/ins-and-outs and also creating and maintaining political coalitions to get things done. ughhhh sorry I'm ranting at you
lmaooo it's fuckin real https://www.facebook.com/ElizabethWarren/posts/10157144821593687 https://www.elle.com/culture/career-politics/a30442705/elizabeth-warren-2020-video/
Hey curious where you got the Soleimani's kill count on Americans from? I saw articles about his work to defeat ISIS but have yet to see proof he killed Americans, got a source?
They even know how to get tier 3 support if they donate to the sheriff's department
This should also be filed under the "coping" flair tag as the researchers / article states this at the end: &gt;The findings indicate that if weather forecasters in Siberia keep tabs on the Arctic Oscillation, they can warn residents of an impending early snow melt and a subsequent increase in forest fires—this would allow the population to take proactive action to protect themselves.
I mean yeah. I know this is probably stupid of me to make this comparison, but I have yet to virtually see any real young (18-28) support for Biden anywhere. Not his rallies, no canvassing, or online support. I'm absolutely convinced once a large chunk of humans reach a certain age they are practically incapable of learning more knowledge like how dire our climate situation is. I've gotten into light arguments with people around the 30+ range who simply refuse to do any research or even light reading of their own to realize how fucking crazy bad our future is looking if we stay on the same path. The kids really are our only hope right now for a mass movement to kick people's ass into gear to start making serious changes. The Green New Deal is, thus far, the best one to rally behind till we get more people on board with this shit, which Sunrise has acknowledged as partial reason for endorsement. All other plans aren't enough.
yooo I went on the real sub and one of the mods has this as a fucking flair: &gt;But muh voter suppression Actually pieces of shit over there. That's all I had to see to make up my mind
Someone drop this dude a beat, goddamn
My best friend I grew up, who is about 4 years older than me, but we've always been into the same stuff: movies, video games, music, everything really to give you an idea. He is in STEM and I cannot, for the life of me, convince him how stupid of an idea it is to elect a moderate again who is going to take NO ACTION on climate just because he has been brainwashed to believe that Biden is the only person who can beat trump. He hardly watches the news, he basically has google send him 5 articles a day he reads in the morning with coffee and he considers himself informed (the bar is so low that it might even be true, just not informed well enough.) He also cares deeply about climate and environment. This guy use to pick up trash when we were teens on the side of the road walking back from skateboarding and shit. I just can't understand how we're so similar, and yet his brain has some deficiency seeing how seriously bad we need someone in the WH and (even more in congress) to fight for stuff like the GND. It's mind blowing dude
https://www.menshealth.com/style/a19548207/clean-your-butt/ If this is too much reading for you libs, let me know, I'll find a wikihow with mostly pictures instead for you
Spend less money on reddit
this picture doesn't contain all 50 stars, therefor I have determined Bernie is unamerican and hates 20 of our glorious states. Unacceptable and complete and utter malarkey.
oh lit dude, this is sick
I've been slapping this for the last hour now, it's awesome
There is always cracks within movements, but the unity between us all can seal it
Image from u/cheez_zombie https://www.reddit.com/r/bayarea/comments/ekioy4/golden_gate_heights_sf/
Thank you automod, very cool
Image from u/cheez_zombie https://www.reddit.com/r/bayarea/comments/ekioy4/golden_gate_heights_sf/
The worst part, besides the fuckage, is that most people volunteering, which the last I checked was ~10k people, aren't even getting paid. Just a small portion of them. So, to fuck the few who were to be paid???
bro they don't even have respirators. These dudes roughing it big
* Health - Long lasting damage done to lungs for without repository filtration.
Someone correct me if I'm wrong here, but they only released like ~2.5Billion over a few years to fix this. They also, previously in this last year, cut funding to emergency services and reconstruction, so they fucked themselves bad.
Great point, it's honestly disgusting to me how much of a shaft these volunteers are getting right now.
every time someone calls me a lib my power level grows stronger, so jokes on you.
The french are infinitely better at protesting and preserving their democracy than the US lol. They've been at it for like a year now it feels like with the yellow vests and now it has morphed into this huge solidarity movement against neoliberalism and pension cuts.
Been subbed here for like a year now as an ignorant american learning the ways of UK cuisine and I must say, I learn/see something new everyday and I love it. Thank you for sharing this.
Someone call the cops
*Don't Tread On Me Snek Sticker* next to the *Blue Lives Matter sticker*
This is pretty true. Peaceful protesting can turn into chaos as soon as police decide they are done "dealing with it." Also, when we protest here most of the time in the US, it's like a very structured protest that lasts a few hours, designated spots to protest in an orderly line and then everyone packs it up and heads to starbucks once it's over and call it a day. A lot of the time it's organized well to get people to show up, but that's the extent of the organization. There all to often isn't really any good outcome, just lots of Instagram pictures or whatever.
They will protest when another confederate memorial statue gets demolished but not when their fellow citizens are unjustly beaten and or killed by the cops who then get a vacation on their tax dollars and go back to work in a few weeks and potentially do it again. Also all the legal fees that the cities/counties/states end up picking up because the police union is so insanely powerful. They can defend some of the most heinous crimes against people and win while costing tax payers absurd amounts of money-- but for whatever reason this is viewed as good. So many contradictions.
Who doesn't know about the French revolution at this point is the real question. Guillotine memes are even mainstream
That's why I love it too. This is how the real people eat, non of that posh Instagram nonsense that is posted to foodporn subs 😋
Cheers mate :)
I'm sorry for doing this to you, but I'm going to one up you with another absurdly predictable schadenfreude: &gt;Armed, masked men arrested after walking into Dearborn police station https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTTJ25-vGdY This is another example of people stressing their rights in the wrong type of way. I'm no cop apologist, quite the opposite, but this was just stupid on a lot of levels. Also very dangerous.
Nailed it. The phrase, "I agree with their message but not their tactics" has been used for over a century now. Probably longer, but at least in the context of US history it has existed at least this long. Moderates/fence sitters who know there is, say, systematic issues that need to be fixed but believe only incremental changes can accomplish it, even when faced with mountains of evidence that this is rarely successful.
If you expand the post (clicking on it, might be different on different apps to view reddit IDK) it's a crosspost of. https://www.reddit.com/r/WarshipPorn/comments/emso7q/did_some_exploring_at_work_today_on_the_uss_new/ &gt;did some exploring at work today on the USS New Jersey! inhaled an excessive amount of asbestos, but the views made it worth it :)
I figured it was probably a UI issue. No worries!
it's important to remind the powers that be that it's the people who actually rule when they are able to come together in unity. At least, that is what is supposed to happen in theory. They french people have done a good job coming together for a common goal, but it can be argued that after the goal was reached-- not so good at preserving their new rule or preventing what they protested from happening again.
They need to hear the voice of their Empress to call the guards off before they'll ever listen. Perhaps even directly bringing a former Kamala staffer into their presence to convince them to yield and surrender. It's the humane way to handle this
This person writes long rants that no one reads on /r/changemyview and has high likelihood of being full blown sociopath. They ain't ever logging off. But they should post hog.
The brain rot needed to be mad at AOC for not bending the knee to the DCCC when most right wingers (who even know wtf the DCCC is) would already be mad how corrupt the DCCC but somehow AOC is supposed to play along and be corrupt with them, but isn't so, AOC=Hypocrite.
dang, save some money for the high quality sex doll and lube dude
"I have a lot of friends already" No, I do not relate to this. I am the opposite of this.
Genuinely love this, thank you
idk but I can tell you there is a high likeihood of those companies also hiring a consulting company a year or two down the line just to tell them to cut benefits, lay off 25% of the staff and contract out more shit. THAT'S BUSINESS BABY
gonna make an app that tells you where lemonade stands are, it's gonna be great
they search twitter for "yang gang" too. They pop into your mentions if you make ANY jokes about yang, they are very serious people.
Oh for sure they are. &gt; 20 percent of small businesses fail within their first year. By the end of their fifth year, roughly 50 percent of small businesses fail. After 10 years, the survival rate drops to approximately 35 percent. And the metrics of what is actually considered "failure" is a bit muddy. Plenty of businesses stay technically in business, but just hemorrhage money, especially restaurants, and are able to make "work" but it's not very profitable but extremely stressful. The sunken cost fallacy is very common in small businesses. Also with the way VC funding works, most of these companies shouldn't even exist, but because we're living in another dot com boom, it just takes a very crafty and smooth talking pitch to sell out a shitty company to some larger firm and technically make it but the business itself will likely never recoup the cost. Shit is wild
I may not agree with you, but I will defend your right to say it. #yanggang
Who among us
Smooth + Beard = Model Smooth + Model = Model Math checks out, come at me yang gang
The rallies would be so fuckin badass.
You say that like rape is disqualifying to be president now a days
Nothing means anything anymore. It's actually nuts how normalized these types of lies are becoming. Really not good.
Besides the obvious steam burning faces, this is probably also not good for your ceiling where all that steam dissipates. No idea how long you've had that oven, but I'd reckon it would be good to spray some anti-mildew cleaner on it every now and then and give it scrub so it doesn't grow any mold. Just a thought.
Well dang, thanks for the heads up. That's some good general knowledge there too. Cheers
Frequent contributors to Nextdoor's "Crime and Safety" topic section.
im shaking still after hearing this news-- sorry I had to share
Look, I'm not saying I agree or I identify as one, but I will say I understand accelerationists more and more every day.
feels good to finally be free
it's fuckin russia meddling in our elections again
The silence from the Sander's campaign on this speaks VOLUMES about the type of person bernie is. Absolutely sickening. Replace the word "jew" with "fire truck" and you can see how insane this man is. Not even on the same plane of existence anymore. #putinspuppet #dudesrock
Honestly? It's because most of those fools are mouth breathing drones that need to have 1 of their 10 cultural leaders talk about it first. That way they know they have the right *optics* for tackling Bernie. They have attention spans of goldfish and can only handle a certain amount of knowledge at one time. When the time comes they will show up in force to do their thing. Most of them think that "3 houses!" is super effective. Not realizing every higher up DC politician has two houses, one for where they represent, and one in DC they live at most of the career. Add in a cheap, small vacation home and they think they got him pinned.
that's okay, I accept being not politically correct in front of you libs
&gt; It's a little known fact that China had tens of thousands of riots per year related to the commoners economic woes and the socially damaging effects of corruption. Is there some way we can see this? I'd imagine most of this would be a bigger story in the west if we had more evidence of this. Not saying I doubt you, it's more like this is news to me and it seems like a story a lot of western countries would report on.
Seems like it benefits Biden for liz v bernie fighting so he is down to keep the drama going?
time is cyclical also time is cynical
Maybe even a real chair will be [thrown this time](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/did-sanders-supporters-throw-chairs-at-nevada-democratic-convention/)
The post has quite a few vids and info in the thread. Fred Hampton Jr was speaking there as well.
typical bernie bro thinking about sex
this is what happens when you don't have the math candidate on stage
South Korea does something similar to that https://nypost.com/2019/12/05/south-korean-papa-johns-debuts-american-pizza-with-hot-dogs-on-every-slice/
Don't blame you. I'd of gotten curry instead :D
haven't seen the beautiful 10 pack abs all night tho so it's not drunk enough
what kinda beads we talkin here
oh and for the record I only posted 3 snake emojis under a warren tweet okay
I think it's cause of how terminally online I am, seeing the drama just in every inch of *my* internet is starting to get to me. I logged off for awhile keep thinking it's going to go away and it's not. I just keep thinking how this whole thing isn't helping anyone but Biden at the moment. I could be wrong, and there was for sure good reason to be annoyed by liz stabbing bernie in the back. He genuinely looked like he lost a friend-- and he did. But this is the curse of being incredibly online and seeing it everywhere for days now and it's such a stupid thing IMO
Just cause I called you a lib doesn't mean you have to prove it any further
sorta yeah. The ultra libs already think bernie is russian disinformation bullshit. You add in fox news, which is the mouth piece of this administration that thinks running against a "socialist" is a slam dunk; we've got a recipe for the pot boiling over with how smart everyone thinks they are about this shit. There is a reason we keep hearing Trump wants to run against Bernie, and it's because he should.
damn, now I feel like an idiot for saying the warren posts need to stop
Thanks for pointing that out. Definitely drive as safe as possible when going up there, the roads are super slick. Make sure your tire pressure is good before going up there.
Nice picture, thanks for sharing. Love when the sun comes out and the streets are wet like that, just something about it that seems super chill. Add in the rainbow and it's a great moment to capture!
Their post has high levels of galaxy brain. Apparently this person has never heard the phrase, "from my cold dead hands." Ain't no one getting disarmed by cops lol. Just look at how often it doesn't happen with domestic abusers who then end up killing their spouses with a gun they bought.
This implies there was attempts to deprogram them though, which, unless you have some material I can read on this, never happened.
3 commons and 1 rare, such fuckin' bullshit
dude has got an incredible hairline
this is why they will rise up, mark my words
honestly though, besides the smoke, some meat on a stick sounds like the perfect gaming snack, don't have to get fingers all greasy and protein is good stuff.
But then who would shoot the 40 dogs a day?
People are jealous gamers are living the best life
Tons of libs are absolutely convinced Bernie is a russian asset. Russiagate has absolutely warped the minds of so many people. It puts us in a bit of a precarious spot by having to agree with Trump. That one line in the Mueller report about Bernie is all it took for them to just go completely off the rails convinced giving healthcare to the US is russian disinformation lol. It's so insanely backwards, but we're living in McCarthyism 2.0
I'd be lying if I didn't admit that part of me wanting Bernie to win the nomination so bad is to see the meltdown on 🍩 and ⚖️ twitter. I feel like radical centrism will hit its peak and something magical might happen.
that's right
/r/MapsWithoutNZ
So, "*Chapos*," if I can even call you that, in your infinite wisdom and patriotism, what would Putin want? Huh?? You people seem to have SOOOO many answers about things. Answer me, what would Putin do?! https://youtu.be/hpspGHeLOPE?t=33
Time: Gamer
Self care is not looking at mayo pete subreddits. They are in a whole other realm of insufferable
that's terrifying. I hardly fly but I'm doing some stretches right now after reading that
Guys, I'm really starting to think the media hates Bernie. Like a lot.
khive and neverbernie people intensifies
I think they are beautiful, OP
Why we posting pictures of liz warren? -Me, a very smart person who does **not** *see* race.
thank you for your service!
And like almost all of trump/maga apparel it's made in Vietnam or China. It's so funny how very serious people can be wearing non-US made "patriotic" clothing while touting how we're bringing jobs back to the US and *making it great again.* Anyways, I'mma go shut down another steel factory, brb
there is probably more, but I've already heard about multiple plots/threats about her already and iirc she has increased security because of this. Hateful rhetoric wont stop though because rage boners are more than half the content Fox has peddled for over a decade now. https://www.mprnews.org/story/2019/08/29/fbi-probing-recent-death-threat-against-rep-ilhan-omar https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2019/04/05/ilhan-omar-death-threat-leads-to-arrest-of-new-york-man/3379387002/ Also, follow/support [sleeping giants](https://twitter.com/slpng_giants) if you can, they've successfully gotten many advertisers to pull support from Fox and other hate provocateurs. It may not always work, but when it does it's good stuff.
Not contributing anything valuable to this post but would like to say, I have not yet seen this posted here, so it's new to me goddamnit
#we did it reddit!
thank you for bringing facts and accuracy to this subversive subreddit, hopefully people pay attention and learn from this here.
We must keep migrating sea lions OUT OF OUR COUNTRY
Quite a few gas stations here in the SF bay area have these fairly thick plastic pouches you can grab for free to put your butts in. I just started seeing them within the last year or so, pretty cool.
I carry a photo of Louis XVI everywhere I go to pay the ultimate respect
libs gonna lib
Pete and Warren having such low numbers here and Bernie obviously being the "other" candidate here is actually pretty good sign. You know, if we look past this obvious bullshit coverup job. Edit: Still looking for a video of it, not that it matters too much, but I think it would be important to document, especially if someone ends up making another media bias compilation video. In the meantime, please enjoy this recent poll in California showing Bernie leading: https://www.mercurynews.com/2020/01/13/california-presidential-primary-poll/
Nope, completely neglected him. One of the talking heads said something along the lines of, "Maybe Bernie is in that other" but that was the full extent of it. I'll edit my post when a video emerges. This is the original post: https://twitter.com/JovankaBeckles/status/1219342817836748800
I actually laughed for a solid minute over this. Chips and Salsa is also like the most lame thing ever to bring for a cook out. But hey, I don't think Pete is invited too often to cookouts so lol
Yes but 35% of the new officers in Oakland are now women of color, so actually sweaty, this is what progress looks like
yes but they wear black clothing which is the same thing as being satan soooo they are actually bad mmmk
My cold lib take: Steyer, while part of the problem with inequality (I'm not apologizing for his worker exploitation) did genuinely have a eureka moment where he is so worried about the future of our climate because of his kids/grandkids he sees the most hope in someone like Bernie. He really isn't in any position at all to take sides with Bernie for his own personal political gain. The overlap of people who support Bernie and Steyer is so minor, but he likely recognizes that he isn't going come close to winning but he can help boost Bernie to actually get climate action done. Also he does support a wealth tax which is better than everyone but Bernie (Warren is full of shit afiak now.) Side note: Yall should keep bugging Steyer to help bankroll Green New Deal candidates to prove how serious he is about climate. Not kidding and this may sound overly optimistic, but cyberbullying works and we could make him put his money where his mouth is in support of GND and climate reform since he made that his #1 priority. Let's start getting reporters to ask him he he will endorse/donate to GND candidates. This is incredibly wishful thinking, I know, but we got nothing to lose by trying to bug him about it. I've already started, and I've PM'd a few reporters on the campaign trail to ask him questions about supporting people running for congress in 2020.
Exactly why if we can create buzz around him donating and supporting/endorsing Berniecrats / Green New Deal candidates who are running to unseat republican and dem incumbents that will not support climate action, it would speak volumes about his commitment to the cause. I realize how wishful thinking this sounds, but if there is one thing we should have learned by now in this election, is if we make a big enough stink on the social media about candidates, a lot of them eventually respond to it.
I actually did think about that a little bit and it could be an issue in a way, but at the same time, Steyer has so much fucking money and there are literally HUNDREDS of candidates running right now that could use a huge boost in funds that fall under the Bernicrat / GND label. It's our biggest chance ever to get an actual leftist congress to get actual action done, and ~1-2k in funds when all of these opposition are funded by fossil fuel and healthcare execs are out raising a ton of them. If normies out there actually think Steyer is the "climate" candidate as he paints himself, idk how successful a smear campaign would work by accepting his money so they can actually get in office to support real climate action. So long as they aren't accepting corporate pac money from fossil fuel lobbyists, I don't think just being a billionaire for some of these smaller elections that hardly get any visibility anywhere would have an issue taking a couple grand from him. https://twitter.com/RamonaMassachi/status/1202214254432129024 look how many people here are in support of GND and most of them aren't raking in big dono numbers. It's one of those situations where it's probably better to just bite the bullet and potentially take money from him instead of losing to a 20-year incumbents that is fully funded by the industries we're fighting against.
I mean the dude was a fucking hedge fund manager, pretty much the what we hate about how our stupid economy works. The point of all of this, is to make him put his money where his mouth is and help support the actual inniatives to get meaningful climate form to happen. So many candidates right now running on the Berniecrat platform aren't making good donations, and are being out raised like crazy. I don't know what else we can do but to make people like Steyer actually start proving he is serious about action. We should be putting him on blast about proving his actual support and not hollow promises. I don't see any other way to do this to break his whole spiel of being a climate candidate if he doesn't have any way to prove it.
lmao dude is the most awkward fucking person since Jeb. Actually [Ben Carson was also kinda awkward](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/feb/07/republican-debate-missed-introduction-ben-carson-donald-trump), but super easy to look past since he never really got that much media attention. Pete is the type of person who you start talking to at a party or some shit and realize within 10 seconds that he is hollow behind the eyes and is probably gonna ask you about your Roth IRA or 401k within two questions and then talk about how long CVS receipts are or something equally as mundane.
Warren puts mayo on her naan and curry, pass it on Also, complete side note, but to all my fellow Chapos who have been considering cutting their meat intake down, Indian food is like the best type of food to substitute for a vegetarian/vegan diet(careful with cream in dishes tho.) I've been cutting down my red meat intake and instead of just trying to replace meat with a 1:1 substitute, I've been exploring completely vegetarian dishes made to taste good as meatless. Just throwing this out there cause why not.
I wish I wasn't so dumb all the time, ty
dude daou is actually fucking hilarious for doing this, I love this
needs more sauce or something idk lol
Lots of Asia and parts of Europe are already done with the chips too and are just using mobile phone wireless payments now too lol
I smiled at this, my heart is about to be broken, isn't it?
p00nslayer56 also sent me a snap with, "wyd?" and I of course, responded with, "nm watchin netflix, u?" and poonslayer56 goes mask off, "not hanging out with u, bitch" and honestly, I want poonslayer56 so bad now after that encounter.
Reminder: Joe went to war on malarkey and lost.
Okay, BUCKO, pal, guy, man, cowboy, lad, gent, fellow, chief, wrangler, waddy, jack, jo, john, jingleheimer schmidt DON'T YOU EVER cross me again. You ain't ready for the heat, tells ya what
There is a group in Texas that had to open carry weapons to stop getting hassled by cops for handing out food. Sad state of affairs when this how a normal society counters the law stopping good deeds.
IMO you should find your local foodbank or similar service and see if you can just expand it and get a feel for how operations and laws surrounding it works. I think starting from the ground up without proper connections, especially social workers who may already need help with current projects could give you some valuable pointers before you start a whole new one. Just a suggestion
I cover my entire body in a costco sized bottle of Purell and then we'll what virus is laughing after that
Actually love to see it. I wish we could still ping users here, but gj srsly_its_so_ez love opening threads and seeing this
While I appreciate your thoughtfulness, I'm covering my body in hand sanitizer and literally nothing you say is stopping this.
wow but reddit told me TikTok was a Chinese psyop whose goal is to take down the American empire... these two facts do not jive???
joe would challenge bernie to a moose meat eating competition
For a song called "Kinky Boots" it had a surprisingly small amount of kinky boots shown in the the video.
Did this two nights ago. Gonna do it again now because of how good it is.
I've made fun for Joe for years now about how terrible he is at giving platforms to idiots with fairly radical right wing takes on things. I also get insanely annoyed at how big of a push over he is in terms of letting them just speak unquestioned and hardly ever critiqued on his podcast. Also, he hangs out with a bunch of the IDW people in his free time. But him endorsing Bernie isn't a problem. It's the type of "deradicalization" (I'm using this very lightly) that we do actually need for his alt-light/moderate/dumbguy viewer base that essentially take his word as gospel even though Joe consistently says how dumb and uninformed he is about most topics. The people who are trying to make a big deal about this, some of whom I do respect, and making themselves out to be the biggest lib in the worst way. It's not quite "cancel culture" but it IS purity testing bullshit. People like Joe have massive influence, hell his Bernie episode turned a TON of people onto Bernie since the long format allows Bernie to get real messages across, not just "tax the rich" and people think oh he is crazy socialist who hates wealth. I'm sorry for serious posting in your thread here, 7, I hope you can forgive me.
Edit: this context is actually bad, I should have read through it first since the whole chair throwing thing has be debunked a few times. There is pictures/videos of the person who had a chair in their hand [put down the chair and hug](https://twitter.com/JennElizabethJ/status/732619789424832512) someone but I'll leave this up so you can see the clinton-libs take on it: https://www.rawstory.com/2016/05/nevada-convention-clash-highlights-escalating-democratic-party-schism/ This is going to happen again in Nevada. Only they are now using an "[app](https://www.salon.com/2019/12/14/cybersecurity-risks-cast-shadow-on-nevadas-2020-democratic-presidential-caucuses_partner/)" to make it less obvious from just the face value level of corruption, since libs genuinely believe people who stole an election last time would be completely and 100% honest about not stealing it this time by being fair, and balanced™
LOL the hilarious part? I was just rereading about all this and happened to check snopes about it (even though I've already seen the video) and they say her flipping the bird is "mostly false" WHILE LITERALLY SHOWING A PICTURE OF HER FLIPPING THE BIRD https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/barbara-boxer-gave-bernie-sanders-supporters-the-finger/ Actually incredible. Also for the people here who haven't seen it, here is a fairly short video showing this whole sham electoral process go down https://twitter.com/RealTrevorReese/status/1208952588416245760
ah dope, good looking out, I'll check it out. Since I'm reliving this moment for whatever stupid reason right now since it's just getting me mad, might as well listen to that too. Also. Bernie or Bust should be Bernie or Yellow Vest IMO. I've seen some people saying it, but, really, it's what needs to be done.
Here is an [AskHistorians](https://np.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/40i00m/why_were_the_soviets_so_poorly_equipped_in_world/) thread on it (this links to a few separate ones which is why I'm linking this one as opposed to just one of them)
Rosa was just throw in there cause whoever made this has no clue wtf anything means
Yeah the chair throwing thing got debunked too. Here is the video showing the person put down the chair-- not throw it and hug it out. I think there is at least 1 other video showing a similar account out there too. Wish I saved the twitter thread on it. https://twitter.com/JennElizabethJ/status/732619789424832512 also this article seems decent write up https://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/politics-government/election/article80910342.html
https://twitter.com/RealTrevorReese/status/1208952588416245760 and https://www.reddit.com/r/ChapoTrapHouse/comments/eti9u9/this_is_what_actual_democracy_looks_like_you/ffgo0pk/ also posted other links in this thread
tons of people say terrible things all the time. We don't have to support 100% of everything EVERYONE says in order to pass every single purity test. AOC has made some bad remarks before too, but we still support her endorsement of Bernie. Sure, she may not have said transphobic shit, but the concept here is the same. This is some terminally online thing that doesn't mean Bernie is endorsing Joe for saying terrible things. Joe is an ass and his use of f*g and transphobic shit is disgusting. He is also a dumb meathead and talks like a typical chud, also toxic masculinity. We don't have to condone what he says to appreciate him pushing support for Bernie. It may open up others minds to having more compassion and to learn from their past hateful rhetoric. I'm definitely not trying to minimize anything Joe has said in the past. Even him having Alex Jones on is problematic. But in a lot of circles in the real world, people do talk like that and are, in most of ours, pieces of shit for doing so. Part of pushing a real leftist agenda and movement will involve having to take on endorsements from less than seller people to build the movement. It's not ideal, it's not perfect, but so long as he isn't wishing real harm on to people, it should be "tolerable."
*potato chip bag crinkles* *loud chewing* "Ya know," *audible crunch* "Q predicted this" *lips smack as the bag crinkles*
This is the way.
saw someone in some other thread say it was cause they built it by a school so it was okay because they didn't want kids to get sick. That's not how this works
Agreed with all points besides Nevada. They are up to shady tactics already with some app they are using for early voting and they stole it last time. Probably one of the most corrupt states in the union too, it's basically ran by the casinos and sheriffs, so I wouldn't personally bank on Nevada as a win at all to be on the safe side.
I'm not sure if it's an exact episode, maybe my memory is foggy and I'm confusing multiple episodes with one. But there was one where the chapos were making fun of a bunch of startups that got tons of money to do absolutely fucking nothin. I'm not even sure if this was more than just a few mins of jokes or if it was a full episode devoted to making fun of how insane venture capital funding works. Maybe it was about shitty kickstarters? goddamn my brain is mushy peas, sorry.
I'll check it out in a bit, thanks, appreciate you
Lots of Richmond have really come a long way through the last couple decades. I've got family there near East Richmond and they love it and raise two kids there and walk their dog daily and never had issues. It's one of the most underrated cities in the bay IMO, not a lot of people talk about it as a place to buy/rent from my experience.
did you try the Citizen app by chance?
If you're on facebook still, there is a group called "Bart Idiot Hall of Fame" and some of the posts there are hilariously pathetic in what people get upset about. Could be 1pm, 60% empty car but people will post pics of someone taking up two seats all pissed off. There is legit posts all the time on there, but some people are just looking for issues to complain about.
There is an app you can download that is pretty good at alerting you about stuff in your area called Citizen. Check it out, it's fairly popular around here.
Also 258 months old judging by that old as fuck Twitter UI
wow, stop being so violent dude
If I was a professor at some online college, I would devote a whole class to analyzing why [double fisting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YamAsbzPKA) hotdogs is both a beautiful and a dangerous ideology to hold but one that could also set us free from this nightmare we call life.
Another good way to convert libertarians is to talk about climate change and how the ideology holds very little to no merits in preventing further damage to our planet. There is no market solution to what is happening. It will and does require the full support of government intervention and investments all around the world. The rate we're headed is already bleak, but to add on some concepts of little government action would only nail the coffin sooner.
Bolton is like an ingrown toe nail that no matter how much you try to dig and root out, it always comes back in a few months. Also he looks like a toe.
I know some leftists get smug as fuck when talking about philosophy but I have to say, taking a logic and reason class after high school was likely the most important class I ever took in shaping how I think for myself and the about the world. I consciously or even subconsciously use a lot of the practices on a daily in figuring out my own problems. Not that I even solve shit, but it can be useful in not being so fucking dumb about stuff all the time. It's easy to get caught up in lots of ideology and thinking there is always a right answer, or even just an answer. Sometimes, what is more important than answers to problems is just questioning the factors causing the problem. This concept is actually used quite a lot in Marxism too. It's also, IMO, a big separating factor in the typical liberal thought process of how we fix issues in society. I wish they taught just basic philosophy in high schools (at least around here they don't.) And at the risk of sounding like I'm mentally jacking off, I'd say just having some basic understanding of the Socratic method can do a lot of good for us.
This is very true. Liberals have insanely unwavering support and belief in the institutions and political figures that consistently let them down but they keep coming back for more like, *this time is going to be different.* It's easier for them to make all of the excuses in the world for why these things don't ever save them than it is for them to admit that perhaps they are the problem.
dont threaten me with a good time
The Siren's Call.
Kinda sounds like he will after Iowa. I'd imagine it's fairly hard for anyone who runs to admit they don't really have a chance after putting in so much time and effort. I'd also imagine he is banking on some insane moonshot that the polls can't predict with Iowa and maybe NH. Not being on the ballot in Ohio is actually a big deal, hopefully he finally crunched some numbers to see how impossible it is to win without a valuable state like Ohio. Or maybe he'll just keep talkin and attempting to siphon the young vote since that is primary his entire base sans landlords.
This is the type of shit liberals do that pisses off everyone not in the liberal bubble sphere of thinking banning things makes it goes away. This proposal has no way of passing anything either lol. &gt;she wants to make "big structural changes to the tech sector to promote more competition." It's like a parody of itself. None of this means anything. It's not even like it would be bad for tech to crack down on *obvious* disinformation and potentially harmful and anti-democratic things like fake voting info being spread. There is just such a fine line too often where of how far is too far in "censorship." There is already issues on Twitter and Facebook of these companies taking down legit info because they hire third party groups to do the fact checking and nothing really holds them accountable to being honest themselves in the fact checks.
This is what the terrorists want to take away from us
It's honestly disgusting. Reddit, and well, the west as a whole already has such a circlejerky hate boner attitude about China already. Casual xenophobia and racism is just widely accepted on this stupid website and it rarely gets called out either. The normalization of these things is getting worse in just default subreddits or subs where that type of thing would normally, for other cultures/countries would be downvoted, but for whatever reason, many people think it's okay to do for Chinese people. I think some of it is because there just isn't a ton of Chinese people on reddit maybe? Also the whole Hong King thing has ramped all this up to 11. If we also compare the situation with Iran, there was a lot of surprisingly positive support coming out of the woodworks for people saying stuff like, "We don't hate the Iranian people, we just hate the governments." And there was a lot more solidarity when the thought of actual war with Iran was on the table. But none of this is true for China and the Chinese people. Somehow the narrative of Chinese people do x and y because they are ALL like that is incredibly prevalent. If we "went to war" with China, I somehow feel like we would not be seeing the same type of solidarity we saw a lot of people have for the citizens. right after I typed this, I saw this post on r/rising https://www.reddit.com/r/fakehistoryporn/comments/evskxw/the_united_nations_proposes_a_quarantine_to_stop/ just another example
Good point. Also, politics for many libs is just aesthetics and no different to them than reality tv show or a sports game. So even though, say, the Mueller report was a huge flop for a lot of them, they still feel like they scored some solid points with it.
bro don't call me out like that
Really was not my intention at all with that post. I'm sorry it came off like that.
good call. And again-- my bad, I totally get where you're coming from and I assure you it wasn't meant to come off the way I did.
I like the flavor text of centrism: middle of the road. Like that's a good idea, so both directions of cars end up hitting you.
so they can post pictures on reddit and 4chan and talk about boogaloo like it's a real thing that would ever actually happen with the rest of their larping posters
but bolt action is so much cooler for all of that stuff also if we're talking self defense, which I'm just going to assume you mean home defense, a shotgun is much more practical and a bigger threat than any AR-15 you could tacticool up.
good shit
Autoban: chapo
yes, but how else would everyone know if they are a patriot or not? 🤔
Reminds me of the time when I got invited over for dinner at my friend's house in high school and they told me they were having burgers but what they didn't tell me is they were vegans and my burger was just a giant fucking mushroom in two buns. I tried my best to not offend them but my palate was not at all ready for that acquired taste. For the record, I love mushrooms now, but that shit was fucking disgusting back then.
idk about you bud, but all my beers need a lime to taste palatable.
Real double cheeseburger, 20 piece nugget and a diet coke vibes
A wish I could channel that cane-chair's energy into a real, tangible, organic thing inside of me
clearly they were not watching what he took here tho
Energy drinks also double as liquid courage for gamers, this is well known within the gamer community
Just hope she is a good shit then
the best weapon for close range combat is the worst at close range combat. Got it.
This image speaks to me in many ways. Gorgeous
Reminds me of this https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/cmwov/hey_reddit_what_tattoos_do_you_have/c0tpyls/
out* fuck
he finally hit the max followers he was gonna get on his social media so he can now peruse his dream of being an incredibly sub par fitness blogger
because you insulted me online I'm now going to have to vote against all my interests and donate to dumpf
I costs something like $2,700 to renounce US citizenship on top of the ~5k minimum it would need to also move out of the US. Poor and less off people literally are stuck here no matter what. It's one of the dumbest takes reactionaries do because it's almost always in response to improving society somewhat therefor you should just leave because you participate in said society and fixing shit is only for libs. Besides fixing national elections, that is for republicans and cool and good for democracy.
Also, I would like to know who here is a non-radicalized communist, what would that even look like? Perhaps someone just born into communism and never really questioned it and just support it? Is that non-radicalized? Is this a dumb question?
yup and that would also cost money for to apply for as well. You would also need to have some valuable technical/trade skill or a lot of money already to move to a ton of places. Maybe not poorer countries, but I'm not actually 100% on that part.
I always got tortillas on hand because of how big the package's quantity is, so I just use that in a big bind
Some people like it more because it lasts a little bit longer than say Alprazolam but even still, benzo addicts wont snub their nose on what they can get at the time IMO
that term has been around for actual years, maybe you just live under a rock or don't actually look very deep. Anyways, pretty funny when someone like you pulls out anecdotal evidence as if it means anything at all.
kind of reminds me of the stakes used for tents
ALSO the officer who murdered Floyd worked with him and knew him personally before all of this. https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/george-floyd-officer-who-kneeled-his-neck-had-worked-same-n1217976 that to me, speaks volumes about how muddy this situation is, it almost seems personal, if not flat out.
youtube: the best source for a source
lmao they will rebuild your McDonald's but they can't ever bring back the countless senseless deaths this country endures and inflicts on other sovereign nations
and I wasn't responding to you, but thanks for the update I guess
they are still cleaning their diapers over COD Warzone and PS5 date push backs. They aren't ready for more tragic news just this moment and are in mourning/recovery phase.
Some countries, like the Bahamas already have had those in place https://www.insider.com/traveling-in-the-us-warnings-2019-7 While other countries like Japan warn tourists about the US's "gun society." Perhaps we will be seeing more of these now.
delayed the new season by like a week or so
half the people who comment on this sub don't even live in the bay when it comes to threads like this too
if not more. At least military technically has rules of engagement. Police is basically anything they deem a threat to them or around them they can spray as many rounds as they want.
i bet that person tells women to smile more too
mooses with frickin' lasers beams attached
The answer to the age old question of, "who polices the police" has always been "the people." But the people can't directly change the police unions, and thus change cannot happen without either internal change or direct intervention via laws/politicians. I don't see the police ever changing policy anytime soon. There needs to be something like a super-pac that forces politicians out that refuse to support legit reforms and accountability. It's not going to be easy and it likely will require a ton of money too.
Absolutely agree with you. I can only hope people much smarter and wiser about how legit reform can happen are working as hard on this as we all are hoping they are. A lot of stuff needs to change.
Better unit pathing is my main one, but I understand why that wasnt in a remaster.
the ghost white really brings out the beauty in her split pea soup vomit
Just because you've seen "more" doesn't make this not a lot? lol. Just cause someone has a billion dollars, doesn't mean they don't have a lot compared to someone who has two billion. Relative to other amounts, it is still a lot.
I'm too much of a city slicker to tell if this post is a joke or if they really do got roaming llamas out here guarding cows. either way, it is pretty cool
this person is gonna find out that not only do crows learn and remember people's faces, they hold massive grudges and might make their life even more annoying for them lol
That is awesome. This is so cute to think that this llama thinks it's one of them, idk why but it's just adorable to me. Thanks for the info.
i miss my old tf2 community :((( the way the pyro turns around and looks at you though was adorable idk why
[Where else?](https://www.instagram.com/)
i assure you-- your life just became better. i know it seems like a joke, but it's not. everyone who sees this is #blessed
difhidsomfg it's so cute. i love tiny birds so much
You did a great job explaining everything clear and concisely. I originally only checked out the video because I haven't played in quite a few months and kinda wanted to see how progress on it has developed, but stayed watching it because it was an interesting strategy you were showing. I've done something similar but your method is much more efficient. I gotta actually hop in game sometime soon and try it out for myself. Thanks for the vid!
omg thank you! it really is magical. i hope it gets spread far and wide so others can enjoy this masterpiece
lmao dude it has to be so exhausting for these people to constantly be mad about the tiniest shit ever that doesn't even affect them or even the game at all. I just imagine g*mers constantly shaking, shitting and pissing over a damn WOMAN in a video game. You know, like half the world's population? Yeah, those things.
woman pilots, am i right my fellow guys? 🤣🤣🤣 😎😎😎
lmao how dare they call that sriracha. if it is, it's the watery sriracha pre-cum. gross dude
LMFAO zerohedge I too, like to make up random numbers though
lmao that is a new one. that is great
please, i implore you, save your essences for release day. you're only doing yourself a disservice in reliving any energy right now.
I read this comment and choked and am dying right now AMA
well what you liberals don't understand, and let me educate you here for a second, is if the RADICAL LEFT gets what they want, we wont have anymore: KFC Chicken Donut sandwiches, we wont have gallon-o-big-gulps, we wont have 10 different types of cheeses in a can, and WE ESPECIALLY wont have freeze peach anymore once they cart me away for calling people racial slurs. Chose your america wisely, remember, some old guys 250 years wrote some paper that gives me the right to do and say whatever I want as well was bomb any country we want in the name of said paper. THINK FOR YOURSELF LIBERALS.
Stay safe everyone. Also an especially good time to bust out any N95 masks you have if you're in the area and outside. Regular surgical masks wont help nearly as much.
soo don't go left? someone help, i wanna go left but this says go slight right.
what? it's a cut and dry reference to it. Just phrased around the CHAZ so it makes sense in context. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACvXR0sQDkM
the trader joe's ones are good. I think it's their own brand? i can't even remember right now, but afiak they only sell just one brand of it there from the few diff TJs i've been to.
it was also a good game. But yeah, I'm old enough to remember video game magazines had multiple sexual innuendos attached to tomb raider as well as I think even official tomb raider ads. this is a bit embarrassing to admit, but even my damn dad sexualized her when he bought me the game. The first thing he did after backing her up into a wall to zoom on those sweet triangles was also get as close as possible to her crouch with the camera while she swam in the training tutorial area. Really sad looking back on it tbh
like any of them. Battlefield, Starwars, The Last of Us 2, tons of fighting games. It's a lot-- more than I can even keep track of either.
It's called the roll safe meme too btw, but your description still works, just thought I'd fill you in more too
Don't forget the monthly Sears catalog too. Specifically the underwear section, but I'd imagine not limited to.
giving a whole new meaning to gear head lmao
Robig
The lightning and angles do make a difference for the left picture but there is definitely a beauty filter or some other app at work on the right one. Her nose is super smoothed out and hardly has any definition as a big tell to being altered
that is pretty adorable lol. so nice of them, that had to have been a bit embarrassing, on top of what sounds like a bit of language barrier. glad they were so nice, I wonder if it has already happened before too.
yup, just don't forget the waypoint out in front of it and it's a solid strat, I think a lot of people do this
damn, thanks for sharing, i hope you're doing better now. good job kicking that habit though, it's definitely one of the toughest ones in the world to kick.
lmfao i would have instantly gg'd after that. i don't even care how good i was doing, that would tilt me so hard oohhh my god hahah
I do this too. Only I find myself being dumb and walking almost a screens full distance away to pick up a transmute orb when I most definitely already have like 300 already and don't actually need it but my brain just clicks all currency. I have to remember to turn it off after a couple of weeks of banking up transmutes, but I don't ever remember to do this.
I've gotten HH once in my 7ish years of playing this game on and off (don't play every league and I'm not very good) by doing TS Burial Grounds farm and honestly... it wasn't worth it for me. By the time I got it, I played for another 3-4 days and just was so burnt out on the game. It was Incursion league too, which I've always actually really liked a lot. It also helped with the drops more than many other leagues. If I was more efficient, had better builds it probably wouldn't be so bad. But it was nice feeling like a god for like 3 days, but I'm def never doing it again that way.
that's a great idea, thanks bro
that was just the beta, it wasn't the actual end of the game iirc. It ended at piety for at least two years or so. Act 4 was the end of the game for a long time too after it was implemented and was I think what we can call the end during that time.
like I said, I haven't played every league. I usually skip every other league and nemesis was one of those leagues. I played a lot before there was even leagues and took a long break. There really wasn't much content back then either.
This is right on the money. Just because something IS recyclable, doesn't mean it will be, at least int he US. Some countries have fantastic recycling programs, but the US is largest exporter of recyclables that end up most of the time in some garbage mountain or in the ocean. China and a few other countries have completely stopped taking our trash in the last year. A lot of it is ending up in massive landfills or in warehouses right now.
I might try ziz's VD spellslinger necro or I might try out ED for the first time or possibly CA trickster
Damn, that is exactly what I'm thinking about doing as well. Are you basing your spellslinger necro of Zizz's build by chance? I'm probably going to do something similar to his since he has a lot of content on it already from last league and I'm bad at original creations.
lmao
I just couldn't live in a place that floods as often and predictably as Houston. It's actually insane how much it happens
The same building CNN was in also had a police station. It had nothing to do with CNN
Some liberals do an amazing job rehabilitating the image of some of the worst people ever so long as it makes Trump look bad. They did it with Bush a ton among others and I guess Bolton is going to be the next
Reading off anything and everything that the war monger's book says is generating a ton of coverage and giving him more legitimacy. We know Trump is dumb, anything "new" in this book is moot. It just feeds more hype into one of the worst persons in the US
Goddamn, you just gave me hell of a good idea. I've always known that apparently pizza cooks best with a high heat that my shitty oven cannot produce. I got okay results with it in a cast iron but never though about doing it like this. Looks amazing
I love when animals stand on top of things like this. They are always mucking around trying to assert their dominance and I applaud them for their effort, as menacingly as they are trying to be perceived.
Everyone calling this gatekeeping and I'm just sitting here wondering why I haven't been filtering my water before making coffee. Good idea
&gt; And if the GOP refuse to hold Trump accountable, Ah yes, the good ol "we got him this time" You seem like you follow the news fairly closely, tell me, how many OTHER insanely illegal and *should be investigated but aren't actually going to end up being investigated* things does trump have now? It has been 4 years almost, they couldn't make impeachment stick because our politicians are fucking terrible at actually picking legit things to go after him with like the emoluments clause. The left dropped the ball massively and the right just dribbled it away.
Be sure to message me when something other than just headlines come out of promoting the fascists new book. We've had books already. We've had numerous leaks and hard evidence of other corruption. This is just another grifter making money off people who love laughing at trump doing and saying what he always does. And people are taking everything bolton says as creditable which is hilarious because earlier in the year the guy was trying to drag us into another fucking war on baseless shit. And that is just the most recent, he has plenty of flat out lies and propaganda to feed his desire for war. It's insanely irresponsible for people to be taking so much of what bolton says serious in any way.
ohh boy, i'm excited to learn about minerals now when I get home. I've heard about this before but never looked into it. Also good call, ty
it is pretty funny, it just sucks it had to be me who submits it with a terrible overused title, but alas, hopefully someone funnier than me reposts it in a couple days
You missed the post with the same title that is still on the front page of the subreddit, silly bot https://www.reddit.com/r/natureismetal/comments/hb5l9w/marlin_slicing_through_a_yellowfin_tuna/
Don't worry, you're not alone. I really did rewatch it about 10 times to pinpoint what the heck was going on. I wasn't sure what I was looking for either, never used a filter or even really noticed one in video like this. But once I saw it, wow, kinda ballsy IMO to upload this unless she herself didn't even notice? idk
I swear just like a few weeks before Vulken was shown I made a comment here how the only thing I truly wished for was engine optimizations and I was incredibly surprised and stoked off the new renderer. Now seeing this is just icing on the cake. I'm so happy GGG is taking the optimization seriously. I have a mid range computer and it for sure had started to show its age with how PoE ran on it. So these updates are huge and super thankful for it.
Yes
Hey dude, you don't even need to login to PoE. I didn't realize it at first but there is actually a second option to download it the old way: https://i.imgur.com/MDQt0uL.png
Not at all at LoL's level. As other mentioned, depends on how far back in queue you are, but it goes really fast (as far as queues for games goes, it's on the faster side.) I've never waited more than 20 minutes
The good news is you likely wont end up in a queue once you finally are able to launch the game. So maybe not as terrible as it seems, but that does sound annoying. GL this league dude
Since you said you haven't played in years, just in case you may have missed this info: make sure you run PoE in the 64-bit client and use the new Vulken renderer. It's GOOD. Then also enable to new Dynamic Particle Culling option as well. This should improve even the beefiest comptuter's performance. Also don't forget a loot filter! neversink's site has updated his. If you knew all this already then obviously disregard lol
yeah I was just hoping for it for awhile tbh. Every league it seemed like my performance kept going down ever so slightly but really adding up in the end. Stoked off these changes
the half tucked shirt really ties this outfit together
Been posted alread. It's a bug specific to div card ones, don't use it right now
This comment is so tone deaf
smh typical reddit elitist :)
if they could do exactly what they did with Brood War Remaster, and not actually fuck with the core gameplay (besides buffing stamina low levels would be dope af) I would buy like 4 copies of the game for my friends and I.
If you haven't already, Path of Diablo is a really fun mod that has a good community, reworks a lot of really bad skills/builds to be viable and adds content within the game that still feels true to the Diablo 2 core gameplay. Couple of things might be a bit power creepy but overall it's a very enjoyable experience with more content that just fits. /r/pathofdiablo
Builds define how you end up playing though? Tanky/support builds play much differently than glass cannon builds. Bow users are much different than melee. Trap/mines play differently than spell casters. There is tons of different spells that not even spell casters may play the same as other spell casters. What other definition are we using for gameplay?
If you're so very inclined to use a 6L then just buy a tabula rasa or a 6L corrupted armor. They are super cheap for being what you're claiming is the benchmark. Tabulas can be farmed by anyone in the game, no matter how bad you build is because the divination card drops from an easy and linear zone. Not only that, it really doesn't matter. I'm in Tier8 maps on a 4 link right now using spellslinger and don't have any issues. I may not even upgrade unless a 5L drops for me since I'm banking so much currency I'll be able to play a different build if I want to soon.
I just replayed D1 for the first time in like 8 years last week. Just in hell normal with my terrible melee build I had such issues in so many areas where you're just getting spammed with range stuff. It took a lot of time and patience but it was fun. I've only ever beat the game like two times before and one of them doesn't even count cause someone dropped me Godly Plate of the Whale and some other GG stuff. Honestly the game is still great. The walking thing is actually like my only complaint. The rest of it still holds up well for what it is. The atmosphere is just one of the best in any game ever, I love it. Great vid dude, about 45mins in and idk why it's so interesting but I'm sucked in now!
lmfao I was laughing pretty hard at seeing your 102 coins in your inventory. Glad it ended up working out for you GG bro
while were at it, just add an auto arrange item button for our inventory too. Been playing inventory tetris since d2, I'm a bit over it tbh
god I wish I had a meat store. All the local butchers are basically gone in my area. Sure Costco is cool, but part of what makes local butchers so great is building bonds and they save me stuff like extra pork fat for when I make sausages or something. Happy father's day though dude!
could be the flask macro?
yeah it's one of the first options in the settings the graphics options. It will either say DirectX or Vulkan. DirectX is the old one
went into someone's hideout yesterday that looked like they recreated arcane sanctuary from d1/d2. Pretty dope honestly, one of my favorite areas in D2 in terms of enviorment
I got to maps not using the MTX but once the pack sizes in maps became big enough with also other league stuff around, it was damn near unplayable. I'm use to having a bit of frame drops from having a older mid range computer. But the MTX effect is night and day how much better it is. I get a solid 120fps majority of my time now using it, only when things get super intense does it drop down to 45-60fps and that is on my older processor and video card more than anything I guess
for the last almost two days the "best" crafting stuff I get is getting socksets and colors on items with a very rare change a unique into a new unique which isn't actually great but I do enjoy trying it. Aside from that it has basically only been the chaos orb ones and the divine ones.
I only have one question: How bad did it burn your tongue? It looks dank af though. nice job
Posting is my god given right, it's in the uhh constitution actually
Says right in the tooltip, "Magic or Rare item" and ventors is a unique item
I def should have done SSF this league. I haven't really even traded much tbh but I hate price checking shit, even with a macro. I waste so much time just doing this process alone, let alone actually buying items it really bores me. Even with dump tabs for ~2c -~5c or whatever, it's just a bunch of stuff that doesn't always sell. This would have been a good league to do it too, but I hate rerolling through the Acts tbh. Twinking it is okay but going fresh doesn't sound super fun. I might take a break for awhile and go back and do SSF, not really sure yet. Glad you're having fun though, good call
splash texts are a globalist conspiracy to undermine the future generations minds with subliminal advertisements that will shape and be the downfall of all human civilization.
yeah I haven't quite got one that good but I do know stuff like this can happen which is why I like it too. It's a good gambling one, I like those and div cards that give you a chance of getting something GG randomly
shit like this is why me and so many other people were and are still hyped for classic lol. love this
I get excited for him when I see him shaking from being so eager to open up a 80 year ration. It's such a niche thing that somehow I find super interesting. Seeing how MREs have been developed or sometimes hardly changed gives a unique perspective on many different countries take on cuisine in a new different form. Dude seems to love so many of the MREs. Then there is the veggie omelette or, ["vomelet"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0ciBudwIV0) video that just sticks with me as a great moment.
But you're confident it's not a noose after never even seeing it?
LOL in a common spot like that is all it is? okay maybe this situation is a big yikes if it's really just that.
Dude, even just Act1 Butcher was fucking tough. I think only like a small handful of people were even able to beat it on Inferno before they nerfed the fuck out of it. It was super fun but I get why people complained. But I loved it
The thing is, Diablo 2 has a ton of items that any class can use. D3 seems, at least from what I can remember did not have that many unique items that can be used by all classes. So the drop pool of stuff that did dropped and not being able to use it for your class, was really high. In d2 of course you had a lot of different weapons that some classes could never use, but for idk, it had a nice balance always for me in not being super upset I found an item I can't use for my class in d2 over how rare launch d3 was getting a unique. Maybe it's a case of selective memory too.
that reminds me of how bad Witch Doctor was on release if you wanted to like, use summons like a lot of WD mains thought was the classes archtype. IIRC there was only two viable builds. A darts build and the zombie bears. Darts was good single target but slow as fuck. The zombie bears was better aoe but also super dangerous and had to be up very close. Those were like the only two builds you could safely do at the higher difficulties for quite awhile. It was actually really awful. I'm sure other classes had some shit like this too but I mained WD and was VERY disappointed with it.
&gt; it started out fun. You collect seeds, you plant them, you get targetted annuls and slams. Awesome! Then you get to maps, you are all excited, you get high-tier bases, aaaand...you are fucked, because now 99% of the seeds will give you the chaos / alch option. This is what really got me. I thought the league was gonna be a long lasting one for me in the start because of how cool the crafts were. Also found an ex while leveling, got an early 5link from the seeds and was super set to have a great league. Then two days of mapping and I haven't used a worthwhile seed craft since leveling. It feels kinda bad having something super nice feel like it's either taken away or gated behind some seriously crazy rng on the more usable seed crafts. I hope they adjust how some of the seed crafts in later levels appear. As much as this is a crafting league, it's more like a, 'chaos spam this one item you want endlessly and hope for the best' most of the time. Not really the "crafting" I pictured doing end game.
Fire. I'm VD and I've been trying to craft a super good wand with fire affixes on it. But I for whatever reason, my luck has only been getting lightning, then cold, then defense ones. I hardly have gotten more than like 6 or 7 fire ones. I get more life ones actually than fire
So if you open it up during maps, and still have portals up, you can go back to your hideout and access stash and go back into the garden and the craft will be there. But if use the way points, it resets. So long as you have portals still open, it should be okay but do not rely on that. I've done it a couple times. But you can't really save anything for later use, gotta use it while the portals are still active
my god that is infuriating. Its got many layers of selfishness, obviousness and straight up idiotic.
lmfao this is some amazing brain worms logic. Supporting BLM = somehow twisted into wanting that person and their family dead. Just astounding leaps of reasoning being done here.
She couldn't even be bothered to move the hair out of her eyes while her eye area is the main focus? jeez. Not to mention that makeup makes her brows almost look like some skid marks
$40 tops. If I even do end up buying it. It would have to stay pretty true to the original D2. I still have a lot of fun with d2/pod so it's not like it would really kill me to not even buy it in the end. I don't really mind the graphics too much, I'm super use to it.
that is weirdly adorable and sorta creepy lol
What the fuck is the "other side" here? Like seriously, I don't even understand this type of logic, no matter how hard I try to understand what he actually means. Is the other side that it's not that bad, and his friend got lunlucky? Nevermind the tens of thousands of other people who have died? ugh
imagine living your whole life, vaccinated at a young age, only to grow up and make it your life's work to make it so other people don't get vaccines and then possibly die or severely disable themselves for life. All cause you read the 34th page of google results for the "truth" on some wordpress blog.
It's not just NIMBYs. Lot's of people comment here who don't even live the greater bay area region. It's especially noticeable on certain political posts.
nooo you can't just erase a dunky statue like that! all of history will be lost, how will the future generations learn by looking at a statue in some park.
I would recommend using something like Awakened PoE macro. It price checks stuff for you and after some time using it you'll get a better and better idea of what is being solid for decent currency. Tri-res boots/gloves/helms with life or high ES usually sell very well. Rings and amulets are sought after with also high res and stuff like a high stat roll like intel/dex/str since that slot is one of the easiest to get a good roll on those. For stuff like weapons it gets a bit less generic. Some items will sell well if they have super high added elemental dmg. This league high fire damage wands with flat fire and flat spell fire sell like hot cakes cause of builds like VD. It takes some time to fully understand what sells well, and the best way to do that is just constantly price checking items before selling them and eventually you'll know right away when you ID something worth selling. Sorry i can't be more helpful but really a lot of it just takes time and game knowledge to easily pick out good items to sell
Not trying to discourage you at all, what you're doing is noble. But we had mass sit ins at powerful leader's offices like Pelosi for climate action and the response has basically been, "this is as good as it's gonna get" or "look my record, I passed such and such 15 years ago, I love the climate." A lot of them just simply don't get how dire the situation is. It's really mostly only the younger, "progressives" and more left leaning candidates that do make climate a big priority of their platform. Keep pressuring them though, a lot of politicians become so complacent over their years in congress. Strong believers in very incremental change which is no longer an option in terms of climate form.
Same thing is happening in Canada with the so called very liberal Justin Trudeau. He even said something along the lines of, "while we're on lockdown for covid, it's a good time to get those pipelines in so it's harder for them to protest." It's a systematic issue across the globe. Very few countries take it serious. Heck, the Paris Climate Agreement was touted as a big victory for all those that ended up participating, however emissions and other things are still going up globally :/
Rock candy sticking to my teeth doesn't sound nearly as bad as a million tiny particles of asbestos getting stuck up in my gums
Glad to hear you're recovering. IDK if this happened to you but my close friend who also had anorexia had a very hard time eating more and more "solid foods" during recovery. So I can only imagine how big of a deal this plate might be for you. Really good job, glad you were able to get a hearty meal in.
That is great though. Even if you don't finish it, every bit is progress and as you mentioned building the habit of just getting some food down more commonly will hopefully make it easier for you as time goes on. Eating what taste good and is appealing to you is a great way to get back on track with a more stable diet. &lt;3 stay safe
&gt; June 25, 2020 at 4:00 a.m. PDT &gt; SAN FRANCISCO — When he defiantly reopened the company’s plant in Fremont, Calif., against county orders last month, Elon Musk promised Tesla employees they could stay home if they felt uneasy. They would not be penalized. &gt; &gt; If “you feel uncomfortable coming back to work at this time, please do not feel obligated to do so,” he wrote in an email sent to the company’s factory workers in early May that was viewed by The Washington Post. &gt; &gt; Nonetheless, two Tesla workers say they received termination notices alleging a “failure to return to work” after they opted to take unpaid leave to protect themselves and their family members when the factory restarted production the second week of May. &gt; &gt; The workers, Carlos Gabriel and Jessica Naro, said they both received the notices last week from Tesla’s human resources department citing their apparent failure to show up and the company’s inability to reach them. The workers provided evidence of their continuing correspondence with managers. They believe they received the notifications for speaking up about their concerns with working conditions at the plant. &gt; &gt; Since they received the notices last week, both Gabriel and Naro said they have received calls from HR representatives. Naro was told she could come back, though she was prompted to offer a date of return. &gt; &gt; Their concerns about safety are shared by a half-dozen workers who spoke with The Post, some on the condition of anonymity for fear of losing their jobs. They said that Tesla is failing to follow social distancing guidelines, with lax enforcement of rules concerning masks and sanitation of machinery. They also complain of little transparency by the company about new cases of infection, as well as its response. &gt; &gt; Employees are “hovering over each other,” one worker said. Some workers disappear for two weeks and their peers are told they’re “sick,” without further explanation, another worker said. Supervisors cite health privacy law in not disclosing particular cases, but workers say Tesla hasn’t even described broadly how widespread the novel coronavirus is at the plant. &gt; &gt; Already, workers at Tesla’s seat plant down the road from its main factory were told of two confirmed cases among workers on the morning and evening shifts, with at least three others exposed to the coronavirus. &gt; &gt; Branton Phillips, who works on Tesla’s Model S sedan and Model X SUV lines, said he embarks on a daily ritual on returning from the plant: spraying down equipment and removing and bagging his clothes. He showers before saying hi to his wife, Shirley, who has diabetes and heart ailments. Phillips said he takes the risk into account but also needs to work to keep a steady paycheck. &gt; &gt; He compared the lack of mask use at work to the push and pull of wearing them in areas across the country. “You’re reflecting what’s outside in the world inside the plant,” he added. &gt; &gt; Tesla’s standoff, first with public health officials, then with its own workers, has become one of the most dramatic corporate battles taking place over response to the global coronavirus pandemic. Musk and the company have argued that the work is essential, something the county disputed. Some workers say that the company‘s opaque approach is endangering their lives to build cars. &gt; &gt; Companies around the world are struggling to balance measures to limit the spread of the virus with the need to reopen. Amazon, for example, has kept its warehouses running as essential for supply, but dozens of cases have been reported there. (Amazon founder and chief executive Jeff Bezos owns The Washington Post.) Grocery stores, too, have seen a spread of cases. &gt; &gt; Tesla’s Elon Musk receives support from Trump as he reopens factory in defiance of county order &gt; &gt; Tesla and Alameda County, home to Tesla’s Fremont factory, have so far declined to say how many cases have been reported at the plant, which employs about 10,000. &gt; &gt; Meanwhile, cases of the coronavirus are spiking in California. Alameda County, in particular, has been hard-hit, recording some of the highest case numbers among California counties — with more than 5,000 total by this week. &gt; &gt; Tesla did not respond to a request for comment. Alameda County spokeswoman Neetu Balram said officials there were reviewing their policies to determine what type of outbreak-related information concerning Tesla could be released, given the public interest in the subject. &gt; &gt; “Tesla is reporting their cases among employees directly to [the Alameda County Public Health Department] as required by their Site Specific Plan, which is also a requirement for all businesses that are reopening,” she said. &gt; &gt; Though Tesla’s CEO has garnered a reputation for outspokenness on social media, the maker of electric cars is among the most secretive companies in Silicon Valley. Employees, like the broader public, are left to learn of Musk’s mind-set through his sporadic 280-character posts on Twitter. &gt; &gt; Initially, he dismissed the coronavirus panic as “dumb” in early March. &gt; &gt; Shortly after, Alameda County enacted a sweeping stay-at-home order in mid-March, joining other Bay Area counties that were among the first in the country to take drastic measures aimed at curbing the spread of the coronavirus and covid-19, the illness it causes. Musk told employees in an email at the time that the factory would remain open and that he would personally report to work, but that they could stay home if they felt uncomfortable or ill. &gt; &gt; Ultimately, city and county officials intervened, and Tesla agreed to wind down to the “minimum basic operations” allowed under the rules. But that wasn’t the end of the battle. &gt; &gt; Elon Musk calls Tesla workers back to the factory (again). Health officials say no (again). &gt; &gt; In late April, Musk went on an erratic tweetstorm that culminated in his writing “FREE AMERICA NOW” in response to widespread stay-at-home orders. He launched into an expletive-laden rant on the company’s earnings call the next day, labeling quarantine measures “fascist” and demanding that politicians return people’s “freedom.” Musk defiantly reopened the factory in early May, winning President Trump’s support as he bucked the county’s orders once more. &gt; &gt; Ultimately, county officials backed down and agreed to allow Tesla to fully reopen May 18. &gt; &gt; The Post reported earlier in June that workers at the factory’s seat assembly plant were told multiple colleagues had tested positive for the coronavirus — and Alameda County officials confirmed Tesla had reported coronavirus cases in Fremont. Laurie Shelby, Tesla’s vice president for environment, health and safety, told workers in an email that there had been no workplace transmissions of the illness, though it was unknown how the exact origin of each of the cases would have been determined. &gt; &gt; Jane McAlevey, a union organizer who serves as senior policy fellow at the University of California at Berkeley’s Center for Labor Research and Education, said Musk’s treatment of his workforce was typical of tech companies in Silicon Valley. &gt; &gt; “He is causing untold problems for his workers,” she said. “He has stressed them out — there’s a huge history there before the covid crisis of health and safety violations. They’re saddled by the kind of promises and rushed production that get people hurt, and now he’s doing it again during a pandemic.” &gt; &gt; Since learning of the cases, some workers say they’ve been beset by fear of coming down with covid-19. It’s a matter of particular concern on the vehicle production lines, where multiple workers touch components and share machinery. Some pool into an outdoor tent where they assemble cars. &gt; &gt; At some meetings, workers stand three feet apart instead of six feet, one worker said. They rely on masks to keep them safe, the worker said, wearing them for up to 12 hours. Workers periodically sanitize equipment, particularly after breaks, but there’s little enforcement and “we hardly do that,” the worker said. &gt; &gt; “It’s all a big aggravation,” said plant employee Phillips. “At the same time it’s hot and sweaty inside there, we’re working 11-hour days and we’re stressed out. It’s making for real — sometimes very — tense situations inside.” &gt; &gt; These concerns have prompted some workers to stay home, comforted by Tesla’s promises that they could keep their job without pay in the interim. Ultimately, Gabriel and Naro, who were told they were being fired last week, believe Tesla’s actions were retaliation for their appearance this month at a news conference where they spoke about conditions at the plant and their fear of returning to work. The San Jose Mercury News previously reported on Gabriel’s termination notice. &gt; &gt; “Carlos, there is no need to feel that you are going to lose your job,” wrote Vince Woodard, Tesla’s acting human resources director, in a May email to Gabriel viewed by The Post. “If at this time you do not feel comfortable returning to work, you can stay home without penalty and take the time unpaid.“ &gt; &gt; A day after the June 15 news conference, however, Gabriel and Naro received emails from the company’s human resources department titled “Failure to Return to Work.” The company’s HR department informed them they would be let go. But they also could dispute the matter and be brought back on — but with the implication that they would have to return to work.
&gt; Naro and Gabriel said they both responded to the email. Naro was able to secure her job. Gabriel, who declined to speak with the human resources representative unless the call could be recorded or the conversation could be moved to email, said Tesla has lost his trust. He hasn’t heard back. He is convinced he has lost his position on the powertrain floor, where he installs battery packs on the Model S and X vehicles, because he cannot risk going back with the conditions he’s learned about. &gt; &gt; “Some people don’t really care about wearing [personal protective equipment],” he said. “PPE is thrown on the ground after being used. People are afraid to go to the bathroom. People are afraid to eat.” &gt; &gt; Naro, who has opted not to return because her 6-year-old son was hospitalized with a respiratory illness this year, said that with distancing requirements only loosely followed, it is unthinkable for her to work in the resulting conditions: hours-long shifts with shared machinery, in close quarters with others. She said she took Musk at his word in early May but thinks her job was threatened because she did so and then spoke out. &gt; &gt; “I actually spoke with a [supervisor] ... and he said, ‘Do you have any idea when you’re gonna be returning back?’ and I said, ‘When covid-19 is over.’ ”
I wish there was a div card that you could farm that gave you a trials fragment to use in your hideout to farm trials. IDK if that would ever work tbh but the current system isn't really rewarding or enjoyable, especially SSF. I know in trade leagues there is channels you can use to leech off other people's trials, but for a expected build mechanic it sure is gated too prohibitively
it's their garden now, sorry bro :)
You are correct about the phrase and the people. One of my favorite George Carlin quotes consistently proves to be true everyday: “Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.”
Have you WATCHED tucker's show, like ever? All he does is complain about democrats, the "radical left" and any social justice group wanting to actually improve society some what. What the OP said makes perfect sense if you realize Tucker is so full of it wondering "how" the country got this way. His entire platform is making his viewers angry about everything any left leaning person does.
lmao dude you're a space cadet what the fuck
definitely worked with people in the past that are like this. even just the mildest inconvenience in their routine really pisses them off, even if it's just a standard part of the job. Like putting a different sauce on something. It doesn't change much but somehow they get mad about it. I never really understood it. Some restaurants, usually more expensive ones have very strict "no substitutes" rules and live by that rule and I can respect that. But a lot of places will accommodate minor changes to an item and it's worth it to ask if that is what you want. Some people legit just suck at their job and take out their disdain on customers because of various reasons.
Also while most of the crafts in D2 were not always used, things like Amulets and Blood gloves would be cool to have again. I'd like to see those implemented as an extra way to possibly craft a really good item. Doesn't need to be super complicated, but I kinda liked crafting amulets and rings when I got to a high level. It also made it worth it to pick up certain things that otherwise were useless on their own. When I started a season late, I'd always save all my PGems and other materials for high end crafting and sell them in bulk to get a leg up as I started the season. Having a few different ways to make some currency can be really useful.
If only I could wake up every morning and look up at this. Amazing
If fentanyl or carfentanil was on this list, the image would be so much wider. One of the most dangerous drugs out there that has gotten popular in one way or another.
Well don't leave us hanging bro, what you end up getting out of all those? GGs never seen anything like it!
This is a great shot
I know it isn't efficent usually, but I buy maps all the time from zana because the trade experience getting low tier maps is god awful. plus they usually only cost chance orbs or alchs early on so it's not even a big deal.
I keep a jacket and blanket rolled up under 1 seat. A road side / medical aid kit on the other seat and some water and shelf stable snacks under the other seats. You can't see anything at all in my car. Nothing is ever visible, including chargers or cables. Worked in Oakland, Concord, Martinez and some other places and never had an issue with it, but also luck has been on my side.
