Charming.
Enough!
He signed it, which is nice. But it was designed and passed by Democrats. We should thank Senator Tom Harkin instead.
Where did I paint is as if he was against it?
Who says we can’t?
Were you a 30-something adult professional working in the entertainment industry and living in Los Angeles and New York? No? I don’t really see how it compares to the experience of a 9 year old, dude.
I dunno what year did Matthew Shepard get beaten to death?
The Academy was having trouble finding a host and decided not to look too hard at Hart's past. That decision bit them in the ass.
Why are you being pedantic?
What evidence could I possibly offer that would convince you a grown-ass man working in the entertainment industry should not claim that threatening to assault his child for not being manly enough is a youthful indiscretion. I'm about the same age as Kevin Hart and I knew at that age that harming gay children and calling them names was wrong. I can imagine that would be especially true for my own child. Kevin has worked with and around gay people his entire career. He knows better. It wasn't a joke, it wasn't funny, and until today he had never apologized for the comments. Find your own evidence. I really don't care, he already quit.
Your assertion only makes sense if I have some way of preventing people from also praising Bush for the ACA (I don't, for the record), or am somehow asserting ONLY one person can be praised. I only stated my opinion that if we are to praise someone for a "long lasting legacy" on a policy it should be the person actually crafted it, not the person who signed a veto-proof bill but otherwise showed no leadership on the subject prior to it's overwhelming popularity in Congress. Yeah, we should thank Harkin instead of Bush, I meant what I said.
Washington would’ve led the troops himself!
Why would ignore this gift?
I'm guessing Prague.
Not without a time machine.
Huh?
Aren’t you describing Jason Todd’s origin story?
Jeez, you seem miserable. Maybe some people are interested in the story? Why feel the need to comment just to shit on them?
Where there’s smock there’s FOIA
Wait he told you he only knew what lobbyists told him? That’s bold.
Devil may care
Left wing nuts aren’t genocidal, they just don’t like vaccines and think crystals can heal
This is exactly the attitude at /r/asktrumpsupporters They know he’s breaking the law, but they don’t care as long as it hurts brown people and women. They’d welcome a dictator as long as he was “their guy”.
Oh, I take your non answer to mean it’s WILDLY disproportionate with the right being responsible for many orders of magnitude more violence, including hundreds dead. I’m sorry your poor widdle window got smashed during a WTO protest, my condolences.
But the industry, my friends, that was a revolution.
Hot Eats, Cool Treats
What’s wrong with doing the DNA test? It proved her right. The right is scared of her and is freaking out that their racist schoolyard taunt has lost its juice.
Holy shit what an idiot. He walked right into their trap, repeatedly!
Schumer tried and failed to suppress a smile. Jesus Christ, I can only assume Trump was tasked by Putin with destroying the GOP from inside.
There were action figure lines for Alien, Aliens, Terminator 2, Predator...there was no real action figure market for adults in the 80s, so all of that stuff was aimed at kids.
Hey remember when JJ blew up the entire political establishment using a wanna be Death Star from halfway across the galaxy? GREAT world building!
I always find this reasoning hilarious. No one goes to any great efforts to make British TV available to all countries, or French TV, or Australian TV. I can't watch any of those countries' shows legally when they launch, I have to hope they make it to Netflix or PBS or something. But I don't feel entitled to it. It's because these companies do not have global infrastructure in place to serve their platform on day one. Even Disney doesn't have the resources or the inclination to launch world wide day and date, the amount of advertising, tech support, and bandwidth that would require would be astronomical for something NO ONE is sure will be a success yet. They'll make their budget back from domestic subscriptions 10x over, and THEN they'll still be able to sell the global rights to Netflix, Hulu, YouTube, whomever for hundreds of millions more. Eventually, Disney will have made enough money and be sure enough about the domestic service that they'll launch in other countries, and future content will land day-and-date all over the world, just like Netflix.
We heard over and over again for the last year to not talk about a blue wave so as not to get complacent. We still talked about it all the time, and no one got complacent, and we won big. So now what? We live in fear of the evil eye forever and just post cynical pessimistic statements only unless we want to be chided by the likes of you? Fuck that.
Which articles? News articles? What’s your strongest evidence of this?
I think you're approaching this in a strange way, working backwards from a conclusion you've already reached. It seems extremely cynical to the point of ridiculousness. If you really think the Picard show is going to be a buddy cop comedy I'm not sure you're likely to be accurate. Maybe you're trying to be edgy or something?
Tell me, how many DSA and OurRevolution candidates flipped seats from red to blue in 2018? It’s the worst political climate for Republicans in generations, Trump is the face of the enemy, and they are coming off of a huge amount of organizing and fundraising in 2016. So how did they do in winning over the purple and red parts of the country compared to centrist or third way Democrats that you disdain so much?
Nah, I dont believe you, try again friend
Most of them lead very sad, unproductive lives
I don’t care what brigading y’all-quedas think of me
Why don’t you? Republicans only change their behavior when it personally affects them.
I’m sorry you’ll need to take a number with the other 30 Talibangical brigadiers, line starts to the left.
No, you misunderstand me, I equate all gun owners who associate with /u/Geralt_of_Rivia1 with white nationalists. You should've seen him crying over Ruby Ridge in the other thread.
But that's the very definition of entitlement. You think you're owed access to Disney's content at any time without interruption, regardless of their business strategy. I'm sure you've given this a lot of thought, but I can guarantee you they've spent countless hours doing research and planning for this launch. Somehow I don't think you'll have to wait long for their service to launch internationally.
That's one way of looking at it, another is he's a white supremacist gun nut douchebag who got his family killed.
&gt;It's an annoyance to me when I want to throw money at Disney, but they wont let me. **The only way I'll be able to watch The Mandalorian, is by piracy.** &gt;if Disney decides to force a large chunk of their customers onto illegal alternatives to watch their shows, tons of those customers are most likely lost for good, because its so easy to just download them. Are you under the impression that Disney is unaware of piracy, and hasn't factored it into their decision making process or service roll-out plan?
Randy Weaver is a white supremacist who sold guns to Aryan Nations. Don't you obsessed, angry rightists know anything?
I'm sure you understand Disney's business model better than they do. If only they'd call for advice. Alas, I'm sure it's going to work out for them, I don't think Star Wars as a brand is under any threat of disappearing because Europe got a TV show a few months after the US and some people got impatient and torrented it.
&gt; Armchair business developer? Sure
I'm not even following your train of thought right now. Somehow the armchair comment ties back to EA and that has something to do with Disney+'s international rollout?
A joke needs a punchline, also it should be funny. Your comment had neither, and was taken seriously at face value. Perhaps you should work on your context clues and expressing yourself over the internet more accurately if you don't want people to take your words at face value?
I mean that’s inevitable when you guys are a walking talking Freudian case study, innit?
I don't care about charges, he's a self-avowed white supremacist. Stop dancing around that, you guys look like idiots.
It’s pretty scary because Devine’s involvement in Bernie’s campaign opens up this conspiracy to a completely different level. I’m no huge fan of Clinton’s (I held grudges from 2007-08), but she may have been the only major candidate *not* compromised by Russia.
Supreme Court
Uh huh. And having the Knights be all female is signaling...which virtue? What virtue is imperial command and all Jedi being 100% male signaling in the OT?
Why was it critical to the story that any of the Imperials or Jedi in the OT be all males?
The Knights of Ren have already been established in two films. What would being present just for their gender look like in your opinion? Should their characters ideally be written entirely gender neutral on your opinion? Should casting be done via blind resumes?
Kory said this exact line last episode, when Dick and Donna catch up to her.
Is this the identity politics the right keeps going on and on about?
This is very naive. Do you have any historical precedent for this claim?
Do you think Hearst papers didn’t also dominate during the yellow journalism era?
Hard pass.
As long as you don't pull you money out in a panic and you aren't already retirement age you should be fine long term: https://money.usnews.com/money/blogs/the-smarter-mutual-fund-investor/2012/10/03/new-to-investing-use-dollar-cost-averaging
It was Ion
Chris Matthews’ book *Hardball* was required reading in my political science class on Congress. It’s excellent but much is not applicable because of changes in congressional culture over the last 15 years.
Trump is going to have the Justice Department up his ass for the rest of his life. Also likely an injunction against any Trump owning a media company after the full story with Cambridge Analytica comes out.
Shitty. But not as shitty as their father.
She's 46 years old, it's just called aging.
Will he be welcoming back [Tad Devine](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/the-bernie-sanders-ad-man-who-played-paul-manaforts-game/2018/08/01/0df78c18-95c7-11e8-a679-b09212fb69c2_story.html?utm_term=.c0a99e1802c3)?
$3.99 a month for Amazon prime members. Support good journalism with your money or it will go away.
So you acknowledge that there are countries around the world that would kill people based on what’s in the private messages, but you’re still calling it scare tactics and what ifs? That doesn’t make any sense. There’s good reason for many people to be paranoid.
Look... they're shooting buffalo, government says... it killed a million of 'em last year alone.
I think it corresponds to publication date of the referenced issues.
Oh well you’re right it’s no big deal then
You have no idea how a bill becomes a law, do you? Something you have in common with Trump.
We’re not conquerors despite Trump’s barely concealed desires. Putin doesn’t give a fuck.
Nope, you don’t get any real benefit from a deal with the devil like this. They’ll keep spending exactly where it is, or increase it. No bake sales for the Air Force.
But you aren’t OP
It’s not difficult to imagine why the WTC organization doesn’t want their new tower in a sandbox game. Have you seen the types of people on the internet? You’d have bad taste videos of people jumping off the new WTC to their characters’ deaths, people trying to direct helicopters or explosives toward the building, throwing bad guys off... No iconic building wants that kind of publicity, let alone one that only exists because terrorists knocked the last two down.
lol u mad
Scale and proportion. Yes these two individuals are being punished, but they were able to cripple one of the busiest airports in Europe for almost a week for a very small investment in money and time. Their impact is disproportionate in comparison to other attacks because of the size and mobility and carrying capacity of commercial drones. We’re in a whole new era.
That weird southern self-hating closet-case thing really plays to the MAGA shitheels and proud boys doesn’t it? I think you’re on to something.
1963
Withdrawing without a *plan* is what has liberals upset. You’d know that if you spent any time reading their opinions rather than straw manning.
You have no idea who the Kurds are and why they are important, do you?
Two advanced degrees from MIT and a tenure as deputy SecDef. What’re acceptable qualifications to you?
Italy? What are they good at, [arresting seismologists because they “failed” to predict an earthquake?](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/oct/23/jailing-italian-seismologists-scientific-community)
Oh you want Trump I see
Can you name the top five attacks Clinton made against Sanders?
Harris/O’Rourke 2020
Harris/O’Rourke 2020
I don’t know if they can pass a bill to match one passed by the previously seated Senate
Why are you so desperate to change the subject? I was trying to have a dialog with OP challenging him to prove his assertions, and you’re coming in with a straw man that has nothing to do with the question. Feel free to participate if you have an answer to my question, though.
Is Sanders responsible for Killer Mike saying he’d kick his children out of his house for supporting gun control? Do you have any examples of Secretary Clinton attacking Senator Sanders or not? Do you think I could find video of Sanders personally attacking Clinton? I bet I could 😚
A much wider group of what? Who? Where? You didn’t explain anything, but you were vague enough that someone not paying attention might think you did.
Link?
Which Republicans in the Senate do you think will flip to supporting Medicare for All?
Maybe Clinton should have talked more about Burlington College and all that money Sanders accepted from gas and oil companies, but she didn’t. Otherwise you’d link to it. Instead you’re trying to compare a Senator to a rapper. SMH.
His campaign was shockingly negative. Where did she call him unqualified? [He certainly said that about her.](https://www.cnn.com/2016/04/06/politics/bernie-sanders-hillary-clinton-qualified/index.html), which was terrible and dishonest and should have been disqualifying for him politically. Also, he did prioritize gun manufacturers over justice for Sandy Hook parents, there’s nothing false about that statement and it’s not an attack, it’s the truth.
That’s convenient. So how do you plan to achieve this tidal shift in the Senate?
Yeah the independent isn’t a real source. Sounds like she was criticizing him for not supporting gun reform advocates by Sandy Hook parents. Nowhere did she lay the blame for the attack at his feet, that’s a lie.
So that goes entirely against your assertion that she blamed him for the deaths of children at Sandy Hook, doesn’t it? Was that a lie too?
Did you somehow miss the last ten years of the GOP railing against healthcare and insurance reform? Death panels? Were you asleep? The republicans don’t care.
I did, they all said 2/3 majorities are needed.
Not really, but feel free to elaborate.
I didn’t say anything about her campaign. Quote me. Or stop lying.
[Some on the left have been as well](https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1013870942194462720.html)
Adnan was probably guilty, but had a shitty lawyer and shitty cops involved and probably should not have been convicted on the evidence provided.
You’re the one who said she “shat on him” for being unqualified. Show me where I asked for evidence about the campaign and not Clinton personally. I’ll wait.
Some poor Giants fan got his head caved in at a Dodgers game 5 or 6 years ago after some trashtalk in the outfield bleachers.
Except there's a good two minutes of hit and run before the hammer shows up.
Maybe we should randomly drug test all gun owners to make sure they are in compliance with their Form 4473. Sound good?
You didn’t watch the video, did you?
I don't disagree. Let's be honest about it, just like I said.
Maybe so, but the hammer didn't appear until after the driver had committed to the hit and run. That would be obvious if you watched the video. There's not retroactive exoneration when it comes to this stuff, you know that right?
I mean, granted, but we're talking about dramatically shrinking an otherwise "healthy" industry and series of private companies. It's not really been done at the scale and speed MFA would bring. It's worth being upfront and honest about it. People will lose their homes and livelihoods in some cases through no fault of their own due to a government decree. It should be approached with respect and honesty.
The hammer appears many minutes after this person tried to flee the scene of the crime.
That has nothing to do with why this guy decided to hit and run
And you don't get a "Good for 1 Free Crime" card just because someone else broke the law too.
Wonderful insight, really deep thinking. 👍
Not as bad as inhaling solvents and welding smoke, or bending over 150 times a day. It's okay, I'm sure Trumpcare will fix it. Have some oxy and fent and keep on working!
Unfortunately OSHA shut down because my oxy addled mind kept voting for Republicans
People who understand how statistics works trust them. Morons with no education or an objective to discredit them intentionally sow FUD though. Read some Nate Silver and 538, get smart.
Hitler pushes technological and medical boundaries too. Doesn’t mean those that do should be admired for those reasons alone.
Removal isn’t the only acceptable outcome. Impeachment alone is worth the effort. It’s a rebuke.
I try not to live my life hope they run the country based on the whims of Trump’s base. God fucking forbid.
And salt the earth
They’re welcome to “own” me by losing their livelihoods. Can we automate this to make it more efficient?
Is the implication here that Sanders was/is someone with quality legislative experience of the type LBJ demonstrated?
Is there a second place prize in the primaries I wasn't aware of?
I’m pretty sure that was the racism.
It’s not 100% necessary, but the story is richer with Funeral For a Friend. I really liked FFAF, it focused on the supporting cast and their reaction to Superman’s death and set the stage for the RoS.
Blah blah blah she was a horrible person who didn’t want people to have basic healthcare and now she’s dead because of preventable diseases. Karma is a bitch.
No she died in a was that was ironic because of her shitty political views. It’d be like if I died in a way that could have been prevented by being super racist or wanting to take money from poor people. Understand?
How can any filing in a secret Supreme Court case be commonplace? If you don’t think it’s newsworthy just move on.
Oh hey looks like she skipped the widely available [meningitis vaccine too.](https://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/vpd/mening/public/index.html) Hope you get your flu shot.
No one said they deserve to die, but if they make themselves a public advocate for denying people healthcare and actively working against scientific and medical progress like vaccines and climate change (also a medical issue) then they are free to be mocked when their hubris and back lack of humanity manifests itself in such an ironic manner. I’d feel the same about any conservative that died for their idiotic beliefs that exist solely to deny human rights to others.
It was delivered two working days before deadline. That’s your story.
[Literally no](https://twitter.com/Bre_payton/status/1071070658577219586) lol
Great, you let me know when you’ve got that solved. In the meantime, any solution that results in the #1 reason for bankruptcy being medical debt is really fucking stupid. And she said “Literally no” to the concept of health care as a human right. She made a joke at the expense of millions of Americans who struggle to afford healthcare and work in jobs they hate because of insurance. She doesn’t deserve any sympathy because she’s shown no sympathy for others. She mocked them instead. Where was your outrage then?
I stopped reading after you said she was attacking Clinton rather than the message. She wrote “*Literally* no” to the message in bold white type. It couldn’t be more obvious. You’re either oblivious or not arguing in good faith.
I don’t care enough to. It’s literally in this comment chain. Move your finger four inches and you’ll find it. Lazy!
There goes what?
He obviously wanted to fuck her. He went full on white knight, there’s no denying it.
You mean a white guy?
These guys didn’t like Obama either. So what’s your excuse for that?
So they’re stupid AND racist. Tell me, why should I care about trading the votes of 100,000 racist ignorant farmers for the millions of new urban voters a Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama can bring in?
You’d have to ask Russia and the GOP, we didn’t have a fair or free election in 2016.
These guy sure love speaking in their “code” they don’t think liberals can decipher.
Exactly! My ENTIRE point is that BoB was a larger political movement than PUMA because of the size and scale of social media now compared to ten years ago. Please feel free to counter that argument with facts. I didn’t say anything about how it affected voting. Maybe you read into it too far and lost the plot?
This response feels a little wobbly. You okay dude? Who doesn’t want to win? You’re the one who keeps talking about winning the voters in your area, now you’re moving the goal posts.
Well, let’s use your example then. In Virginia, where you live, Clinton beat Sanders in the primaries 66/33, and beat Trump in the general 49/44. Have you ever considered the possibility that it’s YOU who are out of touch with what voters want?
What are you talking about? Do you know how politics and presidential elections work? Democrats in Virginia OVERWHELMINGLY voted for Clinton, and most of the general election voters wanted her to be president by a five point margin. Why should SWVA get to overturn the will of 2/3 of the state?
But Virginia DID pull through. You don’t get to ignore results you don’t like because they cut against your narrative. Those farmers who felt bad about being told coal was dead DON’T MATTER. There are more people who work at Arby’s nationwide than work in coal mines, but we don’t worry about the Arby’s voting block. Pennsylvania Democratic Primary Results: Clinton: 55.6% Sanders: 43.6% Seems like Pennsylvania felt the same way as Virginia. Factor in the Russia/GOP/NRA election fraud and its starting to look like Clinton was a very strong candidate for Democrats.
I think too many Americans are paralyzed by denial that ~40% of the country are truly awful people who would gladly support fascism as long as it was "their guy". Stop being surprised and start organizing against them.
Why not both? We should pass laws prohibiting both kinds of impaired driving. Tell me your state and I’m sure they have one on the books for distracted driving. In the meantime I absolutely don’t want anyone who drank three beers in 60 minutes to be behind the wheel of a car. That’s insane!
Yeah who could imagine people different than me deserve the same rights I do? I don’t know them!
Dude, do you even know where you are? No one is getting in these peoples faces about it. Names are obscured. The people in this sub are here to draw some satisfaction from reluctant displays of self awareness.
That sounds great in theory, but that kind of deprogramming takes months or years of intense one on one debate and teaching people how to think critically - in person! Because their lack of empathy makes it impossible to really make an impact online or with people too far outside their socio-economic situation. Meanwhile, this sub is for making fun of people we'll never meet.
Those people probably should stay away from /r/trumpgret then
The "establishment" is the only thing holding Trump and the Russians at bay right now. What's Bernie done to earn my vote? Or is it just "his turn"?
You think someone being blackmailed can turn an invitation down? Bro do you even blackmail?
Season 01, not 1
Where did you point out where he's wrong?
And succeeding, apparently
It's a difference in culture. The US is a VERY young country, and our form of democracy was version 1.0. The entire history of the United States only spans three lifetimes. A turnover in leadership every 4-8 years was more of a feature than a bug as we were trying to find our footing. Besides, plenty of other western democracies have the potential to change leadership about as often. We can't even call for new elections.
"Reform" is meaningless populist pablum that can mean anything anyone wants it to mean.
Jeez you aren’t kidding. The genie alone probably makes that true, but the starheart, Fate, (planet moving) Supes, Diana and the freaking Spectre. Who could even challenge them?
What a great Batgirl costume! Here’s another piece: https://twitter.com/ottoschmidt72/status/1211701739017134080?s=21
Yeah you're right the GOP would totally treat Bernie with kid gloves if he were elected
That’s not true at all, this is a national poll. &gt; The poll shows Biden registering 30 percent support among Democrats nationally. In a relatively distant second place is Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), who notched 17 percent in the survey. Perhaps you should read the article before trying to...what’s the phrase...correct the record?
To support Joe Biden’s signature legislation, the VAWA? Now remind me, how many times did Bernie try to pass an amendment decoupling VAWA from the crime bill? How many legislators did he convince and persuade to support his position?
Your last two sentences seem to imply it’s not legit. Are you suggesting that dozens of unrelated organizations including universities and local newspapers have conspired somehow with the DNC or other forces to suppress the fielding of qualifying polls? Just trying to understand the implication.
Like what? You want them to change the rules all of the candidates already agreed to abide by? That hardly seems fair. Seems like rigging.
Another way of thinking about it: There are more people who work at Arby’s than work in coal mines
Whose fault is that? Polls are independent of the political process. The DNC shouldn’t interfere with universities and news organizations to benefit a low polling candidate.
And we’ve seen plenty of evidence that money can buy access but it doesn’t buy voters. Otherwise we’d be looking that the Mike Bloomberg nomination. Yang just isn’t catching fire with Democratic voters. Maybe he could try running something larger than a small business before trying to run the country? Holding an office where he represents more than his family and employees?
It’s impossible to keep track of what you guys want. Now the DNC isn’t controlling enough of the process and you want them influencing independent organizations to benefit particular candidates? The hypocrisy is dizzying.
Guess what? The DNC agrees with you: https://www.nytimes.com/2020/01/03/us/politics/dnc-debate-polls.html
What we’re his actual responsibilities that came with his global ambassadorship? Staff? Budget? Deliverables?
Use your imagination, how do you think Bernie stans would react to a DNC funded poll that shows Biden in the lead?
Bush is responsible for over a million deaths. They’re both evil.
And they were both far better that way.
Why not? Are they a limited resource?
You don’t think a candidate dropping out and endorsing a rival is more important than “what’s going on in your state today” or the latest AMA with a journalist from Slate.com?
She would be safer in gen pop?
How privileged of you. I can’t imagine you have any family in cages at the border, or in harms way overseas. The Supreme Court must not affect you at all. But it will affect tens of millions of women. Disgusting.
[More privilege. Shocking.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Obergefell_v._Hodges?wprov=sfti1)
Do you know how the Supreme Court works? If Ruth Bader Ginsberg is replaced by a Trump appointee how do you see future civil rights cases going? Do you care at all?
That’s great if it happens once. But there’s hundreds of hours of newscasts per day. There will be dozens of mistakes a day if someone’s always trying to listen to two different people while having an argument. How many public embarrassing failures do you think it will take before the whole endeavor becomes a joke? You might as well just ask all guests to submit written answers beforehand, it will actually accomplish something instead of just the thrill of some little red buzzer going off when you feel like you’ve scored a point.
Oh right, the producer. That’s three people the interviewer is needing to keep track of. The audience will really love that. &gt; This format change obviously isn’t going to happen, but not because of the “issues” you brought up. Why don’t you tell us why dozens of news organizations are conspiring to keep this wonderful new idea from getting off the ground?
[Like Tad Devine’s boss before Bernie?](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/the-bernie-sanders-ad-man-who-played-paul-manaforts-game/2018/08/01/0df78c18-95c7-11e8-a679-b09212fb69c2_story.html)
That’s because Chomsky-ites don’t really understand the rules of power and think everyone’s playing from the same rulebook. &gt; The aide said that guys like me were ‘in what we call the reality-based community,’ which he defined as people who ‘believe that solutions emerge from your judicious study of discernible reality.’ [...] ‘That’s not the way the world really works anymore,’ he continued. ‘We’re an empire now, and when we act, we create our own reality. And while you’re studying that reality—judiciously, as you will—we’ll act again, creating other new realities, which you can study too, and that’s how things will sort out. We’re history’s actors...and you, all of you, will be left to just study what we do’. Suskind, Ron (October 17, 2004). "Faith, Certainty and the Presidency of George W. Bush". The New York Times Magazine.
“We the people” doesn’t exist. Donald Trump’s approval ratings prove that. Be skeptical of **anyone** who claims to speak for “we the people”, they’re usually narcissists.
[Yeah Republican sure do know about US presidents funding missiles \(they didn't use rockets today\) for Iran to use against us.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran%E2%80%93Contra_affair)
Low energy Trump
I don’t really see the point in debating ever increasingly wild hypotheticals. Anyone who isn’t a malignant narcissist who appoints death cult dominionists to head the State Department or gives white supremacists power over immigration will be an automatic vote from me if they’re running against Trump. How you can look at the events of the last 72 hours and not think the same is pretty astonishing to me.
What if democracy isn’t restored in a long weekend? I protested Iraq dozens of times, and saw Occupy Wall Street last over a year. So who pays for your kids daycare or school or babysitting while you’re protesting? Or are they not having to attend school? If you lose your job and health insurance because you decided to participate in a general strike, how many GoFundMes will you need to support your family? America isn’t Hong Kong, 30sq mi where everyone can take public transit home at the end of the night and sleep in their own bed.
[Biden’s support among blacks is 29% higher than Bernie’s.](https://www.politico.com/news/2019/12/13/poll-biden-continues-to-dominate-among-black-voters-084285) Why? If Biden’s record is so terrible, why has Bernie failed to convince black Democrats to support him instead?
&gt; So why would black voters support conservative interests at all, ever? Well, the answer’s simple: POC are people and susceptible to propaganda, bad arguments, and fear just like everyone else. So you’re saying the black democrats supporting Biden over Sanders are...low information voters? &gt; Here’s another example: the Black Caucus and Black leaders supported the 1996 Crime Bill which disproportional effected people of color, especially the black community. [Bernie Sanders voted for the 1994 Crime Bill too](https://votesmart.org/bill/2666/8585/27110/omnibus-crime-bill). He voted for the incarceration of millions of non violent drug offenders, thousands of them for life sentences. &gt; This point you keep using is some weird logical fallacy you keep trying to push, similar to trying to claim marginalized people can’t be bigots lol. This seems to be a straw man you’ve constructed. Are you saying the black democrats overwhelmingly supporting Biden are bigots?
So if your job doesn’t offer a pension but does offer a 401k, you wouldn’t participate at all in it?
I dunno, both my grandfather and my father got civil service pensions, but they can’t draw social security. My grandpa also had a private company pension, but we just got word yesterday that it’s going under. Pensions are also widely under or unfunded for many major cities’ workers. A 401k seems more reliable and portable to me. Most companies offering pensions require you to stay for 20+ years. That’d be hellish to me.
You would willingly give your money to something you considered a scam? That seems stupid. Working conditions do suck in China, but average quality of life there is much much better than it was when I was a kid.
I just told you, human ego satisfies the answer: if you’re a creative person and are looking to make your work stand out, you’re not heavily reusing 35 year old designs someone else created unless you’re being told to. In 35 years there will be millions of fans who think the Discovery aesthetic is superior and might look fondly on the production designers the same way fans do the Okudas or Zimmerman.
It’s a short. You can’t sell it on its own and you can’t add commercials. Of course they are going to reuse the cheapest assets, probably supervised by Discovery production crews rather than Picard. Shorts are still considered part of Discovery, Picard is a different series entirely for production, budget, and staffing purposes.
Canadian blood on Trump’s hands.
Where do you think pension funds are going? It’s not into a savings account earning 0.5%. 401ks invested in retirement year target funds will balance portfolios between stocks and bonds with much more emphasis on bonds as retirement dates approach. It’s not really “playing” the stock market.
That’s not how statistics work
That would demonstrate extraordinary privilege on their parts. Fake fair weather progressives.
Most, yes, but [26% of Bernie primary voters in 2016 refused to vote for Clinton.](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/bernie-sanders-was-helped-by-the-neverhillary-vote-what-does-that-mean-for-his-chances-now/) More than enough to [swing enough votes to deny Clinton the electoral college](https://www.npr.org/2017/08/24/545812242/1-in-10-sanders-primary-voters-ended-up-supporting-trump-survey-finds). Bern it Down/Bernie or Bust is real and has consequences.
Whose most commonly agreed upon number? I linked to a comprehensive survey. Show your work
There's literally no source in the image you linked. Anyone could have written that. Where did it come from? The number of Sanders' primary voters who voted for Trump is [12%](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/bernie-sanders-was-helped-by-the-neverhillary-vote-what-does-that-mean-for-his-chances-now/), not 8%. [In West Virginia](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/donald-trump-supporters-boost-bernie-sanders-west-virginia-n571791) 39 percent of Sanders voters said they would vote for Trump over Sanders in the fall. For Clinton, nine percent of her voters say they plan to come out for Trump in the general election. Regardless, [Bernie primary voters who switched to Trump were enough to through Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin to Trump.](https://www.npr.org/2017/08/24/545812242/1-in-10-sanders-primary-voters-ended-up-supporting-trump-survey-finds), and thus the election. Clinton to McCain voters posed no such threat.
Again, I’d like a source for your first claim. That’s the opposite of the results of the last poll I saw on the subject, though admittedly that was back in April: &gt;26% of current Bernie Sanders supporters said that they would rather vote for President Donald Trump over Senator Elizabeth Warren, if that were the eventual 2020 matchup. &gt; 100% of Buttigieg’s supporters said they would support Bernie against Trump (if that were the General Election matchup), only 79% of Bernie’s supporters said they would vote for Buttigieg over Trump in a General Election. [Source](https://www.forbes.com/sites/michaeldurkheimer/2019/04/17/5-weird-items-in-the-new-bernie-buttigieg-poll/#3584e6a7ddd1)
This guy looks like he was outside having a smoke (you can see it) and was probably browsing his phone. It take about 1.5 seconds to activate a camera.
OK, reasonable but I'm having trouble distinguishing that from the 2018 blue wave. As far as I've found, not a single OurRevolution or DSA candidate flipped a district from red to blue in this last wave election. So what changes? Is a blue wave only a revolution if it doesn't include moderate dems in red or purple districts? Have we seen any signs of a revolution in districts outside of D+29 districts like AOCs?
That seems like a measured and reasonable response. I have to ask though, do you think it's at all irresponsible for campaigns to use populist rhetoric like "revolution", which are almost always bloody and usually fail after great upheavals, to gin up voters? I'm left to wonder what will happen to millions of first time or disaffected voters who *believe* there will be a society altering revolution that will improve their lives if only they vote for X candidate, only to find out that institutions and our constitutional system make radical structural change extremely difficult. What's everyone going to do if Bernie's elected president but the Senate is held by the GOP? Expectations are HIGH. 620,000 Americans died the last time we had an attempted real revolution in this country.
Just because a tactic works in the short term doesn't mean we should encourage it, or be forgiving when it works. Populism is the tool Trump used as well, and he's only been able to deliver lasting change on the establishment GOP agenda. There's still no wall. Mexico is never paying for it. Trump's voters won't turn out for Marco Rubio and Mitt Romney. It's a populist cult of personality that won't outlive Trump himself. Populism is extremely dangerous for democracies. In the best case if you're not able to deliver on your high promises the new voters get turned off and don't show up next time. In the worst case the break out the pitchforks and guns. Personally, I think treating voters as adults and promoting incremental change that realistic within our government system is far more mature and effective in the long run. There's a reason there's a solid base of support for the Democratic party among black, LGBT and women voters, and that's delivering consistent results without turning off voters by over-promising and under-delivering.
The more we stoke those flames the more whirlwind we will reap. I'd rather have voters that will turn out consistently every year voting for incremental change than fair-weather voters who only turn up every 20 years when some bombastic personality promises enough loot. We won't win consistent voters by promising revolution unless we're actually prepared to face the reality of winning. Whipping people into a frenzy is just going to make them eventually turn on you, just as they'll do to Trump eventually.
So let's talk about Kentucky. They've pretty consistently elected Rand Paul and Mitch McConnell. What's the plan if you show up to rally and organize and everyone who considers themselves a Democrat is what you'd call a moderate? I'm trying to understand where the secret progressive enclaves are and what they've been waiting for to activate in the age of the internet. Is there really a silent majority of progressives in red states that decided not to even turn out in 2018 despite Trump? https://www.pewforum.org/religious-landscape-study/party-affiliation/democrat-lean-dem/state/kentucky/
And that just sounds like regular party organizing. We rely on unions for a lot of it. Is this in conjunction with those groups that are already affiliated with and bought in on the Democratic platform, or somehow supplanting them? I guess I’m wondering, what happens if the revolution arrives and finds a bunch of filthy moderates in purple and red states?
None of these guys has worked an office job
You can’t save humanity from climate change and fascism with The Secret. A single vote is worth more than a hundred hours in the street chanting with likeminded people. Voting with your dollar, where you spend your money, will affect more change than any protest I’ve attended. Please share with the rest of us what action you’ve takenand how many dependents you have while we’ve been busy condemning our families.
You’d rather see them replaced with...who?
Do you have any polling to back this up or is this just gut instinct?
Been to /Wayofthebern lately? Or /ChapoTrapHouse?
Show me proof.
Can you link me to two or three popular centrist threads in CTH that you believe illustrates your point? Titles is fine so I can search since I don’t think you can link here
Should Bernie drop out an endorse the front runner if he doesn’t win IA and NH?
Should Bernie have dropped out in March 2016 when he was mathematically eliminated from winning the Democratic nomination? Also, are you going to reply to the Chapo thread or no?
But you said Chapo isn’t a Bernie sub in 2020 either. In fact you said it’s a centrist sub. I’ve seen zero evidence of that. Do you’d tend by your assertions?
What if consumers are too ignorant to beware snake oil? They just die?
Why do you think CBS would endanger themselves by publishing a poll you believe can be so easily disproved? Don’t they have a lot to lose by publishing sloppy work? Why wouldn’t they want to be accurate? Surely they’re paying professional pollsters, how or why did they miss what you believe to be so obvious?
Seems like it would be a huge scandal, a pollster putting their thumb on the scales for or against a candidate. Have you considered the possibility that you’re wrong and that the methodology is sound?
I have no idea, I wouldn’t presume to know without studying a lot of data. It seems odd to me that a major oversight in methodology for a practice that’s been transparent and public would be cracked on Reddit and Twitter. Monmouth and CBS have huge risks to their reputation if fraud or malpractice could be proven. All things being equal, I’m more inclined to believe that an armchair analysis is flawed or based on false premises. You should alert FiveThirtyEight, they’d love the story.
My family members with pre-existing conditions have healthcare now when they didn't before because of Pelosi. I'm sorry, but "leading a movement" hasn't substantially changed lives in the same way. There's no reality in which Bernie has been a more effective strategist than Nancy Pelosi.
Obviously that’s not the case for Ken.
*piques
Don’t forget to include Flash Vol 2 #0, it’s one of my favorite issues and is packed with character development for Wally
Barry and Hal coming back was the beginning of the end of DCs golden era.
Are you comparing Bernie to MLK? Please list the accomplishments of MLK you think are comparable to Bernie's accomplishments.
It better not be Nina Turner https://twitter.com/ninaturner/status/1185492062822719488 https://twitter.com/ninaturner/status/1167477012774211584 https://twitter.com/TulsiGabbard/status/1183477474740625409
Why aren’t you timestamping in UTC?
Fun fact: Bernie Sanders did not vote for McGovern in 1968. In fact, Bernie didn’t vote at all in 1968. Civil rights and ending the war in Vietnam were apparently not motivating enough. They apparently didn’t earn his vote so he sat out. He never voted in until he ran for office himself. [Read it for yourselves, lower right corner](https://imgur.com/460q6bS)
A lot of unions fought very hard for healthcare benefits and traded other things to get them from management. If private insurance is abolished they stand to lose both bargaining power and actual benefits they traded for.
Would union members have the cost of the healthcare plans they bargained for automatically added back to their paychecks by the law? If not, how could it be construed as anything but a pay cut for those workers, especially if they had negotiated better benefits than what would be available under Medicare?
He certainly understands self-centered people
What if they’re paid staff?
They did? https://twitter.com/alxthomp/status/1216201562357424128?s=21
Just keep moving those goalposts. Sanders and the campaign didn’t deny it when contacted by the journalist, that tells you a lot.
No it’s still a story, I don’t think you get to determine that
She’s loyal. That’s the most important thing in personality cults.
Trump also ran in 2000
Thanks, I know all that, I loved through it. I just find OPs assertion laughable.
You missed a bullet point * Journalist reaches out to Sanders campaign for comment before publishing, Sanders campaign declines to challenge the authenticity of the memo
Democrats have a big tent. Republicans are ideologically monolithic. You're saying we'd be better off getting rid of the big tent and making the party smaller and more ideologically pure. I don't see how that helps us accomplish anything. If anything, it empowers the moderates even more, they'd become an essential part of any coalition, which means whichever purist party wants to govern would be forced to compromise in the end.
How can you know the truth from that statement? He denied it. It sounds like she told 2-4 people about it contemporaneously. Why would she lie over a year ago?
You're saying...what, that progressives should drop abortion and gun control as issues to get votes on economic policy?
This is a Trump tactic.
For those claiming there's no such thing as Bernie or Busters, here's exhibit A
So your desire for progress is fragile that a single negative story has driven you to support Trump winning if you don't get exactly what you want. What kind of a progressive are you?
There are four sources. They are anonymous to us readers, not to the journalist or their editors.
Don't you think CNN, or any responsible journalist, would check their sources before publishing something like that? If they did publish that article, and had four sources like this one does, I would very much want Warren to respond.
It's obvious Warren had contemporaneous conversations about the meeting with other people, some of whom are sources for this article. It's the same standard of evidence used against Kavanaugh.
Abortion was also largely illegal and gun control non-existent under FDR. He also incarcerated hundreds of thousands who committed no crimes, trampling their civil rights. Blacks couldn't vote in most areas of the south during FDRs time. Is this really the model you want to return to? He wasn't contending with the same issues we are.
Well, there were four contemporary sources. There's a clear reason for Sanders to lie now (it would hurt his campaign if true), but there's not a clear reason for Warren to lie to four people over a year ago. It would help Warren possibly if it's true, but if any of the sources have contemporaneous documentation, it begins to look very bad for Bernie...
If it's true, Warren won't want to lie. The could be contemporaneous documentation (texts, emails) that show she told confidants about this over a year ago.
I agree, she won't. And if it were false, it would be easy for her to deny it. But if it's true, she won't because she doesn't want to hurt the party's chances of defeating Trump. Also, there could be contemporaneous evidence, email or texts, that show she reported the contents of the meeting to these sources when it happened.
FDR didn't need to worry about serving the needs of his black, latino, asian, LGBTQ or female constituents. Modern democrats do. We can't use the same tactics as he did because back then the working class vote all looked white, straight, and Christian and no one had a problem voting for more benefits for people who looked like themselves.
He also voted for the same Crime Bill, because Joe Biden wrote the VAWA.
Yeah those non voters can keep themselves warm on the embers from the only party trying to help them.
Except blacks, latinos, asian and LGBTQ people already overwhelmingly support the Democrats, no matter their class. You're talking about working class whites, the only working class demographic Democrats don't have the support of. And they love god and guns.
There's nothing wrong with being elite.
Some things are obvious
So you have exit polling or some other scientific basis to show it was class issues and not, sexism for example? I have just as much evidence as you’ve presented so far.
The same can be said for the impeachment hearings. It’s also entirely possible they have contemporary documentation (emails, texts, memos, voicemail) that corroborates the story that they heard from Warren.
Yeah Biden or bust has never been a thing. Democrats will vote for the Democratic candidate.
Doing his job isn't a technicality.
And? People will consume as much horse race coverage as they care to. You’re in the wrong sub if you want to virtue signal about it.
And how are they supposed to defend against it? Can you just state your ultimate goal here? Fewer polls? Fewer articles? People choosing not to read the articles and trusting their gut instead? Raising awareness to what end?
What do you want the people who become aware to do. This isn’t that complex.
Uh huh. And if they don't understand polling and instead turn away from "horse race coverage" and are subsequently blindsided when their preferred candidate doesn't have the support they not only expect but BELIEVE is out there, will they become better more enthusiastic voters? What's the chance they turn away from what they perceive to be a rigged process because they didn't see obvious signs that their candidate was weaker than they thought?
How is this the media’s fault? If Sanders didn’t want Warren to tell anyone he shouldn’t have said it in the first place. If a journalist finds the story of course they’ll report on it. You’d rather they bury a the story to help one candidate over another?
So Sirota is lying?
[But two years ago he didn’t. It was a lie.](https://www.politico.com/story/2018/05/21/bernie-sanders-democrat-independent-vermont-601844)
Except he’s an independent. He turned down the Democratic nomination for his Senate seat.
Everyone else gets a say, too. And a vote.
Sounds like reports of the non-existence of Bernie or Busters we’re greatly exaggerated. I don’t care about threats, I don’t have time for privileged selfish people. We’ll replace you with new voters.
More threats. Very Trumpian.
Russia stole the election for the GOP
No one is going to beg for your vote
He made a promise, and he lied to get votes.
So he’s the Democratic Senator from Vermont?
He was also a Democratic nominee for Senate. And then he declined the ninja and ran as an independent. So not a Democrat. Surely Bernie fired someone for lying to voters in his behalf and making promises he didn’t intend to keep. What’s Jeff Weaver up to nowadays?
More people work at Arby’s than in the coal industry
None of those people have jobs or apartments. They live in high tech mansions and skyscrapers. Hell, the mutants have their own islands.
He did that thing once 50 years ago. Marched but never voted.
Because he loved Joe Biden’s VAWA bill so much?
If it would’ve passed easily why didn’t Bernie move to amend the Crime Bill to decouple VAWA and have a separate vote on it? It was within his power to do so.
Rally’s really don’t matter. Voting matters. Polls matter more than rally’s even.
Yet he still couldn't be bothered to vote during the civil rights era and Vietnam war. I'm sure those protests helped, but not as much as electing anti-war and pro-civil rights politicians. But Bernie never voted until he ran for office himself. Read it for yourself, lower right corner: https://imgur.com/460q6bS
It really looks like they were planning to murder a US diplomat
Mafia LARPers
Firing doesn’t silence someone you want silenced
[Republican Bernie voters don’t stick around.](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/donald-trump-supporters-boost-bernie-sanders-west-virginia-n571791)
Speed force
Didn’t Killer Mike threaten to disown his children and make them homeless if they supported gun control after Parkland?
[They lied about the memo](https://www.politico.com/news/2020/01/14/sanders-admits-anti-warren-script-early-states-098786) being distributed to his campaign after denying it vehemently. Campaigns lie, including Bernie’s. He could be lying here for the same reason.
That exchange always bugged me (heh), Marty would definitely know what each of those agencies did. Of course, it was for the audiences benefit.
"but..."
But Sanders should keep his Jill Stein staff, right?
What about when advised people to vote Jill Stein instead of Clinton in 2016? Good judgement? Good judgement to hire them? Good judgement to throw stones?
American GIs weren’t really concerned with that
Do you think you have an obligation to call them out or challenge their behavior? Or do you just let it ride?
Nah statements of fact are allowed on this sub
Lends credence to her accusation. Her story is the same in private conversation and in public. She believes he said it and is mad he’s denying it. Everyone has experienced this. He’s gaslighting her.
She tried to de-escalate in the debate, but he doubled down. Populists seem to like doubling down. Their fans seem to love it too.
He didn’t just deny it, he called her ludicrous.
He didn’t just deny it, he called her ludicrous. He’s gaslighting her.
That’s not true, he said anyone who believed he said it is ludicrous. That includes Warren. She believes he said that. &gt;”It is ludicrous to believe that at the same meeting where Elizabeth Warren told me she was going to run for president, I would tell her that a woman couldn't win," Sanders told CNN. [source](https://www.commondreams.org/news/2020/01/13/ludicrous-sanders-refutes-claims-made-anonymously-sourced-hit-piece-cnn-about-warren)
It’s exactly what he said &gt; “**It is ludicrous to believe that at the same meeting where Elizabeth Warren told me she was going to run for president, I would tell her that a woman couldn’t win**,” Sanders told CNN. https://www.commondreams.org/news/2020/01/13/ludicrous-sanders-refutes-claims-made-anonymously-sourced-hit-piece-cnn-about-warren
“It’s ludicrous to believe” isn’t talking about an idea. Ideas can’t believe anything. People do.
That’s not true, he said anyone who believed he said it is ludicrous. That includes Warren. She believes he said that. He’s calling her crazy and denying he said what she believes he said. &gt;”**It is ludicrous to believe** that at the same meeting where Elizabeth Warren told me she was going to run for president, I would tell her that a woman couldn't win," Sanders told CNN. [source](https://www.commondreams.org/news/2020/01/13/ludicrous-sanders-refutes-claims-made-anonymously-sourced-hit-piece-cnn-about-warren)
https://twitter.com/kristenorthman/status/1216879913078329344?s=21
You’re missing my quintessential Superman: triangle-number era Byrne/Carlin/Jurgens/Simonson era 90s Superman. Dan Jurgens is my Curt Swan.
Bernie or Bust is not a myth.
Why’d you cut the date off that tweet? Why are you ignoring the Sanders supporters in this very thread who say they’ll refuse two vote if Warren or Biden are the nominees?
If Sanders is the Democratic nominee I would crawl over broken glass to vote for him over Trump. I’d do the same for any Democratic nominee. I hope you can say the same.
“Throw it on the pile” is [FUD](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fear,_uncertainty,_and_doubt) There’s now an explicit crime alleged, just in time for the Senate trial. This is a big deal.
If you took that money and divided it up into 50,000 parcels it could help about 1740 people. That’s a lot, and admirable, but using it to help get Democrats elected it going to help tens or hundreds of millions, not to mention the international billions who will be safer without Trump or a GOP Senate. It’s about economy of scale.
It’s obvious you’re not making decisions based on policy goals, but rather a cult of personality. It’s sad and makes me sad for the future.
They were looking for a fight. A lot of these guys imagine themselves to be future founding fathers in a white nationalist utopia.
The Republicans don’t control the House. If they had full control over this investigation, why would they allow Purnas to be arrested in the first place? Why is the FBI raiding co-conspirators houses? Again, FUD.
Odo and Kira. Miles and Julian. Quark and Jadzia.
Because they’re scrambling. Nothing about Tom Kong’s firing off Batman was reported correctly outside of Bleeding Cool. If it had really been part of the plan all along they’d be much further along. But don’t expect King or DC to be volunteering any dirty laundry.
Visual continuity!!11!
You’ll spend more on individual issues than you will on most collected editions ( usually 6 issues or more), usually called Trades. But they come out usually months after the individual issues. Softcovers are cheaper than hardcovers and are called Trade Paperbacks, or TPB for short. 1st and 2nd printings don’t matter for anyone but hardcore collectors.
And a gigantic brick of cocaine.
Don’t you see we have to cater to the invisible millions who can’t be assed to do the right thing and show up unless they get everything they want exactly as they want it.
Only the very privileged will deign to save the country if the candidate excites them enough.
I’ve seen no proof of this. He’s leading by double digits in national polls. He has massive support in the black community, and will bring in a lot of new voters there especially with the support of the Obamas.
Oh? Which southern states do you think Bernie’s going to win? Want to place any bets?
[FUD is a cult tactic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fear,_uncertainty,_and_doubt?wprov=sfti1)
Trump wasn’t president and Russia was hacking our elections. It’s not a straight comparison. The turnout among white fair-weather “progressives” who [voted for Jill Stein could have also defeated Trump in the swing states if they had cared to.](https://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/308353-trump-won-by-smaller-margin-than-stein-votes-in-all-three) Regardless, the white Sanders supporters [in places like West Virginia](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/donald-trump-supporters-boost-bernie-sanders-west-virginia-n571791) aren’t going to turn out in the general either.
I’m glad it’s funny for you
I had two sources. What are you talking about?
I never said no new voters. We can get those too.
If they have an opportunity to vote against Trump in the general election and choose instead to throw a temper tantrum because the nominee isn’t Bernie? Yeah, they’re privileged. Half a loaf of bread is better than no loaf at all. What, are they holding out for a better deal after losing the primary?
Why are caucus-goers feelings and convictions less valid than what you think they should be? Everyone votes for their own reasons.
And? She’s still a Dem candidate. The NYT didn’t pick her. It has nothing to do with “identity”. That sounds like the argument of a Trump supporter.
Yes. But the GOP is acting as if they know there will never be fair elections again.
If that’s the case, why didn’t Bernie vote during the civil rights era? He didn’t vote until he was in his 30s.
You do know people sort by controversial, right? There could be 500 upvotes and 501 downvotes and it would read 0.
Fighting for the right to do what? To vote! Who was he expecting to sign civil rights legislation or to end the war in Vietnam? Barry Goldwater? He couldn’t be bothered to vote for McCarthy? What good are rights if you won’t exercise them to effect change?
[Not as corrupt as paying your own son six figures with donations from your supporters](https://apnews.com/9e4794da89ab448399f3ff1457464d1b)
[Believe it or not, it’s what he said in the 80s.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EOwbPW0UcAAqW0H?format=png&amp;name=900x900)
Ooo while you’re there can you find the part on how he’s going to pass Medicare For All in his first year.
They completely cut off his answer. Didn’t you guys just get in trouble for spreading doctored videos?
I have a hard time believing anyone can really think this way.
And now you’re stuck compromising with a much larger moderate party, more conservative than the Democrats you could have compromised with in a big tent majority.
Has it occurred to you Democrat’s don’t want to merge with the Republicans? I hope you like coalition style government. Think your policy initiatives will turn out better than if you’d stuck with Democrats? Sounds like you do. I look forward to putting it to the test if it comes to it, I suspect I’ll be far happier with the outcome than you guys will.
Yeah that’s not going to happen. 50 million boomers retiring in the next 10 years will ensure that.
Where are independents in this calculation of yours? They outnumber Democrats and Republicans. What makes you so sure moves to the center aren’t meant to appease independents and not Republicans?
If you picked the top 50 Sanders supporters on Twitter how many snake emojis would you find in the last weeks worth of posts?
And do we think these purple and red states are going to elect moderates or radicals to replace their GOP senators? Historical evidence points one way, but there’s a whole new group of fanatics who think reality is going to change drastically and go their way...
If it’s truly a small company, unless it’s a very niche product or industry, you’re going to want to look for off the shelf products to help get a small business off the ground. It would be bad business practice to pay you to write or create a custom solution: if you get a new job or get hit by a bus, they have no one left to maintain your custom solution. You might be interested in general IT business consulting, look for jobs at MSPs to get an idea of where to start.
Which do you think is more likely: that degrees and experience are valuable and necessary for getting people to trust you with not only your fee for services but also the future of their businesses... ...or that you’ve somehow cracked the secret to successful business consulting that no one else has figured out before?
Not everywhere in America is D+29 like the South Bronx. Good luck negotiating and compromising with a future moderate coalition government rather than your fellow Democrats in a supermajority. That’s a real galaxy brain plan, unless your goal is to never actually hold power and be accountable for your promises...
Eliminating private insurance? Edit: [source](https://thehill.com/hilltv/what-americas-thinking/428958-poll-voters-want-the-government-to-provide-healthcare-for)
Poli Sci, short for political science. Poly means “many”. And he’s kicking ass.
What punishment do they face for defying “how it’s supposed to work”? Re-election by a grateful constituency? They dint care about the history books, half of them are dominionists and Pentecostals who think the apocalypse is happening in their lifetimes. There’s nothing to shame or threaten them with.
Does Sanders support keeping private insurance available alongside a public option?
Guess her other new show is already canceled
What's "right" in this case? What is she protecting? They aren't stealing from her, they are stealing from the store. The insured store. If she gets stabbed or shot playing hero to stop those guys from stealing $5 worth of merchandise do you think KMart is going to take care of her family? She's escalating the situation, putting herself and other customers in danger. If theft is such a problem the store should hire security, not expect cashiers to physically confront shoplifters.
At least the liberal shithole probably knows it's spelled "misdemeanor". Education, just one of the reasons why its best not to live in a red state.
Is "right" going to comfort her kids when they end up in foster care because mom got killed playing hero to protect someone else's merchandise?
It depends on the circumstances. It’s not morally right to put your life on the line for merchandise in my opinion. There’s no personal risk to her unless she inserts herself into the situation, and the only victim is an insure corporation. So no, I don’t think it’s morally justified in *this* case. Maybe she was just looking for an opportunity to fight? She looks like an amateur mma fighter.
I can tell you exactly how I’d react in that situation, because I’ve been in it: 1) I’d file a police report 2) I’d file a report for my company, asking for a trained security guard to be posted at the entrance 3) I’d go back to work and let the professionals deal with the criminals 4) If the company refused to increase security, I’d find a new job as quickly as possible and document everything You know what I wouldn’t do? Risk bodily harm to stop someone from stealing food that doesn’t belong to me or even any nearby people, and the company it does belong to has very good insurance. I’d feel much worse if a bystander and customer got shot because I scared a criminal taking some beer and candy.
Of course I wouldn’t physically interfere. That would give them a reason to fight or attack. If they’ve got a gun, what’s the worse case in both scenarios? If I yell “no shoplifting” and they leave, the store loses a few bucks in merchandise. I go about my day and go home to my kids at night. What’s the worst case if they have a gun and I try to stop them physically? They pull their gun and maybe shoot me, maybe shoot a customer. They still get away with a few bucks of merchandise. Maybe someone doesn’t go home to their kids that night. Maybe. But I **promise** the store **will** be open the next day if that happens.
Let’s look at [the data:](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/top-10-worst-states-education-180112118.html) &gt;The states were ranked based on recently available federal data from the U.S. Census Bureau, the National Assessment of Education Progress, the U.S. Department of Education, and other sources. The states were scored and graded on 13 separate socioeconomic indicators, including early foundations (family income, parent education, parental employment, and linguistic integration), school years (preschool enrollment, kindergarten enrollment, elementary reading achievement, middle school mathematics achievement, high school graduation rate, and young-adult education), and adult outcomes (adult educational attainment, annual income, and steady employment). &gt;Here, the 10 worst states for education, according to the latest data: &gt;1. Texas &gt;2. Arizona &gt;3. Arkansas &gt;4. Alabama &gt;5. Mississippi &gt;6. Oklahoma &gt;7. West Virginia &gt;8. Louisiana &gt;9. Nevada &gt;10. New Mexico
What are you talking about? The bottom nine are all red states. They are objectively worse. Also, Iowa is not a red state. 3/4 of its House delegation is Dem.
[Yeah, I’m sure.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_congressional_delegations_from_Iowa) &gt; The [House] delegation has a total of 4 members, including **1 Republican and 3 Democrats.**
Pencils were shown a few weeks back on twitter
Go back and read my comment about Iowa being a purple state carefully. You’ll see that you’re the one who needs to work on their reading comprehension.
Wait you were allowed to watch TNG but not DS9?
Loved the episode. Felt authentic to what came before. Brent Spiner was excellent and I didn't have any problems with Data's look, they fixed what we saw in the trailers. I guessed last year that Dahj would be Lal, and it doesn't seem like that's quite true but close. Maddox the mad scientist off on Omicron Theta making sisters for Lal seems to be the direction they are going. Sad that Picard seems to have forgotten Data already had a daughter though... Also was this the first time it's been established that Hobus was Romulus' star? My biggest gripe might be that Starfleet Headquarters has kind of gone to shit since Boothby died. That rooftop they fought on was positively grimy.
America isn’t Hong Kong or even Europe. People can’t be protesting in the capital and then back in their homes that night. Most people can’t take time off work, or take their kids out of school, to go protest. They certainly can’t afford multiple overnight stays in DC or plane tickets. Protesting in their home cities and states may have some effect, but any sizable group is likely to be in already blue states or districts. The best thing anyone can do is resolve to vote for the Democratic presidential nominee and Democrats down ballot who swear to go after corruption and reversing the Trump agenda.
What’s shocking about it being gilded?
The reporter said “the Romulan sun” or “Romulus’s Star” but I watched it at midnight and could be mistaken
Lots of people sort by controversial when browsing this sub. A lot of people also have heaps of gold to give, I got four years worth from when AlienBlue got bought by Reddit. I can hold three or four posts a month at no cost to me.
I’d be fine with loan forgiveness if we also figured out a way to pay back the people who repaid their loans, or paid for school out of pocket. Otherwise, people who got a “free” education will be at an inherent *advantage* because they took opportunities that weren’t available to others who didn’t borrow. If someone knew they needed to pay back debt and took a job they didn’t necessarily like that paid more, they’re at a disadvantage to those who may have deferred their loans until they were forgiven. How would you feel if you missed out on meeting the love of your life because you had to work a second job to pay back your loans, only to see loans forgiven soon after? It’s incredibly demoralizing.
Yeah, I fully expect we’ll hear more about Lal or even Lore by the end of this season. If I’m being honest, I think I noticed some odd reactions from Allison Pill’s character and I’m beginning to wonder if that’s not B-4 she’s got in that drawer...
There are no closeups of any senators during the trial
Anyone know how to do this if you signed up through AppleTV/iTunes?
Then why are all polls that are good for Bernie immediately upvoted to the front page?
Didn’t he just accept an endorsement from Joe Rogan?
According to Rogan, a known transphobe and Nazi sympathizer. I don’t trust him.
[He’s obviously proud of it, he posted about it on Twitter today and cut together a special video.](https://twitter.com/berniesanders/status/1220445820505546755?s=21)
[You really believe that?](https://syndication.bleacherreport.com/amp/1573044-ufc-joe-rogan-to-transgender-mma-fighter-fallon-fox-youre-a-man.amp.html) [That he should be proud?](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IdjdNgvF42o) [Of this guy?](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/comments/7q8np8/joe_rogan_called_the_transgender_movement/)
[Joe Rogan is a racist and Bernie is proud of his endorsement. This isn’t a “worst moment”, it’s a pattern of bigoted behavior.](https://metro.co.uk/2019/02/16/ebro-calls-joe-rogan-old-video-resurfaces-racist-joke-made-8644887/)
Rogan [hangs out with](https://www.forbes.com/sites/danidiplacido/2019/02/28/alex-jones-and-joe-rogan-made-peace-with-a-bizarre-podcast/) and [gives platforms](https://abcnews.go.com/amp/US/proud-boys-founder-denies-inciting-violence-responds-feels/story?id=59758209) to [kooks ](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=vIeFt88Hm8s) and [fascists.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IdjdNgvF42o) Mark my words, Bernie just pulled another Cenk and will be forced to reject the endorsement before Monday. Bernie’s judgement is terrible.
[Don’t be naive.](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/12/31/us/west-virginia-nazi-salute.html)
They aren’t false, there are video clips with plenty of context that show what a creep Cenk is. Just because an account is anonymous doesn’t mean the information is false. That’s Trump logic.
I watched them all. Tell me about the context for his comments about the Harvard soccer team.
Yes, that is one example of Cenk’s misogynistic behavior.
Wait, I thought reaching across the aisle to Republicans was super bad when Biden wanted to do it?
Should every Republican court Rush Limbaugh and Gavin McInnes? They’ve got big audiences that will help them win. Will we be better off?
He didn’t see any problem with that, he thought it was a fine thing to do
And ten minutes ago you were convinced that all 30-odd clips that surfaced were out of context. I’d encourage you to revisit the others.
Right. So let’s not forgive loans for everyone but instead let’s make it free for everyone going forward. That keeps the playing field equal for those who have already invested their time and money into the current system.
If it were two or three things, sure. These are dozens of comments over the course of years.
Except now you’re making common cause with transphobic [racists](https://www.mediaite.com/politics/joe-rogans-bernie-endorsement-draws-outrage-as-clip-surfaces-comparing-black-neighborhood-to-planet-of-the-apes/) who gives platforms and hours of access to degenerates like Alex Jones, Ben Shapiro, Gavin McInnes and Jordan Peterson. The Horseshoe is real.
He’s not ashamed, he’s a multi millionaire because he says shit like this to the dumbest audiences
Endorsing Sanders. Get the net.
Why would anyone tolerate giving two hours to Gavin McInnes or Ben Shaprio?
And? I'm not following your logic. Yes, Bernie said an insensitive thing in 1976 too (not 1977), just like Biden. That's bad, but people change. But SINCE then he's continued saying insensitive, racist things, as recently as 2018, and in 2020 he's embraced Joe Rogan, who gives ample airtime to fascists and racists.
Hard to call it canon; Data was alive and Worf was killed in those comics.
So why are Bernie supporters posting so many articles about Biden in the 70s in response to Rogan’s endorsement?
If you guys whine about this little bit of scrutiny you’ll never survive the General election
Biden didn’t just vote for the VAWA, he wrote the damn bill.
I want a book with Wally, Linda and the kids, Ted, Booster and his sister, and the Time Masters. Written by Geoff Johns, drawn by Dan Jurgens.
What’s the Warren equivalent of /WayoftheBern or /ChapoTrapHouse? Only two candidates for president have online communities like that, the other one is Trump
I think I’ll keep it up for the same length of time people complained about Correct the Record
No, you're laying out demands after hostage-taking. "Nominate Bernie or the country gets it, see?" Extreme privilege is required to sit back and throw a tantrum instead of voting to defeat Trump.
Maybe. If true, it's only because of the extreme privilege and threats made by his supporters. We already have that with Trump. We can do better than Bernie's supporters. We'll just replace you with new voters, people of color and other marginalized people who won't sit out if they don't get everything they want.
Nah. For every Bernie supporter who says they're going to stay home crying and let Trump win, I'm going to register 3 new voters who say they'll vote for the Democratic nominee. I'll start at the retirement homes and work down.
To what? You'll only motivate people to vote for a single individual. That's a cult of personality, not a political movement. Like I said, for every 1 of yours I will register 3 to replace you. So knock yourself out.
You're not talking about blue-collar democrats staying home, you're talking about NEETs having a temper tantrum. Like I said, I will personally register 3 Democratic voters for every 1 having a Bernie tantrum.
You’re....very hung up about this. I’m sorry JKR hurt you so badly. You might save yourself some trouble just accepting that some people are Doylists and some people are Watsonian. Neither is more valid than the other. Different strokes for different folks, y’know?
You’re absolutely right and people who can’t handle it will give you a hard time about it. Romney is far from what I consider a good leader or even person, but if he’s making a genuine effort we need to give him space and assume some good faith. He’s opportunistic and not the bravest, but he’s not stupid and he sees his moment in history (which he strongly craves, daddy issues) is fast approaching. I can live with myself if taking down Trump comes at the cost of Mitt Romney coming out of this smelling like roses. I’ll give him credit for correctly identifying Russia as America’s #1 geopolitical enemy in 2012, too.
The thing that scares me is they behave not only like there are no consequences today but that there will be no consequences ever. They may think they know something we don’t about the future.
What? Democrats just had a wave election in 2018, with literally no thanks to Justice Dems or OurRevolution candidates who didn’t flip a single state or even a house district from red to blue. Democrats will be just fine.
The Good Fight is excellent.
A disproportionate amount of suicide bombers and terrorists are engineers and doctors.
This is probably the best brief list. But you have to add Nemesis due to its impact on *Picard.*
We know that Romulans only left Vulcan about 2000 years before ENT, and that was after a horrific nuclear war. How many Romulans could there have been? A few million? It may explain how few Romulans are around to create such a big blow to the RSE by losing just two planets.
I used to have this as my phone wallpaper, think I’ll use it again
Wow, Jack became a pirate after all
I mean, Star Wars was released in 1977 and drew heavily from WWII. MASH was a commentary on the Vietnam war using a different 25 year old war, Korea, as a setting. American timescales can’t really be compared with those of other nations, our history is much more immediate and many of our defining moments are still within living memory.
It should be easy to point to centrist weakness and left-wing strength with the results of the 2018 election, right? Can you point us to the election results that indicate Sanders would be an easy win outside of deep blue areas?
So you’ve got examples of non-centrists winning red districts in presidential election years? Because I can point to centrist Democrats winning those in any year
Remember, McGovern was too centrist for Bernie in the 60s.
Think about how hard you had to look for something to be outraged about, and how compelled you felt to share what a YouTube commenter of all things said to hurt your feelings
Yes, Discovery season 2 was a little guilty of this as well. It was distracting especially at the end with the Commodore and the Lt.
Depends on which 14. If it was Vulcan, the Tellarites and the Andorians it would be a big deal...
Watch this weeks episode. There’s a whole scene dedicated to how wrong you were.
Do you have any sources whatsoever for your first assertion? I can very clearly see a difference between 1080P and 4K HDR on my 60” screen from a 10-12ft viewing distance. Maybe you need to get your own eyes checked?
Good faith negotiations will be done in secret. It’s to prevent a bidding war with someone like Apple or Netflix.
Why does he have to be POTUS to be "organizer in chief"? Shouldn't we have been deploying that strategy for years? Decades? Why does he have to be president for "Us" to apply the pressure he believes he can bring to bear against the GOP?
Rogan [regularly intentionally misgenders](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FtgKRpjVXSg) trans women. He also gives platforms to known fascists like Gavin McInnes and Ben Shapiro.
Maybe I can go look up the answer at the MLK Presidential Library?
Yes, and? There can be Jewish fascists and Jewish enablers of Nazis.
I don't really see any difference.
Hopefully it drives them away from the fandom.
Dude, you can start by not calling people “colored”. This isn’t the 1950s. Doing your job and getting paid isn’t helping to end police brutality. Do more.
Your vehicle is taking damage from that direction
Keeping Damian around was one of the major flaws of N52 (even though I really like the character). The timeline was always impossible. They should’ve rebooted and had Dick or Jason still being Robin. As it is, it can’t really make sense without Rebirth and the missing ten years. To me, Bruce is pushing 40. I think Damian was conceived during Son of the Demon as Morrison states, but that easily fits with a 25-30 year old Batman who had been active for a few years. It’s a great explanation. It just can’t work with N52.
Yeah, after Ep 3 especially I agree, they're lampshading it with the radio and fridge in the kitchen.
Kingdom Come
These protests are about racism and police murder, not class reductionism. Rich people are racist too, and rich black people are victims of racism too. Not every problem is fixed with student loan forgiveness and M4A.
&gt; A fantastic slogan for rallying Republicans and justifying all of their memes about how stupid progressives are. God forbid we ever learn how to communicate in politics. We probably ought to do a better job of preventing things from getting so bad that people feel the need to revert to simple slogans that are open to wide interpretation. Don't really see how it's their fault TBH, what sort of support were they getting before last month?
Death in the Family ended looking very bad for the Joker in that story. Shot in the chest aboard a crashing helicopter. Who’s to say the Killing Joke Joker didn’t replace him?
Read the Waid Run, it laid the foundation for all subsequent runs and is fantastic. Rumor has it Waid is coming back to write Wally soon.
That scene was the teaser, everyone thought it was fake at the time.
Evil Bill and Ted were really evil though. And homophobic!
Nobel Prize!
I prefer his earlier career as Ric Olie, before the spice took hold.
wow what a Karen
How could a physical bridge set be “even worse” than a blue screen? You seem difficult to please.
He was on screen as captain for 30 seconds. Even TNG regularly used redressed sets.
This book is never coming out
This is pure Kafka!
He is FANTASTIC in “The Good Fight” on CBS All Access
I just removed my seismic charges in favor of more subsurface missiles (I. Run through ammo only landing 1/3 shots)
Dorner is no hero. He started his rampage by murdering two innocent kids.
You joke, but if Disney doesn’t get Deadpool 3 off the ground I could see Reynolds making a triumphant return to the role.
Mesopotamian Karen
It makes about as much sense as the Praxis explosion rippling through the entire quadrant.
How much effort does it take to tear down a statue? An hour or so? What are they going to do against international slavery in an hour with that same energy? These people have no money and it’s not safe to travel. If their goal is to remove monuments to slave owners it seems the hour is more effectively used as they’ve been proceeding, no?
Be a beacon. The soundtrack for this movie is excellent study music. Phil Alden Robinson, the writer and director, is also the creator of *The Good Fight* (CBS All Access) which is one of the best shows on TV right now.
[“...and women.”](https://youtu.be/aI_KOKz0CnY) From the same year, so they always go together in my mind.
Tiptoes?
&gt; In the video, which was filmed in 2016, Bertke addresses why he chose the username “Fagottron” for his YouTube channel. “I’ve always had a very thorough dislike of homosexuals,” he says. “I’ve never liked a grown man acting like a 12-year-old girl. I’ve always found that to be quite disgusting.” The video has since been taken down, though mirrors of it remain on YouTube. He adds that his “subtle” username is a way for him to “express to the world that I view gays as an abomination.” ... &gt; After mentioning that he has “a fairly robust resentment of the gay community,” he goes on to discuss the Pulse massacre, where 49 patrons of a gay nightclub were killed by a man who claimed allegiance to ISIS, in both laudatory and Islamophobic terms. “It’s just fantastic,” he says, fist-pumping. “It amazes me to see the West actually welcoming in a culture through the floodgates that wants gays dead. I think that’s fantastic.” I don’t think there’s any amount of “trolling” logic that can forgive those kind of statements from a grown adult. You may want to forgive and forget, but I think anyone sharing his YouTube content should know who they’re providing a platform and revenue to so they can make an informed decision. Personally, I find his views monsterous and question the judgement and morals of anyone who would dismiss or make excuses his behavior.
I hope not. At least they have time to re-cast the role. Can't imagine what the suits are doing re: Ansel Elgort and "West Side Story" right about now.
Is Flash really that complex? Especially Barry? He’s mostly defined by his rogue’s gallery. Barry is a milquetoast white labrat cop from the Midwest who runs very fast. Most common crime doesn’t stand a chance against someone who can move at nearly light speed. And he can’t fight Grodd for two hours, that’s not very visually compelling. Flash’s power opens up all kinds of timey wimey shenanigans that you don’t need to spend time making Central City interesting. We’ve seen the CW show, it’s not.
Everything cool about Barry was Wally’s first
As it that wasn’t the norm for all of human history? Worship the wrong sky god or none at all and you’ll be run out of town. They used to burn “witches” at the stake in America. Powerful people just don’t like it now because it’s happening to them for once.
G’Nort on your life
Lea Thompson though...
Might be the only big budget show for the next few years that will be able to shoot in the “old” style, pre-covid, due to NZ having zero cases.
These guys are all theater nerds at the end of the day. Vin Diesel runs a D&amp;D guild. Joe Manganiello does too and talks shit about Vin’s DM skills.
*per se*
Are you saying they deserved to be shot?
It’s the movie that most felt like a classic TOS episode to me, down to the villains and the focus on the main three characters while giving most everyone else a few little bits to do. The score is great. I rank it above the JJ movies but below Beyond.
Troi definitely has a staff. She can’t possibly attend to 1000+ people in addition to her bridge duties.
But there's not a lawyer on the bridge. There's also no implication that legal services are available to every member of a military base and there's only one Major lawyer serving thousands of troops. IF there are other counselors on the ship, and we know there's at least one, then it stands to reason that Troi is the senior and ranking member and commands that staff. We've seen zero evidence to suggest otherwise and it would put her in a complete disadvantage compared to other senior staff.
If you’re going to skip anything skip the first two seasons (except the Pilot, “Duet” and “The Jem Hadar”). Season 3 is pretty important though.
Our virus.
It’s pretty rich coming from a bunch of unironic Tankies whose idols have killed far more than Biden ever did.
I don’t think anyone’s buying that line now that there’s a bodycount.
Project Genesis. Possibly the explosion of Praxis, but definitely the Gorkon Conspiracy in TUC.
