I own it on PC, PS4, and Switch, and I would happily buy the physical copy for all 3 again.
I'm so glad that Jesus put me in a spot that allows me to see clearly that Odin is the one true God. Blessed! 😇
Physical copies for collection purposes. Also, since ConcernedApe won't add DLC, I have to support him by mass buying his games. I own 6 copies of Skyrim, though only 4 I bought, 2 were gifts from a friend. I enjoy collecting things, and I prefer the physical copies of games anyway.
Am I the only one who didn't like the past games (from what I played) "main" story? It was always about making my own story, carving my own path. Skyrim's main story is laughable, and really only gives you more of an understanding of the world you are in, than an actual thrilling story. Sure, some of the missions in the main story are fun, like sneaking into a party, or the entire end of the story. But most of the story in between is skippable. I found the Dark Brotherhood quest to be more of a main story than the actual main story. Fallout 3 was literally "Where is my Dad", and just had you running all over following clues (I'll be honest, I didn't like this game much so I didn't get far into it, so if the story was more fleshed out please correct me). New Vegas had an interesting story, but it was still skippable. You could do all the side quests, and forget the main quests, and still feel fulfilled. Fallout 4 was just Fallout 3 with more color (I liked this one more than 3, but I never finished the story, so correct me if I am wrong, I just found the story boring). I have never really played a Bethesda game for the "story", but more for the "lore" and "adventure". My favorite game of all time is Skyrim, and my favorite thing to do was go from one cave to the next, discovering the content within, or around. That is literally all 76 is, so I see no problem with it, aside from the copy-paste enemies (Scorch are boring). Complain about the bugs, but the lack of "Human NPCs" and "Story" are not valid criticisms if you enjoyed any past Bethesda game.
Walk away. We aren't suppose to let walk-ins walk away, unless they want something insane. But I'm not really paid commission, nor am I paid enough to grovel for a guest to stay with us.
Technically, it doesn't say you have to be good at it, nor make them cum. Rest all 61 dicks in your mouth for five seconds, and call it good.
Yeah. Life is short, and half of it is spent sleeping. I beat the other sperm for this, I want to experience the entire thing.
Answer questions on r/AskReddit
Yeah, as a now Agnostic, I regret a lot of my choices in highschool, a lot of missed opportunities.
Can we start a conversation now? Because I want to put my two cents in, and say that I feel any sexual urge/desire is only bad/condemnable when acted upon. You cannot control your thoughts (well, you can, but not everyone has such a strong will), nor should your thoughts be something to be judges, because we all think some pretty fucked up stuff. What you do in privacy is fine, as long as it doesn't hurt anyone. If you are a pedo, look up Loli hentai. It's drawn graphics, so no-one was harmed, or extorted in the making of it. Same thing with people who are into bestiality, look up furry shit. I preface private, but I am sure there are small groups that you could get involved in. But once you make it public, you are open to judgement. Also, wow, you're right, that is a topic that works.
I knew a guy who would text me, while reading manga, and driving. I had assumed it was in traffic, but one day I said: "Man, traffic is that bad there?" and he said: "No, just good at multitasking." He is still alive, so he is pretty good at multitasking, I guess.
Do you need a hug?
My current job - Front Desk at a hotel. Dream Job - YouTube, or anything really to do with my voice (Radio, voice actor, etc.) I just enjoy using my voice to entertain people.
&gt; The name Caitlyn is already taken &gt;The Name Kaitlyn is already taken &gt;Are you sure you would like to name your child XxK8leanxX?
It, in fact, does not make it "Unique", it makes it "Yooneek".
Fortnite is a good game. I hate it, and I find it boring, but the devs behind the game are pretty cool with how they interact with their community. They embraced the memes, and became a meme. TikTok isn't that bad. Sure, it's cringey, but the whole bully phase kind of made the cringe dial back a bit, and now that the bully shit is getting old, but they still have followers, they just turned into shitpost accounts. It's becoming Vine 2.0 As for eating Tyed Pods, yeah, wtf people could (and probably have) die from that.
Wait, you mean everyone doesn't stop mid cry during a mental break down and shout "WHOOOOOOO"???
It was the worst out there when it released. If it released today, I probably would just dismiss it as a generic, bad pop song.
I don't know if anyone reading this remembers this song, but I sure do. [Super Psycho Love](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHc_j2roK1s) - Simon Curtis. It was very popular with the nightcore/vocaloid fans, as well as just weird anime kids (me) back when I was like 13 or 14. The song isn't really bad, nor are the lyrics all that cringey, but to me, it is the most cringey song, because it reminds me of when I was 13-14 listening to this song while sitting in online chatrooms, talking with other edgy kids about shit like Nyan Cat and Narwhals, and saying shit like "Rawr XD" to girls. **Unironically**. So it's more of the memories that the song brings, than the song itself.
"You're not there, To celebrate the man that you made. You're not there, To share in my success and mistakes. Is it fair, You'll never know the person I'll be." My mother is battling cancer, she is doing well, but every time I hear this song it causes me to cry, thinking about how my mother will one day die, and it is completely possible for it to happen before I hit my peak, and she will never get to see the boy she raised grow into a successful man, or an unsuccessful one, either way.
Smash Bros Ultimate drops Friday.
I completely forgot how good black and orange looked.
I think it could just select 3 players, and not show you who they are, but show you the rest of their profile. Then on Christmas, it'll tell you if they received the gift, and reveal who they are.
Before 2020, that's for sure.
You need to give more details. You cannot enter random missions/battles with other players. You can enter the missions you select with random people, if your party is set to public.
I feel like it'd just be better to offer ways (easier than caps) to get your pokemons EVs and IVs maxed once you get them to 100, that way you aren't just handed Competitive, but don't have to worry about struggling to get into it.
Oh, I misunderstood.
Nah man, you're crying, I'm not crying.
Rain in BotW is the best, and most aggravating feature in the game.
It says on Netflix that it is a Netflix Original.
Is it just me, or do things react WAY different to knockback as well? The fractured hills stone giants are my main example, they hardly feel like they are moving. I swear I remember them moving back further in the old games.
The developers didn't ruin this game. Activision did. And technically, the game isn't ruined, its just not fine-tuned, or finished, because Activision forced them to rush it.
TFB cares. Activision does not. And they are probably keeping TFB quiet. When you play the first game, you can tell TFB cared, a lot. But I think they are probably upset with Activision bullying them into rushing the game, the development became sort of a mess when half way through Activision said "Hey, you done all 3 yet?"
For today, both.
Except if your recycling rates are high, reducing wouldn't help that. If more people recycle, than just toss it in the trash, even if they reduced their amounts, the recycling rate would still becoming higher by the amount of people recycling. High recycling rate for an entire country is a good thing. Now if it was for a single house-hold, then we'd be having a different discussion.
Yeah I get stopped all the time at the front, because I dress like a degenerate fuck. But it also pisses people off, because a lot of hispanics start spouting racism, mothers start flipping shit over... something, and actual thugs just become nice people.
I'd have my car and medical debt paid off, and I could get my car fixed up (or just trade it in and get a decent $6000 used car). Would be great, since most of what I can afford now is waffles and ramen.
I know I'm not, but that wasn't the point. I have never met anyone who has remotely even said they liked these people. Also, T-series was probably just botting, and youtube didnt do anything about it, then it became a meme and their channel blew up more. Unless there is some sort of promo where subbing to them gets people something, because their view count is pretty low from video to video. The videos that do blow up are believable, it seems to be Indian people who are really into the music, but then I know and have met a handful of people who seriously like Indian music. Lelepons? Logan Paul? Not once. Unless their target audience is 12 and under.
Bethesda sees a fire, and keeps shoveling coal into it. The train has wreck, Bethesda, you can stop fueling it.
Its either a really shit design for a pride poster, or a really brilliant depression poster.
I too own a pet German.
Was just listening to one of their songs, and thinking the same way.
The holy bible. Then every other religious bible or transcript. I'm sure that after eating them all, I would be able to decipher if any, or none, are correct. And if I could figure out which ones are correct, I could essentially discover the true meaning of life, or if life truly is meaningless. Regardless, it'd make for an interesting YouTube series.
Ireland. So while I'm on the battlefield I can shout about potatoes and not be put on honorable discharge for being insane.
They deleted my comment on the video that said "Everything between the Will Smith scenes aside, this was pretty good."
&gt;HumansBeingBros More like BrothersBeingBros
Yeah, they deleted my comment saying (basically) that everything between the Will Smith scenes was shit.
You mean stream snipe. Because obviously anyone who can kill him is cheating, right?
Not saying anything about K Pop, but I was already dead when Cardi B started singing.
Mayonaise bottles.
Yeah I was already thinking about canceling my Netflix account, when this was announced I went through with it.
If the rematches were just given to you, like you unlock characters the same way, but the alert just opened up the ability to challenge them, I think it'd be quite nice.
Lure him out of bounds and side B him a bunch.
Because Nintendo is anti-online friend. Most of their games have been pretty against online friend interaction.
I mean, he did something on YouTube a couple of times.
Battlefield V is a mess.
Can I also mention that Nintendo still has the whole "Friend Code" method of adding friends? This was cute when I was in middle school, but this ain't cute no more.
Kind of the point for subreddits, though. For people to freak out, discuss, etc. About new games or updates.
How is it that at 70% I get sent flying off the screen with a little slow mo cutscene, but at 150% the AI for the alert challenges hardly even go off the map? Am I doing something wrong?
With luigi, I was just on the top part of the mansion. Maybe I will tackle WOL instead of the alerts, since I am struggling. I think the difficulty spiked a bit too much for my learning curve.
Nah, you are right, when I wrote this I was at work and couldnt remember if it was high or low.
&gt; We the Western Customers If Japanese consumers had as much issue with it as we did, they would probably change it. Granted, I don't know how the Japanese player-base feels about these things.
I love unlocking characters, it's the main draw to the game for me. I mean, obviously I love the fighting and all that, but I am not a competitive player with this (I may give it a shot at some point). Being challenged by these alert challengers is great, as I feel like the more challenging they are the more I learn (though I do wish rematching them was easier, and since it isn't losing is frustrating).
I usually lose the first encounter with an alert challenger, I actually find the rematches more fun, because I can choose who I want to challenge the character with. I wish they had a game mode where you just challenge them to rematches, rather than a special event that pops up every now and then (I don't know how it appears).
There is a distance traveled requirement, I believe. Not sure on the details of that though, but I believe to receive certain challengers you need to have a certain amount of distance. What I did was go into a match for 20 minutes, with two controllers, and have both characters walk into a wall for 20 minutes. I had no issue with alerts after, in fact I get one after almost every battle (sometimes needs a restart, depending on how long the battles take). I was aiming for ZS Samus and Roy, I got her, got bodied by Roy, but beat him in the rematch as Samus. The alert challengers are... Challenging, and as frustrated as I can get, I actually kind of welcome the challenge. It is making me get better with ZS Samus.
I play Classic and CPU matches to unlock characters in the game, I play WoL as more of a mini-game gamemode.
I love that Nintendo tried to push for Sonic to be the last unlock unless you played Mario. Considering that he was their mascot's rival, I find that fitting.
Thought this was a risky click, glad we kept it wholesome, good job random redditor.
I had no idea, thank you!
I also doesn't afraid of things
So are playlists pointless? I made one thinking I could take it into any map, but... you can't? Or can you? If not, what is the purpose of play lists?
But hey, at least we can tell our opponents "Let's Smash, Bro!"
I use ZS Samus so much that I think it just preloads my skins, because everyone but her lags for me now.
Think its trying to tell you to choose. Your country, or your god. CYKA BLYAT FOR THE MOTHERLAND
What is a "tilt"? I haven't played since Brawl, and I was way too young to get into the terminology.
There are 76 characters, + 5 DLC characters to come + 1 Early Purchase character to come. At some points, your roster will not be a perfect rectangle, and may look a bit weird. But as you unlock characters, it will start to look better.
Use the block button to air dash by pressing it while holding the direction you want to air dodge. Up + B is usually a recovery move, and sometimes the side-B will be as well, depending on the character. If you get hit, you can make another action. If you air dodge, you cannot use an ability to recover (I think). Some characters (Like Lil Mac) have worse recovery, so tend to require a higher skill-level.
Can you do that on a pro controller's right analog stick?
Thank god. I want the GC controller, but for now I have the Pro Controller.
It's the internet, the people on this sub reddit are just players, not pros or reviewers.
Not to mention Capcom, Sega, Konami, and Square (granted, they hardly wanted Nintendo to use Cloud).
Just because she is an echo fighter doesnt mean she is the worse version. Some pro players say she is the better version. Play whatever you are good at.
Did you stump your toe before writing that?
&gt; A level 9 can kick ass ...I am struggling with level 7...
I have one last unlock. Cloud. He has beaten me with all of my mains, all of my cheese characters, I don't know what to do other than pick my mains and pray. It's been a long, emotional ride to get that roster filled, but at the end of the day I feel more accomplished. My controller... Not so much. Please help to stop controller abuse.
Why does he have two eyes? This is inacurrate.
Is there a trick to beating Cloud? He's my last character unlock, and I just cannot do it.
Smash Bros Ultimate, would come out a god. No movie, thanks. And Mashed Potatoes.
I got stuck at a part where I cannot heal because I ran out of items, is there a way around this?
Hell yeah. They are filling, and since they are unlimited you can select larger portion sizes, and they are pretty hard to get tired, plus you don't have to chew them, so you wouldn't get anything stuck in your teeth for a month. Plus, its one food item. Couldn't say mashed potatoes and steak.
Even though it has less (for now) dislikes than "Baby", "Baby" still has a pretty steady dislike ratio. And considering more people viewed "Baby" than this rewind, thats impressive. Also, going back, Baby is bad sure, and JB was annoying back then. But it doesnt deserve to be tmthe most disliked video. Time to overthrow it.
I have a feeling the girl from Gravity Rush is going to make it into smash.
Wasnt Donald part of the Third Reich once?
You're right, so I'll be Winston.
I hear that jumping off a bridge cures the common cold, due to how fast you fall from the bridge. But hey, idk.
How to save a life: See someone dangling from their window? Simple, have a friend take a firm grasp on your wrist, grab a broom, jump out of your own window, javalin thrust the victim back inside the window. If that doesn't work, have your fireman buddy get a hose and power blast them back into their room, they'll be too busy cleaning up the mess they won't even be thinking about suicide!
I too would like to study Garuda's bust. For science, obviously.
Doesn't 4 kind of stagger them a bit? I have noticed enemies stumbling around after I throw my ulti down.
Do the main quest line (think the one you should be at is Second Dream), the main quest amps up towards the end of that.
I feel like I've seen his alerts a lot lately.
I have been lonely since I was 7, I was truly alone after highschool, 2 years of pure isolation aside from my mother. After that I have had people in my life, but none of them really cared, ya know? It was just coworker relations. I'm still lonely, but I have a girlfriend now (who lives in another state) who helps that feeling go away. But it never really does. Isolation fucks with you, and I would wish it upon only the worst of criminals.
Yeah, you're right. What do I look like, a catholic school teacher?
Came here to say this, hail yourself.
I have never heard a kid use slap, my grandparents use to though.
At my job, guests will regularly buy me food, or tip me. I just work the front desk of a hotel, and usually if a guest has a good experience, they end up giving me (or the staff) something like food.
I spend money on "Warframe", and it usually makes me pretty happy. I'm supporting a good dev team, with a good game, who makes things readily free for players who cannot afford it, and I am getting a reward out of it too. Not really "happiness", but it brings a smile to my face and makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside.
These are good starting points to a career in voice work, acting, singing, or video game related stuff, as well. Even if you don't hit 1mil, you could still get noticed by outside sources. I mean, BeatEmUps only has 400k subs, gets about 200k views a video, and is still noticed by Nintendo, and other companies willing to sponsor him. I even know some small 100k channels that have gone places, regardless of their viewer count. Justin Bieber (as much as we hate him, as a collective mind) got his start off of YouTube.
Do we have braille signs saying where the braille signs are?
going numb, because I just beat my dick so god damn fucking hard...
&gt; can certainly Always certainly
Why do Christians call it/celebrate Easter, when Easter was originally the celebration of worship of Ishtar, the Babylonian Goddess of sex and fertility? Because it's just a day people put meaning behind for no reason.
[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQqyArvAn4k) is a video of me speaking braille, for a demonstration.
As soon as I found this out, I had a field day.
Pikachu got his eye on the prize
Should have responded: "Wait, you were fucking me? I thought I was waiting that entire time."
"Please know, I don't want to breathe this air again. Pull the hook out, please throw me back in."
That's a trap, my guy.
Hit or miss, she took the kids, and now I'm filing for custody so I can see them, yeet and hit the dab so they can't see the tears.
Yeah, let other people Colonize it, I'll visit it when it's settled.
Yeah, but using Venka Prime on her looks dumb because she now has TOO MANY CLAWS SEND HELP
My neighbor just randomly screamed "STOP", I was going to get up and assume domestic abuse, until I heard someone shout: "WHAT THE FUCK WHY WOULD YOU USE THE BLUE SHELL?"
"Oh yeah, your COCK is SO big!" in the most unenthusiastic, fake tone you could ever hear.
B.
Switch between this game and another game. Currently Smash Bros. and this, but have been playing since I promised once Garuda dropped on consoles I would buy her and play the hell out of her (so far true, already have her back to max level after 1 Forma).
Nah, its an ADA thing. Same thing with Salt and Pepper shakers, I believe salt is support to be on the left.
Yeah, but Sony is still butt hurt over that. But hopefully it gets better, highly doubt it. I wish I had a PC to play Warframe on, but I've dumped time and money on PS4 version, plus I dont think I could afford a PC anyway.
So it isn't Easter to them?
I work in a hotel, and only found out by chance when a drunk guy decided it was a good idea to remove one of our signs with braille on it, and we had to replace it. The salt thing was just something a coworker randomly told me when I was setting out salt and pepper shakers randomly.
Damn, that's steep. That's what it was for Chroma. Ah well, Mesa Prime looks well worth the $80 down. I was about to buy normal Mesa when they announced the Prime, glad I didn't.
It's not debatable, nor is it an opinion, historically, Easter was the celebration of Ishtar.
I mean, they literally just took Walmart's catch phrase right after that.
Yeah I must be missing something. It all is still on his property, and doesn't seem to be interfering with anyone.
But they still have like, an E in them, that makes the part of the code
I'm surprised at how long lived Zero Two's waifu state has been. Considering how short the anime was, with 17 episodes.
When you can't afford a ticket but can afford buying a long board just to fit in with your weird coworkers.
Actually, we won't see it coming.
Those are the people who are tired of people asking how the food is after their first bite and just want to eat their meal.
I'm not upset. Recaps shouldnt effect a final review score, as they have very little to do with the anime itself, aside from recapping everything.
Nintendo gives you the best of both worlds. Want sexy girls? ZS Samus, thicc zelda botw, Peach/Daisy in booty shorts on Aces. Want sexy boys? They got you there too.
Sakuta and Mai are the obvious best couple. But a part of me really wants to ship Sakuta and Futaba.
God damn it, quackity.
COUNTRY ROADS, TAKE ME HOME, TO THE PLACE, I BELONG, OROKIN VERGINIA, SPACE MAMA
It would be like weed, but legal.
Literally knowing the fact that all of your friends, and family will die. Sure, you'd become desensitized, but the first time it happened would be hell. I mean, by your Great-great-great-great-great grandchild, you probably would just be like: "Damn, another one."
Can I help?
I know this is a joke, but wtf is a Grussleback from?
Bees?
Kill all 3 options at the start of the Dark Brotherhood quest in Skyrim.
So find the other immortals, form a cult, rule the world as a secret organization.
I don't remember being taught that in Sunday school. But then again, I only recently learned there were 20 different books found that were meant as alternatives to Revelations, so in the long run I guess I still think it's all non-sense regardless.
Are sex androids a thing yet? No? Beam me back under, Scotty.
This does nothing.
Pokemon TCG. Less playing these days, more collecting.
Freeze my bread, and just make it toast. Bread lasts longer when frozen, so I freeze it and just have toasted bread on my sandwiches. Makes tossing out bread, and needing more bread something you don't have to do as often, so you can buy more than 1 loaf, which lasts longer, and buying in-bulk tends to be cheaper in the long run.
Is that canon? Pretty sure Jesus and Goku came before Superman, wasn't it Thanos?
Civilization 5. I haven't played 6, I may pick it up on the Switch after watching some reviews. But 5 is still something I love playing.
It's still inhaling smoke. Edibles are better off, but it is still not like a vegan drug option. I still say it's better, and safer than alcohol, but to think it is like a healthy option.
Who believes this?
Is there an actual large amount of people that believe that? Like, is Hitler's influence still to this day running strong?
I lost track of our political stance. When I was young, it was republican and democrat, but as I get older it's suddenly right, right-wing, left, left-wing, alt-right, alt-left. But overall, I get what you are saying.
Oh. Oh my.
Wait, really? I had no idea people did that. I can usually get away without a long nail, or I just use a pick.
I just ordered Darkness myself, I know Crunchyroll has her in stock, and Megumine is up for pre-order.
Thats a sexy piggy
FUCKING RANDOMS STOP RUSHING EXCAVATOR MISSIONS WHEN CRACKING RELICS, CRACK THE RELIC BEFORE RUSHING THE MISSION, IT ISNT TIME LIMITED.
Her face says: "If I break character and smile, I am fired."
"MmmmmmUAHAHAHA!" - Hououin Kyouma
By hitting the downvote button. Edit: OP did not ask how to downvote the gif
"Here is some bread to keep you warm at night, brother." "Thank you, brother. I shall warm my body like a roast beef sandwich."
They call it Piss Jutsu.
And a goblin.
You call that a clipping issue? My boy, let me tell you about a game called Monster Hunter...
I accidentally beat my dick so god damn hard that my entire leg went numb.
Salad. As a kid? "EW SALAD IS NASTY!" Now? "Man, I could really go for a salad."
"Yo, who needs a wife when you have THIS MUCH SPACE? And these leather seats? Holy shit!"
My friend called me a pussy for buckling up, I called him a human missile who would get prison time for man slaughter.
Comedy.
WHERE WE CAN LEARN TO LAUGH AND PLAY
No, it's Megumine from Konosuba. Idiot.
You either die the hero, or live long enough to become the villain. Or a villain resurects you, and you become a monster.
Tokyo Ghoul, Darling in the Franxx, Parasyte, Guilty Crown, Deadman Wonderland, Cowboy Bebop. Say what you will about the anime themselves, but when debating the openings there are a lot of anime with amazing sound tracks/openings.
I am so proud of this community.
I'd have to agree here. I'm fine with the whole trading thing, but a Tenno Market update would make it a whole lot easier to not get scammed, and to sell your stuff.
Yeah, I just wrap things in the shape of a basket ball every year. Not really to trick anyone, I just suck at wrapping.
People who stand too close to another person in line at a store, or hotel. Hotels are worse, because the desk is usually horizontal, so guests will occasionally just stand right beside the person checking in. I had a guest flip shit at me for assuming they were together, even though she was standing like literally shoulder to shoulder with the person in front of her. And at super stores, having a cart pushed into your ass while you are waiting for the person ahead of you is unpleasant, because not only do you feel rushed, but you also can't move forward to get it off your ass. People, I know y'all learned how to form a single file line in kindergarten. Stop fucking this up.
I just pause my sentence, and when they stop just resume like they didn't say anything.
Start climbing.
And the flip side of that is someone driving directly beside you, put on their blinker, keep speed with you, then start blaring their horn because they want to get over. How the fuck am I suppose to see your blinker when you are directly beside me? Just slow down, or speed up a little bit so I can see your signal.
And the ones who leave them in the parking spot beside them, meaning one of the cart boys or cashier at the end of the day has to go all the way to the other side just to get it.
I have a lot of negative things to say about the education system, but teachers are usually fine. People who do this are garbage. Also garbage, sit down and wait your turn. I always bring Cup Noodles as a gag, because I cannot cook. Yeah, fuck people who marry your sister.
Dude, I was pushing my cart down an aisle, and was about to exit it, when two college girls turned the corner, stopped, and started looking at a product, literally blocking me into the aisle. And I am not exaggerating when I say I was literally just about at the aisle's exit, like I was just about to turn when they boxed me in.
"How much do you think the windows on it cost?" "About $1000 each." "Do you have $1000?" "You kidding me? I have WAY more than $1000!" "Cool, you're gonna need it."
If DitF had ended at episode 15, and just cut all productions, I'd probably watch it again. Instead... We got fucking Deathstar-chan,
I loved it, and refuse to hate it, but I hate the ending. I hate the second half. But it never really left such a bad taste in my mouth that I just started blindly hating it (Like I do Deadman Wonderland). That said, it's the same reason Destiny, No Man Sky, and other video games failed. They were over-hyped, and then when they didn't meet that hype, they burned.
Gurren Lagann.
Nah man, we killed his son, so now he loves us.
Work.
Kirby and Metaknight about to murder ai.
And the opposite of WasWas is NowNow, which is an album by Gorillaz, who have an album called Demon days, which means that the quran is ACTUALLY the book of Satan.
Yes you are. I bought Mei (Overwatch) on a whim, and really liked her, so I got my favorite Overwatch character, D.va. Then I ordered Darkness from Konosuba, preordered Megumine, and ordered Batman... This is a cursed collectable, and you have opened the pandora's box.
Sleeping with your sister, and telling your parents you're keeping the baby.
1. Start a YouTube Channel (because fuck it) 2. Visit my girlfriend a couple of times 3. Move into a new apartment, hopefully out of state 4. Pay off my car before it fucking breaks so I can afford to repair it
That's hot.
You had me at food.
A new job.
Twitch on streamer
Eat the entire thing, and FEEL your shit leave your body.
I think overnight shift should get paid more. I work it from time to time at a hotel, and it can get mentally taxing, never really seeing the sun, or humans. Granted, I am the one doing the end of day paper work, cleaning, and breakfast, so I only get about 3 hours to myself.
Warriors games have a somewhat small following (least in the West), enough to make sales, but still not a lot. I would pin the situation to being similar to Monster Hunter, before World released. Now, take that small fan base, and cut it in half, if not more, because a majority of fans get these games as brainless hack-n-slash games to hop onto to just have fun in the single player modes. I personally use them to destress, as when I was younger the Warriors games were there for me in really rough times. I have no real desire to try the online, but I will at some point. Hopefully these games get their "Monster Hunter World" game, where they catch the eye of the masses, and draw in more fans. They tried to with 9, but failed. While its still a good game, it had a rocky launch, with fans angry with the changes, making new players hesitant to try it. Hyrule Warriors is probably the closest thing to growing the fan base that they got, but those are Zelda /Nintendo fans. They buy anything Zelda/Nintendo.
We're in a generation shift period. The older people don't like these things because when they were growing up they were associated with gangs, drugs, hippies, etc. It's similar to how the older generstion is mostly homophobic, or even racist. Also sometimes with tattoos, its a religious thing, because there is a passage in the bible that says "You shall not mark your body" or something like that. My parents would call it a sin.
So much love for Aqua (if you can call that love) and Megumin, hardly ever see the real best girl get loved on.
I had no idea it wasn't already finished, I'm only on like episode 12. At least now I can binge watch it without fear of cliff hangers.
I grew up without a family, just my Christian mother (and stepdad, but he hardly talked to me all my life). When I graduated Highschool, I fell into a deep depression as I struggled to keep my faith, and at the end I lost it. I feel it was the better choice, as I now see how toxic religion can be to a person's mind. I got lucky, because my mother embraced me for who I became, instead of outcasting me. However, at first I felt like I let the omly family I had down. I coped by reminding myself that religion is like brain wash, it makes you think you are right, even when prescented with facts, and evidence. It makes you choose to believe in something, no matter how proven wrong you are, and that meant she was the one I should be worried for.
I'll use my blood to write: "B.O.B.O.D.Y."
"YouTube rewind is shit!" "Must be our community's fault!"
I just mix mine with mashpotatoes.
No, I don't remember anyone using milk when I drank it growing up, I mean, at things like hotels they specifically have hot water dispensers for tea and hot chocolate.
Is your Keurig a blue hedgehog? If so, I highly recommend putting anything in it, as it is animal abuse. Edit: Rommend NOT putting things in your hedgehog.
I'll agree with this. It would be less of a hassle to reform teams if it was broken down, maybe even having a favorite system to quickly find your main characters. The UI in this game is really strange, I'm not a big fan of it. But I do like the 3 characters posing in the lobby, kind of reminds me of PvP game lobbies, which makes my desire for a mainstream PvP type game to come from the series even more intense.
Driving around for 20 minutes fucking around, and ignoring bowling requests?
I mean, at first it was a joke, but lately it has some pretty interesting stories.
Depends on how it's handled. A filler episode here and there that is well written, provides more character or world building, then they are fine. Now, when your entire show is a filler (**coughBleachcough**), we have a problem.
The only one that really caught my eye was Boogiepop, but I wasn't really feeling off put by most of them. I'll pick up the season favorites, and a few that look interesting. I do really want to give Kaguya-sama wa Kokurasetai: Tensai-tachi no Renai Zunousen (Holy shit this name) a try, because it sounds interesting as hell. And Yakusoku no Neverland sounds really cool, but it didn't catch my eye, will still give it a shot though.
One of the comments said it is from [Mahou Shouja Site (Magical Girl Site)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magical_Girl_Site). Not sure if it's true, since I haven't seen the anime myself, but the picture and a character from the anime look identical. Plus, the theme seems to be blood, gore, or horror.
Gurren Lagann Gurren Lagann Gurren Lagann.
I dunno, Inari is pretty good too. Character wise, tropie and bland, but design wise her outfit was fire.
But does it have an ending? Or is it looking to end? I'd be down to watch a 200 episode anime myself, if there was a for-sure ending. But One Piece is at like, what, 800 episodes, and seems to just keep plowing on ahead.
That's just me on 5,000 different accounts.
Jeez, dude. This reply is embarrassing for me to read.
Mine would just be D.va from Overwatch. I don't even play the game as much as I use to, but she is precious.
Okay, so basically like a news recap.
It's criminal that you haven't watched Gurren Lagann, but have seen Aldnoah.
Oh yeah, I was feeling this way myself. I got the Season Pass, and don't really feel it was worth what I paid (though I just wanted the Konoichi skin, which I am pleased with, and I have paid more for a single skin on League). Then there is all the stuff that isn't even included in the season pass... when Season Passes usually mean you get ALL DLC. In that regard, I'll agree with you then.
First order of business, declare Furries public enemy number one.
Let's get that bread.
My mother. Dad kicked us out when I was seven.
GS would fuck them all, and still not be interested.
We didn't need you to tell us you work at McDonalds.
When I say filler anime, I mean fill in the gaps between the anime series I am watching. Like, one I am watching passively instead of focusing on.
Ah, Xbox... thats a name I haven't heard in a while.
Naruto. #BELIEVE IT.
I got 3 stitches on a stab wound (self-inflicted by accident). That shit cost me $1000. Like, wtf? I could have just had the homeless dude down the road do it for $20, and risk getting a disease, but still way less.
This lady started yelling her drink was melting. Because it had sweat on the cup. I WISH I was joking, I really do. I'm 90% sure she was high though, so.
Scream "YAAAAAMAAAARUUUUUU"
Narootoo. Naroootoo. Naroooooootoo. Believe it. Yeah, believe it.
We "dated" for a like a day or two, then I broke up with her because she "smelled bad"
I should have used the term "blocked", but he put a chair or something against the door, and leaned on it to keep it from opening.
I think you're right. I think it was altered for sale, because a middle finger isn't really seller friendly? I dunno, but I'm pretty sure you're right.
Bunnies are actually not suppose to be in water, they could die from a- oh wait, this is a different video.
I don't want to die
When you have a good thing going, don't try to fix it.
3 incher? Nah man try 2.4 incher. When ya soft, its just a mushroom cap on top ya balls.
But don't actually hit your wife.
Santa saw an opprotunity, and took it.
I always have used my left hand to scroll, as a right handed person. It actually feels foreign to use my right hand at this point.
I believe it's what they call a grower not a shower
Why do you think, buster? To show my patriotism to guns, heeyee.
I'd say the N word.
Yeah, I'm generally in just boxers, maybe a t-shirt. Rather not blind someone with a wild peep at my disgusting dick.
Because Hitler used the Metric system, and we don't negotiate with terrorists.
This isn't sentient yet?
What is she doing to Ai?!
Guess I'm eating more chicken.
Wait, so I was mostly right? Damn. I've never seen this anime.
They can come to Nebraska during winter. Do a blizzard barn yard season.
I grew up in the 00s, and my ass still thought quicksand would be a lot more of an issue than it seems to be. I remember thinking people would just be like commuting to work, and suddenly, oh no, quick sand! Kids are stupid.
Nah, that's just chakra.
Yeah, am curious myself.
The challenge is he can't jerk off
I mean hey, as long as it's safe, consensual, and only in Alabama, it's fine.
Quick. Probably gun to the head would be the fastest.
Take my rightful spot as the king.
Dress Codes. Now, I understand the whole: "Look presentable." But setting the bar for presentable so high is baffling to me. Wash, smell good, make sure your hair doesn't look like a mop out of bed, dress in a uniform so that guests/customers know you work there, hell I even understand the no graphic tees rule. (these are the ones I understand) But no shorts, only black shoes, certain hair lengths, beard lengths, no tattoos, no piercings (I can understand limited piercings), etc. I feel like in a life so short, we should be allowed to express our individuality while we can. And when your job dictates how you dress not only on the job, but essentially out of the job, I believe that to be absurd. As a man with long hair, I have been told I need to cut it to fit dress codes a lot. I comply, because I can't afford to rebel against my overlords. But it never feels right. I would understand asking me to keep it in a pony-tail, or a man-bun, but telling me to outright cut it off is tampering with what I find comfortable outside of work.
Sex is an important part of marriage. If you marry someone, and find out you are sexually incompatible, then what?
Some people are more interested in true-crime than sitcoms. I personally find sitcoms boring, and can binge dramas for longer, because I get more engaged.
I chose not to go, because I am more interested in self-teaching, and I also am more interested in subjects that I'd rather not go to college, and be forced to take Gen-Eds for. Art, music, writing, I can self-teach myself these things through books, the internet, and practice. Why would I need to suffer for 4 years, when I can instead enjoy my life, and work to progress through it faster?
I'm neither side really, but I think illegal immigration is kind of eh. I get where the left comes from, but at the same time why can't their defense of illegal immigration just turn to legal immigration? I'm not sure how immigration works, as it's not a subject I really care about. But how hard is it to just legally immigrate to a different country? And if it is hard, why not instead of pushing for illegal immigration, just make legal immigration easier to obtain? I'm probably just ignorant of the situation, but it sounds like both sides are just defending their stance, at the cost of actually coming up with a solution.
I read like 2 posts, and saw you two continued it. It was mostly directed at the other guy, but you are just as guilty for dragging it on as long as it went.
The real Alpha play.
Can I interest you in our finest bowl of cereal soup, made with a fine turkey broth, and frosted flakes?
There is also a culture in Japan like this, and it is one of the leading causes of suicide in their culture, because they over-work themselves, and when they fail, or fail to work as hard as they believe they should, they feel like failures in life. I probably got that somewhat wrong, as I am not Japanese, but that is my understanding of it.
That's fair, I'll go with that then, responsible is a word better fit for your part of the situation.
"This is the best meat I've ever tasted!"
Kirby. First order of business: "Poyo"
Molested a gator while feeding it.
This I would stand against. Discriminating against the poor is a 15th century thing that should not be brought back into existence. I believe the solution is to just offer temporary domicile for those who don't have time, or really just to anyone so there wouldn't have a need for extensive background checks before making it happen. And then, they can be in a temporary place safely while they are pursuing the legal means to become legal citizens. It's basically what illegal immigration is, but with less risk for both parties involved (the Country and the immigrants). Sure, there are flaws, but it's a common-ground solution, rather than one-or-the-other. Buuut again, I'm ignorant to the situation, and the solution is probably a lot more intricate. But it would be so much easier if both parties worked together to compromise, than try to make their solution the winning one.
The one and only.
Go to bed at 2:30am, wake up between 11am-12pm, go to work at 3pm (usually leave at 2:30pm), come home at around 12am, repeat.
In food business, they have hair nets for that reason, women are usually allowed to keep their long hair in this position. With a well done pony-tail, or man bun, you can still look "tight". It's this forced, fake image that is the issue, that should be done away with. I'm sure that if you went to buy milk, and saw a dude with a man bun, you wouldn't put the milk back and storm out, would you? Or is that something you actually care about? If it is, then why? And also, women are allowed to have long hair, and be considered having a "tight" appearance, so why is it wrong for men to have the same?
Yeah, same here. Also, the girls here are allowed to wear leggings, instead of dress pants. They have far more options.
I've recently gotten into watching Adventure Time, after years of refusing to because it looked like some dumb kid's show. I'm enjoying the hell out of it, how the hell is it a kid's show?
Tap their shoulders, and sign: "Which one of yas shat in da toilet without flushin'? Well it was fuckin' one of yas! Disguhstang."
I think dress codes are pointless in schools, personally. Aside from the obvious sexualized clothing ones. But I remember my school would throw a tantrum if I just wore a hat. No one wants to be there, and are forced to be there, don't make it more miserable.
I hope red head dude dies.
Wasn't it a joke spoiler during Season 1?
I still refer to Obama as president, more than I do Trump, and I wasn't even that big into Obama.
Where is the original picture?
Some games even let you pick which part of the game you want to access first.
Or racists.
Big if true
ARMS looks good, but $60is a lot to invest. Is it still active online? And can I play against a friend, or online against others with a friend? It looks fun.
That really isn't what I mean about slow pacing.
"Not very good" So, you mean bad.
It was shown in the direct. And on the pokemon Website it runs 119.95 (USD). Though, this seems to not show the steel book, I imagine its included.
Elon Musk: "You thought you couldn't tell if my tweets were real? Well, TRY THIS!"
Because it's a full priced tech demo.
I think they were refering to the accusations of OP lying, since the GIF is usually used to describe being "nervous".
No thanks, pokemon cries are far more iconic, and sound way better. If they moved more towards that, I'd probably be less inclined to play. Besides, the anime is based off of the games. It's best that the games interpret less of the anime as much as possible, since the anime itself is more geared towards the younger fanbase, while the games have a wide reach across the age range for fans.
Mario Maker 2 seems like the obvious one. It's one of their biggest titles releasing this year, that isn't Pokemon. But it does release soon, so I also have my doubts. Second I'd guess Fire Emblem: Three Houses, because the Fire Emblem series is quite popular, but not as much as it could be, and I think they are using this title to try and draw more attention to the series. And if anything, Luigi's Mansion 3. Never really played the series myself, but it seems to have a pretty sturdy fanbase. If they really wanted to wow the stage, Animal Crossing would slay the game. We know 0 about the game, the fanbase, and even just silent onlookers, are pretty giddy over the announcement. I'm not even a huge fan of the series, but that announcement had me stoked, and I fully plan on getting into the series with this title.
Monster of the week: Walkers. Every week.
So, you bought Let's Go?
Because it makes people worried their favorite pokemon won't be in the game. Plus, the current game industry has burned people, and people are worried that GameFreak will add it as paid DLC later on. My honest thought, is they may have just made it so final evolution are the only things transferable. Considering there are Steelix in the wild, and I have yet to see an Onix. This is a bit stretch, but a hopeful wish.
Nah, I wasn't really making an argument, it was a legit question, because a large portion of the Pokemon fanbase seemed to be against buying the games. I'm just as salty as anyone else about the "Not all pokemon are available" thing.
I mean, I wouldn't be that salty. Gives the game longevity, instead of beating it, making a competitive team (or importing one) and then coming back whenever I want to play competitive. Live Service events aren't really disheartening to me, if they are done free, or, at the most, affordable. But if they charge me just to access certain pokemon, that is game breaking. But give me an event that lets me import my old Ghost type pokemon, OR I can go to the wilds for like 3 months and find a bunch of ghost pokemon, and you have me sold. Hell, if you want to sell me a battle-pass styled thing along with it, that would give me Ghost type gear for my trainer or something, depending on how many battles (Both offline and online) I do, I may even buy into that for like $10. I've never really been against stuff like this, I know a lot of people get upset when the topic of micro-transactions gets brought up, because at one point in time everything in the game was available to you. But for me, personally, I am okay with it if it is fair. It gives you a chance to express yourself, and it's usually optional. I also like the idea of "Man, this person likes (insert thing) so much they are willing to buy a digital skin of it, huh". I love to express myself this way. Personally, I'd be okay with it. But only if it's free. Spices up the competitive field, with what pokemon are currently available constantly changing. IMO, that is kind of a fresh feeling to the scene.
"Its not my cocain, officer, I just found a perfectly formed line in the bathroom, and had to snort it!"
You do indeed, my friend. My number one top favorite pokemon. I use him as a mascot, and my online persona (ie, online name) is Fetch because of my love for him.
There aren't any pro-weed ads, from what I've seen.
Please FBI mafia don't kill him.
The Garbordor of 8th gen
Plus with Link's awakening, and I'd even throw Hyrule Warriors on there, the switch is great for Zelda fans.
Y'all gonna get this game delayed. But that's probably a good thing.
They've been doing this for a while, was waiting for someone to start pointing this out. Its fucking stupid.
r/mythologymemes
Personally, I like how the game is story based, without being story driven. Let me explain. You can start the game, head straight for gannon, and kill him, and beat the game (basically). Sure, it's a hell of a time, and pretty difficult, but it can be done. What this means is, it can be done at any point. This pushes you into the other part of the game, exploration. If you don't feel tied to follow story quest, after story quest, you feel more inclined to just roam around and explore. And I love that. I always get a weird sense of anxiety when it comes to story quests, like I have to beat it before experiencing all the fun side quests. And, usually, by the time I beat the main story and am ready to go back and do side quests, I'm burnt out. But with BotW, there really isn't a story line. I'd say everything aside from the tutorial area, and Gannon, are pretty much just side quests in themselves. But the world, and enviroment, is so rich with lore, you hardly even notice. This means that when you pick the game up after a year break, abd jump into your old save, you don't get that "Uh, what was I doing again?" feeling. Just walk off in a direction, and bam, you're back into the game.
I'm not even really a fan of the series, and I'm hyped. This looks like the title to draw me in. Though, I am FAR more excited about BotW, we have a release date, and gameplay footage of Animal Crossing. So I have more reason to talk about it.
Nah, space doesn't have sharks.
Overwatch. I met some amazing people through this, one of which I am going to rooming with in a year or so.
Its technically click bait. Which worked.
No one may stand where Platinum stands. Go wash your hands, and retype that.
Everyone: **angry over no national dex** Real dudes: **angry over more green shinies**
&gt; Switch game cards xan hold up to 32gb Even with that number being somewhat limited, I wouldn't be able to see a limited amount of space on the game cards as an excuse. Do you know how many devs push out Day 1 patches, or free content, or just DLC that was cut from the disc, or hell they already have it on the disc and then still cut it out? I could be wrong, but all this fluff tends to get saved onto your system, or SD card/hunk of a cube. Meaning sure, maybe 1000 pokemon couldn't fit into 32gb (which I'm quite sure they can, but humor me), couldn't they just force a day 1 patch, that gives you access to being able to transfer all pokemon?
Its because damn isn't really much of a swear word.
Don't worry, I like your mom, she is a very nice lady.
My first game was Crystal, and I swear I LOVED the bug catching tournaments. Even if I lost, it felt like a fun little: "Oh no, it's Tuesday! I have to go catch bug pokemon!" (It was tuesdays, right?).
What about the Pokephone? Lmao, having Mom call me every five minutes to tell me she put money in my account, or Big Boy Joey hitting me up with updates about his Rattata, I kind of miss that feature, tbh. Made the NPCs feel more alive, albeit slightly annoying at times.
And gen 1 didn't?
Oh, what you're saying is newer designs are more cutesy.
They aren't really rare. The "Doom" series is like that, with Bethesda.
Pretty sure he just made up his mind.
Would Nintendo UK have a different tone, as apposed to other places? I'm unsure where you are from, so that question may be pointless. But I'm curious if maybe this is just a region thing.
HeartGold/SoulSilver fans then: "Give us following pokemon!" HG/SS fans now: "Give us our pokemon!"
&gt; Throw in a farm Pokemon +Breath of the Wild + Stardew Valley. Yes, please.
GameFreak is constantly fucking its fans over, removing content and adding random bs gimmicks that just get removed next game. My hope is that Nintendo steps in.
WoT but GameFreak says you can't port models from the 3DS!
He should ask for a refund.
How does someone delete their clapback from a picture?
Minus the whole langauge part, this has happened several times at my hotel as well. I live in a very redneck town, work at a hotel off the interstate, and we get a lot of truckers/travelers from southern states, mostly texas and between. And since my state is Republican, they always assume I support Trump. I'm good at acting, though, so I just feed them what they want to hear so they leave us a good review, and go back to my job.
This is why I love Nintendo E3 conferences. These dudes go on stage, and speak to us like we understand Japanese, without (or very little at the least) even attempting to speak English. Of course, they have a translator, who is usually really good.
America is a country built off of immigration. It was always meant to be a "Everyman's land" (Except the Natives, apparently). And the people who disagree, are disagreeing with history.
Someone once asked me if we had any Mexicans in our hotel. I bluntly told her our housekeeping staff were all Hispanic, but I did not know if any were from Mexico. She blundered on about how they are all the same, thieving, pieces of trash. I've never met a hispanic who met the outlook these radicals have. Every hispanic I met, while being a little "harder" than most at times, were generally nice people. Even the dudes who look thug af tend to be nice. I had a friend, who's older brother looked like your stereotypical hispanic gangster all the time (wife beater, gold chain, bandana, etc.) and the dude taught me a lot of drawing techniques a couple of nights.
Only reason I can't right now, is my mother has some medical issues, and I have an apartment through my work, so if I quit I lose the apartment, and I plan on moving out of the state once my mother is taken care of, so I don't want to sign a 1 year lease.
You know GameFreak fucked up when other games fanbases are posting about it.
At the end, you agree to help them, and instead battle GameFreak themselves, who ONLY use the pokemon that were banned, and Charizards.
I do the opposite. I usually play female characters in games because I find female clothing cute, or appealing, far more than male clothing. Though, IRL I just dress like a broke sound cloud rapper.
I am disappointed with how long it actually took me to realize what was different.
Something about it not being a fully released product, I believe.
That time a truck got reincarnated as a truck in a world without trucks.
Subscribe, outro of darkness, then redess then whiteness.
You forgot Hide-Outs. They only brought them back for a remake of a game they were introduced into, and then never showed up again.
I canceled my pre-order. I may still buy it day 1, or I may wait to get it used, but I refuse to pre-order it.
People won't even really care as much about the new mons.
There's like 10 people in yellow shirts.
I got the Nargacuga from the plush line. I cannot wait to see my baby boy in this game.
This cute af.
Eh, I never hated his design, but I have no idea where tf it came from.
It's an edgy, ninja looking character. I'd imagine he is popular for the same reason's Sasuke from Naruto is. I mean, his design is pretty cool, and he was a pretty decent pokemon in competitive battling. And I imagine the furry community had at least a little to do with it's popularity. But it's mega evolution does look pretty badass.
I always assumed it was a reference to Mario.
I agree, it is getting to the point of my hatred of Pikachu, but it does have an interesting, and mostly unique, feature surrounding it. Plus, it is way cuter than Pikachu. I'm unsure if I am starting to hate it, or want it to replace Pikachu.
But his surfer hair, man.
You're not wrong, but I like Dewgong enough to like it.
Eh, I always used Lanturn as a stall pokemon, but tbh I never played stall teams, so I'm not sure what the make up would be, and it's been awhile since I was apart of the competitive scene. Lanturn had the whole Para-Confusion thing going on.
I actually really like him. Like, a pile of trash that became so polluted it came to life. Design wise, I guess it is kind of "meh" at best. But I think it's still better than Muk, in that regard. Plus, I still think it looks pretty cool. And Trubbish is a cutie.
I just want them to bring back the rude rival. I miss Green(Blue) calling me names, or Silver being all edgy. Tired of the whole: "WE'RE BEST FRIENDS!" approach. I hope that Hop starts off as a friend, and then when we beat his brother he becomes super scornful, since he couldn't be the first person to beat his brother, and goes off in a post game thing, and just goes at us with all he has.
You're arguing the same point I'm making, because you are dead set to have the term "Spin-Off" not mean anything but "A game that isn't the mainline series". So, the Harry Potter movies were spin offs?
I know it probably isn't true, but that ending had me screaming "EL PSY CONGROO!"
That's what I do, whenever someone remotely religious enters my bubble. "Have a moment to talk about our lord and savior?" "I always have time to pray to him, but right now I'm kind of busy. Try again later!" Easier to fake your religion than just being who you are in areas like that.
Grandpa called down that he slipped and fell in the bathroom, so I went ahead and grabbed my 12-gauge.
There are more things than "Mainline" and "Spinoff".
Hopefully this doesn't turn out like "My Time at Portia". I really wanted the game on Switch.
This is absolutely not a bruh moment, bad bot.
Stop
I mean, no reason to have Netflix now, and I don't want NBC. Buy the box copy, screw all these streaming platforms.
Yeah, pretty gay, am I right?
Granted. All questions are now banned, since all the questions on this sub are asking your opinions, which are your feelings on a subject. Oh wait, wrong sub.
He's an anti-hero, but that doesn't make him dark side, so he'e be light side.
Wait, does the backwards compatibility include digital games?
Which, technically speaking, means you never actually die in DarkSouls. 0 DEATH RUN BABY
!remind me 1 day
That's all any worker is. A warm body. The higher ups don't give two shits about your personal life, and free time. If you died, they'd be annoyed, rather than sad, that now they'd have to find someone else to cover your shifts, and hire someone new.
That's probably why a lot of people didn't like the structure. I don't imagine a large portion of Netflix users wanting to think about their shows too much, as most of them just use it as background filler, or a way to end a night.
"To inquire about my availability tonight, and the answer is yes, I'd love to go out with you."
The overly-happy zone. With unicorns, rainbows, happy go-lucky music, green fields, etc. Then, stick all the overtly angry people there for eternity.
Seen'dt
Yeah. I've listened to my favorite artist's music 1000s of times, but I'll probably only ever get $1M once.
"We have landed." "WOOOOO YEAH WOOOOO **CLAPCLAPCLAPCLAP** WOOOOOO"
Mobile doesn't have ad blocker.
Joe Goldberg. I am slightly uneasy.
Yeah, no offense to those who serve, but if I am forced to do a job I don't want to do, there is 90% chance I'll fuck it up out of anger. Not purposely, most likely, but like I'd be so angry that my anger would lower my awareness, and I'd fuck something up just not paying attention.
A draft is stupid. The government forcing innocent people, who for the most part don't want to die for "their country" to fight, is stupid. Let those who want to serve, to fight, fight. Let those of us just trying to live our lives the best we can continue to do just that. Don't use me to fight your wars, I don't have anything against Iran, they did nothing to my family, or friends.
People have been kind of forgetting that lately.
Personally I'm a fan of the Game Grumps. They have a second channel now, which has sort of become more of a main channel, called "The Grumps" where they do Good Mythical Morning like content, but its like 100x more chaotic, and wild. And the chemistry between Arin and Dan is somewhat similar to how Aleks and James were, but a lot less hostile (granted most of the hostility was over played with Aleks and James).
Where do you put codes on console?
Totino's Hot Pizza Rolls.
I work at a hotel, at the front desk, and a guy came in looking for a room. When he asked what our rates were for the night, he got upset, and said: "Well down the road I can get a room for $40" To which I responded; "Wow, really? If you can find a hotel room for that cheap, I'd go there, it sounds like that's the place to be tonight! What a deal! Have a nice day!"
I feel like this is a bad answer, but no, I wouldn't want to keep it. Simply because we are ill-equipped to handle a mentally disabled child, as they tend to be really hard to raise. It wouldn't have a good life with us, as we're both still figuring out our own mental health issues.
It's essentially just a like/dislike thing. You gain Karma when people like (Upvote) your post/comment.
My favorite all time creature memory is when Jordan chases Sly out of the office, and Sly parkour's down the stairs.
As am I, I don't know what the hell it could do for me, but it'd look cool as hell to write "Sir" on my resume.
Aside from droppings, the mice we had hardly did anything. Yeah, they were disgusting, of course. But they generally just ate crumbs, shat, and went on their way. If they ever got into the cupboards, we'd just put steel wool in their hole, and sometimes board over it with some extra wood we had. But they rarely got in them, aside from the ones closer to the ground, so we just stuck all our food and dishes in the ones higher up.
I just watched a Ricky Gervais stand-up on Netflix, and I liked his explanation of it best. It's not about the content of the joke, it's about the context. He used this joke as an example. "A woman runs into a police station, and told the officer, 'I've been graped!' The officer responded with, 'Don't you mean raped?' to which she replied; "No, there was a bundle of them!'" (I probably got it wrong word-for-word, but you get the point).
Humor is subjective. What one person finds funny, another will not. If you are a stand-up comedian, it is easier, since you can tell the jokes you find funny, and a crowd of people who share that humor will form around you, making it safe to assume your audience. In a normal, day-to-day setting, it is safe to bog down your humor. If you're going through a check out line, and make a dead baby joke to the cashier, you have 0 idea whether or not that person has gone through anything involving a dead baby, and could be ruining that person's day. Humor is about perception, and knowing your audience. If you don't know your audience, it's better to gradually release your humor. Usually a group of friends is fine, and I personally don't care about people who "overhear" your jokes in public (unless they are really that bad). But to people you've never met before, it's usually safe to just assume they are touchy about a subject, until told/proven otherwise. As for the question, I don't really draw a line. I'll go as dark as I possibly can with my jokes, sometimes. I just don't take much serious, it's not like I support or believe, or remotely feel the way I joke, because that's all they are, are jokes.
Alright, so mid blow job I'll just jab the girl in the throat.
"Okay."
Personally, I think the next James Bond won't be "James Bond", with the current trend of gender swapping main roles, I think the next one will be "Janie Bond", and I have no idea who she would be played by. She'd probably have to be a "Bombshell", considering the theme of James Bond, so probably Alexandra Daddario, or Margot Robbie. Or I could be wrong, and the next James Bond will be Hugh Jackman.
Same with a dog, since mine use to like heave before puking. I'd be laying in bed, sound asleep, when my ears caught wind of that "Hrrk,hrrk,hrrk" sound. I'd be up, running as fast as I could to get to the door, saying "No, no, no, no." the entire way. Least she would try to hold it in until I could let her outside to puke.
Oh, I didn't know about that. I'm just under the impression everything is about to get a gender change remake.
It's technically illegal to feed/assist the homeless in some states, if I remember correctly.
Oregon is a pretty relaxed state from what I can tell, as an outsider. I don't remember which states it was illegal in, if I am even remembering right. But I'm sure I've read/watched about it somewhere.
Pretty much. I'm not afraid to break a law if it means helping someone going through a rough time.
Me and my girlfriend started new characters, and are just playing through the main story together. You'd want more characters anyway, since it's helpful to have multiple.
That's what I thought, but I still saw it there for some reason. Probably the ignoring the main quest line part, mostly.
OwO wut is dis buldgy wulgy
Is it legal to downvote yourself?
Fr I just bought the game, left midway through one of the tutorial missions, it crashed AND corrupted my save file.
Yeah, I have to turn auto ulpload on, I think, because my save never uploaded. Unless I just wasn't in long enough for it to do it. There was a patch put out for crashing today apparently, so maybe they are working on it.
I use an ad blocker too, unfortunately mobile doesn't have that ability, and I watch a lot of youtube on my phone.
WAIT HOLD ON
He got downed and lost his ray gun
Why is shit like this always the reason Nebraska makes headlines?
Yeah, seems the cops always shoot at news crews in these kind of situations. Except Fox News. Protesters seem to run them off every time.
I'm getting some Purple Mattress ads, and they are usually fucking killer.
Can't you also create custom feeds now? Just pick a bunch of subs you enjoy and use that. There are plenty of subs not related to current events. r/popular and r/all are going to be flooded with current big news, because people are talking about it the most.
I mostly only use it for ~~porn~~ convenience.
I played this game, and while I enjoyed it I couldn't bring myself to venture away from the shallow waters very much, and even in the shallow waters I was practically constantly having a heart attack. A normal little fucking fish would swim by my screen, and I'd scream.
I'm white, and I have never felt so ashamed of my skin color before. Never really experienced "white guilt" or anything. But scrolling througb tiktok/facebook/twitter and seeing a bunch of white people being absolute racist dickbags is making me feel like it's a disgrace of a color.
They should send this dude all the medical/funeral bills, since apparently he is him, and faked his death. /s
Nah, I usually prefer english so I can alt-tab or do something else.
I believe it's just a random summer related item.
And yet there are people spamming "Blue Lives matter, shoot the rioters!"
Don't go on Facebook or TikTok. They are cess pools for this type of behavior.
WHO'S THAT POKEMON? .... IT'S TORTERRA!
If rioters/looters threaten your life, shoot them all you want. At that point it isn't a riot, or looting, it's attempted murder, or assault. If they threaten your store, threaten them with your gun, brandish it, alert them to the fact that you have a gun, and if they still are trying to loot your shit, I don't really care if you shoot, that's natural selection. If they loot a store, and you see them loot a store and running away, try to apprehend them if you'd like, but at that point it's best to just let them get away. Executing thieves is not an appropriate punishment. Maybe take pictures, or if you see them get in a car take down the license plate, and turn it into the police station, and file a report. As dumb as the justice system is, that is still their job, not yours. Also, don't sit there and cheer on police brutality towards rioters and looters. The entire point of these protests, aside from justice for George Floyd, is that people want a better Justice System. They want the police brutality to stop, they want a separate justice department to police the police. By cheering on any form of police brutality, whether you believe it is morally deserved or not, makes you part of the problem.
The police force is still necessary, no one disagrees with that. What people want is reform. They want it to be harder to become a police officer, they want there to be actual education required, and training to focus more on defusing situations. On top of that, many people want a new branch of justice to police the police, someone separate from the police to only focus on cases of corrupt cops, and work to put an end to it. There are still good cops out there, I absolutely hate people who are saying "all cops are bastards". It isn't true. It is no different than saying "All [insert race] are scum". You are taking the actions of a statistic and applying it to the overall mass. The problem isn't individual cops, it's the justice system as a whole. Blame the roots, not the people. Sadly, police brutality is a norm, because of how cops are trained to behave. Even though I say there are good cops out there, a large number of corrupt cops exist, and a number larger than 0 is still too many corrupt cops, especially when the system doesn't hold them accountable for their actions (until a large mob of people start burning shit down).
He means uninstall and reinstall.
They believe that if you are quarantining, and not working, you are giving in to government lies, trying to control you. Which contradicts their overwhelming support of Trump, the figurehead of the government that they claim is spreading lies and trying to control you. But somehow, Bill Gates is actually the one behind it.
It's no where near the hate symbol that is the confederate flag. But I do still agree with you. I agree with them when they say not all cops are bad, because they are right, stayistically it is impossible for every cop to be bad, and I have seen a lot of good cops (Look at Flint PD). The problem stems from how they are using the flag, and the phrase. They are using it to praise all police officers, period. When I see videos on TikTok/FaceBook/Instagram/whatever of a militarized unit of cops marching, a bunch of conservative comments leave the same copy-paste looking phrases. "Blue Lives Matter" "Go defend our country" "Thank you for all you do" Conservatives suffer from something called blind patriotism. And anyone who is not patriotic, is an enemy of society.
Please, for the love of everything holy, Elon, open an online shopping center similar to amazon and call it "Ship-X". If you don't, you are missing a huge opprotunity.
Nah man, I'm sorry, I want to be optimistic, but hurricane season isn't over yet.
Hold up, what the fuck happened with murder hornets?
Lets make it a whole thing. Form in California, walk to the White house, picking up people from all over as we go. We stop at night, eat, sleep, continue in the morning.
My history teacher taught us that saying "African American" is actually pretty racist. He explained it through a story that I will paraphrase with him asking a black senator about African American struggles, and the senator (noticing he said "African American") said something about the term being kind of racist, which made him start to think. My history teacher taught us that it is more polite to say "black person", since "African American" describes them as either an African, which not all blacks are obviously, and "American", which does what you said. If a black person is born on American soil, they are called "American". We don't call other races "Asian American" or "Hispanic American".
I will not deny that there is a lot of blatant racism among cops. But when videos come out of cops beating white people, it shows the real problem. It isn't JUST racism, its the justice system as a whoke for letting cops like this exist.
That's because none of them actually care about the Christian values, they are only in it for one thing, money (as are most religious figures, just look at Mega-Churches).
Ngl I never thought about "blacks" that way. Thank you for pointing it out to me, I usually just say "Black People" by default anyway, but have never even stopped to think about just saying "blacks".
Honestly feel that, to avoid a monarchy, bloodlines should be unable to run for 8 years at the least.
How can you trust to call 911 when these are the kind of idiots that are lurking in the police force? Sure, not all cops are bad. But the problem is NO COP SHOULD BE BAD. These are people we expect to protect us, our properties, our rights, our laws. Having 1 bad cop out of 10 is like playing Russian Roulette. It is not something that we should have to worry about, and defending the law enforcement with "not all cops are bad" is just a poor excuse.
That's because a lot of people are either still hopeful for it to get better, or just enjoy shit talking (or watching the shit talking).
Republican: "He was black, what did you expect?" Democrat: "That's kind of racist." Republican: **Pikachu Face**
I'm pretty sure its because you used the phrase "When I come out". But I could be wrong.
Or she refused service, then contact the supervisor to come cancel the order for her, and explain the reason. She probably assumed she was in the right, and they would do it.
To be fair, not everyone really thinks about racism 24/7. It's a problem people want to combat, but there are people who are just not racist, or even care to think about racism, who do or say a racist thing and it doesn't occur to them that people find it racist until it's too late. It's like swearing. I swear like a sailor who stubbed his toe, so when I am in certain settings, it doesn't occur to me until someone points it out that I shouldn't be saying all these swear words at a family gathering where everyone is reserved Christians.
The better term is to say "He's the worst president in recent history"
Hm. On one hand, I want to play through Dead Island with my GF, on the other I want to play through Dark Souls, since I have never played through one.
I only have 1 light, and it's not a busy area so the light usually lasts 30 seconds at most, unless you go at like 5pm. Once passed that light, you just turn onto the service road and drive about a block.
Cops are suppose to enforce the law, not decide justice. That's what the justice system is suppose to be for. Cops arrest, judge decides. Cops should not be allowed to just take a man's wallet/money.
"Congrats! You survived! We're going to make you wish you didn't!" - The American Healthcare System
I have accidentally cut myself rather deep with a knife before, and they put 3 stitches in it and sent me home with a $1500 bill. At that point I'd rather use a stapler.
Make the playstation logo blue.
They'd rather just type "Trump 2020" all over the place.
"We refuse to vote, if libs are allowed to vote!" Someone please push this narrative, they'd believe it.
He has a neck?
Most protests are for a noble cause, the grim reality is that peaceful protests tend to result in a lack of law enforcement, which also means the more brutal, bad people who are part of the protest can take the opprotunity to cause chaos.
This one is actually still believable.
Yeah, the hotel I work in has a gift shop that puts up signs all over that says "51% off summer only!" But just change the design and wording of the sign to fit current event/season. It's all the same price, all the time.
That's what I asked. I am aware they are, I meant the dems are trying to avoid it with Biden and Burnie.
When someone says Shucky Darn in the Christian server, and marks it NSFW so no one else has to see unsolicited vulgarity.
Maybe treat it like storage units, and rent them out for a certain amount of months? I mean, I guess it ultimately results in less money for the gym, but I'd probably spend a few extra dollars if it meant working out in solitude.
Technically speaking, this is kind of the entire plot of the prequel movies of Star Wars.
I have always kind of wondered it. It comes down to this, really: In an ideal world racism would only exist with intent. Saying the N word or using black face would only be offensive if the person saying/doing it was intending for it to be taken offensively. But, we currently are not living in an ideal world. There is a huge gaping wound on the black community from their past, and the fact that it still is not getting better for them keeps that wound open. In a way, doing black face or saying the n word isn't really "racist", since it isn't intentional racism, but it is just disrespectful. Because they are still fighting for their rights and such, everyone (except the obvious) just sort of agreed that we won't do or say certain things out of respect for their fight. But the internet is the internet, instead of just shunning and looking down on these acts, we blow them up and shame them. In my eyes, that draws more attention to the issues, and makes them more noticable and offensive, which is both a bad thing, and a good thing in a way. The bad way, is it is putting more weight behind these actions deemed racist. Giving them leverage, and power. But the good thing is by doing this it draws attention to the cause, and turns people's eyes onto the issue. But what do I know.
6 has already been confirmed to be in the making.
Everytime I join a raid, I get an error message. Everytime I open my raid, I only get 1 other person to join at the most.
To be fair, a lot of Japanese devs use the term "big new project" for a lot of things.
I mean, I've always wondered what a pokemon MOBA would look like, but this just feels uninspired, and like a cash grab.
Thankfully it doesn't really hurt the overall game much, but the gumball machine is a total scam, and nothing more than a cash grab that you should avoid.
As someone enjoying the game as well, and was hoping to find more people to express that enjoyment with, I am thoroughly disappointed to see most of the people talking about the game are complaining. I get memeing issues, but a lot of people are just complaining about the same things, and only one of the things I have read was even really criticism. People complaining about server issues and such are annoying, the game just launched, I have never played a game that had a smooth launch, most COD games, which are Triple A games, have the worst launches known to man FOR MONTHS. For a game like this, on day one, to have server issues is not surprising to me at all, yet people are acting like it's the end of the game already. Let them iron out the issues.
Yeah, most people seem to fight there, and then just use the outer roof tops as a means to get the bots and orbs, or to run and recover, then converge back at the center.
I'm not a Zoomer, but thank you for assuming. It has nothing to do with who you vote for, I have no idea why you point out that your friends voted for Bernie, but alright. You can still vote for Bernie and be a complete moron. A large portion of the "Karen" archetype is more early Gen X and Boomers. According to a quick google search, the oldest Gen X is 55, with the youngest turning 40. I would say that most of these Karen figures fall under late 40s and older. Though, this is a character trait that is mostly just popular among entitled people, as millenials have also shown some signs of Karenism. But it is a far smaller number, and a majority of the freak outs from Karens fall under the older 2 generations. I don't really care if you're a progressive Gen X, or even Boomer, the older 2 generations house the most entitled people for some reason, so they get lumped together. Gen X is nowhere near as bad as Boomers, since all Gen X really has going for it (negatively) are Karens.
Stop making assumptions? You've called me a zoomer twice. And I didn't assume, I asked. I understand why, but like I said, I never claimed to have proof, but you aren't providing none of your own so you are the one wasting time here. Go ahead, or you could stop responding if you aren't going to say anything worth while.
For some reason there are a lot of rock-paper-scissors pros on this subreddit. But I think they are trying to indicate that with RPS in real life, you can read a person's body language. It's like poker, and pokerfaces.
Ooh, okay thanks
I love that you 3D chessed him by becoming his friend.
He totally was.
Who knows, maybe his car broke down, or maybe he was at a party/convention and his ride never showed so he walked to the nearest gas station to use their phone and grab some food or whatever. There are multiple good reasons he could have ended up carrying the sword in with him, dude probably spent a pretty penny on it, and didn't just want to leave it behind for it to get stolen. As far as I am aware, we never knew the reasoning.
Well, let's discuss this. He was most likely cosplaying [Mugen](https://i.imgur.com/sT8IJNh.jpg) from Samurai Champloo. Tbf there are a lot of inconsistencies with what he was wearing, and the character, so it is only a safe assumption, but there are plenty of other "lazy" character archetypes in anime and video games that dress a similar way, like [Auron](https://www.writeups.org/wp-content/uploads/Auron-Final-Fantasy-X-b.jpg) from Final Fantasy X. But we can also assume this was a closet cosplay (aka; budget cosplay). The most expensive piece on him was a real sword, which can go anywhere from $300 to $3000. Keep that in mind, because in the scenarios I am about to list, I doubt you'd want to leave something that you probably spent a lot of money on sitting somewhere someone could steal it. Maybe his motive has been proven by now, so feel free to correct me if I am wrong, I am just speculating, and none of this is fact. I just want to prompt people to have an open mind. So, what scenarios could cause him to walk into a gas station armed with a real sword, in cosplay attire, when there is seemingly no cosplayers around? Maybe there was a convention near-by, or even a small costume party, and he was suppose to get a ride, or his car wouldn't start. Now, seemingly the ideal thing to do would be to ask someone at the party/convention for help with a broken down car, but people don't often times think the most logically, or maybe he felt embarrassed, or had social anxiety, and didn't think to ask for help, or to use someone's phone, so he went to the nearest gas station to use the phone, bathroom, get some food/water, anything. He probably wasn't thinking properly because it's a katana, who tf robs a gas station with a katana? Another scenario would be maybe he was walking to a convention near by, and realized he forgot something at home, that was a part of his cosplay, or just anything. Maybe he even had to use the bathroom really bad, and felt he couldn't make it. Maybe he had a mental issue, and thought he was a badass ninja, and when confronted by a bunch of aggressive cops, started to swing. This still is no reason to shoot a man dead, a sword against a gun will always lose, no one is Obi Wan, no one can deflect a bullet in a situation like this. The proper response would have been to taze the man, confiscate his sword, and make a formal arrest. Instead, they chased the man with live ammo, and shot him 6 times, only 1 time is needed in any scenario similar to this, it's not like you are confronting an active shooting, he has a weeb sword. Now, maybe none of these scenarios are true, maybe the cops told the truth about him swinging the sword (even though it looks sheathed in the video of him running), but still before antagonizing and shooting someone, these are things a cop should consider. They shouldn't just whip out their guns and start blasting because someone has a sword. I also read that it was a replica sword, which are real sword, but they have a blunt edge. I have a few myself, they are cosplay pieces, and display pieces. I don't know if this is true for him, though, as my source was just one of the YouTube comments. There is also a comment here saying he made a post on Facebook that he had a real sword, and was going to get shot. So I think my mental disability scenario is probably the most real one if that is true.
I did state they were "well maybe" scenarios. Oh no, it's not a hard idea, but like I said if he didn't have access to a car, or a place to safely store it, where would he put it? If he just sat it down out front, it could get stolen. I'm not a cosplayer, I just like to approach things with an open mind. I don't really even mean just him, and this case, just as an on-looker looking in on any situation, and not being a part of the actual scenario, there are many more avenues to look at before you make your final judgement. I mean hell, I didn't think a scenario where people heard about a virus would make them all run to the store and buy out toilet paper in a panic, and then not even a month later say it isn't a big deal and masks were a tool of oppression. But here we are, now I believe any scenario is possible. But you are right about one thing, most conventions won't allow real swords into the building, but a local costume party would. What disproves that is that it is day time, and most parties are held at night. But someone pointed out that he had a mental break down of sorts, and posted on facebook that he had a sword, and was going to get shot.
I have to agree. I bought the pass, because some of the clothing there is pretty cool looking. But the gacha is a waste-land, it is pointless to buy from it since weapon skins are consumables. and the store is trying the Fortnite thing, where it rotates it's stock which prompts people to buy now since they don't know when it'll come back, but also to buy more because if I bought something yesterday, and something I want appears today, I buy it (I haven't yet, just an example). I think the pass is the best deal, since for $10 you get the pass, which gives you free Jala, and some decent looking gear. Plus if you get the starter pack with it, you get an extra outfit. And if you complete the pass, you should have enough jala to get the next new pass for free. But everything else shop wise feels lacking.
Okay, cool. They are still tricking you. League of legends is free, yet you can earn all the characters for free, and all of the skins can be bought direct without any tricks (aside from the exclusive or seasonal ones). Plus the characters already all look different enough, so you feel like you stand out in a match. This game went with the fortnite approach for their shop, which tricks people into buying now, or miss out on something you want, or buying more because you spent on something you didn't want to miss out on, and something new you want appeared.
And then left the chat when her second game came out
Too bad all the media actually does is report bullshit half the time. Most headlines are click bait, which leads to misinformation for people who only read headlines.
That's why I usually ignore those comments, or downvote them. The purpose of the downvote and upvote was to keep things relevant to the discussion visable, and drown out the low quality comments. I mean, at least the original intent, it has of course socially changed to just being a like and dislike button, but. And when I read replies to posts, I usually sort by hot or top, and only read a few comments down, because eventually you just get into the low quality toxic shit heads again.
