you know, some poor bastard with no knowledge of cars will fuck up and buy this
~~hot take~~, but they arent the best countries in the world edit: flaming hot, almost inconceivable take
if the saints lose today, then all is lost
who else #eaglegang
looks like the saints are trying the whole "special teams win games" approach.. has us all fooled
&gt;second half team &gt;high octane offense &gt;slow to start, quick to finish
the saints are two touchdowns and a fieldgoal away from making this an absolute thriller of a game
#the saints are a touchdown away from making me very happy
could the battery could be the trans could be a flooded engine could be a frozen pcv
lol baby boomers
NO MAS
i want to rip my eyes out,i cannot believe what i am seeing
SNEAD!!!!!!!!!!!
oh my fucking god
#SEND THEM TO THE PIT OF MISERY
#SAINTGANGORDIE
idk man, i just dont see him coming back from that
how he didnt get 100% is beyond me
that is ultimate
i like to call myself a memphibian
WEB WORK FUCKING LOL...
yeah i used to play this but for some reason you forgot to mention the name so i cant watch the videos thatwent along withh them
malaice?
men dont have sex and thats a great method of BC.. very effective edit: guy i was replying to said something around the lines of saying women could skip the cost of birth control simply by not having sex / being loose. i hate it when i see comments out of context and i just wanted to prevent my comment to be totally out of place.
man this is some good old fashion hostile yet friendly banter that some people dont really understand.. lets put it this way, you only yell at a guy like that unless you really respect him cause you know hes good and you know da rings arguement doesnt hurt him.. thats the beauty of sports man
IF THIS WAS 20 DOLLARS, I WOULD BUY IT. BUT ITS PROBABLY CLOSE TO 50 AFTER SHIPPING AND HANDLING
i miss james johnson.. and courtney lee.. and jeff green.. and basically anyone that led up to the monstrosity that is that absolutely useless black hole that is who ever plays sf now
why, yes, he couldve avoided jumping out the window, genius
i lafft
dang right here there was a nazi rally with flags? were they saying heil trump or something? seriously, way out of the loop here.. any literature i can read on it?
wheel wells, windows, engine, interior, indicators, lights, and finally, rims
fresh looking car dude
&gt; treat stupid people like the aggressively disabled hahah i laughed.. just at the though of treating a really stupid person as "aggressively disabled"
indeed, well personally im more of a tits guy, but i do love a great ass
i need someone to x/post this to /r/savedyouaclick so i know what 11 was. thanks
TIME TO JAGOFF
whats the score of this game after 2 quarters? i say 14-3, pats lead
im just gunna call it how i saw it, did brady need his left hand to help his right hand into his waist pocket? his thumb is defintely broken, hes probably playing with his hand completely numb
is it time to start calling blake bortles an elite quarterback?
i cant wait for the nfc championship i couldnt care lessabout this game.. the nfc championship is more up in the air. pray to god, for the love of all that is holy, that the fucking vikings lose
i hate the eagles, but the vikings beat us every fucking year for no reason. even if were actually good, they beat us.. i hate the vikings more than i hate the eagles.. i think among all the nfcleast teams, i hate the eagles the least.
dude what the fuck is up with these trippy honda accord commercials?
this game would be alot different if elite qb blake bortles was surrounded by talent
idk man, i had a tear in my eye after watching that hardcore pottery
LOOK! AN ACURA FUCKING COMMERCIAL IN A PACIFC RIM MOVIE, WOW THEYRE SO COOL I NEED AN ACURA..
BLAKE BORTLES WOULDVE MADE THAT PASS TO DIEON LEWIS #BRADY IS NOT ELITE COMPARED TO THE BORTBOT
BLAKE FUCKING BORTLES. REMEMBER THE NAME
dont chortle at the bortle
cant shake the blake
#JAGGING OFF
blake bortles is all in for the long con.. hes always been elite, just you havent known it.
blake bortles may be, dare i say, the next eli manning
whos this strumpet bard on the lute telling me to invest in nationwide insurance.. i want nothing but football
are you assuming gender?
the roughness was necessary.. i feel bad for gronk, but what can church do?
are you fucking serious
look at the ref laughing, like they knew exactly what they fucking did..
&gt;patriots &gt;bandwagon please rope yourself
oh boy, my man memelordharambe420, i hope i dint set you off your chain.. consider it dark humor
what are the odds gronk comes back?
its like the abarth version of bmw.. ummm.. normally run close to 15k-20k more than the actual car itself.. its like a swiss/DUB edition bmw very tight
#no context
thats crazy mate, thanks for the bit of clarity.. i wonder why they allow this. probably due to lack of comprehension
this is in DC next to the verison center. very cool building
lollollolololol
i couldnt help but to laugh.. he was going to crash anyway..it looks like you stole a kill from the pilot behind him too.. lol
this will be a stupid movie..
lol beetlejuice
its been going on all season.. you just now figuring this out? thing is, its not all teams. the griz dont have one.. neither do the pelicans i think
this guy i have full confidence was 100% fucking around
dude, no gianiss is bs
dude, i can just see that being a huge problem in the future
im happy for him dude
that collar pop.. euphoric
me? NAAAH.. also this is the 5th time ive seen the dank meme
i do, but i say i dont because of my imaginary money and freedom.. it would be great to share life with someone though
it would be really cool though
i am actually south american, and i just thought this was a predominantly ugandan website
best thing for me was the "do it for her" scene.. i dont even have kids.. or a gf or wife. it just struck a chord, cant really put it to words
quite frankly, i wouldnt even be upset.. i would immediatly get in a helocopter, and find the sniper that killed me, and crash into them
fuck you, tellers are sometimes obligated to have conversations, and will get shitty reviews if they dont sometimes
ex was a vikings fan, go pats
shane larkin!! wow now thats a name i thought i forgot about.. doing work against steph too, good for him
!redditgarlic
bamboo coon.. wow-wee
lol wanna bet?
the noise it makes is cool
!redditgarlic
last time i cried was when a family member died.. felt guilt i didnt do more to be with them. still makes me sad, but not a whole lot I can do about it so no sense continuing being sad.
someone losing their job because theyre confused on the status of their employment
im not rich, but if i ever was i would think its unfair people constantly ask for money. including family
fucking a
they may be able to do something like a title sponsorship for williams, and lets not totally poo poo the fact they could be heavily levered, meaning investors will want and do anything to make this work much like the early days of red bull
hoooly crap, i remember put putt and the differnt colors you could have on the car.. im gunna youtube vids of it now and ride the wave
i think greece should have a gran prix
use protection ;)
where are your stats
i have the original, try 4 times bigger
yeah, the thing is, the original isnt as hollow as youd expect.. a lot going on, took me forever to finish
if it had a base, then both.
beauty in the eye of the beholder
i hope she doesnt!:(
dude, be original
thats super!
except john daly launched it, phil just redirecteed it
i kinda wanna buy a sticker like this
ear buds
its fucking tinder, this girl has toxic pubes if shes like that
i mean, its tinder.. tinder m'lady.. tinder.. i feel like youre the type that uses the app for this purpose.
lost my grandmother on saturday.. sad, but more so for my mother
yeah.. it was weird she kept on saying she didnt have a mom anymore.. finding her dead was the worst for me though.
it was clearly implied he was referring to his testicles.
aubergine: nounBRITISH another term for eggplant. a dark purple color like that of eggplant.
the music... legendary.. fucking terrible game though
burried in those tits
white dress after a breakup like come on
this is a s54 engine with obviosuly a custom air intake, anyone know what type?
he has such similiar instinctual reactions to humans its crazy
why
photoshop
its not racism, its because hes the US president.. lots of former presidents were shot in public, and you know werent black
wallace needed this
hes like porzingus
oh look, another "fuck trump" post.. any way I can filter these out? so fucking annoying
nice banksy impersonation also, life is what you make of it.. instead of seeing work as a task, see it as an adventure.. to learn something new.. to grow and thrive.. to imerse yourself in whatever you do and then youll start winning and then youll start to succeed.
im a firm believer that if you dont like your situation, do something about it
hes halo? my dude, did you ever play the game? halo is the world master chief was on
i get what you mean but mediocre actually is synonymous with average.. but i understand your thought process
guys whats happening to urban meyer after this?
that dude was totally gassed
#T THE
cripplingly single lmao
im here to share
yes, quite tasty
its all about finding a balance
im not an animal, is it good?
scrambled, i cook the bacon, then use the grease with the eggs. i put pepper in the eggs before cooking. im a purist, and have never done that.. ive already wrapped it in tin foil for a final mesh, but I will try mayo.. already tried it with tobasco.. its like ok..
LOL, whoever i get will get the joys of my dank ASF BECs.. they already dont know how lucky they are
LOL
#for those wanting pictures of my Bacon Egg and Cheese Ive been getting quite a few DM's on what my BEC looks like well, wait no further [Here is it](https://imgur.com/a/GpeaVUs) Ingredients: Bread, Cheese, Bacon, Eggs
it really is gods gift
thicc bacon, keep on iron skillet, 4 slices, 2 eggs (add pepper in eggs before scrambling), two slices of bread, buttered, toasted, kraft singles. cooking order bread, bacon, eggs... after im done with the bread, i allow the cheese to lightly melt and warm while i cook everything else.. I use the grease from the bacon to cook eggs ( i also lightly get rid of excess grease) wrap in aluminium foil let sit for like a minute or two to allow the cheese to soften and get all the flavors together. also, use some sort of wrap (in this case, foil) to reduce spillage and it also reduces messiness.
i think the pink is neat
i bet youre a giants fan.. just kidding.. youre a niners fan.. sorry bro
how much would you pay for a B1G BEC?
my ingredient were roughly 2 bucks.. thats incredible.. 3 dollar BEC.. where im from you only find that shit at micky ds
THANK YOU LORD PEPPER IN GIVING ME, CALEB^TM , A YOUNG MILLENIAL^TM , AN OPPORTUNITY^C , TO "CHANGE THE WORLD"^RM
fuck dr pepper, i play powerball
its beneath the armpit
lmao ok sorry
how does this injury effect dr pepper sales? probably good, right? also, cant hurt to have progressive insurance, you know, just in case
oh man, have you heard about the new spiderman movie? shit i need to get to ebay.. i hate my hair, its so full of flakes.. wow!!! look a GMC!!! im gunna get one LIKE A PRO!! i love dinali's.. I can use it to driveto wendys.. wow that new fight looks great. FOX PBC.. ok.. oh look DISCOVER game break.. Is this the B1G ?????
they are like gold stars for whenever they do something good in practice.. theyre handed out liberally..
these guys youre playing are straight trash
that doctor should be reviewed
lacrosse is a sport where they take metal sticks and beat the shit out of each other.. how is that not "manly," as implied in the dr douchebag commercial
glow1:wave:buying gf
is it true that whoever wins this gets a free dr. pepper?
dang, that sucks for nothwestern players.. they'll never experience the cool refresshing taste of dr pepper^tm after a B10 championship win
pee in her mouth and assert dominance
no, it was the guy from MSU i think
i cant wait for espn next week.. itll be alabama, alabama, ohio state, but look at OU!!! alabama, golden state warriors, golden state warriors, houston rockets, alabama, baker mayfield, OU!!! OU!! college football playoffs. golden state, giannis, cowboys, jerrry jones, OU. "georgia blues". thats what will be on ESPN next week.
fuck me... youre god damn right.
DID YOU KNOW: alabama won the SEC with JALEN HUNT!!!!!
I want hawkins to say "I was told there was going to be Dr. Pepper^tm "
i meant hauskons
win or lose, [i still had a BEC](https://imgur.com/a/GpeaVUs)
the great was hilarious, but what about the gags? (movies)
without a doubt, there was something lost in translation lol
the playback for me looks like youve had a ton of bottles of skooma
remember those stinger missiles in call of duty?
this happens everywhere I go
me too man, thats what i thought of when i saw this post
so, from what i can tell his mods most likely incllude 1. completely modded exhaust, headers to tips. at the very least a cat delete 2. 100% new throttle bodies to stand the 3. custom fuel pump and injectors 4. running incredibly rich.. although this looks super dank, and im mirin, this is like how to destroy an engine 101.. youre making a bigger combustion than needed in the cars engine.. but, it looks fucking so dope
hey there, i know how you feel.. i got a pup.. however, sometimes even though shit seems tough now, you can always find something good in the world
red dead redemption 2, arthurs doing pretty good but i have tb and im about to die
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x92Dzl0trhU
this is in a new york subway if i remember correctly
its true. i agree. but then you start bringing up where are you from in america? etc etc.
cheat code, idk what for though
no worries!! all is good
you know, i feel like she said this so that OP would reach out to her.. reach out to your grandparents.
they sold out for 1.7.. thats how much the land was worth to them
&gt; onefa what
im sorry, but a black was killed. regardless of the race of the suspect, how is this christmas? how is it christmas that a white cop killed a black? its sad, its not a gift. its not peace on earth.. is sad.
artie was such a funny part of the show.. the show turned on him because of a drug.. sad.
hahahahaaaaa or indiana! or Memphis! or any other B12, B10, SEC, ACC team.. theres just no way you can justifiably rank furman this high with the caliber of teams theyve played.. on the flip side, let them be, this is all theyll have and probaly hang a banner for this
im not mad, im not sad. its actually a mix of being impressed with your teams ability to make it to the top 25 with such shit wins overall, and overall laughability with the AP.. goo 4 u FU.. goo 4 u, Roll Dins
FUCK DUDE that looks dank.. nice work!
anti-matter
ba-zinga!
thought hoiberg was seriously impressive this season, considering how fucking awful the team is.. seem like this is always the case though.. bulls ownership has been wacky lately too
im thrilled my paycheck goes to people who dont legally live here.. muh refugees. muh heart strings..
good to hear juwan is okie dokie
its finals week, right?
man that girl in the crowd.. shut it off, please
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa *breathes* wuuuuuuuuhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
he has a broken dislocated blistered thunb
KD is actually very skinny.. like, im pretty sure i could kick his ass
politics
cashman hired boone.. fired the joes. dare i say ruined the yankees.
&gt; TRADE JUDGE FOR KLUBE the fuck
all star acustic cover is what i didnt know i needed in my life haha..
i heard this one time sitting down at a camp, so can confirm the red harlow thing.. not sure about pig josh and everyone else..
it looks photoshopped
Cool man!!!
dude he is like insanely aggressive
this guys gunna do well here
11 upvotes. yeet my dude
this is a good game to watch too.. NBA sees jokim noah for the first time in a while, 2 seed vs 6 seed, very well could be a look at the first round playoffs.
yeah
Im not toally sure dude, arthur is like around 30 when rdr2 comes out.. johns like early 20s.. soo.. arthur around 20.. that would leave us in 1880. prime time for native american wars.. western expansion.. oregon trail shit.. jesse james era.. spanish gold (like in gun) essentially it would be the highlight of the western era.. and they could use new austin to bridge the gap between all the games.. expand west of new austin like they did with new hanover west elizabeth etc etc.. I could dig it.. except i dont think it'd be right for arthur to kill him.. red, according to lore, was a good guy forced to face evil (theme of the rdr series)
nice brah.. im gunna do this
nice, just like americans in college.. my type of people
has being a fan of the memphis grizzlies become a meme?
just a question, from someone who doesnt know much of BMW lore.. is this not the e46 GTR hood?
Dogs :)
elon musk won lol
enjoyed this, please make more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
honestly they did such a fansastic job parking it that i must give them a benefit of the doubt here
unbelievably true
the message is good natured.. and honestly, the brand equity of tesla will most likely never fall.. you have to love what hes doing right now
this is sometimes refered to as the better sex
oh no.. :(
fuck you whistleblowers, my stock options and retirement are declining!
i think its mainly because it was pushed by a main stream attempt to stop people from saying merry christmas.. but it aint really a problem
hawks fucked the grizzlies and themselves by giving up trae young for him.. nEvAr 4gHetTi
this guy hits his wife.. what the fuck dude
dude! yes, thank you! It is how ive been the past year
the rams look a little cold right now
thats it, thank you it was driving me insane
today is a fantastic day of football.. we were really lucky to have witnessed the largest win in giants history since 2015..
damn dude
simmer down now, son. the gants will eliminate them in the NFC champ after their wildcard win streak that started today
go for the field goal
#######BEARS
there is nothing to understand. we are ELIte
what are you talking about lol? if you like blood and shit, you shouldve watched the boys and birds game, everyone was getting turf burn
jared godd is not overrated
BETTER THAN MIKE DITKA
hey man, welcome to the club
was that the last game of the day?
football is amazing.. brings so many people together on so many different levels.. like think about it.. we're all friends here.. chatting about sports. men, women, all different races.. we're the real winners here.. and so are the giants, because today, thanks to transitive property, the New York football giants are the best team in the NFL today..
that team is being assaulted by the front office, i wouldnt be to scared of them
got me to genuinely lol with the title man nice
hes a leader.. its honestly the anti odell. or perhaps the influence odell needs
:(
yeah... this was best britney era too.
man, like youll never gunna be able to fix your marriage, some dude is fucking your mom and your wife.
hahahahahahhahahahaha dude
im just glad we live in an era where new york sports teams dont have contriversial names. another reason the giants are the best team in the NFC EAST
OOOOKKKAAYY THEN
lest we forget the yankees are driving up these prices..
this is fucking retarded
this is false. cashman needs to be exposed.
i fucking hate it when anyone calls me a dad with my dog.. no.. im a friend.. a caring friend, not a dad.
its another day to me my mom told me to beg for my ex to come back. my grandfather died on christmas morning. its just not anything special
looooooooooooooooooooool
the story wont be grizzlies beat the trailblazers. itll be the trailblazers lost to the grizzlies.. does that make sense?
its contained chaos.. let him score all the points..
i think it was pretty fucking dumb to say that.. the earth flat thing is one thing, not landing on the moon opens up a can of worms
i want the griz to have one man, why can we have cool shit too
pretty christian
love these vintage early 2010's memes
what does he say about the giants playoff chances
RIP
ah, one of controversy are we
i've never donated to wiki, why is it a bad idea though?
:/
im late, however, furman university has ABSOLUTELY NO BUSINESS being in the top 25.. can we PLEASE end this meme.. im not hating, except i am. youre only "quality win" is against villanova.. what happens when you suffer a """""""""""""quality loss""""""""""""""
can i ask a question? why has it taken them so long to make this happen? theyve been talking about this since i can remember
quick reminder that trump decreased the defense budget, increased NASA budget, and also wants to protect our borders from the fucking cartel.. personally, i find my taxes going to that better than it going to some lazy schmuck and their GI social security while they play PUBG
i know its splitting hairs, but the trade tarrifs we imposed on mexico sure has them playing for something
meaning less of a demand on mexican goods. which hurts mexican industry
NOT A MENTAL ILLNESS
&gt; Democrats and Republicans alike do not want to actually solve the problem of illegal immigration, because they would lose a hot topic to campaign on for reelection. truly a bi-partisan issue!
its going to be that and china..
dude, get real, this is fucked.. a bit more fucked than a hair transplant or rhinoplasty..
i dont hate them, but, in a crude sense they *do* chop their ding dongs off and mutilate their body.. am I wrong? I mean, I may be an ass hole, but *am i wrong*? and to address your second question, I dont appreciate mental illnesses being normalized.
not hateful.. no. in fact ive had more people tell me to go fuck myself, which i consider a hateful thing. I've just said transgender people are mentally ill.
T = transgender
i dont hate them, i just dont think a mental illness should be normalized.. id like to reiterate people with mental illnesses arent *bad*.. and I'm not violent towards anyone. and im not a transphobe.. im not scared of transgenders lol
get in the best shape of my life
called ironic humor, cmon
&gt; Use the left lane only if you're the fastest guy, or passing. Otherwise, move right. stuck behind one motherfucker for 10 minutes on the far left lane. no one in front. fuck him and his stupid ass honda element.
this guy is a fuckin legend
im not the biggest fan either, however hes led the grizzlies to many MANY playoffs, and im sure he conveyed the right message this time.. other gms are pointing fingers on him because they hadnt done their research
fuckin weird dude
its so sad though.. two humans who had their lives cut short after a breath of air.. like, im personally fundamentally against it, but at the very least get an abortion. it is so sad. it was a human baby.. completely innocent and pure
why
arabs
whats the difference
&gt; He doesn't get bullied, but he said that they have teased him for being circumcised and here i am, years older, getting shamed by my friends for having a noodle dick from indiana university.
i dont get it, its like the mom needs validation, aka the baby to cry, in order to stop talking to it.. weird
INside her about 600 times before she broke up with me and told everyone i was uncircumcised.
good win against butler.. yeah theres other guys who care about how your dick look.. especially at sig chi
just, that ass dued.. slap it
the song before the commercial break what hey ho
i think the mother was egging for a reaction
BAKER MAYFIELD
you can tell baker likes natty light by the throws he makes
case keenum eats plastic
whyd she match you if shes gunna be so fucking boring.. what are men, entertainers to women? is that it?
yeah thats a 330 ci or whatever this is an m4 hard top conv..
lebron james is a Big Baller
had a hearty laff, i did.. mission accomplished
what the fuck are they doing showing our offense
he managed to get a 1 yard td.. breakout performance
russel shepard?
oh yeah, forgot about him lol
aquaman looks about as the giants do right now naturally, everyone wants them to do well, but they just arent
the cleaner, shaven version of marcus
really gets your noggin joggin
refs: ass announcers: ass weather: ass this is the ass game
i just want to watch a fair game here, and the refs are incapable of calling one
dont confuse ass with booty
coleman got lit up, damn... nice catch
you wanted a fair game, and youre not getting it..
wait until you see who our line coach is
just saying
DIXON HASNT GIVEN UP FELLAS
Greg Gumbel, Trent Green, Bruce Arians those are the announcers
giants arent out of the playoffs yet
haha.. sports ..
you know, come to think of it.. its hard being an NFL announcer.. you always have ass holes like me criticizing..
heh
can anyone attest for the quality the air french fry thing is they sell at target?
like what is survivor other than a modern day popularity contest
giants football
looks like he touched the facemask, then got the shoulder
rainy and 14mph wind and likely fucking cold. even one of the best quarterbacks in the league, eli manning, is having problems
we're playing refball now.
how fucking frustrating is this..
i mean sure youre winning, but its not looking great for the titans either with all the injuries
garbage time stats
derek "titans offense" henry
this fucking offensive line of ours.. i just dont know
it doesnt even matter
225 yards now.. 1 interception, 1 fumble.. if he was given the ball at better positions it would be a different ballgame.. our defense has been gassed since the 1st
last 2 of the season right here
fox announcer are literally the best..
sad day for me today.. dont know who i should root for.. has to be an afc team.. am I a pats fan today?
fuck i just remembered the browns are still on their playoff run... lets go browns
jimmy garopallo shouldve been a giant, dont @ me
wow wee
either the seahawks didnt come to play, or the 9ers are having a probowl performance day
if something happens to ron rivera after this season, in terms of his coaching status at the panthers, i will be exceedingly fucking pissed.. ron rivera isnt the problem.. i think coaches get too much shit when it comes to team performance
its unfair for people to suggest rivera is out
you just KNOW she had sex that day
question: when the tiger becomes old, does it attack/
dude died in a car crash and honestly is a MASSIVE reason why euro bb is so big.. thats why hes BASKETBALL hof.. not NBA.. basketball..
having a vocabulary doesnt make you smart
great look homie, classic. regal. doesnt get better
really man that is so cool!
exactly what i was thinking, but it appears we have been bamboozeled
but, 6 figures
when they started cussing at each other i got up from my seat
i felt this
hes good
then you got the classic /r/NBA frequents here, good too see you again big fella
makes me fucking uncomfortable but honestly not sure why
jesus.. 25..
he was so good for the pats too
holy fuck is this in game footage?? it looks, brace for it, *better, if not as fucking good* as the movie was.. i love the future
its funiculi funicula, anyone whos wondering the song name
ugh dude this shit pisses me off in the morning honestly..
omg literally going sideway on an empty highway..
#S E C
we dont know what let to it, however pretty fucking dumb reason
they'll be at the post game thread feeling malicious vindication against our indiana basketball hoosiers
do you have the xenon lamps that track the road? 1. how olds the battery? depending on how many owners and whether or not youve actually replaced the battery that could be an issue.. 2. could be broke. no one wants to hear that with the xenon road trackers. were talking 1.2k EACH for OEM last time i checked.
look at this LOCKDOWN dolphin defense, I cannot believe the B10 considers themselves P5 conference for basketball when we all know the ATLANTIC SUN is the way of the future
down by 10, aint nothing
solid rebounds,
as you can see, with my flair, i am a die hard jaxfins fan
i have no idea what youre alluding to, i bleed green and white.. no bamboozle
ok, so were down by 14, id like to turn to an example that keeps me going.. do you remember when nevada beat new mexico state? they were down 14.. theres HOPE.. youve got to have FAITH
fresh fish.. Id say given your location in the country, your local McDonalds Fish o Fillet is the best youll get *sick burn*
a whole bag of them for that matter!
[I see what you did there!](https://media.giphy.com/media/90F8aUepslB84/giphy.gif)
high key, I'm gunna break the LARP as a jaxfins fan and say i actually had no idea this was even a theory.. very cool!
that stuck with you then hahaha all i remember were the fucking glaciers
the N$F$L$
this is our Quality Loss
destruction
im sorry but eli manning has had shit slung onto him for the past 5 years.. dude consistently throws 150 yards or more every game, and is top 10 all time in yards.. i think hes like at 7 or 6
superb chain of events
HOG MOLLIE
yall better vote for hump day gieco.com/bestof
no it was not
damn
this team, regardless of how great saquan is, is still a pass first offense.. just look at the numbers
hahahahahahh jokes on those bitches.. im 5'11" and my girl thinks im tall!
what a snag by ty hilton, looked overthrown
haha Okkkk
astroturfed? you mean fake accounts right?
i want the colts to experience what it feels like to come so close
LOL
teach a man to fish, he can feed himself for years. give a man a fish, he learns nothing.. in otherwords, if you want to make an impact of their lives, do something that will help them get better as humans.. dont just give. give smart. it helps society
this happened the other night to me.. next night she just wanted it raw.. 🤷‍♂️
thats true.. having said that i really dig her
lmao
hahahahahaaaa
is it though? debateable, honestly.. i wouldnt say that, id say the m4 is more of the old m3 cause it like has the same presence as the old m3.
pretty trashy looking, but do what you want homeboy, its not my car
what is the home country
another "griz are underrated" thread.. thats the meme.
dude is tua gunna play and if so, is it smart? like this surgery he had, it just seems like alot to go through and then play at a high caliber..
alabama broke college football.. theyre so good every single year
i was told this was going to be a competitive game
that was straight up so dirty. filthy.. nasty.. disgusting cock back and slam..
swaggy p... damn.. no we dont need him, really..
you are lots of fun at parties
g man fan here.. fucking nice
&gt;!W!&lt;&gt;!o!&lt;&gt;!m!&lt;&gt;!e!&lt;&gt;!n!&lt;
this is a 360 controller...? why not use a contemporary console controller?
Hi! i work for ferrari. today is ur lucky day! ur hired!
whos your hadaddi
how about no lol
"A bit outside the box" this guy makes professional umping look bad
:D
excellent story my friend, really literary art. very creative!
there are so many better options for 175k, not even meming honestly though, if you like cars, you wouldnt spend this much on a hybrid
hes right, you know
you have fucking vegas and not memphis. yikes
i mean if it was a random dude in a suit we wouldnt be complaining - just doing his job.. idkkkkk
indeed -i live in america and know all the places to get spanikopita
nice fucking macro dude
power - he feels powerful.
wc lvl?
i guess its a sign of the times, ut no ones about to mention captain jenks oj simpson call, which was literally the biggest prank call of all time?
lol
honestly man, breaking racing into girls and boys just does a disservice to girls.
you dont wanna follow that act man.. altough i suppose they said the same thing aout bill and parcells.. i see him going to the giants
isnt it like the poe is the voice of god?
the sheer amount of IQ it took to perfectly predict this is wild
mental disabilities are inherited
NTA - pack your shit up and leave man, she isnt worth the abusive behavior.
for some reason i find the medic car more impressive, i mean its not going f1 speed but its still hauling some ass
NITRO GLYCERIN!!!!!!!
barbour
try calling them or Burberry.. those guys have a long standing tradition in racing and have continuously provided some of the top British teams quality racing jackets throughout the years. in the late 50s early 60s there were many people who actually made incredible jackets. [exhibit 1](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/b2/fd/98/b2fd98c013b0a7ad61a256d2bebab551.jpg) [e xhibit 2](https://i.ebayimg.com/thumbs/images/m/m3Dc32PPi852UcRN0vcRpbg/s-l225.jpg) I would also try /r/GarmentArchives or /r/jackets for more insight. But overall i think it might be an important point to make that I have absolutely no clue where to find a custom vendor . bro what is you doing asking formula one about fashion?
i always thought they served more as giant billboards than actual aero
i cant remember, there arent any similiarities between the two quest, are there? except food.
this looks like an elder scrolls NPC but like set in the future somehow
Imagine bullying an intern as a GM. lol
gow about coach the g men, im sure you cant be worse than what we have now
you know what they say about big exhaust... ...small peen. thats what they say
the refs are actually doing everything they can to fuck indiana
im not surprised, iu is good this year.. coaches wont rank em though.. unreal
that is fucking cool man
im just here for the memes.. :)
local government issue not a fema issue
i think is it possible to buy computers off of itunes?
saw this for sale on vin wiki, looked like owners bought a yellow car and fixed it up like this
howd you get the shader?
unreal
rod bearings
completely fucked engine lol
this guy like believes way way way to highly of himself.. yall, this dude actually thinks lewis gives a fuck about him.. hilarious.
lmao why the fuck do they need to be bullied into talking about something they most likely have nothing to do with? honestly..
its just stupid cause youre acting like playing with a shotgun is tiugh on these close proxy maps
certainly a pretty looking craft.. id argue the senna mclaren or hamilton merc to be up ther as well.
what the FUCK
are you black?
you probably liked that chick.. hey man, move on.. you wouldnt wanna procreate with someone who thinks so low of people
theyre kinda in a damned if you do damed if you dont situation
i dont see the problem with this gun, the other 2 are harder to get gold anyway
no way that has to be concept
now you know why america is number 1.
kinda retarded
AHAHAHAHAHAAAAA dude i actually fucking laughed
coalition my guy - austria
ive been getting 3 stars but only 5500 x 2
i wouldnt do them must be a glitch - try restartinf game
shes pretty hot dude
thats not the only warzone challenge too btw
the sim is cool but what a view my dude
they are
thanks bud!
this would be excellent for search
How many times is this guy gunna ask the question? before it starts just getting shadow bannded
"who else wants to pay money for a gun without a camo" get a load of this guy!
10v10
tough work making sure shits real and what not. thanks man.
dude, theres plenty of girls your age w/o kids.
why wasnt it put into place?
yeah you know, just trying to understand the full context, fuck me right?
wow its almost as if... no it couldnt be.. cant be a modded controller or a macro.. no way man.. couldnt be.
except you do.. and lying about it on a Chinese basket weaving forum for fake internet tendies isnt gunna change that fact.
whatever man, you dont have me fooled..
classic response, its not a compliment by the way.
yea bye cheater.
see hes already claimed he hasnt remapped his controller
ok.
ah i see.. yeah ill give it a shot
thats what im sayinng
lmao
marshal*
is this an advertisement for the coronusmax/ coronus zen? lol
