Thank God for the curated catalog. I'm so sick of being forced to dig through trash bins to find good games among stuff that never should have been released.
Actually I think it's a shot at app stores in general. This is eventually intended to buck the Android store as well.
I just hope that the end game world where you can build forever has some monsters and bosses and other reasons to make a good base. It wasn't as fun building cool stuff without any monsters to challenge it or quests to work toward.
They've needed something for a while to safeguard boost purchases that don't get used, I think your situation is the perfect example why. It would be better if it worked like a limited warranty; X days or Y games played, whichever comes last. As it is I rarely but them because I worry it adds unnecessary stress to play when I don't want to just to get value out of it.
I think most games are determined before they even begin, that's just how it is unfortunately. Not thrilled with how it balances teams but I don't necessarily think it's important to change.
Actually I don't think you'd win 50% of your matches until you had a few hundred games under your belt. It doesn't weigh heavily for skill and compositions can greatly change the scales if the best player for instance is stuck on ETC or something. Losing 8/10 is probably some amount of skill, but now likely just awful luck. What heroes are you picking exactly?
I thought I didn't either but after sinking like a goddamn stone for the 50th time for even looking at the water I decided I didn't hate myself enough to keep the punishment going.
No we won't. Most people already have Origin, Steam, and Blizzard launchers at this point. It's no longer a big deal to add another like it was when Steam was the only good choice.
I would read news articles written in your style.
VGA is going to be much more prone to hardware failure than HDMI thanks to using an analog signal. Any defects, slight bend in a wire, etc can add noise and cut the connection. If you can avoid VGA entirely somehow I'd recommend it.
If you avoid him long enough eventually he loses it 🙂
I think the intent with that one was forcing you to level a spirit and brute force the whole thing. When I went back with a better counter spirit it was a breeze.
Once you clear the first few stages you can start picking different paths to walk around. All of the crazy stages are on optional routes you can ignore the first time you go through.
If it worked that way then the President's political opponents could just could lobbing felony accusations until something stuck, and can you imagine what GOP would have done during Obama years if they could have hauled him into court for something like that? Most sitting Presidents need some amount of protection from issues that would be more harshly applied to any other citizen. Only reason its crazy now is because the felony is serious. In the past it keeps them capable of doing their job.
That doesn't make any sense in reality where being president is literally the hardest job in the world dude. Cool the crazy.
Downvote this astroturfing moron.
Yeah he basically described me. Skipped the Wii U and so anything they port is new to me.
The challenge is if they have a high health tank it can be difficult to land any shots that actually impact the game. Yeah you get piercing late game but by then the damage is hard to reverse. Often times I'll have extremely high damage from whacking tanks and occasionally out of line healers, but still lose due to most of the damage being inconsequential.
You're making the assertion that all games across all levels have somehow been artificially leveled out when there's zero evidence to support it. I was only commenting on how hero league in particular should ideally work.
Yeah that's not actually what happens. Nobody likes stomps. You're just weirdly conditioned to defend them because you dislike change.
I've had plenty of stomps in QM since the patch hit. Play the actual game.
I almost always enjoy reworks. Looking forward to it.
You can do well with Mac by just using his dash attack for damage and then landing a single smash. I dunno what it is about his smash, but there's no other character I've played who can just spam it as the answer to every situation. I can typically knock out enemies with a smash at about 65%. Does great damage in stamina battles as well. He just seems great for noobs like me who don't know how to smash Bros good.
Oh apologies, I was mainly referring to adventure mode and spirit battles. I'm garbage with him in real people game modes 🙂
Did not know that! That actually helps a ton knowing I'm making some progress for next time! Thank you :)
I bought one just for smash. Very happy with the decision.
Really depends how much memory you've got in your system and video card. With enough RAM you won't be reading and writing from hard drive except maybe during launch.
What? There's zero reason to bring region into this. Terraria developer has been working on it for like six years? Blizzard just patched Warcraft III. Good devs are good devs.
I love that, but unfortunately it's also a cess pool of echo chambers to reinforce poorly thought out ideas. Things like "cultural appropriation" makes so much sense when a million people reblog your posts, but nobody actually stops to look for a victim. If you could take Tumblr and somehow inject a little healthy skepticism it could be something great.
Exactly. This isn't what most people think it is; she wasn't trying to hide her Russian affiliations, rather she was spinning it to appear as an ally and friend of the people. She also was working well outside the scope of what was asked of her by the Russian government, hence why she was allowed to be caught.
New York times covered it a few months ago on their podcast, but basically she was continuously putting herself in the spotlight and directly introducing herself to leaders instead of following the usual route of working your way up naturally within an organization to avoid raising suspicions. She was trying to make a name for herself in Russia.
Maybe I picked awful wording, but essentially she had been instructed to plant herself within organizations like the NRA and quietly rise within their ranks or send whatever information she could. Instead she would often make high profile friends and invite herself to events to make a big impression. She wanted to be too valuable too quickly.
Please re-read what I wrote.
It's from the people who made Hyper Dimension Neptune and is basically more of the same. If you're not familiar it breaks down like this: - Awful dialogue - Awful characters - Pretty fun, snappy battle system - Half naked characters - Tons of things to grind for, craft, and unlock TL;DR; very fun if you like grinding in RPGs to level up and unlock things, but otherwise it's just gonna be a genetic anime game.
I just uninstalled the launcher. They killed SC2, then Diablo, then Heroes. I can't do it anymore.
That doesn't make any sense. Go sit in the corner.
That's not how the stock market works.
Why do you keep leaving all your shit at your friend's house? It's almost like you're baiting them into these situations because it's so easy to fix by not leaving it there. YTA.
YTA. How does she have all these communication channels? What the hell is glomming? You've twisted this story clearly to paint her in a bad light without really explaining anything about yourself.
Turn off the porn dude and bang your girlfriend.
No, you are not a nice guy for knowingly instigating situations that let you be a victim. There's absolutely no reason for you to leave your stuff at their house. I don't know anyone that does that.
Don't handle it. Take your share and your beer with you when you leave. No drama.
This message seems genuine. He's just being honest that it sucks, he's sad, and he also wanted the HGC. But he's also saying they're free to pursue opportunities they couldn't because of catering to the pros. What I'm reading between the lines is they're going the SC2 route and dedicating themselves to things like fan service and stuff the general audience likes more than pro play. Or that they're focusing on something that isn't related to pro play.
Hey I love the quick match changes what's up? Well the solo stuff anyway. The group stuff looks frustrating.
I want Murky to look tame in comparison. Tassadar should explode after archon ends, Nova should get a proper nuke with a low cool down and long cast time, Deckard should be dropping loot when he dies. By the time this game is done right every hero should be ridiculously OP and unrecognizable from their boring vanilla forms.
YTA. You really don't need a reason for why someone doesn't want to do something. Just accept their answer and move on without them.
YTA. How would you like him faking it? Faking being nice to you? Faking caring about you? And it doesn't really help anything. Very silly thing to lie about.
NP
YTA for putting up with it and resenting her instead of just doing what you think is right. I have a partner who also frequently asks for things in the kitchen and I work quite a bit-- but I enjoy doing it for them, otherwise I would refuse. Sometimes I don't feel like cooking and I'll just accept ordering pizza if they don't want to cook or do dishes either. It's only as bad as you let it be. Don't let the things you want be considered lower priority. Also the conditions is a really stupid excuse. If you have a diagnosis then get medication. If you don't then find a better reason.
NTA. Get the fuck out of that relationship, you're being gaslighted dude.
I don't think it's a minority unfortunately, but I also don't think it's a killing blow to the game if they change how they develop to match the new smaller audience.
It would also be creepy if one of them was Jared from Subway. This is fun.
Reading comprehension man. It is valuable to know the devs themselves are in the dark as much as we are. It means even in the best possible circumstance we should not expect good news for a week or two.
They know. They don't care because this audience has never been profitable compared to mobile and the yearly shooters crowd. We don't even measure up to a fraction of how much value those players offer.
I can't do last hitting and hour long games. If just those two things went away I could stomach the other problems with other MOBAs.
Ehh. They tried bringing it back once and it wasn't great. Unfortunately I think they lack the talent to really do the game justice these days.
Toby Froud actually lives in the Portland/Hillsboro area in Oregon, and a few years back I heard from a friend who worked in stage theater in the city, that he'd met Toby Froud (the baby from Labyrinth, and Brian Froud's son) and the kid was talking about a potential reboot of either Labyrinth or Dark Crystal...
Changes to companies like this don't happen quickly. It's a chain reaction starting from the top that works it's way down over the course of years. The CEO demands slightly more accountability in profits every year. Priority on hiring slowly becomes more about people with proven profit backgrounds in things like marketing and sales. Salaries for developers stagnate, leading to the talent pool watering down and the recruitment of mediocre developers. Success stops being measured in review scores and fan enthusiasm; it's measured strictly in dollars. Eventually it's 10 years later and your devs aren't as talented as they used to be, nobody is motivated to stay because of low wages, all the best people have left to pursue their passions and got replaced with generic sales managers, and the only thing left of the original company is the hollowed out brand. Of particular note is that all the decision making is no longer handled by the same people who make the awesome games. The decisions are now being handled by unqualified managers who make careers out of sucking on salaries at big companies until they're no longer allowed to.
I mean what is there to really celebrate these days? All the people we liked moved on and they shelved all the games we like to play except Overwatch. I'm sure they'll host another but I'm not sure why anyone should be excited anymore like they used to be.
Not that I disagree but production already slowed down, missed your window did that particular qualifier.
DotA has grown a lot, but game times isn't the only reason people don't like it. Items are artificial difficulty that don't really add complexity to the game so much as it traps noobs into picking bad ones. Last-hitting is an irritating mechanic that isn't fun to play for 20 minutes waiting for real gameplay to happen.
I think the difference is Fortnite charges explicitly for the dance. Most games just add it as a free extra of some sort.
I didn't say it did.
Or you're nitpicking irrelevant details to defend a giant game company free of charge.
False complexity. But I don't think you'll be able to really understand that either.
I dunno. Something feels lame about the necessity of "saving" a game from its own developers. Any revival of the game will require at minimum people spend money on it, and why on earth should anyone reward Blizzard for trying to smother a game people loved?
Just because they deny it doesn't mean it is not the case. If it was just a few inconsequential people being moved they would not have felt the need to announce it. Only reason to sign up for all this horrible PR is because it was a significant movement of resources that they don't intent to give back.
Profitability wasn't the problem. Growth was the problem. Gems don't really address that. The game has been plenty profitable to Blizzard.
Is it adding more progression content or mostly quality of life things? Mixture of both?
I'm excited!! Thank you for the update!
Because the first one was tone deaf and the second was intended to correct it. When it was apparent both just added fuel to the fire they went silent.
I'm so confused how the internet decided that "realistic" wasn't a good enough word to decide something looked real.
Compared to... What other kind of realism?
I would like to have your level of denial. Even in my QM games people are basically saying the game is dead. Rumor mill got started quick thanks to Blizzard not putting anything in the actual game.
I worry about my kid walking around the house with an expensive device housed in cardboard and breaking something.
If you design the game around QM, it is not surprising you will get more QM games than other types. If you similarly designed it around UD (as many other games have done) you will see those modes thrive. It's whatever Blizzard wants to push.
My GM brother makes life hell whether we party up because for some reason we lose every single game together when the system over corrects for his skill by giving us three useless players. I don't know what the answer to that is but man it's frustrating that the match making system is essentially why I don't like playing with him.
What? Did you read the second half of the post?
He's not hard to beat though. He's a giant walking target with no escapes.
Old story dungeons are extremely easy though, so it's not like you're going to be wiping because of that.
It didn't before Activision merged in. That's why people are upset.
They basically have done that. I'm keeping my ears open for Ben Brode's new project and Path of Exile was founded by several key Diablo II developers. It's better to track developers these days than companies.
They're still around as various development and management roles. Unfortunately the decision makers are people with no business ordering the old guard around.
What? The majority of big name Blizzard developers have gone on to become extremely successful. Wildstar was one unfortunate exception to that; look at Path of Exile or Torchlight as better examples of what they've been doing (ignore the shit decision making after Torchlight II...).
When they're forced to stay in their lanes yes.
Wish they could have addressed the wait times without bringing QM back to terrible quality. If we can't have quick matches without terrible balance, I'd much rather they just remove it and make UD the standard mode like other MOBAs. QM in its current form just creates a miserable experience for a lot of people that just end up quitting.
&gt; white washing of the news I don't think this means what you think it means.
Because it displays total ignorance to anyone who has actually played this game. Five assassins could have self sustain abilities that make them less reliant on support compared to the five on the enemy team and still be ridiculously unbalanced.
Even in your definition of fun the game suffers from a lack of proper composition. Try playing Valla without anyone to tank or heal you before 16; every single engagement you will die or be forced back to base. You'll spend 75% of the match in the base healing or reviving. That's not fun in any definition.
You're making zero sense and I'm starting to really wonder if you have actually played the game.
You're only gonna be wrong once dude. I hope you get things in a better place some day.
You're just saying what 99% of people are lying to themselves about. We want actors to pretend they're good people so we can feel good about enjoying them on television; when they break that illusion it forces us to reconcile that the people we like aren't great people. Only difference between Spacey and a lot of Hollywood actors is he got called out. Honestly I struggle with how to feel about all of it myself. If it were my kid getting abused I sure as hell wouldn't be able to stand the sight of these people on screens. But when it isn't? I dunno.
Did he? I've not seen anything but rumors. Id welcome the whole story for context.
That's wrong. Incredibly wrong. Go sit in a corner.
Honest question: why do you want to be a "better man"? Seems like you actually want to be a bad person. So why not just submit to being a bad guy and see where that road goes?
She isn't the most important thing in your life though. If she was you wouldn't think about cheating on her. I mean food is important to you and you don't just stop eating right? Do you skip using the bathroom or drinking water? Truly important things don't get skipped. The real issue here is you're lying to yourself about who you really are.
People aren't evil. They're just people. And most people do and think awful shit just like you. I've cheated before, and so I go into relationships now with the expectation that I might do so again; my partner always has access to my phone, we share email accounts, and basically there is zero privacy between us. I gotta protect myself from my worst impulses; maybe you're the same. But I dunno how you fix your current stuff. That relationship needs to rot and you need to figure out who you really are before you can handle being with someone else.
They're taking too long? Its the holidays and the team won't even be fully back in office until first week of January. Calm your tits dude.
I found it was better to just buy games on sale since I wasn't beating more than one a month anyway and it felt weird paying for games but not having anything to show for it afterward.
Remember the time he tries to kill you so you seal him in his own invincible robot, left to suffer alone for all of eternity? Good times.
A tether would work fine; games like Kirby handle it pretty well.. The game is so difficult to play in split screen it basically makes local multiplayer impossible for me.
Except the earlier games didn't have those weeb cut scenes. So cherry pick all you want and it's not hard to show how silly the dialogue has gotten.
You're taking this exceptionally personal and I don't really know what to do with that. I'm sorry your anime girls are having their honor tarnished.
If you're tired of all the anime girls you're defending maybe you've got a different kind of problem.
If there's something myself or my partner really wants the other person to engage we agree to put our phones down for the episode. Sometimes we get a little grumpy about it but I like that we can do that what we really want the other person to like it.
Wrong. It's the same basis for Neilson ratings. They're not perfect and most methods available to the public are going to be flawed- that isn't the point. People uploading replays represent SOME amount of normal players, and they don't randomly disappear without the general population also fluctuating in some way. It's so goddamn stupid to sit here trying to deceive the community into thinking the game isn't losing players. Everyone from general chat to QM is talking about how Blizzard threw in the towel because of how poorly they messaged, and now you're seeing the results.
This doesn't say more to me about Nintendo Switch than it does that they don't understand responsive development. Up until now they've never had to worry about alternate resolutions or system requirements for the same software and probably did a lot of lazy things because of it. It's a rough transition for a lot of developers.
Ugh every time you guys put out an update I lose 200 hours in a new save file. It's the best problem in my life by far.
Same. I tried it like five times before it finally clicked. It helps when you get your first loot chest with something cool in it I think. Prior to that it feels like a weird Minecraft clone.
Why does this keep showing up in the news when there's zero plans to bring it to English-speaking countries? The people this game is for aren't coming to this site for the news. ... and I'm just salty I have to keep reading about a game I will likely never get to play.
The important ones left a long time ago. At this point it's just people riding on the coat tails of the Blizzard brand. More interested to hear what new studios they're joining or starting.
What are the correct actions to take when your husband is cheating on you?
No problemo!
I mean. Goofy killing Hatter isn't impressive. Hatter has low health and no form of recovery. He's always needed protection.
Sounds like Fantasica I think it was called. Was that it?
He got baited and took the bait as usual. Why is everyone celebrating what is clearly a troll account getting the attention it was seeking?
Watch them. They're absolutely nothing like you assume they are.
These reviews are what inspired my partner to finally try Stardew Valley. It's now their favorite game with hundreds of hours put into it.
It says more about how blatantly sexist the people here are more than anything about the channel. Reddit is literally the only place I've seen a bad word said against the naming (and most of the whiners say they didn't even watch the videos).
He writes it based on her experience... They are her genuine thoughts. They collaborate. They did a whole video explaining it dude.
They're just average? Even though a single video shot them to the top of YouTube and made them hundreds of thousands of subscribers literally overnight? Or is it more that you're another ridiculous misogynist trying to pass off their world view as "moderate" (nice submissions to KIA by the way).
Unless it's called Anthem.
Change your mind? It sounded like an interesting topic.
Uh because they went out of their way to claim they give a shit. You saw the post you're commenting on... Right?
They are gorgeous. But I remember even as a kid picking worse spells just because I didn't want to wait 20 seconds for a single animation to finish. I remember it being a bigger problem in 2 than the first.
Here's one example of an end-game spell going off during the final battle: [https://youtu.be/ZqJmbXlyiQE?t=488](https://youtu.be/ZqJmbXlyiQE?t=488)
So you're nuts. Thank you.
Well I'm rich so it's pretty good so far.
Oh boy. Are they gonna introduce them again for like the 20th time?
Down voting ads helps them. You're giving them data. It doesn't do anything except feed the advertiser your data. Just scroll without interacting if you actually want to do damage.
It did. But Reddit has a weird thing for volunteering free Valve damage control. Every game on the Epic game store has been curated like Steam used to do... and now it's doing well like Steam did. It's not rocket science. But I guess if we're not seeing hentai games in the store front page we're supposed to be outraged now?
Sure. But the main post here and to be trying to fit various disorders into neat little clarifications that don't jive with neurodiversity as a concept.
All the money in the world don't make that a pleasant experience. You want daddy home with the baby.
I like how you defend him and then say you're not defending him. I didn't know it worked that way.
Master mode I assume would entail new things for Moon Lord, so you could consider that new content.
Not quite. Expert made enemies behave differently and the loot was even more awesome. I hope master mode similarly changes the nature of the game.
Frequenter of /r/mensrights and /r/the_donald. Terrible YouTube channel. Cringey memes. Your life is kind of a dumpster fire dude, maybe you shouldn't worry about other people getting divorced?
You've missed the point completely. And both you gross dudes deserve each other. Also lol you think everyone didn't see this is your alt account? Goddamn incels are clueless.
I'll give em props for that one. It's really fun to say. Also if you want to be able to get into memes as an older person just have kids. They will drag you into that shit whether you like it or not.
Yeah... I don't think anyone knows who he actually is or this wouldn't be getting upvotes. He's pretty much a big douche.
I will. It's worse than saying nothing and puts you in an awkward position to recognize someone when you're already dealing with a hardship.
And thank God for that. They butchered Secret of Mana. I can hold out hope for this new one.
I'm talking about when tragedy affects you personally. It is hard enough to deal with as it is, let alone then be forced into acknowledging someone's meaningless gestures so they can feel good about themselves. I am speaking from experience. The worst shit you can do to someone really suffering is make them put up with your posturing.
I love that even SE is aware how awful it was enough to keep it out of this package.
Got it and played around a little bit. The Gameboy emulator is buggy and I keep getting hit by enemies on the other side of the screen. I can't imagine how you could play this from beginning to end enjoyably. It's a fun little novelty I guess. No discernable difference between playing the old SNES ROM and this new release (and no options for scan line filters arguably makes it an uglier game). The new translation is cool, but I'm surprised at how similar it is to the fan translation. It's not like the Final Fantasy ports where the dialogue is completely rewritten. Cool collection, but I think I should have waited for a sale instead of paying full price for this.
Yeah that's bullshit. If there are rewards only available to people watching ads, even if they paid to avoid ads, that is a scummy business practice. It's not "optional" just because you can intentionally gimp yourself to protest a single video advertisement.
Isn't he the creator of the game?
I'm pretty sure the earliest image meme I ever saw posted was the ORLY owls. At least to the level of dank memes popularity.
Maybe I'm in the minority but this kinda looks bad. The animations are great but the combat looks janky and dull without the 2D sprites and the plain environments. It also seems to be following the original so closely I'm wondering what the point is? I'm getting Secret of Mana-remake vibes and I hope I'm wrong.
They've let Capcom make entire Zelda games and they came out great. Between that and their mobile games it's pretty clear they have a great partnership strategy where they stay thoroughly involved from beginning to end.
This isn't crazy people Facebook content. This is actually highly targeted and tested troll farm advertising. This is exactly the sort of content that gave Trump the election in 2016. It's supposed to inspire the craziest people on Facebook to get out and vote or log into reddit to defend Trump.
That or someone forgot to pay an invoice.
I'm using him. He's alright. I seem to get equal damage output between him, Alice, Hatter, Hercules, and Alladin. I was doing fine with Hades and Meg combo though too. He's pretty great for breakers actually. Just zooms the screen and kills everything that isn't immune.
Both would be a problem though. It's not a coincidence when women can't be promoted or hired at a company where men are generally doing fine. At minimum its a red flag that interviewing and messaging has nobody keeping bias in check.
This game looks fun but I have no idea what I'm doing or what the point of the game is after playing through the tutorials. I put some slimes in cages and I sold them and then I couldn't figure out what the game was supposed to be.
I think he's nothing special for boss but he can carry the team for breakers. I wouldn't invest unless the breakers are holding you back specifically.
Yeah they didn't listen at all with Adventure Time TD. But this is nice.
I kinda wish they'd spend a little less time plastering their kid all over the internet. These are incredibly precious, fleeting, special moments that are getting wasted posing for selfies and publishing on social media. The fact that they can't stop even when they've got their kid in the world is disturbing to me. Still love their content. But these guys have social media addiction issues. I get it Reddit, you're addicts too.
Because there's nobody playing it anymore. It's not an elitist thing, it's just defeating the whole point of the game to be using your feet as longer fingers.
It's amazing to continue seeing crazy people push their narrative that Mark didn't like the movie. Guy flat out says it isn't true and you're all like "oh I know better than that".
Get teased? Cut his arm off and nearly kill him. See everyone you love being horrifically murdered by your student? OMG how could fire up your light saber???
That's my best guess. It just sucks that my autistic partner basically couldn't sleep because the bedding was completely different from the photo (sensory needs).
Is it astonishing? I think if you imagine celebrities more like NPCs or entertainment things it's a little easier to sleep empathize with how people can enjoy trash magazines. It's all drama in some way.
Ehhh. I've yet to hear a method of decriminalizing that doesn't put at least some people at additional risk. But I'm open to the idea if someone has one.
Of course. But what do you do when people currently acting as asshole middle managers are suddenly corporate sponsored pimps? What do you do to ensure women don't get pushed into sex work when the economy tanks unless it's actually what they want to be doing? Yes protect existing workers. But don't create a new economy where people who don't want to do sex work suddenly are feeling pressure to take part in it.
Oh we only did that for fun! Only thing from Target we frowned on was the $10 microfiber bedding because it felt like a really poor place to pinch pennies.
Most jobs have performance reviews and metrics. Most jobs those reviews are used by incompetent people to make people below them do stupid things. As an engineer it's no big deal to waste weeks on a dumb project because my boss is an idiot. Now what happens when that idiot starts threatening my job unless I start doing anal? I want answers to things like that before I think we're ready to seriously consider supporting sex work on the regular.
You don't seem to understand what I'm referring to.
Because it's clear you lack the context or experience of the situations I'm referring to. Anything I say you're going to naievely find an unrelated thing to point to as a solution. The problems I describe happen every day across any labor industry.
Because they're part of it. They're sympathetic to their views.
It's legit. I have it on my iPhone and it's one of the best rythm games available. I wish there were more K-pop times or similar things with lyrics but that's enough to have a great time for many hours.
Because they can't function. Many of them have severe, untreated schizophrenia or similar problems. Many of them have substance abuse issues that will never be resolved. Even if they didn't have those issues, good luck finding an employer that wants a worker that can't shower or frequently misses their shift. They don't need jobs or houses necessarily. They just need to be able to live right now and we're not doing a great job of letting them at least do that.
&gt;&gt; Fair enough! Bill Burr fan? I fucking love those words hahaha.
I could only afford one 🤷‍♂️
It's got instrumental and lyrical songs. Seems half of each if I had to guess, maybe a little more instrumental if not. I think most of the songs are rock, synth, pop, or some combination of those three. A couple songs break that mold though. Difficulty is dependent on song. I've found the ones with lyrics tend to be easier and the instrumentals are often geared toward crazy expect players (but you can just do those ones on easier difficulty levels). Everything can be unlocked at the easiest difficulties, though you can unlock faster with the higher ones since they award more points.
I think the touch screen handheld mode with a pair of headphones is basically mandatory if you want to play the hardest stages. In handheld you should be able to turn off the delay entirely.
Nah it's pretty good so far but you shouldn't compare this with every other comedy. It won't hold up. This is more for the Big Bang Theory and similar studio audience shows where everything is relaxed and you can dink around on your phone while it plays.
One episode down! I don't like the studio audience comedies but this one had me laughing. I think Gabriel Iglesias finally found a good platform for his preachy comedy style.
That's a perfectly understandable complaint. Remember the Switch commercials with everyone huddled around it with the kick stand? Or setting it on a table to play? You can't actually do that because the screen is too small. It's basically docked or holding it in your hands if you want to be able to see anything.
What? Unless it's that silly card game no, nobody here is ever bringing out pitch forks against Valve. And Jesus Christ help you if you have the nerve to mention the Epic Game Store didn't hack your computer and give you an STD.
And if they never added one it's not that big a deal. Buy from Steam when it's important, get it from Epic when it's dirt cheap. Same as any other game store.
I'm not unhappy with it (much) but I can totally see why others would want that experience for themselves and be disappointed to learn it's basically a gimmick.
Yeah it can be done, but you've gotta admit it's not what they showed in the marketing where your friends can all huddle around or you can set it on the coffee table comfortably.
It's awful. You can't even play the Sword of Mana Collection version because the emulator seems to think sprites are in different places and you can be hit at any time by random shit.
It is a minor inconvenience. That's it. Most purchases are just single games.
/r/enlightenedcentrism
Nobody put her on a pedestal. This is literally a post about crazy people like you pushing your obsession with her to ridiculous levels.
Ohhhh. We're doing that thing where you're more offended for being called sexist than actually being sexist. That's one of the stranger things you guys do.
... because you are.
If she was wearing jeans and a shirt this wouldn't look terribly impressive.
YTA. It would have taken no time at all just to call and check. Having a child of your own means literally nothing. Having the approval of the same people that popularized jailbait subs shouldn't make you feel great dude. At minimum its creepy you couldn't just make a phone call; at worst you were waiting for an opportunity.
Exactly. What the fuck? Kid wasn't gonna die if you took five seconds to phone her mother.
I get the feeling they're not going to ask again.
Cause he's totally gonna admit being a pervert on his validation post.
Any sane babysitter would call the parents first. The kid wasn't dying.
What about it is stupid? I did the same thing with my child because we actually had family that were known to be creeps and I needed my child to understand agency over her own body, and to know that it's absolutely wrong to take her clothes off just because a relative asks her to. The OP will not tell you he is a creep. He won't tell you if he did something bad. For all you know you are helping a potential predator feel good about themselves.
https://www.rainn.org/statistics/scope-problem Wrong. Dig your head in the sand if you like. Sexual assault actually happens and it's usually a family member.
"as long as you didn't do anything weird"
Mud won't kill the kid.
Ironic.
I believe so, I think I remember the dev saying the Switch would get free DLC. Makes sense for the price.
Bruh. You're being a dick.
Once the company gets big enough the people who made it that way either leave the company or slowly have less control. The power vacuum is filled with idiots with zero empathy for the customers that got them there; only promises to make the company more money. Over time so little of the original good-natured company has been hollowed out that you're left with the garbage one.
You sound like you don't understand anything about how actual immigration works. Do your goddamn homework instead of whining about a system that doesn't even exist in the form you imagine.
If you cancel though they don't deduct the days you didn't stay?
I'm brand new too and only been to three places. One was a bad experience. I would just recommend looking at the reviews and getting a feel to make sure they feel genuine and definitely find a super host if possible. The only bad stay I had was because they literally showed a different place in their photos. Their reviews looked fake on second glance and support got me out of there the next day.
Building sucks, but combat is a little more fun with a controller. They feel like two different games almost.
I think in this day and age where everyone has way too many games to play it's nice to get a heads up that you can take something off your radar for a bit a come back without missing anything.
I wish this is what people liked him for. I love his thoughts on just living a good life.
I think the superficial "efforts" most people make actually make the problem worse. I've been through suicidal depression before. I was doing the research and ready to pull the trigger. Not a single phone number or internet well wishing was going to change my mind. Everyone has their own personal journey when it comes to suicidal thoughts, and I've met a lot of people who have been there and recovered when they finally realized it was time to make a big change in their life. When they stopped giving a fuck and started living their life for real. By trying to save people I think we're robbing them of that journey to potential recovery. Instead, we set them up to believe that they're supposed to cry for help until they get it (which is only a momentary solution). After enough times crying for help and still feeling depressed, they naturally begin thinking there is no solution. They never have a reason to look within themselves for their answer.
Your first point is just as selfish as the people you're broadly painting. Your second doesn't really mean anything since depression is itself technically a form of mental illness.
Just don't cheap on important things. Cotton sheets are cheap and comfortable, but if I see $10 microfiber linens it can mean zero hours of sleep for me. If you give me nice Costco paper towels I guarantee I can leave the place shining for your next guest. Dollar store towels and I'm more likely to forego the elbow grease because it's way more work. Spend the $20 on a Roku even if your cable company gave you a box to use. All the nice kitchen utensils in the world aren't useful to me if you only have dull knives I can't cut anything with. Sharp knives are great (or ceramic if you wanna go cheap while still providing something low maintenance).
The people harassing Holly probably aren't here. They're on Twitter where there has always been a million angry trolls ready to jump on you about anything. If she's having a rough time on Twitter I dunno why she doesn't just delete it? Most normal people get along without it.
Hotlines often hospitalize people who are fine, and do NOT ask for police to show up. Involuntary hospitalizations as a result of hotline calls are incredibly popular.
Opinion pieces aren't sources.
Thank you!
Ok? I don't think anyone will miss them the way you think they will.
You don't know that sub when this is clearly your alt account? Why does every TD poster think they can fake concern with obvious troll accounts?
They can. But people have their limits. If you take away their subs and keep banning their accounts they eventfully give up.
Oh! Do me. I wanna see how I lean.
That's kinda lame, I figured it would be a little more nuanced. I've made way more contents than that haha
Except the mods created the problem by banning everyone who disagree with their views. When you don't have those people around to report the crazy, the crazy gets upvoted.
I don't think anyone would care if it got banned? And I don't think it would make TD feel any better.
You post on TD though. It can't be that painful.
I know it's supposed to be an intimidating dog whistle but I dunno how to do anything but laugh when you're resorting to clown noises.
That's not really how logic works.
Do you understand the sub you linked to? You look silly.
I mean by that logic you could blame her for marrying him in the first place. But I don't wanna stop you from being stupid if you're intent on it.
Of course you have.
This sums it up: [https://knowyourmeme.com/photos/1459543-clown-pepe-honk-honk-clown-world](https://knowyourmeme.com/photos/1459543-clown-pepe-honk-honk-clown-world) They're too scared to be blatant racist shitheads, so they have little phrases instead.
Three stars at most dude. Of course that should be in the review. If you don't tell others about it then you're subjecting them to the same awful experience. They earned it, this has nothing to do with you.
For what it's worth, if you haven't asked for a raise in the last year you're missing out. Unemployment is at record lows and even dish washers are in demand. Look at all the hiring signs everyone has up. This is the first time I have ever seen such a massive demand for workers. The economy won't do anything for you automatically. You need to take advantage of this special moment. I'd be happy to give advice to anyone who needs help on what to do.
Debating Trump has not gone well for anyone. The only way you're going to see someone debate him in a republican setting would be an outright act of sabotage (to Trump and themselves). There's just no reason for it.
This is being developed by the same people behind Final Fantasy: Record Keeper. It's been going really strong for like four years and they've been amazing with balancing revenue and fun. They're also generous enough that money has never felt like a requirement to enjoy the game. It's for that reason alone I'm pretty excited. They seem to have a lot of passion for working with their favorite game universes.
Different company entirely. DeNA doesn't monetize as aggressively in any of their games I've played to the extent other companies do.
I wouldn't worry just yet. They do Record Keeper and you can unlock hundreds of characters for free. They monetize the equipment, but that's only one piece of like a dozen other systems they require you to play to earn. DeNA is good people.
I just worry it's gonna be like their remaster of the original where you can't really enjoy it because it didn't have the quality of life improvements from D5.
&gt; and if it does nobody is defending it. I know you guys have trouble reading but come on.
So when nobody is defending something you jump through mental hoops to make up why they totally do. And you also wonder why nobody takes you seriously.
Great point about comedians getting more shit than people actually committing crimes against humanity. It makes no sense to me. I almost feel like the idiots with their reactions need to be called out when it happens. It's just too much.
She just needs to be on every episode! Those are the ones I love.
?
Thank you! :)
That sounds like when apps clutter their screen shots with random art that just distracts from the important part. Would not recommend it.
The only person who can do anything for you is you. Therapy helps. Medication is a great tool. But nobody can treat your depression except you.
Those are the regular levels that used to be the challenge, but these days are basically free loot. The fun comes from the events and nightmare dungeons where you really get tested on your teams, then there's several layers of mechanics and dungeons to conquer after that.
Yeah, basically I try to think whether I'd wish someone had said it in a review and whether it would have impacted my decision to stay there. If yes then I need to dock some stars and help others learn from my mistake.
I personally enjoy it because there's years of content I'm behind on and there's no real urgency to catch up quickly. I can do a few levels each day, unlock a few heroes, listen to some great music, make a little progress in whatever event is happening, then log off without any pressure. It's been my relaxing game to play every few months since it launched. Since you can enjoy it immediately and there's no real reason to rush to the end game I see no reason you couldn't completely enjoy it as F2P. My current playthrough I reset about two months ago and I just got to the magicite dungeons and got a decent amount of loot to beat them with and haven't spent money except an experience boost I wanted for fun (I have a few characters I love and wanted to make them cool).
Record Keeper is real time and is not tap to win. It sounds more like unfounded paranoia.
Definitely. It meant you could always get the heroes you liked and build teams with them if you wanted. The equipment itself initially could be equipped to several heroes, though eventually they made special gear for every hero. Basically it turned into a collection game where it was easy to use the things you wanted but difficult to get the absolute best gear for them (but the best gear was rarely every necessary).
He's getting down voted but I have to agree with him. You're imposing a rule that most reasonable people will break. I can take my shoes off easily enough, but I can't have even one guest in a room I'm paying for? That's kinda silly. If you want people to obey that rule I think realistically you'll need to provide an alternative. What can someone do when they book your room but need to meet with a guest?
You're not wrong. But I'm just saying that rule is going to get broken constantly. That's just how people are. You can keep trying to fight that battle or you can be more accommodating.
Except it's not a fallacy when the offended idiots are literally doing nothing to combat the problems they don't want to hear about. It's simple hypocricy bred from outrage culture and easy access to whine platforms like social media.
Visit any college campus and you'll see the fake outrage in action. It's unfortunately common for kids to be offended by the easiest thing available to them than anything of actual importance.
That sounds like co-dependency bro. That never leads anywhere good.
&gt;A child isn't intelligent, yet. Who is marrying children...??
You didn't read my post very well. I was not talking about shoes so much as guests.
Yeah so when I said actually go visit one, that wasn't an exaggeration. Things have changed.
It was empty, so I'm guessing they just forgot to fill it out maybe? There's only so much they can do I guess. I just have no idea how to navigate bad parking situations.
More likely botnet operators advertising the effectiveness of their network so they can sell them on the deep web. They just need to generate headlines so they can drive their prices higher.
You can't organize a ddos with just a computer and free time at this scale. It's going to require an entire network of dedicated machines, so at minimum you're dealing with someone with some kind of purpose.
I live in Portland. It is true.
Modern Nazi playbook: be a racist shit head until someone finally gets tired of it, then run back to your Nazi friends to complain about how oppressed you are.
Not going to teach you how to computer dude.
"their views are annoying" is an interesting way to say "wants people of other ethnicity to be killed or displaced".
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dog-whistle\_politics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dog-whistle_politics)
It's a bunch of t\_d alts (or posters, just look at their histories) putting on a show of centrism. They do the same thing on their own subreddit. They think they're a very smart people.
SJW to me is just a catch-all for slacktivists tackling tumblr problems instead of real problems. Reed isn't a bad example. I don't know how I feel about Antifa. I don't like violence. But you can't say they aren't fighting a real problem.
It's on by default for people who had accounts prior to that. I'm seeing adult shit and I've not opted into anything.
That doesn't do anything for me personally if other people like shit.
They did for several years so yeah.
Compared to the horror stories I keep seeing here that seems kinda mild to be honest. But definitely dock their stars cause nobody wants to deal with that stuff.
Name a single actual policy that would have resulted in such a stupid situation playing out. Your example doesn’t cover it. No, the lack of candy doesn’t bother me. What does bother me is one human being a total fucking asshole to another for no reason, and it is a pet peeve that will always set me off to 100 real quick. I’ve worked fast food. I’ve worked retail. This wasn’t corporate; just a tiny woman exerting authority in the only place she could. In my own life I do everything I can to help someone out. Fuck corporate policy. Fuck anyone who thinks you should shit on someone because a dude in an office 1,000 miles away made a blanket policy preventing it.
They’ll keep giving games away until they have enough customers installed that they don’t need to. But they knew going up against Steam was going to cost them and this is all part of the plan. Just enjoy it while it lasts.
I just enjoy browsing the store because it reminds me of how Steam used to be- just a whole bunch of high quality games. If something was on the store you knew it had to be good on some level. Now on Steam the garbage has taken over the entire store and everyone accepts it because they offer free shovels to dig your way through it.
It used to. It’s been patched for most devices though.
What if I told you I don’t care if you got any value from my comment?
Pretentious if I’m just here to have fun? I don’t agree with that. If this were a discussion I was paid to participate in I’d definitely act a little more professionally.
Good answer, but it’s interesting seeing most replies to your comment missing the main point- they asked for a favor and OP replied with hourly rates. You can say no to the favor; replying with your hourly cost is an asshole move. Just say you don’t wanna watch them.
What is the point of this post? Bemoaning how much of a victim you or anyone else here is isn’t going to magically make things better. We all know stupid people exist who find reasons to hate anything.
Awareness of what?
Maybe you’re doing something that isn’t good. Not everything you do is free of judgement.
How on earth does showing people this lift them from depression?? Good grief dude you’re coming off like a troll.
Because being a “bad guy” isn’t the criteria for assassinating a top leader from a foreign nation.
America hasn’t successfully obliterated anything in recent years. That’s not even a thing. You don’t push the “win war” button and suddenly everything is great. Anyone who doesn’t have the memory of a gold fish should remember all the wars we thought were going to be an easy victory and instead went on for years.
Bullshit.
That Merci chocolate is nasty. Bought a whole box and ended to throwing them away :/
I had a 70 MC hero with fully decked out prints, a 6-star weapon, all possible upgrades, and still didn’t meet the initial blast requirements on STANDARD. That is some messed up shit that you can’t even do standard without an invisible health check that even the best possible setup with stats helps. I understand absurd requirements for the highest difficulty maybe, but the bar being that high for standard just killed any joy I had for the game.
How did Pokémon get better? I tried it again and it felt a little hopeless that I couldn’t progress in the multiplayer content because it couldn’t find anyone to match me with and the AI was awful.
Agito dude. You get a 6* weapon for the first clear. And you only need HMS materials for the highest tier heroes; the others have easier material requirements. Even Naveed at 69MC got smoked though.
Hmm actually I I got mixed up and thought we were talking about expert. Standard I have managed to complete at least once on a healer so got the 70MC that way.
I have the greatwyrm print. Keep in mind my complaint is not the requirements themselves- it’s that there is no way how to tell in the game what an encounter requires. The description says nothing about the prints, or the health check, or minimum requirements outside of an arbitrary might check. If the game clearly laid out the gear requirements or even locked it until you meet them, that would be perfect. But letting players just kill themselves out of frustration to the point they’re creating apps around it is insanity.
I willingly use next-gen Jira over Smartsheets. Tried them both. Really don’t like Smartsheets. Next-gen Jira forced everyone using it to remember the stakeholder by removing all the weirdly specific things like close reasons that only developers care about. It creates a timeline automatically based on the work you’re actually doing. By rolling over my project to next-gen I got all the non-technical people in my company to actually start using and enjoying it. But I do understand it doesn’t have every single feature or whatever for project management. But I don’t really need anything fancy; I could plan everything on note cards if I really had to. Everything else is just gravy. Smartsheets is just vanilla Gantt. But Gantt has only ever felt useful to me for the author; everyone else just kinda glazes over their eyes when confronted with it.
This feels more nice guy than lesbian.
What are we comparing with then? What do people like to use instead? I get the feeling people who dislike Jira aren’t necessarily jumping to use Asana or something. I’ve seen Smartsheets mentioned but that just seems like a glorified spreadsheet. Maybe that’s all anyone desires though for work.
Reddit Star Wars fans aren’t known for their self awareness.
How dare he make an awesome movie. He should have shit out a big wet nostalgia turd like JJ.
“I want to respect them but also I want to do more than that help me Reddit”
“I prefer when movies mindlessly feed my nostalgia instead of world building”
He’s six. There isn’t any history here; they’re setting the precedent.
If a kid is breaking down at the age of six what the duck is going on at home.
No healthy six year old should be having a full blown panic attack just because they need to go to school.
I’m only disturbed by the amount of willful misinformation that gets spread and the subsequent adoption of ridiculous beliefs because of them. For example every other person believing therapy is expensive and impossible to get into. It isn’t. Just about every state has a public health option you can tap into if you’re truly lacking funds. Therapy is extremely easy and cheap to get if you’re motivated to do so (now medication is whole other story, but most don’t seem motivated to even get that far). There’s also the hijacking of /r/thanksimcured by whiners who are calling any and all practical solutions fake news, up to and including proven science. It’s popular on that sub now to believe that everyone has depression, nobody can cure it, and you should demand that the world at large bend to your requirements. I just wish there was some motivation by redditors as a whole to actually address mental health instead of bitching about it. Actually do things! Or ask someone for help. So many of us would love to be part of the solution.
It’s not a business model. It’s marketing. And it’s working extremely well for them. They wanted a seat at the table with the other stores and they have it now; giving away games through the next year will eventually win over the last holdouts.
Same. Epic store front page excites me. Stream just looks really boring, maybe because it’s lost track of what I like at this point and I’ve got no interest in fixing it.
I want to have such a content existence that tearing down video game stores is an important thing to me. How do I get there?
In what companies have you worked that they double down in marketing campaigns that didn’t meet forecast?
Nobody is buying more than one game at a time unless there’s a big sale. It’s a really silly complaint.
You joined a community for hating a video game store dude. And then you asked other people to join it.
You would rather?
I believe they’re referring to the roaming warrior bonus you get each day from other people using your guys. You get gyshal greens instead of gold, which is much more valuable.
To be honest I don’t even know. It’s fun to spend them on Onion Knight if you have any good equipment for him since he requires a ton of special tokens to unlock his stats. You can also get mythril and stamina potions every month.
Any good sites or stickies anyone knows for compositions I can learn from? I have good abilities and heroes but I don’t think I’m using them correctly at all. Currently trying to figure out torment and magicite dungeons and getting my butt kicked even with a ton of helpful Awakenings and Chains.
I was going to post but I’m not sure of a good format. Or is there a tool that extract this stuff? Or maybe just a screenshot of the party page?
“Just stop being depressed”
Then you’re lying about something.
Then we’d be glad the man found happiness. There’s no shortage of content to devour on the internet.
To a lot of places, even on Reddit you’ll see this sometimes. It’s a scam in my mind. But nobody there really gives a shit about ethics anymore.
In this case indeed has paid for advertising and this is what Yahoo did with it. The title of this post is incorrect about the intent.
Oh, yeah I mistook what you meant. My bad. That being said I’m still confused about the problem. If you’re a company and you want to interact with your users are you saying you should just ignore Reddit until they decide to make a community for you?
Same! I thought the girls I dated were always terrible people because they were attractive so I was like fuck maybe I should lower my standards. Nope. Ugly chicks can be just as mean as attractive ones.
I’m more disturbed by the complete blind faith Reddit has in some random adult hanging out with a kid for “reasons”. Where are the friends his own age? And why the heck is hanging out with this kid more important than seeing his girl friend? Woo yeah the kid is having a hard time in life. Know who else has a hard time? Literally everyone. It’s not a unique situation. Something isn’t adding up here and it would be pretty fucked if half of Reddit helped an abuser feel good about himself.
What? I don’t know how you came to the conclusion that Rian disliked 7...? Just because he went out of his way to twist the plot? That is what he does. If you’ve seen any of his movies this shouldn’t have been a surprise, and I’d argue they probably chose him for that reason. The only thing out of character was the final film where they literally went back and cancelled plot points. The other two were fine.
I was literally on the site where people started using the phrase dude.
This is literally the answer.
Not a chance in hell. Anyone who thinks this service exists for gaming subscriptions needs to step outside their bubble for a minute. Google lives and breathes advertising. They have an exclusive technology to have you playing a game immediately after displaying an ad for it. This isn’t going to go away; this is only the beginning. What Reddit is rightfully criticizing them for is treating their paying early adopters as beta testers. Google doesn’t care if this service fails and it shows. They only care about the advertising opportunities that come later.
Oh. You’re one of those people that doesn’t actually want to know things. That’s sad.
A lot of it is that, yeah. It just happens to coincide with the criticism I mentioned. I just hope nobody genuinely believes Google cares if this subscription service works out. I’m sure they’ll maintain their subscribers going forward but there’s a good chance they dump new games entirely once the ad model is proven.
I think people would be sympathetic if she weren’t trying to build internet cred by threatening people.
The fact that you think advertisers care about the technology a platform adopts over the results it delivers, and that you think they need a Linux port to use Stadia (you don’t) tells me you’re kinda arguing without all the facts. I respect your opinion but I don’t think you’re coming at this from a knowledgeable background.
Making it with the right materials has very little to do with where you can recycle it. Plenty of recyclable goods can’t be recycled because of damage from the thing it contained. That’s a huge part of what makes this difficult to solve. The answer is just about every country fell behind on recycle technology thinking China would take it forever. They’re one of the few countries with the technology to process it. America simply needs to invest in recycling facilities.
The downgrade to me comes in the form of lacking exposure for career opportunities. As a PM you’re working with the leadership team directly to impact business objectives. As a scrum master your responsibilities are locked directly to your team; suddenly you drop off the radar of the people needed to take the next step in your career.
Exactly. This went well because the amazing efforts by the state to ensure there was no violence. And now we see the nut jobs declare victory “see nothing happened!!”. Thank god nothing happened. But it’s weird to pretend that this wasn’t going to be a problem without intervention. Ever goddamned rally has been a problem.
“The anti-Nazis didn’t show up to make the Nazis act out violently” is such a goofy perspective on life.
Write stuff down. You say you planned meetings to drive the initiative... but I think I would have interviewed the end users, gotten requirements, defined a success metric to compare against, and then just had a meeting to confirm I had the sign off to get started. My own team frequently tries to solve problems by starting with a meeting and it consistently doesn’t go anywhere. So now it starts with documentation or we don’t have the meeting.
This all sounds pretty hyperbolic. Without any detail about being non-compliant you could mean anything from “they got their card data stolen” to “they use an outdated encryption method”. The latter isn’t terribly unique. They’re badly managed. Ok. Which restaurant isn’t? The invoices being paid 60 days over isn’t that crazy. You sound like a disgruntled employee who got fired. Which sucks. But the issues you’re raising are unfortunately common.
Make sure they getting shit loads of sleep. Seriously nothing impacts mental health and just daily sanity more than getting lots of sleep.
It’s such a big deal! I even strapped a Fitbit to my partner just to hold them accountable to a sleep schedule and after about a month of working on it they were sleeping good on their own and they were an entirely different person. Without sleep they have a short temper, can’t stay on one topic, prone to panic attacks, anxious, and often get lost in thought mid-sentence.. and with sleep you’d barely recognize any autistic symptoms.
I think the problem is they don’t know those games inside and out. Data integrity wasn’t as huge a priority as it is today and often the original source code was lost. The best your could probably do is track down the original developers but who knows how much they’d remember to be useful. In other words rom hackers actually aren’t at much disadvantage compared to Nintendo proper these days.
Get a job working with computers. Everybody is high and nobody cares.
No. The alternative is simply informing you that your health is too low to enter the stage so nobody wastes their time. Or just informing you how much health you need. And obviously they got better at designing fights because the Agito battles don’t smoke you in a single hit like HDTs do, and players are pretty much universally enjoying them more than HDTs.
That’s still a ridiculous solution to a problem the developer should have resolved (and as you pointed out isn’t helpful when you account for team buffs).
I think Game Pass likely was a big one. I heard everyone talking about it even at a time when few people I know even own an Xbox.
You don’t know why I would think an Xbox Game Pass requires an Xbox?
I see that word thrown around a lot on youtube and it’s getting difficult to know when it’s a random insult or if they genuinely did something to deserve that label. Like is it proven the dude diddled kids?
This is the argument I heard for ProJared too. Here’s the problem with it: these youtubers have access to audience analytics that they use to grow their channels. They look at them every single day. It informs the content they create, how often, and how long (hence why videos are almost always around 10 minutes). It tells them exactly who their audience is, their gender, locations, and more importantly: their age range. If a YouTube person has grown a large channel, and then solicit nudes from their fans, it isn’t a coincidence when kids end up submitting things. They know they have children watching the videos and they decide it’s a good idea to ask for nudes. They do this because they think it can easily be dismissed as an accident.
If they’re under 18 though their consent is meaningless. It’s the illusion of verification without actually verifying. I can’t go into a bar and just say I’m 21. If they don’t check for my ID they will get shut down. Those rules are in place because kids can’t be held accountable for lying.
I’m not a lawyer so I’m not really interested in arguing the legal merit. Only calling out when predators are using weak excuses to take advantage of kids.
Ah ok. I guess we’re trying to make two different points. Basically I just want people to recognize he did a bad thing and not casually dismiss it as “he couldn’t have known!”.
Sleep is a valid and helpful means of stress reduction. But staring at screens disrupts sleep by stimulating your brain. It is going to hurt your sleep more than help. https://www.sleepfoundation.org/articles/why-electronics-may-stimulate-you-bed
How can you be fed up? It’s just a comment. They don’t do anything.
What’s got you down specifically?
You say your life is great. What makes you think that? I lived under the same assumption for a long time. I had a kid, a wife, a decent job, and house. Had all the games and I went out sometimes with friends. So why wasn’t I happy? Must be a disease. Looking back no, the problem was clearly that a family, job, and home make zero impact on our happiness levels. Vacations don’t help. Money doesn’t either. We have things we need to be happy that are often completely unrelated to what we’re supposed to need. I guess I’m curious how much thought you’ve put toward that. For me it just wasn’t evident until I was prepping the end.
Actually I think that fits even better. Leo was mostly faking his confidence and importance. He hasn’t been landing the roles he wanted and if I remember correctly he even had to cut back on paying his friend. I would like to believe this detail was intended to show the may looks nice on exterior but is clearly not being maintained. It could just as easily be a mistake though.
The nice thing though is it doesn’t really matter if you have it or not when it comes to adjusting your lifestyle for it. Things that help ADHD and autistic people help everyone (it just helps those people even more). Let’s say you’re wrong and you don’t have ADHD. Is anyone gonna suffer from a personalized work environment, finding organizational compensations, or seeking clarity in their work? Nah. Diagnosis only really matters if you need to leverage the ADA to beat idiot employers or educators over the head when they wanna be dicks or to secure medication.
Is it not a little weird that you want people to watch what they say around autistic people when autism itself is largely recognizable because the person says the wrong things...? Demanding tolerance for yourself but intolerance for others is silly.
Oh weird. Don’t they always make it live after the daily update? I guess I took it for granted it would be available after the refresh.
Hmm maybe I shouldn’t have taken a break lol
I did.
Same. I was so goddamned hyped to see what they would do with TLJ setup. It didn’t even enter my mind that they would literally just retcon it all and pave over it with a generic adventure plot. After about 15 minutes I realized the movie was gonna be shit.
TLJ was amazing and it’s amusing watching trolls try to criticize it. It was critically acclaimed among literally everyone except Reddit trolls.
You can lead a horse to water bro,
You’re doing that shit right now. When given the opportunity to improve on yourself you’re choosing to play the victim. That’s perfectly within your rights man but there’s no prize at the end of that road. Just a whole lot of frustration until you inevitably land back here.
What you’re doing isn’t activism. It’s what literally everyone does before they grow up.
Look I’ll give you some context because I don’t think my tone is conveying very well over Reddit comments. As an autistic person (I assume?) you’re going to do a lot of things that make a lot of non-autistic people uncomfortable. You’ll ask for lights to be lowered, say inappropriate things in meetings, laugh at things that aren’t jokes, or any number of actions that seem rude or crazy to the people around you. When you do those things, you are relying on the good faith and intentions of the people around you to understand that the words you’re saying or the noises you’re making aren’t an indicator of how you feel. You’re going to need people on your side if you hope to survive in any capacity working with people. This post here frames a problem as “I don’t like when people treat me this way” when the reality is, everyone around you is going to hate the way you treat them. It’s a lot more difficult for normies to understand autistic people than the other way around. That’s been my life story. So noting all of the above, I am simply cautioning against subscribing to a victim mentality or framing the problem as autistic people being treated poorly. Once you turn the situation into an “us vs. them” argument you’ve automatically lost because there’s a hell of a lot more people without autism than with it. I’ve got a bunch of autistic friends who get online and complain relentlessly about how they’re treated, but they never express gratitude for the patience other people are constantly showing them. It’s a two way street we’ve got to learn to get along with each other. Does that make my point at least understandable?
Is the ramp a person? If I asked someone to get down on the floor and serve as a human ramp for a wheelchair user, yes, I would expect a certain amount of respect shown both ways. You’ve taken so much offense from things I didn’t even say because you’re clearly more interested in finding a villain and playing a hero. That might make you feel good on Reddit but you’re hurting autistic people in general by giving the illusion of progress that isn’t actually tangible.
I don’t think he knows what gas lighting is.
I don’t understand how the black spot made Fishron any easier for you. It can’t go faster than his enrage in my experience and it’s too slow to dodge his dash attacks. What’s your trick?
You forgot about Poland
No. They’re just unstable people. Do you think people like that would be good at web design? Their web sites are going to look bad because everything else they do looks bad.
That sounds promising. Does Twitch have communities that aren't necessarily based on watching streamers?
I recently found out Mongolian BBQ has nothing to do with Mongolia and I am sad about it.
Ohhh. That explains it. But I would guess it would be confusing to jump straight to 2?
Would I be confused about the plot then? Yes we are currently on the first game. I don't mind the bad guys being clunky but the so-far boring plot is going to be the bigger deal killer.
I'm open to it being my kind of game. The trailers for the most recent games look amazing. If I am being 100% honest though it's been difficult to play adventure games as an adult even if I used to love them back in the day. That ADHD man.
I dunno, the pirate in my town is a fucking gangster, There's a long hallway to his room and I usually find a pile of loot in it from his busting caps during events.
Because "being here" involved scrolling on reddit and it appeared. Weird right.
I’ll let you know if a place I work ever actually pays for one.
Always from an account that for some weird reason exclusively exists to mention how black they are. As though it’s the only thing the account is used for.
Ehhh. Come on dude. Don’t be so anti-right that you start being silly. It’s a literal scientific fact men possess greater strength than women on the whole. It’s not hard or unreasonable to understand why this would be an issue after transition (or just potentially who knows).
No. That’s not what I said and if you need to make up my talking points I don’t think you have a leg to stand on. It doesn’t matter if you take hormones for two years it’s still not equivalent.
Then start with merging the current men and women’s leagues in every sport. See how that goes.
Five items can make progress. Don’t make perfect the enemy of great.
It’s not hard to define and it’s not hard to find. I mean [literal Nazis.](https://abcnews.go.com/US/nazi-slogan-sign-displayed-open-illinois-rally-ripped/story?id=70480524)
Not taking the bait dude. Funny you didn’t ask about the other sub.
Do you understand historically the only thing that has ever worked to defeat fascism? If you have a radical idea for taking down the ideology that doesn’t involve denying it a place to rope new membership the world would love to know. We fought two wars over it. They lost both times.
Yes they did remove their platforms. And put them in prison or straight up hung them. Fascism is an ideology that ultimately calls for the death of anyone who isn’t “pure” and there are zero examples in history of tolerance being the correct approach.
I don't even know where to begin with you. Do you feel like there is a problem when you spend your entire day defending awful people?
&gt;Well, I remember all of the trump rallies in 2015 and 2016, they showed up many times over there. You're so close man.
Dealing with email people. People who don’t have any skills or ability to make things happen. They just know how to email, so they will email you constantly until they get whatever they want. Don’t bother asking them for anything because it will just be an email you get back. And don’t think of ignoring their email. They will email higher up the chain until that person instructs you to give them what they want.
I mean this is Portland so I assume they were doing this anyway and it just happened to coincide with social justice.
These people are often well connected and not easily corrected. If you don’t have any skills you’re going to make up for that with connections and I’ve yet to find a way to make that less of a thing.
You need supporting leadership. Either your manager needs to be able to crack down on other teams walking on you or you need an executive sponsor who will get pissed on your behalf. If you don’t have either of those things you’ll end up where most of us have been before; it’s toxic and your ability to work is extremely diminished. That’s the point where most of us start looking for a new job.
They do that even if you’re not a moderator. They’re not known for their critical thinking skills.
Ah “what about” arguments. That’s how you know it’s in good faith. Sit down dude.
The uncomfortable truth is we expect racist people to keep their racist thoughts in their head. We will rarely change actual opinions- but what can happen is we can make it clear that that racist voice does not have a welcome audience.
Uh did you read the same thing as me? Having a co-founder resign to make room for a person of color is fucking huge. Having a board of moderators involved in policy is huge. You need to applaud good changes if you want good things to keep happening.
Because if you have a problem with racism you don’t solve it with an all white board.
I would go further and say Reddit is out of touch with gaming in general. Just look at the whole Epic Games fiasco. Most of Reddit doesn’t even know how to love a game without smothering it with toxic feedback.
They don’t. But they can’t get mad about losing their ability to be racist. So they make up reasons to still be mad.
It’s just becoming clear you’re an idiot.
The police union is pretty much the end game of any successful union. We still need to figure out how to handle when they get too big and start suffocating the company they’re intended to support. Seems like they always grow, blow up, disband, get replaced by a smaller union or just stay down.
We’ve stopped developing pandemics before. It actually takes a special amount of incompetence to completely dismantle the institutions intended to guide you through it while simultaneously refusing to listen to anything your experts say.
I looked up this sub just to find out if this was a post so I could say this. He’s had such great guests from the very start and I was surprised to see a stinker finally.
Literally every argument you’ve posted has been disproven or shown to be grossly misunderstood from your interpretation. It’s funny to see you act superior when everyone can see you’re an idiot.
It’s also just been worse since the original creator left Blizzard. That guy had charisma for miles.
I agree they’re necessary. I am pro union. But if you look at the history of successful unions it’s not that unusual that they turn out like the police union. It’s why they have such a bad reputation. For unions to be a permanent fixture in society I feel like they need a way to curb the problems with growing too big. I just don’t know what that looks like.
Jesus you guys sure get upset easily.
He can strangle a hobo on live television and I don’t give a fuck the blue gets a free pass this year just end the goddamn nightmare please.
Question: like. How. Why? Why was it necessary or beneficial to create these cartoonishly evil pay inequities? It’s so blatantly wrong that I would have believed their denials but the dude resigned. So confused how this even happens.
I don’t doubt what you’re saying but why then would you pay more for white people? Seems like it would be more in line to just pay everyone poorly.
I am happy for Falcon but can’t say I wasn’t disappointed that we aren’t getting a bad ass redemption Captain America. He’s just gonna stay as wholesome as he ever was.
That is the most relevant, thoughtful, and interesting reply I’ve gotten to anything on Reddit in years. And it explained my understanding gap perfectly. You’re a terrific writer :)
If you didn’t bother researching your claims in the first place I’m not going to have any luck dragging you out of your ignorant echo chamber.
What word is that?
If you’ve ever used a trash can it’s kinda like that.
The best part about working in a dysfunctional organization in my experience is that there is nobody to tell you not to do something. It allowed me to do work as a Project Manager, Customer Success Manager, Business Analyst, and Product Owner over several years. Because of all the chaos and our uncaring management team it allowed me to build hands-on experience with things I really had no business being allowed to manage. That's the only great thing about those situations I've been able to identify. Everything else is frustration, especially if you're looking for validation of your awesome results or trying to course correct the business. Looking for a job while doing this is the best way to balance the opportunities with the reality of the situation.
Eh. It’s not even about conspiracies anymore. Just a free recruiting ground for crazy people into Nazi ideology. That place needs to get properly moderated back to its roots.
NT is a myth. Accept that you’re both nuts and you’ll get along a lot better.
Are hosting servers any easier? I remember trying to do so before and if you ran your own off your PC you would have strange limitations like a set distance people could wander from you. We rented a virtual machine online but that was pretty difficult to configure too.
Thanks! I think I will give this another shot.
They want you to die for whatever that’s worth.
Call me crazy but I'm actually feeling good about this particular round of addressing racism. Having a black person on the board and officially recognizing how deficient their efforts have been (and specifically taking ownership of T\_D) are all things that are new territory for reddit. I am cautiously optimistic.
That’s not how I remember Ellen. She was the first to try and clamp down on hate groups and Reddit collectively shit on her until she quit. You can’t say she didn’t try when she was the reason several groups got banned.
Everyone’s a little bit racist though. When someone tells me they’re not racist I always get a little distrustful. Or it means you don’t understand your own biases.
I can actually appreciate an openly racist person because you know where they stand. Look at all the racist idiots on Reddit; they refuse to admit it. They can’t even admit to themselves they hold their own views.
I'm having trouble too. I don't remember it being this hard to start a game back on Steam but it's also been a couple of years. If I find a solution I will edit my post here with it.
Well I eventually got it working but I am not confident I understand how. I'll tell you everything I tried in case one of them is useful. First thing was downloading all the free DLC from the Epic Game Store. There's about 20gb worth of it so be prepared to wait a while for it to finish and install. Second was waiting. Yesterday a new patch came out for the game and I believe it was specifically related to the timeout errors. Third was starting the game in single player mode and playing for a bit. If I had to guess, the problems are on the Epic side and everything I did was coincidental as far as fixing it goes.
Did I miss something? When did we start treating aspies like they were retarded? This is a reasonably functioning human who just wants things.
I have no clue how to qualify. 8 solid years of good payments on my house, no major debts, credit cards at low utilization and paid on time every month. Not good enough for Apple and they’re not super interested in sharing why. Only thing I can guess is they’re somehow pulling old debts I had deleted years ago? I don’t even see them on the major three. It’s a complete mystery to me who exactly is allowed to have one of these things.
But shit it was 99 cents!
Progress is a strong word. We didn’t have Nazis back then. I’ll take the yucky words over this shit any day.
Adhd doesn’t get worse or better. It just exists and video games don’t really factor in (though you could argue that time is better spent on more effective treatments).
You can teach coping skills. You can’t train symptoms. Or feel free to prove it.
Dedicated usually runs on its own machine (or virtual equivalent) and is running at all times even when you log off. The game changes and you’ll often sign in to find your dinos wandered off or someone raided your stuff. Non-dedicated runs off your own computer and is suspended until you start the server again. When you sign in it will not have passed any time since you signed out. Both let you play with friends but the non-dedicated will boot them when you sign out and turn it off.
Star cannon and the worm boss. Mows him down so quickly. You’ll need a couple hundred stars.
A source for an adhd cure? That what you want?
That’s a generalization because this is an Internet forum and I expect you can reasonably assume I am talking about interventions and not literally anything.
Ehhh. The implication here is that people need to notified about early access because there’s an unfinished or unsatisfying experience awaiting them if they purchase it. That warning is absolutely needed on Steam where most EA titles are abandoned long before getting finished. EGS still has a curated catalog and none of their EA games I think anyone reasonably is worried won’t get finished or provide a great experience. If they ever let garbage into the store then it’s fair criticism. But it’s apples and oranges. Steam needs it because they’ll let anyone publish anything.
And I don't take it to mean that. As a person with ADHD though, and who has lead at least one organization intended to help people with ADHD, we're constantly inundated with bullshit claiming to have a positive impact and referencing voodoo science or fleeting changes in observed behavior. Books, herbs, games, whatever. Every day it's a new thing intended to prey on parents who do not understand how it works to sucker them out of their money. It's at a point where I would consider it predatory.
If it was on reddit I can't blame you honestly. I struggle to find a good community here that isn't centered on self pity or using it as their core identity.
It sounds like you're agreeing with me?
I love when we forget how awesome infinite coupons are because apparently shopping carts became more important to gamers than value.
They’re being sassy.
You’re forgiven if you can reply with an interesting fact about an animal.
That wouldn’t be good enough. Corona virus opened up a strong argument that thousands of medical workers would be pulled in the middle of a pandemic. Jobs isn’t a good enough reason to make that problem worse.
As someone who doesn’t watch the show, how accurate is the video? It’s hilarious watching with no context.
Yep. Our local theater closed off the parking lot and set up a giant projector to show old movies. It’s an awesome experience and people just sit in their cars.
You know I’ve been thinking for so long what a good job would be for an autistic person. This is going on the list. Every day my partner and I talk about what directions are available to them and sometimes it feels a little sad. We tried powering through normal life cycles like college but it did not go well. They’re perfectly happy being taken care of by me but I think they’d feel much happier if they could have the choice of some additional independence.
Pretty fair assessment. Story I think depends on whether you’re comparing to the original or just in general. It’s definitely not a cohesive plot for a modern game but I think they did a great job translating the original game. It doesn’t bother me to pay $60 for a five hour experience so I was thrilled with RE3. I empathize with everyone who felt burned though, it feels justified.
I don’t hate conservatives, but they clearly have a problem with actually discussing their views considering all of their subs ban dissenting opinions on sight. If you can only share your views in echo chambers that seems like a problem.
As far as I can tell the game itself is different for Epic and we just can’t use them for now until it’s updated later.
It’s almost like you’re posting gross things.
Huh. I don’t see anyone mentioning the approach I take but it’s gone really well for me. You need to orient everything you hate into something you enjoy. Absolutely everything. Find joy in stuff you hate doing and you’re going to just be having a good time all the time. I don’t like checking the mail so I’ll pick out something cheap occasionally to ship so I have a positive things motivating me to get to it. Don’t like dieting. But I really like many of the foods in it. So cooking those foods makes it not really feel like dieting. Don’t like working. But I love some of the people I work with and I try to find reasons to do more things alongside them so we’re having a great time. I also go out of my way to make partners and allies so it’s easy to find enjoyable people to be around. There’s few things I’ve found that you can’t put a positive spin on it so the immediate dread is gone.
Is money not related to who you are? It shows you’re driven to have a career, that you want to be a provider, and that you’re ultimately dependable. Someone with money is capable of making your life dramatically easier and it is meaningful that they would spend it to do so. I think if you’re broke it can say just as many poor things about character, especially the older you get. Rich people obviously this is all meaningless cause they’re usually psychopathic dicks.
You want the truth or you want your feelings massaged? Maybe I misunderstood.
I mean consider the implications of what you’re saying about people who worked hard and got somewhere because of it. - College education is meaningless - Motivation is meaningless - Stability is meaningless - Stable homes to raise children are meaningless - Ability to mentor you and grow you as a partner is meaningless Like people don’t become successful in some weird money vacuum (again, unless you’re rich and that’s not what we’re talking about). It takes hard work, sacrifice, and drive, all of which are attractive qualities that are worthwhile things to consider in a potential partner.
That is exactly what you’re implying but you don’t want to see the flaws in your own logic. Which is fine, I don’t really want to have a discussion with someone who can’t think critically.
I know this is hard to accept because it takes away from your own perceived value but... you can have money, and be nice, and have a great personality, and be an all around awesome human being to be around. None of it is mutually exclusive.
Sometimes I do worry Reddit has withdrawal when she’s not on it.
It’s her bath tub and it’s water. Seems to fit the criteria without her actually being in it.
I understand the point you’re trying to make, but it feels empty knowing that there is no discernible difference between water she has bathed and normal dirty water. Like are we worried gamers won’t get the expected benefit?
I’m saying this is indistinguishable from any other thing that has ever been marketed and it feels like you’re being dishonest about what your actual problem is.
I think that’s a normal way to feel when you’re new because you pretty much are worthless. You’re one of the few people who builds their value by planning, testing, documenting, getting approvals, etc. before you ever get to contribute meaningfully. You’re value comes in the plan is laid down and everyone is marching toward common goals and there’s stability and predictability in what your team does. Until then just gotta make progress and try not to worry.
I can see both sides. I’m happy with it but only because my expectations were low. I had HBO Now and was happy with that, and this is basically just that with more things as a bonus. Anyone coming in brand new who isn’t signing up for HBO content should probably wait. It’s just not there yet.
Can you really call them centrist when they’re advocating for normalizing police brutality?
I think tax evasion is actually the default state of a person until they file their taxes. Taxes are weird.
Reason for what? We both agree it was bad and was a terrible thing to do. The question is whether he should resign. I think you could argue that instituting rules or oversight to prevent this kind of behavior is just as powerful, if not more so than having a talented director quit. I don’t buy the “how good can his decisions be if he does things like this” line of thinking. It’s pretty normal for someone to be amazing at their job and awful at the same thing in their personal life. I can handle the finances of a mid sized company with no problems at work but at home my credit score is just a poop emoji. Likewise I’m an excellent coordinator at work who delivers projects successfully but at home I can barely find time to make dinner.
There is nuance to what he wrote. If you try to hire "loyalty", you will end up with liars instead. It's a meaningless word because if you need to be fired, "loyalty" is not on the list of things anyone verifies and I should hope no good employee ever passes on a good opportunity out of "loyalty".
You're already working with adulterers. The only difference is you know about this one. I know you would like this to be the reason fewer people cheat, but the reality is you would just encourage more dishonesty.
For simple returns sure. But as you get older your investments get more complicated, and if you're doing really well (or REALLY bad lol) your employer's reporting is only a fraction of your tax obligations.
Agreed this is something that happens in the real world. I just strongly disagree with it. I mean Steve Jobs wouldn't have landed a job at McDonald's if we used his personal life as a measurement of anything.
Is the implication here that everybody else at the company has no distractions? Or that their distractions aren't as impactful? I don't feel like that's an accurate assessment. Everybody goes through divorces. People cheating is not unique to this director. Others are losing relatives to Corona, have rowdy children, dealing with alcohol issues, and any numbers of crazy life situations while holding down a full time job. If we fired everyone with complicated personal lives I dunno who would still have a job afterward.
I’ll never get over the weird overlap of alt right pedophiles and their crusade against pedophiles. It’s like they think if they scream loud enough everyone will forget its almost always a conservative with the hard drive full of kiddie porn.
At $20 it would be perfect. At $40 you need to decide if you’re alright with a five-hour roller coaster experience. I loved it but I think people with a limited gaming budget could feel burned.
It’s pretty fun but I think they do a terrible job of preparing you to play online. There’s at least three huge mechanics that will get you wrecked for not knowing and you’ll have no idea how other people are just juggling you. Make sure you go on YouTube and find out how parrying works, the importance of killing the robots, and the best weapons for engaging from a distance. It is not something you can expect to just dive in and figure it out at this point unless you’re way too patient.
You don’t want to have this argument. The stats are embarrassing for you.
My only problem with them was the bad apples thrive. It’s almost impossible to get fired and as a result you’ve got parasites at every level of management ensuring projects fail or goal posts move without any actual work getting done.
Then... educate yourself?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juggalo_gangs Yeah I dunno about that.
Exactly my thoughts. This feels like a stupid thing to be outraged about— are we not ultimately striving for gender acceptance for people who started identifying as another gender? And do they not have the option of selecting that currently? Non-binary people have my sympathies but also, what is the expectation for that data even if we did collect it? Could it not be a source of targeting those people similar to fears around asking immigrants to inform their citizen status? I need a better understanding of what the goal of tracking that information would be. This just feels like outrage for the sake of outrage.
She's a great singer but I dunno how that would have worked lol. Maybe singing for the little girl? The soundtrack already felt pretty weird.
That feels pretty unlikely. She's been insanely busy since Captain Marvel so my guess is she just didn't make the time. She wrote and directed like two entire moves the following year.
That’s not the question I asked.
I’m an ally... I think idiots like you make things worse for trans people.
You ever feel like your depression has anything to do with the fact that you make enemies of people who are on your side?
Isn’t 4-1-5 a story mission? How are you grinding that?
Yeah it’s all bullshit unfortunately. Worked with companies like this at least twice to report blatant fraud and both times there was absolutely nothing they would do even when confronted with concrete proof that a federal crime had been committed. To this day I can’t tell if they were doing what they were paid to do or if they were just too spineless to handle crime reports.
Because the person you describe doesn’t exist. They could absolutely lower their standards at any time and find a nice lady who is about as attractive as them but they won’t. The internet taught them that a woman that isn’t porn star attractive is barely worthy of existing and so they expect someone completely out of their league to give them a chance when they themselves have no redeeming qualities. Plenty of morbidly obese women that love anime to go around for every morbidly obese neck beard that’s lonely. Internet fucked them all up in the head.
I’m saying one type of person does not exist, and that’s the one you described. This is the second time I am having to remind you what you’re actually replying to so if you’re going to keep ignoring it I don’t intend to keep replying.
Insults. That’s the sign of a logical argument.
When you’re ready to take ownership your life will get better. Lemme know when you need help.
The_donald? I guess not anymore now lol.
And yet it was not.
Genuinely curious why that bothers you so much even though /r/the_donald and numerous other subs including /r/conservative will ban you on sight for expressing anything resembling a politically left leaning view? From an outsiders perspective they seem to be playing to the rules those subs started. I’d have some sympathy if every critical comment I made in a right-wing sub didn’t result in an instant ban.
I mean you can pretend like it was just a coincidence that every person of color got banned there or that every “black” poster was a fake account with no history. But I don’t really see a meaningful point to making the distinction.
Implying they don’t just make a dozen other accounts to post “as a black man” comments.
I like that you didn't actually point anything out. Very sneaky.
You haven’t actually refuted anything. But I also know you’re not going to- you’re going to keep avoiding the issue because you know you’re wrong. And I’m alright with that.
I mean is it otherwise a worthwhile thing to say?
