A Vault Boy shrine, how...disturbing: I like it!
Murdoch and his tools will be no match for charges of sedition considering their behaviors in context this past decade and more.
For me, the worst part of the game is the multi-part quests that reset to the beginning of the quest on server disconnect. Tonight, I had just entered the Glassed Cavern for the *Belly of the Beast* quest when the server went bye-bye and don't you know I had to start all over again from the beginning; several hours of game play gone, along with all the ammo and healing aids I had consumed to get that far.
Oh no! This is the problem with a ten-minute-between-saves parameter, it is totally disrespectful of the players time and effort. There should be some way to get this armour replaced without having to spend hours on the phone with tech "support" which is usually just a craps roll anyway. I feel your pain, mon -- 'tis an injustice!
Really? Promise? You give me hope...hope you are not trollin' me!
When I reconnected I was outside the Glassed Cavern and the circle on the map provided by Data showed that I needed to activate the first transponder on the bridge overpass thingy, not the one in the cave. In other words, the data entry showed me the first step was what I needed to do, not the last one.
Thanks for this. I was bummed and not wanting to do all that again -- was a tough road to do solo, especially Watoga -- killing that Sierra Bravo took some work, even with all the help from the bots.
Thanks! I'll give it a go.
My life experience tells me that people who brag about their intelligence are usually not very intelligent.
It's cat-speak and she's telling you she thinks you are fuckin' crazy to be doing that stinky thing you're doing!
Wow, that would be upsetting. Not something I would notice with this first build (shotgun/melee artist -- and as stealthy as an F5.) Thanks for the explanation.
(Past) time to impeach: May the GOP forever suffer the consequences of their inaction in the face of this threat to the United States of America.
Reduce turret and fusion generator noise. Wall turrets in addition to stand turrets. Bots for defense, including perimeter patrols.
If you upgrade to a 9600 baud modem you'll be glad you did. Edit: 9200 to 9600 -- been so long I forgot!
;
TIL, so thanks! Useful video even for those who *think* they know everything.
My challenge: Find a place to acquire melons easily when you're a level 1 to 5. If you want a tough one, this is your trial-by-melon!
Hey, that's my jerb!
As soon as they've finished polishing their knobs -- on the servers, of course.
No, and that is not a good idea, and know that I'm not one of those who have used these exploits. The gaming culture has a long history of users finding and using exploits; some would even say that doing so is just another element of enjoying the game. If devs really want to squash this, they would need to work on their end of "the game" first anyway.
This could work provided the real reason for all these problems isn't just plain ol' ineptitude.
Very nice but for one thing: Those hydraulic pistons would never be weathered like that because they simply would not work due to the damage they would be doing to the seals on the pistons. If you look at any working machine using these, you will see they are *always* clean and new looking if the machine is in working order.
On the upside, if you use rifleman and semi-auto on that combat rifle, it is pretty sweet! Better use of your ammo too -- and you can pump out the shots quickly when you need to do so. I tried the automatic receivers and noticed they were not working properly and so just stuck with semi-auto on that particular weapon. I'll look again once -- okay, if -- they get this fixed.
Happy Cake Day! Don't be depressed, be patient and hopeful: The core of this game is the world and the players in it -- it is good.
Nice to meet a person who knows how to business. Prosper, but don't expect to live long, not in this game.
The game is playable and enjoyable; thousands of people play every day and have fun doing so. Exploring is great in this game as the game world is very large with varied landscape areas and mobs. The game has some bugs and design elements which need worked on, just like any other game, but these won't stop you from having fun and exploring the world -- all that "game stopping" bullshit is just that, over-the-top bullshit.
Toxic Valley is so toxic it even spread to the code base: Buggiest area in the game. Granted, the competition has been fierce....
If it gets any thicker we will need to name it Bertha.
Only one chem at a time, but you can stack food- and drink-derived buffs into lower orbit and still use one chem too.
M14 with select fire, H&amp;K G2 with select fire, you know, some real .30 caliber rifles. A 1911 .45 pistol would be good too.
Server killer. You should be panned for that. ;)
Watoga. I was there earlier today and the vendor bot had two plans for T-60 in his list of wares -- if you had the caps.
Sorry for this separate, additional answer but I want to be sure you see it. There are *two* (2) bot vendors in Watoga; one at the train station, another in a separate building (this probably being the BoS trade bot.)
Go to Flatwoods church, take off any armor and just stand there, someone will help you out shortly.
Having a fridge that works would be a good thing; say, cuts spoilage rate by 80 percent or better.
&gt; The GOP Sees Rural Voters as More ~~Legitimate~~ Gullible Than Urban Voters Ftfy
My personal favorite Dogmeat dumb-ass move is when he blocks a door and gets you killed while trying to help you out in a fight.
Maybe you just haven't noticed, but griefers don't need to be able to kill you to mess up your game play and game time, they just need to be in your face obstructing your game play and using up your gaming time. Bethesda promised a game without griefers and they have not delivered on this. PvP folks aren't very happy with the results either from all I can tell. Simply put, the game play styles do not mesh well at all. PvE should really be called co-op game play; PvP should be called death match game play: They mix as well as oil and water. Bethesda *will* revert to separate game servers before it is done. Note that I'm not saying one play style is better than the other; sometimes I would prefer one over the other, but having them mixed like this means I don't get a satisfactory version of either and this needs to change.
I went to Lewisburg and all I got was an endless stream of super mutants with bad attitudes towards me -- was a great fight!
Bobby pins: 10 equals one pound.
PTSD means no nookie for you, bub.
B. has painted themselves into a corner of sorts with this premature release in that the game really needs additional content *fast* but with so much of the basic game needing fixed, well, what is going to happen first?
Top of the World.
Yes, it's a common thing when using a shotgun, at least for me. I do use the "Enforcer" perk card.
You can make those things at a tinker's worktable, and with the "Ammosmith" perk 2 you will make 80% more (40% with level one.) Really a valuable thing at times.
Weight-lifter weights turn into lead (there is a weight lifting room at that mole rat motel in Flatwoods.) Rat poison has five (5) lead per box. Those child wooden blocks, one lead each. Paint cans often have lead. In short, lead is all over the place and you simply need to learn what items contain it, then you will be bulking and selling lots of excess lead just like I do -- and that is *after* making ammo. You will want to get the "Ammosmith" perk which has two points; the first gives you 40% more ammo made and both points give you 80% more ammo made -- a great deal as far as perk cards go.
Welcome to Whitespring! Enjoy your stay.
This will happen sometimes in Fallout 4 as well, especially at the drive-in theater, but in that game on PC you can use the console "tcl" command to root them out. Can't do that with Fallout 76. One way they could make a fix for 76 would be a life-locater device for the pip-boy so you could determine where to place an explosive that would kill the hidden threat.
I found mine on a ghoul I killed in Whitespring and I've seen them dropped there by different mobs and players over the past few weeks. Walk around Whitespring and check dropped bags on the ground; many people just drop them if they don't want to use the weapon.
It's not plans, it's the "Home Defense" perk that gives you higher level turrets.
That is an error B. needs to fix. Laser turrets require "Home Defense" and "Science" -- and a huge chunk of your build budget.
I currently have two (2) points in Endurance; after this morning's fix I will have one (1) point in Endurance. This isn't a prejudicial thing, just this build doesn't have room for such pleasantries.
I don't use automatic weapons for this reason; accuracy and damage are lower as well. The one exception I make is for my 10mm pistol with a silencer which I use for lower-level mobs occasionally but usually just to tag-a-hit on mobs when doing a nuked Whitespring run.
Happy Holidays!
Travel with a friend, use the ["Rad Sponge"](http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/Rad_Sponge) perk card and share it between the two of you and you'll not have to worry about rads at all.
How about calling it "Buck Shot Plus One" -- for accuracy, of course.
Your accuracy and damage will both go down while your ammo usage will go *way* up! Don't do it, Chewy!
Follow the main quest loosely and follow side, misc. and other quest events as they pop up. The reason being is that this game is so grindy (because you and your actions have absolutely zero effect on the world around you) that you will probably not want to do another complete play through after you do the first, so make sure not to skip content.
Why not? It would be useful.
Marine armor *is* badass.
This is ridiculous; the game can't even exit to desktop properly.
Ghouls...I refuse to eat ghoul.
Jump higher laddie!
This would be much more useful to me.
Walking down some road humming ["Wherever I May Roam"](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/metallica/whereverimayroam.html) to Chally the Moo Moo.
"I like liver. Can I eat your liver?"
No, they nerfed it badly with that last update. What is worse is that the perk which shows the grenade arc and gives 15% range doesn't apply to the M79 launcher either.
It's a pie, you dolt. Congrats!
"I know, I know...let's make a flying bullet sponge that is so expensive and time consuming to kill that no one wants to do it!" "Fine. Next idea?" "Let's make a loot and shoot, but have the weight restrictions confound both the loot *and* the shoot!" "Bloody brilliant. Next idea?" "Let's release it *before* testing -- just for shits and giggles!" "You are our new CEO! What now brave leader?"
They bounced off the walls They bounced off the beds Until upset citizens cried, "Off with their heads!"
My Life As A Hampster, by Ieat T. Seeds Chapter One - Wherein I was born in a Vault and Was Ejected Forthwith...With Great Prejudice! It was a dark and stormy world....
On your first play through be wise and just follow the main quest, at least until you get a clue about the world and how it works.
I tried and tried to give a Furious .44 (Level 5) pistol to a level six newbie and for all my efforts I don't think they ever even saw the bag at their feet. Frustrating. Would be nice to have a "I have a gift for you!" emote or some such thing.
So what do you think is going to happen when most of the wealth is concentrated into a few hands?
You know your cat loves you when it tolerates this type of behavior.
His is a -23 new account. Mods should add a filter which keeps these weeds out of the sub.
Bethesda Games: Making horrible UI since always.
I spent in-game earned atoms on a race car bed...does that count?
Rattle spray cans are a cheap alternative only if you can't do basic addition or you only build one model per decade.
&gt; ...fix one bug and two completely unrelated bugs pop up. This is how you know for sure you really screwed the pooch when making your original code base.
...Should Lose All Player Map Markers Currently, Vault 76 and the wanted player's home base are still on the map, true? These should not be available either, which would eliminate all access to fast travel anywhere on the map.
The only thing I am really wanting is to have the ability to name my character as I wish and have that show to other players instead of my B. account name.
I'm not trying to avoid PvP, but to simply adjust the setting without having to use that horribly clunky UI to toggle an important and often-used setting on and off.
The tragedy of the Mistress of Mystery and her order.
Username checks out, but is somewhat abstract and possibly Australian in origin.
Time is an illusion; game time especially so.
Sure, but now when your weapon breaks you pass out and wake up in Bangladesh RL -- sucks, mon, sucks!
Psychotats, but yeah, user name checks out -- gangsta from the Mofos, don't cha know.
Another way to start it is similar, just get the veil and holotape off the dead woman on the railroad tracks by Camden Park.
Legendaries aren't rare in Watoga, at least in my experience.
I can agree that the world made for the game is beautiful, but that the game made for the world is poorly designed and incompletely and poorly implemented, and that the executive who pushed this out the door prematurely should be looking for a new job.
Nice theory, but you are ignoring Bethesda's long history of not learning *anything* from previous experience; it's almost like they have an ingrained NIH (Not Invented Here) pathology that utterly prevents them from learning anything at all and so the same stupid mistakes get repeated over and over again.
It is broken. The Pharmacist card does not register as being equipped *or* it's not listed properly in the code as being a requirement for the recipe. Very annoying. I have not yet found any combination of related cards which lets one make antibiotics.
Er...umm...DANCING GIRLS!
Tweaker's Law: When there is no obvious end game, gamers will make one for themselves.
No, you can make limbs be crippled using hip fire and aimed fire too.
Watching his videos during the B.E.T.A. is what kept me from cancelling my order because I realized those other yt-ers were just video griefers serving their own goals, so thanks Oxhorn!
And a "I have a gift for you!" emote so newbies know to look in the brown paper bag at their feet.
What do I think? I think the Democratic party is a sure bet to run some corporate shill as a candidate and we as progressives need to find a way to head this off at the pass and isolate those old, corporate dems before they give us four more years of Trump.
Yes, but it wasn't *built* as one -- PvP was a bolt-on addition which is pretty bad by all measures. Frankly, at this point the best way to fix it is to have separate servers for PvE and PvP and let the dog lie; those who want PvP can deal with it while the rest of us have an more enjoyable game.
To "drop" means you are discarding it, throwing it away. Do not do this unless you intend not to pick it up again. To "deploy" means your intent is to use it, so use the deploy command.
The 10mm pistol is often used to mark foes as being hit when in a high-traffic area like Whitespring, the purpose being that only marking instead of killing lets others get a mark on the foe too and so get some XP for the kill. This is especially important for legendary foes since only those who participate in the kill can loot the corpse for goodies.
Dogmeat strikes again!
Q: What do you get when you cross Fallout 76 with stable servers? A: No one knows -- yuk, yuk, yuk!
Needs the quarter panels too, imo.
I personally prefer the French version where they lop his head off and put it on a stick in the public square for everyone to spit on when the greedy old bastard refuses to acknowledge the society around him.
You don't have to trade, but just establish a bag on the floor first with a piece of food or a bobby pin, *then* transfer the valuable item into the bag.
Been there; done that. Want to grow them at my home because pumpkin pie is the bomb (MAX HP +40) for a food item.
This game is a lot of fun *if* you play with others in the game, but to play with others you need good comms (communications channels) and the in-game comms provided by Bethesda are really not very good for that, so use Discord as your means of in- and out-game communications and you'll be a happy player.
The only way Bethesda will be able to fix this PvP mess-ogopolous of theirs is with dedicated PvE and PvP servers so that those who want to indulge in stupid-lazy-math PvP can do so and the rest of us can avoid it properly.
Under-level-fifty players should not be allowed into the blast zone at Fissure Site Prime; they just screw it up for those who set up the fight and those who can actually participate in the fight. Low levels do nothing but make the queen invincible but they think that if they can just get one hit on her then when she dies they get high level loot -- but it doesn't work like that.
No, not as regards the levels of weapons, but after a certain point you are looking for weapons at level 50 with legendary effects which add to or otherwise extend the weapon's capabilities, and so in that you are weapon shopping always and forever. It's not a bad thing, so enjoy.
aka DINOs
You must just absolutely *love* the taste of mirelurk.
Yes, I'm not sure what happened but it did repair somehow. Thanks for the reply!
Such behavior was the norm just before the 1929 crash. Look it up and read the history for yourself.
I'm in the market for a refrigerator, but I like my stove. Can you match colors?
Radical leftist? What you been smokin'? If you think these two people are "radical leftists" then you're either an idiot or an historical ignoramus.
Isn't this the same con who claims to be "a stable genius" when he's just a mean, oblivious moron?
If you think Donald J. Trump can or will understand this, you are wildly over-estimating his intelligence and under-estimating his pride: The man is a pig-headed fool of an ignoramus.
He thinks he's making valid points; thirteen year old males can be like this.
53 centimeters, or 20.81 inches is the wingspan of the completed kit.
But, but...we the people are the product.
Q.E.D. - The subject matter of that simple sentence is Trump supporters, not Trump himself; thanks for proving my point yet again.
If you're not a Boomer or otherwise familiar with the show and the character, then yeah, it's not going to seem to be much at all.
The reason I stopped doing "skilled labor" in the U.S. in the early 1990s was that I realized that while a great many people want and need it, no one values it or otherwise wants to pay for it. Constant layoffs, frequent relocation for work opportunities, back-stabbing unions, front-stabbing employers, non-paying clients, down-the-nose sneers from virtually everyone else in society -- forget all that, do computer stuff. Fortunately for me, I was a high-end hobbyist with mad UNIX skills and so the transition was relatively painless. Dirty, dangerous work on or around machinery that doesn't pay well and isn't economically secure? You can keep it. You need it done? Do it yourself. Young people would be wise to avoid all that nasty business: Be a barista; you'll live longer and be happier. My anecdotal tale for your amusement; hope it helps.
The man thinks with his mouth.
Yes, I have done both on and off over the years, and both large and small companies. Small companies are much preferred over large ones.
That I don't know. Most of the ones I have dealt with as a customer over the years seem to enjoy the work, but that could just be my perception as a customer. Don't glom onto the barista example as a hard and fast piece of wise advise as it's just an example pulled out of the air for the nonce.
I really can't argue with that point as concerns this man.
It will be interesting to see how u/jaimmster twists this to be cheesy-farts related and if that indeed causes the world as we know it to end. Not the world as you know it, as we know it, which is somewhat twisted and now the loop is complete.
Surely you meant to type "enema" my dear: He flushes you out between the ears when your cheesy processor gets plugged up.
Now you've done it, duck. DUCK!
Bleak work world we live in these days. Thank you for your contribution to this thread, it is valuable.
Those buses in front of the Pop-n-Pills hospitals can be scrapped. Not sure about these little yellow ones, haven't yet tried, but will now.
Was the helmet blue? Did it have a chin guard too? Kids who bounce off walls and floors need them, 'tis true!
They both look poopy to me.
They are gray, and I forget what they give upon scrapping but you can scrap them.
When reality catches up with your lies.
I guess he doesn't have a little sister with a hammer....
Their greed renders them shame proof; in short, all you'll get is laughs and waves from them as they drive past you in their limos. You want change? When politicians are afraid to get off airplanes in their home states, then you'll get change and you'll get it fast. Until then, those people know they are getting away with the same profitable behavior that has worked these past forty years and they won't change anything unless it raises their profit margin.
Landclaim block feature. Use "e" to turn it on and off.
So did you ask u/42words for some enema love? You seem to be stuck on cheesy farts....
If there was ever any doubt that "business people" are corrupt to the core, it's gone for good now.
Are you sure that is a G model? Looks like an E or an F to me.
Waist gunner positions were offset in the G models too, or so I thought. Also, the nose gun ports on the left and right are not extant.
Zuul's grool is not so cool; it's really rather hot... &amp;#x200B; Be that good, be that bad, it's most assuredly not!
There are some certain things for which tolerance is not appropriate...unless you're a Republican, in which case it's all about how much money is in play.
With the DNC pushing Biden like he's some kind of hot, cheap avocado, I think we are in for a repeat of 2016.
"You are hot...no, cold...no, hot...cold...hot...cold...hot....
Joke's on the OP: Trump is an insufferable prick.
Aunt Judy and the schnapps -- again.
And a snivelling twat.
Titus: "That there's some mighty fine thinkin', Cletus!" &amp;#x200B; Cletus: "You aint Titus cause he caint spell n punciate any better than me!"
But, but...hypocrisy is what "conservatives" do best.
Well, if you can get past the idea of having to kill the same small group of zombies over and over ( and over and over and over) again and don't mind turning off the ambient sound at night and then on again in the morning so as to avoid the jarring and completely worthless "atmosphere" sounds that make these same zombies hard to hear and you don't keep playing a dead character once he/she/it dies, then the game can be quite challenging and fun. &amp;#x200B; Edit: I play on generated maps; got bored with Navezgane.
It's all in the context, my dear u/aliie627 \-- you are in r/ShittyAdviceAnimals where logic and reason are warped beyond recognition, but grammar and spelling are de rigueur. No one is quite sure about the laws of physics here either, so watch your head around those nasty doors. And beware the mods.
\*bow\* &amp;#x200B; Gold! Thar's gold in them subs! &amp;#x200B; Thanks kind stranger; let me return the favor.
Reddit is a great place with wonderful people for the most part. There are those subs where you probably don't want to go and if you wander into one you'll know it right away. As always and everywhere, mind your KCR (pronounced "kay' cer" and is an acronym: Kindness, Consideration, Respect) and you'll love this place.
Maybe Miley C. will do the song for us? It's sort of up her alley, so to speak -- oy vey!
Whatever happened with u/nuevomaxico , vacation?
The winning ticket in 2020 is Warren/Sanders -- in my opinion.
That would be my personal preference, but I think Warren/Sanders would win for sure. I also suspect that the Dem party establishment will find a way to nix a Sanders nomination before it ever has a chance to happen.
That is because in the USA it's corporate profits first, which is what happens when your national politicians legalize bribery for themselves.
He's a thirteen year old edge lord; just report and block him.
Think of Trump as The Beacon of Stupid; he attracts stupid people like moths to a flame.
Spin that shit: Biden's political maneuverings are as graceful as a walrus on rocks.
Because, because...you'll turn into Scott Baio? I'm so confused....
People who knowingly, willingly do things like this to fellow beings for profit should be prosecuted and even executed for crimes against life. The only way to keep these corporate psychopaths in line is to make them fully understand that their behaviors will surely be their end.
I'm betting she'll want Cheesistan for the win and Mozzarellaville for the runner up.
SBD - Slow But Deadly &amp;#x200B; The Imperial Japanese Navy never recovered from their losses at the Battle of Midway and this is the plane that sank those four Japanese carriers. Respect!
Nuclear only works if you ignore all the costs involved, which is the industry's favorite trick when trying to foist this poisoned tech onto the American public's debt pile. Your argument is otherwise disingenuous in that you offer up this one fallacy in support of such a vast generalization concerning, 'both ends." If you were an educated person, you would be embarrassed for posting such tripe.
Pot roast wins -- again.
Should we give our banana republic a new name, folks? Corrupt-istan?
No they wouldn't; most of them would not say a word whilst looking the other direction and pretending to be interested in whatever is happening over there.
No one who lies like her has a conscience.
Old Joe Biden: Sir Touch A Lot.
Governments do not "lead" so much as they reflect the will and the expressed authority of the populace. If your government is "leading" then you have a rogue government you need to deal with as it is under undue influence from some minor segments of the populace. This happens when a populace loses its cohesiveness, its collective sense of values as expressed in goals for a mutually desirable future. This loss of cohesion must be rebuilt or the society being "governed" will continue to fracture, then wither and die.
The difference being that you do actually have a chance to win the lottery.
Sure: Free to starve to death on the streets without health care whilst worried the police might shoot us for starving to death on the streets. &amp;#x200B; Sure: Free to try to earn a liveable wage whilst the neo-rich and traditional rich buy up all the housing to use as investments with the money they make sending American manufacturing and services elsewhere for expanded profits, jacking up housing costs so we non-rich people can all live on the streets. &amp;#x200B; Sure: Free to vote for whomever the oligarchs decide will be available for as voting targets -- vote for your party-passed, oligarch-approved, soundbite-friendly-but-content-empty politician today! &amp;#x200B; Off with their heads.
\- Separate sound controls for ambient versus "atmosphere" sounds. I like the birds and natural sounds, but you can keep those other things. \- Variation in zombies, please! Killing the same ones over and over makes me just turn them down and off as much as I can. \- RWG fixed. These cookie-cutter new worlds are not as good as the previous bunch, although the roads are better. \- Solar banks and cells expanded upon. Being able to occasionally find and loot them would be good. \- Built-in permadeath/Ironman mode for those who think they're good but are really just lazy cheaters.
Physics lesson in lever action for a slow learner.
Joke's on Fox "News" again: The rest of us know Trump can't think.
Paid to Lose. Would not be surprised if that was the entire DNC strategy after the Neo-liberals took over once Bill Clinton left office. Obama would have been the dark horse spoiler that ruined it for their losing candidate -- who would have been Hillary Clinton.
Sir Touch A Lot Strikes Again!
Yeah, this is pretty dumb, but if you have ever had to be around one of those few people who punctuate their speech with the word "actually" then you can see the humor in this one. Gods, I knew a person from the Northwest U.S. who would cram four of those into any given sentence. Most annoying thing since the abuse of the word "awesome" back in the early '80s.
How can I forget? They're in my ear all the time at night unless I turn ambient sound down to zero. Still get them during the day but the volume is much lower unless I'm in a wasteland area, then they are higher. Sound is a mess in this game (17.4.)
You can find a working table saw in the front room of a certain type of small house and a pair of table saws in the Aldo's Cabinetry shops. Both are easy to clear and loot early game, imo.
Little mind trying to use big words....
When all else fails, shoot the messenger: temporary satisfaction is better than no satisfaction.
Doesn't correctly depict evil intent; this is a miss, cartoonist.
Ignorance is often the better part of bliss: Don't tell her, she'll never know.
You're a noisy bastard? Hey, you asked.
Look at the current "system" and you quickly realize that any "middle ground" on change means that the ninety percent gets screwed. &amp;#x200B; Besides, I didn't see anywhere in this article where Warren says "she would accept Middle Ground" but only where is says there are many paths to a single-payer, universal health care system for the U.S.
I think the U.S. got the worst part of the exchange.
Coolness! There is a recipe on the internets for a cornmeal crust blueberry pie....
A jesus for every occasion! Get your very own personalized jesus for your very own special needs, just $99.99! Only while supplies last: Don't tarry, order today!
I'm not sure what these alt-right idiots do best: Hypocrisy or projection.
You can't debate them; that's the whole point of their attitude and behavior. They are like little children who simply want what they want and don't care about anything or anyone else.
Both the Senate and the House at the Federal and State levels have implemented extensive rules over the decades which make it impossible for a third party to have even a ghost of a chance at participation in governance: It's not an accident that we have a two-party-only system.
War pig!
Could be he's just making himself feel better now because he knows he is going to prison later.
"It **depends** on what the meaning of the word 'is' is." -- some mealy-mouthed, lawyer-trained politician who was President of the U.S. at the time.
Yeah, I've been there -- cat tries to purr you to death. Horrible.
The Greatest Generation was followed by The Silent Generation, but you already knew that, eh?
That is Bob's base. I've seen them jump on each others heads and get over that fence. It is the only trader base where I've seen that happen. Bob's a great guy, btw.
Found the capitalist.
My weekly contest submission. When all else fails -- and you're dealing with Americans -- make a limerick!
Yeah, that's what all the girls say.
...still wins contest: Color me grumpy. I have to admit your winning entry was truly shitty in the most fundamental sense of the word, so congrats -- I suppose.
Going overboard with the sexual innuendo on any given Wednesday means nothing at all, but I admire and appreciate your attitude.
Yeah, didn't we just do this last week? Maybe we need to start a "Release Date Pool-A-Thon" and the person closest to the exact time and date of the actual date and time wins something really cool -- but it doesn't have an end game!
Welcome back, blotter! Ahem, er, was it blotter?
Yeah, I just could not resist.... Cheers!
You must die frequently? &amp;#x200B; For my own play, I build the leather armor ASAP and keep it in good repair. It keeps me from getting one-shotted by just any random zed. I do put points into the Light Armor perk as well. Also, and to put this in context, I do play dead-is-dead mode exclusively. Currently have a level 195 who has never died....
This isn't about your personal freedom of speech issues, it's about not having to be constantly trolled over the rest of reddit by these walking pieces of shit coming out of r/T_D and r/cringeanarchy etc. There is the concept of "freedom from" in addition to "freedom to" and I want freedom from these nasty, hateful bastards. Personally, I don't care if they want to circlejerk with their stupidity, but I don't think I and others should have to hear it if we don't desire. The problem is, once these cesspools are allowed to coagulate on reddit they spill out their shit over the rest of the site. In my opinion, quarantine is not enough and these types of subs should be banned as fast as they pop up.
Yeah, amazing how people miss the full implications of using the mythology of Christianity to push a morality based on belief-based religion: It just doesn't work for smart people and the dumb ones, well, they end up feeling lied to and cheated before it's all over.
One has to wonder just what the DNC is thinking, trying to shove Biden down our throats like he's some type of wonder-progressive ready to right the wrongs of modern day capitalist America. He's a corporate whore; always has been, always will be and anyone who spends five seconds looking at his history knows the truth of Joe Biden.
Apples and oranges, although they were all fighter aircraft. If I had to choose which one to bet my life on, it would be the F6F simply due to that radial engine. Inline engines were and are notorious for dying quickly after taking little damage, but those radials would get you home!
Rumor has it that eating the paste as a kid results in thicker precious bodily fluids as an adult. Science is still studying the matter.
Heh, nancy boy...right. You're such a girly girl -- a guy would have put a dead squirrel in the vent duct near the windshield wipers.
Sure, but he deserves it.
Thanks! You're my favorite corgi of the day!
It's the smiling face on the cashier that provides the humor, imo.
The only things effective against the right-wing "conservatives" are legal action and gutting their wallets -- anything else is just wasted energy.
Right idea, wrong tense.
Yeah, that's some pretty dark humor -- a sign of the times, I suppose.
One can avoid cognitive dissonance of this sort by not listening to idiots in the first place. I know, I know...sometimes it is difficult, but a moronic, ill-spoken idiot like Trump is pretty damn easy to tune out.
Reported as violation of sub rule #2
Hidden punch line: It's a rubber donut.
It isn't based on anything other than what we already know. An analogy might be the surfer on his board; he can get some really decent speed just riding a wave, with the bigger wave giving a faster ride. These guys are talking about making waves in space/time in which a vessel can travel.
Nap tester.
Often math follows theory. Did you read the article? Besides, the physics and the math are already there via Einstein and Quantum Theory; like I said, "...what we already know." It's an interesting idea if nothing else.
Me too!
False equivalence. You have to be either really dumb or raised for life in a closet to think this is true.
What? Get your screw tangled in someone's net -- again?
Thanks for posting this invaluable resource! &amp;#x200B; Folks if you haven't read this at least once, you are cheating yourselves. Mark it; reference it!
Everyone loves an optimist...until things go South, then it's to the gallows with ye, so be cautious my pretty!
U.S. Senators cannot be recalled by the voters. The only way to be rid of a U.S. Senator is if they die; if they resign; if they are removed by the Senate; if they lose election to the seat. McConnell is abusing his position and he knows it, but he also knows there is no one who can do anything about it.
Females and people of color are just as subject to being bought by rich men as anyone else; gender and color isn't a solution to having a political system that is for sale.
Trump and his base are the cretin underlayer of the U.S. These types have always been around but Trump was successful in commandeering a political party that panders to that cretin base and now they are committed to their doom -- and possibly ours as well.
Sticky! Can I say, "eww?"
Nice, but needs a sammich.
If you follow the money spent on war and "defense" -related things, you'll soon understand how this cartoon can be so true. Humanity needs to make gaining profits from war-related things and services illegal and with some amazingly harsh punishments for those who violate the law -- get medieval on their asses!
We need more flappers!
Damn...doesn't get much better than that!
I'll try again, but past experience suggests a lot of things stop working properly when the HUD overlay is turned off. Granted, I haven't done it since early Alpha 17, so here's to trying!
They are belief-based zombies who want to eat your brains so you can become a zombie too! As metaphor, this is really a rather good take on the situation.
They'll put it on "the card" so other people down the line will pay for it: It's the Republican way!
If you are asking what is the end result of all that expense, pain and suffering, well, I suggest you ask the people who buy our politicians, but then you would have to ask the politicians about the end result and they would suggest you ask the people who vote them into office, but then you would have to ask the voters about the end result and they would suggest you ask the wealthy people who buy our politicians and the cycle begins anew: 'Tis the cycle of obscene American wealth.
More like Utah; watch out for all those twenty-eight-year-old grandmas.
As a person who has experienced dysentery, I have to agree.
I'm looking forward to that distracting trick where he falls through the trap door in the floor and the rope around his neck snaps taut.
Shit, I think we should sell his ass to them for tree-fiddy and a quart of milk.
That, and lye soap.
So is believing in a sky fairy who grants wishes to those who talk to him about their personal problems; there may be a link....
OP misunderstands Trump's mentality...he'll do both.
I see the light!
Arrogant ignoramus is arrogant...and ignorant. Oh, forgot pig-headed too!
"...impulsive, foolish president..." -- from the article There is the problem: Fix that and the other problems can then be addressed. Anything short of removing Trump from office isn't fixing anything, only allowing everything to get worse.
Well, after Trump's actions and threats, I can't say Zarif is wrong....
She's a con; she cons women into buying worthless trash. Probably a Trump supporter too with that mindset.
Careful: Looks like she could be jailbait.
Let me know when that industry is completely "toes up" so I can sing a happy little song, do a jaunty jig and throw some coin around; until then may there be a pox on *all* their houses.
Your definition only works if the concept of fraud is considered to be a type of business, which, in the U.S., it is: See the Health, Financial, and Religious Industries for a plethora of examples.
Good one! What a fruit!
You may be a cunty New Yorker, but you're *our* cunty New Yorker! Say, isn't Donald Trump from New York? WTF NEW YORK!
Well, that too I suppose. I wonder if anyone has ever bothered to interview the lobster in such instances -- could be entertaining!
Guess who profits most from war? It's a tough one, but you can figure it out, I'm sure -- just keep working on it and you'll get there...eventually. Here is a hint: who owns what?
Well that's a loaded reply if ever I read one.
Umm, mari-ja-wannas really fuck up your short-term memory, Becky!
Like Gwyneth Paltrow, for example?
Trump is covering for McConnell by keeping him from being investigated for corruption by the Justice Department while McConnell is covering for Trump by rigging the impeachment trial in the Senate. This only results in a happy ending for them if they never lose their positions *or* if they bolt the second the game is obviously over.
Riches and shame are rarely found in the same person.
A hook to the OS so I can set up a flashing light alarm when my base gets attacked at night. I often need to do around-the-house chores when it's nighttime in-game and it's just not practical to use sound as an alarm in my apartment, so a light would be best.
Look in a mirror and repeat this until it finally sinks in: "I have conservative friends: What does that say about me?"
Or the House could re-open the investigation and continue with further articles of impeachment; it's not like there is a lack of material to work with in that regard.
That sure is a lot of millions leaving the state, which is galling considering Idaho is an agricultural state and could be serving that market itself. These religious people sure are expensive....
Donald J. Trump: King of Projection
Perhaps it's a honey-pot being used by the government to ID these right-wing idiots so they can be tracked easier.
Hillbilly motorbike!
Some of us were klappen-ing in 1969, yo.
Some of us were sex-numbering in 1969 too, yo!
Moscow Mitch McConnell likes him in office and only Moscow Mitch's opinion matters; this isn't even an oligarchy, it's a monarchy, the monarchy of Moscow Mitch.
At this point, the only thing Trump could do that might earn a peace prize would be to resign immediately.
What if I told you odds and statistics are not the same thing? Well, the humor would fly out of that meme like hot gas out of u/jaimmster
Lolling, lolling...go fur it, dude!
Tenderizing technique is crude but effective!
Seal got hammered!
Methane or acetylene? Inquiring minds don't want to judge, only to be prepared...just in case!
So give Trump a Piece prize; he has rendered the U.S. into pieces.
Nice work outside that upside down decal. What kit and scale?
The U.S. insignia on the side behind the cockpit, it is upside down. Still very nice work though. What scale is it?
...but really nice blonde!
Let's give credit where credit is due: Hillary Clinton has all the personality of an old, worn shoe. She makes a fine backroom wonk, but she's a lousy politician.
How quickly everyone seems to forget that the 2016 election was widely considered to be "a shit sandwich" because both the party presidential candidates were really poor choices, with the electorate squished in between.
A sad, old queen.
Uh oh, another one escaped from T\_D....
He's a T\_D sub member, what do you expect. Block and move on....
She lost the election, fool, even after getting the popular vote -- worst run campaign in memory.
Warren presents herself and her "plans" as progressive, not neoliberal, which is really just conservative-lite.
You are right, she is much more a progressive than a neoliberal, which is why it's surprising that the r/neoliberal subreddit likes her so much, if indeed that is true. Personally, I don't know anything about that sub; visiting it has all the appeal of going wading in a sewer.
Media has gone dark on Trump's taxes as well; haven't seen any real news on the subject in awhile now.
Missing an important one: &amp;#x200B; **Lesson 7: Objective Truth** Objective truth is a real thing. It has much greater value to both individuals and society as a whole than beliefs and belief-based systems operated by charismatics. With objective truth it is possible to avoid the traps and pitfalls that the charismatics want to intentionally lead society into -- for their own benefit. Objectivity: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Objectivity\_%28philosophy%29](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Objectivity_%28philosophy%29)
How about we test that, but with a rich man made to pass through the eye of the needle. Gonna need a blender!
It won't work as a cleaning solvent for oil-based paint; enamels are oil-based paint.
Be rid of the rich, be rid of the wars.
If you examine her record as a prosecutor, you wouldn't want her in that position either: She disqualified herself years ago with her behaviors when in positions of authority.
Trump is an ass...and we *all* know it.
CNN commits an act of intellectual dishonesty -- again.
But...but, what about cocaine Mexico? And canal Mexico?
Granaries; farms; one certain type of mansion has an attic full; many houses and garages have some in the basement and the attic. Farms are my personal favorite though.
Isn't that the plane Boyington posed in for the photo op?
Oh, look, yet another teenage edgelord wannabe. Get an education and maybe you'll get some understanding of humor on the way.
My plant fiber clothes never look that good...I must be doing something wrong.
MAGAt mentality is like unto a vampire's: They can look at a reflection of themselves forever but will never see the truth of it all.
Point is made well, but just know that Biden is not a Boomer, he is Silent Generation.
It (the psychosis) was already there; Trump has just molded it to his likeness.
We all have our priorities.
Not yet but it is still early in the day, so have hope, grasshoppa!
OP's title is incomplete: The United States is Starved for Talent...that will work for peanuts and not complain about their poverty.
It's dog whistle for the media: "My brows are furrowed. Please report."
"...designed to attract the lowest of the low." Yeah, but they're so *good* at it! /s
Classic photo of Salvador Dali and Man Ray. I think they would approve of my use of this photo in this way.
Overall, yes, a very good weapon. You'll need to have the parts to actually build the thing though, so that is a consideration; you might not be very happy buying the schematic only to realize you don't have the parts to build and won't for a good while yet.
How these Senate Republicans think Moscow Mitch has been a good thing for them I just don't understand. On the theory that he's just the presenting target who takes the heat, well, no -- he has made the entire Republican-controlled Senate the target and not even a moderate Republican is going to be able to sleaze their way past this point in time.
Some months ago, yes, I was considering her an equal to Sanders but when it became increasingly obvious that wealth was bending both her ears and her positions, she lost favor. This latest, the smear, is a Clinton-style, realpolitik maneuver that smells like compacted feces coming out of the bum of a bum. I'm mostly just disappointed because she had so much potential. As a first female president, I think I'd rather go with Amy than Liz Warren if only because Amy seems more honest in comparison, at this point anyway.
Best to acknowledge the reality of any situation and that situation's reality is this: There is no cure for stupid. Does not matter what is causing the stupid, it simply cannot be fixed. Occasionally one will hear about a person who experienced some type of cathartic event that caused their brains to rewire, but this is rare. Also, certain psychedelic compounds have been shown to have the ability to let the user rewire where needed (memories of traumatic events, OCD looping behaviors, etc.) Why do I focus on the stupid? Because that is what this is: Trump and the other Right-wing cons know full well that a person who will buy into the sky-fairy con will buy into another, similar con...and another...and then another. These people are lost to their stupidity, so do your grieving and get along little doggie.
So would I, but she's not eligible until she turns thirty-five.
Sandy SPAD!
Reasoning is sound...approved!
No, mostly they're just mentally lazy and emotionally "challenged" ...but the rest are just plain stupid.
I'm calling for his removal from office, he is not fit.
Gas bag.
I would buy these, USPS.
Yup, you can tell who Joe hangs out with, admires and loves to emulate.
Build up, not down. Zombies can't fly, but they sure can dig!
Looks more like a sewer to me....
Repugnant-cans serve only the rich man's dollars; everything else is a ruse.
What's that old saying, "You are what you fuck?" What say you, spud?
These crazy modern kids: Face surfing is now a sport. Back in the day we used our butts plopped on a piece of cardboard. Too tame for this crowd, I suppose.
Rhetorical question is rhetorical.
Yeah, Nazis are like that.
If Hillary really wanted to help she'd shut the fuck up and go lock herself in a closet until next December.
Maybe, just maybe...u/GangControl read it wrong this time! Have we seen a verification from him? No? Well, there you go then....
Tumbleweed zombie: Any zombie can curl up into a ball and roll at you fast to close distance, but they have to uncurl and stand up when they get to you before they can attack.
Bullshit. Moscow Mitch McConnell is doing exactly what those Republican Senators want him to do or they would vote to remove him from the position and put someone else in to do the job properly.
Because that is the feed trough at which these "representative" politicians feed most heavily.
How appropriate that these U.S. Senators, sworn to uphold the law, fidget with toys whilst undermining the rule of law in the U.S. with this sham "trial" of Moscow Mitch McConnell's: They're not even pretending to be serious about their positions at this point in history.
I offered up a positive solution. You could just not be a smartass.
That gagging sound heard 'round the planet is Hillary choking on her words...again.
The rich man's attitude writ plain; that his paid political toadies execute his desires is not surprising.
These "conservatives" respect neither law nor logic, so why does anyone think anything other than handcuffs, jail time, fines and poverty will do anything to make them behave properly?
It's all around great. As concerns the font, I got used to it so fast I completely forgot they changed it in an hour or so.
It is the "why" that is most revealing: Money.
Well, rancid bag of piss is pretty good, but not as good as a putrid puddle of enema discharge.
You can make flat flagstone blocks that look like sidewalk, then paint them. Be nice to have some dirt paint though.
u/42words we both know they are not smart enough to connect "easy" and "problem" in this sentence. Even if you were to make the solid point that Trump is a clown, they still would not get it because dumb people and humor do not mix. But still, I admire your fortitude!
Republicans are intellectually dishonest, but then we already knew the truth of that from their behaviors these past years. What is astounding is that these people are trained lawyers in a country supposedly governed by law, yet who intentionally undermine it with every action. One has to wonder just what their end-game is about with Trump and his mob.
He's going to Epstein himself any day now.
He's like Hitler insisting to his generals that he knows best -- and probably to the same end.
Too late; all that waffling about M4A killed my interest: She is not a progressive if she's not willing to stand up to the moneyed man and fight for the rights of all. The middle way of the Neo-liberal is failed policy from the Clinton era and should be flushed away with a very forceful enema, metaphorically speaking.
Screaming turds on fire have more credibility than this site. Mods, are you awake?
Pizza guy for the win! I think...it's a definition and perspective thing.
Seems to me that if Trump and his mob continue to threaten the Senators then McConnell has good justification for having the vote be secret instead of public.
Heads in the sands of convenience is more apt.
One does not.
Too kinky for me!
Stupid people gotta stupid.
Biden is burdened by Biden's positions these past forty years; don't try to put it on Obama or anyone else.
Exactly right, impeach him again as fast as possible, send it to the Senate immediately.
"Joe Biden is a zombie candidate telling zombie lies." -- from the fine article
Painting should be part of the assembly process, not an after-thought. Sorry, but you'll not have good results trying to paint these now.
...says the life-long institutional racist. Seriously, does this guy not understand that his entire political history is available for anyone to access?
Er, pangolin?
Sometimes it reminds me of a shy turtle; other times it's just a pushy cat of some variety. But no, no pangolins hiding in pajamas here.
"Doin' It For Dollars" should be the new GOP motto.
Why? Because we allow rich people to buy off politicians, that's why.
Understand the Democratic party leadership wants to *replace* the Republicans in the eyes of the wealthy, and when this truth about their motivations and goals is acknowledged, all their behaviors these past decades make perfect sense: The Democrats have become the new conservative party, replacing the GOP after it has gone off the cliff of belief-based irrationality. If you want something else, well, you cannot have that in America now.
It's the Rich American's machiavellian strategy: Keep the eyes off the prize of their extreme wealth and political power, else the population might want a fix for this problem.
When encountered, counter it with an appeal to human identity; most people quickly realize that denying the humanity to others leads to a bad place for themselves eventually. Those who don't either have a different, specific agenda or are a member of the truly stupid minority. If you want to address root causes of this behavior, then you have to fix the big pools of wealth; it's rich men who have been funding this push to belief-based irrationality these past four decades. Either take away their wealth or put such onerous restrictions on its use that they don't do this any longer.
The Attorney General of the United States -- a legal representative of the Republican GOP, the party of "law and order" -- explicitly orders law enforcement officers to violate the First Amendment rights of Americans so Trump can stage a horribly acted photo op which does nothing but generate ridicule from most Americans and other humans around the planet. The silence of Mitch McConnell and the U.S. Senate Republicans certainly is telling; seems they are more concerned about irritating their financial donors than anything else. Who are these rich men who buy representative governments only to make them not representative?
The market will probably go up because the billionaires are just circle-jerking now -- there is no longer any connection to the real world.
Damn good question; article is good too.
UBI is the graceful way out of this, but these belief-based "conservatives" who want to world to be their fictional version of the 1950s U.S.A. are going to have to be dealt with first. Voting them out is the first attempt; if that doesn't work, then things will get ugly quick. \[UBI\] [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic\_income](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_income)
If the only way a "business" can make a profit is to screw over the people actually doing the work, then they have no business being in business.
A real-life Barbie Doll figure on this one: The very definition of level ten hotness!
I would *pay* to piss on Ronald Reagan's tombstone.
She has one of the most perfectly beautiful human female faces. Google image search shows you the truth.
We have a horrible infestation of too many rich people without ethics; it is the root of all of our social problems.
Thanks for the info.
She's a beauty!
"~~The Planet~~ Our Species Is at Stake" FTFY It's not real until it's personal with those clowns, so don't hedge the truth of the matter.
The real question in my mind: How is it that so many Americans still support him at any level? It's just bizarre that so many could after all he's done.
True. Still funny though.
Sure, but how many dollars did Mitch pocket in the process? Without that information, the story is not a complete Mitch McConnell tale.
This is some of the best advice anyone will ever get for playing this game. Nitrogen should be the map generator for the game and the current in-game generator should be retired -- retired, as in taken out and shot then left in a shallow grave to stink.
r/CatsAreAssholes
Yeah, I'm not voting for Biden, but I am voting against Trump, so if Biden turns out to be my only "choice" in the matter, then he'll get the vote even though he doesn't deserve it based on his history as both a Democrat and as an elected representative: He may be better than Trump, but then so is my neighbor's chihuahua.
Socialize costs; privatize profits! Buy off the politicians with the profits to increase profits *and* keep the citizens from complaining about the costs *and* rig the tax system so the costs of the politicians is itself socialized. Seems that societies around the planet would benefit greatly from just fixing their corrupt politicians problems.
This is why you should not ever elect idiots, crooks and thieves to office. Never vote Republican: Their connection to reality is bad for business -- and everything else.
On day one? Put a perk point into archery, another into sneak attack. Get a good solid hit on the first shot, stand and back up during the next two or three shots -- dead pig, on day one with the crappiest bow in the game.
I can hear those vending machines snickering every time I walk past....
Trump will be the next to co-opt this once he figures out it works with some percentage of the populace.
Next-level fanciness; probably has a fuck-the-rules attitude too.
Best part of Fasnacht for me was that it suggests somewhere, someone at Bethesda finally gets that we don't want PvP so much as we want good reasons to get together and have fun with each other. It's nice to go do the parade, see other players and their outfits and silly antics, then go back to hunting scorched with a crossbow when it's all done. We need more events of this type -- Carnival maybe? P.S.: To the person using their grenade launcher as an impromptu fireworks display -- I love your style!
I find it useful for difficult-to-make items because they store longer and I can use them before they rot. Cranberry Relish is one item I use the ice box for; another is the Silt Bean Puree. Make up a batch, put them in the ice box, then take them out as I need them.
Real nerds wear straps on their glasses to keep from losing them; this guy is a phony nerd.
No, but then I did just hear of it yesterday, so I'll give it a go today. Cheers!
aka r/Conservative and r/Libertarian : Where the daft doth do-eth.
Protect the plastic -- with a coat of plastic. I use the Future trick/technique on clear plastic; before I touch it, just as it is cut off the sprue, it gets dunked in a liquid plastic called Future Floor Polish (it may have a different name in your locale.) Use tweezers to pull the part out and let it dry completely before continuing. This also makes the plastic nice and shiny, just like real glass. Pro Tip: You can use a flattened tip of a tooth pick to "edge" your paint, and, when you are done with the edging work, use a brush put the Future back on and you'll not ever notice the difference between the first coat and the last. This makes aircraft canopy work look great with minimal effort. You get a lifetime supply in the average size container of Future, so it's not an expensive technique -- but it surely does look nice! Note: If your clear plastic has been scratched, Future will fill in most scratches and make them disappear: 'Tis some wicked magic, that Future Floor Polish.
Price stuff to move -- fast! I don't care what they do with it after they buy it; resell, scrap, whatever works for you. Why? Because I'd rather have 100 caps I didn't have before and more space in my stash than have just the *hope* that some whale buys a middling two star weapon for a ridiculously high price at some distant, unknown time in the future. Too many people price their stuff like it's made of gold; I just laugh and move on.
That's the plan -- just ask any honest member of the GOP. Oh, wait....
Kinda like the planet, eh? Once it's flat, it's always flat. But seriously, what are you going to say when the flat goes away?
"Flattening the curve" wasn't just a social exercise with no further meaning. The point of it was to keep our exceptionally crappy health care system from being swamped to the point of being non-functional; in other words, just because the curve was "flattened" once does not mean it will stay that way -- and the threat is still very real. Let's look at that curve in two weeks and see if it's still going up like it is now....
"The first wave was not crushing." Do some research on the 1918 Spanish Flu and you will immediately see the parallels with our current situation. They didn't get hammered too hard in the first wave, relaxed precautions...and by doing so turned the second wave into a viral tsunami that swept the world, a viral haymaker of biblical proportions. That virus started in Kansas City (jumped to humans from birds or pigs) if I remember correctly. "I am inclined right now to say we will not experience another severe spike that we cannot handle." Boy, I sure do hope you're right, but the science and the history suggest you are as wrong as you can possibly be on this one.
I thought those were rather fun too; killing scorched with an energy weapon was a blast!
It's only a hoax when attempting to manipulate stupid people, who are ninety percent of the Republican base from what I can tell from experience trying to talk and reason with them: All emotional reactions in a belief-based, unreal universe. They are the neanderthals of the modern world.
You need to work on those comprehension skills, bubba; re-read the post you are replying to and try again.
Instigating .44 is my favorite currently. It's not my best weapon, but it is fun.
I look before I go up to vending machines; if anything looks odd or gives me that hinky feeling, then I just leave and spend my caps elsewhere. Vendors who are serious about selling to people should make their vending machines obviously clear of traps by setting them outside with quick, easy access.
"Businessman" Republican President and his minions turn out to actually be crooks -- who ever would have guessed.
Well, at least grandpa won the match.
I think the stupidity overrules the irony in this instance, but there is an abundance of both present and accounted for, obviously.
"May the Lord allow..." The irony is strong with this one. Edit: Why? For those who don't know, it was religious nuttery that got these two kids killed.
Don't let it bother you; it's in-game money and has no value other than what you can do with it inside the game, which is very little other than collecting more crap in a game already awash in crap. Some people like to collect the in-game money and claim it signifies something or other, but that is just in their own heads and is a reflection of their own personal values which have nothing to do with the game itself. In short: Petty people are petty.
I lived in the days when radio played good music...and the world was the opposite of GTA.
No, but you might get lucky and spawn a mini-me for yourself.
Maybe, but you'll have to wait 13 to 16 years to find out....
I have four in my stash and that's not counting the last one I got that I just ate. It's a luck thing; high luck, lot's o' pies!
Hint: Most of us didn't take her seriously in the first place.
Shit man, I can't get past Ra ra's quest to find her Bunabun. Tried like five times now and something goes wrong every fuckin' time. Really annoying. Didn't even try today; maybe tomorrow.
Beckett hasn't ever given me one that I can remember. Sofia did regularly, but she is so annoying with her constant whining that I had to can her permanently.
Of course they like it: If it's not black versus white then it would be poor versus rich and they can't stand the thought of that happening (the article in a sentence.)
When sharks have torpedoes.
"As Trump comes more and more to resemble Hoover, it becomes all the more urgent that Biden muster the imagination as well as the will to resemble FDR." -- from the fine article Don't hold your breath waiting for that to happen; Joe Biden is far away from being FDR material, by any measure.
No means no!
Standard police officers need to have their guns taken away. Only special units should be allowed to carry, and only called in by other officers on specific "occasions." This would do much to restore policing to what it should be from what it has become in the U.S.
Now *that* is some silly shit.
Republicans and the people who vote for them are a degenerate lot of self-serving fiends who should lose their place in U.S. politics for the next three generations, or until they finally understand that objective reality is a thing that cannot be wished away.
The greedy people have no internal limits on their greed and they sure as hell aren't going to accept anyone else's external limits on their greed unless they are forced to do so upon sure pain of extreme loss: Don't expect those people to play nice, ever...and you know what you have to do with people who won't play nice with others.
Sure, but bars are 95% of what passes for culture in Idaho, so who are you gonna call? Not the Bar Busters, not in Idaho.
Cats play rough.
So, was the bear McGirlvered?
Believers gotta believe.
Profits over a healthy populace, from The Wall Street Journal. Be interesting to see how they get those profits without the populace....
Classic Keystone Coppers routine. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keystone\_Cops](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keystone_Cops)
When you have to answer to the moneyed-man for your paycheck, then you give him the answer he wants. The only thing better about the Democrats is that they haven't gone over the belief-cliff...yet.
...but it is June 20, 2020 -- and the first day of Summer!
Trump Campaign Rally, aka, Magnet for Stupid People.
“I believe that there will ultimately be a clash between the oppressed and those that do the oppressing. I believe that there will be a clash between those who want freedom, justice and equality for everyone and those who want to continue the systems of exploitation.” *— Malcolm X*
"Freedom for me, not for thee." -- G.O.P. since always.
I have a problem with the first guy's statement in that it just isn't true for most of the 1%, who got a massive boost from their parents and their parents' parents.
Republicans insist we operate on their beliefs instead of objective reality, and when reality inserts itself into the scene, these same Republicans insist we ignore the realities in favor of their beliefs. This won't change until Republicans no longer control the levers of political governance in this state -- and nation.
Not wearing a helmet and bouncing your head off the tarmac like that usually means you're either dead or severely retarded for the rest of your life. Edit: Oh, looked like a hat to me, sorry.
She goes home, diddles to thoughts of BBC^(2) \-- care to bet?
This only works if the Republicans lose the Senate; otherwise, it's just another four years of Moscow Mitch and the GOP blocking everything they can.
No. Don't even ask.
Smells like old Republican ass, so Joe should be very happy.
Fun stuff, but watch the original first to get the full flavor. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TL470fJMi7w](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TL470fJMi7w) Video creator: Damn fine work, mon -- beautiful!
Artwork is meh; show itself was awesome!
Boom...burned!
As Capitalism fails a society, Fascism attempts to fill in the voids but only for a short while; both of these doomed to failure because they are in contempt of human nature, just like Communism. What is the solution? Hard to say because humans refuse to accept self-governance that benefits all and so avarice always seem to win, if only by wrecking all attempts.
One can no more separate economics from governance than one can separate heads from torsos; lack of one is ensures the destruction of the other because they cannot exist apart.
Because the Republicans and their alt-right minions insist that the virus is just a "liberal" creation meant to demean and defeat Trump; if anything else virus-related is accepted then their whole belief system begins to quickly fall apart, which terrifies them to no end.
No political support here for walking-dead-mummy conservatives, so stop asking already.
Tell that to Joe Biden; he's been playing that part since the 1970s and now they're rewarding him by giving him the party's nomination for President.
Not if my spending is way down, which it is and will be for a good while yet.
Yes, people get all upset about this but the fact is that a great many of these judges appointed by Moscow Mitch and Trump are neither qualified nor capable and so they will fail fast. Another factor is that their being "conservative" means most of them are dishonest crooks of one variety or another and so they'll fail in that direction as well, being impeached and removed as you suggest. The ACLU will be watching them closely, as will others. People who really want to see justice done will watch these Trump judges very closely and pounce on the first legal transgression: Judges are generally held to higher account than other citizens.
But...but...what about O-re-gone potatoes -- or are you trying to stir up a mess of potatoes? Where is the O-re-gone potato love, that's what I wanna know. All silliness on the side, thanks for the funny ride!
All appearances suggest he is driven by personal accumulation of wealth and power.
Good new, bubba! Regardless your information -- for which I thank you kindly -- times are now different and I really don't think these judges in question are going to get the same indifferent attitude from the general populace as those previous. Time will tell. Thanks again.
They're turning into dollar-chasing Republicans as you watch.
Truth: Young voters don't vote in numbers large enough to make a difference, so the point is moot.
I have days like that; it'll pass, just keep on chooglin'.
You can also bait those things, so instead of trying to shoot them out of the air, get on your bike, go a few feet, get off and if they have seen you, they'll be on a glide path down to you...and an easy shot/kill even with a bow.
Corporations cannot help but be evil; their values require it and the laws allow it.
Because our upper class profits immensely from doing so.
The irony is strong: The worst effected are the very ones who are themselves Republicans, at least in that state -- the old and infirm get hit the hardest.
It's drunks all the way down.
Low and slow is more satisfying for the audience and Trump likes to think he's a great showman, so perhaps he'll have the opportunity to oblige. As a Vietnam veteran, I really think he deserves this -- after a trial, of course.
MAGAts won't care because "beliefs."
Derpy dog is derpy -- but cute!
"...I am too annoyed by the majority of streamers..." You mean the streamer playing on a potato? Or the one who makes the worst in-game decisions about just about everything, suggesting he doesn't really know much at all about the game itself, much less about playing it? Or the one who just can't shut up for even a second, making you want to turn your headphones sound volume to zero?
Lying liar lies.
Rumor has it that today is my Reddit Cake Day and so I decided to share the fun. Enjoy. Edit: It's just a rumor; my actual cake day is June 30 but the Reddit notifier is saying it's today for some reason.
Cheers!
Demanding Trump resign? You gotta be kidding: You may as well demand a cat make you an omelet. If you really want to do something substantial, work to get those Republican Senators kicked out of office, the ones who refused to remove Trump under articles of impeachment from the House. That would be something effective and worth doing -- and is a target within reach. Don't waste your time and effort trying to get Trump to do anything -- not going to happen.
Finally. Wish I could have heard that meeting....
Technically, wouldn't that be a nerd-scraper?
I won't.
Coroner: Subject deceased due to complications of COVID-19. Redcaps:
Can confirm, DL-ing now in U.S. Mountain Time.
Stupid people gotta stupid.
Started A19 play-through this afternoon and chose Navezgane because I had heard there were a lot of changes and it is pretty much the base reference map for the game. Sure enough, much has changed in terms of POIs, including traders and their locations. Haven't progressed very far yet, but far enough to know it's not the same Navezgane of old.
I'm really excited by the twelve (12) level 2 stone axes I've looted on my first day; so much for that one point from the first four put into Lucky Looter. Otherwise, the game is much prettier, the zombies are faster and scarier and I can't get enough feathers for arrows yet. Alas, tomorrow is another day in Navezgane.
Make both ignorance and indifference shameful things in their minds, but be kind, considerate and respectful when you do so -- takes some finesse.
Because on a console you're driving a 1960 Volkswagen Beetle while the high-end PC players are driving 2020 Lamborghinis, metaphorically speaking. Granted, some PC players are driving a 1980s potato truck from Eastern Idaho, but that's still better than the Beetle.
It is probably being used by a block and you're seeing the "invisible" part of the block as the gap. This is common in this game for small build items which still require an entire block to make, so the devs make everything but the small item invisible and turn off collision, but you still cannot place a block there because that location is in use by the other block. The solution is to find that small item which is taking up the block location and destroy it, then you might be able to place a new block.
The upside is that most of the people who listen to these clowns and act on that bad advice are the ones who vote for the clowns in the first place; given enough time, these "conservatives" will reduce their own numbers quite severely.
