id be ok with an entire day of just italian spiderman gifs
&gt; Abe translates "please look at me" so Trump looks AT ABE instead of the photographers this is honestly a mistake i could see myself making :(
&gt; Here, it is clearly the simple reproduction of a well known pattern in an unusual medium. There is no invention, no thought, no creativity, no daring. The same could be said of a picture of a campbell's soup can or an updside down urinal, two of the most famous art pieces ever created, no?
yeah i suppose. does the conventionality of the medium determine something's art status?
So in your view, art must be daring. Yet in any fine art museum there are many landscapes and portraits that are utterly conventional, not only in the current context, but in their contemporary context as well. Not only do those not strike me as terribly daring, but it's doubtful a portrait artist even uses his art to express an original artistic thought or idea, as such works were historically commissioned by nobility as displays of wealth. So if I'm understanding you correctly, a commissioned portrait is not art because it is not daring. Would you agree with that?
I don't want to be right. In fact, I don't think when it comes to this argument there even is such a thing as right. I just want you to make a cogent argument, since you expressed such a strong opinion up top. I asked what made something art vs craft, and you said novelty. I gave an example of non-novel art, and you said art must be daring. I gave you an example of non-daring art, and you disengaged from the argument entirely, and lobbed an obnoxiously nationalistic insult to boot. &gt; If you can't be arsed to think through what I said I would contend that I thought through your arguments quite sincerely and couldn't land on a precise understanding of what you were trying to say, since it seemed there were notable exceptions in each instance. In fact, I think it's possible you were the one who could not be arsed to think through their argument in the first place before firmly planting a flag and declaring the OP to be non-art, since when your position was interrogated, it seemed to squirm around without any clear thesis. Having said that, if you would like to clarify, I would enjoy the opportunity to continue discussing it with you.
&gt; And still: Some things clearly are art, some things clearly craft. Well that's the devil of it, isn't it? I think your comment would have been wide to omit this statement, since there doesn't seem to be anything clear about it at all. Any insistence that such things are clear inevitably give rise to pertinent questions of art history, but also important notions of ethnocentrism as well. My guess is we were both educated in a Western context, and there are invariably examples of creative works by native people that wouldn't fit the traditional western definition of art, but that they would probably call art without batting an eye. Who's to say they're wrong?
&gt; Before you actually read it, it's the only thing you can judge it on. I bet if you think about it for a moment you can come up with at least half a dozen other heuristics by which you could evaluate a book other than its cover design.
Horween's financial incentive is to be liberal in its acceptance of creasing. One should probably interpret this article more as marketing than as content.
Everyone is saying your friends are jerks, but TBH they may have a point. Different jobs are compensated differently, and it's entirely possible your current contract is inequitable. Would obviously need to know more details, but if you haven't already, you should investigate what freelance rates for your respective roles are. You are hopefully already tracking your hours, and those two things shpuld give a sense of the financial value youre adding to the project. Typically, engineers spend more hours than writers on a project, and those hours are also more highly paid. If you're being paid the same, they may be correct to want to relocate resources.
don't hold your breath
Another crazy detail I found is that when Lea Thompson is trying to kiss Marty, he doesn't want to kiss her back, because even though she's a total smoke show, she's actually his mom!
&gt; Does he really have a legitimate reason to not kiss her because she's his mom though? Let me stop you right there. Yes.
Overall the construction of the video was really smart. You open up with the hunter monologue and re-seed that content throughout, but there's also lots of mini-beats that are really nice, too. * Stalking followed by acquiring prey (:16-:30) * Eyes/"Sir" (:52-1:11) * "No rules" immediately followed by "he's not gonna stop" immediately followed by quick montage of shooting (1:31-1:36) * Utilizing the natural breakpoint of the music at 1:51 to give further structure to the video But if it's ok, I have two small pieces of feedback. 1. I thought the audio mix was a little off, the music was a little too hot and it made hearing the dialogue difficult at points. 2. Did you consider any other closing lines besides, "My question for you is why?" The reading you have to work with is a little flat and it makes the video close a little flat. It trails off rather than come to a conclusion. If that's the line you want to stick with, did you consider goosing it with an audio sting? A reverb-y closing of a briefcase sound just to give a little finality would have been great in my personal opinion. But seriously, amazing job, I think this is awesome and would love to see you do something similar for Varga from season 3!
&gt; I didn't wanted the music to be too quiet too keep the... atmosphere, but it's an extremely dynamic music Yeah it's tricky. I have had to make micro-adjustments to audio to make sure specific lines/moments were clearly heard. If you do it gradually enough and stay within ~10% of the baseline audio, the viewer shouldn't be able to notice a slight shift, but that's more of a last resort for a specific situation, not something you want to be doing often. Overall, I do think the background music should come down a hair in your video. &gt; I thought that as I started my video with a quote about wolves, with this shot of the tape player, I would make a kind of loop. To end with the same shot as at the beginning Yes!! That was clear. I noticed that and it was great. End with the beginning. Classic structure. &gt; I didn't want to show Malvo death. Yes yes yes, this 100%. Do not show Malvo's death. The concept of this video is about his power. The fact that he dies at the end is irrelevant and would ruin the video. This is not a biography of everything that happens to the character. It's an insight into his best/most memorable qualities. Don't muddy that by showing his death. So because the actual audio doesn't give you the tools you need, that's where you use your SFX tools as an editor to help you tell the story. Don't feel confined to only using the audio present in the show. Your video is *your video*! If goosing the moment with an audio cue helps you tell your story, do it! I'd love to see what you can with a nice sharp ***THUD*** at the close of the video to tell the viewer, "This is over." Or some other concept. Just because that's my idea doesn't mean that's correct or the only idea. It's just one idea. You're the editor, and you made an awesome, awesome piece up to this point. I have 100% faith in your ability to do something kick ass here. &gt; Thank you so much, really. You can't imagine how much it means to me to receive these types of feedback It's honestly my pleasure. I know firsthand how much work went into this, and think you did a great job overall. I'm always happy to provide feedback, so feel free to hit me up if there's anything else you have question about or would like me to look at. I looked at your YT and you've addressed a lot of shows I haven't seen, so I'm not sure how much help I can be overall, but happy to provide some constructive criticism to a fellow editor whenever I can : )
Why does fashion need to imply judgment? Why can't people just wear what they like? I don't wear boot-cut jeans, but I don't care at all if others do.
i see. i reread your post more carefully, i guess I didn't think anyone would add Prisencolinensinainciusol to their local library since it's basically a novelty song. But yeah, that makes sense now.
Just in case you weren't aware, the concept of the song is that it's gibberish lyrics that are intended to mimic what english sounds like to someone who doesn't speak the language.
&gt; First off, there are four little divots in the right toe that are deeper than anywhere else on the boot. Most likely just an imperfection in the hide. Not sure if this is something they would accept a return for. &gt; It looks like the grain patter was buffed out or something. When the boot is lasted, tension is applied across the toe, and it flattens out the embossed pattern. It's not a defect, per se, but there's variance in what might be considered acceptable. Again, Viberg may or may not agree that this constitutes grounds for return.
That was the one thing I spoiled when I was playing the game, because I was so stuck and frustrated, and not the kind of stuck that's fun to figure out.
I enjoyed the game, but nothing can live up to the hype this game has, and I think that works against it when people go into the game for the first time after hearing how great it is. If you're not having fun, just quit. It's not like there's a cash prize for finishing it or anything.
Nothing. Just gave a polite smile and kept moving.
gosh never heard that pointed out before
Overall I think this looks really nice. The packaging and other peripherals are all really cool looking. I've never played a fallout game, and this is probably a bit more video game-y than something I would personally wear due to the radiation symbol, but it does look quite nice. I do somewhat wonder about the premium this costs over a comparable baseline Laco, and curious to see if there's consumer acceptance for a video game tie in at this price point. People seem pretty passionate about the fallout universe, and it's a small enough production run that I'm guessing you're confident it will sell out?
[this watch](https://media.giphy.com/media/vMnuZGHJfFSTe/giphy.gif)
Except "do as though wilt" isn't their core tenet, or any tenet of theirs, so I think it's fine. Unless instead of tenet you did actually mean to write tenant, in which case I'd need to see the terms of the lease.
&gt; i wanna know more about these secret agent hoes Little known fact, this was Johnny Rivers' original song title before eventually settling on [something catchier](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6iaR3WO71j4).
wow, the rare r/oldschoolcool post that actually shows an old school picture of someone looking cool that isn't their sexy mom/grandma, a celebrity, or just a completely normal, non-cool picture.
&gt; the first time I heard this song it sounded to me like Rivers was singing secret Asian man I think everyone thought that. I know I did. It's like "'Scuse me while I kiss this guy" or "There's a bathroom on the right." Just one of those things.
I don't think I know what the actual lyrics are to that, and have avoided looking because they're probably not better than "wrapped up like a douche"
Unless your uncle is Freddie Mercury or a sexy grandma, people don't seem to have too much interest in that, unfortunately. But hey, there's always r/funny.
Einstein was the og edgelord. respek.
Not sure, but do you have a .puz you can share? I'd be happy to try it and give feedback and/or tell you how great it is and how foolish NYT was for rejecting it.
A+ quality shitpost.
All 12 of them
Smart. They keep separate, special Michelin food under a glass cover for when the inspector shows up. When he gets there, they shatter the glass with a special hammer that says, "break only in case of Michelin", carefully brush off the glass shards, then Bing bang boom, you just paperclipped your way to a three star meal.
Live by the autocorrect, die by the autoeroticasphyxiation
...in a row?
im not remotely an expert in this area, but i would have said no fermentation could happen in a 40% alcohol environment, but if someone who knows otherwise wants to say that's wrong, that's cool.
They never cared. "Voter fraud" was always a dog whistle for orchestrated voter suppression.
You can copyright a phrase. You can't copyright a game concept. Nintendo can't copyright platforming just because it invented Mario, but they can copyright the name Mario and all of its associated creative elements (name, design, specific art assets, etc). That's how it should be, btw.
I am on discord, skepticaljesus#5656, looking forward to connecting sometime!
r/madlads
it's been a few mooches since i heard that name
Shrug. I've worked at... 5? 6? offices that had free beer. For the most part, people don't drink at work. I don't even think I've ever seen someone get drunk at work, except at the occasional work party, and even then nothing happened that they wouldn't be comfortable telling their parents about. The assertion that in your entire life you've only met a single responsible drinker means you either inhabit a very, very different reality than the one I do, or have a very different definition of responsible. But tbh, I mostly just don't believe you. Although it's possible you've only ever known one responsible drinker, it seems so much more likely and simple that you just have an unreasonable definition of what constitutes responsible.
I just don't believe that that new definition accurately characterizes every single person you've ever seen drink, save one.
This is more or less what I do. I don't have any strict rules, but as a guideline I try to only eat meat 2-3 times a week. If I go to a restaurant I can get whatever I want, and occasionally I get a nice piece of meat to eat at home, but for the most part just cook vegetarian in the home. I've found it way more sustainable than going 100% veg, which I found I inevitably ended up "cheating" on and then just going fully back to eating meat for every meal.
F
Except that getting appointed to trump's cabinet is highly correlated with getting sent to jail. See? The system works.
&gt; Basically they put so much effort into faking good quality, it would be easier to actually run a good restaurant. I didn't read the whole article, but skimming it, my impression is not that they're faking quality so much as actually running a good restaurant *and* going out of their way to spot and impress critics.
scoobus doobus
Don't be a jerk.
He's typically thought of as the founder of existentialism (him and/or Camus), so yeah you could probably say that.
This is great, and thanks for making this. One small suggestion I have that would be easy to implement and make the video more fun to watch is a moving line that shows where we are so that you the eye can more easily follow the ear, especially for someone untrained in reading music like myself!
Sorry, but this is fake, it's not worth anything.
&gt; Tip #3: Buy a watch that isn't going to depreciate (you think 99.9% of watches depreciate. The recent boom in vintage rolex aside, not only is this not even possible, it's also terrible advice. Watches aren't investments, they're a hobby.
&gt; Trump is terrified of confrontation wait, didn't he have a reality tv show where his catch phrase was, "you're fired"?
im not like those other dummies. I voted for trump because of the pizza parlor pedophile scandal
pretty excited for this, especially because Pee Wee's Big Adventure is my favorite movie.
idk they look pretty cute to me
I know who Paris Hilton is but I don't think I've ever heard of the others.... YouTube/Instagram folks I'm guessing...?
&gt; People don't want to see simple pictograms on this subreddit, they want to see ~~interesting design~~ negative space logos and impractical industrial design objects.
[Doro67](https://geekhack.org/index.php?topic=97265.0) is going to be my first custom build. Can anyone advise as to which stabs I need to order? My guess is 1x 6.25u and 3x 2u for LShift, return and backspace. But wasn't sure because shift and return are actually 2.25u and wasn't sure a 2u stab would fit, but that's all Cherry seems to make. I know this is a dumb question, but figured someone would probably know the answer. thanks : )
Not that I know of. I just googled him to see his picture and he doesn't look familiar, but it's possible someone might say, "he's the guy from ____" and I'd go, "oh him." But at first blush, no, I don't know who that is. Some sort of DJ, I imagine.
&gt; I'm not wild about guests not having a existing connection to the film. I think its fine, especially because my assumption here is that griffin and david will brings lot of prior connection. If no one has any background/history on it, that's one thing, but I'd be surprised if that's the case here.
Do feds even investigate state/municipal elections? I honestly have no idea. Neither answer would surprise me.
Yeah, but the last two years have been fairly elucidating in terms of the way things should work vs the way they do. If someone told me there was some sort of investigatory jurisdiction thing where the feds have no ability to intervene in state elections, I would say that sounds credible. Or they could say the opposite and that would sound credible too. Like I said, no clue how it actually works, but almost nothing would surprise me.
i would have put a little more teeth in that statement, but am sick of arguing with trump supporters on this sub. the last time i got linked to on some sort of right wing sub and got sent a few harrassing pms :/
&gt; It boggles my mind that people consider them left wing. Surely it's not that boggling to understand that political continuums don't exist in a vacuum, and are all relative. Our left is relatively far right on the world stage. Side note: that first sentence has two words with a double u. [How neat is that!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXZt4-LTtHw)
Sorry but we only know three things about NZ 1. LotR was filmed there 2. FotC are from there 3. Sheep outnumber people
It just doesn't sound like the Coens style to me. They don't do any other cutesy shit like this in their films, and Fargo seems like an odd place to start.
What's a good example of a secret detail?
Wow, been a while since I've thought about this movie, but that does seem intentional. Nice find
https://twitter.com/KevinHart4real/status/1070906075812118529
Outrage culture over "outrage culture."
[He looks like he's thinking of calling that new chick from logistics](https://imgur.com/a/bSFTdLw)
You don't know they didn't. Lots of things crash after being updated. Doesn't mean they don't care or that they didn't test.
&gt; so maybe there is context that I'm missing here. In my opinion, this is what makes the Peewee character so interesting, is how full of contradictions he is. The original HBO special is a *parody* of children's shows. It has the veneer and kitsch of one, but has a decidedly dark, adult sensibility, as evidenced by that clip. It's bizarro world Howdy Doody. Which is why it was so wild and weird that he got the chance to do Playhouse which *actually is* a legitimate kid's show with kid appropriate humor. Sure like a lot of smart, quality children's entertainment it had humor adults could appreciate, but it was all perfectly age-appropriate for kids to watch. Is Peewee for kids or adults? Is Peewee himself a kid or an adult? He's simultaneously raunchy while being oddly sexless and innocent at the same time. I totally understand and agree that it's confusing that the HBO special looks and feels like Playhouse, and it would be reasonable to assume they are the same, but they're really not.
i knew i knew this reference, but had to google it to remember what it was from. good pull.
There's plenty of "How Did This Get Made" discussion on this very topic if you're really jonesing.
See also: complaining about vegans or transgender folks, neither of which groups have I ever experienced to be pushy or aggressive and mostly just want to be left alone and treated with basic human dignity.
&gt; It’s a signifier of artistic value that someone would admit that something they didn’t like has enough merit to recommend Feels like damning by faint praise. There's lots of terrible movies that are visually striking. Some of them are worth seeing for the visual-spectacle-as-art, some are still a waste of time. But acknowledging that this movie belongs in the former category is just a straight up swing and a miss by ol' E-bear. As much as I liked Ebert as a man, and for all the culture of thoughtful, human commentary he brought with him, his taste and evaluation of movies was pretty hit or miss *in my taste and in my personal opinion.* Who am I? Literally nobody. But if he didn't like Peewee's Big Adventure, objectively the best movie anyone's ever made, then there's something seriously wrong with him.
"You're a prince among kings."
&gt; I wouldn't conflate those two groups I'm not, I'm describing my personal experience with two separate groups, which my personal experience has been similar with. &gt; I've just had a couple of ex girlfriend decide to go vegan while we were dating and decide I was going to as well, whether I liked it or not. Sorry you had that experience, that stinks. Definitely not a quality I look for in a romantic partner.
&gt; But also, what does the film (or the audience or the Coens) gain from us pretending it’s intentional? Why does anyone read anything into anything? Some people like finding connections because they find meaning in it, and some people like finding connections for connections sake because pointing them out makes them feel s-m-r-t. While I'm not insulted by the belief that they would hide the 30 minute thing in Fargo, I personally think it's a pretty serious misreading of the artistic intention of what are in my opinion the great living filmmakers. If we take as a given that their work is great, then it's worth examining. And if it's worth examining, it's worth examining properly. But, the flipside of that is that while I don't think the Coens would do the 30 minute thing, I think they would defend anyone's right to believe anything they want about their work. They are pretty clear that they have no interest in confirming/disconfirmining any interpretation of their work, and whatever anyone wants to take from it is fine. So I'm not insulted someone would read a weird detail like that as intentional. And I think it's fine if they want to. I just think it's a misreading of the work.
&gt; I'll have to check out some of his comedy sometime I guess. eh
&gt; As though somehow if this were a coincidence that would clash with their vision of these directors who (I'm assuming along with Stanley Kubrick) are made out of fairy dust whereas all other filmmakers are mere mortals. I think that is what they think. The logic is something like, "If [director] is a master, and [detail] is in their movie, then [detail] can't be a mistake, because masters don't make mistakes." The comparison of the Coens and Kubrick is interesting, because they strike me as very alike in their meticulousness and attention to detail, and very unalike in their intentions as filmmakers. While he would never come right out and tell you what his movies meant, I think Kubrick probably did have some sort of "thesis" or master intention behind each film. A clear, succinct, artistic statement about why this movie was made and what it's about. The Coens in contrast have outright said that's not how they work, and any parallels/deeper meaning you find are either incidental, or purely subjective and open to the viewer's interpretation.
&gt; Do the Coens have an an usually high attention to detail? I guess maybe. Yes. They require word-perfect fidelity to the printed script. Not only is there no ad-libbing by anyone under any circumstance (that I know of, and they're famously particular about this), but they don't even allow conversational deviations from the printed line, which is not typical of directors. It's also not a coincidence that they've worked so heavily with Roger Deakins as cinematographer, too, also known for his deliberate and precise style. &gt; But that would then call into question why IMDB cites 36 continuity errors, not counting the dozens of other goofs it cites. Not really. Or at least, not in my opinion. I haven't reviewed the entirety of the list, but there are no directors that don't have some kind of continuity error. Broadly speaking, continuity errors on IMDB fall into 3 categories: 1. A genuine error in continuity. (A character was wearing a hat in shot A, and it's gone in shot B) 2. An intentional choice by the director that they made for whatever reason (didn't think continuity was necessary/important in this instance, or some other artistic reason) 3. User error, not a mistake at all (IMDB is totally unvetted and user-submitted. Anyone can write anything, and they're not always correct) I imagine the Coens, and basically any director with a similar volume of output (especially high profile directors, or ones who have been as closely scrutinized as the Coens), have errors in all three categories on IMDB. To my mind, that doesn't make them not masters, but master isn't a technical definition, and someone might say a true master wouldn't have continuity errors. In which case, there probably never has been or never will be a true master. &gt; But what makes them masters has nothing to do with things like this coincidence, and I think it's unfortunate that more of the people who admire them don't do it from a more objective standpoint from which they might actually appreciate what it is that's unique about them. Different people enjoy movies in different ways. I think for some folks, the more elaborately interwoven the tapestry, the greater the mastery. That's one way to watch movies, and it's hard for me (or anyone) to say that's wrong. It's not how I watch movies, but I also wouldn't say my way is better or more correct either. People just like stuff for different reasons and in different ways.
tbh i dont think ive read the blue velvet review, but i'll check it out this afternoon when I get a chance, since I like that movie and am curious what he had to say about it.
First, I want to acknowledge that I appreciate your comment, and I think you're arguing in good faith. That's not something I would say of everyone on reddit, especially when it comes to social politics. So with that in mind, l'd please like to discuss your last paragraph, as I think it really cuts to the core of this discussion. Let's stipulate that we're both in favoring of punishing the guilty and not punishing the innocent. Goes without saying, right? But if so, the difficulty I have with your argument is that you only think outrage culture is that which results in punishing the innocent. You set aside all the high profile examples of what many would call outrage culture, but where the subject was found to be guilty. And I don't think you can do that. You can't have it both ways. If outrage culture is only that which results in injustice, then that's not anything new. There has always been injustice, and probably always will. If you find it helpful to group a new kind of injustice together and call that "outrage culture", you can.... but you're using the term in a very different way than its commonly being used, and you're going to get conflated with a bunch of people you don't want to be conflated with, and a bunch of arguments you're not making, so I don't think that's to your benefit. Where those 3-4 examples something that wouldn't have happened in a previous era? Did something change? Was the Lacrosse rape scandal a result of the shifting monetization model of media in the digital age? Or because of outrage culture? Or both? I don't know. Neither do you. The answer might genuinely be yes. Or maybe no. No one really knows. But on the flip side, there is something new that's happening in the current political climate, and that's that the guilty are being punished as the guilty in ways and to a degree that *is* new. Some people call that outrage culture. If you don't think Kevin Spacey is part of outrage culture, then that's great. We agree. But there are many who would disagree. But you can't say outrage culture is any instance where the innocent are punished as guilty and nothing more. Either the culture has shifted on a macro level, or it hasn't. But it can't only shift in the places where it supports your argument and nowhere else.
Pictures like this make me both happy and sad that school photographers have neither the ability nor the interest in dissuading kids from taking stupid yearbook photos.
It's no [Billy Ripken "Fuck Face"](https://i1.wp.com/www.sportscardradio.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/s-l1600FH-e1499969532762.jpg), that's for sure.
I've long maintained that my litmus test for whether I will like someone is how they feel about King of the Hill. Thank god my wife loves it just as much as I do.
&gt; "Do I still look heteorsexually Vice Presidential?" This was by far the funniest thing I've read in a while
&gt;And Schumer looked like a lion tamer. 'you see that, I got him to say the shut down is his' turns and has a look of *you impressed? Watch I'll make him say it again* &gt; In my head, i want to believe this matters. But in my heart I know that it won't, at least insofar as his base is concerned. He has had dozens, maybe even hundreds, of colossal fuckups so far, any one of which would have sunk any other president. If they didn't care about all that, they won't care about this either. They won't care about anything until the economy completely collapses and they feel some amount of personal financial hardship, at which point they'll probably say some insane shit about Hillary and the cycle will repeat itself
Dude you replied to posed a hypothetical scenario of someone selling weed out of economic necessity. Legalization is bad for that person, not good.
&gt; I'm actually ok with that. So brave.
That costs a lot of money in start-up costs for a product that's about to get a ton of new competition. Doesn't seem like a wise business move. Black market sellers strongly benefit from keeping the market black. It keeps out competition.
I wish the city had more great jewish deli. There's a couple of decent places, but deli is the one category where the burbs kick the city's ass in both quantity and quality of options.
Redeem is a pretty strong word for someone that cut a deal out of pure self interest. I'm glad it happened, but I wouldn't say it redeemed him, even a little.
I'm a long-time reader of this board (5+ years), but don't think I've ever filled out one of these intros. I used to comment daily, but although I'm still active on reddit for whatever reason I mostly just lurk on this sub. I got into footwear about 5 years ago when I found a pair of alden indy's for 40% off in a store closing sale. Alden is still one of my favorite brands to this day, along with Viberg. I'm also a mod of r/watches, so if you have any interest in timepieces please swing by there as well.
if it's even half as good as [his reading of Where's Waldo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvWh6PMi9Ek) I'll be pleased.
tbf neither did beyonce
none of the chinese restaurants in chicago give you spicy mustard like they're supposed to and its such a shame
The only one I've been to in the city that I'd recommend is [The Bagel](https://www.bagelrestaurant.com/), which is perfectly good but not particularly special. I've never been to [New York Bagel and Biali](https://www.newyorkbagelandbialy.net/), but by all accounts its the real deal, and they have a location on Touhy (far north side) which is still technically chicago, though not by much.
**REDUCED** [Viberg - Navy blue aniline scouts on wedge, 2030, 10D](https://imgur.com/a/MNsLJFF) - ~~$350~~ $300 shipped Continuing to clear out some of my lesser-worn pairs. These are super cool and have seen some decent wear, but I've been reaching for other pairs more lately and feel like its time to ship them along. Merry holidays, y'all.
yeah, fair enough
yeah, i should also clarify here that the typical american-style chinese takeout place never give you spicy mustard, but the authentic places in chinatown or a neighborhood called the argyle that is pan-asian (primarily vietnamese and chinese, but theres a lot of cultures represented) usually do.
How would that work? Who would write the test? Who would administer it? Do all candidates take the test? Or just those that get elected? That all sounds really complicated and prone to political manipulation. The simplest solution is usually the best one. Less prone to failure.
haha, no not really, I still use it for BST listing occasionally but that's about it. But I've gotten pretty good mileage out of "Buddy Jesus" as my av on just about any forum that lets you have one. Why mess with perfection?
it's not a flannel, but I do have a sugar cane shirt for sale https://www.grailed.com/listings/1601832-Sugar-Cane-Red-Plaid-Shirt
woah that's a cool looking watch. such a sweet retro 80s funky vibe.
very creative, love this shot.
artisans usually aren't by thing, but those purple cyberscar caps are sweet!
When Varga makes Sy drink his pee.
&gt; Honestly for me it was Vern’s death Along this line, Kieren Culkin's death in S2. Despite being a name actor, he wound up in that meat grinder pretty quick.
Was just there last week, and my wife is veg so that's what she always gets. It's great. A very different experience than traditional ramen, and much more flavorful in a mushroom-y, umami kind of way. But without the warming, unctuous fattiness of regular ramen. I don't think I'd personally actually order it over regular tonkotsu ramen, but as a thing unto itself it's definitely delicious.
☐ sexy mom/grandma ☐ totally normal picture of someone not looking cool ☑ Freddie Mercury
[classic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NsLKQTh-Bqo)
&gt; Having them all immediately see a physician is impractical. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triage
that describes roughly a billlion watches. but fwiw, in that size range I like the rolex OP 39, the nomos metro, and the iwc mk 18
In that price range, my favorite brands are Longines, Oris, Demasco, Sinn, and some of the older manual-wound Nomos. You might also be able to get a Seiko Marinemaster in budget as well if divers are more your style.
Keep in mind you can always get an aftermarket strap in whatever size you want, so it may make more sense to pick a watch you like that's in-budget first, rather than letting the strap define your decision process.
[Nomos Tangente](https://nomos-glashuette.com/media/image/14/d2/a4/1024xauto-q80/101-139-tangente-3d-front.jpg). I guess it's probably a dress watch, but it's still what I wear most days. I keep mind on a [plaid wool strap](https://i.imgur.com/iWdYcdU.jpg) as well which makes it even more casual.
&gt; The GOP could've made an honest turn going into 2016 and reach out and build the next generation of republican voters. that would require making a personal sacrifice for the benefit of someone else, even if that someone else is the next republican in line behind them. I haven't seen any evidence to suggest any modern republican is concerned with anything at all other than their own personal bottom line, though.
Cultist Simulator was weird and cool if you're will to give it a little time and are ok with ambiguous games that purposely don't explain themselves very clearly. I never actually won a round and am still not sure I understand how to really play it, but I did put a bunch of hours into it, and will say it's unlike anything I've ever seen before.
ooh his harness even says his name
Tassels theoretically make loafers more casual, but because i associate them with individuals who are... ah... more advanced in age, it feels more formal to me. At the end of the day, I think material and color have a greater effect on formality than tassels or no.
if the welt stitching is synthetic, won't edge dressing not penetrate it at all and just dye the welt around it without affecting the stitching?
It's Trump's own description of his operation from a tweet (where else?) in trying to distance himself from Cohen https://deadline.com/2018/11/donald-trump-moscow-trump-tower-very-legal-very-cool-michael-cohen-guilty-plea-robert-mueller-1202511634/
I should also mention that The Witness is one of the most beautiful, interesting, and thought provoking games I've ever played, not to mention very challenging as well. It's a puzzle game first and foremost, but it's also so much more. Highly recommended.
you're smarter than i am, then. i died 5-6 times and never got the impression that it could keep going indefinitely.
It's likely an issue with the entire batch, probably thousands of sets, maybe the whole print run. Depends on how many they were printing and in how big of batches.
Came here to say this. I saw him in or around 2005. Dude didn't give a single fuck.
&gt; Why the FUCK doesn’t this happen as a vetting process before becoming a legitimate candidate. Depends on what you mean. He was vetted, and for the most part, a lot of the dirt that's surfacing was already known by both political parties and US intelligence agencies. But the republicans put him forward anyways, and the people elected* him. (*sort of. maybe not. and even if so, not with a majority) So he was vetted, but if no one cares, the vetting doesn't matter.
I didn't forget, I don't think that's what they are.
&gt; do you think cold could have done it? shouldn't. the crown isn't really keeping the cold out, so I don't see why that would make a difference. &gt; I’m stuck as to what caused it since the watch came with the crowns being secured down. things move. things get brushed up against. on its own its not really anything to be concerned about unless the watch starts malfunctioning in some way.
ok im going to say it, this is creepy and weird
What is puzzle mania and where do I find it? I subscribe to the NYT puzzle section but dont see any mention of it on the puzzle page.
looks very good to me. is that 36 or 38mm?
it mostly comes down to personal preference. I have a 6.75" inch and 42mm is bigger than I would personally wear, but some people do wear them that large. You may want to measure 50mm on a piece of paper though and make sure it won't overhang your wrist, as that will be what really makes it look too large.
He probably thought, correctly, that some amount of people would cheer and applaud him for coming out and saying it, and simply miscalculated the ratio of people who would be happy about it.
woah
who*
I'm a little confused. Are you asking for definitive answers to a hypothetical scenario with no known parameters? How is anyone supposed to answer any of those? If God truly does come to deliver the final reckoning, He will hopefully make the answers to those questions clear. If He doesn't, it's going to get awfully messy awfully quickly. If you're asking what the book of mormon (or other religious texts) have to say on the subject, to my knowledge they don't clearly answer any of those questions, but to be honest I haven't actually read any traditional religious text with any great scrutiny, so I can't honestly say. And if you're just asking hypothetical questions to poke holes in religious dogma, no fucking shit. Of course it doesn't make sense. That's the beauty of the whole thing. Why bother working out the messy details when in theory God's going to figure it out for everyone anyways. But regardless, in the meantime, absent Divine answers, it's all just politics.
sad but true
&gt; Know that most people do not see the Koch Brothers as this sort of evil entity the way the far left in the United States does Know that most people do not see the Koch Brothers as anything, because most people aren't politically engaged. Also know that the Koch Brothers have a public and demonstrable history of anti-social spending and policy agenda that favors the upper classes to the detriment of the financial well being of all others. Opposing them isn't a far left position. Rather, supporting them is a far right position. Arguing that they're good for America is the behavior of someone who is either already obscenely rich, or a troll, or simply sadly uninformed. Statistically speaking it's unlikely you're wealthy enough to benefit from the Koch's agenda, and the latter two are both as sad as they are depressing : (
I think that's assuming a level of political orientation most people simply don't have. I agree with CaptainDAAVE in asserting that centrists/moderates are people who don't really any have any fully formed political opinion and vote the way they do based on tradition or social pressure more than out of any sort of political philosophy. I agree that there probably are a lot of centrist-leaning conservatives who are repulsed by Trump, because it's easy to be repulsed by Trump on a personal level. But I'm not sure I agree there are centirst-leaning "Clinton/Obama Democrats too timid to fight for progressive ideals" because I don't get the sense most centrists know what progressive ideals even are, let alone be willing to fight for them.
honestly very difficult to say. the watch looks rather small by modern standards, so perhaps something vintage?
Is it me or does Santorum's suit look comically oversized here? He looks like [David Byrne](https://putthison.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/tumblr_ok8tkaMXF11qa2j8co1_1280.jpg) for crying out loud
If it's good enough for nixon, it's good enough for trump. wait
no they aren't. a 20% gratuity is added on top of the ticket price, paid at the time you purchase the tix.
He's actually surprisingly active on reddit. I've stalked his account a few times just to see what kind of stuff he's interested in besides food, and posts on a surprisingly diverse mix of subs. Definitely seems like a smart, funny, interesting guy all around.
&gt; So does anyone know where I can buy clothes that are A. slave-free B. dont polute the environment? Something that makes it extra tough is that neither of these things have a binary yes/no answer, and there's a gradient of how well they fare in each category.
This comment has been removed. Please do not direct people to sites or subs that sell or condone fakes.
He is doing that. It comes out in 2020 I think.
If "Overboard" didn't sink them, nothing will.
I think it's really hard to compare Lebron and Jordan's stats heads to head because the NBA is so much more competitive and sophisticated today than in MJ's time, which is the same reason it's hard to compare MJ to Kareem or Wilt. The raw numbers don't tell the whole story. I grew up in Chicago in the 90s, so Jordan will always have a personal, special place for me as a player. But even if his numbers are worse, I think it's entirely possible Lebron is the "better" or more dominant player. It will always just be a made up distinction/matter of personal preference.
&gt; If MJ with his skill level, athleticsm and will was born in 1993, he would dominate today's basketball like no other. I think it's an objective, indisputable fact MJ in today's league would perform worse than MJ in his own day. The competition is higher, so his stats will decrease. Is he still a superstar? Probably. And while there's obviously no clear answer to this, I suspect he's probably more of a KD or KG level star. Certainly a top player that not only defines his team, but in some respects defines the league, but I'm not sure he still gets called GOAT.
no u
I guess I don't get what you mean. The average talent level in the league is better now than it was then, which is a fact not an opinion. So if we transplant someone forward and keep their skill level constant, it stands to reason his numbers will be depressed. That's not my opinion, that's just how stats work. If that's amiss somewhere, please explain it.
he had one, but the google shortlink got it caught in the spam filter, i just approved it so it should be live now.
Are they the alt right or just the regular right?
You can copyright the words that are the instructions of the recipe, but not the concept of combining certain ingredients and preparing then in a specific way.
As far as 1-2 punches that demonstrate confidence and a fully formed aesthetic go, it's very, very hard to beat Peewee into Beetlejuice. I'm trying to think of who else even comes close. Off the top of my head, a shortlist might include * Tarantino (Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction) * PTA (Hard Eight, Boogie Nights) * Not sure who else, someone probably As good as Blood Simple is a movie, their movies didn't become super Coen-y until their second effort, Raising Arizona. Tim Burton had an extra helping of fairy dust when he got started because his early work is just so fully realized, it's really remarkable.
What else is even in contention? Bull Durham, I guess? I wouldn't give serious consideration to The Natural, The Babe, Eight Men Out, or any of the various "kids in adult situations" baseball movies (Rookie of the Year, Angels in the Outfield, Little Big League, The Sandlot). What other big baseball movies are there? Edit: Field of Dreams, obviously. Major League too now that I think of it (not in contention). What else? edit2: moneyball
by now everyone knows die hard is a christmas movie, but did you know Its A Wonderful Life is actually a Die Hard movie?
&gt; I think the current crop of Trump lackeys are more than willing to lie and lie and lie until the very end and fall on the sword for Trump. By this do you mean his lawyer who got indicted and flipped on him, his campaign manager who got indicted and flipped on him, or his national security advisor who got indicted and flipped on him?
also a nice supporting performance by Julie Kavner who is basically just playing Marge in a parallel universe where she didn't marry Homer
**REDUCED** [Viberg - Navy blue aniline scouts on wedge, 2030, 10D](https://imgur.com/a/MNsLJFF) - ~~$350~~ $300 shipped Continuing to clear out some of my lesser-worn pairs. These are super cool and have seen some decent wear, but I've been reaching for other pairs more lately and feel like its time to ship them along. Merry holidays, y'all.
For anyone here that has made one, I'd be curious to know what software you use to actually literally construct it.
nice! reminds me of [Endless Summer](https://shacc.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/ES_Poster_1020.jpg)
lol, yeah, i wasn't sure if it was intentional or not. hard to use that style and color palette, and show a guy carrying a surfboard without it feeling like an Endless Summer homage, intentional or not
awesome first watch, would love one of these myself.
&gt; We are self publishing, doing everything DIY and trying to bring to life a story from the fringes. Fuck what you think a book should look like. The real question here is, "Why do cover design conventions exist?" If the answer is because the machinery of corporate publishing has narrow expectations and imagination and can only conceive of how to sell a very specific product, you may be right to subvert those expectations. But if the answer is that those conventions help customers decide to make a purchase, and they persist because both customers expect them and because it improves sales, you would not want to subvert them. The fact that you're self publishing means all the financial risk is on you, and you won't have any additional marketing or promotion to overcome customer misconceptions. So if you do go avant garde, you need to be really, really confident that what you're doing will work. Whether your cover design meets these criteria or not, I can't say. But it sounds like you're bucking convention just for the sake of it rather than out of any considered reason, which is not personally the way I would approach it.
the pro troll would be to leave two stacks of .762, but drop a winchester next to it.
The only thing that could possibly be more tone deaf and ironic than Paul Ryan listening to RatM would be if the alt right appropriated the imagery from Pink Floyd's "The Wall" in support of Trump's border wall. [Oh wait](https://www.reddit.com/r/PoliticalHumor/comments/a7ol8n/we_dont_need_no_education/).
First of all, goddamn is Bokeem Woodbine a great actor. He finds ways of delivering lines that could be flat or boring on the page and makes them feel so charged with menace and mystery. He was by far my favorite part of the entire season. To me, this scene is about status quo vs change. The police, by their nature, almost always seek to preserve the status quo. They affirm and protect the way things work *right now*. And Lou as an individual, and as a citizen and resident of Bamiji who was born and raised there, has further incentive to keep things the same. This is his home, and he wants to keep things the way they are. But the irony here is that affirming the status quo also affirms the criminal operation of the Gerhards. The Gerhards were the dominant criminal power before Kansas City got involved, and presumably things were working just fine and dandy up until then, and had found an equilibrium with law enforcement. So Lou represents and wants constancy, sameness, and to affirm the status quo. Mike represents change. Racism, and the ways Mike is able to integrate into an otherwise completely white crime scene is one of the main themes of his character throughout the season. He doesn't just represent a challenge to the current crime/law power equilibrium, but also is a reflection of changing racial political values that were a significant part of the culture in the 70s. So Mike's point of view is of change. In his lifetime he has personally observed the civil rights movement, and probably seen the way that crime fortunes rise and fall. To him, everything changes. Everything is constantly in flux. It's so obvious, you might not even notice it if you weren't looking for it. Lou sees things in terms of constancy. His little town was quiet throughout his life, and he aims to keep it this way. The wheelbarrow story is how two people look at the same thing and form a different conclusion.
ok, thank you, i thought I was crazy because my first thought when I saw the OP was, "that is not the same setup"
i... hadn't seen this before. i have a lot to process. i'll get back to you in a bit. i gotta go sit down.
I like how #1 and #2 are "We heart jesus" and "I'd love to see you... naked!" respectively. that's quite a 1-2 punch.
If you live in a city and have something potentially valuable they sometimes offer in home appraisal, or have an office you can visit, too. I have a piece of art that Christie's offered to come by and appraise
what do you think would be a sufficient appraisal value to get a rep to make a special trip to see it? I live in a city with an office so no flight was involved and have a piece in the $25-30k range and got the sense that that was only just barely worth their time to come look at.
So your contention is that first the resale shop sold an unusual watch without bothering to google the name of ref# on the back. And then now you are creating a reddit post asking for info, also not having ever done the same. I just don't believe that's true.
Where does it say bolivia? it says frank muller on both the dial and on the back.
It's a neat idea, but the thing I don't like about this concept is that it's usually going to be either really good or kinda bad, depending on whether you have a two card combo worth keeping together. Those types of high-variance relics make for uneven, RNG-driven gameplay that can be frustrating for players. It also raises some weird technical questions about how it would work in edge cases. What if one card gets exhausted? What if you use Setup or another card that asks you to put a card on top of your library while the other is still in your hand? No matter what your solutions are to those types of scenarios, there's bound to be a confusing and unintuitive result for some number of players.
What if one of the cards isn't in your draw pile when it gets shuffled because it's in your hand or exhausted? The issue here for me is not that there's no solution to that, because there is. You just pick something and that's how it works. The issue is more that whatever you pick will be non-obvious to some number of players some amount of the time.
I haven't watched it because the title made me think it was something like Homeland. What's it about?
oh good, stephen miller is back in the news. that means we can keep [reposting this classic meme from weeks past](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DGQPCp8V0AE9ffh.jpg)
Even considering the fact that if you run a resale shop, literally your entire job and livelihood are based on getting as much money for your inventory as possible? Some items probably don't require much research, but even regular people know that valuable exist, let alone someone who's job it is to know that. Now apply similar logic to OP. It takes significantly more effort to take a video and write up a reddit post asking for information than to at least take a moment to first google the words "frank muller" just to see what comes up. Why would anyone do that? It just doesn't make sense. So now we're supposing that two extremely improbable and illogical things happened back to back. At the end of the day, is it possible someone screwed up and just slapped a price on something without bothering to check? Technically yes, the laws of physics do allow for that. But I've been reading this sub for 3 years and have been a mod here for about half that time, and we not infrequently see posts along the lines of "I found this patek phillipe in a garbage can. Is it worth anything?", and the answer is always either that its fake, or OP is trolling for attention.
First two seasons were great, but i think it kinda took a nose dive with 3.
These sellers are called "gray market", and no, you don't get the original warranty if you purchase through them. Opinions are split as to whether or not this is worth the risk. I personally would be fine with it, but there definitely are negative stories, so ymmv.
the omega dials on etsy are fake, too.
It's almost as if love, tolerance and charity are central tenets of Christianity
M'natra
shrug. i've watched a few streamers i like throw the game down in frustration, and also watched a youtube review prior to buying that was basically, "it's a good game if you can get over X, Y and Z". If that doesn't encapsulate the consensus, then it's a good thing we have your rebuttal on the record, enshrined in the annals of the reddit comment section for all eternity as a potent reminder to all who search the 2018 winter sales: day 4 thread for generations to come.
What's the motive to kill the wife though? She didn't know any sensitive info that I recall
I don't follow. If you're suggesting it was his intention that Malvo would kill the wife and not bother to check the body, that doesn't strike me as terribly likely. And if that's not what you're saying, we're back to the start about not having a motive to kill the wife in the first place.
&gt;Anyway, he cooled his heels on the Hollywood back burner for a good bunch of years before starting on his path to redemption with *Lost In Translation* and becoming an internet celeb with his antics. That's a funny way of spelling Rushmore
i think maybe i just don't understand how the system works then. I thought the person you were replying was saying the benefit of the service is not the content itself, but the searchability.
i don't like it when people troll the sub, either specifically to be annoying or just to get attention. it doesn't happen too often, but i'd say every couple months we get a post like, "I found this watch at a garage sale, it says patek philippe, is it worth anything?" and they're never sincere. Ever. You're welcome to indulge trolls as much as you want on the subs you moderate, but that's just not how I see my role.
Careful you don't cut yourself on that edge
Trump didn't hire him though, he was already there.
&gt; Like listen to the people fucking around you for once" yeah, if only he'd thought to ask jared /s
That's why UX as a role means different things at every company, because no one can agree what it is and what it isn't. I don't think everything is ux. There are lots of considerations that need to be made outside of what the user wants. If everything is determined by what any possible user wants, then every product needs to serve every user, which is both impractical and inefficient. It makes a better experience for everyone with a segmented audience.
&gt; Most professional UX folks can easily agree on what UX is That has not been my experience. &gt; You definitely create different personas for your different user types. It's just exceptionally rare that a product has only one user type. Well yeah, but that's somewhat beside the point. At it's heart, Pornhub isn't a porn company or even a media company. It's a data analytics company, and they're very *very* good at what they do. I am giving them the benefit of the doubt that the default front page content is exactly what it needs to be to maximize viewership and other key engagement metrics. So if someone's impression when loading it up is, "This isn't for me," the problem is a misalignment with the user and the product's content strategy, not a failure of UX.
&gt; Well, I've been doing this a long time, so maybe it's that. It's the new guys who seem to get stuck on what is and is not UX. Interestingly enough, my experience is the opposite. Take my opinion with a grain of salt, as in many ways, I think I represent the "new breed" of UX (and am the co-founder of a fairly well-known UX/UI design bootcamp that was recently acquired by WeWork), but it's old-school folks that expect UXers to write code, do UI, create Gantt charts, etc., none of which I would say should be part of traditional UX (which I would very very broadly say encompasses wireframes, general usability (task flows, heuristics, etc) and specific aspects of what some companies are calling CS (Customer success). When I say no one can agree on UX, it's just that I see job descriptions that are wildly all over the map in terms of responsibilities, and encourage people to ask a lot of questions in interviews, since HR folks who are... ah... shall we say, "non-technical" are the ones who write the descriptions in the first place with next to no understanding of what the role will actually entail.
i grew up in HP, I know those places well. Now in gif form, please.
nice, congrats!
&gt; there was always this undercurrent of thought that told us we were living in the “end times” Every generation thinks this. There's a certain egomania underlying the notion that *we* are the important ones, that *our time* is more significant, that *now* is what god warned us about. Kinda puts geocentrism in perspective.
**REDUCED** [Viberg - Navy blue aniline scouts on wedge, 2030, 10D](https://imgur.com/a/MNsLJFF) - ~~$350~~ $300 shipped Continuing to clear out some of my lesser-worn pairs. These are super cool and have seen some decent wear, but I've been reaching for other pairs more lately and feel like its time to ship them along. Merry holidays, y'all.
I don't envy them the death threats they'll invariably get about how reasonable and non-violent the alt-right is.
Am in Chicago, no one says pop here. At least not that I've ever heard. I know it's supposedly a Midwest regionalism but maybe it skips the city proper
They call every goddamn thing pudding except pudding.
What's good for the Michiganian is good for the Michigander.
Hi, we have removed your {kind} because it violates our Rule #1 concerning replica watches. Posting pictures of, links to, giving or requesting recommendations, or otherwise advocating for replicas in any way explicitly forbidden.
would have if could have. couldn't so didnt.
omg he's even got a little kitty barbour coat. too cute.
The members of congress personally? Probably not often. But tons of committees have investigatory responsibilities and can either empower appropriate parts of the federal government, or gather testimony in a hearing. So in effect, the answer is all the time.
1. This is probably better suited to /r/WatchesCirclejerk 2. You can just look at the original submitter to see who made it, it was u/75footubi who is super active here
imo yes its too big. There are two things to watch out for with watch sizes, one of which everyone agrees on, and one of which is more personal/opinion. 1. Do the lugs overhang your wrist? It's pretty much universal that if they do, the watch is too big on you. And in this case, yes it does look like they overhang a bit. 2. Does the dial occupy the entirety of your wrist? In my personal opinion, and for my personal taste, I like a wrist on both sides of the watch dial, but not everyone agrees with that.
"Ben, do you smoke weed?" *short pause* "Hell yeah."
We have similar tastes! [Here is my collectionl](https://www.reddit.com/r/Watches/comments/8v1bs5/meta_collections_megathread/e1jqxzv/).
ive lived in the city for 12 years, gtfo with that elitist gatekeeping bullshit and take your pop and shove it sideways up your ass.
similarly I've been wishing people "happy hollandaise" this year and no one says anything. i interpret their silence as tacit disapproval and you probably should too.
So to clarify, you quit a cushy job to pursue a career writing novels in order to *reduce* stress. Either the job wasn't that cushy, or you're very, very good at writing novels. So how's it working out so far?
rip
&gt; Why do you assume it would make you mad? Well on the one hand, im firmly in the camp of, "making a new thing doesn't change the quality of the original thing." The first Matrix is still great, lady ghostbusters didn't ruin anyone's childhood, and parodies don't decrease the quality of the original material. So if someone wants to make a parody of Fargo, whether its good or bad, I'm not insulted on behalf of the original itself. I don't think there's hardly anything too important or precious to send up. But on the other hand, Fargo (the movie or the show) is already tragicomic. It's already funny. It doesn't strike me as material that's well suited to parody, and my expectation would be that watching it would make me frustrated at the attempt. That could be wrong, and I don't know for sure that's what would happen, but that's my guess. &gt; Parodies are generally made by people with a great appreciation for the subject matter This is not my experience. I feel most of the time parody is made by individuals with contempt for the source material. The Onion is a parody of traditional news. The Scary Movie franchise is a parody of pop horror. Austin Powers is a parody of the worst, most over the top elements of the bond franchise. I would say the word for works that reference but with admiration is homage. I could be wrong about that too, but I can't think of many (any?) modern examples of parody that come from a place of appreciation.
&gt; Novelty and anesthetics would be my first guess Aesthetic without function is the literal opposite of design. &gt; The entire triangular side of the house is a glass window (natural light, natural scenery, etc) without the need to put blinds or drapes up for privacy The height makes it difficult or impossible to clean though, and its going to get really dirty really quickly, another anti-design choice. This whole thing is stupid, like most of the stuff that gets posted here and on r/designporn, because while they may look nice when brand new and under ideal circumstances, they don't do a good job at doing what they're supposed to do.
I think, but am not certain, that the AP style guide states that boys become men at 18 with regards to how their characterized in writing. So while it's not a legal definition, it does govern how it should be reported.
and yet here they are, and every shell offering they release is SD
Don't encourage people to visit sites that sell or condone fakes.
&gt; Baseball is the most politicized sport in America football...?
also had this issue yesterday on pc
the japanese say TAS to refer to midairs, which as far as I can recall is the only way I've seen it used in reference to MM.
is a wall clip a 1 frame? I thought it was mostly RNG?
There are a bunch of stores that are directly branded as Alden stores, Alden of DC, etc. those are typically the lines that sell rare shell. Are you saying its like Rolex where even the store that look like first party retailers are actually third party?
Dode doesn't play mm I don't think, just smw romhacks
I genuinely wonder if people have different mouth shapes, and if it's harder for some than for others. Probably, right?
i dont think i ever realized the background in whatsapp was doodles, i just thought they were shapeless squiggles. TIL.
the best tldr of this whole thread so far
In every market, there will always be a niche for providers who are hyper price sensitive. There will also always be a niche for premium offerings. Graphic design is no worse than any other industry, and things are no worse now than they have always been, the different price points are just more visible.
Hi, we have removed your submission. This was done in an effort to have fewer simple posts or questions in our sub frontpage. Please repost this in the current [Semi-Weekly Inquirer - Recommendations thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/watches/about/sticky?num=1), or check the [FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Watches/wiki/faq), sidebar or [sub rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/Watches/wiki/rules#wiki_simple_questions_and_recommendation_requests_should_go_in_the_stickied_.22semi-weekly_inquirer.22_thread) for more information. Alternatively, why not pop into our [Discord Chat](https://discord.gg/rgN9gHN) and see if people can help you there. (They're very friendly). Thanks!
i like the show, but i like the movie a lot more.
&gt; advertising, sponsorships, freemium content, ads and perhaps an aspect where restaurants pay 2 play This is the part that worries me. I'll withhold critique of the product concept since if you have confidence/data that there's demand for this type of thing, I'll take your word for it (even if I personally have my doubts.) But the monetization of these types of things is really difficult. It's not something users are typically willing to pay for (freemium, subscription, or otherwise), without substantial traffic ads won't get you there, and the restaurant pay to play model has a ton of problems (it requires sales/acct management, they're being hit up left and right by similar products, ROI for them is generally low, general hostility to being hit up for money by yet another app). It's not a category anyone has really figured out how to consistently make money in, not even yelp.
[cash me outside habada come flip me now](https://youtu.be/R8l2Ga3_wvU?t=194)
Nah. There's two kinds of suits, civil and criminal. A criminal suit is for when you break the law, which in this case he did. A civil suit is to recover damages, which would be difficult to prove here. It doesn't seem plausible the kid was emotionally harmed by the incident.
&gt; Illinois' population is somewhere around 73% white currently. While the numbers are higher for white owners that isn't exactly a monumental difference. but if those businesses are overwhelmingly in the city, which they are, it makes more sense to compare to the city's demographics, not the state's. &gt; This applies to everyone no matter what their race. Everyone has been locked out The whole point of economic development is that it creates class mobility and greater overall prosperity. As minorities are typically poorer on average and in greater need of traditional financing opportunities, they are more greatly affected by this barrier to entry in the aggregate.
How is net neutrality a complex topic? It has near universal support from the electorate, and consumers are in no way incentivized to support a non-neutral system. In that sense, given the absolute clarity and bi-partisan unity among the electorate, the paradigm is simple: You either advocate for your consistency, or you sell them out to corporate interests. There is no complexity.
meh, [here's a link that shows 83%](https://thehill.com/policy/technology/364528-poll-83-percent-of-voters-support-keeping-fccs-net-neutrality-rules), which of all the links so far is the newest, and is from 2017. Support has only increased since then.
&gt; or to realise that having no opinion (or a changing one) Being open to having one's mind change is a good thing, but I don't agree that it's ok to purposely remain ignorant on important issues. If you were born middle class and never had to struggle or really deeply engage with those who have, your disengagement is a tacit vote for the status quo, and sometimes the status quo is really, really bad. And if you were born into hardship, your potential engagement is your first and best way of influencing the political apparatus that is ostensibly there to serve you. In either case, there isn't a great reason not to engage.
knowledge is power. france is bacon.
knowledge is power, but power is power, too
maybe not a good look for a mental illness organization
I wish the evolution guy was pointing at a monkey instead of the bible, since their typical go-to argument is, "well if evolution exists, why do we still have monkeys?" And yes, I know we evolved from apes, not monkeys. No need to point it out.
Or just auto-moderated from this specific subreddit by the mods. In either case, a user's comments will be visible in his profile but not in the live thread.
&gt; Probably more like he's in character in the shows he is in. Maybe. I'm not a big social media user, so maybe his twitter and IG are full of yuks, i feel like i only ever seen him on shows where cooking contestants are encouraged to backstab one another and the like.
i appreciate and applaud the intention here, but these watches weren't really intended to be serviced with consumer-available parts. It probably doesn't make much sense at this price point. try using their [store locator](https://www.tissotwatches.com/en-us/support/prices) or dig through some of that other servicing info on their website, maybe there's some help in there. Otherwise, a retailer might be able to help you, though I wouldn't be surprised if it's cost-prohibitive relative to the retail cost of the watch itself.
gersebermps
There's lots of reasons Party A (in this case the city) that has a financial interest in a high valuation would be unwilling to accept the private appraisal from Party B (you) who had incentive to get a low price. Im not saying what the city thinks it's always right or fair, but you can't be that surprised that they aren't satisfied with the appraisal and sales value of your private transaction
I think there's also a community aspect to it, too. For this type of competition, and at this level, there probably aren't a ton of people even in the conversation, and I think it's very likely everyone knows everyone. We would typically expect a more collegial relationship between competitors in a small community than in a large one where you don't personally know the person who beat you.
If they had no financial interest in the outcome, they probably would. But they do, so they don't. City gotta get paid, yo.
It's a cool piece with an arresting aesthetic, but I'm struggling with some of the finer details. I read a bunch of the background text. It's interesting, but: 1. Is not particularly legible with all the stuff in front of it 2. Nothing about the layout suggests I can or should read it It the copy is so disposable, why have it at all? The layout would be much cleaner without it. Or instead of actual text, if you just want the texture, how about sheet music/libretto that no one would actually think they're supposed to read? I'm also confused by the line "*Technically, sex was called desire, and drugs, potions." What exactly does this mean? The way it's isolated, it's the only particularly legible text on the whole layout other than the headline, but those words in that order don't make literal sense... Stopping to read something, then having to back up, reread it a few times, only to quit after not understanding the line is frustrating and weird. I don't get it. Last, no CTA? It's in that weird space between real work and spec where a real agency produced it for their real client, but only for the purpose of submitting it to an award show. It didn't actually run. So I don't see why they should get away with completely pretending they don't have to do the things real ads have to do. It's more interesting and clever when you actually to fight fair. So again, it's a cool concept and an eye-catching image to be sure, but the details of the execution aren't really there for me.
&gt; It's pretty common for countries to memorialize their dead soldiers. Less common when said dead soldiers were slave-holding traitors to the country their statue is currently being displayed in, though.
same, have never played a borderlands game before, but handsome collection was $5 for me so i grabbed it bc why not. haven't played it yet because I've heard it's better co-op so waiting for a friend to have time to inevitably start it, play for like 30 mins, then never play again. Should be fun.
Have been reevaluating my collection lately. Thinking about downsizing a few of my pieces, including my non-explorer rolexes. No plans to sell this guy though https://imgur.com/a/BqvjCiO
Lee goes in, Lee goes out. You can't explain that.
A dog for the #metoo era edit: ok fine maybe that was in bad taste. fair enough.
Ah, the old, "Maybe if I run away my problems won't find me," tactic. It never works for anyone else, but maybe it will work for them.
You're an enormous fan of the first two seasons, but aren't willing to give the third a shot without first getting confirmation from internet strangers that it's worth it?
Pelicans is a dumb name for an NBA franchise there I said it
Obligatory ["Why Do All These Homosexuals Keep Sucking My Cock?"](https://www.theonion.com/why-do-all-these-homosexuals-keep-sucking-my-cock-1819584210)
good luck with that
probably an mp3, but point taken
Nice concept, but wouldn't it be more apt if the rainbow was streaming out of a closet? edit: based on comments/replies, I'm retracting this comment, I like OP's concept more
[bergs i've had for 5 years](https://imgur.com/a/DUNVrOd) way back from the 2014 sample sale. aotd: I work in UX and kinda hate meyers-briggs. It's not predictive of behavior and doesn't give practical guidance in how to interact with people with similar/dissimilar personality types. t's designer astrology.
&gt; I like the conversation around personality types because it can give remind people that not everyone is like them. I think that's a good conversation to have, but I think there are better ways of facilitating it than with pseudoscientific evaluations that are more a gauge of the mood you're in when you take the test than anything innate about your personality.
&gt; I appreciate the thoroughness of this response with the articles; but none of it is topical to the point I was making. The articles refute the applicability of MB in a variety of personal and professional contexts. But you're not willing to commit to any scenario that MB actually helps with other than starting conversations. And as I said in the last comment, there are lots of ways to start conversations. You don't need MB for that. &gt; There are no better tools for the job because they dont exist. This is also not true. It exceeds the time I have for a quick reddit reply to go into more detail, but if you're genuinely interested and want to discuss, I can share some of the exercises I do with my teams instead of MB. But there are definitely other options out there. &gt; Furthermore, all of the field of HR performance management is "pseudoscience BS" by the rationale you are expressing Some performance management stuff has validity, some is horseshit intended to fulfill corporate documentation requirements more than anything else. So it goes.
&gt; As an artist - usually most modern art makes me feel nothing at best and annoyance at worst The sheer quantity of art produced today is greater by a factor of thousands than in previous eras, spanning every style, genre and technique imaginable. If you don't see anything you like, it's no critique on the quality of work being produced, and only a critique on your unwillingness to look for it.
i like how the pug's first inclination is to help, despite having no idea how or really any ability to.
&gt; which is basically like eating a hamburger made of cookie. mmmmm....
Outside this bar, there's a plaque commemorating the hanging of 22 native warriors. This is a real life incident, and there was a very interesting [This American Life](https://www.thisamericanlife.org/479/little-war-on-the-prairie) describing both the original incident, and the modern day struggle to get it recognized.
&gt; in most cases the answer is the same: They aren't working successfully enough This is a statement I agree with. Usually (but not always) the tool is being sold because using the tool itself doesn't actually work as advertised, and the salesman is a charlatan out to make a quick buck. &gt; At the end of the day, marketing and overall resources is what trumps everything else This is definitely not something I agree with. Shit is shit, and you can't actually sell shit for it's intended purpose and have it work for any significant length of time. (In the case of MLM or other unethical products, the thing being sold is rarely the thing itself.) Pouring money into something does not guarantee its success. And conversely, if you actually have a product that delivers real value, you don't need an astronomical marketing budget to make it successful.
appreciate it. would you possibly be able to provide any insight on why my post don't go live without being manually approved? They sit in the automod queue until I modmail to ask them to be approved, but that kills their visibility because their visibility decays without hitting /new/ promptly. Someone in modmail replied as the sub to say there was nothing they could do, I said adding me to the approved submitter list would solve this, but didn't hear back.
Maybe there's a use-case you have in mind that i'm not thinking of, but my notion is that that's exactly what you should do, given that it doesn't allow them to get around the [WTS] tag requirement, and the picture proof requirement is already manually moderated as is. Given that, what's a situation where you wouldn't add someone to the list upon request?
Probably not, but pm with what you're thinking.
get that crossfit eddie munster shit outta here
if you have less than 2 hrs gameplay in it, you can return it.
How can you be weary of a place you've never been to?
&gt; Only 5 of the top 25 are streaming on Netflix Content comes and goes. I'd be more interested to see how many of those 25 were ever on Netflix, since I think it's a reasonable value proposition to have things come and leave in a timely fashion.
shrug. i guess "unsustainable model" is a phrase with a certain amount of ambiguity. I agree they can't continue that kind of debt-driven content acquisition indefinitely. I'm not convinced that means their business model is unsustainable or that this is indicative of a netflix-less future.
it's not pre-judice. If the cars suck, it's just judice. Or whatever.
There's a level of semantics even I'm not willing to debate, and this is way, way beyond that.
It's not about insisting people play the right way. It's about the fact that a co-op challenge is a completely unique kind of gameplay. There's no way to make a level require cooperation if it has to be able to be beaten by one person. Seems both easy, practical and reasonable to have a multiplayer required option
Key death maybe?
May God have mercy on us all that we found a president even less competent than W.
You're right, the scenario isn't the same. It's worse. it's completely possible he would personally receive retribution for his testimony.
Unless you get subpeonaed for a grand jury...?
A public defender is for if you get accused of a crime, which is different than opting to consult one of your own accord for a matter where youre not the accused. There aren't free government lawyers for all things you might need a lawyer for.
I really liked StS, but if you don't like roguelikes or deckbuilders, it's very difficult to imagine you enjoying a game that is, by any standard, a roguelike deckbuilder. Different folks like different stuff, and that's ok.
I can't think of any technical reason it should be so different. Sure the levels are bigger, but they're not 2500% bigger. Why do you suppose that is?
The people who make levels on day one are probably more committed to making a quality experience than the burnouts making torturous troll levels in year 3.
fuuuuuuuuu. I'm 6'3 and work out consistently, but have been fighting to get back under 200 for a while. You're making it a lot harder to keep telling myself it's because of my height.
im not a fat blob of lard or anything, but i definitely have the weight to lose. i hover pretty consistently in the 205-212 range, and overall am in pretty decent shape, I just wish I was a few pound lighter. if i was just a little more committed to eating better and drinking less I could get there....
Tell that to my paunchy gut 😜. I'm 34 and have definitely found weight accumulates at my waist much more readily than in my 20s.
Long live the king.
i dont think i understand the rules of the game this time. is there a tldr anywhere?
this is a theme puzzle with a rebus answer. They typically only happen on Thursdays and occasionally Sunday in the NYT. There's usually one clue called a "revealer" that explains how the theme works, in this case 9D + 39D "With 39-Down, fulfill requirements ... or how to fill four of this puzzle's squares?" = CHECKALLTHEBOXES
&gt; Like take a 200x200 pixel image and change it to 2000x2000 Don't you end up with an image that's 10% of the original size at 1000% the pixel density?
She looked so pale...
Metacritic is just a different kind of popularity contest. All awards are. That's what it means to have a group of people democratically choose their favorite thing. Whether or not that's a good thing depends on your opinion of the taste of the people giving the award.
&gt; It’s also stupid, like how do you even decide if a game is 7.6 and not 7.7 Those scores are almost always the average of a handful of distinct ratings, not a number someone actively chooses. I'm not saying that's more helpful or more effective, but I don't think there are any systems where a person is actively choosing the number 7.7.
Ideally, every number in a scale be useful. The problem with the 7 point scale is that no one plays terrible or bad games, so there's no difference between 1-3. If you have 2 useless numbers, you might as well just use a 5 point scale. In a 5 point scale, 1=don't play, 2=play if you really like the genre
I read the announcement and stand by my comment. When you see a score of 71, it's because its an aggregate of individual scores. No one is sitting there going, "hmmm... is this a 71 or a 72?" Nowhere in the original announcement is that refuted.
It was the second set of a two show night. I get the sense that the first show was fine, but by the time it was time to come out for the second set he was just obliterated.
no nothing like that, but he couldn't remember the end of his jokes, so people from the audience had to remind him how to finish the setups.
I guess, yeah. I currently have 4 pairs of vibergs, but have owned 9-10 total, and consistenlty find that cxl and thicker roughout dont take the shape of the last as cleanly, and that calf gets a much tighter fit. Consequently, size down an extra half for cxl.
Right but that still presumes that AAA are never bad (because the scores say they're not), But they often are.
I'm not sure if the argument here is: 1. I'm retiring in my 30s, so I must know what I'm talking about, or 2. I'm retiring in my 30s, even though I'm not rich But it doesn't really matter because they're both terrible arguments.
I get where you're coming from, and I'm not even saying you're wrong, but it is more complicated than you might think. The laws around districting are weird and at times contradictory. Basically, you have one law that says, "The legislature should approximately reflect the demographics of the electorate." Ok, fair enough. But if you parcel out the city into equally sized, equally shaped districts, sometimes you still just get a bunch of old white guys. So other laws are created to specifically create districts where minority candidates are viable. Is that unconstitutional? Maybe. The problem is sometimes there's no way to draw districts that adhere to all laws simultaneously, because the laws requiring minority-viable candidates are directly conflicted with anti-gerrymandering laws. There doesn't seem to be a good solution, and it's made worse by the fact that districting is already a highly political and corrupt process, and it's very difficult to prove intent when you allege districts were maliciously drawn.
That's not a good solution assuming you want representatives that are demographically similar to your electorate, which common sense says that we do. If everyone lived in purely segregated neighborhoods it would be easier, but we don't, so we need to find alternative solutions, even if they're sometimes a bit inelegant.
Congrats. I hope the adventures he had were worth all the heartache.
whats wrong with dan carlin? Haven't listened to him a ton, but have listened a little.
&gt; Super = superintendent huh. I was familiar with the job (mostly because of the [1991 Joe Pesci comedy](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103007/)), but don't think I could have told you it was short for superintendent. Learn something new every day!
I'm a Nintendo Power man, myself
&gt; Its silly, any people who have gone to 4 year universities; you have a lecture hall with 600 people in it, 40 hours of lecture, and 4 scantron tests None of that is the reason why college is expensive. In fact, that's all a very good reason why college should be cheaper. Meanwhile, I think the first two years of college would be painful to lose not from an education standpoint, but from a cultural/social one. It shouldn't cost $50k/yr, and I also agree it shouldn't be mandatory and there should be other options available, but I also hope we don't do away with it entirely.
But KotH fell off pretty hard at the end, too, and I say that as a huge fan who thinks it's one of the most important and underrated shows of all time.
Maybe this is a stupid question, but why exactly did he resign? It almost certainly wasn't out of shame/embarrassment, or a sense of accountability to his electorate. Is there some compelling force that can make a congressperson resign in this situation?
I don't remember when exactly she died, but I think it was very, very late in the show's run, whereas I think the last 2-3 seasons are overall pretty bad, a few standout episodes aside.
the way the data is presented is nice, but the lack of hierarchy in the typography at the top looks really messy and makes it hard to read.
Just got back from Japan. Certainly not an expert having only spent 2 weeks there, but ate many bowls of ramen (and other noodle soups) and would say that was our experience some places, but not all places.
Normally when you license a pop song for an ad from a small to medium sized band, you get the stems and a sound editor will make a special audio-only edit for the ad. If it's a really big, commercially-minded band, they may already have assets packaged up this way and ready to go. What's interesting here is that because Vulf just records in one big room in one take, there are no clean stems, and the audio probably has tons of bleed. So if you want to actually use the original track, you just have to cut around the usable parts. I guess your other option would be to just recreate the audio, which in this case would be pretty simple... But yeah, it is interesting.
I never know whether it's ok to refer to River North as downtown. It feels appropriate, but know as soon as I do that I'll get [*actually'd*](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/191/035/135.png) by someone.
&gt; Not really because as a regular food patron at a restaurant, you wouldn't care if you already had a lifetime supply of the secret sauce. You're saying people who are passionate about food don't care how its made as long as they can eat it? That seems... very untrue.
You're welcome to feel how you feel, but i can say for myself and my food culture friends, the "how" is just as or more important than the "what."
fairfield crew represent
Dodecahedron was/is by far the most underrated relic in the game. I think people have a hard time evaluating it because it sort of looks and feels like a boss relic, so when it isn't, it makes them feel bad. And when evaluating power levels, people remember the feel-bad more than the actual effect. Instead, think of it more like lantern or ancient tea set. It doesn't synergize with every deck, but it does have synergies that can make it proc at the start of key fights. It was never the best relic in the game, but it was never the worst, either.
I prefer consumer grade asbestos for my fake snow. Much fluffier and softer on the lungs.
Sometimes it is, like if you have regal pillow or fusion hammer, or have bites to top off with. Again, the standard I'm setting is not, "This relic is great." The standard is, "This relic isn't useless."
&gt; The problem isn't just getting topped off, it's staying topped off as the game gets harder. Who said anything about staying topped off? This is the problem we're having. You want it to be a boss relic, and then when it isn't, you feel bad, and that makes you angry at the relic. Instead, consider that Lantern is great, and situational lantern is worse, but *can* be good. Compare with the actual worst relic in the game, Darkstone Periapt. There are marginal situations where you actively want a curse, but if you're in that situation, you would have taken the curse whether or not you had periapt. And if you don't want a curse, +6 hp isn't enough to convince you to take one. So in the majority of games, Periapt does literal nothing. In the games where it does trigger, it didn't incentivize a choice you wouldn't have otherwise made. So why do people hate dodeca but don't hate periapt? Because periapt looks bad, so when it doesn't do anything, they don't think about it. Whereas dodeca looks good, and then when it doesn't do anything, they feel bad, and feel angry at the thing that made them feel that way.
Do you find it at all confusing/distracting that the hour and minute hands are the same length? I can't recall ever having seen that before. It's a cool look watch, but an odd detail.
ooooooh, my bad. i was reading the hour and minute hand as one long hand, and thought the red seconds were the minutes. That makes more sense.
[Trumans](https://www.trumanboot.com/collections/in-stock-boots/products/bronze-moose-rough-out) would be the best option in that price range, assuming the qualities in the IR you like are the last shape and the ruggedness of the roughout. [These Trickers](https://www.endclothing.com/us/end-x-tricker-s-low-leg-logger-boot-8164-sn.html) are suede, not roughout, but might also be a good fit. It's a much, much bigger, chunkier last, but Whites would also be a good option in that price range. If you're willing to look at more traditional boot lasts and are open to suede, you can consider stuff from Alden, Grant Stone, and C&amp;J.
1. I thought the theme was a little tricky for a Monday, to the point that even after I'd finished the puzzle I had to re-read the revealer and all the answers a few times to figure out what was going on. 2. The clues/answers were perhaps a bit tricky for a monday, but in particular I thought MACNEIL crossing NEN was a really lame natick. No idea who either of those are, so guessed the N in Macneil mostly based on context.
As others have said, a lot of crossword-ing is just knowing the crossword-ese and understanding how themes work. Different puzzles (and individual constructors) all have their own unique styles and flavors, and learning them will definitely improve your abilities. But unfortunately, there's no great trick or tip for this other than, "Do a lot of puzzles, gradually get better at them." But regardless, these things will only actually get you to intermediate in the first place, they won't make you advanced. One thing that I think sets the advanced solver apart that no one else in this thread is talking about is exploiting your knowledge of the english language, and how words are formed, to make educated guesses, which in turn can give hints to other other clues. If you a clue is a verb ending in -ING, the answer probably ends in -ING too. Either pencil that in, or just mentally check the crosses to see if that unlocks anything. If the second letter is a T, barring acronyms and hyphenates, the first letter must either be a vowel or an S. Does that unlock anything? There are dozens of examples like these, where the form of the clue or the presence of specific letters in specific places gives hints to the letters around them, regardless of the content of the clue. Normally, my first pass at a puzzle involves simply engaging with the actual content of each clue and filling in what I know. But if on a tricky Saturday I get stuck and have an entirely blank section, this is the best way to start gradually adding more information to potentially unlock an answer you didn't get at first glance. And often, once you get one answer, the rest fall neatly into place. When I watch my wife or other casual solvers do puzzles, they never use this tactic, and it's just leaving free information on the table.
Try emailing their customer service. I found an error in the way one of their archived themes was displaying and they replied same day. Maybe they know and are happy to just tell you when the cutoff is?
Great playing, great tab transcription, and extra very great guitar stank face.
Nice vintage piece. To answer your questions: 1. Yes, it looks legit to me. I think it's probably a Date 6694, probably same model as [this piece](https://www.bobswatches.com/used-rolex-oysterdate-6694-steel-oyster.html). 2. If you take off the bracelet, in between the lugs on one side is the ref#, which is kind of like a model number that tells you what kind of watch it is (ie 6694, if I'm correct), and on the other side is the serial# which is unique to your specific watch. With the serial# you can determine the year. This one is probably late 60s or early 70s, but they made lots of these so its hard to say for sure. The tool you need to remove the bracelet is itself rather cheap (~$10-20 or so), but getting it on and off can be a bit tricky. If you have a local watchmaker in your area, you might consider taking it to them for help. 3. Servicing cost is probably in the $500-750 range. Again, this is something your local watchmaker can advise on. If you don't know of anyone local who can help, there are a number of places you can send it to be serviced (though be careful about sending it to the RSC (Rolex Service Center) as they are notorious for replacing dials and hands without your permission. This is annoying for two reasons: 1. Vintage pieces are cooler (and more valuable) when they're all original), and 2. They charge an arm and a legal for them on top of the cost of servicing. Good luck!
These look awesome. I like them a lot. However, the custom patch kinda brings to mind something.... Which is that I kinda wish N&amp;F didn't go so far out of their way to make sure there's always an exposed nipple on the illustration on their patch. In the grand scheme of things it's not a big deal and personally I don't find it very objectionable, and I know no one will ever see it, but just the chance that they might in a professional environment is enough that I don't think I would buy a pair from them. I know that makes me sound either square or paranoid, but shrug, I don't know what to say, the conversation around, "Why is there an exposed nipple on your clothing?" just isn't one I'm willing to have with my HR rep or whatever.
The GOAT questions were much harder than a regular game.
So, I have a question. I just got back from Japan, and we had okonomiyaki in both Osaka and Kyoto, and both times, it was served very simply. Seared on a flat-top teppenyaki style and presented without the whole fancy presentation of mayo, bbq sauce and bonito that I usually see it presented with here in the states. But I have no idea if the two experiences I had were authentic. They were both at pretty dive-y places. So my question is, can you actually get okonomiyaki that looks like this in Japan and my experience was the outlier, or is this type of presentation more of an americanization of the dish?
&gt; Same reason non-profits, startups, etc can get away with less-than-competitive comp vs. the corporate world - Neither of these are because they're a passion-driven industry. Non-profits under-pay people because they don't make money the same way a traditional for-profit company does, so there's less money to go around, and what money there is is more highly scrutinized. Startups often *over-pay* relative to market rate because the working conditions suck, so you have to in order to attract talent. In the instances that they underpay, it's because they're usually cash-strapped and trying to maximize runway, and also because there's usually often equity or other alternative compensation attached to the salary.
&gt; The question is why people still choose to work at those places. Passion is primarily the reason. For startups, this isn't true for the reasons I listed. They're not underpaid. For non-profits, it's partially true in some cases, and in other cases my experience is that people land at non-profits because they couldn't hack it in-industry, so they went to the only place that would take them. In both cases, I don't think "passion" is a useful or even accurate explanation of the scenario described.
Perfect strike decks are recommended for ascension 0 because they require so little synergy to make work. It's a whole strategy in a single card, and A0 is forgiving enough that you don't really need any more optimization than that.
Just curious, as a new-comer, what do you love about it? What have you done/seen/eaten? What persuaded you to move here? Lets hear your story!
End of the World was definitely around when I was in high school, and I graduated in 03...
&gt; "I think I can make a few more bucks of this guy" This is not the right way to think of it. Instead, imagine that there's a "standard" amount of profit, and rather than trying to screw you by adding more to it, instead there are a variety of ways the dealer might be incentivized to come down below that. I don't work in the industry, but a few I can think of are: * Inventory space. You can only fit so many cars on the lot, so there's a cost associated with every car I possess. I might be inclined to lower my price on something that has sat around for a while just to get rid of it. * Financing considerations for people with good credit. Your creditors really want you to pay your bills and not default. There's a cost associated with everyone who fails to pay, so I might give a better deal to someone with better credit. * Quotas. Some dealers need to sell X cars a month in order to earn a bonus from the OEM. If you're the last car I need to sell, and the value of my bonus exceeds the value of the profit on the sale, I'm going to give you a much better deal just to reach my quota. * Trade-in. There's probably a book that specifies that X car is worth $Y. But is that book perfectly up to date? Are there changes in the market that might make me adjust the valuation I'm willing to give on a certain vehicle? Are there unscrupulous dealers that are trying to screw you by adding unnecessary costs and fees, or giving you a shittier than standard rate? Probably. I've never actually personally bought a car from a dealer. But OP's description about the way the internet has flattened margins across the board is completely consistent with everything else I've read. And with any complicated cost structure on a high value sale, there's almost certainly a variety of ways that cost can be adjusted to suit each specific sale.
I think the US system that requires dealers to exist by law is pretty bad and anti-consumer, but the fact that dealerships still exist even in markets where they aren't required is a testament to the fact that they do potentially serve a legitimate purpose and can add value. Specifically, one thing I've learned in business is how hard it is sell complex products and services internationally. There's a lot of nuance and complexity in every culture that you have to know in order to really do business there. So if I'm a Japanese car company, sure I can spend a bunch of time and money growing my sales network in a developing market. Or I can just form one relationship with someone native to that market, let them do all the retailing for me, and I just wholesale to them. Again, the key thing here is flexibility, and the fact that US regulation requires dealers is objectively awful. But dealerships aren't themselves necessarily a bad thing.
I work in arlington heights once a week and try and swing by for ramen/udon in the evening if i can. The line is crazy on the weekends, but non-existent on weekdays
I was gonna guess joong-boo, but their seafood is decidedly kinda sketchy....
to be fair, the vancouver housing market is particularly fucked, even by fucked housing market standards
yes it's [online here](https://www.nytimes.com/puzzles/acrostic/2020/01/19), but not sure if you need a special digital subscription to access it.
Haven't seen the movie, but it's hard for me to imagine this process actually makes the movie better, considering how easy it would be to digitally splice multiple takes together in a way that would be seamless. Just seems kinda gimmick-y. And to be clear, if the gimmick benefitted either the creative or financial result, I think that's totally fine, but I kinda doubt it did either... Idk, has anyone seen it yet? How was it?
I guess not. I kinda thought this "talk about movies" sub, but a lot of the time it seems more like a "offer a sincere opinion without knowing that everyone apparently disagrees and get a bunch of downvotes and sarcastic/condescending comments" sub.
That makes more sense. I thought it was one take because all the publicity for the film says it is, and also the comment in this thread about keeping Cumberbatch for 6 months just to do one scene. So was that comment a bit?
i dont think i understand the question. it is on the archives page https://imgur.com/a/UrNruiK It's also on the front page, too
My pic was from the web view. Not sure about the app. Are the acrosstics typically available on the app, and only this one isn't? Or none of them are?
i didnt write anything off. I have no opinion about the quality of the movie, and made no distinction either way. I said I had a hard time imagining that such an effect would be worthwhile given the impracticality, and then explicitly asked peoples' opinions of the movie. I honestly don't think questioning the validity of a technique with the explicit intention of asking people if they found it successful constitutes "writing it off", nor do I think there's any reasonable argument that it does. But that's my opinion. Others are welcome to disagree and up/downvote accordingly.
Some of those are worse than others, imo. Opinions vary on this, there's no objective standard, but personally, I use these criteria in evaluating a words fairness: 1. Is it "figure-out-able": this is completely subjective, what's obvious to me might not be obvious to you, and vice versa. But even though I'd never seen &gt;!ENCYSTS!&lt; before today, it looks like a word that means what it does, so as the puzzle is coming together, it makes a certain logical sense as you're solving. It's not ideal, but it's not also not complete horseshit, either. 2. Is it common crosswordese. The classic example here is ETUI, a word no real person has ever used in any context, but is just simply part of the crossword lexicon, for better or for worse. Again, what gets included here is subjective. 3. Are the crosses fair: I have a lot more patience for an unfair word if all the crosses are fair. But when two obscure proper nouns who don't have english word structures cross each other, that's egregiously unfair. 4. How many clues are there? And what day of the week is it? I give more latitude to a Saturday (difficulty) or Sunday (size) than a Monday or Tuesday. Again, these are obviously very subjective, and I don't claim anyone else need necessarily adopt or agree with them. But for whatever it's worth (probably nothing), of the clues you called out, only &gt;!SPAD!&lt; feels particularly unfair. &gt;!CAF!&lt;, &gt;!ONER!&lt; and &gt;!ENCYSTS!&lt; are a bit inelegant, and &gt;!SANKAS!&lt; is actually a completely reasonable word that any competent solver should know.
The issues you describe are all economic, but how do you reach someone who had predicated their political identity on social issues that are exploited by the party that doesn't want to solve their economic problems?
Why does pluralizing make a reasonable word unreasonable? Are there any other words you think should only ever be singular?
No sane priest will tell you that God directly talks to them, and gives them explicit instructions of any kind. And that ones that do are either crazy, or corrupt televangelists who are simply lying for money. So yes, there's a big difference between "I have faith in the divine and choose to devote my life to it" and "God told me to kill people."
You're moving the goal posts from your original comment. Your previous point of comparison was "a priest." Now your metric of comparison is people who have committed horrors. Are we comparing this guy to people who have committed atrocities in the name of god? If so, yes, they are cut from the same cloth. Are we comparing this guy to average spiritual people? No, they are not the same.
Did they come like this, or did the grain pattern emerge with wear?
It's pricy, but steak at the tornado room is worth it.
looks like youre full but if anyone drops lmk, i'll join
&gt; Suit or a sports coat for dinner being required or strongly suggested seems overkill even at Alinea. When we went, all the men were wearing jackets. I don't think its required, but I wouldn't say its overkill, either.
just spent 2 weeks in japan. They find places to put corn I never thought possible. You can get hot corn chowder with niblets out of a vending machine.
&gt; like coincidences do happen... That's literally the point. It's just a coincidence. It's not actually a connection, you're just more prone to noticing what was already there because you were primed for it by Kobe's death. Edit: Also, my apologies if your comment was an intentional joke about always noticing Baader-Meinhof, because that's actually pretty funny.
&gt; squally [squal·ly](https://www.dictionary.com/browse/squally) &gt; /ˈskwôlē/ &gt; adjective &gt; (of weather) characterized by squalls. Indeed.
this feels like such a overly simplistic conclusion. I eat out all the time and still maintain my goal weight. Portion control is part of it, making good ordering decisions is another, not snacking is another, and exercising is yet another. But "don't eat out if you don't want to be overweight" doesn't seem like helpful or useful advice.
Is it really that crazy? Freshmen have lots of special programming that other regular students don't get. You could say that should just be covered by tuition... but apparently it isn't, and it's only $20. It's not the fairest thing in the world, but it's not the unfairest, either. It's definitely not "craziness."
&gt; The GOP can’t do a damn thing to get rid of Justin Amash because his constituents elected him, not the party. This isn't true. You're not a Republican because you decide to run as one, you're a Republican because the RNC puts you on their ticket. If they've kept him onboard, it's for no other reason than they think they're better with him than without. They can dump him any election cycle without repercussion and there's nothing he could do about it. &gt; I think it’s a misconception that so-called multi-party systems give you more choice. This is just an insane statement that is refuted by both empirical evidence and common sense. See following comment. &gt; Every system is essentially a two-party system, government and opposition No. In so many ways no. Lots of countries have governments with representation from a wide variety of parties. The US isn't unique in our two-party system, per se, but we are at the apex of the intersection of "polarized vs size". But there's literally no reason it has to be that way except that we run a first-past-the-post system which entrenches power back into the two parties because it stifles third party representation. &gt; Look at how frustrated Pelosi is with AOC You're confusing a couple concepts here. Pelosi is the speaker, not the chairperson of the DNC. She doesn't get to decide who runs. The chairperson's job is (ostensibly*) to pick the most electable slate, and coordinate the efforts of those who try to get them elected. The Speaker (and other political leaders) job is to organize their actual legislative efforts. But these are unrelated and non-overlapping jobs. *I say ostensibly because Debbie Wasserman Schultz was a very recent, memorable, and public exposure of the way the Chairperson may not actually be doing their job in good faith. Note that this is even more reason why you don't want people you don't know and didn't elect picking your candidates for you, which is a problem made more prevalent by the current two party system.
Llama on the left is an r/absoluteunit
i think it's just an optical illusion because of how the leather is bending away from the camera. the pattern is cut with a die on a click press. it's not really possible for a piece to be that misshapen.
boot is fine, it's just a weird angle of the photo.
the only pic that looks weird to me is 4, and i think that's an optical illusion. the rest dont even look weird.
As soon as he is out of office, no one will care about him anymore. A relatively small portion of his base are racist idiots who worship him for normalizing their racism. Most of his supporters are people who just don't really follow politics and don't know any better than to be swindled by him. When he's gone, they won't care about him anymore, tweets or no.
yeah. They have mainline boots that theoretically aren't supposed to go on sale. It's basically just standard makeups like service boot in brown on dainite type of stuff. Even those go on sale occasionally but supposedly aren't supposed to. Collabs shouldn't be any lower quality, though.
For extra nerd cred, throw a shoutout to arrested development https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0PiYS7yUyU
AREA if you count the pre-shortz era
There's nothing about the 500 characters that asks or even suggests you lie. You could just write 500 characters about how you actually feel instead. OP probably chose to lie (or withhold the full truth) specifically because he was planning on selling, but that's OP's choice, not the sub's.
ERA is the most common post shortz. AREA is most common of all time (pre and post combined).
Oh lol I totally missed that, totally my bad that was pretty good!
there's literally no other game quite like [Return of the Obra Dinn](https://store.steampowered.com/app/653530/Return_of_the_Obra_Dinn/). It's a strange sort of puzzle/detecitve game, but highly, highly recommended, one of the best games I've played in years.
I showed this pic to my wife and she immediately narrowed her eyes and called shenanigans. "It's too perfect," she said. Such a cynical world....
I think that may have been for Island of Dr Morreau, in which he also allegedly refused to wear pants so there are no shots of him from the waist down in the whole movie.
&gt; I really hate the "it's the bride's day, the groom is just another guest" attitude. Is this a thing people actually say in real life, as opposed to just on reality shows where they buy wedding dresses? I know it's a cultural thing people sort of sometimes hear about, but I'm in my 30s, have been to more than my fair share of weddings, and have never seen anyone even remotely demonstrate this behavior.
His psychotic fan base definitely listens to him.
I mean, people are welcome to feel how they feel, and if that's how you felt, then ok. But I just think that's a bummer because: 1. The obvious and on the surface reason that it's just a big a moment, with just as much stress and planning and etc., for the groom 2. The whole "a wedding is the bride's special day" comes from a tradition where women weren't able to work and support themselves financially, so the wedding was a celebration that the bride had achieved her first major accomplishment in life, which was being desirable enough that a man would take care of her Both of those things objectively suck balls. People are welcome to feel how they feel, and I imagine it's not uncommon that some dudes are like "yeah, whatever I love you lets get married" and the bride is like "omg this is the happiest day of my liiiiifffeeeee" and aren't at all thinking about it in the terms laid out above. I get that. That's fine. People can feel however they want.
&gt; Thank you to all the culinary experts for pointing out that indeed, squid meat is only rubbery when overcooked. Tell those snobby jerks to get bent. I've had squid fresh out of the ocean. Squid is objectively chewier and more rubbery than vertebrate meat. Is it better when fresh and not overcooked? Yes. Is it ever as tender as poultry or beef? Nah.
Without a doubt they're better trained and are less likely to make a terrible high stress decision. But cops at least have a thin pretense of serving their home community and answering to their mayor, which the national guard doesn't, and it's not clear where their orders come from in a situation like this. Basically, shit's probably more likely to go wrong with the cops, but if it goes wrong with the guard, it probably gets really, really bad.
Proof of [blepping](https://i.imgur.com/gYjL3oc.jpg)
Proof of [blepping](https://i.imgur.com/gYjL3oc.jpg)
Does anyone not do this...?
First, OP isn't unaware. They explicitly said their intention was to disregard the racist interpretation and reclaim the phrase. Second, when it comes to cultural interpretations, consensus reality *is* reality. It's not impossible that someone not know the cultural understanding of a phrase, but if the vast majority do, then that's the way the phrase will be heard and interpreted. As an extreme example, suppose I wanted to come up with a flashy new tagline for my farming collective, and decide that "Blood and Soil" perfectly captures my commitment to farming and hard work. Even if I didn't know that was a Nazi propaganda phrase, most people probably do. Ergo, it *will* be understood in a Nazi context, and my insisting I didn't mean it that way is about as beside-the-point as it gets.
I have this problem on firefox, but usually refreshing a few times will make the page load. When I access the page in Chrome it always works. No clue why.
steak salad
hmu
&gt; it's been politicised intentionally. This has not been my experience, but if you have examples of this I'd definitely be interested to know of them.
Damn, talk about a backhanded compliment
Are you my mummy?
&gt; I generally support their anti-war views and their views and some of their views on the police state I can cherrypick lots of individual pieces you might agree with out of ideologies that you would probably be radically opposed to overall. A few sensible notions does not in any way make libertarianism a good idea.
How does that balance out against the almost endless litany of things they're wrong about, though?
Where can you see the leaderboards?
They're doing plenty to propagate themselves.
&gt; Also the phone works very well at restaurants. It’s so easy to pick up and call to order as well. I tried this with the places i usually from on GrubHub. They said, "Why are you calling us? Please order on Grubhub."
Seems plausible that outsourced delivery and online order processing is worth it for them, especially if they elect not to offer in-house delivery.
&gt; They didn’t say in the post that it was for an app. They said it was for a study. Rule of thumb, any time anyone contacts you online for any kind of interview/convo and isn't immediately explicit about who or what it's for, it's for marketing/product research. If they were a student, they 100% would have identified themselves as such way up front.
&gt; It's not for the vast majority Curious if you have any data on this. My inclination as a business strategist is to believe that if restaurants remain opted into these platforms that it's probably an overall net positive, but could be swayed by data to the contrary. The general anti-GH circlejerk on this sub doens't seem super well informed though.
&gt; I'd unfortunately say, the amount of business sense in the restaurant industry is lacking Honestly that hasn't been my experience. Independent restaurants are one of the most straightforward small businesses you can run. Buy ingredients, hire staff, sell product for more than cost of production + overhead. Sure, fine dining chef types usually have no head for business/numbers, but your typical small restaurateur either learns the financial side of their operation quickly, or goes under just as quickly. The restaurants I worked for all seemed pretty buttoned up in terms of their financials, but maybe that's not typical. Granted I was FOH and never had direct insight to their financials, so maybe not. However, I would be surprised if it wasn't the case, though. &gt; I don't think you'd find many restaurant owners that feel they aren't forced into using grubhub, etc. Let me be clear, I'm not a free market capitalist. I think there's tons of shit that's legal that shouldn't be, and I don't believe it's "up to the market to decide" or any of that horseshit. Having said that, I also don't think GH or 3rd party delivery apps are exploitative. If it's legal and there's demand, than that's what the market is. Putting GH out of business without changing the laws wouldn't change that, as if the demand remains, some other org would fill its place. I'd be 100% in favor of legislation that requires equitable profit distribution from third party delivery/sales orgs. But blaming GH for fulfilling a market demand is kind of missing the point. &gt; If you run the numbers on third party delivery services (and I have for specific restaurants I've worked with) it's generally a net zero at best. Then why use GH at all? You said earlier restaurateurs feel strongarmed into using them. But if it's net zero, why bother? Surely the capital and time/attention that goes into managing and maintaining that service would be better spent elsewhere?
encino man tho
&gt; But why is that racist? Because the cultural norm is that white is "normal", and as someone of polish descent, you're part of the majority culture. When you identify as being of polish descent, people don't necessarily make any assumptions about your identity or personality as a result. In America, we all understand that everyone of european descent came from somewhere, so we don't necessarily distinguish between polish vs italian vs english. But if you're not that, you can be made to feel like you're "other". Being of asian or african or latino descent can feel like "non-normal". When you're a descent of one of those countries, there's a laundry list of qualities that may get attached to you based on our shared cultural expectations. And those people might prefer to feel like they're american first, rather than being associated with the country they've never been to and don't necessarily identify with. Basically, as a culture, the way we treat white is different than the way we treat non-white, so the way the people within those groups behave is different accordingly.
It's VVitch. Even I say so.
Not sure I understand what this means. Which college campuses are empty?
&gt; But impressively lazy too I'm not sure declining to investigate what is by their own admission perfectly legal constitutes an act of laziness. Presumably they have better things to do right now.
I'm not a big fan of shell. The depth of color it can achieve is admittedly nice, but I'll take the tight creasing of good calf over the big, uneven, lumpy rolls of shell any day. I also don't find shell to be very comfortable compared to calf, either. Currently the only shell in my collection is a pair of black alden oxford dress shoes. I've sold off all myy casual shell because I didn't like wearing it as much as my other stuff.
appleton?
life, uh, finds a way
very different than HK. HK is more focused on exploration and combat. It really has no significant platforming element. Sure you're maneuvering through a 2d, and there are a couple platforming sections, but it's not really what the game is about. Celeste in contrast has no combat whatsoever, and is almost entirely about super tight platforming. Both very good games, but the experience of playing them is pretty different, imo.
Was rearranging some furniture in my office and put his lambskin blanket on a cheap, backyard butterfly chair just for a second. Well, next thing you know, [this happened](https://i.imgur.com/Cm7kYGT.jpg) and I haven't had the heart to move it because he loves it so much
&gt; Yeah I see zero reason why writing while smoking pot would inherently make the writing bad I think it's different for different people. But I'm a writer (both comedy and professionally) and I can't write for shit on weed. It just locks up something in my brain that I personally need, but I know others do find it makes them more creative and able to write.
i agree that would be disqualified in the NYT, but: 1. I do the NYT every day, this wasn't a recent clue 2. OP didnt provide a source, who knows what their editorial standards are?
you don't? well excuuuuuuusseee me, your royal majesty
We mostly visited the big cities (Tokyo, Osaka, Kobe, Kyoto), and then spent some time in the north in Sapporo to go skiing. We didn't have time to go the island with the deer that bow to you or anything. Or the wild bunny island. Or the wild capybara island. Or any of the wild animal islands : ( Although, actually, we did meet some wild monkeys outside Kyoto, which was awesome.
Where are you seeing $2k? Looks like it retails for [$200](https://www.oldripvanwinkle.com/whiskey/family-reserve-20-year/).
I've tried to go three times, and every time there's a line out the door : (
Just run of the mill tribalism. People who look/act/live like me are better than people who don't.
nay
except that for BB, pictures 1, 3 and 4 are all from episode 1. Not sure where the 2nd pic is from, but the order is jacked up.
Here's a recipe video from Chef John https://youtu.be/q5foZ80AENM
dont you dare sully the purity of this post with that.
Everyone hated the bunker full of crate gear on Vikendi and this seems like the same concept. I'm glad there nothing good there.
I like to use a little Maggi sauce for the same purpose
1. Intention. This is what I wanted to learn. 2. Action. This is what I did to learn it. 3. Results. This is what the outcome was. 4. Transaction. This is what I did because of it. UX is the scientific method. Stay as process-oriented as possible.
22 &gt;!applesauce!&lt;
&gt; It’s difficult to tell in the photos, but the dial has a subtle texture reminiscent of Japanese rice paper [Here's a close up photo](https://forums.watchuseek.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=14892263&amp;d=1582353667) that does a good job of showing the dial texture
In terms of gender I find it about 50/50, maybe 60/40 female. In terms of race, most of the UXers I've met are white, indian or korean. That's just my experience, no clue about industry average.
"Because You Loved Me" is downright oppressive
&gt; The uniced parts are the best parts of the pop-tart. It took me an embarrassingly long time to work out the word "uniced." I tried pronouncing it like unicorn for a solid 30 seconds before figuring out what it said. That's 100% on me, though.
if I walked into my rich lottery winning friends new mansion and saw this on the wall or in the middle of the coffee table, it would be 10% cool and 90% nope
I'll go to my grave insisting [Gravyboat Lighthouse](https://teamcoco.com/video/gravyboat-lifehouse-commercial-112410) is the pinnacle of the television artform.
Pasting a comment I left from a recent thread as I think it's applicable here: When I review a portfolio, I look for the following steps, the more explicit the better: 1. Intention. This is what I wanted to learn. 2. Action. This is what I did to learn it. 3. Results. This is what the outcome was. 4. Transaction. This is what I did because of it. UX is the scientific method. Stay as process-oriented as possible.
try r/watchexchange
Quern is recommended for people who like Myst-style puzzlers. It has a ludicrous story about the search for an ancient civilization and unlimited power and all that nonsense, but some good puzzles along the way. Ironically, Obduction (which was made by the Myst guys) is unplayably boring.
&gt; But they come in anyway telling us it sucks we have to work on Thanksgiving. Well if you wouldn’t come in, we wouldn’t have to work. This is misplaced anger. Don't get mad at customers for going to a store that's open. Your employer is the one with both the ability and the responsibility to be humane to its workers. They're the ones that should elect to close.
Maybe I'm not looking at the right image, but I don't see an option with a sandwich dial
What you're describing is called crossword-ese, the language of words no one has ever used in real life in natural conversation, but that are common and familiar to crossword solvers. For the most part, everyone hates it, and 95% of posts on the subreddit about it are like, "fuck these bullshit words no one ever uses"
The whole thing is not to put ketchup on a chicago style dog. People who complain about it on a plain dog are just repeating a meme they don't understand.
Is this some kind of trick or meta joke? where am I supposed to look? The header image only says "R/TOOAFRAIDTOASK" and it's spelled correctly.
idk, maybe whatever device or platform you're looking at is different than how it looks for me, but the phrase "small circular image on the left side" doesn't make any sense for how reddit looks on web for me. https://imgur.com/a/btwPSRa
ah interesting, my display is completely different, that does explain things, thanks!
&gt; I know that "intellectual" gamers dislike Epic honest question: i have no idea what this means. what does this mean?
\*while getting stabbed with a felting needle* existence is pain!
I have a pair of fit 3 khaki chinos and they're my favorite summer weight pants.
&gt; It won't be relevant to any jobs Going solely on how I spend the bulk of my time relative to actually working, memeing is definitely a job.
&gt; The ads aren't really made for women, or things like "hey, this is comfy" and "this doesn't cut into me if I wear it for awhile!" Women are complex people who like to have sex, not just be comfortable. Other companies make more comfort-oriented underwear, but that's not what VS is all about.
&gt; They really sneak it up on people like that? That's messed up. Depends on what level you're at. The description above would be like a craigslist style local photo shoot, and maybe that kind of stuff happens there. But by the time you're an actual professional model and have a contract with an agency, none of that shit happens because you're dealing with professionals who have to live and work in an industry where you see the same people over and over again. On set, crazy unprofessional stuff like that isn't common anymore, there's too much money at stake.
But if you don't use the toppings to make like a little forest scene, is it really focaccia?
&gt; replaced the doing
&gt; If Rolex were building a house they wanted to sell for 10-100x what the mass market equivalent sells for Isn't that exactly what a rolex already is?
We had a donut buffet. #noragerts
It's a refreshing change from the pictures of freddie mercury, sexy grandmas, and completely normal, not cool looking people from the 60s.
I learned these as &gt;!Aunt Birdie Fish!&lt; problems [link](https://books.google.com/books?id=bg5-MFjkk-UC&amp;pg=PA140&amp;lpg=PA140&amp;dq=aunt+birdie+fish&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=AoYmpTHp71&amp;sig=ACfU3U1tWXZiiiEfKOYc4dO9IR3pTIZrtw&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwi7hMPAhJjqAhWEWM0KHQKBAmwQ6AEwAHoECAcQAQ#v=onepage&amp;q=aunt%20birdie%20fish&amp;f=false)
I get that. But idk, it feels like the introduction of prizes is just an incentive to cheat.
Has it ever happened in the history of humanity? Sure. But broadly speaking, my experience with people who use the phrase "virtue signaling" is that they fundamentally don't understand why anyone would care about something they don't and assumes it must be some kind of vanity-boosting public display. My experience is that this is almost never actually the case, and that the person who used the phrase "virtue signalling" is just an asshole.
lol omg that nai was brutal
&gt; I C Weiner joke on Futurama. My wife and I have a longstanding argument here. Is the joke: 1. I See Weiner 2. Icy Weiner 3. Both ??? Note: In the context of the joke, the guy is frozen in a cryogenic capsule thing which may give additional credence to B than might otherwise be expected.
No judgment on what anyone likes, but for me personally, I like the main song but not the spoken word breakdown part. In general, I don't think I find Jack as funny as he finds himself. But that's just the way it goes sometimes, you take the good with the bad.
Less cynically: if you've already signed in once, you often don't need to sign in again, so there's no need to make the log in button as prominent
Die Hard 1 - no shoes Die Hard 3 - only shoes
Was it Berklee? Because that is legit confusing
if that was intentionally a dead link, that's actually pretty funny
Those are called rebus puzzles, the NYT will do them fairly often on Thursdays and occasionally on Sundays. After having done thousands and thousands of puzzles, you figure out how to spot them. Things just don't "work" they way they should be and you realize something else needs to be happening for the puzzle to be solved. As long as they're fair, I like them, and if they need to give you a hint, then it probably wasn't fair/interesting to begin with.
oh god i'd forgotten about that. the one where pamela adlon makes him put on makeup, right?
&gt; You have to respect the work ethic even if his "persona" is annoying. Why? People say this all the time. "Tom Cruise might be crazy, but you *have* to respect his work ethic!" "Say what you will about screamy metal singers, but do you realize *just how much work* goes into achieving that sound??" Etc. Lots of people have lots of time. And there's all sorts of things a person, sufficiently motivated, can invest themselves into. Who cares? If the end result isn't something that's enjoyable, interesting, rewarding, or enlightening in some way, why do I care how much work goes into it? Note: that's not a rejection of what people like. People can like whatever they want. I don't care. My point is that I don't have to like it, or even respect it. Narduar produces unwatchable content. The degree to which it's thoroughly researched unwatchable content is immaterial to me.
it's always lupus
I'd be curious to know how specific to NYT this bingo is. Offhand I'd say some of these are pretty common to others as well, but that's just sort of off the top of my head/anecdotal. Would actually be really interesting to see some science on it.
Is the quality any different?
&gt; And their prices are mostly the same since the switch, while the costs are likely a lot lower being MiChina. You're welcome to patronize any brands you wish for any reasons you wish. All I'll say is, if this is a line of interrogation you want to go down, be prepared for a wildly inconsistent, intrasparent and unpredictable investigation of the value chain. We pay a lot of money for things that cost a great deal, such as cell phone service and internet bandwidth, and pay very, very small margins on other items such as staple foods (flour, milk, rice, etc). Businesses are complicated. Cost of manufacturing and deliver is complicated. Did TS improve their margins moving to china over miusa? Almost certainly yes. But... like... the whole reason to do so is to make more money. And if the quality isn't any different, then the only actually difference from a consumer perspective is if you'll only shop MIUSA. I think only shopping MIUSA is a reasonable position and I admire anyone who sticks to it as close as is reasonable. But if that's not the dealbreaker, I'm not sure it's reasonable to expect a corresponding drop in MSRP just because they reduced their operating costs. That's just what running a business is.
Me, an intellectual
Did Tom write all the songs on the Heartbreakers records too?
People think all big companies are the same
Chicago's deli game overall is pretty bad in the city. It's the one cuisine that's consistently way better in the suburbs. Following this thread for recs.
It may be funkier, but it's also probably a lot less legible : (
I hope that didnt get you too down
I've made these [tempura fried avocado tacos](https://www.bonappetit.com/recipe/fried-avocado-tacos) and they came out well. I'd honestly make them again if they weren't a messy pain in the ass. But yeah, they only fry just long enough in very, very hot oil so that yyou crisp the batter without actually cooking the avocado wedge, maybe like 20-30 seconds.
Any Myst games that hold up to modern standards? I like "walk around the island solving puzzles" style games, but didn't think the original Myst help up very well.
&gt; but those items generally end up getting stored away in a box full of other artifacts never to be seen again. Top.... men.
There's more that makes these times uncertain than just covid. By saying "uncertain times" you capture covid, BLM, the 2020 presidential election/politics in general, and god knows what else. Why say one thing when you can say them all, especially if you hope to rerun that media for longer than a epidemiological crisis of unknown duration.
