Just watch yourself. For some, fapping without porn can make the urges for porn much stronger.
This might be /r/showerthoughts material, but isn't all video stop motion animation?
If you need a magic user to force open your soul gate, how did the first magicians come about?
That sounds sinister...
Sheeit, I bet his bananas are even seedless!
&gt;PS - This House of Cards trilogy shits on the US version This is true for pretty much any show that started in Britain; The Office, Being Human, Top Gear, etc.
It depends on the day. I've been working a lot lately, so I haven't been drinking much, maybe 2 cups a day. When I have more time, i.e. the rest of the year, I drink upwards of a half gallon (2 liters) to a gallon (4 liters) a day.
It's not just faces but any pattern where it shouldn't be.
Honestly, I can't stand tea puns. They're so ubiquitous and rarely ever funny.
Are you a tea pun writer? Edit: just checked your history and you're from Novelteas! I actually like those and have the original 3 and Pippi from the first Kickstarter.
I love your designs! They're so fun.
Where does you original source say anything about people hearing transmissions from the '30s and '40s?
&gt;I consider you to be a [Superlative] human being... Actually, "Superlative" works really well for that part.
Not a little bit. It is very much like Princess Bride. If you liked that film (and who doesn't?), you'll love this one.
What's the problem? I brew green teas gongfu all the time. Just use lots of leaf, boiling water and short steep and it usually turns out pretty well.
And now I'm putting that in my will. I'll make my loved ones put me up in their living room.
Except there is no reference on which side the wall is on. All you have is multiple pictures of the roll and that's it.
I bet that would make an awesome chai if mixed with a good CTC Assam!
Preheated cast iron pots lose heat at just about the same rate as most other preheated pots of the same capacity. There was a couple of posts a while back that tested this. It wasn't the most scientific, but it showed that the type of pot doesn't have a whole lot to do with heat retention.
I found the posts. Part one is [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/tea/comments/5tczfw/did_some_testing_to_see_how_a_cast_iron_teapot_i). Part two is [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/tea/comments/5tlxen/response_to_the_previous_teapot_test_topic/).
You had me all the way until you said anise. I can't stand that stuff (or licorice or fennel). Still the Colombian or Brazilian kinds might be worth checking out.
Also Canada, many Asian countries and a handful of other countries throughout the world.
Wait, why? I see space factories build ships all the time in a lot of different universes, but haven't heard any issues with that.
You didn't explain why it makes more sense, you just listed how it is made. And I meant to say it could be more easily listed chronologically. All you have to do is take the 8 digit number and list it smallest to highest rather than going back and forth from one part to another to see what's next.
Unfortunately this action of moving the cylinder along with rotating it, cocking the hammer and releasing the hammer gives it extremely long and heavy trigger pull.
&gt;Side question: Do people normally care if teas are pesticide free or not? Why? I don't. Being pesticide free means you are likely buying a product that is overpriced just for the fact that it is marketed as such and had a lower yield due to losing crops from pests. Finally, pesticides are generally safe for consumption by humans, especially in the low levels that would be found on tea leaves. There really is no reason to go looking for this except for one. The only tea I know of that might be pesticide free and is bought for that reason is bug bitten tea (sorry, can't remember it's actual name). The plant senses the bites and reacts by building more chemicals to those leaves, giving it a more intense or different flavor. Of course, it might not actually be pesticide free and is sprayed after the bugs do their work or they could use a pesticide that doesn't effect the bugs they want to bite it.
I've got some of them from YS, can't remember which one's exactly though. It is the most petrichorus and mushroomy flavored puerh I've ever encountered, and this includes a puerh that's been blended with morels. It's quite good.
I can think of worse ways to go. I mean, choking isn't exactly fun, but death seems to happen much quicker by a force choke than by a rope, for example. Look at [this video](https://youtu.be/T-NvFIK_beQ#t=1m33), it only takes this guy about 17 seconds to die.
Your link only says many countries require that, not most.
Almost no Americans use imperial. We use the customary system.
Everything you have quoted says that they are poisonous, just not very strongly.
&gt;&gt;**Marks** &gt;Whenever a mage uses magic, marks appear on his or her body. ... And the more magic used, the longer the marks stay around. This is an idea that I've kicked around. Make the marks originate wherever the magic comes from and have it mirror or allude to what type of magic they used. Say the mage threw lightning from the fingerprints, then the mark would be a [Lichtenberg scar](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/49/eb/a1/49eba1d06261f23b8914e92fb3b16a3b.jpg) across the hand and up the wrist. If the mage used remote viewing, their eyes could lose their color for a short while. A cold spell could make their body lightly blue, as if from a lack of oxygen.
I'm slowly working my way through TOS, which episode is that?
Yes.
There's a brand called Dry that has a good cucumber pop. It's not very sweet and is closer to a cucumber flavored seltzer, but it's pretty good. They've also got a vanilla and blood orange that are decent. I've heard good things about their lavender, but I don't know how into drinking flowers I am.
I've got a place called Rocket Fizz near me that's just loaded with these pops, but they are so damn expensive.
Do you have any recs for blueberry soda? The only one I can really find is Maine Root and it is one of my favorite drinks.
Look for a Rocket Fizz or a Pop's or another specialty soda shop near you, that's triable your best bet. The blueberry soda I usually get is Maine Root, but it's hit or miss to find. I usually get it at a local grocer best the fancy ginger beers and whatnot, not with the Coke and Pepsi.
If you're not into the sweet stuff, Dry brand sodas are pretty good. They've got a cucumber one that might be up your alley. Also ginger beer is great for a less sweet option. While they aren't my thing, you might like birch beer or certain root beers/sarsaparillas.
Off by 105
I always loved the moral at the end of Charles Perrault's version: &gt;From this story one learns that children, especially young lasses, pretty, courteous and well-bred, do very wrong to listen to strangers, And it is not an unheard thing if the Wolf is thereby provided with his dinner. I say Wolf, for all wolves are not of the same sort; there is one kind with an amenable disposition – neither noisy, nor hateful, nor angry, but tame, obliging and gentle, following the young maids in the streets, even into their homes. Alas! Who does not know that these gentle wolves are of all such creatures the most dangerous!
I only found out about it around a year ago. Check the Giant Eagles around you, that's where I usually get it.
No you're not, but only because your tongue can't fit anywhere comfortably in your mouth.
The rules stated that that equipment has to be worn. The referees didn't have any other choice in the matter but to remove him.
Thank you for linking a preparation that isn't exaggerated. I was expecting the link to go to the blog where they make it "prison style" with two razor blades wrapped in copper wire and stuck into a light socket.
Nice. I'll have to check them out next time I need some.
Because the risk is nearly nil. This is like asking why do people go outside in the sun if there's a risk of skin cancer?
So are tacos.
Maybe that was his work?
I'm pretty sure Herbert Gilbert invented the e-cigarette way back in [1963](https://www.google.com/patents/US3200819). Hon Lik's patent wasn't filed until 2010.
Nope, I prefer my tea to not taste salty. The only exception is when I'm making suutei tsai or po cha and want them to be traditional, it as traditional as I can be without access to horse or yak milk and butter.
Holy shit, that's a lot of people! I mean just look at [how many people were on that show](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0108778/fullcredits/cast).
It never will reach that length. If you cut the double length loop with to full turns, it just creates two interlinked loops, each with two full turns. Cutting those in half will create 4 connected loops with two full turns and so on.
Yixing pots are low fired and porous, meaning they will absorb oils from the tea, changing the character of the brew over time. This is a slow process and not immediately noticeable. By using the same type of tea each time, it can enhance that type of tea's flavors. Or by using a different tea after it has been seasoned for one kind, it can radically change the resulting liquor. So, to answer the title question, you could use a single pot for multiple teas, but it isn't a good idea. It is possible to unseason a pot so it can be used for multiple teas, but that probably isn't something you would want to do on a regular basis. As for a recommended size, 120ml is the common upward bound unless you serve multiple people at a time. With smaller pots, you can get a lot of steeps without having to go to the bathroom every other one. That said, I regularly use a 150ml gaiwan for myself (though I have a large bladder), so 200ml isn't too bad.
I assume. I did a search for Alex Ross Star Wars crossover and this was the first image and the art seems to match his style.
Quit spamming your shit. You appear to own this website and all of the links to actually purchase stuff are referrals, as evidenced by the "tag\=citsaf-20" in the links. (Backslash edited because I don't know Automod would delete my comment as a referral itself.)
How can you see his face?
Nobody needs to fly it. The jet is a sentient shapeshifting crystal that fell in love with Wonder Woman.
You really shouldn't take medical advice from some rando on the internet. Questions like this are best answered by a trained medical and/or mystical professional in person.
I've been off the last two days and spent them cleaning, so I would take my 1L glass tankard and grandpa some stuff. The first day was a wonderfully smoky and tobacco-y tian jian from YS. Yesterday was Holy Flame, a 7(?) year old sheng packed with fannings from Crimson Lotus. Today I'm at work and eating lunch, so I made some Lemon Kandy from Teakruthi. I'm usually not a big fan of flavored black teas, but this one is fairly decent. Its lemon smell is much stronger than the flavor, but it's still there.
I have no musical talent and yet I just ordered two ocarinas thanks to you...
Didn't you ask this a couple days ago. I could have sworn I've seen it before...
It can be for some people.
That's low balling it a bit.
Hmm... Interesting. I like most greens except spinach and collard, so I might have to get my hands on some to try sauteing up.
Do they at least apologize afterward?
Luckily all you have to do to get them back is make egg shell soup.
Naw, you did alright. So quit crying, viper your nose and get back out there!
Anybody catch this? How was it? I love this channel, but can't stand live shows do I sat this one out.
I did a reverse image search on a couple random teapots and the only result was this site, so it might be fairly legit.
You could, but matcha doesn't dissolve in the water. Instead, it is a suspension of leaf particles that will eventually sink to the bottom requiring you to mix it back up again.
&gt; The "psychics" claim it was painless and safer than real surgery done by people who know what they are doing. I mean, they aren't wrong. There *is* no chance of dying from psychic surgery. There is no chance of fixing the original problem either...
Note: The brightness of this image was adjusted on my phone slightly to show what I see in person, which is just barely the bottom of the cup. I love this teahouse (Dobra Pittsburgh) but they severely overestimate the steep times. If I would've gone the recommended minute, it would have made it so dark and strong that it would be close to motor oil. I'm guessing they are told to do this so people can get fewer steeps and they'll leave sooner, but that might just be the pessimist in me. Anyways, back to the tea. It's a really good, earthy puerh with a nice smokiness to it and the bamboo really comes through. It lasts forever, too. It's one that I keep coming back to when I come here. Also with their lunch special of any tea, unlimited hot water and a hummus plate with pita, celery, carrots and cucumber at $12 ($13 for their more expensive teas), it can't be beat for a nice, relaxing early afternoon like today where I've got 4 hours to kill between work and a jewelry metalsmithing class. Edit: 6 steeps in and I still haven't reached 1 minute (steep number 8 should do it). It's still just as dark and, if anything, even more strongly flavored. Wish I had much more time to see how far this goes but I gotta dip out in about a half hour.
Stardust is a great movie to get you out of your funk.
3 feet long and has two handholds? This isn't a handgun, it's a rifle. Seems really interesting though. I'll have to check out that book.
It qualifies as all three.
&gt; why you are looking for clay tray? ... I would lean towards ceramic Ceramic is by definition clay.
In the direction opposite of the muzzle and rotating around the grip, same as when firing it normally. The grip is below the barrel (in a normal firing position for most guns) and the recoil will be pushing back along the barrel, so it will picky around the grip causing what's known as muzzle rise. If you were to rotate the gun 90 degrees widdershins but still hold the gun by the grip, it will push back along the barrel and pivot to the left around the grip.
That's so she can watch me hit it doggystyle.
The first novel follows somewhat closely to the movie where it requires desire to open the box and when they are summoned they must take somebody with few exceptions. Kirsty, for example, was able to summon them out of get desire to get rid of Frank and save her love interest. The second book throws everything on its head. [Spoilers ahead; I highly recommend reading The Scarlet Gospels instead.](#s "The Hell Priest, née Pinhead, has taken many powers over the intervening years to the point where he can open the configurations remotely, acting as portals between Hell -yes, THE Hell- and Earth. He is no longer concerned with taking souls for the army and just wants more power to exact his plan.") I think that's all I'll say about that so I don't ruin it too much. It's been a while since I've read the comics, so I might have a few things off, but I believe the following is correct. The comics are not any type of canon, this isn't to say that they don't have interconnected stories, so they play a little loose with the rules. But generally speaking the many puzzles require some kind of determination to solve. It doesn't need to be a desire to experience all of the pleasures available to you. Some people have accidentally solved a puzzle because they like doing puzzles and wanted to get harder and harder ones. Some have done it because they were told to do it. And quite a few kids were killed because somebody created knockoff configurations and sold them as Christmas presents, but they didn't have the desire requirement, requiring a taskforce of cenobites to destroy these ones. The comics we're definitely ... different, but most of them were really fun and weren't wholely contradictory to anything other than The Scarlet Gospels, which contradicts almost everything before it.
You see, the speed of your prop determines how fast you go. By stopping it, he was able to slow down quite a bit, and reversing it meant could slow enough to just hover until he landed.
&gt;And.. &gt; &gt;&gt;70's and 80s &gt; &gt;Vs &gt; &gt;&gt;70s and 80's &gt; &gt;Make up your mind man! &gt; &gt; &gt;Hint: Neither is correct. The correct version is '70s and '80s.
Good luck using those cups, they get ridiculously hot.
Only the ones with errors.
Are they? I started from the beginning and am still a ways away from the end.
Mobius is Earth, just many, *many* years later. It's after an apocalypse caused by aliens and long enough for animals to anthropomorphize due to the aliens' influence.
Look at you, all fancy there with your Pyrex bowl and all. I use a kitchen towel under my gaiwan and cup.
That's pretty interesting. I just figured if it is smoky it must be smoked.
Naw, I think you just took the crown for that. To say somebody is weak against something in this context implies that he takes more damage from it than somebody else would. Would you say that Robin has a weakness to face punches or Green Arrow is weak to bullets?
That's interesting. Is there a reason he shows a los of powers here?
It's an oolong with an interesting name.
How is this in any way artisinal?
Pour times can be slightly slower, they lose heat on longer steeps because they don't have a lid and they are made of a thicker clay, so the little handles her extremely hot if you brew a lot quickly. Most of these can be remedied though; you could start pouring earlier, use the cup as a lid and not be a pansy (there's actually not much you can do for the third one). Reasons to get one include they look nice, work well and travel well.
How about trying with the age old punch recipe of "1 (part) sour, 2 sweet, 3 strong, 4 weak, (optionally) spice makes 5." Note: it isn't 5 parts of spice, just a dash. Using this as a guide, I would try 1 part of a strong citrus like lemon or lime, 2 parts of a simple syrup or maybe just a light brown sugar, 3 parts alcohol and 4 parts of tea brewed strong. The mint could be considered a 5th ingredient.
A number with 10^20 zeros would be an absolutely massive number. There would be 100 QUINTILLION zeros after the 1. What you meant to say was the **value** of the bill was 1*10^20 pengő.
With humans in them. The humans are traveling at those speeds, relative to a fixed point on Earth.
More TILs incoming. Edvard Munch made somewhere between 4 and 50 versions of The Scream. In 1893, he painted one version and made another using crayon. The original painting has "could only have been painted by a madman" scratched into it. It is unknown of Munch or a critic wrote this. The most well known one (which sold for nearly $120 million in 2012) is probably the third, which is accompanied by the following poem: &gt;I was walking along the road with two friends. The Sun was setting – &gt;The Sky turned a bloody red &gt;And I felt a whiff of Melancholy – I stood Still, deathly tired – over the blue-black Fjord and City hung Blood and Tongues of Fire &gt;My Friends walked on – I remained behind – shivering with Anxiety – I felt the great Scream in Nature He also made a lithograph stone of the painting and made around 45 prints, many of which he painted over top of the ink. He also painted another version of it 15 years after the originals were done.
Have you tried [ice brewing gyokuro](http://www.hibiki-an.com/sp/product_info.php/products_id/374) (instruction #1 in the link)? It takes a while to make, but it is worth it.
I'm not super big on following blogs, but one I keep running into and enjoying is /u/AwkwardSoul's blog, [Oolong Owl](http://oolongowl.com/). I enjoy her style of writing and we appear to have similar tastes.
Big Clive, known for his electronics videos, has a really good [video on how these sprinklers work](https://youtu.be/gR3aAi-fNJA).
&gt;Assuming *none* actors of Breaking Bad existed in the show's universe (i.e. there's no Brian Cranston, no Aaron Paul, etc) Why would we assume this? It isn't like in our universe that just because [Chad Smith exists, Will Ferrell doesn't](http://entertainment.ie//images_content/rectangle/620x372/chadwill2.jpg). Wouldn't it be best to use actors that both look like the character and are able to best reproduce their actions/emotions?
Oh, look at that, an $80 watch being given away absolutely free, only if you pay $9.99 for shipping... Or, you know, just do a reverse image search and find it for $2 by clicking the very first look... https://www.wish.com/c/55f133b38d2aa5553a247b55
Metal detectors work by running electricity through a coil of wire, creating a magnetic field. When metal passes through, it distorts the magnetic field and the machine detects the change. The machines can be set to different sensitivity levels, so you need a stronger distortion to set it off. Some metals, such as titanium\*, are less magnetic than others, so they'll distort the field to a small degree. And small pieces of metal, such as screws or rods, change the field much less than larger pieces, like joint replacements. Thirdly, your body works to dampen the magnetic field, so metal inside the body is weaker than a similar amount outside of the body. Source: I work with these things every day. \* Popular belief is that titanium does not set of metal detectors, but this isn't true. I have a 10 ounce ball of pure titanium that I decided to test this with and it definitely sets them off.
Pretty sure canon officially is the latest releases. If he's in the newest version, it is canon.
Naw, I'm usually ignoring you.
Are you interested in straight teas, blends or herbals? For straight stuff, Yunnan blacks are malty and somewhat reminiscent of chocolate. Some ripe puerh can be nicely chocolatey, too, but it's hard to find a really good one with those notes. There are lots of blends that use cocao or even pieces of chocolate. Adagio is a highly recommended brand for blends, just search "chocolate", "cocoa" or "cocao." For herbals, see the previous paragraph, as well as checking out cocao nib or shell teas.
You are wrong. Some poisons do work like that.
Jamaican is a language?
For the people saying not to put it over a flame because it might break, it isn't like the fire is things of degrees, which this pot has already lasted through twice.
&gt; really just the equivalent of everyone agreeing to call in sick on the same day. That's called a strike.
I thought you made this 7 months ago? https://www.reddit.com/r/somethingimade/comments/77nhfu/i_made_a_stitched_up_heart_last_night
It is white with a very slight green tint.
There is an avant garde shop that takes a certain sharkskin that is extremely rough and makes two different style of gloves; one with the teeth outside so you can fuck people up and one with it inside, marketed as the last gloves you'll wear.
No, his body heals with the cancer. The man is a walking, trash talking tumor at this point. Chemo might kill off some of the cancer, but his healing factor will just bring it back.
&gt; John Constantine, infamous in wizarding circles, had demon\-tainted blood Wait, where is this established? I don't remember any mention of that at all throughout his series.
Apparently professional choir singers aren't musicians...
Chugga chugga chugga, NOPE! NOPE!
&gt; countries where cocaine is still used for medical purposes Such as the US.
&gt;... pure darkness, lack of sensation and silence might frighten him, considering it's something he never experiences. Or that would be bliss for him since he's usually overwhelmed, I'm not sure which. That's gotta be a fear for him. While he has his echolocation thing, he knows what it is like to lose a sense and be helpless without just the one. Now imagine losing the rest of them.
The same thing that happens when he takes the blood from anybody else. A tattoo in and of itself doesn't consecrate the person, if anything it would do the opposite because the Bible talks against tattoos (according to some interpretations). And it isn't the cross that harms or repels a vampire, it is belief that does it. So, if the vampire is attacking the person and the person rips his shirt open and projects the cross tattoo at the vampire, then it might protect the bearer.
Somewhat. Name Explain just released a video explaining the two, but basically Kyoto means Capital (Kyo) City (To) since it was the capital. Tokyo, previously Edo, translates to Eastern (To) Capital (Kyo) because it is the new capital and is east of the old one. The "To" part in the Japanese kanji for these two cities are different characters and are pronounced slightly differently. Name Explain is a great channel that I recommend checking out, though he is really bad with his foreign pronunciations and [this video](https://youtu.be/XVbshlv5Pow) is one of his worst for it.
Where the spout connects inside, is it completely open or does it have strainer-like holes? If it's the latter, it is a pot. If the former, it could go either way, but probably is more likely to be a kettle.
I've seen their tins on the site but there aren't any pictures of the top so I don't know if it has a spout. Do you know if it has one?
I'm up to 2750 calories today. When does the weight disappear?
[GoYerbaMate's ultimate bombilla](http://www.goyerbamate.com/store/p/760-Itapua-Ultimate-Bombilla.aspx)! It's not traditional but it ain't going to get anything through the straw.
The POV gun from the Hitchhikers Guide to the Universe movie would be pretty nice, even for just one hour.
Tell me more about this trampoline dodgeball.
Why do these beings need something from the humans? Why not make their motives more abstract? Some of them might just enjoy the irony of a person who can do remote viewing but can no longer see anything within 20 yards of him/herself. Some might be more benevolent and give the ability to heal others, but at the cost of your physical strength so you can't harm others as easily. Others can be chaotic and give you great destructive powers, but each use drains more of your life away (say you can create fires but your body burns a little each time).
Imagine Shadowrun but less cyberpunk.
Why don't you wash the even worse pesticides from organic vegetables?
No longer rolling your own coal?
In the MCU, he is around 5'8".
Shite, I did misread that. My bad.
That explains John Townsend...
I've never heard of that brand, but just checked them out. I'm not too keen on the Aeronauts but the Brain Bag looks really nice. I'll keep it in mind.
I've been considering building a get home bag. The 72 might be a bit large for that, but the other Rush series might work for that. I'm not an all out prepper, but I like to have at least some of my shit together.
But how will I be able to tell how big my fish is?
Ounce only measures weight. The volume measurement is the fluid ounce.
As somebody with that last name, we know. (Also, it is usually pronounced Fooks with the oo as in too)
Or /r/asksciencediscussion, which is more open to theoreticals.
I was thinking about going. I mean, [it is only a 12 hour drive, but I think that wreck hallway there might cause issues](http://i.imgur.com/LxB1EuT.jpg)...
You could always use the saddle blanket from the other horse to wrap up the body. If the blanket isn't too soiled, you can toss that over the back of your horse. If it is, tie it to the back of your saddle and drag the blanket cocooned body behind you. It's like you've never had to travel across the country with a dead body or something...
Makes down and reintegrated into society, obviously...
There is absolutely nothing in any citizens arrest law that would except an officer. Most laws state that any person can attest any other person as long as certain standards are met, those standards mainly being that you witnessed a crime, and in many cases the crime must be a felony.
My money rides on Squirrel Girl.
I sent it in to KelTec and they fixed it. I believe they changed the firing pin, but I'm not certain.
DC Comics isn't really a victim of RAS Syndrome though. DC Comics is the comics branch of DC Entertainment. Before DC Entertainment existed, they were just DC, meaning Detective Comics.
&gt; arvo, sarvo, deso, durrie and u-ey are words. American here. The only thing I (possibly) recognize is u-ey, if you are referring to a U-turn.
Then it doesn't sound very TIL worthy of they are unknowns. Also there's a rule against recent happenings.
To delete a post, look under the title and there should be a bunch of options. Delete is one of them. ([Example, but ignore the arrow.](http://i.imgur.com/GkF8fLM.png)) This is for the desktop site though, I'm not sure how to do it if you are on their app.
This is only for supersonic bullets. Many rounds are subsonic or come in special subsonic loadings.
&gt; We already spend more per person than all our piers in public money. This only makes sense. Docks don't have any money.
Alright, so it isn't a real mate, but it works just as well. It's an 8 fluid ounce vacuum-insulated wine glass and came in a 2 pack from Amazon, but the main reason I bought it was because it came with a lid that fits my Walmart brand 14 fluid ounce one. The lid is sloped down toward a large hole for drinking (now for adding water) and a tiny breather hole at the top that I dremeled wider to fit a bombilla. Now I can take my yerba to work and leave it in the break room (no drinking on the floor) without people freaking out about the cup full of nasty looking weed stuff. The only problem I've noticed is that the fill hole pours water onto the mountain instead of in the valley. I'm considering adding a small slot to the fill hole so the bombilla can fit properly through there and not flood the yerba out.
Yes it is! Walmart sells large ones (Walmart's Ozark Trail brand) that are like 14 fluid ounces but don't come with a lid. This one is from Amazon and is 8 fluid ounces with lids that also fit the Walmart one. It was like $20 for a 2 pack. I'd link the Amazon one, but it is out of stock, so just search some combination of "8 ounce", "stainless steel", "vacuum insulated" and "wine glass". Edit: the interior is cylindrical instead of rounded like a real gourd or wine glass, but it still works perfectly well.
I didn't, I just guessed it would. I figured that worst case scenario is I have two small travel chips and can still use my big one at home.
Wasn't it shown multiple times that his program was massive and couldn't be easily copied? I'm guessing this would also prohibit multiple instances of his program running.
Which was it, $2200 or $100?
Brits like to shorten words and add -er to the end. It went from association to assoccer to soccer.
Just pour and drink, don't worry about time. By drinking, you're forcing the water through the highly broken leaf, extracting everything you need in seconds.
If only we had the chance to invite Heath Ledger and Christian Bale to an orgy...
It's just oxidizing. It won't harm anything other than the flavor. As for long term storage, I don't know how bad it can get but I wouldn't push it.
Another big guy with an undercut reporting in. When done right, they can elongate the face making you appear thinner. It needs to be pretty well maintained though, otherwise it just looks messy and unflattering. And pulling long enough to pull back can round out your face, so I wouldn't recommend it. Personally I go really short on the sides (2-to-skin fade, though lately I've just been going skin all the way to the top) and keep the top between 2-6 inches. As for other options, I'm also on the lookout for that right now. I've been able to pull off a nice retro side part (Mad Men style), as well as curtains (as seen on Brad Pitt in Fury), so those might work for you, too.
&gt; Range finding out at sniping distance entirely hinges on recognition of relative size and shape... Interesting. If I ever become a high profile target, I'm going to make sure everything around me is 10% out of scale.
Not kidding at all. Tequila is a mezcal. So tequila that isn't made in the Tequila Valley would just be a mezcal.
If I use real dairy, I prefer heavy cream. It is stronger in flavor than milk, so you definitely have to use less, but it's still pretty good with Earl Grey. I prefer it without sugar, but I prefer most things like that.
I've seen some performance art based on it. I think PornHub has a few versions.
From what I understand about Baum was that he wrote a few of the OZ books and then would just add another one to the series when he needed money. This was definitely the case with the last couple books, but I don't really know if he did that with the first one though.
Nails aren't bone. His are just keratin, everybody else's.
Never heard of that, but I'll have to check it out. By the way, one minute before you posted your comment, somebody else replied to my comment with "Something something hurr durr death of the author".
Don't hold your breath, the book is 118 years old and L Frank is about 45 years older.
My life is just one constant presque vu.
Fix your link by adding a back slash before the first end parenthesis.
It could still be only 30 cents, but how many companies are buying each person's data for 30¢ each? If 1000 companies bought my data from Zuck at that price, that's $300 he made from 30¢ of information. Multiply that by the 2 billion and you get a number a hell of a lot closer to Facebook's $408 billion worth.
Tell that to Zephram Cochran.
I haven't had the concentrate, but I've had other yaupon, mostly from the OP. Yaupon is pretty similar to yerba mate or guarana, if you've had either of those (all 3 are pretty closely related). Compared to yerba mate, yaupon is smoother and less bitter.
I've definitely seen that around the interwebs but can't remember where. I just did a Google search for "self clean yerba mate" and found a few results for Amazon and My Mate World.
Yeah, that's it. Guayasa. I haven't had guarana.
They choose their Basic name so that people don't constantly mispronounce the Shyriiwook version. A similar thing is seen where Chinese people choose an English name while staying in English speaking countries, nobody is going to pronounce Xiaoping correctly, but nobody will get Sue wrong.
I believe it's a natural strainer. It's dried so only the veins are left and is used as a strainer to pour through.
In the early years, Frank Castle retired like once a year. When shit hits the fan or it gets too close to home (which is a bit odd if you remember why he started), he gives it up and jumps state. It usually just so happens that he runs into trouble on the road and has to deal with it in the only way he knows and that gives him new inspiration to come back to New York and start over.
In my state, as long as it doesn't leave a mark after so many hours, paddlin's are fine. Dunno about other places though.
What about making a written alphabet/syllabary/set-of-visually-related-symbols that somewhat represent the sounds being made. Commanding fire has vertically wavy and branching symbols like flames, water could be horizontal waves, storms are lightning, etc.
Where did anybody mention your username? The same stuff gets commented anytime there's a post about slavery in the US.
How's the smoked green tea? I had some from India a long time ago and it was definitely interesting.
In 1835, that would've been nearly equivalent to £2000 today.
&gt; look to Daft Punk. Nobody knows who they are Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter. This isn't uncommon knowledge.
I'm going to say the Tolkein-verse, if only by technicality. You said that all of the Tarantino world exist in the same reality, but some of them are works that are fiction is his universe (characters from Pulp Fiction would go to the theaters to see Kill Bill, for example). Middle Earth is specifically modern earth, just really far in its past. Which means that any work of fiction in our universe takes place chronologically after Middle Earth. In other words, Tolkein's universe encompasses everything.
&gt;After a year had passed the King took to himself another wife. **She was a beautiful woman**, but proud and haughty, and she could not bear that anyone else should surpass her in beauty. She had a wonderful looking-glass, and when she stood in front of it and looked at herself in it, and said—- &gt;"Looking-glass, Looking-glass, on the wall, Who in this land is the fairest of all?" the looking-glass answered—- &gt;"**Thou, O Queen, art the fairest of all!**" &gt;Then she was satisfied, for she knew that **the looking-glass spoke the truth**. (Emphasis mine) Canonically, she is the prettiest in the whole land. Edit: that was from the second version of the tale in 1857. Here's the related quite from the original 1812 version which is even more clear on the subject: &gt;Now the queen was the most beautiful woman in all the land, and very proud of her beauty. She had a mirror, which she stood in front of every morning, and asked: &gt;Mirror, mirror, on the wall, Who in this land is fairest of all? &gt;And the mirror always said: &gt;You, my queen, are fairest of all. &gt;And then she knew for certain that no one in the world was more beautiful than she.
The Speedforce lets most of its users zone out with repetitive tasks. If Flash is running across the country along a highway, he doesn't fully register all of it, only if he's about to run into something. But if he does something that requires attention, he can speed up his brain to match. On the other hand, people like Quicksilver (from Marvel) experience everything in slow motion and can't zone out to effectively be at the pace of everyone else.
If that's the case, it should be "you ain't got no notifications" in my area.
Nope. American.
Anytime I say it I either get downvoted (on Reddit) or laughed at (in real life).
Why is honey like the only liquid sold by weight instead of volume? I can't think of anything else that is done that way.
I meant the original written version. These stories are as old as time and were ever changing until the brothers wrote them down (and even after since they rarely wrote the story the same way twice).
There are laws against advertising with stuff that isn't the product.
Wouldn't that argue for the opposite then? If I sell two types of honey at 12 fluid ounces, I can fill the bottle up to the same level every time. By selling them by the ounce, one bottle will be more full than the other.
Not really, but it feels like you're helping it along. The tea is going to diffuse its chemicals at a certain rate and the chances of the water being overly saturated with them to the point of preventing or slowing it any appreciable amount is unlikely.
And there's the real LPT.
It really depends on the community. They aren't opposed to technology if it improves their life without overly impacting it. Some do allow phones, where others don't because they fear it will make their group less close (e.g. nobody will come to the gatherings because they can talk over any distance).
And third and fourth chances, apparently.
Hey man, Sprite Mix is the shit!
Only if you get them without cheese.
OP's jiji?
No need for a bank. Go to a Coinstar and constantly shoot pennies into it.
No. I'm saying words can mean different things. Contronyms are the utmost examples of that.
What if I'm the kind of guy that's always late for everything?
That should be chocolate banana *protein* balls. They were adapted from peanut butter balls recipe, so I guess I got them mixed up. No recipe for this, but basically it's chocolate spread, banana soylent (Ketolent), almond milk and oats. [Saffron rice recipe](https://toriavey.com/toris-kitchen/saffron-rice/#wprm-recipe-container-48146) [Chicken and veggies, mostly.](https://www.chelseasmessyapron.com/one-pan-roasted-chicken-veggies/) didn't sprinkle the parmesan on top and used whatever veggies I had on hand; onion, potatoes, mushrooms, squash, broccoli and carrots. Edit: finished the balls, will divvy them out into a bag when I pack the lunch. [Picture](http://i.imgur.com/Y3QjCFu.jpg)
From GoYerbaMate: Pajarito Herbas Naturales (with mint, burrito and lemon verbena), La Rubia, Canarias, and K-Max (not shown, but finer yerba with vitamin C and coconut oil made for keurigs). From Lost Pines Yaupon: dark roast. From Amazon: Davidson's roasted yerba mate and a Taragui kit that included an awesome tin, 500g of Taragui yerba, branded leather wrapped glad mate and a bombilla. Already had some of the K-Max which is super smooth with a velvety mouthfeel. And just had some of the Pajarito Herbas Naturales, which is really refreshing.
From GoYerbaMate: Pajarito Herbas Naturales (with mint, burrito and lemon verbena), La Rubia, Canarias, and K-Max (not shown, but finer yerba with vitamin C and coconut oil made for keurigs). From Lost Pines Yaupon: dark roast. From Amazon: Davidson's roasted yerba mate and a Taragui kit that included an awesome tin, 500g of Taragui yerba, branded leather wrapped glad mate and a bombilla. Already had some of the K-Max which is super smooth with a velvety mouthfeel. And just had some of the Pajarito Herbas Naturales, which is really refreshing.
Quite a while. I drink a gourd-full (maybe 2oz/50g) about every other day. Quick math says this will last me about 5 months. The pajarito is definitely going to go first because it's so damn delicious. The roasted and yaupon is likely going to last the longest because the first isn't that great, and the second is pretty expensive (compared to the rest) so I'll probably save it for special occasions. I've also got about a total 500g of CBSé flavored yerbas that I've had for a while. They're good, but not something I want all the time.
It's hard not to.
Am I? Or is it just very subtle /r/nutscapes (NSFW)?
Not for a gourd, this is my first real one. I've also got a silicone one that is nice and easy to clean (just flip it inside out), and some double-wall steel wine glasses for travel. For a bombilla, I prefer the spoon type, but don't have a preference for any specific one. For yerba, I really like La Rubia and its intense smokiness, but it's probably not for beginners. Pajarito is somewhat smoky and pretty good, though some people report that it washes out pretty quick. Guayaki, which can be found in many supermarkets in the US, is a good beginner mate that isn't really smoky or overly bitter.
I've a question regarding Doylist responses, specifically when it involves Deadpool. I've seen a lot of comments basically saying there's no such thing a Doylism with Deadpool because of his hyper-sanity. I'm of the camp that Deadpool is batshit insane and it is all coincidence that he is correct. Unless things have changed (I'll admit that I'm not an avid reader of his stuff), this is also the in-universe explanation. Which is the correct version for this sub?
&gt;Half of the Universe: "**FUCK**" What about the other half?
Running joke or not, I'm going to drop this here: If you are in the United States see below. If you are elsewhere, check the sidebar of /r/suicidewatch for many other countries. [National Suicide Prevention Lifeline](http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/): 1-800-273-8255 (TALK) Veterans press 1 to reach specialised support. (The older number, 1-800-SUICIDE, is no longer published by the lifeline agency and will probably stop working in the near future.) Online Chat: http://chat.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/GetHelp/LifelineChat.aspx [Crisis Text Line](http://www.crisistextline.org/get-help-now/): Text "START" to 741-741 Youth-Specific services (voice/text/chat/email) from the Boys' Town National Hotline: http://www.yourlifeyourvoice.org/Pages/ways-to-get-help.aspx Spanish: 1-800-SUICIDA
High or low, or does it really make a difference?
That's kinda what I figured. Thanks
Most teas are leaves from the Camellia Sinensis plant that is infused in water. The difference between green tea and a black tea, for example, lies in how it's processed. Matcha is a tea that is grown in a specific way (shaded before picking) and ~~penises~~ processed into a green tea that gives it a grassy flavor and higher L-theanine content (L-theanine is a psychoactive chemical that increases energy and focus). The leaves are then picked and grind into a fine powder. Matcha is this powder. Instead of steeping the leaves in water and straining them out, you mix the powder in water to form a suspension and drink the whole thing. This gives you the bright green color and higher levels of caffeine and L-theanine than you normally get from normal tea. Fun fact: when tea was originally being drank in China, it was all ground into a powder and drank in this method. It wasn't until later that tea was infused and removed from the liquid.
...did you take a picture of a screen to upload for this post?
Nope. The mods are u/avsa, /u/LibraryLass, /u/oppositewerewolf, /u/garbagephoenix, and /u/mack2028. Billy Quizboy would use that as his username. Dunno what St Cloud would use. But none of the mods are as condescending and try to "outquiz" other redditors as much as either of them would.
Oh, I haven't caught the third season yet. I just thought they were examples from early episodes of season 1 when Michael shows the presentation and explains that good actions raise points and bad ones drop. Later on he goes through the book and gives examples like personalized license plates and blowing your nose while blocking the side with your finger.
All sizes, as long as they got buns, hun.
I haven't made it too far down [the list of heroes](http://hero.wikia.com/wiki/Category:Kamen_Rider_Heroes), but it appears that KR Decade is the only male wearing pink.
This sub is for in-universe questions, and in the Kamen Rider universe, this is the case. But to answer your question, there's [Cosmic Boy](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/0/0a/Cosmic_Boy_1.jpg/250px-Cosmic_Boy_1.jpg) who debuted in the 1950s, Hawkeye as seen elsewhere in this thread, [Batman wore pink](https://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11/116880/2996457-0586486966-6a00e554e5232c88340148c785f79c970c-550wi) at a time when Robin was injured and he needed to draw attention away from him, and [Gambit](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/614gMZ0DPTL._SY445_.jpg)'s color scheme goes back and forth between purple and pink (this example is his first appearance in 1990).
It isn't really a superpower, it comes from the genetic engineering that the Kryptonians specialized in. That's why they all look good and are pretty ripped and/or buxom (usually, occasionally they lose their muscle mass after being out of a yellow sun or under a red one for so long).
You could try using one of those bag filters that go over the end of the bombilla. Dunno what they're actually called though.
I read somewhere the main reason he lost is because this was a lookalike contest, meaning that it was for other people to look like him. By being himself, he effectively disqualified himself.
First, your opening statement is false. Tea defines both Camellia Sinensis and tisanes. Languages change and this is one example of that. But to get on to your question, teas flavored with stuff (lapsang or Earl Grey) are either flavored or scented teas. Teas mixed with stuff are blends.
If you've got a dishwasher, you could do a steam cycle without any detergent.
That was just an excuse for me to post it.
Or like you do when you're a newly broke celebrity with a horrible reputation and no hope of fixing it and somebody comes up saying I'll pay you a bunch of money to write a book about you but you can't say that I wrote it.
There are tons of innovations in teaware, but nothing that really improves on the simplicity of put leaves in water (look at the craziness of Teforia, for example). There are some that have come about in the past hundred years that have either completely changed how we make tea or has made it easier, such as gongfu, which really came about in the '70s, and even more recently is the Kamjove style of gravity steeper.
Can you please quit with this spam? The Meal Prep Sunday sub got the [same exact post](https://www.reddit.com/r/MealPrepSunday/comments/aa0yvg/should_i_buy_an_instant_pot_or_go_with_a_slow), word for word by a different user. This is just so the OP can link his or her blog with Amazon referral links to get free money.
2 main genres come to mind. Dieselpunk is normally set between the World Wars. Atompunk is based in late WW2 and just after. There are others, but they're less common. - Decopunk is a subset of dieselpunk, can but less gritty and more art deco. - Steelpunk is late 20th century, but focused less on computers and more on manufacturing, it falls a lot in with postapocalyptic stuff, like Mad Max. - Raypunk is about space operas, but technically it's between 1900 and now because it was usually based in the far distant future of the year 2000. - Cyberpunk and Genepunk is pushing the limits of the modern era and can easily be futuristic too, but a lot of the cyber stories keep an '80s and '90s aesthetic.
If you want to patch it, maybe do it with a bit of style. Check out /r/sashiko for inspiration, using Goretex and a water resistant thread (waxed cotton?).
I know it gets some haters, but I think it's pretty damn good. It's not mayonnaise, but I think it's just as good.
And those chips come out of a ripped bag and shuriken you to death. The candy bars will just pass right through you... I guess this may be a little bit silly, but I'd still watch it.
The yellow color is probably coming from the red peppers leaching some of their color into the brine. The other jar looks to be all green peppers, so it isn't going to leach the same. And the liquid on the lid is just evaporation and condensation. I'd have to say that it's likely just fine.
I've never heard of an airlock that needed to be pumped, but if that's how those work, then just stick with that. As long as you don't reintroduce any oxygen when you're pumping it out, it should be good.
What you are doing now is called mate cocido and, from what I understand, isn't an uncommon method of preparation in certain parts of South America. The traditional gourd and bombilla method is more for cheaper stuff sold by the kilo. If you get a blender tisane from a tea shop, for example, it's just too expensive to make that way.
Why's it called 90 second if it takes 4+ hours to make?
Got a picture or more info where I can find it? Sonic goes back to '93, so there's been quite a few times where Sonic has messed with a base that has Snively nearby.
Your article doesn't support your claim that milk is the most common food allergy. It says that 2-3% of children are allergic to it but 90% will outgrow it. Peanuts, on the other hand, affect around 4–8% of children and 1–2% of adults.
And don't confuse expiration dates with actual expiration.
I've seen a few other cars, but the majority has been Jeeps. Did a little Googling and Jeep makes Wranglers in right hand drive. It makes sense that if you're buying a car for mail delivery, you'll want RHD and coming pre-done is better than a custom job or import.
I wouldn't say *too* hard, but to do it good calls for doing again and again. "Continuous training forms abundant skill," or so it's said. Also using a word-similarity-glossary (dunno a good word for th*saurus) aids a lot.
I've encountered plenty, they were just pretty old junkers that had them removed either because they went dead or we needed elsewhere.
No. Bojack is a fringe case. He grew up with a horrible childhood, became famous but never had much luck since. He's been able to keep enough money for parties and a nice house, but never really did anything famous after. He's also a drug and alcohol addict and goes into major depressive states, but seems to be able to come out of them. We see many other Hollywoo types with much different lives, from Mr Peanutbutter who became famous at the same time but kept it up and had a good life, and Sarah Lynn who became famous at a young age but turned to hard drugs and ended up ruining her life. And we see pretty much everything else in between.
Is this size dependent? I would guess that smaller fish need less oxygen, so the amount they can move with their mouth would be enough, but a larger fish requires much more oxygen than could be acquired through more movement alone.
Come on, you don't need to make this about OP!
I should start by saying that I'm not religious or easily offended. It's way too easy to offend people, and if you change anything about a religion, somebody's gonna get upset no matter what. So I wouldn't actually be overly concerned about offending people. As long as you are respectful to the group you are modifying, chances are most people aren't going to get too upset. Look into whatever religion you want and find out its core beliefs and emphasize that. You mentioned Islam being a religion of peace. Take Sikhs being "saint-soldiers" and defending those who are oppressed and turn that into a religious order offering either asylum for others and/or mercs with strong morals. Or go with a specific sect of Christianity and focus on what makes that different than the others (Jehovah's Witnesses and their strong focus on community and proselytizing).
Less, but I don't know how much. It isn't like you can oversteep while cold (or room temperature) brewing.
Wasn't that also the last Tom and Jerry cartoon?
It's weird, the one time they do fight, neither of them use their lightning offensively. As for any run off the mill nonstandard lightning, it may transform Captain Marvel and it may not. Sadly, this is not standard across the board for him. He's shrugged off lightning from people, but he's also been transformed by getting hit by Johnny Thunder's lighting. So, to sum it up, I give this a definite maybe.
https://i.imgur.com/u4rBwhG.jpg
What this article doesn't say is that it is 20 seconds **plus or minus 13 seconds**. That is such a massive gap that it pretty much makes no sense to give a set number to it.
That's not on Netflix.
I change it to 5 from 10 and it goes back to 10 by the next workout. But I just finished my workout about an hour ago and checked just now. It's still set at 5 for now.
They have crossovers fairly often. Hell, there's [a character](https://dc.fandom.com/wiki/Axel_Asher_(Marvel_Universe\)) that they share whose whole job is to keep the two universe separate.
I skimmed through the article and could only find where they said this isn't true. Can you quote the part that says it is illegal? But this might actually be true, kinda. Most of those sites that list weird laws, when not outright just making shit up, are either taking a simple law and and taking it to the absurd (e.g. a law stating you have to clean up your animal's excrement transforms into you your elephant can't poop on public property), or taking a case and misinterpreting it (e.g. a case of a guy running into a restaurant and eating others people food, arrested for trespass and theft, being turned into a "law" that you can't bite somebody else's burger).
"Without any other damage." Do you not consider a hole in the head as damage?
No. The folk story is just a folk story.
All Pokemon evolved from a common ancestor, either Mew or a closely related proto-pokemon. There are a few exceptions, such as ones that appear to be man-made like porygon. Humans are from a separate tree of life, along with regular animals, plants, fungi and bacteria. There may have been a common ancestor between Pokemon, humans and all other life, but that is so far back that it really doesn't matter.
White tea has just as much, or more, caffeine as any other tea. It comes from the same plant, so it has the same stuff in it, but being young buds, it has a higher concentration of those natural chemicals.
Looks like a blooming tea. Those tend to have air trapped in them and may take a little bit before they sink.
Not in this world, but in the MCU a peak human apparently can keep up with traffic.
Seeing as this is a UK source, they are almost definitely referring to the staple grain of the area as corn. That's basically what the term originally meant and, as far as I'm aware, England still used that term in that manner. American corn is called maize elsewhere.
In my opinion, this sub is a spot for brain training, so anything that pops into your mind is fair play as long as it contains no fifthglyphs.
There are 3 parts to the reason why it typically doesn't spoil. First, it has a low percentage of water, roughly 17%. Any bacteria or fungi that tries to grow on it will lose water to the honey and become dehydrated and die. Second is how the water is bound up in the honey, known as it's water activity. Basically, the water is bound to the other stuff in honey and isn't very usable by any bacteria or fungi. (To be honest, I don't know too much about water activity, so somebody might be able to explain it better.) Third is that it is acidic. Acidity runs on a scale of 0-14, with 0 being very acidic, 7 neutral and 14 very alkaline. The more acidic or alkaline something is, the less likely it is to be able to support life on it. Honey tends to run around a 4. But honey left unsealed in a humid environment can and will go bad. It can absorb water from the air, making it more hospitable to bacteria and fungi.
He's also got a grown up version of Reading Rainbow on podcast called LeVar Burton Reads. It's really quite good.
It's not hard to workout without fifthglyphs, just follow World Vigor's instructions: "[Lift things up and put it down](https://youtu.be/q7gzmoqmL7g)." (Caution: link contains original wording with fifthglyphs)
The titmouse, or nipple mouse, isn't really a ball, nor is it a characteristic solely to IBM. HP always had blue or grey ones, for example.
Most of the Elitebooks have them, along with the ZBooks and some ProBook models. Each company calls them different things, so searching for "HP Pointstick" should give you results. Dell has the Trackstick on their Latitudes and Precisions. Even Sony has a pointing stick on the wireless keyboard for the PS3. Also there's a Wikipedia page for [Pointing Sticks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pointing_stick) with a chart listing brands, name, current and past models, and the usual color for them.
So, just put in 80 grams of tea and start brewing it up. This pot will get you tea drunk in no time!
That too, but I meant the lack of extra cancer.
Not if you're doing it gongfu, then it's roughly 2g per 25ml.
I've got a long ways to go...
&gt;Further, the old school reasoning for Vampires not having a reflection is that mirrors used silver as the reflective surface. It's very possible a vampire would reflect in a modern mirror just fine! That myth came about long before silver backed mirrors were a thing. They don't have reflections because Ol' Nick took them as part of his deal.
&gt;Martian Manhunter could stop him telepathically, or at least slow him down long enough for other heavy hitters to intervene. Or just outright stop him. MM is usually just as strong as, if not stronger than, Supes.
This isn't a joke. [It's a really good way to make Japanese greens.](https://www.hibiki-an.com/sp/product_info.php/products_id/374)
His workshop is filled with mirrors that the reflections live in, building the toys.
Except he does it all the time.
Might be worth trying to find a shipping company in a country that does sell them and see if they take the delivery and ship it out to you. Or possibly check out a local sub for a generous person to get one and ship it up.
Off to Google I go then!
Travel to the far off future and future!Google attacks using time travel. Record results. Go back to some time prior to each event and tactically remove the offender from the timeline. Rinse and repeat.
63 - There are 6 bits (the binary equivalent of a digit) and each subsequent one to the left is double the one on the right. It reads out as: 32 16 8 4 2 1 If the bit is a 1, you add that number to the other 1s. So 1 1 1 1 1 1 is 32+16+8+4+2+1=63 If you were to add another 1 to it, the rest would flip to 0 and a 7th bit would change to one. That bit is worth 64 (which is 32 times 2). So to cheat, you can just take that invisible 7th bit and subtract one to get 64 or 111111 in binary.
It's a neat product, but overpriced and likely dropshipped. https://m.ali express.com/wholesale/Gorilla+grip.html?channel=direct&amp;keywords=Gorilla+grip
According to both the movies and the director, he's still only peak human.
Being a scientist at Black Mesa, you likely already know this, but it doesn't hurt to repeat it. Every material has what is known as a resonant frequency, actual multiple of them. Whenever it is vibrated at one of those frequencies, the material vibrates in time. This creates a feedback loop in which the vibration increases and builds upon itself. Some materials, such as metal, will start to hum, getting louder. Some materials aren't flexible enough to continually vibrate, such as glass, and will shatter. Other materials, such as human tissue, make people very excited (there's a subreddit named "resonant frequency" to explain more, but it's pretty NSFW). All of these materials will stop their vibrations once the input force is no longer applied. This crystal that you placed in the antimaspectrometer doesn't exhibit the same characteristics of all other known materials, i.e. it continues to vibrate until another outside force is applied to make it stop. It also has a very specific resonant frequency which perfectly matches the beam from the antimaspectrometer, an unknown to us. By scanning it, it hit that perfect frequency and continued to build upon itself indefinitely. This is what is known as a resonant cascade. It continued with this until it broke through the dimensional barriers, creating rogue wormholes connecting to separate places, times and possibly universes.
&gt;That's what it means in the comics, but the term has not been explained that way in the MCU. It is defined in the MCU as [the pinnacle of human physical potential](https://i.imgur.com/njIqrTU.png), not past human potential, but the peak of it.
What is it you want to finish it with? (You can dash "-" any fifthglyphs.) Locals to this sub can probably aid you with synonyms.
I wouldn't mind getting behind Saint Faustina...
Fairly certain that isn't possible. There's only one set of stones in the universe and even if you brought another universe's stones over, they wouldn't work.
They were the only stones in 2023. By going back and taking them from the past, there were no stones in the meantime until they reappeared in 2023.
Prison pocket
Most likely, but she was the first female saint that I thought of.
Depends on the Punisher, he's been ultra-hardcore and killed for very little, and he's gone soft at times, only focusing on mafiosos. But generally speaking, he's not going to kill over white collar, victimless or nonviolent crimes. Once you put other people's lives in danger, you should expect that your life is in danger if you happen to run into him.
Look for a CTC Assam. It's not whole leaf, but is instead small pieces of leaves rolled into tiny balls. Still better quality than ~~transfer~~ teabags and is designed to brew quick and strong and handle milk.
I don't think I've found a tea that I didn't like grandpa style. Some greens might do better with lower temps, but others like dragonwell (the quintessential green for grandpa style) can easily work with boiling temps. Sticky rice puerh is really nice because you get a thick, savory tea all day, though it may make you crave Asian food (not that that's a bad thing). Most raw puerhs can work, though astringency can be a concern for young ones. And Yunnan blacks have nice malty notes that compliment grandpa style.
I normally deal with a lot of people on a normal workday, like in the thousands, but not too many people seem notice or comment. I will occasionally see people who notice them and immediately look away or something, but they never say anything bad. The majority of comments I get is from younger women (20-35 years old, roughly), and it's almost always a compliment, maybe a little conversation about color, and in rare occasions some flirting. The next biggest group that seems to comment are from guys typically outside the societal norms: other male polishers, punks, metalheads, etc. And once again, it's almost all compliments, a few "I'd be too scared to do that"s and, again, the occasional flirting. I do have one coworker who likes to bust my chops and make negative comment. And of course, I've always got something smart to say back. Edit to add: I'm 6', 300# and bearded. I tend to be a bit intimidating, even when not meaning to, but I think the fact that I use brighter colors, holos and sparkles seems to make me a bit more approachable.
Are you trying to say that heroin isn't dangerous? Because you literally just go on to say that it is endangering people. As for the white collar crime of rolling blackouts killing people, that also falls under endangering people and therefore *is* the same as murder to most versions of Frank.
Did you wash the teaware before using it?
I've never been a fan of cold brewing flavored teas. The flavorings seem to dissolve into the water much more than the leaves do, making it just taste like flavoring.
Why would you want to draw attention *away* from your crotch? I've put brightly colored and sashiko codpieces into all of my pants.
&gt; ATA is A T A not atta. Of course not! It's eight-uh.
This is /r/pornfree, not /r/nofap.
Of course they can, they just gotta turn back into their human or wolf form first.
That's actually a good question, but one that you sadly won't get a good answer for. Some of those base them off of the myth that green tea has less caffeine than black. Some may do an actual caffeine content of the leaves, and others may do the caffeine content of a cup brewed at the recommended amount.
If they're anything like regular scorpions, you could drop some alcohol on its back and get it to sting itself to death. I mean, this isn't true, but it might be worth trying.
Do you want zombie pirates, because that's how you get zombie pirates.
I know absolutely nothing about the gameplay, but that made me want 2 copies.
There isn't anything in canon that I know of that specifies in full detail which parts refer to what information, but we do know that the full name refers to a lot of information. &gt;Cassian had killed K-2SO (whose true designation was far longer and far grander, rich with meaning and history that described his factory of origin, the date and time of his initialization, and more) and brought him back both smaller and larger than he had been. From the "Rogue One" official novelization by Alexander Freed, Chapter 19
I'm pretty sure this happened on more than one episode of Star Trek. Specifically in TOS, there was a generational ship that was either built out of an asteroid or designed to look like an asteroid. The ship was in space so long that the descendents forgot it was a ship and thought they lived on a wandering planet.
I'm confused. I'm also not at the point where I'm looking for a house, so I haven't looked into this. But, are you saying that me being a single person, would be unable to get a mortgage because I only have one income?
So, the youzh?
Makes sense to me. Froot Loops is favoured with citrus. Earl grey is flavored with bergamot, a citrus fruit. If you really want to up the Froot Loops flavor; chill it, add a touch of vanilla, sugar and milk to make an iced London fog. It tastes just like drinking the milk after a bowl of the cereal.
It wouldn't open. Pokeballs are designed to work on pokémon and won't activate on anything else unless it is defective.
Ummm... Too much pokémon material not it confused the machine?
But from your wife or the side piece?
Wrong sub.
You *shouldn't* run into any copyright issues unless you try to make money off of it. And if you do try making money from it, whether or not you used the chevrons, you called it a Jason mask and are therefore most likely in violation of copyright. (Then again, not a lawyer, just somebody who's looked into this kinda stuff a while back.)
Of course a dog could become CEO of a company, there's actually a [precedent](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bailey%27s_Billion$).
Woah there, what kind of changes were made? And where else can I watch it?
I did some Googling after making that comment and it appears the biggest gripes is that they changed the translation to fit better with the original Japanese. Other gripes seemed to include a change of voice cast and licensing issues for the end theme. Honestly from what I've read, it doesn't sound like that big of a deal to me.
What about the Great Kobuk sand dunes in Alaska? They're much further north than Athabasca.
I would like to introduce you to the [Total Perspective Vortex](https://hitchhikers.fandom.com/wiki/Total_Perspective_Vortex).
Lots of people run puppy mills, that doesn't make everyone suck. I've known a few Amish and for the most part, they are pretty cool people.
Got some sauce for that? I can't find anything legitimate saying that the Amish are more likely to run mills than any other group of people.
She said it's heavy and he says that she is fighting the energy flowing through the crystal. The way he explains it, it sounds like it isn't actual weight but a reinterpretation of the old gyroscopic force explanation of the crystal and plasma.
Are you trying to say that his name wasn't really Tojo Hideki?
Only if his parents knew how to pronounce it. Apparently they did not.
Not in my potions they aren't!
&gt; Maps still doesn't have things like police spots and other alerts. It does at least since March. That was the first time I noticed a speed trap come up on my phone while navigating.
The year 0 CE did not exist. It went from 1 BCE to 1 CE. Also 1 CE is only when people believed that Jesus was born. Historical proof suggests he was born after that date.
The book and its sequels are also really great. Dunno about the movie sequels though.
The power rings are a power source created by Nate Morgan prior to the Great War. Basically, they siphoned some of the near(?) limitless energy of the chaos emeralds into a compact form. There was a factory that could produce them without needing upkeep, but after Nate became disillusioned with himself and his invention, it got buried under a lake. Occasionally one would free itself and rise to the top of the lake, which is where Sonic and co. got most of their rings. Also there's some dimensional shenanigans that can be created when many of them are around, as well as occurring naturally, that helped spread them throughout Mobius. At least that's how it used to be. Eggman messed with the timeline and borked *everything* up. Now there is next to nothing known about them.
Except for the lifeforms that aren't pokémon, such as trees and dogs and bugs and catfish and *humans*.
&gt; I may be wrong, but isn't the only difference between low and high being how long it takes to reach the same temp? That depends on the slow cooker in question. Some go to the same temperature at different rates and others have different max temperatures. Crock-Pot brand is in the former category.
Have you considered cleaning your shoes more often?
I don't know what this has to do with meal prep Sunday, but the sub is cool.
That's just my grandpa. He usually mutters some kind of slur when doing it too.
It wouldn't surprise me if it was just petroleum jelly.
/r/WeirdFriends might like this too
It's neat for the first couple days, then it just sucks. I couldn't sleep very much, and when I did, it was very restless. Didn't help that my hotel room faced the sun at its lowest point, and they didn't even have blackout curtains.
The FCC has no authority to regulate cable channels, only broadcast channels. Since CC is only on cable, it was up to themselves to decide what to air. That's also why they could get away with other uncensored stuff (I remember a comedian asking women to flash him and they showed that too). Most other channels still followed mostly along FCC regulations, but not all channels.
I was always trained to stop the threat. It just so happens that killing the threat is the most definite way to stop it.
Only if you have at least 99 alts.
You gonna share or what? /r/Old_Recipes would love it.
Many ovens don't have much heat going through that drawer and it is just for storage now.
If I'm not mistaken, those types of buttons are riveted on. You might be able to get small enough [fabric/leather rivets](https://chriswdesigns.typepad.com/.a/6a0147e1dbad71970b014e86dd2624970d-popup) that'll fit in the hole of the button and hammer it from the backside. Or maybe a [metal style rivet](https://images.homedepot-static.com/productImages/7a5386fc-53a1-431a-972e-c1c283feef0a/svn/tekton-rivet-tools-6555-44_1000.jpg) that uses a rivet gun. Either way, make sure you put a patch around the hole to reinforce it before you go reattaching the button.
What about the cologne?
Look at our community laws, mainly #2, in that bar to your right.
How long does it run? I was done after 60 seconds.
Stop fixing them? But there's a hole on the left leg!
Five hundred twenty-five thousand six hundred minutes Five hundred twenty-five thousand moments so dear Five hundred twenty-five thousand six hundred minutes How do you measure, measure a year?
LucasFilm specifically owns that word when it refers to a wireless communication device, something that they never cheated or included in their movies. Sounds to me like it was just a cash grabbing thing so they could license it out.
The big thing with organic is that it either uses no pesticides and fertilizers or, more often, only naturally produced pesticides and fertilizers. This means that the yield is usually lower than commercially produced vegetables. A lower yield means a higher price, so that's part of where the added cost comes in. The nutritional value of an organic piece of produce and a normal one are effectively the same, so you aren't really getting anything special out of it that way.
Dropshipped. Here's the Voldy one for less than than a third of the "sale" price, and about a sixth of the "normal" price. Just replace the "---" with "ali" in the link: https://www.---express.com/item/4000175325942.html You can easily find the rest for that price or less just by doing a reverse image search.
That is a *wonderful* color!
&gt;I believe they can control what they look like. That also feels explain why Annie appeared younger and healthy instead of like [this abomination](https://www.thewrap.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/ROTJ_anakin_unmasked.jpg).
He cannot. While he has been seen to [manipulate Cap's shield](https://i.stack.imgur.com/02KIJ.jpg), which is an alloy including vibranium, [he was not only unable to manipulate Black Panther's vibranium weave suit, but it even blocked him from manipulating the iron in BP's blood](https://i.stack.imgur.com/zhYpf.jpg).
Porn was the second thing. [Cat videos were the first.](https://youtu.be/k52pLvVmmkU)
To add to what others have said, leaving the tea in with the leaves will cause it to continue steeping, potentially making it bitter. But if the leaves are pressed, there's less water flow around them, so it should slow the steeping process. Try it and see if it gets too bitter between your cups, it might slow it enough for you to not notice too much.
The absorption is closer to coffee than tea. First, yerba has more caffeine than tea and is closer to coffee. Second, tea has L-theanine in it, which effectively slows down the rush from caffeine. Neither yerba mate nor coffee have L-theanine.
Try it as a builder's tea, i.e. brewed strong with plenty of sugar and milk/cream/substitute. It's one of my guiltea pleasures.
It's not currently in Netflix, but I was just reading that Cats will almost definitely be on the platform after theaters.
I've got the all black Made for the Makers authentics for work since I need totally black shoes. Outside of work, I wear a pair of the black and white authentics ultracush. And for the gym I have an old pair of black and white lite authentics. I guess you could say that I have a type.
Both will produce different results. Try both of them and see which one you like better.
I normally cold brew overnight, about 8 hours. You can't really over do it, just under, so anywhere around 6+ hours should be fine.
Searing is always better, but never truly necessary. I'm honestly not sure if you need to add any extra liquids, but I would guess no. It's been a long while since I made a deer roast, so I'm not the best person to answer. I would guess 8 hours on low should be fine. If you can, check it at 7 and if it's still tough, turn it up to high for the last hour.
Well, hell... I'm currently in Colorado for work, but I'm closer to Aspen and there's no way I'd be able to go that ~150 mile drive to see them.
It's commonly said that human tastes like veal, so you should compare it to that. In this case, it's fairly close. One kg of veal is only 400 calories more than an equivalent amount of human meat.
Huh, interesting. I always heard that it was a white meat.
Right?! How dare governments fund themselves!
We need an /r/WordsToLiveBy... Edit: it apparently does exist, but has a whole 5 posts.
That means 2 days worth of peace at the office. I'm game.
Many companies have colors trademarked, but only for specific use. That means that I can't make a phone (to be competition to T-Mobile) and use that color in the marketing. What I can do though is start a fast food restaurant and use that exact shade of magenta, assuming the parent company doesn't also own restaurants.
Basically speaking, the difference between caramel and butterscotch is changing the white to brown sugar. As for making actual caramel/butterscotch, it involves butter and cream. Recipes vary, but the standard is to melt and caramelize the chosen sugar with a little water and then whisk in the melted butter and cream. I honestly haven't had any luck making it, but I've only tried once.
He has, on more than one occasion. He tends to stay around New York and the US in general, but old war buddies or trouble during vacations has led him to target dictators and other people in power. Unfortunately, it usually leads to a power vacuum and it gets worse.
There's also master baiting.
I've always wanted to do a brussels kraut. Let me know how your ferment turns out!
No, I'm pretty sure scorpionteeth had it right the first time...
According to your title, he was both kicked out, and not kicked out but chose to leave.
Since that specific clan decided that was their rule. Other groups don't have that rule, as you have seen.
You also need to make one half of this size as a doghouse, then build one at half of full scale on a trailer as a tiny home on wheels. Now you can have the same house in 4 sizes and line them up.
&gt; anyone like to tell me why I'm being downvoted for providing further information? You're being downvoted because it isn't correct. The first modern police force wasn't in America in 1838, [it was in London in 1829](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Police#Metropolitan_police_force). It was not created by corporations to keep an orderly workforce, it was created for the protection of people and to be a visible deterrent to crime. And that is just what's considered the *modern* police force. Prior to that, you had the Paris police force created in 1667. And there was the Holy Brotherhood that was adapted to be the national police force in Aragon (a kingdom in modern day Spain) in 1479. Hell, police forces have been around since ancient China with their prefects enforcing laws.
While looking up the blasters on AT-STs and TIE fighters, I found out there was a canon novel (Lord of the Sith?) where Vader deflects shots from freighters, though it pushes him back. I would guess that freighters have at least the same power as the others, likely more since it actually moves him.
/u/NetworkForNetworth is not a mod here.
The scope isn't parallel to the barrel, instead it sits at a slight angle compared to it. If you were to draw a straight line from each, they would cross at a distance, this is where the scope is most accurate. Before that point, the bullet would hit slightly lower and after it would hit slightly higher. At least that is how it would work if you ignore gravity. In actually, the line coming from the barrel would be arced. The bullet would rise so far and then drop due to gravity. The scope line would cross the arc at two points, where it would be most accurate.
The US pre-Genesis Wave version is different. It's basically concentrated chaos energy and is a natural byproduct of the emeralds. They were later reproduced by Overlander Nate Morgan as a clean energy source to protect the environment. I actually don't know the story behind them post-GW. So much was changed during that event.
It only makes sense. You have two days of the weekend. Saturday is the finishing end of the week, and Sunday is the beginning end.
Upvote current stuff more so it goes to the top? I mean, that's pretty much all we can do.
I'm a fan of the [glass armonica](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glass_harmonica).
&gt; dan bilzerian. I hate to have to repeat myself but...
Not each country. The plug that you use in the US also is the same as used in Canada, Mexico, and is very similar to the one in China\*, among other countries. Most of the EU countries use the same plug, with minor variations such as distance between the prongs, except Britain uses a bastard of a plug (very safe, but very ugly and big). \*The Chinese plug typically doesn't have a hole in the prongs (for retention), and both prongs of an ungrounded plug are normally the same size (the US has one slightly larger for polarity, though not always).
This is a good TIL, but it'll get taken down for being an anecdote. You should delete this and repost something like "TIL the city of West Berlin was an enclave (fully surrounded by East Germany). Instead of the Berlin Wall being a straight border between East and West Berlin, it circled West Berlin."
I would say rarely, it happens once out of every 1500 days. (Technically 1506 days, but 1500 is a nice, round number.)
Yes. All of those rarely happen.
Jin jun mei is very similar to unsmoked lapsang. It's small leaf and processed the same as lapsang and is from the same area, sometimes even the same trees.
Up next is the grand finale of the Texas State Babythlon, only on ESPN 8, /r/TheOcho!
That sounds pretty good
I'm pretty sure it was the owner of Segway that died that way. It wasn't the inventor, but the guy that bought the company from the inventor.
It'll get lodged elsewhere. Most bullets are very soft, usually lead with a copper jacket. This means that it'll deform when it hits something instead of bouncing off of it like a less malleable object would.
Likely named after [Human coronavirus 229E](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_coronavirus_229E), one of the viruses that causes the cold.
It appears to be a mystical symbol, possibly the symbol of the Great Protoon, the source of all energy. And it is seen all around his world. When he is granted powers, the Lums flow into the O on his chest and it flashes. At one point, he says he can feel the energy inside him growing from that. Later on, energy emits from it to open the portal to Polokus' dream world. (Info paraphrased from: https://raymanpc.com/wiki/en/Rayman%27s_symbol)
You can! Wikipedia provides the IPA (international phonetic alphabet) translation of many foreign words and places. In this case, it is "ɔɕˈfjɛɲtɕim". Pretty easy to understand now, huh? In all seriousness, they also give audio of it being pronounced. Combining the two, I'm hearing something along the lines of "osh-fee-ench-im," with the "ench" being like inch with an e, and the "im" like the end of "him."
I'm a little disappointed in Reddit. It's been 30 minutes without any good ones.
First Chipmunk
&gt; It then goes on to say that the original Dog Welder went to the “Dogwelder afterlife”. This contradicts a previous statement ... that the original Dogwelder was sent to hell for welding dogs to people. Maybe the Dogwelder afterlife is just hell?
Most probably. Difficulty in finding pangrams sits mostly on finding short forms using hardly any additional glyphs. To find a saying with many glyphs but that fifthglyph shouldn't spawn any major conundrums. Alas, I was unfit to find a way to word this in a pangrammic way...
Or, ya know, you could just try talking/writing without fifthglyphs, using similar but compliant words.
I have an *extreme* fear of heights, but I went up it last summer when I was passing by. I figured that I'll likely never be in that area again. Anywho, the elevator didn't bother me, actually found it kinda cool, but the top freaked me the fuck out. I was able to lean over to look out the window for about 15 seconds, took a few pictures and took the next elevator down.
I believe [this](https://youtu.be/Xiu62ETFlyk) confirms otherwise.
Just watch Spiderman fight. He isn't trained in any particular martial art, but his precognition, speed and extreme strength has formed into an improvised art.
Exactly what I meant. His style isn't a classical martial art, but something based off of his particular skillset.
A mullet is a mullet wherever you are.
Those aren't guns. [This is a gun.](https://i.redd.it/yby4ckscxpn21.png)
While too young to have seen either of them when they were new, I have seen quite a few Happy Days episodes and one or two of Mork &amp; Mindy. I thought I'd like Mork because of Robin Williams, but for some reason I just didn't care for it.
I don't know if it is ever outwardly stated, but it is implied that some do since Harry's parents' tombstone has a Bible verse on it.
The casing of the round had a rim around the bottom. There's a lever called the extractor that has a notch that clips onto the rim. When the round fires, the explosion pushes the bolt backwards. The extractor pulls the now empty casing back. At the back end, there's a piece of metal called the ejector that the casing hits that forces the casing out of the action and away from the gun. [Here's a .gif showing the action in a handgun, but it is basically the same in most guns.](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/683720_6c06f1da7c3f496e862d5cf1244666c3~mv2.gif)
Wrong sub
Can somebody ELI5 clear and present danger, and imminent lawless action?
The only PB&amp;J that I can eat are those Uncrustables, and they have to be frozen. I'm not a fan of peanut butter or jelly and can't stand them together, but for some reason frozen ones are pretty decent. I've maybe had 2 real PB&amp;J sandwiches in my life, but many Uncrustables.
The rinses in this case is because it is compressed, rather than aged. It needs time to loosen up. You could get by with 1 rinse, but it'll probably be weak steeps the first couple times.
&gt; Raw, medium or well done? Like that's a question that needs asked. Raw.
You're welcome
Now imagine doing that for 11 more years and you'll reach the average.
&gt;Condensed milk (both regular and sweetened are the milks) Condensed milk *is* sweetened. You're not going to find unsweetened condensed milk. Evaporated milk is what you referred to as "regular."
I'm exactly the same as you. If I'm grilling steaks, mine doesn't cook longer than about 60 seconds per side. But burgers have to be cooked all the way through for me.
I haven't tried Uruguay style. I do have a bag of Canarias, but haven't opened it yet. For the coarse cut style, I bury my bombilla. I'll either do it how you've shown buried, or by putting it straight down through the mountain and hugging the side of my mate (like your free style, but going through the mountain instead of the well).
I have two thoughts about this. First, if she was unaware of it, then it really wasn't "simulated," but an actual assault and should have been charged as such. But shouldn't she have known about that scene from the script?
Mocha comes from the port that it was commonly shipped from in Yemen. That port is called Mocha or Al-Makha, though that is just using our alphabet. In Arabic, it is spelled المخا‎. The transliteration was mainly just using similar enough spelling, likely by following a specific method of converting Arabic to Latin alphabet. That said, the digraph "ch" is pronounced differently depending on where it came from. In Italian, for example, it makes a hard "k" sound instead of the "ch" sound in English "church." In some languages, it can make a more "sh" sound, such as certain dialects of Spanish. English is an amalgamation of many languages, and usually follows, or approximates, pronunciation of the originating language. So "ch" words that would come from Italian would make a "k" sound. And words from Spanish would have a more "ch" sound. And so on.
Oh shite, I forgot about that sub. Browsing by new makes me miss most of the posts. Guess I'm starting today then.
[Hail King Arthur!](https://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/933dc124-f663-4950-8140-777788ebbff2)
Have you ever froze one? They're even better that way, though you might chip a tooth on it.
I'll gladly take some that tea off your hands.
Probably not the best time to release this app...
Where's the review?
What are the Kardashians up to these days?
There are falcons in Star Wars. The Millennium Falcon was named after the bat falcon, but there are other birds of prey known as falcons throughout that universe.
&gt;Isn't it America's first flag? It was never a flag of the United States of America. It was a battle flag used by a group of states that attempted to leave the US. A big reason they attempted to leave was so they could keep using slaves since America was on its way to getting rid of that. People claim that the flag being shown (150 years) after the South had lost is racist because it was a flag flown while fighting for the right to own people. Other people claim that it represents their southern heritage or that the south never fought for systemic racism but for other reasons.
You've already wasted 3 hours on that show not enjoying it. Why keep it up?
No, you can't just enter willy-nilly. That isn't your home, but somebody else's and their expectations of privacy and safety take control. That doesn't mean you cannot enter for an inspection or repair work though. To do those, you'll legally have to inform the tenant that you'll be entering on a certain date for that reason. Since that is an assumed right believed by the tenant, then you'll have permission to enter on that date.
I do almost everything with my right hand, but if I square to to fight, I go lefty. I can also shoot fairly equally left or right, though my left tends to be just slightly better.
Guns. Handguns specifically. I don't think I've ever tried longguns lefty. And I sure as shit can't shoot hoops at all.
Where does your source talk about parsley?
In reference to the lights themselves; dim, flickering tungsten lights that constantly tink when they flash off.
&gt; By using poems and writings of the time, linguistics determined that Roman Latin did not have the hard V sound. So *Veni, vidi, vici* was more like *Weni, widi, wici*. Also "c" was only a hard sound instead of the "ch" digraph, and "i" was pronounced as a long "ē," so it is pronounced "wenē, wēdē, wēkē."
Without more information, yes. He is profiling a species without any proof (that I know of) for focusing on them.
Bryan Mills from Taken.
Gyokuro brewed using the ice method.
&gt;Yeah... I'm gonna need a source on that because it sounds like bs. If it was true, there's be *a lot* more bald men.
&gt; I’ll look more into the ET thing. There's two connections between ET and SW. In his movie, ET recognizes Yoda by name. In SW Episode 1, there are aliens in the Senate that look like ET's species.
Where does your source say anything from your title? There's no mention of the equilibrium strategy or Nash.
Nice! I've been hunting for a good nude polish for myself. Most turn out too pink for me. And I've had the opposite situation of you. I normally don't paint my toes since nobody sees them since I hate my feet and am always wearing socks and shoes. This spring I decided I'm gonna wear sandals more, but my toenails aren't in great shape (I've tried everything I can think of to help and nothing has worked), so I started painting them. I finally settled on Essie's appropriately named Topless &amp; Barefoot as that's the closest to natural color for me.
That's because tomatoes are also vegetables. Being one does not rule out being the other. Vegetable is defined as "a plant, or part of a plant, used as food." Fruit is "the seed-bearing structure in flowering plants formed from the ovary after flowering." That means all edible fruits are vegetables, and stuff like peppers and cucumbers are fruits.
There's an episode of the Ghost Stories anime involving a ghost website that sucks people in. It's the focus of the episode, so that part should be mostly the same for both the sub and dub versions
You should only switch if you have chosen wrongly the first time, otherwise you'll lose.
Two options here. You could go and pick yourself in a secure room, something like a cellar with a reinforced door or a big metal cage (you can convince the welder that it's a kink thing). Or you could go somewhere very remote where you're unlikely to find people and drag some meat in a large circle, then go in the middle of that circle to turn. This second way you won't be caged and will hunt, but you'll get stuck circling all night for the prey. (Both answers come from Being Human, I believe the UK version but US might also have it. Both after worth watching.)
Yeah, flip you Kyle!
&gt;Firefly takes place in the same universe as Buffy and Angel. Got some sauce on that?
This is like the perfect crust for it. Tough enough to stand up to the filing without being too thick or doughy.
Ever since reading The Outsiders, I've decided that chocolate cake is the best breakfast. Haters be damned.
I could see these going well with a good sauce even though that's fighting words to some.
What's a YTP?
And you hear it there? I'm from the Midwest, born and raised, but have traveled a fair bit and never heard it.
Yes, in Jurassic Park, they do move in herds.
Not at all. It's just a way to charge the jaywalkers to deter them from doing it. There's gonna be other relevant laws for hitting a pedestrian with a vehicle.
Which is?
And after that, the Emu Coalition enacted laws to prevent them having to slaughter more humans.
It's more of a standard coffeeshop now, even becoming analogous to the "basic bitch." It started as a more hipster place, but now pretty much anyone will shop there. The coffee isn't great, but it's drinkable. Hipsters are now more likely to go to overpriced, though usually higher quality, locally owned coffeeshops.
She *asked* you to? Shit, I had to pay to do it...
&gt;... 99 million dollars ... are their actually any US currency denominations high enough for that to be physically possible? The US has printed $100,000 bills, which are pretty much just for use between banks. I believe they aren't really made anymore. Anywho, if you were to stack it up, you'd need 990 of those bills, and it would be a little over 4 inches. For comparison, a strap of cash (money precounted and wrapped together) typically holds 100 bills. But depending on the currency and color of the strap, can hold up to 250 bills as is the case of ones wrapped in green.
At a minimum. Only 15 people have won him in addition to those other awards.
Netflix only has the original The Evil Dead, none of the other movies though. It's the most serious of the series, but is definitely a great B movie. If you've all already seen the Evil Dead trilogy, see if you can find My Name is Bruce somewhere. It is kind of an Evil Dead movie and is great. A quick Googling says it is on Amazon Prime if you have the ConTV subscription, but you can sign up for a 7 day free trial and then cancel it.
That's it? No kola, coca, water or sugar? That's crazy!
Nope. Each brand is going to have different amounts of ingredients, but they don't have 2,000. Hell they can't really have much more than 600 ingredients in the US. The US Health Department has approved only [599 additives to cigarettes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_additives_in_cigarettes). Nothing else can be added to them in this country. The list of 2,000+ chemicals you are thinking of is the byproducts in the smoke, and honestly I'm not sure if that number is accurate.
That reminds me of some comic where Joker and Batman are talking and Joker cracks a joke. Batman just starts laughing and freaks the joker the fuck out. Can't remember what it is from specifically though since I don't really read Batman much. Also there's The Killing Joke (comic and cartoon) that kinda goes the same way.
Sigh, another job lost to automation...
A very quick Google later and I can't find anybody selling reproductions of the statue. I would totally buy one that's about 8-12 inches tall.
Mellon!
When the King start turtling, he reaches up and gently, yet firmly, pulls on the burgeoning turdlet. The royal diet was pretty high in fiber, so this prevented the King from getting hemorrhoids through overstraining.
That's not big enough for me!
There are two kinds of people; those who pee in the shower, and liars.
Oh come on! Tell us!
At a minimum the matcha and oolong ones are going to have caffeine. Without seeing the ingredients, I can't tell you if the others actually contain tea, and therefore caffeine.
Ah, okay. I didn't think that it was citric acid since it tastes different to me.
That's the exact page I was thinking of but didn't feel like trying to find it.
The MIB probably wouldn't be dissolved, but could be part of the beginnings of Section 31. They'd start off by providing cover and protection from some of the more aggressive aliens, and evolve into the Section 31 that we (aren't supposed to) know and love.
Not quite. The kings were, at one time, representative of those 4, but they originally didn't represent them, and over time have represented many other kings. From [Snopes](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/the-four-king-truth/): &gt;In summary, the court cards in decks of playing cards were not initially identified by name. The assignation of identities to the kings (as well as the queens and knaves) was a temporary practice unique to French card masters that began around the mid-15th century, was not standardized for some time, and was discontinued at the end of the 18th century.
Would you say it's like a boner of his heart, a heart-on if you will?
That's pretty sweet! I'm trying to get through the old Sonic comics and am up to #150. I do have the Sonic Comic Encyclopedia, but haven't read it yet because it'll have too many spoilers for me.
Find the weak willed and mind trick them into giving you all their money. Basically, just become a really good busker or MLM manager. Hell, televangelism could work too since you can actually perform miracles.
&gt;Glasgow kiss being a headbutt. And I've always called that a Scottish punch.
Shit, I'm not even asexual, but I'm down
The best kind of cow
Heavy metal poisoning. Jokes aside, and assuming burning those two metals are possible, I would say it is based on the metals properties (similar to how iron and steel work like magnets to push and pull metal). In that case, adamantium would make you impervious to injury since it is unbreakable, probably countered by a quick burn rate. This kinda encroaches on pewter, but it makes you 100% impervious to injury instead of just stronger and faster healing. Since vibranium absorbs energy, it could create an allomantic dampening field around the user preventing others from burning metal (or possibly just preventing the effect and wasting the metal). Note: I've only read the first book and I believe new metals are introduced later, these effects may already exist.
And that means that they could have any random power, once again defeating OP's question. At least this way, I could give some form of answer.
This is /r/PornFree, not /r/NoFap. If you didn't look at porn (for your definition of porn), it isn't a relapse.
