I LOVE THIS PART
SMH it should be at 1:31.
No u
What are you, 12?
Thomas is Squilliam
Spineless fucking move, OP. He physically shoved you? Kick him the fuck out. End of story.
Uh... You have the roles backwards
Ouch.
Vick chose to throw right so he could stiff are with his left but nice try Other way around I'm a dumb
I have my hands all backwards n shit
Domino's
Some say he's still moving sightly to the left this very day.
Because it's fucking rape you shithead.
Hubcap Grill in Kemah Lighthouse District as well.
Thank fucking god
Oakland come get your man
Shit the cold reached Oklahoma too?
In the event of a midseason user change, any players the be owner wishes to re-sign but can't because the previous owner withdrew the offer, the new owner can request the contract be renewed via commissioner. Sounds complicated, but it happened to Dustin O with Kenny Clark and Blake Martinez. Basically get a picture of the fair offer from re-sign screen and PM a commissioner.
Well ofc it's easy if you try you fucktard.
I'm stuck at work listening to a shit playlist with too much country music. It's not even good country either, it's like 33% country pop bullshit and it fucking sucks.
no u
I have dishonored my famiry, must commit Sudoku now.
Hey man they went 10 years with *only* conference championships. Do you know how hard it is to go without success for that long?
First Pai came for the Yinzers, and I did not speak for I was not a Yinzer. Then he came for the 12s, and again I did not speak for was not a 12. Then he came for the Texans, and there was nobody left to speak for me.
Who said that?
Haikus are silly At least I saw some dank memes Refrigerator
I'm more of a Korean Cave Paintings fan myself.
Surprise motherfucker
They have to exist first.
Me and crippling depression
That dog is the best boy
Todd Haley calls plays and the fact that you didn't know that speaks volumes about how much your statement matters.
He caught a case of the Keenums
Update your roster.
After a 1-15 season no less.
Eww
Both tbh
Fuck that
I'm a Texans fan
Also fuck that #CasedGod all the way.
Usually grills are pretty hot.
It's getting upvoted but all the top comments are complaining about it being there just because she's a girl. Too many fucking lurkers.
He hung up the bow for a bit, Diggle took over with a crossbow for like 4 episodes. Then they went back to normal and none of it meant anything. Olicity got a wedding and the season has no sense of direction or a plot.
Right? He's got no motive, no real backstory, and poses no threat other than commanding Black Siren. There are millions of the week more fleshed out than him, and they're trying to prop him up as the leader of the bad guys who all have more or the same amount of development.
Yes
But why
We've actually already got a system in place. Have to spend at least 3 seasons with a current team before switching. Can't switch to a division that already has 3 teams.
Makes sense, but we barely ever have that scenario, it's more likely that 2 users would swap teams.
Addendum to the Safety to LB ban: if a safety has 85 or less speed they can move to LB.
Basically took off 1/3rd of the ship
And Case has both
Caserio.
Well that's just fucking stupid.
Nah. KD is a bitch.
Instructions unclear, dick stuck in Mountain Dew
Penetrates deep
IT is actually Kellam.
Yeah it wasn't even that insane of a question tbh.
He actually did that in college, so keep trying.
New Orleans Fucking Saints
The bandwagon flairs are the gold ones btw
Did you put a ring on the banana?
3 Tons Down
Yeah, the do more part I get but the less pay is BS.
See that's the problem, if a majority of them are getting lucky, then it just makes them think the minority got unlucky.
Let them pull a Colts.
Yeah this dude doesn't speak for us. Barely ever see him on the team sub either.
... You called for a fair catch... In the end zone... That's a safety.
You act like biology is the biggest driving thing behind people when that's not true at all, not to mention the fact that people's drives to do certain things can be chemically altered by outside factors such as stress.
That only applies to kickoffs.
They gave Ryan Switzer a bunch of traits, quick Dev, and 74 ovr. Mack Hollins, an Eagle WR in the same round, was a 67 ovr with neither a dev or traits.
That league sounds awful tbh.
Brady throws a pick 6 on the last play when all the Patriots needed was 5 yards for a FG to break a 24-24 tie.
[Williamposting]
I just keep clinging to the sliver of hope that it'll get better.
Could just be that the protagonists are fighting for Spartan independence and using the old logo for the cause.
And not only did it happen, they put it in the fucking season trailer. They were proud of that shit.
Yeah because Moira paid her 2M to GTFO of Oliver's life.
There were 2 checks, one to leave and another one she actually moved away and told Oliver she'd miscarried. I'm guessing she didn't cash the second.
Hehe 69
Just Don Cheadle his ass Iron Man 2 style.
I'm hoping those were meant to be blades that retract.
Why TF hide the rules until you join? That's stupid.
No. This is basically like formation subs but in your depth chart. Now your 3rd best WR won't be defaulted to the slot, and when injuries happen it won't mess things up as badly.
The 2016 Warriors
THAT FUCKIN KID THO
It's a glorified hockey puck.
Well if you like your meats to be overcooked so badly that the proteins actually break down and ruin the texture, ok then. And btw it's not blood coming from the steak, it's myoglobin.
Yeah, so they gave a valid point the original article got wrong. The 2 white ladies that came in after close were still served but had to order togo, but the black lady was outright denied. Not proof of racism but still poor judgement on the employees' part.
Which is honestly kind of stupid. You aren't losing money off a 20 year old ordering a kid's meal compared to a 10 year old ordering one. It's the same amount of food, the same price, the same service.
Ryan Shazier, Steelers LB recently in the news for getting damn bear paralyzed on a bad tackle and is now trying to walk again. He's also been balls his entire life because of a follicle disorder or some shit so even though the little hair he does have looks like that, he's just happy to have any at all for the first time in his life. Even laughed about the memes on Twitter.
Also 3rd pic is Reach, which doesn't even have Master Chief so
You're the salty one here, dipshit.
That and the thing with Manu was in 2015, after they'd already finished S2...
Eh they were building up to Ra's from S1, we were always gonna see a Lazarus Pit
Yes. Fuck the Mavs and the refs.
Take whoever has a good draft story. If neither does take the younger one of Mett and Buehler.
The vet wasn't a player.
A fool and his money are something something bet over
THOMAS DAVIS
They did it first you dingus. You're copying them now.
Won't happen because that's how the NFL schedule works.
Really loving the schedule across the top.
The viewers
That would be hard as hell to do with online leagues and making it just an offline feature would be weird to implement. I would like to see the ability to flex games to primetime as a commissioner control but that's such a minor detail to me it doesn't really make a difference.
That's all because of licensing issues. EA can't do anything about that.
That's how it already is...
I know. Golden State is the most recent example, this dude is just acting like Boston is the only team to ever discover it.
Beast Quake was fucking 9 years ago what the hell.
It's just a crosspost from /r/gaming, not actually mine.
Honestly I'm fine with that. MC running around in Spartan armor trying to blend into a crowd would feel forced and weird, and since this is pre-creed they wouldn't have a reason to care about social stealth just yet.
Maybe they reference that in game or make it a DLC?
Without even clicking I'm gonna guess this is the ghost paper Mr. Krabs uses to get SpongeBob to return Smitty Werberjagermanjensen's hat.
(Don't catch you slippin up)^^2
Yo soy psychico
I like that idea a lot.
2K isn't stuck with an exclusive license either.
It's competition but 2k is winning. Unfortunately by such a wide margin that they're doing the same pay to win shit EA does.
Plot twist it was the girl the whole time.
Why wait for LBJ Jr to get drafted when you can play with your sons now?
Fuckin Cincinnati...
I was ready to go in on a motherfucker, man.
Boi hwat
They could fix a lot of progression issues if they started tracking advanced stats like 2K and The Show. For OL track pressures allowed, for DB/LB track targets, for team stats track pass/rush attempts against. Then you get Target %, completion % allowed, rush ypc allowed, and then you can re-work goals to be now realistic.
He's on the bullshit again gawt dangit
Orange fo sho
Wonder what the Raptors are getting LeBron for today.
He wasn't grouchy because he was hungry. He was grouchy because he had to live with that woman.
No, no it isn't.
I'll take Conklin.
It's a bad joke
People don't root for burger joints. People don't wear burger joint uniforms every day. People don't put burger joint logos on their cars and other belongings. Try again.
imarriedabitch
The Titans fanbase didn't root for the Oilers. The Texans fanbase did. You shouldn't get to claim his success as something you cheered for even if it's on paper.
The way the Browns were handled should be the model for relocated teams. City keeps the history, relocated team stats off as an expansion team with no history. The Oilers history shouldn't become Texans history, they are different franchises. Let the Oilers franchise history end in Houston. The Titans should be considered a separate franchise from them.
Thursday my brother.
HOOVE NOISES
Triggered
No, not really. Durant going to GSW makes them so damn unbeatable that LeBron has no chance to beat them, so his finals record gets hit hard. Curry can't claim to be the best player on that team anymore, because with Durant there's this 1a 1b effect in play.
He won once. Now with KD those last two rings aren't as impressive.
How better to shitpost then?
The swat your pass JJ
Holy shit I thought I was looking at a raw steak in the thumbnail.
You basically answered your own question. NFL won't allow it, they control the licensing agreement and if they don't like what EA is doing, they can revoke the license, so EA has to comply.
No, they're happy to comply because without that license, there wouldn't be a game to buy.
That's why I think we should go after the Chiefs. Put pressure on them and see which side of the fence they fall on, Plunderbirds or GLoG.
This should be the last one now that we're out.
Plunderhood goes against Chiefs, Chiefs ally with GLoG, we get them to vote Vikings in retaliation. All the while we ally with just the birds.
And if we can start that fight sooner rather than later we can use the other factions to eliminate them before us.
What a guy
Yet
Maybe he had to have an OL that transcended to a new level of shittiness
Michael Vick is exactly what the prison system should strive to do.
Ayy my guy you got any of them beta codes?
The fuck kinda shit is this? You have like 10 QBs throwing 30+ picks in a season? Is this even a sim league? FOH tryna represent the CFM community.
Kingbrick01 got made in the Plunderbirds sub as a Texans false flag. Rn they're gunning down the ungulates, and I think they'll go right at the Browns next. If they kill your endgame goal, they'll run the game uncontested right to the final.
GLoG also has a screenshot album of your plans. Top post, get in there and make amednds with them. If the ungulates are going down, we should at least drag the Plunderbirds down with us.
This is why you fuzz the advance time and have a commissioner do it through the app.
tbf they did all take a bath first.
It's dynamic and based on meeting goals &amp; performance.
Yeah you are, man
Me7othelioma
Maybe we should try the Rays strategy. Use McHugh or Peacock to pitch the first inning or so and let Kuechel settle in against the weaker part of the order.
The way you describe Peterson makes him sound like a jackass. That's everything I don't want in a local announcer. Don't be biased to the point of assuming everything should go your way.
Can we come with
Yeah that's weird as hell. Outback uses both types of grills, it's pretty well noted in their menus.
A what now
Yeah but we were also always the 3rd wheel there and there was already talk on your subs about taking us out because we had the numbers.
How do people still not get this you've been around for years here
Your record only affects 2 games on your schedule. For us that means we play the Browns and Broncos. Neither team looks had this year either.
Hnng those running lanes
When the Texans get touchdowns I think to myself yes
Black magic fuckery
That was a pick 6
These Best buy commercials are fucking awkward
WEW
Eh we'll live
ANDRE HAL WITH THE TO
Announcer literally joking about how he doesn't know football terminology get this dumbass outta here
ANDRE HAL WITH THE ACTUAL TO
Welcome to the life of JJ Watt
LOL CARRIE
Colvin what the hell
DROY
He didn't possess it in the end zone though
If we lose to the Colts then everything is up for grabs if we lose out. Titans and Colts play each other week 17, so that's already a win or go home game.
Belichick coaches suck. Belichick coaches with glasses tho....
You're already trading a down, that's enough.
No they don't lol
Those damn Chinese inventors who discovered gunpowder did it
Stay off our lawn we're trying to do butt stuff
Shanklecuffs
Hey guys if anybody plays Madden 19 on Xbox one, I'm about to get a league restarted and need users. Lmk if you're interested. We need AFCE and AFCN users especially
If anybody plays Madden 19 on Xbox One, me and /u/A_Zombie1223 are looking for members. Texans are already taken, but we still have a ton of spots.
We had a 3rd but he was dumb anyways
Brother Eli Apple was traded for and all you heard about him from Giants fans was about how trash he was. KJo is a young highly drafted DB. He'll get signed somewhere.
Dante paid the hunters to do jobs for them.
Yeah something like that would've gotten brutally stiff armed out of your memory.
Yeah. But Donald isn't touching anything there except for sacks, hits, and fumbles.
Even if he does he won't even sniff QB hits, solo tackles, or deflections.
No, Jags ruined that
Aww hell yeah Kevin Harlan
KHOU has Gannon and Harlan
HE CAN'T KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH IT
He broke the fucking plane tho
Lmao again, imagine a Texans drive without help from the Colts ever happening
Beep boop can I interest you in an app?
A1 is better than ketchup for steak, but that's like saying bird shit is better than human shit falling on your head.
Well what the fuck do you want then lol
Brother I have room for all of you guys in /r/ML16.
Iris has knocked that shit off for the most part in season 5 at least. She's back to being a reporter.
The Redskins literally just took a Saints jersey and drew triangles on it.
In Houston we're lucky if we get space themed shit. Most people just go "Oh, Texas! Make it look Western, they'll love it!" No the fuck we won't. You wanna incorporate H-Town properly? Work in "Be Someone".
A backup?
Don't talk shit about my boy Pusha T. You don't know.
Problem is that whatever they implement has to work for both offline and online.
I think what you're suggestions or something similar would work if they'd change how their sims work. So far they've always assumed a sim game is played with 15 minute quarters when most leagues use 7-8. Just adjust the sim to use the same quarter length you set when creating the league.
I'll follow that ass into battle
And that's how I know this isn't Brian Gaine's burner account.
Because after the Oilers left a lot of Houston football fans jumped ship to the Cowboys, watched them almost immediately get 1 of their 5 rings, then once Houston got the Texans, those Cowboys fans started acting like they were superior for some reason. It's widespread enough to be fucking insufferable.
You sound like a crotchety old man with that shit take
That was one of the biggest disappointments in gaming ever and they fucking knew it too.
At E3 a reporter was interviewing one of their lead devs and he said it's just a mobile game for now, and he knew he was pissing everybody off when he said it.
It needs to be LB/EDGE/DL already.
Swing and a miss
Lol how the hell did you think Watson was undraftable?
It's almost like there a fuckton of people on this sub and they have different opinions on shit.
Those aren't the same people that are happy he's back.
If there was ever a time to rig the world series it would've been right after 9/11 with the Yankees but instead Arizona gets a walkoff against Mariano Rivera.
Yup that's why the comment got removed.
Why the hell are the drinks coming to y'all and also what the actual fuck is this POS setup
Why is being celebrated when an OL pushes the ball carrier forward? That shit is a penalty. Edit: ok so pushing is legal, pulling isn't.
Your aren't our bros, dude.
YoU gOtTa SeE tHiS
That's implied you waffle.
When you point out grammar mistakes but you don't refute the sentiment it means you're wrong.
They should trade Wentz to SF for Mullens tbh
Can't leave out Deshaundre Watkins too.
Schaub would do everything the coach asked for down to the letter, but he didn't have the playmaking ability to just pull some bullshit out of his ass with the game on the line. Once people figured out how to best the Texans' offensive scheme, Schaub was done.
Oh man... The second I saw this I knew it'd be on the front page. Glad I could be here boys.
Do it for the boys
Did you just admit to being a bandwagon fan?
You aight
The make-a-wish squad
More like to prevent teams from mailing it in last minute if they clinch early.
Davenport is so bad holy shit
He's too expensive for them.
God these Sewell commercials are pretentious af
They have a coffee bar, they make me feel important! Bitch, did you get a good deal on the fucking car or not?
Fuckin Benny, stealin yo hats n shit
Get Hopkins one more catch for that franchise record
So if only one AFCW team loses later, I hope it's the Chiefs. Chargers don't exactly have a crazy home field advantage, Chiefs losing Arrowhead will hurt more.
No wonder the Jets got their shit pushed in, we fucking stabbed them.
Shit Mountain is a lifestyle.
There wasn't a call tho... Y'all are the ones who were rightly upset about it.
It was offensive to me.
What an exciting way to end the regular season of Refball. 5 straight big plays! Wow!
Writing cash is the safest option because if another server or busser steals the tip then the server should know something's wrong. It doesn't really matter to most though.
FOR REAL
There's adversity, then there's the warriors. There is no shame in losing to that bullshit roster, and the Rockets have won 1 less game in the playoffs than the rest of the league combined since they got Durant.
Yeah, if you're handicapping your casting just to get a short Wolverine, you better be damn sure it's worth it.
It's just something that non-Japanese fans wouldn't have picked up on immediately. He arranged the cards to spell Kamoshida, which draws more attention to them than a bunch of random red index cards would.
First of all how dare you
You guys traded for the wrong Marlin
***ALAN SILVESTRI INTENSIFIES***
Because they do it properly by getting everybody to sign release forms after the fact. If they don't sign, they don't air it, and if somebody in the background didn't sign, they blur out their face.
You already know it's not gonna have an evolution then have poorly balanced stats with a BST in the low 400s.
I would never, you filthy casual.
It's just like the Madden franchise. They had a creative director leave because he wanted to focus on fixing some of the many issues they've had in their games for years now, but the suits wanted back of the box features so they could sell copies. Resources get spent developing stupid gimmicks when they could've been used to fix/balance the game.
I'm just talking about this particular aspect, not the entire game. Madden can go fuck itself.
Local fish in good mood and the water makes his fishy parts parts feel really good indeed
She gave it back tho
It's a fringe top 10 for me. Endgame, Infinity War, Civil War, Winter Soldier, Ragnarok, GOTG 1 &amp; 2, Homecoming and Black Panther were all better to me. Captain Marvel felt like a throwback to the phase one movies because it was a character intro movie.
He said he left them under a truck somewhere.
Given how familiar she's acting with Joker by then, she has to become a party member pretty early on.
Mess with Woozi you get the Uzi
He's definitely a lesbian.
Yeah, his story wasn't anything outlandish, it was very realistic. Unpopular kid finds something to latch on to thinking it's how he'll become popular, and goes about it the wrong way before getting help.
Because it was obvious that he had an ulterior motive of using the Phan-site for personal gain. It was an asset, but he was getting greedy about it, and the Thieves let him decide to change on his own rather than stealing his heart.
FUCK YOU INCEL CAT
HERE COMES FISHER
"No." -Baker Mayfield, probably
Granted. Your local high school men's swim team wins their district championship. You're also in attendance, front row.
The David Carr before David Carr was David Carr.
Fuck ya chowda
I pity the fooloo who fucks with the crooloo.
We already did
The models are vector images, so all they have to do is scale it up, which is really easy.
Fred VanVELITE
DANNY NO
\&gt;thinking Game Freak would actually just scale up the models instead of creating all-new ones
Only a .8 HR/Game, what a scrub, DFA him right now tbh
Josh Fields lol
How have we never made this connection before?
Josh Fields lol
Memes, yes, but Reddit is mainly intended to be an aggregate for the internet.
He got better
We get it, it's Daddy Day.
Think about it from a Poketuber's perspective. If people are pissed off enough about this to leave the franchise, they aren't going to keep watching Pokemon videos. If they're somehow still defending the decision, they will. If your infinite is based on people watching your videos, you have to appeal to your audience. Can't blame them for making a living, this shit hurts them too.
Ben McAdoo says "I wish I had one" when somebody orders a tall blonde ale at the bar.
You're right, I was looking at drafted players, not UDFAs. He'd have to be our guy here.
Ok yeah that guy's a douchebag.
So you don't understand sports, got it.
Yeah but that face screams FBI OPEN UP!
Maybe look up how that works before saying some uninformed shit while trying to sound smart. DL can only wear 60-69 and 90-99. Bucs have 68 and 96 open.
The whole point of explaining that was because this group got pissed off that they had to tip. $2.13 only works when you actually get tipped.
She was wrong though, their particular group had come in before and didn't tip.
So an incendiary lemon grenade... or a Lemonade.
Check the restaurant's facebook page. I'd link the specific post but I'm on mobile.
I'm gonna bet that the lying party here is the lady who went to the media and said she wasn't being belligerent when the video clearly shows otherwise if we want to talk about proof. Also, who stands more to lose here, her or the restaurant? Why would they lie about that? She also said to KPRC that the waiter "*basically* told us that black students from Prairie View don't tip" which is her interpreting what was said in the most beneficial way possible for her. If any employee actually said that to a customer, they'd be unemployed fast.
You gave the gods a challenge that day.
Go watch the security camera footage ffs.
No, it's dealing with a freeloader who abused the system in place which only screws the employee. If the employer was fine with it, why did the manager defend the server when pressed about the gratuity?
Yeah, I'm thinking he won't have this suit until towards the end of the movie.
So it looks like his Japanese mother took his father's last name, which is Darvishsefat.
Odd choice for a character name but ok
Did they really fail as a restauranteur though? If they're busy and making money then I doubt they give a crap that they weren't what you wanted, because that's not what they're trying to be.
Depends on your POS system. Where I work if you ring in anything with a side salad, unless you specify it's with the entree, it will go first and the entree itself won't even show up until the salad is done. Apps are separate though, nothing is waiting to go if you ring that in too.
Just send that shit back, it's not a big deal, and if your waiter gives you attitude about it then they just suck anyways.
Boomers tend to think every restaurant is at least 2/3 of those things. They think it's too dark just because the blinds are up, it's too cold because they just got there and haven't acclimated to the inside temperature, or that it's too loud because they don't like music they didn't grow up with.
And when all of that is working, then the weird fuckers start coming in, complain about it, force change, then nobody else gets to enjoy a good atmosphere. The complainers are always there breathing on the door at opening time, I swear.
PikaCHONK
Fish team good
Eh, not really.
People also saw Avatar multiple times.
I don't think they were suspects at that point. He was just killing time before his next show.
Probably why the son did that tbh.
Fair enough, I'm guilty of this for sure.
A 10 top is probably going to be there for at least an hour and a half.
They're like a Skamory. You probably won't see them in New Pokemon games.
Fuller also impressed me with his route running on short-intermediate stuff last year, dude was breaking ankles out there for a bit.
R u a wizard
Can't believe y'all made such a fucking villain out of a guy new to the country making a childish gesture.
That makes perfect sense for her character, holy shit. In IW she's scared to kill Vision even though it could save the universe, then sees her own failure play out in front of her when Thanos used the Time Stone. Then she comes back in EG and almost solo kills him out of defiance. Even during that fight, there's a smaller cycle when Thanos is trying to crush her with the sword, she breaks down a bit and looks scared, then stabilizes herself and then breaks it.
Aunt May *is* hot now...
Wanda and Wakanda? Really? You aren't even trying.
Lol I can't read I'm a fucking dog
They're no better than scientologists imo. Part of my family is from Japan, including my great-aunt, and when she moved over to the States they took advantage of her and she was left penniless and out a decade of her life.
&gt;morgana Hol up
Well, it was just collecting dust until then, so now I have no reason to keep it. I basically transitioned all my stuff to PS4 anyways.
I mean I'm not really crying, I'm more disappointed than anything. But whatever helps you sleep at night, I guess.
Just remember that you have to adjust just as much as any of your staff does. The AM needs to go, if she can't even be an effective server then she shouldn't be taking on all the extra responsibility. As for the staff... Call a mandatory staff meeting before you open one day, not like a pre-shift talk, really iron out how things are going to be. Be willing to make changes, invest a bit of your extra time and money into the place. Run sales and teamowork contests to give them a reason to try. Listen to them and try to understand where they're coming from. Be the manager they want to work for, not the one they want to work with. I worked at a restaurant that fired their GM because he was basically your AM but a dude. The new one was considered a hardass by everybody who sucked and didn't last a month with him, but everything else would be the first to tell you he saved that fucking restaurant.
"I'll have the 8oz filet, medium rare." "Alright, and for your sides?" "My what?" Fucking end me.
DOWN WITH LOS GIGANTES FÚTBOL DE NUEVA YORK
Realistically, selective reduction. For dreams purposes, lie to the parents and say they only have one child, then when the mother goes into labor, find a BS medical reason to have the father leave, get the mother loopy on painkillers, then just kill one of the kids the second it's born. Then have everybody present swear on their families' lives to never speak of what they did, only for the mother to later on uncover the truth after investigating in secret because she had a feeling that she had two babies in her pregnancy.
Fuckin /u/RatedR20 out here tryna be Helmut Zemo.
You wouldn't know her, she plays for another school.
Our sub has anime waifu flairs, this is nothing.
You can literally move the Chargers back to San Diego, they just won't play in Qualcomm.
Or he's Will Fuller 2
Fuck me my entire life in shambles now...
Dolphins GM circa 2012: aight look, we don't think you'll ever do shit for us in teal or orange, but hear me out.
Don't say that name
Trivago?
Bridgewater
Buck's confused. A field goal on the first possession doesn't end it. If both teams possess the ball and either don't score or both kick FGs, then the next score of any type ends it.
RUDOLPH! END ZONE! TOUCHDOWN! KIND OF BELIEVABLE!
We call that a Kawhi.
I saw a Texans fan say he hopes the Chiefs beat us 50-3 next week so that O'Brien gets fired, and that's just fucking stupid. Why the fuck would you want to end a playoff run just to get your coach fired? Every fanbase has that group of idiots that could watch their team win a SB then still want the coach fired because "He WoN't Do It AgAiN."
Only if the season's already lost, sure.
Keith is the male version of Karen, change my mind.
I love that I can ask this, but which one?
I mean I don't know about ended it but it definitely helped.
Cheese in Madden is spamming shit that's proven to work by exploiting faults in AI.
What kind of fucking psychopath likes warm beer?
I think the problem with XY was that they added the exp share after they'd already figured out levels for NPCs and wild mons.
Fair point, I think I will.
Also the budget slashes hurt like hell. Notice in Arrow especially that your really don't see anything done on expensive sets after S2.
You need Jesus
THE SOUTH WILL RISE AGAIN
Go back to Slumbering Weald and do the post game story.
Uhhh... You definitely don't speak for everybody on this sub. General consensus is more or less 10% is bad, 15% is average, 20% is good.
No, that was Jeff Ireland, their old GM.
Don't even bother comparing basketball to football, it's way harder in the NFL to turn things around in one season.
Not at fucking all.
I just wanna take a moment here to address all the fans of other teams in this thread. Go shove your asterisks up your ass.
I mean if you'll front me the money to get there then gladly.
You GTFO, this is the Astros sub, and you're the one with a vendetta against the team. Take that shit back to /r/baseball.
Sean Payton and Gregg Williams are still coaching in the NFL, and Payton didn't even get fired. They'll be back.
Why the fuck wouldn't we? The fans that buy tickets to a ballgame aren't spending money to act sad and disappointed.
People don't understand the concept of precedent.
Also no amount of hate and bullshit from 29 other fanbases will ever change how 2017 felt.
UP
Raven is why so many people wish for a big tiddy goth gf.
The special ingredient in the chicken sandwich is Ws.
I saw a Texans fan in the chiefs sub the day after we beat Buffalo say that he wanted them to blow us out 50-3 just so OB would get fired. Why the fuck would you want to burn a playoff run for that? If we'd won that game then we'd have gone further into the playoffs than ever before.
That's bullshit and you know it. Black Sox players literally agreed to throw the WS, Astros just cheated to gain a competitive advantage, success wasn't guaranteed.
Holy fuck you missed the entire point.
I'm basically saying this whole thing is on par with steroids. They both provide an unfair advantage, but you still have to hit the ball, it doesn't completely negate the effect on the game the opponent has. Pitchers can still strike out a batter on roids and a batter who's stealing signs, it's just harder because of the unfair advantage. Black Sox literally threw games, which does negate the effect of the opponent on the game, as they were predetermined to win.
As fucked up as this situation is, it could've happened anywhere between 2 people without proper gun safety training, it just happened to be in a school. Bringing a gun to about in the first place is just a stupid decision on its own though.
I don't think this clown understands shit.
Its only purpose in life is to provide a flavor to some IPAs.
I'M GOIN TO JAIL!
Not even mad, this shit is just even more of a stretch than when Yao Ming hit puberty.
That man got burnt so bad he became the crumbs that fall off the toast.
Do it, make them hoes mad
They just want extra punishments because nothing is enough for those fuckers. Manfred could've executed Altuve on live TV and they would've bitched that he didn't shoot Bregman too.
So we're going all in on the villain card for 2020? Sweet.
If I just message the /r/baseball mods to ban me, is that cool? I just want them to know I'm fuckin out.
There was Sonia porn before the Direct was even over.
Easily, but at that point it's just worth it as a customer.
Careful, Jombitch might use this as proof that he's right
I call bullshit on the second one.
It's a trap
Did this dude just cut a burger in half with a sword?
You don't walk into a bank at 4:59 and stay for an hour while the employees wait for you to leave before they can clean up.
That's why it didn't get a bigger marketing push. Starbucks doesn't know what it wants to be when it grows up yet, but it's just too big to fail. One day they want to push the coffee and quality, the next day corporate is screaming "UNICORNS, BITCH! SELL THAT SHIT" into the headset.
Get a French press and thank me later.
Because at a fast food job you're still getting paid the same for staying late to deal with the order.
Eh, it's fine, their dad will still have a job on another team next year.
Hoes mad.
Ben McAdoo 2: Electric McAloo
How the fuck
Are you a supporter of the United States military?
Too high really.
Yeah Hopkins is only an inch taller than Landry but because he's great at high pointing the ball in the air and plays physically, everybody forgets he's only 6' and barely over 200 pounds.
Hoes stay mad
And Jomboy is a salty little bitch who isn't a master of metaphors and analogies, so that doesn't matter. A better example would be the Stros getting a DWI while blowing a .12 and the Sox getting a second DWI while only blowing a .09, so their punishment stems from the fact that they've already been caught for this before.
The numbers aren't the important part, did you even read my comment?
And then they still want it juicy...
Dip that fucker in au jus and throw it back out.
It's pretty much giving the players an NDA while the investigation is ongoing. This is standard shit everywhere in investigations.
Why didn't they make a Weisz and call it Weisz Sox?
Really doubt that, they still make good shit.
A lot of my coworkers drink their IPA, it's smooth af. In Houston though the brewery scene is awesome. St. Arnold's, 8th Wonder, True Anomaly and more are all within walking distance.
Yeah that lady should not be allowed to ever see the grandkids.
I could see it, would definitely need some good can/bottle art though.
Seahawks fans hated Bevell but I've always thought he was a good coach and I think this year proved that in Detroit. I remember wanting him as the Texans HC when we fired Kubiak.
Let's be real here. The Bensons aren't exactly the best comparison to be making right now.
Woj, bro. This shit is fucked up.
Of course he's from fuckin Shreveport...
Your really think the Astros, a professional baseball team, would be completely incapable of scoring more than 2 runs per game against a Yankee team with a team ERA of 3.72 even without the sign stealing? You really think that the sign stealing magically produced all of our offense? You lost because our pitchers beat you.
Nah, she would never dare to put Dorte in harm's way.
Even if I could forget/forgive the other dickheaded shit he's done, he just abandoned a fucking puppy? Somebody much more physically gifted than me should totally punch this guy in the mouth.
You guys are so getting hacked after the draft.
I'm not a nudist, but I feel like taking pictures of people at a nude beach would be a big no no.
Yeah I was gonna say if you're ordering shit to use in some fucked up shit like like letting 3 pugs eat you out, the least you could do is tip well, but if you're the type of person to let 3 PUGS EAT YOUR MORBIDLY OBESE FAT FLAPS THAT GUARD THAT HOLE OF SADNESS THAT IS YOUR SNATCH, then you probably don't think things through enough from a human decency standpoint.
This is one for /r/museumoffilth for sure.
Only one I don't really like is the first Avengers one because it looks like tried to change the title and Iron Man looks like he's just trying to GTFO.
You wear a Nike hoodie, but the only time you've ever thought "Just Do It" is when you looked at the desert menu.
Gluing pubes to your face is not an arts and crafts project.
Did you go to a barber with a picture of Tai Lopez?
And now maybe he should stop trying to experience teenage girls.
That's crazy.
Only thing left then is that it's a faulty set of instructions or a broken cooker.
This is the laziest shit ever, who approved these?
Cal literally said they just adjusted BOB and Easterby's titles to accurately reflect what they actually did during the season.
Khalil Mack, Eddie Jackson, and they have to take BOB.
Because it's literally part of the state's identity. You don't have to have been born here, if you come here and stay long enough you can be a Texan too.
I wasn't expecting to be hurt today
You don't sign a guy like Henry without adjusting your offense to fit him.
Yeah this post doesn't matter. Assistant coaches rarely ever stay in the same org for their whole career, there are only so many chances to get a promotion that we never would've kept them all, and even if we did they wouldn't be the coaches they are now.
Ah, good ol Fire Emblem: Eugenics Simulator
No, you just pulled out a bad take. "Establishing the run" is some old minded shit. Every team wants to be able to run the ball well, that's not a knock on BOB. Stills was just the 3rd option behind Hopkins and Fuller all season while having to learn the playbook on the fly.
Special mix or gtfo
Sounds like it but for their sake I hope not. Their union is a joke and they're a shitty company to work for.
Jesus fuck there are a lot of racist assholes here.
Read the sidebar.
It's a fucking internet forum. Go do something else for a change.
No he doesn't.
It's almost like there's a lot of fucked up shit to fix in this country.
If it's so bad that you need to escape it, maybe think about what the problem that is causing it. Quit bitching that you can't hide your head in the sand.
It's mind-blowingly stupid of him when he's in the locker room every day with the people doing it. Kneeling has been a thing for a few seasons now, how do you not figure out what it's about by now?
Yeah I know a lot of people switch to merciless for this fight but I did it on my first playthrough on easy with absolutely no issues or extra prep. Hell, I don't even think I had Togo System yet. What really helps in Royal is that it actually saved the enemy weaknesses from all the previous fights against the bots.
Yeah the timer was a non-factor. It felt like a shittier version of the Madarame fight since they changed that one for Royal. I get it from a thesis standpoint, but it makes for shitty gameplay.
Dude turned into a stud for me in Madden, obviously this means real life is broken.
Yeah and that movie was ass.
Another Asian here, I actually liked that they didn't cast an Asian to play The Ancient One. It makes her insistent come off as different from the rest of the sorcerers without having to spend time detracting from the story to get that point across. By the time they reveal she'd been using energy from The Dark Dimension to stay alive, you'd already been feeling that something was off about her.
That's fine, not trying to start an argument here. Just offering my perspective.
IS THAT MFIN PERSONA 5 I SEE
We literally just went 11-5.
Any stories?
God I love that route concept.
Yeah that's grounds for assault.
You uhhh wanna say who there bud?
Yeah because of you don't do that, you instead have to do awful splicing job where they edit the player name into the lines and you get some sports video game shit where it just sounds unnatural.
That's the only way he can defend against anybody
If he was smart enough to not double down he would be smart enough to not have posted to begin with.
If that was the case Persona would've been higher lol, there are a lot of teenagers in this sub alone.
The guy you're thinking of died, and he wasn't a racist, just an old man who botched his words once. Kind of fucked too that that's all people remember about him.
I'm sorry, did you know him personally? Or are you just running with 2 bits of info and nothing more to judge the content of a man's entire life?
Steelers didn't even suck though. There's not a team out there that wouldn't struggle if their 3rd string QB played half the season.
That's why I said if. Everybody acts like they're the same but they're not for that reason.
Dak basically did to Romo what Brady did to Bledsoe. Romo was healthy by midseason that year but Dak played well enough for them to not look back. Every single week though there was a debate about who should be starting though. The consensus was that Dak was clearly good but Romo would be better for that season if they wanted to make a playoff run.
Turns out we're all living in one big version of The Truman Show and 2020 is just the gas leak arc.
Fire Emblem is Support.
O'Brien is doing pretty damn good at the moment.
But actually yes.
That's the fucking problem though. There are ways to handle this situation non-lethally. They had already shot him by the time he reached for something.
I can get it down here near Houston too.
Minute Maid looks great again ever since they took down the wall of ads and laid them out along the wall instead. It doesn't block the downtown view anymore.
They both present their challenges, for the most part it depends on the DB. Smaller, quicker DBs would have more trouble on a bigger recover because they can't play the full body, and it'll be a lot harder to tackle those guys. Bigger DBs will have more trouble guarding shifty guys because they won't be able to keep up as easily.
Everybody gangster until the backup officer yells "STOP RESISTING!" smh
Watson, Watt, Fuller, Reid, Roby. Next.
Fuckin lemon party boy, forgot about him lol. What a useless fuck.
It's straight up backwards where I work lol
Ask Stephon Gillmore.
STOP RESISTING
Except it's just relocation teams that we already have.
Probably. Point isn't so much the number here but rather that EA couldn't care less if a non-MUT portion of the players just stopped buying the game.
