yeah it’s the same drum pattern in every song. he smashes his midi keys until some 4 bar looped melody comes from it and throws the drum pattern from other songs with a different 808.
it will but Denzel Curry actually is good at rapping. Ultimate wouldn’t be as hard as it is if another rapper took the beat.
looks like a NPC
so, how are the prices? say a quarter, gram and ounce?
Live 10 is the real deal trust me, I did the mistake of testing the beta for a week and now I regret it because starting new projects on Live 9 is a burden, the workflow improvements (capture, automation and multi midi clip editing) and UI tweaks are really well done. What I want now from Ableton Live is audio comping, if they add that recording vocals will be much easier and make me ditch Pro Tools to work solely on Live.
don’t even get me started on the loading screens. I’m doing story mode and it took like 5 minutes just to begin the first mission. I was on the verge of closing the game and play something else.
wait, why is it deemed a selfish act. being so depressed and hitting the lowest that the only way is suicide shouldn’t really be about others but the one who was suffering. especially when people who’ve reached that point think they’re burden to the same people’s life they directly influence.
only deluded people would expect anything else when what Quavo and Travis been doing last two years is that. Even though Mike Dean and Travis go to producers said Astroworld is the best music Travis has done I hope it’s actually as experimental as Rodeo was - same narrative floated before Bittsm and it didn’t turn to be true.
Metro Boomin was nowhere involved with Huncho Jack Jack Huncho production though.
don’t forget that probably 80+ percent of said youtuber subscribers age is probably below 13.
Cardi already had a bigger following than all of them. Idk, I think music only they’re bigger.
it wasn’t Rocky. Two guys in a livestream, apparently they’re friends with Rocky.
he’s always had it in him. I remember that he used to have piss poor finishing and if he improved that he would turn to be good.
I don’t like to watermark them with that “buy this beat” or other samples but you really can’t avoid this from happening. producers will still get fucked, thankfully there are others artists that initially also used to make beats and understand the producers importance. Unless you’re a hell of a songwriter your vocals are just compliment for beats.
you’re right here, we just hear about producers when the song did well. and most of the times there’s no deal in how the song earnings will be shared. I heard Metro Boomin asks like 40k + for each beat lease and all, one time pay. Maybe TM88 should be doing that from now on for any beat he hands out since labels/artists most of the time fuck you up. mix/master engineers are also important but as long as you can eq and have good volume balance it’s not hard to get your music mixed and mastered by yourself, there’s lot of resources nowadays. It requires a lot of practice and don’t expect profissional results overnight tho. the curious fact here is that most listeners disliked the song version that was mixed and mastered by Lil Uzi Vert team of sound engineers and reverted to the first print.
just find studios near your area. most of the have mix and mastering services.
that helps but it’s not a rule. if you’ve been working on it for a hours you should rest and come back at it another day or in a different playback system. I know a lot of producers that mix and master songs they produce for a lot of industry artists in my country and they just use reference tracks. It’s not as hard as you think, from practise and knowing what sounds right you will be able to do it yourself.
it's ear for it, they've been doing this for years now and experience helps too. I've been producing for almost 2 years and still need to try/error a lot of times before I get melodies or chords right. To others it just comes naturally. As for the right samples to pick - you gotta feel the music and the rest is as simple as going with what sounds good. don't forget to have your samples in key, not all drums like kicks need it since most are tonal. [I use KeyFinder to get sample loops root key, might help you.](http://www.ibrahimshaath.co.uk/keyfinder/)
Tetsuo &amp; Youth tho
you just need the Intro to King Push: Darkest Before Dawn
it’s apple we’re talking about, it’s going to be a iPhone X2 feature.
what do you by “sand”
it’s fine to do it in the whole picture as long as you don’t push the Limiter too much. 3db gain reduction with it never hurt my projects. If you push too much it may ruin your transients.
Y’all really think this? Don’t get me wrong the song is absolutely beautiful but the mainstream eats Eye 2 Eye, Saint type of songs.
Saint sounds like carbon copy of Gyalchester. I need to control myself from saying “hermès link, ice blue mink”.
bbng record their drums live I guess. also most of this warm drum sounds might come from mixing consoles and physical mixing units. If you ever wonder why some records are so clean might be because of that. A great mix/master engineer helps as well.
serial is tied to your account, you can’t use it with a different account. and Live 10 beta is public, no need to wait to enter the beta program.
I’ve been seeing this argument a lot and damn it’s so stupid.
his composition is genius but he gotta stop mixing and mastering records. he said that’s how Travis likes but just Birds had these flaws.
agree
it been reverted I guess.
most hits are actually generic beats if you count.
Kanye also creates album with a lot of musicians, lyricists, producers. some if his tracks have more than 20 people for production credits.
the only difference is the workflow and stock instruments/effects really. I might be biased since I've been working on Ableton for 2 years but just choose one that has a big community of people using it or the one you try and think it gets your ideas on the DAW quickly. it actually seems like you just created this thread to hate on FL as someone who likes and already uses Ableton. You didn't even mention Ableton a single time in your OP and then in every comment you just did that.
I get that every time I hear a track I like. It’s crazy, I need to slow down.
yea I’d say most of the weed I smoked in the last 4 years gave me mild paranoia. It’s hash by the way. I much prefer weed (buds) but it’s not that great for the price/quantity where I live.
the more you repeat. I legit took 15 min to roll my first blunt. 4 months after that I was rolling in less than 3 minutes.
https://twitter.com/boi1da/status/953617370983038977
I liked the new improvements and that it stay true to it's roots. IMO the UI is fine, I don't really want Ableton to be a cluttered mess like FL with a bunch of cascade menus and hidden views. I find it distracts from and slows down the main purpose of the program, that is to compose. The upgrade price is high and we don't even know the roadmap for Live 10. Live 9 got a lot of new features since it's been released tho. You can definitely wait sticking with 9 and see if it's worth in a 1 or 2 years but it's going to be much more expensive to upgrade. I personally would upgrade because since I used the beta it's been a burden to re-open Live 9.
if you been noticing Ableton Live has also captivated a lot of producers in hiphop. I would prefer to record vocals in Ableton and ditch ProTools. Really don't like having to print things back and forth if something needs to be changed.
cold shower in the winter? you don’t love yourself.
I should’ve used rub or roll.
Mid/Side EQ I use mainly to fix phasing issues when I don’t want the sample to lose too much of it’s frequency information. Also great to turn a 808 low end to mono leaving the stereo untouched.
4 thousand laptop really is the peak of ostentation
Cashmere Cat too. I’m pretty sure she also handled all of Lose to Travis Scott. And most of the lyrics of Sweet Sweet.
Throw Myself A Party
Ski Mask playing, he’d fit so well on Sumo. No album neither guest verses. And he’s like dropping all the singles for it, that album better be full of heat.
https://soundcloud.com/montebooker/babyboy yes, Waves S1 is tight for thisa
no, I’m a dumbass
legend at 16
yeah the others don’t appeal to more people, it’s not that deep.
Ski Mask would make Wok better if he had a verse on it.
probably someone that passed by to clean the CCTV room and got too cozy.
as long as you can spot harsh frequencies on low quality systems I think it's not that important to get monitors. I'd rather invest in things that actually improve your composition and then in the output sound quality.
wtf is happening with Gowther
people care too much about who gives a whopping or not when there’s power levels in the mix.
Russ even developed the DAW so he could compose his own songs. I’ll go further and say that Russ invented music too.
wtf are you even saying. from guest features and the cozy tapes he’s doing very well in my books. this here is probably just a loosie.
you play this anywhere and people go batshit crazy. Keef transcends genres. He the one who’ll bring peace to humanity.
exactly, 4 Your Eyez Only was still not good bar 3 tracks tho
Poetry, *by William Russespeare*.
the 2 Chainz treatment.
now he playing GTA
this album so long i’ll listen while I do other things, this that background music album.
Open It Up a banger fr. Deadz still better because of that Takeoff verse and the way the beat climaxes.
just a reminder that whoever mixes their records has appropriate room treatment and top quality monitoring equipment to properly mix those 808s, samples, drums etc.
sounds like a step up on A.L.L.A which already had impressive production
lmao you’re cutting practically all the important frequencies of a kick with that filter.
Without Warning came out less than 6 months ago, too soon to say that.
that’s what I said about Blue Pill and now it’s one of my favorite tracks from Travis
I guess I just listened to outside 3 times since Birds dropped. One of the worst clipping in vocals and melody for a studio album song I’ve heard in hiphop. Mike Dean probably mixed that with his phone.
Huncho Jack is leagues better than Saint. In every aspect, also got the best hook on the album.
yes, I wasn’t sure, just looked it up again. God level shit even sounds better to me tbh
basically every song success is on hook and beat. Magnolia has some of the worst verses I’ve ever heard, even for trap music standards. Yet the hook and beat hide those flaws.
nah. Pierre Bourne freestyles over his own beats and it doesn’t sound that great. The vocals are important as well. His Blowin Minds freestyle is a autotune mess. Chief Keek hook on the original song was just too good.
that’s why he world is moved by happy and sad occurrences.
and Pierre also removed the tweet, he probably was just too high when he tweeted that. he’s probably still battling over it and “there’s a chance I get 75% of the rights from Gummo”
the thing is that even remaking you need to pay the interpolation clearance. producers who do little processing on the samples are more exposed to the owners finding about it. I also produce and since the beginning I make the sure the sample I used sounds almost nothing like the original.
he’s kinda right. the album did good numbers but I mostly heard about it on internet boards. 4:44 and DAMN were on another magnitude. Plus, the Grammys are about popularity more than anything.
aesthetics
I can see that. I would be happy if he always rapped with the voice he got on Momma. But understandable he tries new things.
great for him, can’t for his solo stuff. His remix of Anitta and recent things might indicate he can still be relevant.
you need to put it in Mid/Side mode then lowpass the frequencies in the side. I don’t think this is that great of a solution but certainly better for cases when you don’t want all the signal being mono or stereo (ex: 808 frequencies under 150Hz being mono and every above in stereo). you can always just copy from plugin to plugin, I guess the save button works on both stereo and mono instances and saved presets are shared. no idea about Mono version AU sorry, I mostly use VST.
i’m the opposite, if it’s too good it’s worth sampling hehe when you sample it’s going to be records you like no? if you’re out there just sampling anything it’s great but I don’t think you’ll quickly get inspiration to process it and make a beat with it - since first you need to turn it into something you like and that can take time, it could make you uninterested in it.
You can also use the Spectrum preset for notes detection.
He gotta get Rooney on the phone real quick.
for a instant I thought they had a collab
you said this here but in the heat of the moment you probably would foul Neymar as well. if even on a 5-a-side things like this are worth of a friendly lunge imagine playing professionally. and people react differently, I’ve also seen players just go with their life after Neymar did this to them.
it’s like seeing all your peers banging their fiancés and you didn’t even send a text to anyone. Chelsea can’t fuck this up.
I always thought about this but I make music and the low end is already filled other sounds, especially bass. And most vocals need cleaning in those frequencies.
true but at the same time some kicks could need that fading. it’s all sound design choices
true, it’s this and the snap toggle in Simpler/Sampler.
had that scorpio goal happened now he would cost double of that
he probably knows but still looks like they just took him hostage to say it
true, worst shuffle I've ever used is Apple Music's. Spotify is a tad bit better but both suck.
not just him. Cardo, Yung Exclusive and CuBeatz these three been throwing hits like they change clothes in the past 3 years.
this was sounding like Real Friends Pt. 2
and Jeremih or The-Dream
genius is community driven. just like wikipedia
not WAVY
hi, this is 50 Cent.
no disrespect but it looks like nursery kids uniform
Love together
bitch ass
fucks sake Pennywise
Good old post Yeezus album rollout. I expect nothing and i’m still disappointed.
which Ye album?
if the album was really coming June 1st in streaming services it would be up 5/4 hours ago. now Kanye just didn’t turn it in obviously, probably is going to make more adjustments to it like he did on TLOP
I stole Ye.
lmao, really
I don't know bro, Tidal is the only streaming that goes really in-dept with tracks production credits.
even shutting rumors off Rocky is making double entendres.
that track sounds like a conversation between Frank, Snoop, French Montana and Rocky at the hotel plaza elevator. that's what I imagine every time I listen to it.
Riff Raff "praise" was basically all mocking, if we're being real. the man is a meme.
had it on shuffle and Come Back Baby to The Games We Play is also golden.
only songs I hear this happening was on Fukk Sleep and Kids Turned Out Fine... and is that a complaint how? I fuck with it, different songwriting and not the regular pattern all artist go with, it was refreshing imo.
since Lift Yourself obviously, a masterpiece.
looks like ipad + apple pencil
if Isaiah Rashad drops in June as well I can die in peace.
kanye new album name was in this same whiteboard all the time and we ignored it, I wouldn’t be surprised if “kids see ghost” ends being just “kids”.
it’s Mike Dean on a coke rap album with gritty lines and production, that’s his environment. Mixing was excellent and I wish people didn’t slander him constantly he fails, who doesn’t but truth be said the amount he has added to records over the 20+ past years is insane. I don’t even need to give two examples, just listen to the Devil In A New Dress tweaks Mike Dean did. Rozay, Kanye and Bink! came through but the outros and guitar harmonizing on that track elevated the song from fantastic to masterpiece in my books.
well may be not in a way that would seem legit since it was someone else’s idea and he said he loved it, plus the surgeon portrait. most people were already going with Love Everyone until Chris Rock said the name of the album.
nah Valee ain’t Ye kid, he’s just on his label. The thing is that everyone there are much closer, it’s almost like a group in the end. Roc Nation for example is the complete opposite.
he’s already blocked by Riff Raff
agree, it was basically Drake doing adlibs on the instrumental for me.
you’re right on this, I just wanted to put it as a producer myself perspective. Mixing is also very hard to get right, I’ve had many times to just ignore harsh sounding instruments because it fits the song better than anything I could come up with or mix technique to have it sounding clean. I always looked at it as a win-lose situation between good composition and bad mixing, the times you get it right for both consider yourself really lucky for that.
right, I buy a 2k+ 2016/17 Macbook **Pro** and I can’t connect my iPhone 7 nor my midi keyboard or 100% percent of the devices I have. Nice Apple. Here I go buying a 50+ bucks USB C hub... They should’ve really sell this one as a option, I bet they’d discontinue it after a few weeks.
that one with the hotline bling meme of “yes” for condoms/“nah” where they just photoshopped Drake out with the baby on next tile was just too good. here: https://reddit.app.link/rAYxp4Z1tN
Dam.
damn, I got some stupid questions I search on google lmao
No, I just want the live edit versions that Mike Dean does.
thru GTA Online, that’s how they all met.
Bang 3, Back From The Dead (1-3) man, spin these projects like, right now I also like his more recent stuff with Carti and the A$AP Mob. Thot Breaker ain’t that bad either.
Dexter Navy always got amazing shots, it’s ridiculous.
me too, it’s a shame because this song for example is miles better than Fucking Problema.
album is so good that I can’t even say which is the best song tbh, every day I like one more than the others
to each their own man, hearing it always censored on the radio at the time was frustrating too. to me it didn’t age well, Rocky got so much better singles.
DMX slander won’t be accepted
where are you checking? i’m using Tidal
too bad but it’s expected for the very first beta of iOS 12
true af, it’s hilarious
more like L-vated.
wtf i’m shocked at how Reborn is so good not gonna lie.
shit, I’m crying
where’s the response to Pusha T my dude?
it’s to reinforce the dad-son relationship bound they didn’t create when his dad did the race away from him and his mom
mans probably thinking to himself he just dropped the Illmatic of the one liners
The Weeknd been targeting pop listeners for 3 years now. Kanye is big but I can’t really say he’s been making these type of songs. Graduation was his last album that had high mainstream appeal.
6S here and I can just use the the dismiss while the opening app animation is playing. the X also got a better touch gestures recognition, plus much more snappy but yeah, this doesn’t seems to be that worthy if you don’t own an iPhone X. That or they’ll make the animations slower? Which I doubt.
Carti really changing the game with this one.
chill Adonis.
nah, if anything Carti has going for him is the replay-ability of his music. I can play it and Foreign and not get tired of either.
you’re on /r/webdev and you’re complaining about a API being in Javascript?
them boys not flexing the same
has Kanye ever not made a personal album? why isn’t it okay to discuss about his persona as well? it goes hand in hand with the projects he puts out c’mon.
it isn’t really an excuse. I like Kanye as much as anyone but it just won’t work like that. might just ask for instrumental version of his music from now on then if what he has to rap about shouldn’t be discussed.
Pierre and Carti a match made in lean.
I love you bruh
surprisingly it is normal for me after a few days. 6S here.
I simply didn’t answer because it seems logical to use JS. JS runs on any browser without installing anything else, simple as that. Making get/post calls would just be too redundant, how are you supposed to dynamically add and store the data that way into the embedded map instance? It would just require more work to do something the API already gives to you. plus, it looks cleaner to me than having a mess of GET and POST calls.
the bih adlibs crack me the fuck up
why cartoon writers like to slide in all these conspiracies clues in their shows.
that one player at the bottom is wearing that invisible cape
Been liking everything Smino does. Also theres a kid on YBN group named Cordae that I think can be something great if he plays the right moves.
so many memes came out of it, can’t believe the man actually had the audacity to really let himself go when everyone was looking at him grinding on a ass.
he just said “he gon get X to say the “ayyyyyyy” here “, might not be an actual feature - just the vox.
uh oh thats definition of stan
hardest line of 2018
win win win win (kdot adlib: yeaah win win)
well it mostly is ideas that get sent and if they like collaborate. it happens all the time.
Pusha needed to drop that 2nd volume while he had all the spotlight
depends, could have producers in the mix in there.
heard he better than that YBN Cordae guy, is it true?
i won’t finish the sen
best album of the year, do that now bro
Smoke 2049
thank fuck he didn’t ruin Tony Tone
lmao that’s insanity, couldn’t he just say the shoes aren’t his and he bought at some shop in his originating country? can’t believe they did that
Him or Vince Staples would suit like glove on this track. Rocky managed to ride it well with no feats here tho.
am I the only one that likes TESTING for how disjointed it is? I feel like chaotic and all over the place albums cater me more than albums where every track sounds almost the same (beerbongs &amp; bentleys for example).
https://instagram.com/p/Bj_cMm6FI8C/
I like it, now I can just move the cursor without having to select words.
double album is the new playlist
Kanye was probably looking with his big ass smile. Wish we saw footage of that moment
lmao Teyana album might just drop in two days if they keep the same pattern. Mike Dean probably going to hit the bong and sleep while mixing it.
I fuck with the new generation but we need to be honest at times. They show any lack of interest to freestyle.
bruh your eyes are tweakin fr
Tyler goes overboard though
it’s Germany.
Metro is retired, allegedly.
this is the song I replayed the most last summer, what a fire hook by Quavo. “Mike Dean you a living legend!”
now basic white girls can accurately measure my dick.
“aquela Trivela teleguiada”
this is Mike Dean post-production and Travis sound for a long time now, ain't no different than Rodeo or DBR sound. He's always had this sound going on for him (Skyfall, RaRa, Blue Pill. Left Cheek, etc)
other than that, Dubai Shit's kick drum actually is really loud, I can feel it in my tympanum.
interesting way to drop his Pusha T diss track
lmao the fact it isn’t even Rocky with Kylie’s sister. the audacity.
expect to hear more tracks like Glowed Up on this Kaytra said he was doing more trap production now
how u say that and don’t source us
The choppa is retarded
true man, I prefer to just call it testicular ache. torsion makes it sound gruesome af, kind of pain that would make you puke.
so, Scorpion?
Conpany &gt;
the only explanation for this is a double album? Taboo and NATION?
the dude is multi talented, he does everything. even production
Benched. *- OptaJuan.*
one of the hardest tracks of all time
yeah if you don’t think a good donation to Harvard wouldn’t see Travis joining the college you’re too naive.
Taylor Moon https://soundcloud.com/taylormoonmusic/taylor-moon-porcelain-tower https://soundcloud.com/taylormoonmusic/plasticblue
the point of these screens is just to appear like they are all screen and nothing else. Apple, Samsung or other brands don’t care about the useless space the notch or the hole introduce. I personally don’t like Apple’s silhouette with the notch but this Infinity-O displays are more bearable for me, it’s a matter of preference. I’ll wait to see how it looks with apps but so far it happens to look great and less distracting with background wallpapers than Apple’s iPhone X line.
yes they managed to optimize the hell out of it. but it’s normal, they have more talent and experience building these kind of applications than the Github team and contributors that work on Atom (and use low level language to work their ways around data processing speed)
yeah I don’t see why people say this album is way out there than the rest of his discography. right now Rocky backed down on the “swag lyrics” and added industrial and indie influences to his music, he’s still pretty much doing what we always knew him for except he didn’t recruit artists to put out a pop rap song. anyone who thinks Rocky couldn’t get Kendrick or Drake again and make the next Fucking Problems is just naive, I don’t care about club songs but well there’s always a market for everything. Speaking about that, Praise The Lord already is a hit song - what other Rocky album had two or more huge chart topping single? Rocky mostly appears on the Billboard thru features anyway.
Steve said many things. The company is going in a different path now, I know people like to boast about Apple principles but I personally cannot say these “guidelines” still hold a candle today.
that was one forced skit to promote the XR haha
the DOM is slow at rendering the amount of elements Atom has, be it UI or lines or code to styling, animations etc. Atom been fine for not that large files or projects. VS Code just did it more efficiently at handling large files, it’s still slow for some tasks as much as Atom, this correlated with them having better developers. don’t forget Atom extensions let te user hack almost everything about the editor, their Extensions API isn’t as limites as VS Code’s, performance problems increase with the more extensions you have.
it’s better than huge bold texts on pure white... can’t use Apple Music in bed at all without getting my eyes burnt
or they want more people using their services, thus making more people considering Windows as OS in the future (unlikely since they already got the monopoly on that) or they’re just being good bros for developers. Microsoft makes the best devtools, that’s a fact.
don’t leave Future and Gucci Mane out of this.
Kendrick Lamar - Momma Travis Scott - Impossible / High Fashion A$AP Rocky - Fine Whine Drake - My Side Future - Razzle Dazzle / Sorry ScHoolboy Q - Ride Out Big Sean - Halfway Off The Balcony / Stay Down
that makes two of us now also, you’re portuguese?
“when I turn my knob that shit wetty like i’m ...”
depends on the app, some apps reload their lifecycle quite frequently.
is glossy making a comeback?
apple is a hardware company...
eh their market share was never that big. I count with my hands the amount of Lumia phones i’ve seen in the wild since they released it.
YEEEES! OH MY GOOOOD! Skrillex is brostep king
why they want to make everything thinner ffs. the macbook pro feels like paper right now and they just don’t stop with this trend. one day these iPhones will throttle like the laptops, just wait.
Javascript APIs can retrieve phone models through user agent data, you never know haha
is it still a status symbol? anyone can get a brand new iPhone SE/6S or later for a minimum 200 bucks right now. and those are still capable phones.
I always keep seeing people mention XCode on the iPad but why would you want to develop on it? it doesn’t seem practical to me, they most certainly ship it with barebones features and you’d still need to spend on extra accessories to code properly on a iPad. what I can see happening is the iPad turning into a macOS machine once plugged into a external display and then you’ll be able to use XCode.
TESTING is the Blank Face LP of 2018, criminally underrated.
one of my favorite hobbies after finishing this game was finding new ways to steal the jet on the military base. up until I discovered you could fast switch characters to fix broken vehicles at least 25% of the times they managed to destroy my motor engine.
that’s how they been making their money.
Flume is my go to artist for music shivers. if i’m high those shivers are increased 1000 times. highly recommend if one is into electronic music
shoutout DAW gang
Wheezy killed it with the flute on Can’t Leave Without It
hard disagree bro, if anything the production is amazing...
hiphop beat are generally this way because vocals elevate them a lot. you can make them busy and full but not all artists can flow well on top of them and fill in spots.
and it’s blatantly copying Rocky’s flow on Distorted Records which is 1000 times better as a song.
you don’t even need Face ID for this. Samsung implemented this before.
Brotha Man is one of the best spoken word tracks i’ve heard from an hiphop artist, it sounds like a movie set in a restaurant plaza elevator.
isn’t this the girl who gets fucked doggystyle while playing PS3?
beat is hard af, sounding like some next level DnB and Trap shit
Kids Turned Out Fine sounds like it as well. in fact I believe most of Rocky’s discography is.
Carti is outdoing himself after every release
I got you man, enjoy your new toy. the tbMBP is one sexy laptop. lovely xmas for you and yours
my new 6s battery is at 88% and I already experienced a couple low power shutdowns. need to swap ASAP, the battery drops real quick idk what happened - either a defect on the charger/battery or iOS 12 acting up.
my 6S still runs fine everything and is more than capable for nowadays tasks. the SE has the same internals but no 3D Touch. i’d pick it, it’s the best bang for your buck iOS smartphone if you still like that form factor. like 250 bucks for a 32GB one, brand new
you know it’ll take at least 5 years for that to happen. if they still kept HDMI out, SD Card reader and 1x USB A port I don’t think people would complain too much. it’s ok to move onto better shit but at least phase it gradually. and imo the SD Card should never been stripped out wtf... Pro users with a camera need to buy a dongle just to manage their files.
since I heard that beat she produced for Jugger's ARC´Y BOYZ I'm having wet dreams of a collab with similar sonics.
drugs
agree, the 2016 redesign in Space Grey is really the most beautiful laptop i’ve ever seen. my problem with the touchbar is no touch feedback and the ESC key having all that margin, idk why they didn’t just put it at the very top left... whenever I wanna hit ESC i’m way more focused on hitting it right than what window I want to dismiss.
the Escape key needs to be placed further left on the touchbar screen, even tho you can press outside and it will still work, it makes me way too judgmental if i’m actually tapping the Esc key or not.
I wasn’t even stoned before and while watching this and can truly say my brain is already beyond fucked.
there’s just some movies you can’t really watch stoned, I still haven’t finished Get Out because of that. I can only get to the scene where the guy breaks down screaming to his fiancé and end watching there.
Flume’s track “Heater” is basically BTSTU “if Flume did it”.
would love to know what he thinks about Heater
I remember hearing from a hospice doctor that a large amount of people sent to hospices die within 48 hours. My grandpa was sent there and I believe it isn’t in their intentions to just say to your family what’ll happen once someone is installed there, they will at all times even say the patient will return home sometime soon which is highly unlikely for most cases. Privately some of my family did ask them to be blunt and to the point with it, yeah, grandpa would die in less than a week. His pancreatic cancer was in a stage that the best for him was to cease all meds and give him a painless death.
it’s as simple as giving us both options and a toggle for it.
A9 can still hold up very well another year or two. I think people underrate the leap it was when Apple announced the iPhone 6S. other than having a poorer camera and not enough processing power for ARKit (which most people don’t need) this phone is still very capable. and the 6S remains one of the most popular, it’s the one I see most people still rocking with no problems. I’ve had two since 2017 (one my friend that works for a reseller swapped it for a brand new and the second was basically just getting a new battery and it felt like new)
Microsoft been very open recently hopefully Apple does the same with the new services.
wow a stock calculator on the iPad, such a leap for the humanity
y’all are terrible
i’ve seen Apple Maps cars a lot in Lisbon, it’s coming for other countries i’m sure
with xID too this is big
iOS 13 is already a hit
it’s been redesigned
how about Offline Siri Apple
man I was hoping it’d be way different with the new name branding...
damn, iOS just like that became a meme now
damn I hope they announce unshaky is coming to 10.15
trypophobia in full force
they shat the bed with the 1k stand holy fuck what in the hell
4. get some sleep
I lived with not cropping the videos, it was just too much of a hassle to install an app to do that or edit on my pc
if the stand doesn’t come with StandOS I don’t want it.
we're on iOSBETA getting banned for links to be able to get beta software, truly a good thing right?
you get your iPhone and iPad management from the Finder and the Music app will work just like iTunes, what's to miss? it's better this way, iTunes is a mess.
I was hoping they’d duplicate the number of ports. why is more ports so hard to do?
the SSD upgrade prices will be interesting to see. thankfully they capped it at 4TB. if it was 8 or 16 this machine could very well go over 50k maxed out thru their store.
so is this IFTT like automations?
same as iOS 12 but in a bottom sheet
it could probably come in future versions as a option.
these and offline Siri really should’ve made it...
yeah but people don’t want a phone call blocking them from using their phone we should be able to bring it to the background while it’s still ringing
you need to get Mojave on VirtualBox.
open the libimobiledevice folder then press Shift and Right Click, you should have a open Command Prompt/PowerShell "in this folder". this because it seems you don't know how to use the cd/chdir command. you can also just copy the folder location in Windows Explorer (then type cd &lt;right click on console to paste&gt;). hope to have helped.
just downloaded a video to play with VLC in a breeze, idk why this wasn’t a thing since the conception of iOS Apple works in mysterious ways
no dawg, Rodeo is better than Astro but its just my opinion.
one of the most pathetic reviews i’ve seen too. it’s like they said now “this dude has nothing to say and the production carries him but well, he’s a house hold name now compared to when his first studio album dropped and yeah more popular than he was before so we’ll rate this new album higher just because”
[Light mode](https://i.imgur.com/U0I5pnY.jpg)
ok gotcha I was screenshooting my homescreen that’s why
it will probably be a HTML tag or CSS query media selector Apple has planned for websites that want to incorporate Dark Mode. should be the same as macOS Safari “prefers-color-scheme” that accepts { dark, light } as values.
Apple please, for regular calls as well.
it still feels really fast, wouldn’t surprise me if it makes iOS 14, unless they add more resource demanding functionality.
we’re not ready
since this man managed to rhyme “volume” and “hallelujah” I knew he was the truth. we’re not worthy to hear Monte and Smino on a track fr
just randomly insert the song on the shuffle without them knowing it is yours, if they happen to vibe with it that’s all you need really
others devices with a internet connection can broadcast your public key
you lucky, unlimited data is still foreign here in Portugal 2.5GB doesn’t even last me half a month at times
“could”. I get what you say but there’s not that much hardware Apple prices reasonably, even their hardware updates are marked up. See storage, they offer close to 2.5k laptops with 256GB of disk space. Upgrading to 512GB costs 200 bucks and 1TB 600, it’s insane money - I won’t even talk about a 4TB upgrade costing more than the machine. If you were able to, you could upgrade it yourself to 1TB for the price of the first SSD upgrade.
i’d like if Apple catered to power users though this is why they keep making the MBP less pro users oriented...
that’ll only happen if they get a touch based MacOS on it imo
nah it sounds, they’re just ideas this is exactly my process making music too, I usually just make short loops and get on the next one, if I happen to return to them or think about a chord progression/melody/instrument that could fit I go on to give it a proper structure and add more.
you probably out of luck and will need to jailbreak homie
and Madlib ain’t that big so most of the owners must be aware and not care. more chances Kanye and his label give you a good chunk because they made/are doing a lot of money with the song.
don’t forget the band isn’t just the vocalist.
Heater as well, the influence is just too strong.
they been hinting this for a year or so. hopefully it means they’re picking the songs for a tracklist and not just starting production.
I saw someone here saying the goat asked Quiet Bison to handle them a song a few days ago
2 months ago I set myself a plan and been seeing big progress each day. I split like 2 to 4 hours between really rigorous finger exercises (30min), learn songs (1 hour) - ending with quick chord changes without strumming just hover and tapping to build muscle memory. Practice going up/down the neck with scales to memorize the fretboard for about 30 min. The rest of the time is spent watching guitar lessons I added to watch later on Youtube and what I call therapy time: just mess around playing whatever chords or melodies my brain comes up with, both in fingerstyle or plectrum picking. Record something that sounds cool on Ableton and even tho I don’t own a bass I slap a bass amp from Guitar Rig on my guitar and create a bassline with E-A-D strings then build a beat around it. The thing about guitar is that it involves lots of muscle and patterns memorization, until you go thru everything and are able to play it without second guessing is the hardest part of the instrument.
Travis went extra hard on this verse. when I thought this track couldn't get any better.
In the beginning I felt like hit a wall in my progression, turns out I’ve been playing looking at my strumming hand way too much out of insecurity to strum a string I should avoid or the opposite. It took away from my ability to focus on the fretboard. you’re right, find what is setting you back and work on doing it right, then perfecting it.
any shop that sells these in reconditioned/B-list condition, think that would be safer
adding to this, IMPORTANT to get a clip on tuner to your guitar headstock it’s not really much about tuning the strings (you can do that with a app on your phone or a tuner in Ableton Live or Guitar Rig) but having a visual screen to see which notes you’re strumming helps remember notes by ear and as a fast way to know if you’re playing in key/scale/mode. I suggest the polytune tuner but anything will do as long as you like the note displaying.
you joke but I have a hard time finding country flags, this helps.
you’re required to be if you want to keep up in this very popularity oriented field. at least web development, other programming areas keep the same procedures and best practices for a long time.
yeah choose what u want those 6 months you spent with the acoustic guitar will do wonders - specially regarding finger strength.
he has a song called It Wasn't Me where he talks about that
agree it’s miles better than B1 on my 6S, I was getting less than 1h30 of SoT and the phone ran at really hot temperatures, even felt like some battery capacity reading bug.
lmao. say thanks to the people of /r/musictheory
goth boy Mr. Krabs, yes please
Hamburger Helper EP was heat, highkey
oh fuck just noticed he’s using iOS idk man may be it’s a beta version or a preference he changed
it be like that in almost every studio session
hopefully all banks adopt it asap
clutch thanks mano
it fit well in the song, idk why the hatred is that big fr
you’ll need to start improvising a lot more and learn more chord progressions, chord substitutions and cadences, melodies are just messing around until something catchy gets to your ears. idk what instrument you play but i’d suggest playing guitar, it unlocks a lot of experimentation and is a very expressive and sort of do it all instrument, different aspects will influence your tone and it’ll translate to anything else. basically you’ll need to get “in the zone” a good amount of times to come up with some nice stuff, don’t overthink too much and try to imagine the music you want to make. learning the most theory will help tho, create a list of theory topics and go over them while practicing your songwriting and you’ll get there. loop things a lot and keep stacking sounds really, you just got to practice a lot to reach that level. also I think a point that is really overlooked is just listening and composing other genres of music, you have no idea how much this helps.
Experimentation, even if you don’t know the theory, play random bits and stitch them together to make unique licks, riffs, chords and melodies. You can use a looper in a DAW or just record piece by piece layering sounds. I come from playing piano and it’s crazy vast how many different ways there are to express yourself with a guitar to not be able to make something good knowing the basics and a bit of the intermedium, you just need to practice countless of times and build a repertoire of techniques you know can be useful for you.
wish I could animate and make visuals like these, is a lot of crazy artifacts and visuals I see when i’m listening to Flume, especially when under the influence.
it’s rare the times but it lets “fuck” slip out.
do audio stuff lose price value that often?
made it look so easy. but well he been playing guitar for what, 25 years or more.
just watching the video where the police arrives at his house and damn, mental illness is seriously terrifying.
╜φ°⌂▌╫§╜φ°⌂▌╫§╜φ°⌂▌╫§╜φ°⌂▌╫§╜φ°⌂▌╫§╜φ°⌂▌╫§╜φ°⌂▌╫§╜φ°⌂▌╫§╜φ°⌂▌╫§╜φ°⌂▌╫§╜φ°⌂▌╫§╜φ°⌂▌╫§╜φ°⌂▌╫§╜φ°⌂▌╫§╜φ°⌂▌╫§╜φ°⌂▌╫§╜φ°⌂▌
holy fuck, I didn’t know this existed. I just orgasmed, he definitely should have release this edit
chrome got this as well, it’s under a browser flag
I find that if you point your ringer finger a bit towards the bridge you’ll be able to mute the high E. that or try muting with your pinkie if it you’re not using it.
the club should think about long term independent of the manager in charge.
don't stay doing chord changes for more than 15 minutes a day really, it's extremely boring and the time you spent is better utilized improving a lot of other areas. create or play songs that focus on using chords you're having trouble with. chord changes is mainly about muscle memory and takes a few days to set in, spending like 2 hours on 5 chord changes is a waste of time, the rest time is as important. the worst you can do as well is play at the speed of original songs from the beginning, slow down and increase speed gradually.
great, hang it close to your bed and you'll always pick it up trust me.
80% of the time I practice with my electric guitar unplugged, if you can make it sound audible for you when unplugged you're on a good path. gain from your amp most of the time masks your sloppiness. it's like a prettify switch.
100 gecs is not for me but Dylan Brady stays as a good producer in my books
I think I had this in the beginning but it was because my strings action was too high. With the strings closer to the fretboard I felt less dizzy.
Timbaland has classic hits, he isn't underrated at all man he simply doesn't get that many placements these days because he doesn't want to
damn this hit me hard, my cousin has the same condition as your lil friend but is 14 and can't talk much as well. He lives in the UK but next time he comes over for holidays i'll try introduce him to guitar or piano.
that's a sanitizer my man
most music is heavily drug influenced. sometimes it's a hard reach but in general drugs are often the cause of inspiration and creativity behind songs. music is filled with drug references left and right. the most cliché in songwriting is talking about love using drug references.
they all snorted 5 lines on that case and then Kanye told they would be credited
interesting that it's a different tuning but the shapes are the ones I use to play in standard tuning
tell us your soundcloud bro, i've been going back to this a lot would love to hear what you been making
you're not good enough "yet" if you're dedicated you'll make any guitar sing. buy the guitar if you truly like it, that means you're happier and more willing to play/practice.
the purpose of the metronome is to have you play in time, you'll get this idea when you notice that you basically don't even hear it tick on the downbeat. it's like it becomes part of your subconscious.
how long has it been since you replaced your strings? most of the time that should be the first thing you do. adjusting neck relief works but is only a temporary fix, old strings will buzz at some point. if nothing of this works you might have low strings action or consider replacing the nut.
time to give her some lessons then.
nah it won't, seems more like you do this by choice and that's fine, develop your own style. at least that's what I understood, your question is a bit confusing.
I need to analyze that bass solo asap it sounds so good in the context of the song
we just have to ask Kanye's cousin to steal his laptop
Jackson 5 - I Want You Back King Krule - A Lizard State Phum Viphurit - Hello Anxiety
I heard about him in a RL Grime remix of Skyfall. I wasn't keeping much tabs with hiphop at that time. I was really invest in edm trap. when I played Rodeo for the first time was november 2015, Antidote and 90210 was my go to songs.
for me it's a mix of knowing my octave and interval shapes well. once you memorize a bunch of them it's all about navigating as quickly as you can.
Bruno is a workhorse of a player, he'd instantly improve the team as well as provide us more going forward
yeah Piss On Your Grave is one of the best rock/hiphop singles i've heard. and obviously RATM music
me neither but she sure knows to make money with it
i'm here breaking two with the command + R. Woody better wrap it up fast.
sleep really, depending on how much fucked up you might be, people from outside will most rarely notice it and you act more normal than you might think, you'll just be a lil slow but it could well be passed for tiredness. I work with a coworker who showed up high to job 90% of the time, just two years later when I got to know him much more and smoke along with him that I finally know when he's high or not.
true, when I become a father i'll know when to advise my kid on his and others harm reduction, prohibition is never the right thing to do but passing experience and being comprehensive is important. you'd not want to be the one who has your kid spiralling into a bad trip as well, I respect that so much after having my friends incite on me thoughts leading to bad trips - if you do this shit you suck big time.
I don't really get as introspective as I used to when I started smoking less. I go through a joint in 2 days, two\~four deep tokes and I can enjoy weed that way.
for sure idk why we would loan Andreas when we're so short on midfielder options.
I have played this song on smoke sessions probably a hundred times. Ravyn Lenae vocals are heavenly.
well Pogba is the checkbook galactico signing
a good way to stay focused is to learn why a riff, melody or chord works and then give your own spin to the things you learn. not only you feel happy you nail a song but you also don't feel ashamed when you steal parts of it for your own songs.
is the star supposed to be the fretboard inlay.
play slowly and always think ahead of what you're currently playing to keep the rhythm going and cover the mistakes. mistakes are normal and most people won't notice but if you stop strumming for two seconds that's the flow gone.
one of the reasons why I didn't spend much time with easy songs is because I don't enjoy the voicing of open chords, so much that I really put up with barre chords since the first day I picked up guitar. now that I possess more knowledge to play chords in whatever inversion I want it made me learn all the cliches Bob Marley, Beatles etc songs a few months ago
that second episode is wild
right now? we been like this for years
hitting chord tones ain't that hard after you get used to where the intervals are on the fretboard - be it with interval shapes or visualizing intervals against the root. the hardest thing is having good phrasing imo. you'll sound great if you get to the chord tones against a certain chord but it's very easy to play boring that way as well. my licks repertoire is too short as well I have a hard time playing memorable riffs.
it doesn't take more than a week to know what chords you have in your disposal depending on your key... certainly they knew this, the rest was listening to what sounds good or not, everyone does that. edit: also if you know the intervals you can make chords in the spot, it's just about improvisation from there
perhaps if one likes the new rock dudes I recommend Tame Impala, Hiphop: Kaytranada's BUBBA or 99.9%, A$AP Rocky: Testing
perhaps you mean doing pull offs and hammer ons?
I feel like the G shape is just good to know when you want to do riffs or solo, it's a weird stretch shape and takes lots of time to get used to.
you need to articulate your arpeggio to fit in. it's very shape based. a minor third sits two frets back and a string down or 3 frets to the right. major third is increasing the same intervals by one. on the B string you shift everything one fret. after playing long enough you'll be seeing intervals almost instantly all over the neck.
I respect a lot artists who can get deep into improvisation while playing around others, I need to really get my mind almost empty to let myself loosen up on my guitar.
as long as you know the mode intervals/modes shapes and what scale degree you land on you can play the entire diatonic scale for a key on the fretboard, just visualize the root in different strings and you will never get lost.
chords within "CAGED shapes" are just fuller version of triads, often it repeats the 5th and root on other strings. if you know how to stack thirds it gets easier to build chords in the spot, you just have to think quick and trust your path. and account that from the G to B string you shift anything you was doing before by one fret because G to B is a major third opposed by the perfect fourth of other strings.
double bends and sustaining notes is important for phrasing as well, so is repeating notes and alternating the rhythm with how you pick notes. and slide back in pitch is something I need to practice more, I got too reliant on precise note slides by anchoring the thumb on the neck and just sliding one of the other fingers that sliding back is very unnatural for me.
depends on the chord and if you want to mute certain strings.
weed can have mild psychedelic effects as well. I be having lots of closed eye visuals after I smoke and listen to music.
depends on the game and your tolerance. playing FIFA high was really fun times for me
hasn't this always be the case, even with previous Windows versions? Every time I used Windows Photo viewer it took an absurd amount of time to load or load photos.
yup, had my no more alcohol realization end of last year after I blacked out (third time in 5 years) and arrived home without knowing how I managed to do it because I don't remember anything.
honestly think the reason why I still have trouble fretting and strumming on time after playing consistently 15+ h/week for a year is on that but: it's hard to constantly have it on unless you're doing drill exercises, at times it almost sounds like my brain successfully ignores the sound but overall it kinda bores me a lot to use the metronome. I prefer a thousand times to use a looper pedal.
I feel like there's way too much people who play instruments either for these performance tests or simply to play their favorite songs. Improvisation is one of the hardest topics in music. Sure you can play Neon or Little Wing so good that I think you've reincarnated John Mayer or Jimi but play me an original and we'll see how it goes.
i'd say it is a never ending process to fret properly, you keep learning new shapes all the time. don't even want to get started on improvisation and rhythm, put 3+ years of consistent practice on being proficient at those two areas.
if you can't hear the music that should be played next or you're not trusting your ears before you press your piano key/s or fret and strum/pick note/s on your guitar you won't be able to improvise to this level. good sense of rhythm and intervals help but it's all about going 100% with what your voice or mind tells you to do, if you can phrase it exactly like you imagined you're on the right path. of course being skilled theoretically will help start with a good foundation but if you don't know the ins and outs of your instrument you won't be fully making a connection mind &lt;=&gt; instrument unless your intuition proves right every time, the first good thing is that some times your intuition ends up sounding better than you thought and you build on that or not, starting another idea or not. the second good thing is that you got a root note to fall back on once your intuition starts failing or becomes hard to follow &amp; replicate. eventually you need to zone out a bit and just go with the flow, constant practice and you build an ear for what sounds right for each situation.
guitar timbre is very characteristic yeah.
&gt;(...) that we have to desperately buy players.
"oi Bruno, you want a shit in the morning mate?"
repetitive motifs create tension, that's just how we react to music? probably been a thing for centuries (or further than that) now.
for sure and I think Nothing That Has (...) from Lonerism is just as good too, underrated track.
much like me I also discovered him recently and after watching a video of him perform Lenny al El Mocambo
shrooms is a helluva psychedelic
yeah if you don't properly mute it is hard
chromatic minor or maj7/maj9 chords chromatic min7b5/diminished chords maj6 chords sound a bit ambiguous as well if you sustain chords for a long time or play arpeggios slowly you'll get that mysterious sound. don't forget reverb with long tail but that's more on production than theory. minMaj7, minMaj9 or 6/9 also sound good as the I or i chord
G6 chord this voicing on guitar sounds really good (32oooo) I almost never play a Gmaj open chord because this voicing just sounds like heaven.
Aeolian ii dim by far
i'd advise to only look at his stuff once you been around music theory for a good 2-3 years. there's lots of stuff that might fly ones head
CreativeGuitarStudio and Stitchmethod deserve to be more talked about
it depends, if I came to my introductory music theory class talking about how to play a Cmaj chord and 10 minutes later was explaining what a C13 chord is or what lydian dominant mode or superimposing scales or chord substitutions are i'd be scaring people away and confusing those who just knew what Cmajor chord was prior to the lesson. that's the vibe I get a lot from Beatos' way of teaching.
my problem with FL was how you need a screen with decent amount of resolution to display everything. Even with a 24 inch monitor I struggled to keep a workspace that worked for me. many windows popping and going hidden slowed my productivity and I found all that no-problem with Live since your instruments and plugins reside below for any track you switch to.
is there any footage of Peggy producing (showing screen et al)?
the crispiness of his drums probably just comes from good layering, in short, good sound selection.
please be Smino
yes, if your workflow is mainly resampling, quantizing, time stretching and warping you'd benefit a lot with Ableton Live. there's a reason why a lot of electronic music producers use it.
Virgil look like he forgot his lunchpack at his granny house
it's underrated because King Krule is indie he's amazing yes but not all indie artists have much buzz around them
tbh it did appear like that wasn't his 2nd or 5th time seeing that
socioeconomics always been the reason but well it stems from something. I wish we didn't have to still be discussing races in 2020, how many centuries will it take for this to end. It's really dumb how humanity created this but well that's our reality.
this song has me on the verge of tears a lot of times and that Mike Dean's guitar solo as soon as Rick Ross finishes his verse is orgasm in music form.
for Ableton users I [recommend this](https://patches.zone/max-for-live/pomodoro) so much, it's a timer to increase your productivity you could use a regular timer with google or your phone but having it bundled in the DAW as a plugin has a different feel
I suggest you to switch keys at least once or twice per week. don't stay relying on muscle memory. different keys call for different ways to see and do music composition
he's not happy that you interrupted
antes disso falta os senhores da conspiração de todo o mundo virem dizer que o Bill Gates tem mão nisto
that's exactly why I like it, as far as design goes Ableton is the most clean looking I know the others have many functions but it all looks like a junkyard
just noticed it is Robb Bank$ or looks really almost like him
I practiced 80% of the time unplugged on my electric, I always felt like gain/reverb/distortion masked a lot of my poor skills from the start.
mesmo sem sequer acederes ou teres conta no TikTok eles arranjavam forma de fazer track dos teus passos para fins de publicidade. maior parte das empresas de topo ligadas a internet o fazem, não há como prevenir totalmente.
what man, I find myself going for dissonant chord a lot more on guitar dminished and half diminished and other chord extensions sound amazing on guitar
what minor 9 voicings are you playing?
man talk about that! in the summer it's a nightmare to not corrode strings easily. I've managed to extend the strings life by keeping a towel to clean my hands and cleaning the strings with XLR8 but it only adds like a week to the strings life. during quarantine I've had strings unusable on week 2 of playing.
it went away after I logged in to Creative Cloud with another account.
weird because i've been feeding +48v whenever I track guitar with my Steinberg UR22mkII audio interface for the longest and it definitely makes the signal hotter.
you're ruining the joke
thought Charli XCX was collabing with Skrilli for a second
Juelz slowly shaping his way to the legendary tier
Squier Bullet Mustang, other than not having much sustain it's a beast. My first guitar as well.
Julian Lage, pretty much every video I've seen &amp; heard of him playing guitar left me loss for words
how is it possible? recently I installed AE to learn during quarantine but without using proxies and turning the preview quality a lot it hangs and runs slow pretty much every time. I also got the 2015 15inch MBP.
this sounds like the music of my early teens mixed up with a Latin music and I love what i'm hearing.
Billie Eileesh and Clairo subs are trash because of this too
I guess that was an error? unless he goes from a point of view that every major chord he teaches on that book is by default a maj 7th chord. anyway would be weird to teach jazz theory without explaining how chord extensions are formed but well I didn't read the book but that's what I understand from the quote.
quem se deu ao trabalho todo de fazer blur nas placas todas? isto não é um familiar teu OP?
Baauer is so much more than the Harlem Shake guy, he been one of the top faces of edm trap for almost a decade
yes those are neat tricks. I never stressed with memorising because figuring out the notes takes me like 1 or 2 seconds by using know note names + interval shapes using primarily E-A-D and G as reference. take into account that the G string is the same as the A string but two frets back and that you shift everything on fret on the B string and that's enough to cover everything. worth more than memorising the note names is memorising triads/triad inversions and interval shapes, know where your chord tones are and it opens a lot of doors. when you're improvising unless you know every note or chord that belongs to a scale it's far easier to just know where your major 6th or flat 3rd, major second (and so on) is than recalling the note you'll jump to, plus, the chord tones apply to all scales.
oh fr? I've been using like 5-6 plugins and two-three return tracks to emulate the presets 🤔 isn't that how people use RC-20?
phrasing. my mind knows what to do but my technical skills are not up to par and it's frustrating.
yeah I kind of just assumed during this quarantine that I need to actually set the metronome up and play these hard riffs or licks or do scale runs in time in different rhythms if I want to progress. Unless you're wiling to take on the things that are out of your reach you will reach plateaus way too often.
either mute with fretting hand or reach with your strumming hand closer to the strings, if you palm mute just a tiny bit you'll mute the noise.
you also have the option of using thumb over the neck, it's an option that not just works for muting but for some chord shapes and changing a bass note, things you might learn later on.
oh man you don't know what you got yourself into. but anyway learning that song will improve your rhythm sense tenfold.
Tom Misch, his songs are fun and leave a lot of space for improvisation in that register.
i'm suffering from the same problem, my strings don't even last a week in hot weather, makes it hard to do slides when the strings are rusty. no amount of cleaning with fast fret or cleaning paper will do too.
anyone saw the Big Sur title?
they need to do it like this from now on
this man is the coolest in the company
lmao they delayed the announcement on purpose
they keep bringing stuff from mac without actually making it a mac...
apple is anti-covid19
macOS looking fucking sleek
they made this keynote look like The Incredibles 3
that's a Mac Pro tho we'll see how it does with MBP and MBP Air but it looks smooth.
buy it now man, by the time you get that ARM Mac the chipset probably has matured well enough
there will always be people bitching but it's "positive bitching" if you wanna sugar coat it. it's feedback that is needed anyway and holds extreme value. getting a Dev account to be able to install it is already a big hurdle that more than half of the people interested in the dev beta probably won't jump.
yeah as much as I love MacBooks, there's absolutely no reason the fans should be going at full speed watching a Full HD movie.
they are reserving all the goodies for the september event with the new hardware. wouldn't make much sense to go over all the specifics in a software + developers focused event.
i'd watch for future Safari Technology Preview builds or future Big Sur betas. doesn't make sense why those devices got it and not macOS Safari
it looks like the previous iteration with a little blend of skeuomorphic design. it looks weird because we aren't used to see this these days, I like it more than I dislike it.
I didn't like the new sounds, specially the move to trash/delete sound.
same here
Ableton Live (10.1.15) crashes if you open a saved project with the audio engine on.
I tried 5 new recent 4K videos that have the AV1 coded and none of them worked.
if you want to be a good lead and rhythm player you'll need to start incorporating little riffs between chords, the secret to do that is a lot on silence between the two parts. could be hard to understand what I'm saying but practise with a drum loop or with a metronome. you have to play things in the right timing for it to sound musical, plus, slow down a lot, playing something slow and gradually speeding it up is how you play anything clean when you upped the speed 2x or 4x times.
yeah, things actually move slower in certain areas. If this was like web development you'd have people stressed to adapt to new self proclaimed standards like every single month.
is that Final Cut icon already active? I still have the old one
changing user-agent doesn't allow to watch 4K videos as well
I seriously doubt much people will be accessing that menu since you can drag the items to the menu bar
that could be it yeah
yeah adobe already updated theirs, they knew.
it definitely speeds up the process but not everyone can get a personal teacher, it comes with a big cost. theory shouldn't be seen as wizardry, I've seen plenty of people absorb so much once they learn the chords that are available to them in a major or minor key and how to construct chords and scales which is the basis of all of the rest. Once you memorize that it's only about having practising as much as you can and learning at your own pace.
x:4; y:3 is so fire
the only way I can see VST in a "browser" is with Electron but at that point you already shoot yourself on the foot. the amount of optimization necessary to draw the UI would leave the DAW struggling. Something you don't want in a application that prioritizes having the lowest latency possible playing audio. it's wasted time, you're better doing it all native.
it's shit art
I've been playing for 2 years and to be honest I still dread playing the D maj/D minor chord on the first frets it's a zone where the tension of the strings is against you big time.
you're lucky because that high E is adding a 6th that isn't necessary in a major chord unless you want a maj6 chord. it took me a few months building muscle memory to not play the high E.
the pandemic seems to be "over" everywhere. I doubt there will be another lockdown if it really gets bad and grim. this is how it will go until a vaccine appears and distributed worldwide.
entertainment, meta discussion and the fact that it's a place (youtube comments) that gathers people with love for a determinated artist or music genre, but most of the time it's people with memes. basically Reddit subs, but here we have more serious discussion.
I hate to be sucking RL's dick but that GoGo edit is a certi. dinger
this seems to come for Trash 2 spot but not at 150 bucks that's a guarantee.
my LEDs illumination don't even react to clapping let alone having something in my house that is interacted with va NFC. y'all living in the future or wealthy af
já devias saber que para qualquer assunto que vire logo para a política os mods do Reddit actuam logo, e isto é para qualquer sub, até um sub que fale de tijolos ou batatas. É impossível discutir política aqui, até parece que é uma aula que é a alínea a) de como ser moderador de um sub. No entanto quando é para moldar a mente das pessoas face a um assunto são os primeiros a faze-lo e dar o suporte para tal. eu sei se a manifestação do Chega é algo mau mas não preciso do moderador do sub a remover posts a volta do assunto para entender.
tbh it's pretty much impossible to not have info leak on the first Mac ARM processor lots of people will bit the bullet if Apple actually delivered a good product it'll end up being good publicity
rm rf
that's one of the main reasons why I can't stand developing on Windows, most apps simply don't render smooth fonts. Windows got nice dev tooling but in certain areas they could do a lot better, they seem to acknowledge developers now with the new terminal, being involved on open source projects and supporting bash + WSL so they're on the right track.
seeing this makes me think piano simply wasn't for me. I have been playing piano for 3 years before I bought my first guitar and within a year I played and learned/understood way more about theory than I ever did.
Compensate for my poorer choices with good rhythms it's crazy how rhythm ties stuff together.
it's a crime that Travis didn't have a proper verse on this.
nah, why bro
I believe the best way to do that is to tell a story. the term tell a 'story' doesn't make sense right now but imagine the lyrics as notes and try to phrase those notes as close as to what your ears and mind are saying. now this is extremely hard to do but start with small phrases on the pentatonic shapes you know. the exercise consists of singing the lyrics and replicating it on the instrument, the term is called scatting. You might see some call it ear training, others will say audiation. soloing is really hard specially when you don't know which chords are playing at a given moment, it can be trained but don't go thinking it's an easy task. Pick random songs and start scatting or whistling melodies, with time you develop your skills. and learn licks, licks you learn will help you develop your call &amp; response between two phrases.
