Balls of steel
What a time to be alive
Wat
Hypothetical and ridiculous.
I'm convinced apple just tosses a bunch of Asians in a pit and if they invent anything special they drop a rope and let that one person climb out.
Someone has penis on the mind.
Better chance of a spine in October
YouTube is a shithole anyways.
Rude, but also true. Government won't do shit. John Ridsdel and Robert Hall were held hostage and beheaded while Justin said we won't negotiate. Honestly, piles of countries negotiate and pay. It's not about encouraging kidnapping, it's past that. Pay them, and send JTF2 and the air force to bring the rain. When pirates capture a ship from Saudi Arabia, they pay them, then when the pirates release them, they fly gunships in fuck them right up when they make landfall. Honestly, these kinds of people need to ask the question "if I do this I may get paid...I also may get my entire village blown up"
Agreed
It also means the camera man was standing right beside the trapped puppy while filming her parking the bike.
Oh fuck, it's like someone dropped a million pounds of feels all at once.
Reddit did good
That's a choice butthole
Need a pixel NSFW sub
What is the problem? Clearly it is or has rained, and everyone in Ottawa knows : Water = exempt from road rules.
Fuck this
That was great.
When this thing goes on, there are ads on every TV, and every channel on the radio is pumping ads. Every billboard in the city advertises it....and my social media gets hammered by ads. I always figured if they just donated half the advertising budget, it would be a bigger donation.
Just wait. Closer we get, Trudeaus secret weapon will be unleashed. It's super sneaky, but I know what it is. Get this. Right before the election. Trudeau will..... Drumroll.... Call Scheer "Stephen Harper"
Wait, isn't most ridings conservative?
I just moving to a freesync screen and I honestly feel like I wasted years of my life without it.
Ugh, this article reads like it's written by a high-school moron.
Both of them. The teacher was being a twat aswell.
I think once they cover their faces, they no longer represent pride, just thuggery. Same for the other side. Neither helps their cause by acting like shitheads
Alberta is always on fire, it burns every year. If you're one of those idiots who thinks forest fires are from global warming, don't bother replying to me with that garbage.
No, wait. My bad. I read your post wrong.
But it's the CBC, so who cares.
Speaks to how shitty the Dems offerings are.
I donno. I play at 3440x1440 at 100hz on ultra settings....
Yah, I have seen finger tattoos vanish after 3 months.
Just wait until you find out that Canada spends big money to out up signs on African beaches informing people it's not ok to shit on the beach. https://i.redd.it/63cp3h64tg011.jpg
$740,000 to break a contract they never should have signed up for. Ottawa city council....they sign anything you put infront of them.
Men who file human Rights complaints probably uses purses. That was in bad taste.
I hope they build it out of cardboard juice boxes
Trump has a higher approval rating.
Expert? Not anymore
Truth. Ribfest and poutinefest always end up paying money to wait in lines for expensive samples size portions of food.
I'm jewish anyways, so pork ribs are a no-go sample size was referring to poutinefest. Ribfest is a laugh aswell, as someone else pointed out, the booths are owned by the same company, the awards are fake, its just marketing. but hey, power to those who like it
Mavs
No one gives a crap what he drinks from. Its a gaff because the moron can hardly use words.
Friends don't let friends read Vice.
Possibly. I would hate to think he's actually that stupid.
The optics are terrible. I'm with Ford, but holy shit, this has been a bumpy first year. He has to get his shit tougher or the NDP are gonna have a majority next time around....and then we are fuuucked
Looks good
Second
So?
No. I backed the game from the start, and when they announced the planetary landing expansion, and it's cost...all features they promised would be a part of the core game, I really fell off. I tell myself I would get back into it at some point.
I remember seeing it opening night. I must have been 13 and it changed my life
Best part is how these guys basically make themselves weaker.
Free nap
That's the most Kyle shit I have ever seen.
Found the store clerk.
I'm gonna add that good for him for doing his own tweets. With many politicians Twitter's are run by others and paid for by us. The Canadian minister of health was using $100k of our money to have someone tweet for her 50 times a month. $167 per tweet.
Nothing like an Indian trying to do Japanese accent.
I mean it's been a shitty year.
I swore off HBO after thrones, but Chernobyl bought them some time....I guess I'll have to reconsider for this.
I honestly wish politicians didn't use Twitter.
Zing!
Not to union crap here, but I think alot of these issues are ignored because it means they have to battle it out with the union. The union defends its members as they should, but holy shit, some of these big unions....going after an employee for bad behaviour is a monumental task. People need to treat others better. And management needs to be held, and keep others accountable. Unfortunately that's not the age we live in. Being a whistle blower is often professional suicide. Just look at the federal government and Jody Wilson-Raybould.
I don't know how true that is, but the optics seem that way. Regardless, I'm sure the thought of even small issues turning into massive union battles keeps many issues in the dark.
In my city of Ottawa there is this group of them pretending to be refugees from Syria. One came up to my car, said she was poor, starving and needed money to get her kids out of the war in the middle East. I asked her why she had brand new sketchers and a coach handbag. She swore at me and walked off. I did my shopping and was leaving the lot a few hours later and I saw her walk to an idling escalade. 2 weeks later j spotted her and a few others at another mall. Sure enough, idling escalade. Fuck these people. The only pan handlers I give to are these two old guys that are always on the highway ramp. Not that I'm sure that they are legit poor or not, but because they walk up and down that ramp and pickup every strand of trash. Two cleanest parts of the city.
Seems to be the case
LoL, holy shit. That's fuuuucked
Haha
Oh god. I don't give a shit what Stephen Colbert, Fallon, or fuck me, that insufferable John Oliver. It has no business being on the trending pages when their shows get ratings on par with Canadian baseball.
I used to have that generation so it's not about performance for me. The 17 Raptor is my most used vehicle.
By that logic anything but the 599 xx e is a waste of time. I used it in the trials, it's a neat car. Have a downvote
Gonna catch downvotes on this, but the carbon footprint for these electric cars is massive. Battery production is unfortunately extremely energy intensive and terribly toxic. Not to mention disposal at end of life....and let's face it, so many EVs are just getting their power from dirty sources. Way of the future, but I think it's not accurate to say they are eco friendly....yet Nice paint though. Great photo.
The last RTR mustang they put out tunes to over 1,800bhp. Not easy to control, but there are tunes that make it great in drag, drift or track. I use my RTR all the time, but with that much power, it's really easy to be racing and end up skipping sideways through a field two towns over. I use race setup on the festival drag strip and its a blast
Gorg
Epic
I'm curious what powerline loss factors into this. Depending on range, powerlines loose is between 8 and 15% efficiency. Combustion engines make the power they need right there. If I had an EV, the electricity i would be putting into it travels at least 100miles to the nearest natural gas generating station. I know power plants are incredibly efficient....but still
At the light. A true mad lad Imabadass
Huge balls
Have you not seen the Ottawa wing car? https://images.app.goo.gl/rdCccPs3RniKBTFt5
Drink monster, punch drywall
Gangster
They do. He goes to the horse track and he leads the racers out
I agree. Fuck gun control
Idiot.
No, but he is my spirit animal
Until October. His abhorrent treatment of women, while pretending to be the world's biggest femanist has not worked out well for him. Same for minorities, the poor, first Nations.... And the corruption. People see him as this Messiah of SJW selfies....but for 2 years now, he would have killed for Trump's approval ratings. Man, what a disaster he turned out to be.
McLeod is an asshole. McKenna is a vapid moron. Terrible comparison.
Are you seriously telling me that he didn't win everyone over with planking, selfies and fancy sock?
You mean drink plastic from box water?
Fuck antifa
He built it in subsidized homes, at a job he/she refuses to do, probably on an education we paid for.
Agreed
He basically purchased a pipeline that same week, a pipeline that his government financed protests against.
I used to room at a fancy place in Almonte Ontario and Leonard Lee himself would come and cut the grass. They also have a shop that makes ultra high end medical and dental tools. My dad is a pattern maker and has piles of lee Valley tools. We had some custom made aswell.
Even Canada, with our reputation of being lax on our classification of"terrorist", classified this guy as a terrorist.
I have seen what the inside of her butthole looks like. Her terrorist loving opinion means nothing to me.
You tell me.
Hey, I'm not telling you how to do your job as a weapons inspector.
Israel will be the first to feel the blowback. Makes sense. Canadian opinion: Congress seems so upset that I wouldn't trust them to not warn him.
cool
&gt; The US is the aggressor here. Soleimani has been fueling attacks against America for ages. Hell, Iran has been fueling attacks against countless countries, mine included. He has the blood of many Canadians on his hands.
I don't really give a shit how it balances. This whole "terrorists are kinda bad, but America did X" is fucking weak. Ill make sure to mention to the mom of my friend who was killed by an IED that its just balancing out the dirty deeds of our southern neighbors. Abu Sayyaf, backed by Iran, beheaded two Canadian hostages in the Philippines...but no, checks and balances. The pudding has spoiled.
Canada, our PM champions climate science, but it stands for nothing. They set targets and fail to meet them. It's just a pony show for the most liberal, progressive government in the world. We had our massive wildfires, there is a company here that has the biggest waterbomber in the world, our PM refused to call on it. Refused to call on American support. In parliament the opposition flayed him for refusing, despite being the worst fires in decades, he smirked in response. Oil in Canada is a reality, and pipelines are the safest way to transport it. Our PM used public dollars to finance groups to protest and blockade construction. He marched with Greta against climate change, on how oil is evil...later that week he spend billions and purchased the pipeline for the government. My point is that climate denier or climate champion, it's all just a fucking show.
Our neighbors are came to Canada as refugees fleeing the war. They went back a week ago to visit family. They said they saw celebrations for his death. Currently waiting on a flight out because they are now Canadians and would be a target.
This is what this sub is for.
Amen
Had some friends go up to work the sands during the boom. It's bust now, whole region is in economic divebomb
&gt; Mr president, the guy who organized the attack on our embassy 2 days ago, aswell as being behind countless attacks on American and allied troops, he is landing in Iraq where we have authority to take military action against terrorists. Yay or nay I'm Canadian, lost friends in action to terrorist groups backed by Soleimani, I'm glad they hit him. And if Iraq wants American out, go for it. Pack up and leave. I'm sure the Sunnies and Shiites will do fine.
Canadian opinion fallowing, I'm old enough to remember when 16 year old Abdulrahman al-Awlaki, an American, was killed by a drone strike in Yemen (without legal authority) ordered by Obama, without Congressional approval. When he droned a Doctors Without Borders hospital...or multiple weddings... The irony of the whole situation is you Americans think this is something new to Trump, or that you Democrats wouldn't fuck things up too....news flash, you're all fuckups. Stop pretending you're saints. You Democrats are just as fucked as your Republicans. Until you realize that, you will be forever fucking the rest of the world. You think it's a republican problem, it's not, it's an American problem.
Guy had a trailer on it too. Good times had by all.
I redownloaded after a 2 year break, got sweet fuck all.
No, he spun tires for a good 10min before I stopped watching. He was bottomed out, you could hear the bottom scraping. He was gone when I checked an hour later, so I assume he got towed out.
I just wish people stoped using celebs as moral prophets.
I think most people in Hollywood are vapid assholes. Joaquin Phoenix seems like a real dude.
An award show where a bunch of ultra wealthy superstars all pat eachother on the back and tell them how amazing they are, then proceed to tell us, how we need to be better.
That was fucking incredible
Might be something to this game.....I got my day 1 refund 2 years ago.
I donno, I see people posting photos of Leo with climate change quotes all the time. Everytime someone makes an acceptance speech, the sheep on facebook all plaster that shit around like its avocado toast.
&gt; I don’t know what Canada has to do with this. The majority of the Canadian troops and civilians killed by terrorists have been connected to the QUDS Force. Just an imaginary line on a map. &gt; your country is 1,000 times more peaceful and respectful of human rights than we are. You don't know much about Canada. &gt; you follow us blindly into stupid wars like sheep for some reason. We share interests in the middle East. Technically you followed US in WW2 against Germany. We joined the European conflict when Germany declared war on England in 1939. You guys, not until 1941.
Ok boomer
So you're upset about a technicality. Gotcha. Personally, as someone who cares about peoples lives more than buildings.... I mean, the last time we had a fight, the white house burned.
Terrorism is
Sure, whatever you say. It's an echo chamber of liberals jerking eachother off to how mean the little blue man is.
Wasn't where I was going till I saw your post. Googled his net worth. $130 million. Impressive. A million is still a pile of money.
I have read a bunch of articles about dozens of people being blamed for intentionally starting the fires. They are citizens, so Australia could extract as much as possible from them. How much do organs go for these days?
Orbital hate cannon of all humanity.
What was the cost to the green new deal?
Nothing we need more than an unopposed Liberal party. The beacon of integrity.
Rona or Lisa would be ideal. Pierre does good for his riding. I enjoy watching him in question period, he calls out the Liberals and none of them can stand up to him in a debate. Its embarrassing. But no for PM.
How is this news? This is how tariffs work. That's not to say it doesn't work. It hits the consumer and hits the competition. In the end you hope you can outlast and come out on top.
You know what's smart? Shooting missiles at the most powerful nation in human history. This is definitely going to end well for Iran. I'm sure Iran will have all kinds of allies turn to their side, especially after spending the past 2 decades funding terrorist attacks against countries like France, The UK and Canada. S M R T
Canadians as well.
It's almost like attacking a US embassy was a bad idea.
Wait, I thought Trump was Russian.
The fuck is wrong with you
No one is forcing Iran to attack the USA or anyone else, but hey, its what they have been doing for decades.
Iran attacked their embassy.
ok
no nukes
Reasonable to assume if there is a panic to GTFO, they may skip on safety checks or knowingly take an aircraft with issues. People who think they are at ground zero probably would take their chances.
8:21 pm EST - 02:21 CET FAA with three NOTAMs banning US operations (US air carriers, US-registered aircraft, licensed airmen) over Iran, Iraq, the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman &gt; A notice to airmen (NOTAM) is a notice filed with an aviation authority to alert aircraft pilots of potential hazards along a flight route or at a location that could affect the safety of the flight.[1] NOTAMs are unclassified notices or advisories distributed by means of telecommunication that contain information concerning the establishment, conditions or change in any aeronautical facility, service, procedure or hazard, the timely knowledge of which is essential to personnel and systems concerned with flight operations.[2] NOTAMs are created and transmitted by government agencies and airport operators under guidelines specified by Annex 15: Aeronautical Information Services of the Convention on International Civil Aviation (CICA). The term NOTAM came into common use rather than the more formal notice to airmen following the ratification of the CICA, which came into effect on 4 April 1947. Notices to airmen were normally published in a regular publication by each country's air authorities (e.g., in Flight magazine in the UK).[3] A number of developments and amendments to the CICA have resulted in the more automated system available today. A NOTAM is filed with an aviation authority to alert aircraft pilots of any hazards en route or at a specific location. The authority in turn provides a means of disseminating relevant NOTAMs to pilots.
My wife has been texting with her friend whos husband is with the Canadian armed forces at Erbil. She said her husbands base was hit, but all Canadians are safe.
Iran is not opposed to killing their own people on purpose. In December president Hassan Rouhani ordered the military to crush protests. Reports are 1500 executed, including 400 women. Soleimani was reported to be in charge of the killings.
In December president Hassan Rouhani ordered the military to crush protests. Reports are 1500 executed, including 400 women. Soleimani was reported to be in charge of the killings. Iran seems like a bad time.
Lots will be forgotten. People have already forgot about the protests last month, where the Iran government had 1500 people executed, 400 of them women. **Fifteen Hundred**
Nothing really. Iran telegraphed that they would attack, so they had no reason not to shut down their airspace. Lets say they did shoot down their own plane by accident...Their big flex, massive retaliation, killed more of their own people. Total clusterfuck.
It's public knowledge
Because it takes a special kind of evil to round up and shoot women in the head.
It's not. But ok. Perhaps us Canadians do things differently.
Absolutely. But some people are old fashioned.
Not sure if sarcasm. Very, very few shootings in Canada are with legal firearms.
The flip side is there are people who's first reaction is to take guns away from legal owners. It's a relevant part of the situation, or do you require everyone to preface any side issue by reposting "thoughts and prayers" first?
It's not time for a Gatineau spring cleaning yet...
Noice
Bad taste dude.
You do realize 2 days before the guy had your embassy attacked right?
Iran, under Obama, was using proxies to kill Americans and other western nations citizens. The fuck you on?
Technically a missile could cause mechanical failure....
I'm not sure how much that matters. Just in December the government had 1500 Iranian protesters executed.
I keep seeing 1500 as the number. Honest question, what do you see as a solution? If your Government needs to go, and you're unable to do that internally..
They are killing thousands of their own anyways....like literally a month ago.
Objection, speculation.
And 100% of the time people jump to ban guns. Your point is stupid.
The fifteen hundred people murdered by the Iranian government last month hardly hit the news cycle. I would bet 90% of the people posting don't know about it. FFS, 400 women shot in the head... Trump derangement syndrome is a thing. Trump clashes with Iran, and people are flocking to stand up for Iranian leadership. These same people slay Trump for being some homophobic monster, and yet (correct me if I'm wrong), but homosexuals are hung from cranes in Iran. I assume your Iranian? What's your lowdown on Soleimani? I'm Canadian and we classify the QUDS Force as a top threat terrorist group. My interpretation is the guy was a monster. Edit: Ty for silver. Ty for the Gold.
Problem with that whole statement is you talk about them like they are unified. Iran has been attacking the west by proxy for years, and through that, they also have attacked Canadians.....hoping we will turn against our military industrial complex?
Perhaps. We have it in Canada and it's bankrupting us. My province of Ontario, healthcare costs us more than everything else combined, and it's increasing at an unsustainable rate. And while it's got it's benefits, we don't have pharmacare, so we pay for much of our meds, and dental care is excluded. Not to mention wait times are vicious. Emergency rooms, like anywhere, can have brutal wait times, and surgery such as a hip or knee replacement can take years. It's far from perfect, and many people suspect it's going to hit crisis levels in the years to come. FYI, the healthcare percentage of my taxes will have cost me from 18-50yrs old, over $200,000. And I still pay private insurance on-top of that. Universal healthcare should be the way, has the potential to be great....but it's a balancing act that doesn't take much to have it go off the rails and come crashing down.
You missed the rallies in cities like Toronto I guess.
No problem Wiki has some quick info https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2019%E2%80%9320_Iranian_protests
No, but I think it's unusual for women to be mass murderer like this. Men get killed in these numbers all the time. I'm not saying one life is more important.
I also post in hardcore anal subreddits. Don't like people speaking outside of your echo chamber, get the fuck off the internet.
My country calls him a terrorist and was on our capture or kill list. You can call him whatever you want, dress it up however you want, I don't care. Not do I care for you pretending to know what Trump was thinking or his motivations for it. Waste your speculative bullshit on someone else.
We had pro regime rallies in Toronto...
Any source to that? It's been reported Soleimani organized the attack on the embassy and was meeting with the local leader of said group, confirmed by the fact that the guy was killed in the same drone strike.
I post in alot of places. But you can use whatever reason you want to devalue my post.
I use the term TDS because I feel it accurate describes many people's behavior, such as you reacting in TDS manner to me using the phrase TDS.
With cranes? https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9557897/iran-executions-cia-spies-death/ https://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/sep/16/iran-public-executions-hangings-human-rights https://www.dw.com/en/iran-defends-execution-of-gay-people/a-49144899
Human nature is a terrible thing sometimes.
Thanks.
&gt; Man kills 18 children. Or &gt; Man kills 18 people. Technically the same, but very different. I don't know what else to say. If your bothered by it....I'll have to live with that.
What if he cured cancer? Kidding, don't bother answering, I don't really care.
I guess I'll have to live with your disappointment. It's gonna be hard, but with counseling, I'm sure I'll be ok.
17 were teenagers. But if you're bringing up the fact that I signaled out the women, don't bother, it's been said a dozen times.
I can't throw support behind someone who isn't my head of state. Dumbass
Seems so.
&gt; Yikes. I know someone who didn't care when ISIS destroyed museum and piece of history pre-dating that petty US civilization. I know someone who doesn't care to acknowledge the difference between talk and actions. &gt; destroying history site is quite literally a war crime. On the list of war crimes, I rank it below....ones that result in human deaths. Hate me for it, I can live with that.
You sound upset. You should take a walk, get some fresh air.
Thanks friend!
Whats your problem if its both that you would continue this pointless string for so long?
Because it is trivial. 1500 people were executed and no one gave a fuck. But you mention they shot 400 women in the head and people take notice. You are more upset that I pointed out the number of women killed, than you are that the atrocity happened. And here I was thinking we could be friends :( Ill honk the next time I see ya
Unfortunately, the regime has demonstrated that the well being of its own citizens seem to be of little concern. In December, the Iranian government had over 1500 protesters executed, including over a dozen teens and 400 women.
Kevlar reinforced engines specifically designed to not do that. The 737 800 is an extremely safe aircraft. This one was just 3 years old. but anything is possible.
&gt; why would Iran shoot down a plane full of Iranians??? In December, the Iranian government had over 1500 protesters executed, including over a dozen teens and 400 women. Iranians are not opposed to killing their own.
Whats next? People speculating in an online forum?
Our friends went back to Iraq a week before Christmas to visit family.
Naw. Even if they did shoot down the plane(I bet they did), its going to be nearly impossible to prove it wasn't an accident. I would be hugely embarrassing to the regime. They are about image. Their missile attacks for example. They warned Iraq before, and Iraq in turn warned coalition forces, who took cover. If Iran wanted to kill Americans, they could have. But they made a small scale assault, killed no one. But they can tell everyone they stood up to America, and America doesn't have to hit them back. They both backed away, both come out winners. Iran got to flex, and Trump offered them an invitation for peace and making a new deal. As fucked up as it all is, and its really fucked up....Even if you hate Trump, his address to the nation leaves a huge open door to Iran for negotiations. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PgdYda7FRyI
Today this is gud
Impressive
In no possible way does my post favor war.
And yet here we are, without crimes committed.
Haha
Like when he ordered a drone strike that killed a 16 year old American... Before you preach about ignorance, check your irrational and emotional self first. The president doesn't need Congressional approval to kill Soleimani. Soleimani was the leader of the QUDS Force, an internationally recognized terror organization. He was a valid target for coalition forces. He was killed in Iraq, where coalition forces are permitted to take military action against threats. You can toss immature insults all you want, but your feelings and ignorance doesn't change the laws. Iran stepped out of bounds when the US embassy was attacked 2 days before Soleimani was killed....killed while meeting with the leader of the group who attacked the embassy. Scream Warmonger all you want. No one wants war. Tuesday had every perfect condition for war, but neither side wanted it. That's why Iran let them know hours before the attack, allowing coalition forces to take cover. The tragedy here is Iran not clearing the airspace before kicking things off possibly shooting down that plane of 180, carrying 63 of my fellow Canadians. Call me names all you want, I absolutely don't value your opinion.
Lol, yah, me, I invented TDS, the Canadian who shit posts in TD a handful of times over the years. Or like, when I posted in a TD 9/11 memorial thread about how we remember the Canadians who died in the towers that day and the Canadian rescue teams that went to help. RADICALIZED NAZI CULTISTS!! Screech at me all you want, I don't care about some masstagger incel telling me my opinion on Reddit is automatically null. Better yet, hit that "block" button and save yourself from my evil canuck grasp.
Fucking Right! Barn roof roach for life
That's dedicated.
The worst part is the guy still won't admit to it (iirc)
Almost like they executed 1500 of their own citizens in December.
IIRC the US has satellite images of two launches.
Iran had over 1500 people executed in December alone. 400 were women.
The us embassy in Iraq is an absolute fortress.
Correct. My coworker was there when it happened and I talked to one of the parking guys who was there. Said she was dragged a short distance. Tragic. The area where the shuttles stop is extremely busy with piles of pedestrian traffic. They are employee shuttles, they should load up on Melrose.
Should be too comment.
This just seems like grandstanding. It has no teeth, it's just.more huffing and puffing. As a Canadian, it's in our best interest that our neighbor and closest friend is the biggest kid in the yard. Question Let's pretend it had teeth, isn't anyone concerned that it could cripple Americas ability to respond IF Iran decided to escalate?
Meh, we Canadians like to shit talk American for stuff like slavery...but we had it too. And genocide...we treated our natives horribly too. Still do. And we had interment camps and all that crap too. And we like to shit on America for its environmental policies, while our oil sands is an environmental catastrophe second to none. Everyone likes to throw stones, but we all have glass houses.
Hard to say. 3 years they screamed "Russian" at him, and that flaked away. But spin is an interesting thing. The economy, black employment, progress with north Korea, defeating ISIS, potentially bringing a new deal to Iran.... Vs impeachment for asking someone to look into Joe and Hunter. Seems underwhelming. Like 3 days old flat Pepsi.
Naw, I would imagine that even though there are no stopping signs, that since it's private property, unless the store itself called it in, they wouldn't do anything
Friday is just another day.
Could be. I was at the Kanata Costco the other day, and some guy in a minivan pull right up infront of the doors and his wife good out and goes into the store. I walk in, grab a few things and on my way out, probably 25min later, he's still there on his phone.....and that place is crazy busy. I don't mind people stopping out front of it's a pull up and someone hops in or out, loading or unloading of elderly or disabled people, but it's always someone just too arrogant to park in the lot like everyone else.
That's why I come here, to post irritating shit so some fucknuckle can talk shit instead of joining in with the gear grinding.
Doing God's work I suppose
I don't think the vehicle owner would have any recourse. Parking in a marked fire lane, on a checkered crosswalk, blocking the curb cart transition. Even in a civil case they loose that everytime. What bugs me is not just the arrogance of it, but the roadway infront of a store, the centrum Loblaws for example, is very busy, and having cars in the crosswalk can seriously obstruct the view of pedestrians stepping into traffic, aswell as vehicles view of pedestrians that they have to yield to.
Fire lanes with a crossed out "S". Weather or not the engine is running doesn't effect its status of being parked.
I know the spot. Yah, it's bad.
LoL
That's the Ottawa way.
Wasn't the intention. I would wager most F150s cost more than many of the European Cars. It's not hard. The f150 limited is around $85,000. It's not hard to option out an F150 over 90k
Even suggesting your police is against the law. I see where your going tho
LoL
Who was on phone?
Anywhere in Ottawa actually do it good though?
Yah, there are wings, and there are saucy wings. This is 10/10
Excellent comment
That Wendy's was terrible. Very rude staff, and they closed at like 6pm.
The 2nd last episode of Southland Two cops get ambushed by meth heads. Kidnapped, tortured and one killed. It was really hard to watch, the performance was outstanding. Years later, anytime I see any police show, they all seem laughably bad. Everyone owes it to themselves to watch Southland. Regina King from the Watchmen, Ben Makenzie from the OC and Gotham. The fact it only lasted 5 seasons is a tragedy.
R/imatatoalpieceofshit
I don't hate this influencer, I hate that influencers are a thing
It's never too late to bring up how bad America is. Easiest way to farm credit on Reddit.
Agreed
Almonte has CHC, they make turbines, I remember they got two of those at one point. Love them. Always wanted one.
Just gonna drop in to say as a Canadian with universal healthcare, the healthcare cut from my taxes will cost me well over $200,000 And I still need private insurance. Healthcare is expensive and everyone pays....you either hand them the cash, or they take it from you.
Fuck Doug ford! He should take a page from the liberal playbook and give them whatever they want. We have no limit on this credit card! Downvote away liberal incels. DOUG MAN BAD!
I'm way less upset with his post about intelligence, and more upset that "influencers" are a thing.
Robots FYW
Ask your liberal MPP....oh wait
Ottawa has alot of issues that would be solved with more police on the streets.
Put a tv with porn playing....all the time. Real nasty shit.
&gt; Anyone in this town still play? Hard no
FM vs AM AM can get far more range with a fraction of the power.
Absolutely. Trump does anything and its front page of reddit. But Democrats block a vote to support Iran protesters, and its nowhere to be seen. &gt; The resolution would have condemned the Government of Iran for killing 1,500 Iranian citizens who were protesting their government, as well as condemned the Government of Iran for shooting down Ukraine International Airlines Flight 752, killing 176 people. No one on reddit gives a fuck. They want to shit on Trump so bad, no one gives a shit that the Democrats pull shit like this. Canadian
Didn't see this posted yet.
Riiiight.
It's not like they gave a shit when Obama launched a full scale air war in Yemen without Congressional approval....Infact Nancy said it was fine.
Naw, she just got that booster bump.
"I TRADEMARK THE SKY"
Things people for for instagram...
Well fuck it, I didn't need to sleep tonight anyways.
Seriously, where did u get? My son wants one for his birthday and all I can find is the shit one at Walmart where you buy the filler seperate.
Meh, some subs ban using masstagger.
Dropping in to say this is hilarious. Funny thing is CNN shit still gets posted here. They went full safe space hissy fit overnight. Children....
I have been gone for 2 years, Henri was the last ship I got before I left and while I did good in it, hitting 315k once, in no way did I consider it OP. It's not at all a ship I would have even considered for a nerf.
This show got no love, but its fantastic. Regina King (watchmen) and Ben Makenzie (gotham, the oc) are amazing....the whole show is amazing.
Good thing you know peoples intentions.
Guy sounds like a loon who doesn't need someone to fallow him to do erratic things like running lights or kidnapping children.
Good. The show was ok, but trying to build on a story that's been closed would foul the whole thing. Everyone should go get more Regina King and watch Southland.
The t8 has sub 16km range and sees t10. Sits high in the water. It's Dev strike bait. The t6 sees t8 and has 14km range.
I'm Canadian where we have salt on the road 9 months a year, so reaching out my windows to clear ice at Highway speeds is a regular thing. At 100km/h, it's nearly impossible. How could you hold a rag, a squeegee, a wet shirt, at 300-500mph. No way
After seeing CNN attacking Sanders and championing Warren, it looks to me like it's the Democrats dividing the Democrats.
Your economy is doing well, unemployment is low, black employment is at an all time high. Corporations getting rich may make rich people richer, but a poor performing economy helps no one. In Canada our economic growth is a nothing close to yours, and it's hurting everyone. Trickle down economics look ok on paper, but as you pointed out, it doesn't always help the bottom.... But a strong economy and low unemployment are nothing to ignore. For many people, a "usual yearly increase" and "$1k bonus" don't exist, and yours may not if economic growth was poor. I'm not defending Trump, I'm not American, but our economists are predicting we are heading towards another recession, and we are envious of your situation.
I wonder if this incels mom knows he's spending his allowance on custom shirts.
Amazon Prime same day shipping refunds.
being bottom tier is nasty with such short range
What's there some big corruption scandal with the governor stealing funds and supplies?
Being a "livestreamer" shouldn't be a thing. Livestreamers, influencers....pathetic. Almost as pathetic as the people who give them attention.
Someone once asked why so many homes in Newfoundland had 2nd floor doors to nowhere. This is why.
Every now and then I check either, but it all looks like pure shit. There should be a subreddit that posts decent finds
Nope. Guys election campaign donations range from $400k to $600k, while his competition is lucky to hit $40k.... developers get every land deal they want. He runs council with an iron fist. He belittles people left and right. When people were asking how SNC got the LRT contract, he diverted from it by announcing he was gay. I don't trust him for a moment.
Don't you fucking dare oppose the will of Jim
I don't wear fur, but I hate fur protestors.
I remember when the tsunami hit years back, and Canada donated piles...and our news showed them opening one of the containers and it had snowsuits and used skates .....to Sri Lanka
I'm on the shitter, shouting "OVER THE TOP" at my phone. What have I become....
Is anyone, anyone at all, under the impression this isn't what's going on already? I spent 15 years working with developers and they straight up just paid off inspectors.
I used to see him at the Ottawa cancer center all the time....and the constant stream of patients. It's shocking how many young people have cancer. I lost 3 of my 4 grandparents to cancer. 2 of my 3 aunts have had breast cancer. It's everywhere.
I am with wawanesa through a broker. I pay $120....but I have a $1k deductable. The higher deductible gets me a better rate. Male, mid 30s, one infraction of driving with an expired license, one infraction of driving a commercial vehicle with out of date stickers. No at fault accidents, no tickets of any kind.
I drive a service vehicle, and my own van. It's hard to properly clear the tops(slipped disk), so I do what I can....and then I take it through the nearest wash to get the ice off. I'll happily pay $8 to pressure wash the ice off my roof to save myself hundreds in fines.
There are a few self serve car wash shops in the area. I brush what I can, then pay a few bucks and pressure wash the ice off. It's a few bucks, but hardened ice is only an issue a handful of times a year.
The entire industry is corrupt at every turn. The building permits, inspections, suppliers, construction companies....everyone is making deals, everyone is got something going on. I worked on big, expensive condos all over the city, and everyone is in everyone else's pockets cutting corners. And no, I didn't do shit. Needed the job to support my family. What am I to do? Call a ministry and tell them that inspector got seasons tickets and a gifted 4 wheeler to look the other way? Or that an electrician is going to use a lower gauge wire to cut costs l, but still charge the same, and they split the savings with the Foreman. Or when they hire uncertified workers from manpower to do cleanup, but make them do wiring and plumbing... Or when a unit is to have a specific grade flooring and they skip the underpad and use a flooring grade much lower than what they sold the customer....I have seen builders order in light bulbs from china for a fraction of the cost of standard bulbs because they are not certified. It's all a scam, and you can see it, know it's happening, and also not be able to prove it, and also know it's how it's done everywhere, for decades....and your in your 20s with a good paying job and a new family to provide for. So no, I didn't do shit.
cool. Ill get in my time machine
suck my dick?
And when the DNC screwed him, he backed her. And when CNN went after Bernie, with Warren taking bullshit shots, he showed no push back. Not American, but shouldn't his weak spine be a concern for global politics?
Sure, let me jump in my time machine to go tell past self to fuck over the job past me needed to pay for his young family. DGAF
So the point of this conversation is what?
Seems to be the go-to place in the West end, though I hear you have to book months in advance. We didn't want to wait and hit fresh ink in Kanata and were very disappointed.
Best torp protection? I thought that was Yamato? I'll be unlocking the Kremlin by Friday at the latest and I was under the impression the Rus battleships had bad torp protection. I have been away for 2 years and don't know the ship meta anymore.
Good enough for Ottawa it seems.
Looks at him Watson's campaign donations.....
Our homeless deserve the best place to shower in public bathroom sinks.
Ah, the classic India lumberjack in an office high-rise.
If this is miracles, what's average
He's clearly in a hurry to not investigate an autistic child being abused.
holy fucking shit
LoL
I used to be a correctional officer. Guys like this will end up in protective custody. Even there, other PC inmates will fuck him up. When I worked the Don jail PC wing, we would see child molesters beat up new pedophiles. Everyone justifies their own actions.
Paratranspo gets zero attention, when the reality is that it's a much bigger problem than trains running slow.
No
People who abuse kids end up in PC.
Eat shit incel
good, we didnt need you here
Watch business6 videos on YouTube. It's the best lessons to grasp positioning, situational awareness and priorities....the most vital things.
Yes
I said the same thing about the last 2 John wick movies and those were pure dogshit. I love the matrix, but Keanu Reeves can't carry it. Give me a good story, good action, and practical effects. Let this be what fury road was to the road warrior.
It's it also because it's eucalyptus trees? IIRC, their sap is like jet fuel.
&gt; your either an idiot sheeple or paid agent of Watson/Wynne/Soros if you say otherwise Cutting and pasting this same nonsense into any argument you engage in only makes you look like an idiot.
Yup. But specifically? I'm expecting the usual "fat man bad" response. I like to see peoples opinions based on their specific perspectives, especially if they can generate a real response.
Shaddup bitch.
How specifically homophobic.
I'm all for protesters, so long as they don't go banning speakers or groups. No one is forcing anyone to go, and if anything, allowing these people to do their presentation shows more people, atleast has more people discussing, how fucked up Scientology is. Someone below posted &gt; Sunlight is the best disinfectant. Bang on.
Spoken like a true public servant.
In my head I picture Ralph Wiggum saying "I'm helping"
Rush hour? YOU BETTER FUCKING BELIEVE YOU'RE GETTING ACDC
&gt; Ottawa Citizen is quickly turning alt right. You just said something so stupid, you're not a clown, you're the whole circus.
Holy shit that went right over your head.
No, I'm not being sarcastic. I'm saying Scientology is a cult that preys on the ignorant and exposure is the best deterrent. The best way to steer people away from Scientology is for people to know more about it.
&gt; Like why let this bullshit have a chance in the first place. Because everyone has the right to make stupid decisions. &gt; What's to say they don't get to people before a meaningful protest or counter-information is shown? What's to say some people won't ignore the protesters? Scientology doesn't need a protest to show how fucked it is, it has that covered on its own. It's 2020, anyone stupid enough to fall for the star wars knockoff pay-to-play spaceship alien gods, needs more than a protest to help them. If people can make it to university and fall for scientology in 2020, there are other questions to be asking. &gt; I feel like there are better ways to expose it then to let them peddle their bullshit in the first place. Sure. It's why we should use south park episodes in schools. Alternatives should be used, but banning something because you don't like it is stupid. https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL06MhBXrgqHPTbNXJrpCIH6dcbgF1fR_Z
http://ottwatch.ca/election/listDonations Yep
Hard to beat a standby generator for power loss. 1800sq ft home with no solar recommends 3 powerwalls for 25h of power. $30,000
Real question. People don't realize how suspension absorbed not just impact, but also power. Those full suspension mountain bikes take alot more power to move than solid frame bikes.
Ottawa vets are brutal. I called around to get my rabbit spayed and everyone quoted over a thousand. Other side of the river, it's like 300
Just.....just with masks
Everyone needs to cool down. Smoke some weed.
Isn't he like campus security? He wasn't a copy right?
What else are they to do when the bikes and airpods have been scooped up?
Reddit is all class
Can't we just call Antifa and the kkk terrorist groups and everyone can be happy
Trump needs to have a briefing where he legalizes marijuana and says "everyone go home, get high, lets all cool off and talk next week"
"Not our friends" Way to open with healing and progress. Ignorance dwells in the past.
Somehow I doubt this will have any impact on whats happening down south. But hey, if people wanna feel like they are helping, go for it. Edit. The best move would be a collaboration march with Ottawa police.
I'm saying we should focus on healing. You seem to dismiss that notion and just want to be mad. &gt;I'm merely pointing out how silly it is for people to expect protests against police violence not to become violent ok...
mouth, meet foot
&gt;gays wouldn't have been able to marry if straights didn't have their backs. etc, etc, etc. Didn't BLM block the toronto pride parade... &gt;yes, it's very easy to scoff at when you're so above it all. Naw, I just think the danger to public health is more than anyone even noticing a march up here in Ottawa. This may get 30 seconds or airtime on local news, less on national, zero on American. unfortunately. &gt;but hey, i agree that it is easier not to care when it doesn't affect you personally. Everyone cares. Your attitude that you need to get combative because I am skeptical that the message will even reach the intended people is unfortunate. I'm sure that makes me some kind of racist.
&gt;You do know how almost every cop in Ottawa treats black people Ok &gt;Enjoy your white privilege. You sound like a vary racist individual.
&gt;Great, empty advice for people under attack by police. I am sorry me wanting people to get along upsets you so much. &gt;white Jewish people face the same discrimination and brutality from police as black people and indigenous Canadians Well, in the 40s, the police rounded up Jews and murdered us by the thousands. &gt;People like you are why protests are important. Channeling your inner Don Cherry?
I'm no expert, but I think the best move would be a collaboration March with the Ottawa police. Again, no expert, but displays of people getting along can be more powerful than one group shouting about the other.
Did you get that objective fact from the same place where you claim nearly ALL ottawa police treat blacks like shit?
The idea that posting a solid black square on twitter is helping. OP has the right idea, do something meaningful by supporting a minority business. Though in these times every business, regardless of the race of ownership, needs help.
These memes from this will last for years.
Someone is going to get a nice settlement
Ah, gotcha, right. Fuck the police, all of them. Especially the 5 shot last night ...
I know, but according to people here, we need to hate on all the cops.
Agreed, lazy effort
its happened in other cities.
Arms create a counterbalance when your walking.
Correct
Is that a black cop beating a black man? So confused
The US had months of race riots in 2014 under Obama. Ferguson was insane. This is bigger than the president, it would have happened regardless of who was president and it will happen with the next president.
Speaks mountains to how bad the Democrats performance has been.
Exactly. People want to blame Trump like he ordered the guys knee on his neck, totally forgetting that Oakland was a warzone when Obama was president. Blaming the president is ignoring real problems
Incredible
I mean, I wonder how this would go down as it's a black cop on a black man.
The 5 police shot last night would indicate otherwise.
When is the protests protesting all the people killed by the protests?
The problem is everywhere, but the severity of it in the USA is a fluid variable.
So long as everyone isn't talking about the LRT
And your plan to save the sinking ship is smash into more icebergs?
&gt;why the fuck does every cop have no identity outside of being a cop? You're saying they have no identity outside of being a cop. You act like because they are police, that they also can't be upset with the situation. So what is your goal here? You wanna scream and shout like a child? Your metaphor is as ignorant as you are.
Can't I hate both?
I remember first hearing it when I moved to the GTA.
God daym
Saw that too
While other cities have had protests where people and police march side by side, Ottawa chooses a "fuck the police" hate rally. Meanwhile Facebook Karen's asking about the best place to park so they can take their kids.
&gt; We are working with organizers and all stakeholders to enable a safe, healthy and positive event. Its unfortunate that the organizers have come out so anti-police, going so far as to say police are not welcome. What I have seen from organizers has been "fuck the pigs" etc. This statement by the police is excellent, and seems like it comes from a more progressive place than statements from the organizers. I have said it before, and I will again, this should be a solidarity march, not a protest. The way forward should be demonstrating how people can be unified against hate. Citizens and police should be walking side by side on Friday.
We all sacrificed alot during this pandemic. IF anyone is going to these protests, they better fucking wear PPE and anyone who doesn't should self isolate for 2 weeks after. Its an important cause, but COVID19 is no fucking joke and we cannot afford to throw away all the hard work we have done.
Judging from his posts, he doesn't want change. All cops are shit and he wants to be mad. His objective is conflict, not healing.
I heard they are both in the top 5 YouTube earners or something, so 20-40 mil a year.
It's alot to risk on the miracle chance the protest gets more than 10 seconds news coverage in the USA and has any influence on the current situation.
I'm only speaking for myself, but when I see all these protests around the world, the most powerful images I see are the ones of people coming together.
Purge 4
Peaceful or not, I think it undermines progress with that attitude.
Have you been paying attention? This protest has one goal, and that's to defund the police. That is the posted goal.
You should look up what sets the Ottawa march apart from the others.
I think the majority of people are thinking it's a march about police brutality and racism....but the organizers goal is to defund the police, and idea so stupid it's hard to comprehend.
It would seem to be common sense, but I'm of the opinion that the best way to combat prejudice is to spend time with people. And I'm of the opinion that it's easier to humanize people when your going in the same direction as opposed to facing off against eachother. But hey, if you just want to scream and shout, go for it. I'm sure shouting "fuck the police" will help.
&gt; It hasn't worked, so now they are making demands. I think things are much better here now than they were decades ago. It's not perfect, but it's definitely better than it was. &gt; they're asking for those in power to change things. Sure, but this is more of a behavioral issue among a portion of officers. We have all kinds of rules. Perhaps we can change some oversights and how we deal with incidents, but none of that changes behavior or negative culture. At a certain point they either buy in or not. I mean I agree, there should be some changes, but that's only half the problem and it doesn't hurt to do both. I used to work in correctional facilities, and I know how easy it is to hate the people on the other side of the bars, I know how easy it is to be an us vs them and constantly be fighting. My point of view is based on what worked for me to change how I interacted with offenders. So whatever works I guess. It's a shame the organizers goal is to defund the police.
Seems the mandate is to completely defund the municipal, provincial and federal police.
Good luck fighting the police friend. I wish you the best of luck in your revolution.
Ok, so we defund the police then?
The organizers state clearly what their idea of defunding is thought.
So a violent protest to defund the police will help?
Just going from the organizers...
They show up a few times every year. Usually at protests side by side with the communist.
Teksavvy cable uses rogers infrastructure
That was more fantastic than I ever expected
https://i.redd.it/g7h6cl0aes251.jpg "Defund the police and an end to policing" Honestly, it seems a shame this group got out infront. To me they seem like lunatics to propose we eliminate police. There are alot of people who will go and march for good reasons, but I doubt most know what they organized it behind. oh well
&gt; voilate the bylaw and condo rule Bylaw is 7am-11pm they can be as loud as they want. The bylaw does state "any noise that disturbs someone may be considered a violation.", but believe me, after working for multiple condo buildings and having to address these issues all the time, and dealing with my own neighbors, they will not enforce that. &gt; I know 911 is for ems. it absolutely is, and if you call 911 for your neighbor playing music, you become a level 99 Karen, and everyone will call you an asshole. Honestly, i know video doesnt pickup how loud it may be, but it doesnt seem that bad. And even so, you said its the last month. Deal with it, or wear some headphones, or blast some swedish polka tunes....or put a speaker out and play baby shark between 7am to 11pm.
&gt; become more clear. I live in a townhome next to an indian family who seems to sleep during the day and are up all night. I have a room in my basement where I built an office, soundproof double drywall, soundproof insulation, I hear them screaming all night, and it seems like I hear them more when I have my headphones on, I know what you mean. &gt; bylaw also has rule for bass. Bylaw officers get to use their own discretion on what they enforce, and in my experience, getting them to enforce that would be a miracle.
All those concerns are very important. Its a shame, because most people want to protest police brutality, or anti racism, or just want to show support....and its veiled behind a group whos goal is to completely eliminate policing/fuck the police.
Changing the funding structure is not a terrible idea. As it relates to the protest, where they want to defund and completely eliminate police, thats just crazy. I cant say how it could be applied to all areas. For cities in Canada with over 100k citizens, Ottawa has some of the lowest number of officers per capita. in many cases, Ottawa has 40% fewer officers than cities like montreal or even halifax. There is a case to be made for Ottawa police being stretched too thin. In my personal experience, I had an issue with a woman who would spit on/try to spit on my 5 year old on a daily basis, and it took 3 weeks before I had an officer speak with us, and over 12 weeks before they got her to stop.
&gt; I haven't heard anyone saying that we should completely eliminate the police Its the stated goal of the group organizing the protest today...
&gt; organizers are allegedly inexperienced To say the least....
&gt; so incredibly negative and judgemental looks at your posts...
Was gonna say...They literally printed shirts and pumped out a reddit alt account
It's nice to see Trudeau, as a former black man, attend.
I get it, but that's not funny.
Can you be a bigger piece of shit? Melnyk : https://youtu.be/BvXxIWkcWrA
As a former black man, Trudeau shows Canada the poise one can have after throwing strong women under the bus last year
&gt; there was a disappointing amount of upvoted comments condemning the protests: Stop trying to guilt people for expressing legitimate concerns about a massive gathering during a pandemic. People have lost their jobs and loved ones.
Cops deal with a huge variety of situations. Handling this one bad, at best, let's hope it's a learning experience.
Crowds ok.. opening parliament, too dangerous
He joined the climate protest that was basically about his failure
does me making fun of him offend you?
As a former black man, he understands the situation well.
That's too level anti gravity shit
After the worlds response to Hong Kong, this seems pointless
Mine does the same thing. I take her for walks in my hoodie
&gt; Here you have a man who swore to protect our freedoms and most importantly our country and the people in it and he even sees what’s wrong. I think this is true for the majority of people in uniform, police included. &gt; Real change is needed! I hope that when everyone is done all this yelling, that people can get back to talking.
After this? Were they before?
And no decided to take a shit on the church of Scientology?
Temper your expectations. You can't sink what's already at the bottom.
"infringing" I don't think you know what that means.
Saw that one so many times at our imax
I pointed out the same thing yesterday and this sub list its shit so hard I deleted the thread. Sunday in Kanata I went past the big park on Halton terrace and the soccer field, basketball court and playground were absolutely packed....but according to some incels in Westborough, that was not possible and I was making it all up. Kanata north has been shit for social distancing since the start.
Ottawa already has one of the lowest police per capita of any Canadian cities. Many cities have 40% more police. Ottawa police is chronically under funded. Anyone who has needed the police knows this. Last year we had a situation where an adult neighbor was harassing our 5 year old son, yelling at him, spitting on him, etc. She even threw rocks at him. We called the police, had to make a report, and it took around 4 weeks to even get an officer to call us back. And close to 3 months before they got her to stop.
LoL, autocorrect fucks me again
I think they all open Friday
I need this in 3440x1440
Watch me surprise this other influencer with a new Ferrari, YOU WONT BELIEVE THEIR REACTION!
Bet on the guys who train to carry 60lbs of gear and a 250lb person down a wet ladder that's on fire.
ooooh SNAP
And lets face it, not selling to them wouldn't stop those things from happening. its no win
Not saying we should cash in, just that our involvement in this wouldn't change the outcome.
I know it's terrible, but let's not take kids to protests right now
Think of all Jobs could have done if he didnt spend all his time suing everyone.
How do we blame this on Trump?
That's the most amazing thing I have ever seen
Some of them absolutely do. But keep on speaking for everyone.
Correcting me for generalizing, by doing the same thing. Well done, you saved the internet
Make all the hypothetical conversations you like, but you replied to my comment with a definitive "liberals do not idolize him". You're a fucking idiot who is butthurt I jab at Trudeau....you better stay tuned, cause I'll do it again.
Haven't always been a fan of how the city has managed bike lanes or oaths, but I agree with everything you said.
Shawarma shops will block out the sun
LoL, you're so upset I made fun of the cuckincharge. They make a lotion for that.
Seems like he has had multiple issues. Could be not right in the head.
They said one of the biggest issues is storage. Legally they have to store everything for 25 years. Not sure what kind of video bodycams use, but 2k 60 would be my guess. That's a monumental amount of data.
I can laugh at this
EA and Ubisoft would like a word
Specops shit right there
&gt; I'm paying close to $1000 a month Fucking nice bro! I have neighbor a few houses down who has a severely autistic kid...well, he was a kid, now he's 16 and 6ft tall +200lbs. He spends all day, I mean all day out front of his house....every single day. From sun up to sun down, he's out front, pacing, yelling, killing chipmunks... The police are there several times a week. I guess now that he's grown into a man's body, he gets physical with his mom and older brother, and he's bigger than both. The other week he took to throwing golf ball sized rocks at vehicles. It's concerning because this year he's taken to killing small animals, and we have alot of young kids around. He's aged out of the system, and even before, I don't think he got any support. It's a real shame, because he needs help, but no real solution exist. Same for your situation.
They had Eli on the radio and he said that was the biggest logistical concern they had when they reviewed it last.
He was on the police board for years and a part of the reviews the last few times they looked at bringing cameras in.
It's already escalated to people.
&gt; Defunding the police isn’t about removing all police budget Their message poor. They say defund, but also abolishing all levels of police.
&gt; What a fucking racist sub. So downvoting makes people racist? not just one or two people, a whole sub.....so you got downvoted and you label the entire r/ottawa sub as racist.... You are a detriment to your cause. Perhaps people just think your foolish? You use a brand new account, suggesting you dont have the conviction to put your main behind what your saying...perhaps Lets just look at some of the gold you posted in the past 2 hours since you made the account. &gt; There’s barely any crime in this city. We can get volunteers from each neighbourhood to take care of crime. Problem solved. Might be the stupidest thing I have seen all day. &gt; The police in this city is useless anyway all they do is give out speeding tickets and racial profile us. Your ignorance is showing. &gt; When I say defund the police I mean abolish them. Ah, the purge plan idiots. &gt;all the police do in the city is give out speeding tickets. no &gt; We can organize a neighbourhood type of watch for each respective neighbourhood. Ah, vigilante justice... &gt;we wouldn’t have anymore police brutality or racial profiling anymore since there’s no police. This right here shows us how stupid you are. You want to take policing power, and give it to a neighborhood watch, and think that racism and brutality just cease to exist? Are you 12? you sound 12. &gt;There needs to be exactly ZERO officers. no &gt; Your white privilege is showing though. "the color of your skin makes you biologically incapable of understanding concepts" &gt;How you going to say this isn’t a racist sub when you’re literally asking me to prove my skin colour? Your account has done nothing but post nonsense. Just scrap it and go back to your other one. &gt; Reported you to the mods so good luck You literally called everyone here racists because you got downvoted. &gt; Check your attitude at the door man. take your own advice Listen, your behaving like a fool. You don't represent any organization or anyone but yourself. You want change, good for you, good luck. Some people may get on board with changing how we dispatch police or divert some of the budget to other means of intervention, but **NO ONE** with a fucking brain is on board with your idea of completely removing all police.
"fucking unbelievable.....fuck I need some soup"
Some healing Karen crystals wouid fix her right up.
Does this mean the liberals can switch from a Dodge caravan to a Chevy Cruze?
&gt; Wouldn’t a non-racist sub upvote my message? You're being downvoted for being a fucking idiot, not for the color of your skin. Stop trying to use your race as a scapegoat for being an asshole. Simple concept
Honestly judge, he pretended to cough on my client during a pandemic. For this reason I would like the murder charges dropped.
Didn't Wilfred Laurier, a liberal PM, propose a law to ban blacks from entering Canada?
Order-in-Council P.C. 1324 was approved on 12 August 1911 by the Cabinet of Prime Minister Sir Wilfrid Laurier. The purpose of the order was to ban Black persons from entering Canada for a period of one year because, it read, “the Negro race…is deemed unsuitable to the climate and requirements of Canada.”
And it's a shame, because it's a really cool design.
Best way to change people is with money.
So I'm trying to get my gog install to work with the unofficial patch. Tried on my or laptop, fresh windows 10 install, full updated. And on my i7 PC with a 1080ti Fresh gog install. Game works vanilla. Installed unofficial patch. This failure to launch happens. Installed dxwnd from the provided link at tauniverse Followed all recommend settings. Only thing I can't find is the hot patch option, see video
Jason is fucking awesome
https://images.app.goo.gl/7bE4qf9Fg4K7JhEb9
Off the top of my head I would say it seems like mask use has been cut in half. Social distancing is a joke since then.
Someone gonna sue and win.
Fucking awesome
Talk to your councilor. Kanata north, Morgan's grant, we pay and extra $35 on our property taxes and they use drones and helicopters to spray the swamp with an inhibitor that prevents mosquitos from being born. It's not toxic to other insects, and I tell you, nearly zero mosquitos. I just sat outside for 2 hours, and I live 200m from the Klondike trails, massive swamp, and not a single mosquito. Before we had this program, you couldn't step foot outside.
I'd goto the old folks home and start blasting. Give some of the oldies something they haven't had in years.
https://ottawa.ca/en/living-ottawa/environment/wildlife/kanata-north-nuisance-mosquito-control-program
meh, we had to burn our vacation to get us to where the support kicked in. I bet this happened to many.
Retailers should simply say "no masks, no entry"
One thing we can all agree on is how terrible Timmies is now.
My battleships use AP with the exception of british BBs. The only time I load HE in a non british BB is when there is nothing but DDs left.
Yep,
No. I only mentioned they were Indian because Indian people are famously loud when they yell, a different pitch.
Gravity defying breasts right there
Notottawa
Yep. I have seen that many times. Their land doesn't extend into the beach, but they always come out and tell at people. Few years back this one Karen came out and grabbed up this families towels and bags and tossed them in the water while they were swimming. The next year I saw the same lady putting hand written "Ottawa bylaw" parking tickets on cars in the area.
That's like $2k right?
I'll step out of the RU recommendations and say French.
What's the filling?
Probably for the best. Firing people doesn't always help. The optimist in me wants this to be an opportunity for him to better himself.
Ok
I mean, it plays like an Alsace. You support the flanks, letting others tank and using your guns to punish DDs and cruisers. Use the flank to push and isolate battleships and use your speed, secondaries and insane firepower to lay waste.
That's fucking crazy
Good on Doug Ford.
Legit don't know what CNC is
Sophie Trudeau likes this
&gt; To every single one of those posters: I extend the sincerest, most heartfelt Ottawa fuck you. I get what you're saying in the rest of your post, but why hate on people if they had legitimate worries? I was against the protests because leading up to it, we had seen many protests elsewhere where COVID protocols were not respected, and many where they did turn into riots....And the headline group that organized it were for not just defunding, but abolishing all levels of police in Canada. I had worst case concerns, and they didn't come true. This is good news, I am happy to have been wrong. I can't speak to anyone posting after the protests about seeing people break covid protocols. &gt;**To every single one** of those posters: I extend the sincerest, most heartfelt Ottawa fuck you. I assume you think that everyone who voiced concerns did so out of racist motivation. I think its horribly ignorant to hate on people with health concerns or even those caught up in the fear during a global pandemic.
Karen post I'm not sure what's more sad, you posting this, or the people loosing their shit over you posting it.
&gt; how does the company treat the community, workers, and people it interacts with. This really sours my perspective of Tesla. Oh Boy, wait till you learn about how the company who made whatever electronic deice you're using treats people....or whatever company makes the coffee you drink....or the food you eat....basically any product or service you interact with, got to where they are by treating people like shit.
Sometimes your team just evaporates. &amp;#x200B; Preemptive : I know dmg is not an accurate representation of impact on the match.
Life is cruel
Agreed. Ultimately it's a problem with the parents. Anyone who let's 3year olds bike without a helmet completely unsupervised has a plethora of problems, and enforcement should be simple....but here we are.
I ranked out in 18 games, so Id hate for others to spend big for something so short. Mass is ok, but personally, Ill take the better guns of the NC every single day over heal and secondaries.
That was straight from assassin's Creed
Honestly, say yes, and give them the wrong address
Lives matter. I'm ok with that.
5G, that's definitely 5G
I know, I know.... But that lady slapping her ass and the one just screeching nazi....that's cringe as fuck
Wat
reddit is not democracy. Its a shitty website full of SJWs. Nothing will be lost.
She's got, but also needs braces
commander, activate HDR!
I hated on thunderer for ages. Said I would never get one. I'm very good in the conq, stupid high average dmg, wr and XP....but its dull as fuck to play. It is mayonnaise I even said "how do you come out to your parents? buy a Thunderer" And one day I was sitting on a pile of coal with nothing to spend it on and said fuck it. Got it, and holy shit, its so much different than the conq. Its dispersion and AP, combined with faster turrets make it a bitchin citadel hunter.
