Out of all the attempts to be edgy at the Royals...yours is particularly crap. 2/10 must try harder next time
Start at the bottom and work up
Good job the USA aren't funding the IRA...
Yes. Dont be a cunt
&gt; 6 hour layover, but I would have to travel from Stansted to Heathrow That's very tight especially as an international flight wants you there 3 hours before...
Stop spamming this everywhere you plum
How are you judging screen quality?
Cool story bro
Twat
What's the difference between someone who has been to the gym and someone who has spent the whole day working hard?
That's very sovereign of you...
&gt; Men have a stake in this as well. Not in all cases. Plus it's the woman's choice in the end.
Tools in my peli...laptop in my backpack
Oh so Pritti, oh so Pritti VACANT
Ever heard of Google?
Flying to where? That will narrow down the time you need to arrive at Heathrow... Uber is probably the most easily available
Is that because he was already batshit insane so didn't notice the difference?
Because the bird's eye view is already in the HUD.
Only been asked 2000 times...
I see you have no idea what makes for good viewing. If your ideas were actually worth bothering with do you not think they would be done? As someone involved in many large scale eSports events, I'm pretty convinced that the majority of viewers want to see POV as it is more exciting than a bird's eye view. Potential audience are casual players, and for them to see the POV of the top players, they are more likely to be enticed in as they can see how the pros play. Bird's eye helps no one.
&gt; he said I “sound great” Of course they did
Oh look...another hate filled rant from a loser
You managed to Google your way to hotel information...are you not able to Google your way to transport information?
A similar style to what? You kinda just named everything and nothing
London? No. Get in the sea
Texas Headphones
Converting from digital to analogue will always have a delay...wether it is noticeable or not depends highly upon all the equipment involved. Im very surprised your "smart tv" doesn't have HDMI.
Didn't you ask this yesterday?
https://www.reddit.com/r/london/comments/bz4b74/film_cameras_in_london/ Nope, someone else... guessing you didn't bother searching to see if this had been asked before
Good job it's raining then!
Try blaming the Tories...
You would need to use two outputs from your playback machine. If coming from a regular computer, using a Datapath to ensure that there is no tearing. Otherwise you would need to send a 4k signal out of your machine into a video processor (E2, AW, Spyder) which can split the signal into the two outputs required.
I'm sure Aaron Banks/Russia will be happy to pay
Did I really need to add /s??
Do you qualify for an appropriate visa or have right to work in either of those countries?
&gt; so getting a visa shouldn't be any more difficult than anyone else Keep telling yourself that :-)
Native cultue? Binge drinking and casual violence?
Have you looked on Google maps for directions and the easiest suggested routes?
At least it's not naked...
Stick your headphones in, leave phone in pocket, listen to the verbal directions.
I have a Decathlon folding bike and it's great. Not used the Santanders because I have it.
Is this a serious question? Ever seen Danny Devito??
&gt; know that the foldable bikes are expensive Less than £200 is expensive? https://www.decathlon.co.uk/C-847975-folding-bikes
Yes, Brompton bikes are around the £1k mark, hence why I mentioned Decathlon on my first comment.
How dull and unimaginative
Aren't you a clever chap.
&gt; Cash in hand would be great How good are you with your hands ;-)
Ok...what now
&gt; Why do they put that big screen in the middle of the crowd so nobody behind it can see?? They would see even less if it wasn't there...all they would see is the 3 floor FOH tent. It contains not only sound, but also lighting and followspots. It's not just one desk either, there's at least 4 or 5 depending on how many acts bring their own lighting and sound desks Wouldn't you rather be able to see what's happening bon the stage via a screen rather than not at all? Source...I rigged it.
Why do you want one from the last few years? It won't get you anywhere this year...
&gt; If it's declared SORN then you can't have it parked in a public car park. Or anything considered public land... Additionally if your insurance company are unaware you are living in it your insurance is probably invalid if you have to claim.
Like I said...this year the passes are completely different.
How much do you think it costs to buy in London?
Who knows...
It was an example of the sort of stupid questions that get posted on this sub almost daily.
Have you seen OPs replies?? They are even more hilarious
It's interesting as you are trying to backtrack on your original comment now that you have been exposed as a hypocrite. &gt; it’s because you just be living a life free normal social conviction A what? At least try and write something comprehensible
Have you tried walking from one end of a tube train to the other at 8:22am between Bank and Waterloo?
Terra. Canadian company. Had my current pair 5 years and still going strong
Google Slides/Keynote/PowerPoint Paint
Why is it a bad thing if he was? Being a spy for your country is probably one of the most patriotic things you could do. What has Boris ever done?
Yawn
Is a mothers opinion?
&gt; Are you a moron! No, but I'd definitely be asking you the same question. Even after you have had the concept of the joke explained you are still on an irrational rant. It's honestly hilarious how much of an idiot you come across as. I hope you have the time to take a step back from this post, realise that it's the internet and not real life. Take a break from being online and go for a walk in the countryside.
&gt; You weren’t the one who made the joke and weren’t one of the initial responses Yes I was. Check the username of the highest rated reply on this thread. I'm not picking a fight, I'm merely mocking the idiot replying.
&gt; since I dont currently live in the city. Do you have the correct visa/right to work?
Where are you quoting that from?
Why on earth should I apologise? You are the one taking issues with a comment on the internet. The fact you are STILL replying, and whining about it shows you have got a serious problem if an internet comment, that has already been pointed out was in jest still keeps you up at night. &gt; Instead you choose to continue to call me names If I read the posts correctly...the first "name calling" was from you asking if I was a moron and also calling me an idiot. Please don't try and take the moral high ground, it isn't working for you. Would you like me to point you towards other replies you made where you abused or called other posters names? &gt; It’s people like you that are bullies in real life and people like you that I do my best to avoid. Interesting opinion, incorrect but wrong. If I was the sort of person you do your best to ignore...why are you still trying to engage me? Are you that desperate for social interaction? &gt; If you feel you don’t owe me an apology that’s your voice but just because you made a joke at my expense does not mean I have to be amused. I don't. Neither do you. I thought you had already made that clear days ago...why do you keep going on and on?
Are you just making shit up? You've posted the same question to multiple subs...
They read the manual
Are you recording at the same rate as the desk? i.e. 44.1Hz or 48Hz
Sorry to hear that...but you appear to have missed half your post out. What do you want us to do? If finances are going to be a problem have you thought about trying to make some extra money on the side?
They walk you out so that you DONT do anything criminal.
&gt; They needed me to help them on a project and once I was done they let me go. That's exactly what contracting is...
How is explaining why something happens picking a fight??
What fucking negativity? How is explaining something being negative??
Oh dear...here we go again. Here's the abuse...
Oh look...more abuse
Remember how well the last GE went....?
&gt; she wanted to become a so-called shot girl because it looked "glamorous". Aiming high...
The bottomless popcorn that is part of the membership package?
&gt; I use a knife for opening things/bubble packing, anything else when your out and about and need to cut something. Like a chav? But seriously...how often when you are "out and about' do you encounter bubble wrap that needs cutting?
Its definitely a very north American thing to whip out a knife for every little task. Bandaids and sanitiser are fine if you have kids with you, but not really necessary the rest of the time..unless you are ridiculously accident prone? Most of the time the heroics you achieve with a multitool are usually done with basic household/workplace items. It's not as if you encounter the need for a multitool on the street...
Yep, 7 years and still missing out
The government error was listening to mumsnet
&gt; Except there's not a country called Europe That's because, like North America...Europe is a continent. &gt; You wouldn't call a Brazilian an American No, I would possibly call them South American though.
Iconic?
Wow... And to think you could achieve all of that for less than £100
How?
FOR FUCKS SAKE READ THE WIKI OR DO SOME BASIC RESEARCH
Barcelona is pretty hot currently for Latin dancing
&gt; Your point on it not being Venice is very fair, but for us it'll be lovely regardless haha That was more in regards to private boats than anything else!
Who is going to buy a phone that doesn't work properly?
Utter bellend can't even hold the Union Jack the right way up
By the fact OP is using Evision...either HD101 or HD102
Sorry, misread.
&gt; Do you have any idea how difficult it is to get wine stains out? Pretty easy actually
Because they are more informed than you. You wanted them to be your representative and it's their job to be informed on matters that will affect their constituents
When was the last time you went to your MPs clinic? Or wrote them an email, it had any correspondence with them?
&gt; Those that say that Scotland, NI and Wales are foreign countries. Ahh, idiots
Bullet riddled corpses are a cultural thing now?
Norfolk?
If you don't understand it...speak to a professional.
I'm glad you gave us some ideas of what sort of food you like so we can provide some relevant suggestions
Maybe...visit some and ask
Ok then...I go to Dodgy Dave's pick&amp;mix vape emporium. Alternatively I walk down the street and see pretty much most corner shops advertising that they sell vape stuff. Do I know the names? No, as the majority are independent.
Because Boris is actually one of his given names. Same way that Zac Goldsmith, Vince Cable, Paddy Ashdown etc didn't use their first names, but used one of their other given names.
https://www.reddit.com/r/london/comments/c4g96d/coming_to_london_faqmegathread_for_visitors_and/
It's ok though, they aren't Muslims
You could have bothered to use the sidebar and gone to Londonr4r...
12 angry Conservatives
More than likely...yes. Look how often Farage didn't turn up last time around
Should have gone for the HIGNFY approach &gt; MP Roy Hattersley was replaced with a tub of lard, something “imbued with much the same qualities and liable to give a similar performance”,
It belongs in a museum!
What software do you plan on using on the Pi? Bearing in mind that Qlab is still pretty damn cheap...$4 per day for the video package which still lets you playback audio.
Have you taken into account the cost of an annual season ticket from Rochester to Shepherds Bush? £6k which is a lot more than the £4500 from Eastbourne.
&gt; when we sort of tried to intimidate him and scare him so he goes away. That's exactly the opposite of what you should do. Admitting that's what you were doing gives him more ammunition.
What's a "Torrie/Torry"? Is this some sort of infestation?
Or is it this...https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torrie_Wilson
The local authorities seem to be doing a good job on questioning potential postal vote fraud. I had mine returned to me for a verification signature as they didn't think the one on the vote I sent matched the one on file. No need for naughty-Nigel to get involved
Why can't you just do these from a neutral perspective? Why does it need a "left" slant (which is what by the way?)
True, but OP specified two screens
I heard there's good money to be made down the docks doing favours for sailors!
That's a could... They won't have a 3 year gap in which to do research into the possibilities of a labour govt. It's not as if the Conservatives are blameless in the economic harm department...
You can probably still get smashed at the Eurostar bar whilst on the train...
Stop spamming!
Set on purchasing or is this for a tour and renting would be better?
Microsoft only stopped supporting XP in 2014
Im onsite. They were running a v3 Hippo. Its been out of support for a while, but hey...its live, shit happens.
It crashed...
&gt; iSet is definitely a huge improvement. Then you must have a version that isn't out in the wild... v3.6 is still horrible to use compared to Evision
No. Rockingham Castle is in this clip
No
Fuck the fuck off
Brexit isn't done and over. Muppet
Haven't got horses, I have coconuts though
Funny title switch...
They are at 8:10 on Thursday just after clapping for the NHS.
OCD but not bothered about lack of capitalisation or grammar in your post?
From that response, yes you most definitely must be new.
No, it's still the unsexiest accent in the uk
It's close isn't it
Are you comparing going to a meeting with multiple state representatives to a comment during a news interview?
Let's see if it pays off
I take it you didn't read the part of my post that addressed the comments stated in the link. I'll quite what I said in case you missed it. &gt; Any statements following in that release are blatantly not the same as being asked about a foreign situation in a news interview. If you can't follow basic points, I feel sorry for anyone who has to encounter you in daily life.
&gt; social media data, utility bills and credit rating scores Hmmm
Maybe because one of them was innocent and the other was a criminal convicted for ABH?
&gt; his execution Execution? Where on earth did you get that idea from? Are you purposely misrepresenting what happened in order to try and get some sympathy or outrage? &gt; the merest hint of criminality is enough to justify outright murder and excuse the issue in your mind. Why are you trying to spin your thoughts into my words? &gt; That kind of thinking has resulted in 400 years of armed oppression. In the UK? I dont think so. Are you a septic LARPing as someone from the UK? If so, you are doing a poor job of it.
&gt; while under the exact same restraint techniques Thats rather disengenious... This case ended up with a Law being brought in to stop this happening, and a number of officers were also prosecuted.
Nope. Out
My usual 90m video snake consists of 1x 16A 240v Ceeform 2x 3G-SDI 2x Cat5e 4x LC-Fiber 2x XLR-3 Never had any issues...unless crew dragged it through mud
It kinda does &gt; The UK is one of the most classist and racist societies in the west and That is a personal opinion &gt; I am so sick of reading otherwise. Doesn't want to listen/read what anyone else has to say
&gt; I assumed he was referring to Megan and the Royal Family And that confirms what I said initially. FYI, the Royal Family are not the executive branch. The govt is.
&gt; If that happens, do we get to drag him out of the WH? 15th January, yes
&gt; how easy it is to find work in London these days Yeah, very very easy. Good job coronavirus hasn't closed hotels, bars, restaurants etc etc
Shipman?
For what?
&gt; Pieminster's entirely savoury pies, which are unlikely to be the kind of pie a Canadian has in mind [Oops](https://giphy.com/gifs/xT9IgHCTfp8CRshfQk) &gt; they don't have custard Fucking savages
Why not?
&gt; It’s pretty obvious what I mean It's pretty obvious you don't know what you are talking about.
I was talking about you in a sarcastic manner, not to you.
I am serious...and ...oh, you didn't call me Shirley
Did you not read the post?
Deleted again for being an incoherent rant. Ha
Toad from mario sized pole?
Less than half...ok. let's look at the most recent QM2 - built in France
Baboo??
Has it taken this long to "take back control"?
&gt; £60 would be appropriate. Care to add a reason as to why £60 is appropriate?
&gt; inner London Clarification needed
&gt; I hope they find not a single tech for their upcoming jobs. The drive-in cinema ones? When they are offering £75 a day, with no catering or facilties and you either travel to/from site each day or bring a tent...
I was reading a post in another sub about "driving nor being common in the uk" and one reply stated &gt; Finally, owning a car is seen as irresponsible, so car owners get ostracised from a lot of social circles unless you have a compelling reason When another user questioned the accuracy/validity the reply was &gt; It's pretty common. It might not be spoken out loud but like if someone seems a bit "Brexity", they would be kept at arm's length.
They sent someone round once, after I sent in the form saying I dont have a TV. They were not invited in, however they could see a screen through the window. When I pointed out that it was a computer monitor and the big box next to it was the computer itself, they apologised and left, saying they would make a note saying they had confirmed lack of TV on premesis All very civil.
&gt; I'm sure anyone who works regularly at this level knows exactly who this company is Sounds like a pretty ropey group of people to work for...
Thats still pretty fucking cheap
I have no idea what they were on about
Can we clap for the NHS at the same time?
Yeah, probably
Its not. It assumes you know everyone you pass over the course of a day
It leaves you a lot less than 3 hours 40, as you will need to be there 1.5-2 hours before departure. Taxi might be your best bet, although that still depends on whether Croatia is letting in flights from the UK...will you have to do a 14 day quarantine?
Who the fuck knows. Do you really need to go?
That'l stop those dirty foreign bodies!
Then how does it inform anyone they have been in contact with?
Its a bit fucking late for a start...CV is already here
Either way, it assumes you have contact details for them
That was essential non-essential travel...duh
Beth channeling Starmers PMQ question
Fuck off
Hahahahahhahahahahahaha
Not possible. OP is a bastion of truth
That's not how escorting works, and that's not how maritime law works.
Reading is hard...
https://www.refworld.org/pdfid/4ee087492.pdf Please read. I'll keep my personal opinions to myself from telling you where to read.
Are statements from Home Office and Immigration Services allowed as verifiable? &gt; Home Office sources told The Telegraph: "At sea, under international law, the preservation of life is paramount. There have been some instances where migrants refuse to board French boats. The boat will remain with the migrants to ensure their safety." &gt; Lucy Moreton of the Immigration Services Union, representing border workers told The Telegraph: “The ideal and technically correct solution to the issue of irregular migration – particularly small boat migration – is to make it less successful. People will hopefully hesitate to spend so much money and put their lives at risk if they know that they will not be able to stay in the UK for more than a few hours or days. &gt; “Forced return at sea may seem a logical step, but it is incredibly dangerous. &gt; Rescue is dangerous enough when the subject is compliant – if they don’t want to be rescued the lives of both the crewman and the migrant are at risk. &gt; “If someone falls into the water between two boats at sea there is a high likelihood that they will be injured by one or other vessel. &gt; “Migrants regularly threaten to jump overboard or throw someone overboard. Whilst return at sea is logical, it is dangerous. I am not sure the British public is willing to see fatalities arise from this.”
&gt; would require French navy ships to deposit distressed persons found at sea, in a foreign port That's because A) there isn't B) they don't. I'm going to assume you are rather dense, and aren't aware of national and international waters. Which would also make you unaware that once they are in British waters British ships will escort them to land. Is that simple enough for you to understand? No wonder you couldn't find the section on "Interception" in that document. B3 in case you were wondering. Page 94 if you are still struggling to find it.
&gt; A French naval vessel escorted more than 100 migrants into British waters And once on British waters they were left to fend for themselves? Surely not! As if the Daily Mail would only print half the facts, that's not like them at all!! Let's read from another source shall we? https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2020/05/27/french-navy-escorting-channel-migrants-british-waters-people/ &gt; The French Navy is escorting migrant boats across the Channel and into British waters because smuggling gangs are exploiting legal maritime loopholes, it has emerged, as MPs call for new powers to return people to France. &gt; By law, all mariners have a duty to provide assistance to vessels in distress at sea, as per the **International Convention on Safety of Life at Sea, 1974.** Now I'm sure you are able.to Google that section in bold? Aren't you? Lets continue... &gt; The small boats that are used to cross the Channel are often overloaded and sometimes taking on water, but when French vessels have attempted to intercept them, migrants have threatened to jump into the sea, or even throw children overboard. &gt; Their refusal to be rescued by French authorities puts lives at risk, so the French have no option but to shadow the boats across the Channel until they reach British waters, where the migrants are safe in the knowledge that they will be **taken to Britain**, rather than back to France. Ooh, I wonder who takes them to Britain? Is it the French? The Germans? The Greeks? Let's carry on reading... &gt; Home Office sources told The Telegraph: "At sea, under international law, the preservation of life is paramount. There have been some instances where migrants refuse to board French boats. The boat will remain with the migrants to ensure their safety." &gt; On Wednesday, four more boats carrying a total of 60 people were brought to Dover, having been **collected by Border Force agents just inside British waters.** Oh for fucks sake, it was the bloody British bringing them to shore. Gosh darn it. Don't you look like a fool.
Which part of London is this? Canary Wharf? P.S. hot. P.P.S yesterday
&gt; Just in case Michael didnt know that. An American not acknowledging there's a world outside the USA??? Colour me purple
There's plenty of decent companies out there. But yes, a lot of cunts too.
Maybe queuing to vote isn't a good plan...
I'm assuming you didn't bother to use Google and the search term "flare Florence move away lyrics"?
&gt; Be in the EU... Forced to accept hundreds of thousands of migrants annually. Yet we weren't...there were EU laws on place that enabled us to remove people, if after 3 months if they weren't contributing...did we do that? No. Sounds like the Tories fucked that up, not the EU
I'm hazarding a guess that OP is in the UK, mainly because I received the same email.
&gt; We don't even know the date people enter the country.. Damn EU not keeping track of our own Borders. Damn them &gt; Because it was designed to be impossible to enforce from the get go. The Belgians managed ;-)
Chelsea vs Arsenal? Has football started already?
Reposting your racist rant again? Classy At least you removed the own people part... &gt; What do you mean by “your own people”? We are all people. All everybody’s people. This statement implies segregation.
Obviously you missed the near carbon copy OP posted just before this sanitised version
Is London in a Warzone??
Do you understand what symmetry is?
&gt; Dividends really ought to be taxed as income anyway imo They are...they can only be paid out after the company pays its Corporation Tax, and at that point, the recipient pays another 7.5% tax on the dividend amount
26.5% then...my mistake. If I have a LTD company that I am the sole employee of... and I pay myself a salary of £12.5k, I only pay NI on that, not tax. In order to pay myself any dividends, I must first pay 19% tax on all remaining profits after any expenses are deducted. Out of the remaining money I can then pay myself a dividend. That amount gets taxed at 7.5% up to the basic earner tax band. Any dividends that take my above that are taxed at 32.5% Therefore that means the dividends have ultimately been taxed at 26.5%
What a lovely pair they make
Ready for the next wave of Doms lies being uncovered
Attack you? No reason? Go back and read the thread again. Zero attacks, but plenty of reason to mildly mock you.
Touch wood I've never had any problems with Google maps routes.
That's rather anti-semetic
BRB, making popcorn
Yes, your question is very strange, as you consider the website of a raving lunatic and its users to be a good source of information.
Is there a new crest...No. You are aware anyone can walk up, slap something on a wall, gate, car etc take a photo and start spreading bullshit claims, right?
&gt; which is quite easily verifiable Then find somewhere reliable to verify it?
&gt; concerned Yankee cousin's mind How about fucking off and concerning yourself with your own countries problems instead of worrying about made-up bullshit from ours? &gt; copy of today's post in view Todays post isnt due til later this afternoon...plus the postmark will be a few days old so I dont see how that will help
BRB, popcorn
&gt; That's a backhanded insult in these parts Backhanded? Its a pretty obvious one here. Especially when someone makes a claim without having first even checked the validity of it. You have the internet at your fingertips, its nto hard to do. But then again, I'd expect nothing less from someone who thinks conspiracy theorists have any validity.
I bet some of those people had been waiting for hours as well
Good, well tuned drums and a good drummer. You cant polish a turd...but you can roll it in glitter. Knowing a lot of jazz engineers, they tend to do minimal processing when they have a tight drummer like this one, thats pretty much pure drum sound with a touch of verb
Salty OP?
Until December 31st, then it's Brits only
This the third post with the exact same text from a third different account... today Hmmm
You what?
RTFM?
If you were actually homesick you would know the 100 is going the right way...
&gt; I see this a lot of Reddit - people saying miss episode 1 Usually Americans... As an opening episode it went down a storm in the UK (the target market), although most people would have already been familiar with Charlie Broilers style through programs like Brass Eye. Personally BM started to lose itself when it had to cater to the American/global market Series 3 onwards
&gt; he has leverage on him and the entire Tory party over something. FTFY
Englebert Strauss have some cracking footwear.
Good question...I bet they would ship it to you. Email them
&gt; Your IP address is available to every url you access Which IP? Your local, or your ISP supplied one?
Hatfield...by Moor Beck. Yep, no where near each other
Depending what the package was... example if it was beer/wine and there's been a breakage, then they will return to sender.
Xero.
&gt; I've seen some that are in the RF range and some in the 900mhz range, I'm assuming the digital ones are cleaner? RF range? So anywhere from 20 kHz to 300Ghz? "RF" and 900 are both analogue waves. However both can transmit digital signals over analogue waves.
Take your girlfriend up the Oxo Tower
Ahh, first world problems. Have you tried looking for answers? If you can't find anything from an official source...why do you expect to find an answer here?
Have you used streetview yet? To do a preliminary? What do you expect to do after this person has "checked out the address"?
In other words, recompense to slave owners for their loss of workers?
&gt; follow Scotland in implementing a Deposit Return Scheme Not if it's being as badly implemented as it is in Scotland
Here's quite a good writeup https://ridebrewing.co.uk/drs-and-the-great-can-swindle/
&gt; Budget is not the biggest but I would say up to £3000 per month is the limit... You're too modest
I did that gig last year, was much nicer weather. Hit and miss with seafront gigs though, was looking forward to it this year :(
Do you need to move out? Can't you go onto a rolling contract?
&gt; In order to not get sued. For what?
Kicked in the head by a horse...
Yeah mate....that was the point of my post
I was referring to the call someone made to Farage about a life changing event making them think brexit was a good idea...
Catch up kiddo
&gt; master/slave has a connotation of violence and especially in ~~north america~~ USA it has imagery of race. FTFY. Dont make your problems everyone elses
&gt; I know the difference between say SDI and HDMI, I know what a matrix switcher is, Do you? Do you really?
Couple of years, on and off. There was entertainment 7 days a week. How many shows each night depends on the length of the cruise. 7 day cruise would usually be 2 nights welcome/farewell, 2 production shows, 2 guest entertainers, and either a dark night or late night comedy. It varies ship to ship and cruise to cruise. Technically, yes, same house orchestra in the main room, but musicians contracts start and finish at different times
Someone else's garden?
Oh come on. Does this look like a fucking Canadian sub?
Of course not...
&gt; But is it reliable enough to base a system off that that it won't break for at least a year and can be used for a week and a half straight every couple of months without failing/glitching on me? Maybe 🤷‍♂️
&gt; Why not lay out all the facts on the table and let them chose, rather than sanctioning what information they can be exposed to? Otherwise, how do we learn and move towards Then it would be a one sided table and you would get complaints that there's no "facts" from the batshit crazy people on offer. If you want to lay out facts, great. Just don't allow utter bullshit to be presented as facts, especially when there is no reason or evidence to support them.
&gt; When do you foresee venues reopening, and will venues be forced to use social distancing? September if we are lucky. If they are... they're just as fucked as being closed as capacity will be severely reduced to the point people won't bother going as the atmosphere will be rubbish &gt; Do you think this will have lasting effects on the comedy circuit? Of course. &gt; Is there a way for someone like me to take advantage of this? Probably. What and how is up to you.
And...?
Local by-laws.
Blame the Americans...it's their website
If British food is bland and tasteless...you must be doing it wrong.
Yes, British food. You know- Fish, Chips, Cup o' tea, bad food, worse weather, Mary fucking Poppins, British food ^^/s (Has no one watched Snatch?)
You don't have your own??
Such a wide variety... How are they being consumed? Raw/uncooked? From tins? Etc etc
That's a fairly subjective question...it largely depends on what you are actually trying to reproduce through it.
Do you not understand the difference between facts and opinions? You have stated you wanted facts. Then you wanted to include opinions (which are not facts) If you want unbiased opinions in the news, then the news should report facts, not opinions. Opinions have other places they can be aired. That is where the critical thinking and scientific debate takes place. However in the case of 5g, the scientific side has already been peer reviewed and approved. The complete bollocks side has neither been peer reviewed or approved. &gt; Think of the potential of society if everyone was open-minded instead of shunning people who say something they don't like. "Something they don't like" is not the same as people putting forward lies and deceit as facts.
You obviously missed the multiple posts about it yesterday
Isn't Bruce the generic Australian?
Same person
What would define the area? Why make things needlessly complicated
This isn't a fashion sub...
&gt; So people who feel dizzy/sick after wearing facemasks too long are lying? Not necessarily, rather they are incorrectly attributing their symptoms to the wrong cause.
&gt; I meant Road tax. Which hasn't existed since 1937...
I'm not the one accusing people of not paying non-existant taxes. I've already corrected you as to where the money for road maintenance comes from. Would you like me to explain how VED works so that you don't look like a fool in the future?
&gt; And you know what I mean by road Tax You still haven't told anyone what you mean by "road tax"
Hahahaha, that's hilarious. Imagine if it was the UK being childish....oh....wait... &gt; The UK have been clear Erm.....
Its a bit better, but that big slab of pictures is still pointless...but hey, its your blog
I'm sure the McCanns can milk some more money out of this information
&gt; Quagers system of morality and scruples! Do you mean Quakers or Quagaars? Only asking as there's quite a difference
Sounds like spam...
&gt; blighted his career prospects and left him at risk of mental health issues Didn't realise that was a symptom of coldsores...better start clapping for him
Same here!
I guess that all depends on the work the company does...
Not Mark Francois by any chance?
Ahh, yeah, for the one user SD choice. I guess I'm on the multi user one. 🤷‍♂️
It almost seems like the author hasn't got a fucking scooby about a lot of the stuff they are referencing
Wear it would be the one and only "tip" required. One tip doesn't require a fucking video.
&gt; I'm a student, and since I've been furloughed I am more than happy to pay my due tax. If you are furloughed you are paying tax. Why do you think you aren't?
Maybe we should switch to using the Hindu–Arabic numeral system?
&gt; I think it would be good to defund the crown Defund from where? * The Sovereign Grant? Which comes from surplus Crown Estate income. * Privy Purse? Which is their private income? &gt; confiscate the royal properties - due to the historical injustices done by the English nobility What are you going to do with the properties once you have confiscated them?
&gt; color Busted, another stupid seppo. Chiming in on things they have no concept or understanding of.
15th July?? Is this from last year, when obviously it would be busy...or are you a time traveller?
&gt; some of the barriers which prevents them from accessing sexual health services. Curious...what barriers are there?
I doubt that very much
r/leopardsatemyface
It can also get the pigs slightly tipsy
Are you also casually racist and think Brexit is a good idea?
The worst I did to myself in 18 months of cycling Croydon to Canary Wharf was slipping my front wheel into the tram tracks in Croydon, luckily whilst the main roads were fairly quiet. Inbetween paving stones? That's impressive
Back where? In a shit negotiating position?
Remember, the vast majority of theatres throughout the UK don't permanently have one show in, like the West End does. These other theaters might have a show in for a week, then a different one. Sometimes they put concerts on... It's not just comedy and tragedy. It's most definitely not an "old-leaning audience" going to shows in theatres.
I'll repeat myself... Theatres don't just put on comedy and tragedy. That article is only about theatre.
Shock at how badly they have fucked it up? Or Shock at how badly we are going to get fucked? Awe struck at how badly it's been handled? Or Awe struck at how fucked we are?
&gt; Boris has just launched a government enquiry into racism in the UK Another one? Why not act on the findings of previous ones?
&gt; not knowing about Trident. Isnt that a fast food joint?
Read this just after reading someone suggesting this as a beer
Me too! Had the two series on cassette
Who is paying you to play outdoors to "a couple hundred people"? Can they not supply a system with appropriate coverage? Assuming a degree of social distancing...you will probably need more than you thought.
Have you cleared you cookies and cache?
Get fucked?? I'm not the one getting fucked. I'm not the one unable to spend time with my kids. Wind it in you plum.
By looking at Google Maps...I would guess it's the Ibis. You know, the one that has a location pin in the same place, and when clicked on says "opening Jan 2020"...but then again, maybe it's where the new runway is being built
Learnt, its not exactly much different. Have you never driven in a country that drives on the right?
Space for 300 cars...that's barely going to cover costs. Even at £100 a car.
&gt; From what I understand its 12 venues with 300 cars each showing on a large screen the actual concert The artists in the article rotate round the venues, its not one gig being streamed out to the other locations &gt; plus they are probably not paying the acts that much, True, it is Live Nation... Even so, revenue will depend on whether they are charging per car (like the drive in cinemas) or per person. £50 per person is only 60k max per gig per venue, without paying for the stage, PA, lights, video, crewing for all those, not to mention power costs. I get the feeling theres a lot of companies dropping their pants for these shows and then dropping the rates for the people working them. There was one events company asking their freelancers to work for £75 a day...normally the rate would be £275. It sounds like they were trying to get crew for this.
Not London. Out ---&gt;
You want to buy your friend a delivery service? You must be rich!
&gt; Twitter does not have the right to remove people the way they are currently doing. Of course it does. Don't be obtuse
Did you not read the article?
&gt; Air Force 1 is a ~~military plane~~ callsign FTFY
&gt; why do you need a car in your designated area? If I turn up on foot, can’t I just have a designated area like everyone else? Social distancing for arrival and duration. Plus, have you seen where these venues are?
Aliens and Flash Gordon?? I may have missed what's offensive/outdated in those. Anyone care to elaborate?
🤷‍♂️ https://www.livenation.co.uk/utilitalivefromthedriveinfaqs Have a browse here
Look on the unit itself...
&gt; Yes, Prime Minister needs to make a comeback Parliament TV surely
So it's a self assigned IP as it can't find a DHCP server. You either need to set a static IP on the XR or have something that is pushing out DHCP addresses.
She does know that Cornwall isn't in the Cotswolds...
At this point, you need to learn some basic networking and probably RTFM
It's fine...there's thousands of them
Its a lot bloody simpler.
As part of the base operating system, but it still requires a third party app to enable its useage.
&gt; I’m 47, my girlfriend's 33; she's 14 years younger than me: Back of the net! Are you sure that's not from Boris autobiography?
I've never heard of Brighton! Must be a lesser known place. Is it nice? Are the beaches quiet?
&gt; leader was a 'fascist, racist, sexual predator' Ghandi or Boris?
&gt; Do you think this is reasonable? No. As it means she will try it on with the next person who moves in. &gt; Or should I try to ask her to put the deposit into a deposit protection scheme and pay rent for the final month after she gives me a confirmation? Pointless
Yeah, of course someone on Reddit will know. Fucks sake
Ask a stupid question...
If you look at the [Ratsound box](http://ratsoundsales.com/mm5/pdf/etherCON_wiring_diagram.pdf) or [Radial Catapult](https://www.radialeng.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/Catapult-3-27-20-10x19cm.pdf) both specify shielded cable.
4k porn
That's hilarious. Yes, scam.
Asking to check broadband. That's something ISPs can do from the office
By going to Frank's Peckham probably
Why post something from over a year ago?
Christ, image the shitstorm...
This is Steve McQueen director, not Steve McQueen the actor. &gt; Every British production should have a quota in place for actors and crew. Why? Do you not want the best person for the job?
So report to over and move on. No need to name shame on here
Or CKY where it's the guitarist, drummer and backing tracks
Too much information in your post to sift through.
Truck? Grade school? Something tells me this didnt happen &gt; I stood on between them and told the bigot I didnt want any trouble and I’m not a fighter but if he wanted to hurt the Black couple he’d literally have to beat me til I was either unconcious or couldn’t walk anymore. /r/thatHappened
Even the ancient greeks knew and proved the earth was round. 2000+ years ago. No one has proved it is flat.
&gt; In the modern world, take a look at the livestream of the earth from the International Space Station &gt; , where you can see the curvature in real time. All CGI vhs graphics mate
Broadcast router by the look of it
&gt; ive just been autistic about it Please don't use derogatory phrase's like that
Trump has shown that even with 60+ years of life experience he's still completely unfit to be President. AOC, even with her limited experience would be a better president as she would probably get qualified useful people into the relevant posts and have advisors who actually know their shit.
Ahh Parkrun, sounds like a great social distancing activity...did you miss the big headline on their website? &gt; **All parkrun events in this country are currently suspended due to COVID-19 (Coronavirus)**.
Wut? No one is protesting London. They might be protesting IN London, but what point are you trying to make?
&gt; parents are going out of their minds with worry about children's mental health. Maybe parents should take some fucking responsibility then?
Where do you see this happening?
That's only common on tiktok...not in real life
Seriously? You can't find it? I did, in less than 5 seconds. Bear in mind Archway Road is more than just N6
Do you really think teachers do fuck all during evenings, weekends, and holidays?
Does the order not tell you which one to pick up from??
Are you excusing parents from their parental responsibility? You think teachers are a parental substitute?
Another app that won't work?
That's the Scouse murmur they pumped in to make it feel like there's a crowd
https://www.reddit.com/r/london/comments/hd69mp/witnessed_a_racist_incident_yesterday_showing_we/ https://www.reddit.com/r/berkeley/comments/hcyjcm/witnessed_a_racist_incident_in_berkeley_today/ https://www.reddit.com/r/PutInYourPlace/comments/gi8odv/lying_liar_busted/ You get around a lot...
[Here you go](https://tfl.gov.uk/modes/driving/low-emission-zone/about-the-lez?intcmp=2263)
And TFL are the ones who defined the LEZ. What more information than what TFL provide do you need?
And you are still an idiot. Was it not obvious that the screenshot I sent was of my phone? Set your device to use desktop view. Or use a computer. Then maybe, just maybe you will get the whole functioning website. Fucks sake.
Plenty actually. Also taught me how to use technology. Pity yours probably did neither. Good luck with that whole LEZ thing. You can lead a horse to water and all that...
Pretty much yeah. If you aren't going to contribute anything to the sub apart from whinging...fuck off yeah? Alternatively you could be the change you want to see, and post something
No it's not. Don't be an idiot
Probably shouldn't have voted Tory then ..
You haven't listened to one yet...
They would have...had the local company come in with the best offer 🤷‍♂️ Can't see how it's the EUs fault that a British company wouldn't put in a low enough bid
Typical. Pulling claims out of thin air without anything to back it up.
Come on, read the title properly. It says **"last year"**
Ahh, your standard copy/paste answer which is complete bollocks.
Dale Semper is a driven man who worked six days a week as a high street bank manager to afford a comfortable lifestyle for himself and his family. As a black man with an expensive car, he says he was used to being stopped by police. But in August 2017, he was pulled over by Metropolitan police officers and his life was torn apart – with devastating impact on his job, finances and mental health. Semper’s lawyer has likened his client’s experience to the 1998 action film Enemy of the State, in which the lead character played by Will Smith has his life turned upside down by authorities without explanation or cause. Semper and his partner, Denise Huggan, believe the 26-month investigation that ensued – ending in no charges and no action taken – was driven by racial profiling. Semper, 38, and his legal team say the police could not accept a black man would have money without illegal activity behind it and are preparing to sue the force. Semper was driving Huggan to the train station in her Mini Paceman on 23 August 2017 when they were pulled over by police. “They rushed up to the car, banging on the window, shouting “get out, get out of the car. They handcuffed me. They said they were arresting me – I said ‘for what? You got the wrong guy’,” Semper recalls. He was escorted back to his home in Enfield, north London, joined by 15 to 20 police officers. When the officers entered his home, the alarm went off. Semper was standing outside, cuffed, as neighbours poured into the street. “It was so embarrassing,” he recalls. Finally, he discovered what the police were searching for: firearms. “I said: ‘Firearms? what are you talking about? I’m a bank manager, what would I be doing with firearms?” You’ve got the wrong guy.’” No firearms were found. During the search the officers found £1,935 in cash in Semper’s safe – all of which he immediately accounted for as funds for renovating his home. After Huggan left the property, officers shifted tack, announcing Semper was now being investigated for money laundering. This, he says, is also when comments from officers started: how does someone like you afford these two cars? How can someone like you live here and be so successful? How can someone like you afford that watch, that car, this home? It was clear to Semper that by “someone” the officers meant a black person. Semper was hauled into a police station for interview, where he was able to account for every penny he had earned or spent – from his £72,000 annual salary to his rental income and receipts and invoices for purchases. He was released from custody – but the nightmare continued. His bank accounts were frozen and he was suspended from work. He discovered officers had searched his partner’s home as well as his 55-year-old mother’s home. “I had to ask my family and friends for money, to pay my bills. I had to rely on Denise’s salary, her credit cards, my mother, my aunts. Everything came from them. “That killed me. I was always the one who provided for all of them. I felt like it stripped me of my identity.” Semper appointed a solicitor, Adam Rasul, to deal with the freeze on his bank accounts. Rasul, a senior partner and pre-charge solicitor at Holborn Adams, represents Semper to this day, and says it is the worst case of malicious prosecution and negligence he has come across. “That warrant was based on false intelligence,” Rasul said. “At that time, there was nothing, and to this date, no evidence has been provided.” Following Rasul’s representations, Semper’s accounts were unfrozen in November. But the investigation remained open and he was unable to return to work for 18 months – and when he did it was to a downgraded role, in which he remains today. Rasul says that throughout 2018 they were building “files longer than the Chronicles of Narnia to explain this case needs to be dropped”. The effect on Semper’s mental health was devastating. He lost two stone within the first two months and developed post-traumatic stress disorder. “I’ve had counselling,” he said. “I’m trying to get my head in shape, keeping me sane. We wanted to have children. But because of this whole thing, the strain it’s caused on our relationship, I’m just not feeling it. I just don’t want to do anything.” Huggan, 39, who works in HR, said: “It’s been hard, it’s been dark, it’s been depressing.” On 19 February 2019, different officers attended Semper’s home and arrested him on the front door for another allegation under the Firearms Act. But on the same day, they de-arrested him. It was not until October last year that he was finally told the police had ended the investigation and there was no further action to be taken. They did it over the phone to Rasul with no apology and still no explanation. After reflecting on their experience for so long, Semper and Huggan turned to thoughts of racism. “I never thought at the time it could be that,” Semper said. “But I’ll never forget when they said: ‘How can you get to afford something like this? How did you get that?’ “The reason they came for him was racial profiling,” Huggan said. “We’re black so we’re not supposed to try and excel? We do a lot. We work six days a week. We go out and do it because we want to be able to have something in the future.” A statement from the Met police said: “This matter is being assessed and we will be in correspondence with the claimants’ representatives. “Given the complaint and potential legal action, it would be inappropriate to comment in detail on this case. However, we recognise the very serious nature of the allegations made and they will be fully investigated.”
Just open in incognito
We were also planning to change from red alert to orange alert...but that would have meant changing the bulb
How often are you asked to calculate 17% or 12% in your head? Can you do it quickly? What's 17% of £323.78? I know you will use a calculator, but the point stands.
No. It's all company to company anyway. Talk to your boss if you want to go coastal
&gt; steroid-rammed Romanian horse meat? Never seen that for sale...
Haha, so many!
&gt; She needs taken down a peg or two seriously Oh wind it in.
I was trying to work out that as well
&gt; Tom Robinson You misspelled Waxy-Lemon
Maybe because one is a current movement, whereas the other is a dog whistling kneejerk? Alternatively, I refer you [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/heji23/lancashire_constabulary_update_banner_flown_over/fvrojqn/)
Investigating isn't my job. Suggesting people are dog whistling knee jerks isn't a job.
Santorum?
Christ, the state of your posting history...
[Only Henry Rollins Can Save Us Now](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbQsWSa6ONE)
Have you checked your water suppliers website? https://www.thameswater.co.uk/leak/ Call me old fashioned but it's the first place I'd check
&gt; They would require ittle or no experience, they should be not too high maintenance They could go pick fruit and veg &gt; may have decent pay. Example wage?
Hard to tell currently...
The GOP idiot at the far end
What do you think my last post was?
Sterling reputation for getting people off
Jam and Gummybears?
No Rs left to chat shit?
It doesn't specify oil in the article linked. &gt; Lubricating the rails has limited success. Speed reduction also appears to reduce noise levels It states lubrication, but not what is used to lubricate.
Burn
&gt; once precedent has been set that they can get a minister sacked then they're guaranteed to push even harder next time. Sacked for gross violations? Of course
He's back. Probably bathroom break
[Even has a name that sounds like Gyms rants](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/buttuglymartians/images/3/30/Promos625.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20180626044002)
Only one of those had potential for a major meltdown happening
When it was first introduced in April 1999, the rate of the NMW was £3.60 per hour (£3.00 for 18 to 21-year-olds).
&gt; Trump administration is expected to file papers with the Supreme Court arguing that the Affordable Care Act is unconstitutional. I'd love to watch how they argue that...
Ahh yes. Fair point. See what happens in January eh?
Recently??
Someones not been paying attention...
Ill save you the effort of [searching](https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=drive%20in%20cinema%20london&amp;cad=h) ["drive in cinema london"](https://www.standard.co.uk/go/london/film/drive-in-cinemas-open-uk-june-15-a4464591.html) shall i?
£900k for that?
India is London now? Christ dont get them started with cultural appropriation
Thames
&gt; My family and I will be driving passed London this coming Saturday Then carry right on past
Oh wind it in. Remember a cat for life is only for the life of the cat, not you. Why not have some empathy and take in a cat someone else doesn't want? Requirements of kittens only only encourages kitten farms and bad breeders. Find a rescue cat if you really want a cat. Both of ours are rescue and they are fucking amazing. Both were 3-5 when we got them Before you shout it again, yes I am right up on my high horse currently.
I was going to make a facetious comment along the lines of "are they going to ask you to lick your screen" Turns out they want to record your cough 🙄
Maybe if the US press did this then it would be less likely to politicise issues? Or maybe, people might read an article without automatically thinking it's good/bad based on the authors political party
Is the volume problem in the desk or the computer?
Words don't equal actions.
&gt; I won’t have an issue with English, finding a job, Good to know you already have a job lined up with a company willing to sponsor your visa
How much of the route is dual carriageway? Is there not an alternative route you can take? DC are not that bad to cycle on, there's usually a decent sized gap at the side
&gt; If you were as old as I, you might avoid that phrase! Its not a racist phrase, or if you think it is, you are reading too much into it. However it does get used by casual racists to try and excuse their behaviour
Like [this?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1-4is2WBMg)
Pity, I was hoping I'd missed something
Fact check him to the fact he's already done it?
Right in the no-fly zone...
You've posted the same story at least twice, albeit from different shitrags. Have you got short term memory problems?
Not forgetting the restrictions bon distance from people/buildings and needing to keep it within eyesight
Less than 2m and no masks...great social distancing
I'm guessing not...they dont seem very bright
Running and alcoholism. At least the alcoholism is baised towards expensive/good tasting beers
&gt; every street corner, i think it had a green sign Starbucks
A 10k (at best) lamp projector...outside. Good luck! Use the BNC output on the camera, down a long piece of coax and into the G BNC.
Quicktime
You could always clap for change...
Which would let them do some research into where they actually want to go
Most of the beers I've had over the past few months have been direct purchases from the breweries. Majority ship APC overnight.
Stop giving the racists ideas of how to disrupt
&gt; it's still a university That doesnt necessarily mean much
&gt; The legendary Zoro wore mask Over his eyes...
Sounds like a problem with you rather than them... Have you got any extensions running that block things?
As per the manual... &gt; Consult a licensed, professional engineer when any doubt or questions arise regarding a physical equipment installation. Also... &gt; Can I replace the speakon ends with XLR ends on each side? Are you going to be running balanced or unbalanced signals? Again, this is in the manual. https://www.qsc.com/live-sound/products/loudspeakers/powered-loudspeakers/qsc-k2-seriestm-new/k122/
Trouble is, no one here can give qualified advice without seeing the location in person.
Is there a video of this? Perfect campaign advert
Fantastic
Haaaaaave you checked the TFL website?
Chalfont and Latimer 3:27am Sunday
You arent far off... https://www.brasserie-of-light.co.uk/media/7005/bol-all-day-interim-2020.pdf
&gt; Luckily the two times I was forced to encounter people on this trip they have been the usual, kind and brilliant people I expected. Yet everyone you didnt meet are all racist nationalist wankers? Funny extrapolation
Got a link for that one?
Ooh, I've got a bite! Stand by to reel them in! &gt; Can't be arsed with it. Yet youve bothered to come back and post again? &gt; I'm having a great time up here, and will continue to despite the insurmountable pain it seems to cause you all. No pain here, if you are having such a great time, why do you feel the need to keep commenting? I mean come on, now you are just denying what you posted earlier about all Scottish people being anti-everyone, except the two you met... Although your whole post was probably made up to try find fodder for "KarmaCourt" but you failed miserably
You had the link to hand yet you couldnt be bothered to post it? Even though I asked? &gt; Instead of replying to me, you could have looked it up by now. Maybe, but I didnt.
It's fairly irrelevant to the tenant, they are still obligated to pay their rent as per their contract.
5 hours driving is not the same as 7 hours (average) flying
You'll need to get outside the M25 for those....
Oh fuck off
My second "point" was a continuation of what many people think the first point means. It is not in anyway my belief. &gt; My dad was a soldier Again, that was aimed at the American point of view of the armed forces. As I said, it's nowhere near as hero worshiping as the US. I'm not sure being a Corbyn supporter is in anyway ties to people who are patriotism as cringeworthy...maybe they see it as cringeworthy as the most vocal "patriots" are the vocally racist St George flag waving violent types. I guess Starmers version of patriotism is a lot less violent and a lot less racist than the general publics?
Funnily enough...it's in the section &gt; I’m flying into LLA to catch another flight the same day. Will I be subject to the new quarantine rules?
This is how HDCP works. It does not allow you to show protected content on an external monitor. Have you tried closing the laptop lid so the external monitor becomes the primary screen?
Pity Boris is none of those
Gatwick Express is 30minutes Luton Airport Parkway to Kings Cross is between 35&amp;45 minutes, not including getting from the airport to the station
You would have been better off doing a multiple choice grid question, rather than asking every question 11 times...
&gt; I want to fly the flag to reflect that, not to piss people off. You can't control what other people think.
&gt; I also don't know what "qualititive" means, but that might be new education lingo. Apparently... &gt; relating to, measuring, or measured by the quality of something rather than its quantity. Not quite sure how that relates to having to answer 120+ questions...but I guess thats what university educations get you
&gt; I stand by my comment of "if you ask 10 different sound engineers how to mix a band, you'll have ten different ways." Completely agree with that. &gt; But really, I guess I don't understand the value of sending a survey out to random people, as opposed to researching who would be good, qualified people to contact. I would react more positively to "Here's my hypothesis / other thing I am studying, and here is what I am trying to prove or disprove, and how I am going to apply the results to furthering my education," basically "how are these questions relevant to my research and How I am going to use the results," as opposed to "can I get rando respondents, please?" It doesnt say much about uni education nowadays, all it seems to be is crappy badly thrown together questionaires posted on reddit or facebook.
Search for LIDAR rental
£2 for the release of the bike which gives you access for 24 hours. The second payment will be for the extra 1.5 hours past the free 30minutes
Odd for your account maybe... I've had my bank query transactions I've made when I've been somewhere unexpected or something out of character
Is anyone surprised?
They jailed the bankers responsible for the crash...
The news, and history would disagree with you, example &gt; the former CEO of Iceland’s Glitnir bank and two other senior bankers were sentenced to jail terms of up to five years for market manipulation and breach of fiduciary duties. This brings the total number of senior Icelandic bankers so far sentenced for crimes in the run-up to the 2008 banking crash to 29.
&gt; This could have been a list where you just choose the order you do them in. As per the grid choice mentioned above. A bit like this https://forms.gle/ULsVMSRsc6mFfDxW6
&gt; None of this has been proven, not by Mueller Nothing to do with the amount of people refusing to testify or attend subpoenas? Or the White House refusing to cooperate?
Why are you posting an American problem here? Idiot
&gt; but he was a senator from the middle of nowhere but like our girl. Hawaii? Illinois? Manchester? Which one is the "middle.of nowhere"?
Did you not read the article YOU posted?
Why are you bouncing through apple?
YOUR OUTPUT CABLES
If you are looking at Zen, it may be worth considering Andrews &amp; Arnold as well
Its the non-emergency number, they can always point you in the right direction I guess
&gt; budget will be as low as possible. Yet you want to mic up 40+ channels worth of instruments?? And IEMs for everyone?? Its an orchestra...either reduce the number of brass players, or get them to play quieter. Is the conductor not making sure everyone plays at a balanced level? Maybe look at xy-micing groups of instruments rather than close micing everyone
You can always start simple, 1,2,3 etc then add in point cues as things change during tech. Most lighting desks will also allow you to renumber to get rid of point cues and turn everything back into full numbers. As long as you have labelled a note on each one, you are golden.
BDSM and a job is quite tough, but can be lucrative
&gt; We have seen an increase in Major Trauma from these already. Now we are expecting more. Has he met Captain Hindsight?
&gt; General Chaos You dont mean Ed Miliband?
Oh come on, are you really reposting something less than 10 posts below yours?? Cunt https://www.reddit.com/r/london/comments/hilp9g/colourful_alley_in_covent_garden/
Voxi?
Don't be a cunt
If you haven't had fun in 3 months...you must live a pretty shit life
&gt; You copied this guys comment on another of my posts Erm..nope. &gt; Grow the fuck up. Hilarious
Oh mate...if you can't figure this out, you have bigger problems than I initially thought. I feel sorry for you
ImagePro2
Pretty pointless if it's mobile only...
