Yes.... You’re in the Endgame now.....
I’m more then fine with either of those guys. Pre-Westbrook/Curry era, they’d be considered ideal PGs for a team building around young pieces like Booker, Ayton and Oubre. They are actually PGs who don’t demand that the team run through them, and instead run the team.
Clearly she mistook you for the stars of “The Whitest Kids You Know”
Starring Meryl Streep.
I’m new too and I’ve blown through two seasons in three days... and I’ve got kids. That’s like record pace for non-family show when you have kids.
He’s not gay. But their GM is.
I didn’t know he could throw a football over them der mountains.
Captain Canuck! (Though it’s technically not MCU)
Wish you weren’t so fuckin’ awkward bud.
Miles Morales’ parents make OK money. Aunt May is scrapping by.
Because Coke weighed the metrics and realized that conservatives and anti-abortion people drink soda too.
How dare you speak ill of the hivemind?
Oh look another fad that’ll last a couple years until people go back to actual animal meat, which is better for you — especially the grass-fed and/or organic kind — than LAB-GROWN CRAP or soy-based “burgers.”
It’s amazing to sit here and read people commenting on animal agriculture like they have ever set foot on an actual farm or ranch, or seen cattle outside a zoo.
Hint: It’s not.
Humans have eaten animal meat for centuries. There’s a reason we do it. There’s a reason we’re still here. Do you really think that taking animal protein out of our diets and replacing it with soy to be good for us as a species?
Meh. I’d rather they stick to making movies and stay out of things like animal agriculture, which they literally know nothing about.
“Society,” or maybe a handful of people in major metros and in hugely liberal states and cities. Everyone else will continue to enjoy our delicious animal meat, and all the everyday byproducts created from those animals.
What’s it like being a communist in America? Is it like that episode of Seinfeld but with extra steps?
They’re all just there for the dicks.
Oh it was mine too. It’s why Iron Man 3 remains perhaps my least favorite Marvel movie. But the short really softened the blow.
How? You’re putting farmers and ranchers out of business. You’re creating fake food that, ironically, is being pushed by many of the same idiots who want non-GMO everything. And it’s going to drive up costs to consumers, meaning we all have less money at the end of the day — just so we have less cow farts. I’ve said before, I’ve never been to a farm or ranch that smells worse or has worse air quality levels than NYC in the summer. And most of those people have never set foot on a farm or ranch, or has any idea how much of their food is grown or raised. They see the anecdotal version of some “scary” news story and believe that’s how it’s done everywhere, and then crusade against an industry they know nothing about.
Oh yeah at times, the stink can get to even the most veteran rancher. But that’s when the perfect storm of smells and weather create those conditions. The average day is not that bad.
That is such an underrated movie.
Utah fans are idiots. It’s that simple.
And was released in the December timeframe so as to not have any competition for 2 months.
Majerle was roundly booed and the pick was lambasted.
Glad your country has been able to keep that area fairly quaint and not commercialized. Unless the picture doesn’t tell the whole story.
See I get pheasant because I’m North Dakota. It’s a very stupid bird that often does the opposite of what would expect an intelligent creature to do.
Devon Sawa-Taylor Thomas?
Lauryn Hill anyone? Whatever happened to her? She was A-1 level popular one day and then gone the next.
You interact with them every day on Reddit too.
Narrator: “There was a limit.”
Here here! I do the same. I go east on business every once in a while and only drink Yeungling when I do.
He has a good foundation too I believe.
Google started with one goal: “Don’t be evil.” They have not succeeded.
As well as the media. I mean if they’re fucking Neo-Nazis, call them as such. Don’t put those assholes in the same level as regular old conservatives.
Exactly what I came here to say. As soon as she became elite in her field, her peers shamed her into believing what they believe. You know damn well she wasn’t raised that way. This happens to most young people in their 20s. They grew up as smart conservatives who had a lot of good things going for them, but at some point they get invited to the “in crowd” and get shamed into believing in a far left-wing point of view by this new group of mostly underachieving peers. Seeking a need for friendship and comfort, many children raised in conservative households — whose success can ultimately be traced to that mindset — act out because it satisfies their psychological needs to both be their own person and also go along with the crowd.
My friend from college who lives in her district. So when I went to visit him once, he took me to what he considers to be a very progressive and multicultural area, yet is clearly teaming with crime to the point where I didn’t want to leave my rental vehicle unattended. While the food was OK, the societal degradation was apparent. Very few white people walking around. Buildings in decay. Signs of criminal activity everywhere. He talked about hearing gunshots the first day he moved there and how it’s not really safe to be out at night. I asked him why he stays there. He said he is only there because it’s cheap and he’s saving to start his own business.
Ask for an inch, take a mile.
How about you take about 25% of the snarky troll bit and go back to posting nudes pulled from the Internet ya clown.
Some punk kid who may make young girls fans of the 49ers, so..... win?
Kelly and Ryan is what Regis and Kathie Lee used to be for us old farts.
How old are you? I gotta know.
That’s a pretty good rundown. But now I just miss Regis.
“Rules” that are established to block free speech because sites like Reddit can get away with it since no one wants to go to bat to rebuild their usernames and sue the company for taking away their freedom of speech.
Theres also a good chunk of children (under 18 and the 18-25 college crowd) and people who have free time to spend posting incessantly on the Internet because they have nothing better to do. They’re not important people, for the most part. They’re the dishwashers. The grunts. Sure, every once in a while someone comes along and claims to be this or that, but it’s largely low-income users and youth that make the most noise.
She’s Thai’d of this shit.
So how do you get there on the app? I haven’t figured that out yet. It’s pretty much impossible.
Easter Island. Visiting family.
Part of me says yes, because it keeps them away from D-Lo. Part of me says fuck no, because Kemba-LeBron-AD would be nasty.
I live in the red and own two homes, land and have energy interests. It’s not THAT cheap, but it’s a hell of a lot cheaper than the West Coast. My buddy lost his ass on a $900K home in Southern California and he wasn’t even in the “rich neighborhood” of his city. To me that is absolute insanity.
Thought you were a bot for a second.
Degens from Upcountry.
Talk about subs that should be great but fail to be.
Oh he’s slightly more left in many ways.
Single mom is almost always bottom right.
Which is a clear and obvious sign of child abuse. Something happened to her when she was young to spartan that behavior.
Odds are pretty high she doesn’t look like the model in the photo.
Yeah. Because no one speaks English.
Man I didn’t realize there was so much doting in the gay world. I guess my only gay male true friend (the lesbians don’t really count here I guess) is basically a straight dude that you’d never guess has sex with men. And he’s not a gym guy or anything either.
His ceiling is Antonio Brown minus the, uh, crazy.
The alien crawling out of the moving bus was a nice touch.
North Dakotan here who really enjoys your wonderful sub just directly to my north. Isn’t this, uh, treason?
When a man has money, a hobby and no one to steal aforementioned money, such things are possible. I love it.
Ravens-Niners have to be one of the top games too, right?
Gotta do something to keep people from canceling their subscriptions after Mandolorian ended.
Hello
Capitalism doesn’t put people on bikes to generate power. Totalitarianism does this. Totalitarianism is the endgame of communism. Communism is the opposite of capitalism. Capitalism didn’t put those people on bikes.
I wondered what the hell that cost. Then I looked at her kitchen and thought, “Meh. They can afford it.”
And it’s Awesome.
He went from playing the preppy asshole guy to the nerdy guy/straight man pretty quick. I.E. Stepbrothers as well. That’s rare to see.
This episode was soooo before it’s time.
Intelligent theory: College kids like to fuck. Let’s give them free condoms with their stupidly high tuition rates so they can at least fuck safely and have a much lower chance of having sex result in pregnancy. Unintelligent theory: College kids like to fuck. By the word of God, these heathen youth shouldn’t be fucking and shouldn’t have anyone even speak of these heinous acts. May they all get STDs and. have multiple children. I say all this as a blood-red conservative.
An old person who hates society and can’t deal with reality. That’s who.
Better than that silly Indoraptor from the last Jurassic World movie.
Extremely underrated early 90s flick.
Urlacher is a Hall Of Famer. Willis, I hate to say it, should have played longer if he wanted to be a HOFer.
That dude has a future in a TV booth or on a show.
With that mouth, he better work in sales.
He’s still a Democrat, but he’s one of the few outspoken in Hollywood who see the shit they’re trying to pull. He’s no fan of Trump but you can tell he’s really not a fan of anyone right now. And frankly, that’s a good opinion. “Because fuck ‘em, that’s why,” as Chappelle once so eloquently said.
Bosa got screwed.
I like eating McDonalds after smoking weed, you little bitch. Sholtzy!
Oh I’m not saying they don’t. He just looks and sounds like everyone I work with in sales. And with that attitude, he’ll make it.
The. US. Embassy. Was. Attacked. That’s an attack on US sovereign soil. We will retaliate like they bombed Timed Square.
Because Trump has dirt either on them or someone they know.
I can only assume that by 2099, people identifying as the gender of their birth are minorities and persecuted by the TransForces.
Don’t besmirch the Helena Bonham Carter ape character like that. She was much prettier.
Attendance wasn’t good though. Too many bad teams charging too much for shitty seats and game experiences.
It doesn’t help that the basketball they’re playing just flat out sucks. It’s not fun to watch teams jack 3-pointers and defenders get out of the way as guys go in for a dunk. It’s AAU ball and it’s getting worse.
It’s gonna sound great when he’s asked how it feels to hoist a Lombardi Trophy.
Those are just life skills bud.
“Existence is pain Jerry!”
Never seen a Planet Fitness that full of, ummm, attractive people.
Facts: Neither of them are that great but their marketing is so good, you’re convinced they’re both good.
Well, if they would have cut Passengers correctly....
As a western North Dakota and NDSU guy, it’s fun to watch Wentz and Josh Allen (coached at Wyoming by NDSU dynasty builder coach Craig Bohl) find success.
The fact that Pratt is in the headline is proof this is clickbait. Is it based in reality? Probably. But I’m willing to bet he had no idea what was going on at his party. I mean, have you ever had a house party? We did in college almost every weekend. There were bad apples that always found their way there and we dealt with it. Also, don’t forget he and Anna Faris divorced not long after this. Think maybe Anna was the one inviting these people to their house for parties and for Chris this was the last straw? I mean, the guy is pretty devoted to his kid and is remarried to Schwarzenegger’s daughter.
K. Go eat a donut and get right with your anger issues son.
r/theyknew
That Bakken from Space photo is exaggerated. https://www.google.com/amp/s/bismarcktribune.com/bakken/study-bakken-natural-gas-flare-satellite-images-aren-t-accurate/article_8528d1ab-b876-5c7c-9f9a-3d9189873261.amp.html
When skids have kids.
The woman who blew her hair out of her face. LMAO! Who was the director of this that said “Love the authenticity! Print it.”
The dude took a helmet to helmet hit from one of the biggest players in the league.
We have so much oil in Texas, ND, Montana and Wyoming, we could sustain ourselves for the next 100 years if we wanted to.
Is that what your professor told you?
I’m your local 49ers creeper and Wentz fan. When the Niners played the Seahawks, NOTHING the 49ers did was good in Collinsworth’s eyes. He IS the 12th man.
Ok sure. Know something about the oil industry before commenting then. We control more oil than the rest of the world at this moment. We are quickly becoming oil independent and our biggest oil importing nation is Canada.
“Clowney is destroying Philadelphia right now,” Cris Collinsworth. Sure, he’s doing great for a guy who shouldn’t even be in the game.
He couldn’t last week against San Francisco either.
The water thing kills me. That’s not even reasonable. You’re not allowed to do dishes, take a shower and run a load of laundry in a day without a $1,000 fine? That’s Totalitarianism at its finest.
You know what’s going to happen? People are going to stop bathing and doing laundry or their dishes and they’re going to have a health crisis from all the diseases that’ll start popping up based on the rampant poor hygiene.
He couldn’t give himself up because he was being tackled you idiot. Low IQ football is lowering your helmet into the helmet of a player who is already going down. That’s what Clowney did. https://twitter.com/jclarknbcs/status/1213948194293526528?s=21
Also a 49ers fan. Clowney deserves to be suspended for that hit to Wentz. The fact that the NFL and NBC are downplaying it is tantamount to rigging the game.
Not sure but I’d imagine yes. The rural areas for sure.
KTLA reported this just the other day.
Because the NBA is full of a bunch of pussies who have been told all of their lives how amazing they are, and when some plebeian has the gall to tell them their Constitution-granted opinion of them in a public setting, then well that’s just not allowed.
Uh, what did he say that was sooooo bad it’s deemed hate speech? All I’m saying is these players are a bunch of babies who can’t take it when people holler at them from the stands. I mean, get over yourselves. It just reinforces that the players from the 80s and 90s played in a better, more challenging league. Pistons fans heckled the shit out of the Bulls. Lakers fans in the 80s were all coked up. You’re telling me they weren’t talking shit? Watch some old videos of NBA games from the past. Better atmosphere. Better fan engagement. Better basketball. This league has gone soft and it’s getting worse with egotistic players who can’t take a little shit from Joe 6-Pack.
That’s the “I, uh, I’m just here to be praised and awarded,” face.
Grandma is the gatekeeper.
That scooter is the embodiment of what people in 1985 thought the future of 2005 was going to look like.
Love how we have to search by controversial to find this. The children of Reddit are a lost cause.
This is a new level to the typical hooker with a heart of gold story.
Can an Australian please explain to me why climate change is to blame for your fires? How are they starting? At what rate are wildfires higher than previous years, decades, etc.? Is their any evidence that this is the worst season ever?
So you’ve had some hot, dry years and people are being more negligent with nature because they lack education and preparedness? And this is climate change? See, this is what I don’t get. It’s happening in the Western US too, but no one gives the time of day to Forest Service leaders who scream from the heavens that they’re no allowed to clear dead vegetation (basically kindling) while also telling us that we have more park visitors than ever before and many are being extremely negligent and flat out stupid with their surroundings compared to past generations. I don’t NOT believe in climate change. I feel like it has merit but I just don’t believe that it should be used as a boogeyman cause for everything bad that happens and has happened for centuries before. That’s not science. That’s propaganda. Base claims about climate change and climate change only being the catalyst for forest fires in science before using it as a boogeyman. We have to start putting the onus on people and their lack of preparedness and foresight for clearing dead vegetation in this recent forest fire issue both in the US and Australia. I mean, if you just let kindling sit there for years, sooner or later, it’s gonna burn.
“And that Carl is how I earned the easiest karma I ever made.”
Because they’re all idiots Jerry.
Any year. Even if they’ve been hurt.
He really is a Nature vs. Nurture specimen, isn’t he?
Even Jimmy G gets nagged by his mom.
That hun probably gets her fill of protein... all kinds.
I’m a 49ers fan and I’m in total agreement with you about his girlfriend. He was a completely different person before she showed up.
Check all the diversity boxes there, didn’t they. I will say I’ve wanted to see Sunspot in a movie for a while now.
At least the combined puffiness of his pants and jacket saved him from any injury.
I took one look at this and said “that spike on the right has to be a fight.”
Lucky! You got here right at the tail end of the Great American Flannel Experiment: 90s Edition.
And penises. Not actual penises. But fictional penises. With superpowers.
I’m just gonna say it. This new Fruit Ninja film adaptation looks bad.
Well that would depend on the penises.
Oh don’t worry. Everyone likes to see a little Dyck now and then.
Nor would it possibly have enough horsepower to run effectively for hours in end. Tractors are diesel for a reason. You can literally run them all day long. The batteries needed to power a four-wheel drive emissionless tractor that could sustain a 12-hour work day and recharge in less than 12 hours would be massive.
My family owns a Ford 8n just like yours. It still runs well too. Good little tractor.
Or, uh, get diagnosed with asthma and/or diabetes. That seems like a pretty sure bet for a lot of the idiots worried about a draft. I lived through 9/11 and was a senior in high school when it happened. You want to talk about being nervous about World War III? That was it. We went to football practice that afternoon and said to each other “Do you think we’ll all be in a war at this time next year?” We had no clue what was about to happen. No one did. So I can somewhat understand the anxiousness about this Iran situation, but it also shows just how dumb our generation of boys has become. We fight precise, intelligence-driven wars now. We’re not putting 1 million boots on the ground in the Middle East again. We may drop 1 million bombs and missiles, but 100 guys in a bunker will be doing that with drones.
In her Instagram picture with her prom date, he looks 15 and she looks 25.
This dude oozes Beta. The cat completes his look.
Throw a beard on it and it’s basically James Harden. Similar range and size.
He totally should have taken what was remaining in the basket and done the LeBron James pregame powder ritual with the rest of the petals at the alter.
Iran: January 2020.
This is good fuel for Bosa. Get that red-state boy hyped.
I do like that Kirk. I do. You brought us together Kirk. You and your lucky throws. You and your white receiver. You.
I really want Person to do well. We grew up within 100 miles of each other and I know a lot of people who know him and grew up with him. He’s a journeyman who has had a great season. It’d be great to see him back on the field doing his thing and going after a ring.
This is what happens you farm out your graphic artist work to China.
How does Branch not have a blue checkmark and all these political commentator idiots and racists (all of them, all sides) get verified in minutes?
You need to understand the 4+1 Theory in which Iran has been cited since the Obama administration by several defense leaders a threat to our nation. The other being violent extremists, which is what Qasem Soleimani was. So yeah, when one of the 4+1 (two of them in this case) attack American assets — not the first time either, mind you — know that we will respond in kind. https://www.defense.gov/Explore/News/Article/Article/923685/dunford-details-implications-of-todays-threats-on-tomorrows-strategy/
Yes, I apologize. But r/politics? Never touch the stuff. Bad for the brain.
Pretty sure.
That is a dude, yes.
That is a male in female clothing with makeup in. The same kid played the overtly gay kid side character in Spider-Man Homecoming. But he probably realized he was a dime a dozen in Hollywood being who he was, so he changed his entire life to “become a woman” and all of a sudden, he’s getting roles. Funny how that works.
Canada enters World War III... “End of the laneway. Don’t come up the property.”
Facebook: “Uh, I like money.” And there’s not a damn thing wrong with that.
Signed: Pepe That damn frog is everywhere.
Nonsense. You’ve clearly never been to one of Fargo-Moorhead’s dozens of bars. So yeah, plenty to do.
Back when Subway had a distinctive smell that actually smelled good.
You don’t remember it in the early 90s. Those were the good times. The before times. In the long, long ago.
It’s checking the boxes. Every day.
I feel like there’s a lot to this story you’re leaving out.
That Paul Walker scene though.... I’ve never seen so many men walk out of a theatre wiping away tears.
For this theory, I thank the friends you’ve lost due to your dedication to this, the weed you smoked to make it possible and the parents who paid you so little attention that Scooby Doo became your only true family.
They were probably trying to hold it together while they angered out as much as possible. But that would have taken several hours. Maybe two days. And that’s with continuous trucks.
“Mouth-breathing states.” Yes. We can breathe thorough our mouths and noses both because we don’t have much pollution, nor do we have feces on the sidewalks.
Well that’s just drugs talking.
I had a couple of these and now that I see them again, I’m pretty convinced my kid would love them. But McDonalds is all about that sweet, sweet Disney cross-promo money so it’ll never happen.
Found Bart Scott’s account.
Only 5 years from a Super Bowl commercial to complete extinction. That’s what shitty marketing will do.
Let’s be honest. Replacing the screen on an iPhone costs like $50-75. So basically if you can’t do that, you’re just lazy.
Well they wouldn’t be rich anymore if they just spent and spent. And most rich people are also smart people. (Keyword: most) Plus, donating to charities helps them with their taxes.
Is Mr. Scandal-Free Presidency one of them. If not, who cares?
This is how I’d run a daycare.
I have a buddy who loves the “3 yards and a cloud of dust” on Madden. It has been his standby since college. We’re in our 30s. He will pick whatever the best-rated running team is on the game at that time, and he’ll grind it out like it’s the 50s.
See now this is a good informative comment devoid of personal feelings in an age when everyone feels personal feelings must be provided in order for them to give an informative comment. Thank you u/RandomActsofDog
You can blame Scott Norwood for that.
Wow! That’s good luck and I presume a huge sigh of relief for you and your family. But honestly, I figured that I was going to click on the comments and see you say that you didn’t even live near the fires, but that Audible screwed your. That’s what I’ve come to expect from Reddit these days.
RE: Josina Anderson
Might as well. Fox Sports pays Skip Bayless to do the same for Dak.
And less people care about hip hop than you think.
Is this before or after he said “Man fuck it.”
Buffalo Bill McMurray
Put the Lotion on the Skin 2020
I was stuck with 3.1 because my parents’ computer couldn’t handle 95. That was real fun.
Get Spoon the fuck out of there.
God I hate you Collinsworth.
Charge “her” with assault and watch as “she” gets thrown in county with the rest of the humans with penises. You’re not a girl buddy. You’re just playing an extreme form of dress-up.
Jimmy’s timing is off today.
Sherman didn’t even realize he’d caught it.
Freudian slip.
Camping World Stadium is a dream venue! Like an East Coast Rose Bowl. I mean, it’s where they play the Outback Bowl!!!
What does Pete Carroll do? Hire a PI before every game to get as much shit on the officials as possible?
Pete Carroll must have so much shit on Goodell.
I don’t doubt this. Chiefs vs. Titans will be the matinee no doubt.
I bet his wife still looks hot naked though.
How did you get his picture without women draped all over him?
I have also been to Carlisle. Loved the area. Very nice. Can’t believe it had a mall.
One of these or a nice boat. It’s not even a question.
Paul Singer is just one of several hedge fund managers ripping this country apart for their own personal gain. Tucker is right. What they do isn’t capitalism.
It’s an ad for PrEP.
Mo-cap Devil Dinosaur.
Doubt they’re millionaires. That’s about as upper middle class as a home can get.
Brie and two of her new white friends purchased by the Disney Corp.
Girl on the right. Sheesh. She’s grandma now but back then ... Yeeeeeeeewwww!
Ever wonder why our society is getting dumber? Exhibit A.
You guys loved The Craft, didn’t you?
Oooooh man yep. Had those friends. Hahaha!
Could you imagine if they played in on a day when people actually thought college football is on TV?
Not in the middle of January.
That sure makes a lot more sense.
Fact: The US doesn’t care about the starving people of other countries because they are not Americans. America’s goal is to put its citizens’ interests above all others. Because imagine how many starving people we’d have if other countries thought it was a smart idea to pick fights with us, especially on our home turf.
Thank you! I’d been trying to find this on Spotify to no avail.
She seemed... nice.
So right up the ass then, eh?
Ha! “Manly ferry.”
As a straight white male, all they’d have had to do is market the one in the middle wearing a bikini and discount Princess Jasmine in anything but a track suit and we’d have probably told our wives and girlfriends, “Um yeah, I guess we’ll go to it with you. If you want.” But they didn’t. Because they probably let a bunch of young bisexual women do the marketing — a very poor economic demographic to market to and to trust with your marketing. Self-proclaimed professional marketing geniuses hate selling to straight white males and females because they hate us. But guess what we still have? All the damn money and the spending/buying power driven by consistent and moderate- to high-paying jobs. Especially those of us in our 30s and 40s. And we’re not going to give it to you if we feel like in any way slighted by your marketing.
I work in marketing. I subscribe to Adweek, Ad Age, etc. I get all these numbers that come out. What’s crazy is that, according to their numbers, white people still make up more than 3/4 of the US market. Yet as you look at marketing and advertising and commercials, you would think that we make up less than a quarter of the population. Many companies — especially the wannabe “woke” ones are really pushing hard after that minority dollar, especially young black people and increasingly Latino families. I have no problem with that as a marketer, because those two groups have increasingly strong spending power — Thanks Donald! — but I have a problem with is ignoring three-fourths of the market because it’s not woke enough. It’s maddening.
It’s amazing what can happen when you put a bunch of alphas in the room instead of whatever the hell it was we had from 2015 to 2017.
“He’s just a dick.” Spoken like someone who has ever gotten into a Facebook or Reddit argument.
It takes me to a login page on mobile.
Twitter secretly loves Trump. He’s driving up their stock prices with every tweet, and every retweet of his tweet, and with every troll comment responding to his tweet. Jack loves Trump, even if he hates him, because Trump is a walking Twitter advertisement and he does it all for free.
I read every Hank Azaria quote in Brockmire’s voice. And I think that’s all we need to know about how good that character is.
A big error I see is they say “Aged 12” on Will’s missing poster. That’s a relatively new way of saying this to most Americans and is NOT a way people point out ages in the Midwest, where Stranger Things is set. You’re almost exclusively — especially in the 80s — going to see it written “Age 12”. Every time I see it written “Aged 12” (or whatever other number is being used) I think someone young from a large city or a person another country wrote it. That’s not how people speak in the Midwest.
I just don’t get the “Aged” thing. It’s not proper grammar in my opinion. Present tense is “Age.” When speaking about someone in the present, the word “Age” should be used. Are they dead? Using “Aged” is appropriate.
Jimmy G: “That’s OK. I’ll just take the Lombardi.”
Notre Dame vs. NDSU would be great.
I love how California has pissed off the entire western US with their exports of idiots and failures.
If Jimmy showed up and asked to fuck Colin’s hot (legal) teenage daughter, Colin would provide the condoms and lube.
I said the same thing when I saw her profile. “Yep, she looks like an Arizona State girl.”
This looks like it was filmed after Kumail started working out for Eternals but before he got swole.
The one on the left has ingested quite a bit of soy.
Hell of an idea.
“Unsanitary contact between animals and humans.” Allegedly.
r/PornIDidntKnowIWanted
The fact that he fell to the late second round simply because he was a RB may be looked back on as one of the dumbest things NFL teams ever did.
“I’m Cosmo Kramer: The Cam Man!”
49ers fan from the Midwest coming in pre-war peace to say that on any other day, against any other team — especially those pussies from Minnesota or Seattle — I’d stand behind you boys. But on Sunday.... well that friends is when our paths diverge. Good luck.
High school kids tend to be pretty awful.
That kid looks like he traveled forward in time from the 90s to take over the world now that technology has caught up to his evil plans.
YTA. She was 13 and a product of upbringing at the time. It’s been almost a decade. Also consider this an opportunity to have a relationship with a family member moving forward in life, since your parents are likely out of your life.
If that happened, I’d move to Australia.
I also made an r/unpopularopinion post a while back expressing my contempt for sparkling water. You’re alright in my book.
I mean, I’ve watched it with my kids but wow. But I wouldn’t rank it as a top 25 movie of the decade. I wouldn’t rank Toy Story 4 as a Top 25 movie either. It doesn’t hold a candle to 1 or 3.
Bring us some of that 1994 magic Steve-O. NOT that 1997 tragic.
Media: “Did Jimmy Garoppolo flirt with 49ers mascot Sourdough?”
Mike Person grew up 90 miles from my hometown. I know people who went to school with him, who played with him. I have a huge soft spot for this man. He’s easy to cheer for. A journeyman who sells out every week. A coaches’ kid who was never expected to last this long in the league. Now the guy is one win from playing in a Super Bowl. Go Mike!!!
I’m wholly on board with banning people like you from participating in the public forum. You want full-blown communism and nothing less.
Idiots Bob. Idiots.
Same deal with Theodore Roosevelt NP in North Dakota.
Packers are getting much better protection for Rodgers today.
As an NDSU fan, I’ve never been more disappointed in Billy Turner.
I knew we’d lose somebody today. Damnit.
I’ve got a bad feeling about this.
If he short, let Juice run the damn ball.
Wow. Those guys are having fun tonight.
Link didn’t work for me.
Ooooh yeah. Heir to the Giants fortune.
I should have said “previous” not “last.” Ya grammar Nazi.
Yes. They’re all one big happy rich family. Mom’s a Rooney. Dad’s a Mara.
Lemmiwinks!
Yo I thought black don’t crack.
This is nothing new. John Paxson anyone?
If we lose the Super Bowl, it’s because Mahomes is literally the closest thing to football Superman we’ve ever seen in the history of the game. Skip needs to stay in his lane and go back to his Dak Prescott fan fiction.
I love that too. I always thought it’d made great music for a pregame hype video. It’s also great for an underdog no one thought would be there.
Joe Burrow’s going to add a few more numbers to Cincy’s loss total eventually too.
Maybe a wannabe actress but the story is likely true.
Maybe a wannabe actress but the story is likely true.
As long as they change those jerseys Kim. Get your fashion team in that field then.
I’m ok with this.
I’d flip that one around for the win.
It’s been happening since we started drilling for oil. So probably not.
They don’t call him Jimmy 3:16 because he’s religious or crushed beers from the top ropes son.
What the fuck is Jack Dorsey gonna do? And isn’t he on a spirit quest or some shit that only rich queefs can do?
He’s uniting those who never thought they’d be united.
Who are you flying where they’re touch screens. I generally have to fly United almost exclusively and I have run into them yet.
That looks like a dude running against girls. It’s so ridiculous that they think this is OK.
Keep going Fitz. Take it all.
Meanwhile, Democrats influence the media as a whole. At every level. Every day. But shhhhh! Can’t say that. You’re a meanie if you say that. Source: Worked in media for nearly two decades.
No. Not at all. Carson Wentz, Conner McGovern (Broncos) and Brent Qvale (Jets) are all actually from ND. Kelce has no tie to the state or this area in particular.
I have the third one down. Rare find.
They seem like a nice couple. And I’d bet a mortgage payment that she totally pegs him in bed.
We aren’t in end stage capitalism. We are simply in a turning point of how our society procures goods and services. It’s changed before. It’ll change again.
Bill does it literally every game.
“I need to be on the right side of history.” Sooooo dramatic.
I wish we still did that as a society. I remember when teams won state championships in small towns, there’d be parades with fire trucks to greet them. Kids — even if they weren’t on the team — would get in their cars and celebrate by driving up and down streets and plain old whopping it up. Now there would be an arrest or 10.
So happy about this.
Thought it was on r/Letterkenny for a minute.
So much of this seems to be coming out of Asia.
Mick Foley had CTE before it was cool.
As a mid-30s graying man, I take solace in my masculinity when I see the gray hairs on Jimmy.
You’re gonna love this then: www.magicringdonuts.com
That’s exactly what my wife’s parents — both blue collar workers — did for her. Her one sister went military so they had the money they’d saved for both her and my wife ready to go for when she got to school. She went to a smaller, local college that wasn’t an arm and a leg and it was basically all paid for. My wife even worked to supplement the stuff they wouldn’t pay for (food, rent, etc.). Her parents had saved enough for all but about $10,000 of her education and they paid off her student loans for that, just as they’d promised.
I found one on eBay a few years ago. I invested in throwback pennants for all my favorite teams for my home office.
Well they did it because they either wanted their kids to be military or get a four-year high education because neither of them did. My parents were the same. Both have two-year degrees. All of my siblings and I have either multiple four-year degrees or a Masters. All paid for through student loans that we’ve paid off by the way.
My wife said he looks like every guy who doesn’t get the final rose on The Bachelorette.
Oh they’re good.
You forgot the most expensive iPhone you can possibly buy.
He wasn’t “unfit.” He was just “underqualified.” In 2008, people literally hired the cool intern to lead the company.
This post reminds me of this Simpsons clip: https://youtu.be/8UWjqFR1RYs
Would it be something if he caught like 4 passes and a TD in the Super Bowl?
Ever read World War Z? Guess where the zombie virus originated? Hint: It wasn’t North America.
If you told me this was a colorized photo from the early 1900s, I’d probably buy it.
No. That’ll be our job.
His dad is Jim. Jim Person.
The Weasel isn’t even that big of a weasel.
Settle down now.
No. He literally brought us back and then lost it with his piss poor reads and throws in the late fourth quarter. Harbaugh and Roman are just as at fault.
This is the Brady-less future folks.
We could have given Randy Moss his Super Bowl moment. That makes me really sad every time I see it.
God that’s right. We had Rod Woodson for a bit.
Apparently 30 below doesn’t keep the riff raff out.
Well, first my head would go through the wall of my shower as I lean up against it, half asleep in the morning. My shower is on the side of my house, so I’d probably freak out, lose my balance and fall out of the second floor of my house. Naked. Into the snow. And then I’d probably die from going head first into the snow. Naked.
One of my best friends is a Chiefs fan. When both teams made it, he got so excited and the first thing he did was start a Facebook event to host a Super Bowl party for all of our friends with a “Come join us while my Chiefs take on r/ohchristworld’s Niners!” All I want to do is sit at home and watch the game with my kids without the distraction of everyone’s wives and the half-interested people. I don’t have the heart to tell him yet so I’ll probably go.
I am a Republican living in an extremely red state. The only people I ever see begging for help on Facebook are broke single moms who had three kids out of wedlock with three different men. And then when people tell them to stop partying every weekend to save money, it’s usually some form of “Only God Can Judge Me!” in response.
It’s safe to say most of us here were Bush supporters. Why? Not because of Bush or his policies specifically. But because those were the years when it slowly became clear that the other side disliked what our country was so much that they wanted to let us lie down in defeat in the years after 9/11. Was the War on Terrorism perfect? Hell no. But did it do good? Hell yes! We will never know how many terrorist attacks would have happened in the years following 9/11 with a weaker administration in charge, but I think it’s safe to say it likely would have been worse. And yes, the media’s playbook is the same for sure. Down to the rhetoric and the “woe is me” mentality from the left. The same anti-war idiots I went to college with are now the same TDS-suffering fools who are still trying to get their lives together in their mid-to-late 30s while the rest of us plan retirement and play with our portfolios because we spent time actually thinking about reality.
You know what’d keep guys like this out? Forced castration.
Touché.
Kyle Shanahan has entered the chat.
RAW was on USA. Nitro was in TNT. TBS is owned by Ted Turner, who also owns TNT.
“HEY WHAT A FUN EASY MAZE!”
Please explain further. How/why do they “migrate” during Chinese New Year?
So basically like Americans do for Thanksgiving and Christmas? Just on a much larger scale because of the population. Got it.
Subway: still going strong.
You can take one look at them and realize what’s important in life for them.
I’m being judgemental when I see two 20-something parents covered in tats filming themselves shirtless while very clearly attempting to do something for social media likes/attention — all while leaving their kid I watched on a 5-foot-high top bunk that he’s already jumping on. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to deduce that if mom is jumping, the kid is going to want to do something similar because he’s already doing it. Look at the way that kid landed. This was very nearly a tragedy. Just because they wanted some likes. So yeah, I’m going to fucking judge.
I don’t know you know this yet, but you have 3s where your Es are supposed to be. Thought I’d let you know.
There’s a very pretty mom who goes to our church. She teaches my kid Sunday School. She recently got married to a guy I’ve known for a while. He’s a good dude. Not a simp at all. They had the kid out of wedlock, her third in total. All three kids have different skin tones. I get why he married her. I just hope they last, because she has clearly had her fun.
There’s a very pretty mom who goes to our church. She teaches my kid Sunday School. She recently got married to a guy I’ve known for a while. He’s a good dude. Not a simp at all. They had the kid out of wedlock, her third in total. All three kids have different skin tones. I get why he married her. I just hope they last, because she has clearly had her fun.
Oh I bet she’s a freak in the sheets. I know a couple guys like Liam. Great looking dudes. Good dudes too. Could have any chick they want. They for some reason both settled for rich girls who are about a 7 in looks and a 10 in crazy. I don’t know if it’s the money her family has, their connections, or what. But it’s odd.
She USED TO BE a 8.5. She literally had perky everything. Then she got into her mid-20s and tailed off horribly.
Go on...
If the LGBT community wants to be fully normalized, then it’s high time they allow themselves to be parodied like everyone else. Seriously, not that many people have an issue with gay people. What people have an issue with is the constant “you can’t say that.” It’s why Curb is so damn good. Larry David just goes for it. PC be damned.
So just regular Hitler then?
NTA. You are but the first in a coming long line of children who will rebel against their parents’ social media portraits of them that they’ve been painting daily basically since you were born. Tell your mom that if she wants to blog about you, she needs to have your consent. Your fears about jobs and relationships aren’t unfounded. I employ people. What’s the first thing I do when I want to hire someone? I Google them. If I were to Google your name, what would come up? Is it embarrassing? Is it something I don’t my company being associated with? These are the things parents — in their own quest for Internet fame — neglected to think about when throwing their children’s entire lives on the internet for everyone to see. It’s why we’ve really scaled back the crap we post about our kids online. Why? Because I decided we’re not posting anything that is embarrassing to them or something that could be used against them later in life, either for a personal or professional reason.
I doubt he transfers to a P5. Randy Hedberg is a QB guru. The best thing for him, if he wants to play in the NFL, is to stay and learn from Randy. And also, we are very selfish and will tie him to the goalposts of the Fargodome before letting him leave.
Oh yeah. Silver St. Cloud in Gotham. The teenage girl who was made up to look 25:
Surprised she hasn’t lost count by now.
This has to be a commercial or something, right?
Yeah. Timing fits. Unless Turturro wanted to do it for fun and got some friends involved to make a low-budget short film.
I’m not. I’m completely serious and confused just like everyone else.
WTF. OK then.
All that matters are jersey sales and TV ratings. The idiots who don’t really follow basketball know who Chris Paul and Russell Westbrook are. These same people couldn’t pick Book out of a lineup. And that is unfortunately the NBA is target demographic for watching the All-Star game.
Let me tell you something, pendejo...
The climate crazies are in complete denial that China and India are the root cause of Earth’s environmental issues. They can’t see anyone other than themselves and first-world countries as to blame because, well, they’re idiots. It’s that simple really.
He’s pointing the finger directly at Paul and Westbrook.
Westbrook is a stat machine. He’s always going to make it. Paul shouldn’t have made it at all. They’re not even that good.
No. I would put down LeBron any day of the week. I have a long history of saying he is net negative for the NBA.
It all starts in the home and community. The cities you mentioned let their communities fall to gangs, drugs and fatherless homes decades ago. And now we’re seeing the results.
I’m so proud of this young man for doing what he’s doing right now.
I’ve said it all along, this is a live-action role-play fantasy for a lot of people.
They’re all 20-something liberal whites without kids too.
The mod won’t even respond to me either. Freaking rouge assholes. Little babies in mom’s basement feeling so big about themselves. I just want to talk basketball. They want to remake society in their image.
Because we’re seeing a lot of black people protesting peacefully while young white kids incite the rioting.
I think we absolutely stole this guy.
No no. Reddit is Ebola.
It’s a Bible. In front of a church. You’re all insane.
It shouldn’t be about who you support for President you fool! Burning and looting churches and businesses is terroristic behavior. Plain and simple.
I fell for that. I should create that.
Is there a source for this?
This is the correct answer. If you have the winning numbers, you barricade yourself in your home and you bring in the best lawyers you have access to to start setting up your double blind trust.
Did anyone run his ass down and turn him into police for terrorizing? Because that’s what he’s doing. That’s a misdemeanor. Get his ass charged. He’s trying to terrorize a permitted peaceful protest.
Yeah, humanity isn’t finished. Humanity adapts. We have 1 billion more people on earth than we did 20 years ago. Frankly, as Dwight Schrute once said, “We could use a new plague.”
I own some of that US land used for agriculture. Be thankful it’s used how it’s used.
That’s what they want. They want you to be terrified. They want you to submit. Don’t.
That’s called a PR person. This is normal.
Um, yes it is. Particularly for a politician or elected official in situations like this. The mayor anticipated people are going to ask him questions like this. He got someone to help him write a canned answer that’s polite but not all that informative. This is literally PR 101. The difference is Bakken is too dumb to know how to text.
Very true.
$10,000. Bitch, most of those assholes looted more than that.
Stupid and uneducated vandals. I would bet money it was tagged by a suburban white kid who shops at Hot Topic.
Exactly. Plus, it’s not even the Punisher logo. Any dolt with a bit of graphic design experience can make a knockoff Punisher logo. Also, they’re all made by third parties from all over the place, so who are you going to sue?
This was the scene I caught while my son was watching it that made me take notice and go “Whoa, this show may be a little different.”
How does it pull?
It’s a long winding road into Satan’s anus.
Even though it also was. They all stunk.
That what One Tree Hill did. It worked great.
Shhh! You’re interrupting the children’s false narratives.
Lebron: Billionaire in a bubble with a high school education.
I’m in total agreeance with you. Love the fact that he’s a big tile family man trying to be a positive influence on black men (or men of any color) should raise their family. But when it comes to race and politics, he’s just dropping hot takes like any other schmuck. He just has a microphone that 3 billion people can hear.
When you’ve been coddled since your teen years and you have more money than pretty much all of the people you’re complaining about could never even dream of making, you’ve lost all perspective. “They’re hunting us....” Give. Me. A. Break.
If he gets in, he’s going to be a puppet of activists everywhere.
Seriously now, how many people did he kill?
Joe Kleine
If you have a ROKU and have any type of cable subscription with Disney, you can get Disney NOW.
Who do you think still watches terrible movies? Kids and lonely people.
Anyone remember that Nazi book burning scene from Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?
Hey how’d you get my mom’s calculator?
Shhh! That’s a reasonable answer that requires cooperation and patience. Our society isn’t about that right now. We’re all about immediate answers that aren’t well thought out and potentially will create more long-lasting issues. But it’s OK because a couple politicians acted fast and the media reported on it glowingly.
“Your situation is better suited for a social worker or psychologist. We advise you to contact them.”
There are less and less reasons to allow a day off for voting. Especially as early voting comes into favor in most states. Also, why give a day off for something that — in theory — takes you minutes to do? Are there lines, yes. Are they avoidable? Yes. The right answer is that employers should be forced to give a minimum 2-3 hours of free leave to vote, but only if that person works a shift that covers the polling hours. I think that’s fair for most people and businesses. You don’t lose a day of business — especially if you’re a service business that would be serving customers that are off all day because of the free day off. So in theory, it’s good to give a day off. In reality, tons of people would still have to work. An example of this is Thanksgiving and Black Friday. Yeah, Thanksgiving is a day off, but look how many people are still working.
10 minutes to actually vote and fill out your ballot Think of the MILLIONS of people for which this is NOT an issue. We see all these lines on TV and in media. But in reality that is a incredibly small example. Why should every small town across America go dark for a day with no business running when it takes 10-15 minutes for people to vote? My point here is that people are always stating that we need to do something HUGE for everyone, when in reality “everyone” isn’t everyone and that’s why we do it the way we do it.
Thanksgiving and Black Friday sales are not a new phenomenon. It’s just a highly marketed phenomenon compared to what it was years ago.
And you really think that’s going to happen on Election Day? Jim Bob, Jamal and Juan are all going to sit down for 3 hours because they have this day off, and they’re going to pour over candidate and issue information before heading over to the polls? Give me a break.
Five years ago? Yeah no. That started about 20 years ago. Minimum.
Then you’re an idealistic idiot without a grasp on reality or what daily life is like for a typical American.
Yeah I am. But I’m also the asshole that’s calling you out on inaccuracies that you’re spouting off believing to be true.
I’m the small mind? I’m the one thinking federally, economically and socially, and weighing the overall impact to the economy, small business and others while taking timing and actual awareness of space into mind. You’re the one demanding something without thought or statistical analysis. You’re basically just virtue signaling without a plan.
I mean, yeah. You complain about this country, yet here you sit, basking in the ability to complain, while simply not understanding how good you have it. You’re at the epicenter of the world. Entertainment, sports, politics, economy. It all evolves around America. There was a time when Americans embraced that and felt pride in that, and we were more united because of it. Now we are so picky about everything that simply not being a perfect country is reason enough to be embarrassed of your country. We need a good slap in the face as a country, and it’s coming. It may already be happening.
Who the fuck still gets Columbus Day off besides SOME government employees? No one. That’s who.
Oh she is? Then stop the train, I want to get off.
I see you’re a teenager. Wait until you grow up a little bit before you trash the fucking country. You don’t even have the slightest grasp yet on how things actually work. You make blanket statements but you don’t understand the millions of decisions that went into coming to where we are today.
So, Twitter?
Someone will pick it up. Probably the Trump TV network that’ll start one day.
Trump would literally hand him the keys, laugh and say “Good luck with your dictatorship,” while goes and starts a billion-dollar news network.
Miles Morales. So hot right now. Might actually be worth it to get a PS5 if this is good.
My mind can’t handle an immigrant who moves here, marries her brother to gain citizenship, tells us how shitty it is to live here, gets elected to a Congress because her district is full of liberals who pretty much only want to elect either a woman, person of color or an immigrant and she checked all three boxes despite her continued gaffes and inability to prove she was Congressional material, then just towed the party line until whole the district she presides over literally burned to the ground due to racial unrest and poor policing. And this person has the gall to try and take the fucking high road. If she’s the future of this country, we are honest and truly fucked.
Love all the liberals who now hate unions.
All unions are garbage. Unions were formed to protect workers but like all things, become corrupted by those in power.
You know what? I still am. He’s entitled to his opinion. I don’t have to agree with him to like him as a person. And honestly, he typically doesn’t say anything until pushed. (Plus he’s a Canadian, so its understandable that he’s liberal. 😄) That’s where we as conservatives rise above. We don’t have to agree 100% with a person to like or enjoy them.
Not necessarily talking points. Just an opinion. I have my experience with unions. Both positive and negative. And I’ve directly witnessed what kind of corruption can be grown inside of the union if allowed to fester.
Thanks!
You don’t say.... https://i.imgur.com/tCVK8BP.gifv
What Strawman? She’s quite literally all of this things.
Well... yeah. I’m from ND but I’m a lifelong fan.
Yeah I am too but there’s hope on the horizon.
Much appreciated.
They’re Hydra though....
https://twitter.com/stevenash/status/1267248768212062208?s=21
What are you talking about? He currently struggles formulating free thoughts and ideas and consistently loses his train of thought.
The shallow part is bitching about other sports leaders, such as Jerry Jones and Robert Kraft, for their donations to Trump. People like Popovich scream “DEMOCRACY!!!!” and then complain about those who practice it just like they do but with the candidates they don’t like. That’s what is hypocritical.
You think Bush knows the intricacies of DMs and PMs? The man doesn’t even know what life is like past 9 PM.
.... some dick.
Wasn’t that the Batman &amp; Robin soundtrack?
WHATCHA GONNA DO BROTHER? When the Kittle. Runs wild. On you.
So what? Do they have people from the area making them fresh every day? Yes. Then there’s your answer.
I’ll drink a fifth to your combined insanity.
Communism kills. End of story.
Yeah, lower than the 1860s... sure.
Ok so a southwestern tribe. Makes sense now. One would hope they don’t cast a person from one of the northern tribes though. That’d be like casting a Korean to play a Japanese character.
I’d pay top dollar to see a bunch of Philadelphians roll into Aberdeen.
Pine Ridge is literally four-plus hours from Aberdeen and the southeast edge of Standing Rock is at least 90 minutes away. Aberdeen is not a rough town. It’s a smaller hub city and college town. Odds are a drunk Cowboys fan thought he was going to be a tough guy.
My point is that they’re looking for two different races but asking it in the same question. And I also tried to point out how Native tribes distinguish themselves, and how casting a Lakota as a Hopi would be like casting a Korean as a Japanese character.
He’s the link between Sony and the MCU and I love it.
Hell, we ate on the stage!!!
I don’t care about your text. I’m just disturbed by the thought of your username. That’s an abomination I don’t even want to think about anymore but now it’s in my head.
And they’re all going to be just fine.
Perhaps amongst the morbidly obese and sickly. If they’re in reasonably good health, no.
Masks don’t matter that much unless you’re underneath a hospital-grade N-95 mask. Your little cloth mask isn’t stopping shit.
This.
So they both work in the medical field and aren’t worried about dying or you dying and THEY’RE the crazy ones? OK, sure.
Right on cue.
He’s a “turd.” That’s a nice way of saying “fucking primadonna cancer that will destroy your locker room.”
That’s a shitload of people writing scripts. No wonder the continuity is falling apart.
To me it’s clear example of the double-standard were all living with right now. Bosa is clearly not a racist. But he’s also pretty clearly a conservative. So many people think they can joke that a white conservative (full disclosure: like me) is a racist because he’s a white conservative, and that’s just perfectly OK. It’s not. I’m not racist. Bosa isn’t racist. By doing that, you’re making someone a stereotype. You’re making them out to be something they’re not, and that’s the exact issue that so many social justice groups are supposedly all about. Except when it comes to white conservatives.
When Bosa said that, he was a teenager. What stupid shit did you say when you were a teenager?
Brian Banks. That is all.
SD has it right on the non-posted private land deal. ND landowners have to spend money to not allow hunting on their privately owned land, and thats bullshit.
You aren’t that far from me then. I bet you do have the trash and dog shit issue. We all do. I just find it unacceptable that landowners have to put up signage to inform people what is and what isn’t private property. Perhaps I’ve just had some issues with hunters that rubbed me the wrong way over the years and that is where I’m at. My mind is settled on the issue. I’m tired of spending the money and taking the time to post. I’m tired of 8 am Saturday phone calls. I’m tired of the bitchy city guys who complain when you tell them you gave permission to someone else, and then they go to your neighbors land, and just casually end up in your land.
The memory hole is real.
I appreciate the comments. I’m not opposed to hunters on my land. In fact, I welcome it. But I do not welcome unknown people tearing up our roads in the fall scouting for birds or deer.
Still don’t know why she swallowed the fly.
Is Netflix going to remove the entire second season of “You”? Because that one gets pretty real.
Legit snort laughed at that comment.
I’d worry more about your owner, players and shitty stadium than your d-coordinator.
But at least one has been drunk on the air multiple times and the turns around and tries to preach to Americans how awful we all are on a regular basis.
Mental illness is a bad problem in our country. And until we acknowledge it and work to mend those suffering from it, we will continue to go down the drain. But we probably won’t. We don’t want to stifle anyone’s “independence.”
The dude shot here was white. And a white cop shot him.
What do they got in there? King Kong?
Wait? This isn’t a popular opinion?
Maturity hasn’t hit yet I see.
The Tiger family hunted and ate them. And now they’re just waiting for O to be big and ready.
He waited for two hot girls who look fun to come along. What did he do the prior four days?
It’s also not true. When the Allies came through to reclaim Germany, they took care of this.
I disagree with what the second cop came and did. BUT, when an adult male is screaming at another cop and getting in his face, you’re quite literally putting yourself in the position to be arrested. Regardless of race, age or deed. I have had a friend — college-age white male at the time — arrested for doing something similar. He thought he was going to be tough and yell at the cop. Cop was like “Yeah, this ain’t happening,” and on went the cuffs and into the car he went. He got charged with a misdemeanor. He deserved it.
He yelled at a cop. An officer of the peace. His job is to keep the peace. My friend was drunk. My friend was disturbing the peace. He was disrespecting an officer who was being respectful to him. The arrest set him straight and was probably the best thing that ever happened to him. He is a physical therapist now and lives in a half-million-dollar home. He was on a bad path before his arrest. Sometimes it takes an incident like that to make people realize they were doing things the wrong way.
It’s called having mutual human respect, with an additional respect to someone who has chosen the career of ensuring human and community safety.
And wondering why the hell shes on Reddit with these people.
Kate McKinnon plays the new Miss Frizzle in the Netflix reboot. I would bet Elizabeth Banks poured some money in to get cast.
If you’re going to require them, provide them. Especially when a kid is paying $25,000 a year for your university.
Well she’s been experimenting on African nations for years, so....
The Asian marxists controlling our marxists, who don’t understand that the Asian marxists are the ones quietly controlling them.
Suuuure you haven’t. Also, you living in a communist country and are hanging out on r/Economics is Reddit users in a nutshell.
What about trucks that have to, you know, act like a truck and actually haul shit. Like cattle and horse trailers, RVs or small flatbeds? You’re not doing that with electric.
Here’s about as smart as they are: an F-250 is not “medium duty.”
Those Etsy masks are also about as worthless and helpful as rubbing a pile of shit on your hands and the sitting down to enjoy a nice meal.
I don’t think people “decided to forget about it.” I think that many are watching statistics and seeing that if they get it, there’s a damn good chance they’ll be fine. Especially if they’re healthy. And most people are smart enough to know that if they somehow contract it, that means they’re out of society/work for 2-3 weeks and, believe it or not, most people are a-OK with that. It also helps that most businesses have set up Emergency Paid Sick Leave so that if you or someone you live with gets COVID, you don’t have to dip into your leave for it. That alone makes millions of people more likely to take the chance.
My god is that a refreshing comment section.
Me either. Then again, I do love Phoenix.
Stockpile as much away as you can. Put it in a trust. Invest for the kids you don’t have yet. Buy a few nice things, but make sure that you and your family are set up in case something tragic happens. The average NFL player has a relatively short lifespan. Looking at Kinlaw’s family on draft night, his parents look like they make a good, respectable living. So I have pretty good confidence he understands how to handle his finances. Some of these guys just have no clue and buy everything they can right away, and then they’re broke at 35.
That’s the dude playing a dudette disguised as a dude.
No. It’s a guy who plays the role of a woman in his mind.
I work in advertising and marketing. That was definitely their plan. Thousands in free advertising. Also... social media marketing is not expensive. It’s not like they’re taking a huge hit.
That makes sense. And I do the same experiment with homemade Etsy masks.
This is going to backfire like crazy over the next few years. And I, for one, can’t wait to watch.
Ted Cruz
I’m not leaving at all. I enjoy knowing how much people — especially young people — hate me simply because I’m a white male conservative. And it’s fun to tell them that they’re being hypocrites.
That’s some good-looking knoephla. What’d you use for dumplings?
Step off!
If they assassinated Trump, the replacement Republican candidate — it wouldn’t be Pence — would win in a landslide.
I think the fact that we are even having this conversation points to the fact that the world has lost their sense of humor along with their minds.
Best part is when Bingo and Bluey hit the beach and immediately rub their ears in the sand. I about fell out of my chair laughing and had to explain to my kid that’s what dogs do when they see a beach.
I just threw up in my mouth a little.
I would hope Ted Cruz.
So basically: Here’s a set of subjective rules that allow us to do whatever we want at any time we see fit.
Gilead isn’t trying to make you pay for it. They’re trying to make the government pay them to give it to you.
Sherm tries to make everything a federal case. Nobody wanted Cam except New England, and they’re taking a flyer on him. If you look at his PFF analytics, you’ll see why. I hope Cam balls out, but he has to earn it. Do Nick Foles and Chase Daniel get paid too much? Of course. But the Bears are dumb and Stafford is always hurt.
